Yeah, mobilize. He walks away. Yeah, Laura and I will be at Puerto Rico Comic Con next weekend. The 21st and the 22nd, or the 20th and the 21st, whatever Saturday and Sunday is. We'll be there! Come squeeze us, we'll sign your books-- Yeah, come squeeze us. Ahh, sushi burp. Here we go, it'll be hitting you real soon. Holy shit. Is that it? We're under new management now, going to be a lot of changes around here. For the better. Where did you hide? Sweet. Sweet! Yes, actually. You should leave. I don't mean that in the way that it sounded, sorry, back up. So, come tomorrow, there might be danger in Westruun. You and your kin should go. In fact, anyone that you see, take them with you, there's a little encampment not far from here. Yeah, all the shanty area of people-- It's over by Foromir Basin. Head for that if you can. There's a fight coming here. You don't want to be here. Don't be too obvious about it, on the sly, if you can, but try and make your way out of here before dawn tomorrow. On second thought, should we ask them to leave on the sly, like, through the sewers? Just in case. So maybe underground if they can. (whispering) Reginald. Don't poke him. Do you want to knock? Maybe you should say who's knocking, just in case. You do knock so strong. I go with her. Hello Wilhand! Oh, no-- yes. Take it easy. I know, it's all right. It's all right, Wilhand. It's all been taken care of. You hid. I see where Pike gets her smarts from. This is Vex, this is Vax. Yeah. Thank goodness. Yep, that's the only reason they came here. Little misunderstanding, they're not all dead. We unseated Kevdak. He's dead. And so was the horrible bastard who was pouring poison in his ear. But listen, I gave power up to the Herd, to Zanror, his son. So it's in slightly better hands. Little problem-- They want to stay and fight the dragon that's going to come back. So we need everyone in here to leave. Sorry, yes. I grab the back of his britches and I pull him back. Nope, nope, Wilhand. That's how she's known. Ruthless. We're glad you're safe. We want to make sure you're out of here before any real damage comes to town. We haven't quite talked about-- But what is known is that there's going to be a fight tomorrow. And unless you want to throw down, and I know you're a mighty warrior, not saying you shouldn't, but if you don't want to, now might be the time to hop-skip out of here. No, no, not in the hole! Well, don't be stingy. Welcome to Ren Faire. Yeah, hook it up, homie. Is Wilhand drunk right now? Insight check his soberness. Yeah, we could do that. I don't know. He said, at dawn, we-- Wait, at dawn we fight, or at dawn we plan? Aw, really, do we give a shit about it? No, you're right, we do. Why don't we set up the mansion in Wilhand's house, we'll go and run our errand, and we'll come back and he'll have gotten the kitchen all up to spec. So can we make the door? Wilhand's starting to turn green. Wilhand, just give me the bottle, take it easy. Never saw anything. Holy shit. Holy shit. Can we walk and talk? I'm a unique little snowflake, I take no offense. Thank you. Really? I don't know if we'll be alive in the morning. I don't know if it's occurred to any of you, but I don't particularly feel safe. I'm glad we got out of there-- I'm glad we have a mansion, I'm glad we have a Vestige because of it, but look, I got abandoned once. Think anything's changed since then? No, neither do I. But I don't really understand much things. Look, if it was the day before yesterday I would have said they're all fools and they're going to do it the stupid way, but I think I underestimated 'em a bit, so yeah. I think they might be a bit clever. Yeah. No. Here's my vote, so I can have it said. I would rather get everyone that doesn't want to die in this town out to that encampment. If we take this meeting with Zanror, we will no longer be able to walk away. There could be a total chance that they all turn on us right then. In the throne room, in the yard, wherever we are. We could leave now. Yeah, because I just saved his life. For a second. I also beat his ass when he was little, and let me tell you a thing about grudges they don't go away. No, he's a little man, and little men have Napoleon complexes. He's this horrible elf from the West. Bigger than the blue, bigger than the white? Where I rolled a 21 and it missed. Yeah, remember 21 missed. I can't believe I'm saying this-- Right, but there might be some that can hit him when he's in the air, but not all of them. Yeah, if you had time. Why are we being in such a rush about this? They're not all goliaths. 20 or a one, seems to work well for us. A warm fire! And I run-- no. (laughter) Yeah, do you want me to hang outside? I left a little something in there for him. Time doesn't pass, right? Does time pass in the locket? Well, I farted right before I hopped out. (laughter) I might not live past this. (fart noise) (laughter) You've made her very cautious. Yeah, actually, can Trinket and I walk to the other side of the street? Can I walk to the other side of the street? No. Yeah, and I watch the house from across the street. Yeah, since this is taking a bit, it's not a short rest is it, if I'm chilling? Nah, I'm just watching. I already had my great moment, all right? Thank god for that lump of Quall. Can I, since I'm bored-- I look up and down the street. Anything suspicious? Hey! Minus, no, plus one. No. (laughs) Eightee-- wait. (laughter) Yeah, that's what I was thinking. I don't look at them. Can I try to attune with my new bloodaxe while I'm waiting? Both. Sweet. What are you guys doing down there that is so loud? You guys, the door is exploding! Move! This way! I race across the street to them with the bloodaxe in my hands. I don't understand what you're telling me right now. Can I reach out with my hand and try and touch whatever it was that smashed me in the face? A new strength check, right? 19. What the fuck is grabbing my hand? Yeah, you keep saying that word. I don't know what it means. Yeah, I've been wearing them. I did. I would like to go down to the training area where I normally sleep. Pike! Would you come with me? We'll wait for you here. Okay, you'll be right back. Copy that. Outstanding! Going to see my daughter! Are there any track marks? Ohh. I get it. Makes so much sense. Shit. He is huge. Fuck. Now I get it, all right, he's with us. Got it. Understand. His name is Fassbender? Fluffy it is! No, yeah, I totally take it. Enough. Yeah, that-- wait. Well, I took off-- yeah, I did take off my Bracers of Defense, so that hits. Okay. Tit for tat, bitch. And I swing back with the Titanstone Knuckles and punch Fassbender in the face. 28. Of the four or the six, because it's my fist? Well, hold on, we were just getting warmed up, I mean, this is where the game starts, you know, it's like, P-I-N-G and then you really start playing. It's a song. That's my designation. That's like the fifth time today and it's so good! No, like a good horror movie. Fakeouts. Can I turn to Pike and say like, look at what I got! Yeah, right? I don't even feel it. It's like nothing. Nope. No, nothing. Well, look. The bloodaxe, right, I've known this weapon for many, many years, and I wanted you to be here when I did this. (whispers) Can you hear me? No. Which is cool, right? Yep, better. Can you tell if it's evil? No. What do you think? Oh, you can't tell anything? Right. So we're already in a better place than we were before. They do. Hey, wait, keep holding it for a second. Can I walk over to the wall? Can I punch the wall? I'd like to punch the wall. Wait-- 50. Oh, just damage. 25. 25. I remember being little and Kevdak went and punched a boulder and it went like (stone shattering) and split in half. Yeah, we're going to be busting balls big time. Yeah, at me? Good swing! (laughter) Vicious, vicious. Oh wait-- Well hold on, I had to take the Gauntlets of Ogre Power off, do you want them back? Now, I think you have to give 'em up for the boots, but it's your pick, it's a kite-- or you can be a monstah! I also have-- wait, is Scanlan back? (sniffs) Do I smell poo? Didn't I get these Bracers of Defense from you? Oh. Do you want 'em back? It gives you a plus two to your AC if you wear no armor and are using no shield. Does anybody not wear any armor? Yeah! Cool. Well, they're worth like six thousand gold, so I guess-- I'll hold onto them, thanks. For 50! No. So it's night, it's nighttime. We owe Zanror a talk one way or the other. Yeah, we need to heal up, big time. You guys are the biggest fucking dicks ever. Great conversations have been had at dawn, I'll have you know. We're not the only one. Treaties have been signed, and-- stuff. We might be able to do that. How long is a long rest? Six to eight. So on the short end, we could get up at three and walk over. Yeah. We should do that now. All right, that's Percy's vote. Keyleth, what do you say? Sure, Vax, what do you say? Vex? Badass Hand-Smasher the First? I wouldn't care if we left now. I don't think we're ready. I think it would be foolish. I learned a lesson yesterday. And I'm anxious to die, don't get me wrong, but I'd rather win, if we planned a little better, than lose. In theory. I'll amend my proposition to this. I'm not sure what that word means. Yes. If we go and speak to Zanror, and we can't change his mind about fighting this dragon, which I'm not entirely comfortable asking him to do, we at least get the innocents, prisoners, and hostages out of the city. We pretend that we're going to fight the dragon with him, and when shit goes down, we wait. And if I may, in case any of your consciences are in conflict, the Herd is full of murderers and pillagers and rapists and child killers. The worst of the lot. And only when I was younger did I not know the difference between right and wrong. Still working on that definition. But I can tell you, this group ain't the best lot in the world, and they mean nothing to me compared to the people in this room. Once. But are we trying to save a herd? Or are we trying to save a town? That's bigger than a town, right? Do you mean, like, permanent marriage? I take the bottle. He pulled it back! I let him have it. I go and grab a shitload of chicken and start shoving it in my mouth. He's passed out. Is Vax here? Shit. I wanted to put like shaving cream in his hand and tickle his nose with a feather. What's left to finish? We go to sleep-- Yeah. Is there anyone on the street? 19. Plus zero. Same people I saw outside of the house earlier. All right, fuck this shit. I turn and I walk towards those two people. Hello. What're your two names? Funny, I feel like I've seen you about in the last few hours, watching us. Huh. Why? Hm. Don't you have a new leader now? Would you like to walk with us? We're going for a little morning stroll. And we head to the Margrave's house. I make eye contact with both of them. I seek an audience with Zanror. We go in. I grab my earpiece and very lightly say, Vax, keep your eyes about you. Nope, stay together. Aye, wouldn't miss it for the world. It is pretty sweet, though, isn't it? We all have our preparations to make before battle. Don't worry about mine. You have no idea. That I do. It is a wide wake, my friend. Thunderlord, we back your play. Watch where you turn your gaze. It may be the last movement your head makes attached to your body. Oh, that's not good. Ten. Pike. Wars have been started over less. Aye, she will. 25 strong we have. Injured are no good to us. Neither are the prisoners or hostages that were kept by this herd. You said you have made preparations. What sort of preparations do you have in mind? Interesting. Very true. Have you seen this cave? Might report back with how-- the size of the cave. Do you have any interest in a tactical ambush? Don't have that. One thing dragons-- Dragons and Kevdak shared one common trait arrogance. In your previous dealings with this dragon, did it ever speak down to you? Aye. Perhaps if we tame your lust for blood for a day, we can control all the variables that we have by setting this trap. If we go to that cave, aye, we will find war sooner, but we know less, and the reason you're the Thunderlord now is there is a better brain in that skull than there ever was in your father's. Let's use that to our advantage. Don't need it. 19. Planned at dawn. See? (laughter)