You're doing great! You're killing it! One day left! Isn't there some musical you were in that said something or other about one day more? We're going to lock ourselves in a room to sign them. You'd have to stop hula-hooping for five seconds! Liam, we have lost our collective god damn minds and we are actually taking this show out of the studio for the first time ever! Critical Role is going to be doing Critical Role Live! July 14th, West Hollywood. Save it! At the Landmark Theaters on Pico, we are going to be doing Critical Role Live, same time, 700pm Pacific Standard Time, but we are going to do it in front of a live audience. There tickets that are going to be up at 630pm, which it's already past. The link is in the chat, and the things you need to know The doors will open at six, the show will start at seven, we will be done by ten. We always say that, but that never happens. And the people that will be there, there will be a 30 minute Q and A, in-person, live afterwards. That's right. There's a general admission amount of tickets. I think there's only 167 tickets because it's our first time trying this and there are 62 VIP seats that are super close. There'll also be a meet and greet involved afterwards, but it'll be like a super luxurious Critical Role package. And you'll get super sweet swanky stuff. Hopefully, one of many to come, but there has to be a first step. Yes, it will still be on the stream. It's still being streamed, but live. That's it. Quick signing, meet and greet for VIPs only, that's all I got. There will be more details as we get closer, but July 14th. Tickets will go fast. God be with you. You got to keep going until the credits start. Yes. Are we hoping to see the water tower when we arrive? Who? That's our ultimate goal, so it really makes me happy to hear that we were able to confuse the ear. One performance to the next. Thanks. Yeah, Throat Coat with a little bit of honey? Allen, do you mind actually if I sit? It was a boss leg-day yesterday, and I'm smashed. Is that cool? If you don't mind, it keeps me from wandering. Just get the puppet show so far. The one with our name on it, right? I say we knock on the Vargarth's door and feed them their broken promises. Is that how you're going to do it? Anything for me? I say we knock on the Vargarth's door, and feed them their broken promises. If you'd pay attention to it-- No. And just better overall. I say we knock on the Vargarth's door and feed them their broken promises! Did you feel that, too? See, you make them fight amongst themselves. You know, sometimes you got to give them the really bad-- (laughs) Take another drink, you sounded a little smacky the last take. Maybe a little agitated? It's been a hot second. Yeah, I think they have little electric golf carts. Are we in ADR6? Can I grab the electric guitar-- Shit! No guitar! Nope! I run to the booth door and I bar the door. There's a lock, isn't there?! Pierce! Use the coffee! Scald them! Are his white New Balances covered with gore? No! Oh no! Do we have any signal? What about Wi-Fi? Okay! Taliesin, go see if anything is out there still. Why? That does not surprise me about you one bit. All right, I try and push-- -- the ceiling boards Mine's-- with a silent V? My intelligence sucks, you motherfucker! (laughter) No, that's true. We're going to try and push the ceiling part of the door up-- the jamb, see if we can relieve some pressure on the door. Sam's helping me, so we're bringing over the chairs to stand on-- With advantage. Ooh, baby, first roll! Oh god. That was terrible. 12. We are in Armageddon! What are you doing? Is the door to the studio open to the hallway? 17. Dead. What do you mean, no? The gold? Mine! Just to protect us, I'm going to go get the sword. Can I kill the dog with the sword? SAM and I'm going to go and try and grab the sword and come back to them real fast. Just grab all of them and run back to them. Eight? Unless there are any objections, I would like the giant maniac sword. A handful of gold when we run by! Oh, shit. If you're changing, let me know. I'll just cut you open now. That's it. I'm holding the tip of the sword towards Taliesin. I think he doesn't handle the apocalypse well. 800 milligrams? Can I go knock at the door? Taliesin, if you're cool, we got to go, otherwise-- Do you see the size of it? It won't notice. There are no such thing as dragons, okay? As we dart past, I snake down and grab a couple of coins. Six. Yes! I will sell you and be rich in the end in the post-apocalyptic world! What do you see? Go get her! That's it. This is where they do Blindspot post. Just in the room? If I open the door, will it flood the hallway? SAM and We'll do that. 15. I think we're outside. Okay. We traveled time, somehow. I take a mouthful, like maybe seven of them. You did archery at summer camp? How many arrows do you have? See if you remembered any of that stuff and take a shot at that horrible-looking thing that's moving through the water! He could be amazing. This could be Legolas we're talking about. If he misses, we throw him in the water. Take a shot at it! Ten! Natural 20! I'm out in front. 20! That's low for you, Taliesin. Have you ever rolled below a ten? I notice in my equipment-- I notice that I have a full gym bag in my equipment. Do I have it? I totally did. I would like to, with my movement speed of 35, I would like to draw its attention away from my beautiful bride and swing out to the right and try and move out to a flank so that I spread out its focus. One, two, three, okay. I'll move in front of my wife, how about that? Yeah, that's good. And from there-- I only have a sword. I can't do anything. Nobody carries dumbbells around! I take out a packet of protein powder, and I throw it-- But like a grenade, I tear the lid off. No, those are good. And then I throw it, like a (powder explosion), hoping to blind the beast. Okay. Eat building amino acids! 21! I think I made it stronger. It could be choking on it. You don't know. Just do it! Anime porn. Why not?! 12. That's a lot for me! You saw Aliens! Kill me! I'm up? I take the berserker sword and I take it with both hands and I start trying to shave the cheese off of my chest Natural 20! (laughter) What's the damage die for a maniac sword? Seven, 15 times two is 30. So I did four, and the damage type is plus four. So it was seven plus four. 11, times two. 22. Four and a three. 18. Did you kill it?! He's a pug; they don't swim well. Is this helping your headache at all? 14! Let's take a look from a vantage point. The tower's right here. We'll keep watch on the ground. Why don't I climb up? It looks a little dangerous. I don't know if you should go up there. Use the sword on the door? Yeah, I bushwhack them. All right. 12! There's a door under there! Can I try the door? Okay, there are termites. Do we go up? That's what you get if you look at Twitter your whole session. (laughter) We're going up. SAM and How's he doing? I step there, anyway. (laughs) Nine! It's The Last of Us, dude. It's all over. I think we should eat Taliesin and move on. That's right! We heard her voice say in the cafeteria! Let's use the building to get towards the cafeteria. Is he melting yet? (whispering) Why are we carrying the dog? I'm pretty sure your friend's dead! Single, really? I don't ever really look at those things. You told them it was vocally stressful, right? You got gold in your pocket right now. You and I have dinero. He was covered with that goo. Noah's coming. Is there anything linking the rooftops of the two buildings? Any old power lines or power poles that may have fallen over? 20. It seems like this is as high as we go. I have a jump rope in my gym bag. Yeah, it's like seven. No, six feet. 21. This is some Stephen King-type shit. I feel like in some alternate dimension, we're killing ourselves right now. Before we cross the street? Yeah, that's not a bad idea. Not as much. Like, bagel schmear? I hate staying in one place for too long. Maybe we just make a run for it. Why? I am super fast. That would make me much less fast. No. He said please. I just want respect. We're sneaking through the grass because we're a bunch of pusses. Suck it! I've never been so stealthy in my life! 20. I've got Taliesin on my back. Taliesin is on mine. I see my wife take off running, and I turn around and I elbow Taliesin in the head, and I take off running after her! (laughing) Okay. Natural 20! You okay? Are you okay? Looks like you got hit in the head. I do, in the bag. Yeah, I may have some shorts in there or something. You want to light my shorts on fire? All right. I light his thing. You're only on season two! Oh shit! Don't take my pencil! You're killing it! Let's go! Sam, I told you to tell your wife to conserve water during her showers! Jesus! There's nothing left, man! Same tall grass? We need some of the happy slime from Ghostbusters II. He's like 6'5". This will be a foe. Bro. I mean. I mean, I guess so. Why don't you switch agencies? Nine. Speak for yourself. I've been training my whole life for this. Come on, tentacle dick motherfucker! You could only do one worse. Same roll! I fear no creature, and I would like to use my full movement to rush towards the nearest foe. Whatever's closest. Lemur, come here you little motherfucker! And I take the giant maniac sword and I'm going to swing it in a downward arc at it. I'm going to use all my movement to go up and glare. A sliver of humanity! Wait, did Conan cast that on me? 19. Stop slapping me! Damn wildling. We've got to kill him. (yells) Stop hitting me! Please! Automatic crit with quadruple damage? Twin! Twinnie! Yeah, he heard your words! He's pulling up the app! Thank you! I stand up from being stunned. How high in the air is Conan? (laughing) Okay. Can I run directly underneath him? And I'm going to take the sword and go (panting, grunt). 14! It doesn't hit me though, right? 12. Bitch! How many more Liams are there? One hit point. Instantaneous. Like a cheerleader! Statue of Liberty! I feel like your dentist tells you not to eat this. Brutal! The yellow lion shirt! Can I make my way to where Sam is? I turn to Conan O'Brien and I say, will you accept a sacrifice for mercy? I turn to Sam, and I try to cut one of his arms off. A ten! I think I missed! I make the hard calls! That's right. That was just to see what he would say, buddy! It's 12. You brought the dog into this! What?! Kill Conan! Don't worry about Sam! He'll be fine. He's frozen! You would save Sam? I look down at his frozen body and I say, he was never good at the cold reads. And I fucking stab him. Do I automatically crit? Since you're down, it's two death saving throws. I already tried! Oh, good! Hurry, Laura, run! I'll get Sam! Whoa! (belches) You damn Irishman! You'll pay for that! I finally take the sword, and I swing wild like a maniac! I won't hit you. 15. Ooh! 16. Yes. Actually, it's 14. Hey, justice! 12. 22. Pull that shit together! How much was the damage? Eight? Oh! In what manner?! I walk up and I take his giant orange pompadoured skull, and I stick it in the gym bag. So wait, somewhere forward in time, it's just the four of us, right? Over the next day, I kill Taliesin and Sam and start the new human race. Who gives a fuck? Yeah! Liam! Great job, man! Oh my god, we have time left. Do we take questions? You did a great job. As long as manslaughter is all that they charge-- Both of them. -- Critical Role on an international tour? Baby steps. Totally. I don't think Grog knows. Why would I count those things? No, I just know once a year, people give me sweet things and cake. Get your hand off me. Sam, what about you? Next question. That's true. You can find him at Emerald Knights. Scanlan. It is. (gasps) Any plans to come to Nashville, Tennessee? I work for the Titans and could possibly do something cool for you guys. If the Cowboys are playing the Titans, maybe we will. I'll take it. I did. I played some college ball. Tight end, a button, a bootleg to the left. No, I'm catching the ball. Question. Will Vax and Gilmore ever end up together? Yeah. Pretty bad. You killed it, man. It was awesome. Taliesin, what kind of things do you have in your car for this sort of scenario? There was a question that said, how much do you all love Hamilton? Right now, we're all obsessed. Oh, good question! Sam, how much time do you spend on your goblet? Do you guys jump on the shipping bandwagon or is it completely weird for you? We just watch. We just watch and admire. We are not seeing Hamilton before Lin leaves. Who is more useful, Bixby or Trinket? Critical Role the Musical's still a ways off. It's still under development. It's following the Lin-Manuel thing. It's a seven-year timeline. Started my own goliath barbarian. You're welcome. Oh, it said, if you guys get the airship, who would be the captain and what positions would you man? I was a fighter. Not a paladin or a barbarian, but a fighter. LAURA and And we lived! We lived! He does. Yeah. It all comes from a beer mug. Or one of his appendages. Grog's got too much love to single it out for one person. Liam, would you hire me as a voice actor? No, that was a question from the chat. Laura, do you think stealing the broom was enough to change alignments? Liam, did it go better than you expected? Were you nervous DMing for your friends, and would you be open to doing it again? We are totally looking forward to the live show, by the way. Anybody that can join us will join us. We hope to do that and much more, so hopefully, it'll be a good starting point. It's on the bottom of your-- It's on the bottom of your damn tankard. Not a question. Tickets were gone in minutes. Sometimes it breaks, yeah. What was Craven Edge's full stats? This is a good question for a bunch of nerds. Favorite musical besides Hamilton? LAURA and My first love was Phantom. Yeah, it was fifth grade. I would say, besides Hamilton, it's Once for me. Would you be able to survive in the world that Liam just created as yourselves? I was trying to kill Sam. Look at it! It was at the bottom of the sheet. Liam wrote it in! Roll for deception check! I didn't use Second Wind. Are there any hashtag questions? Very hairy baby. Hairy baby! I would kill the green dragon. Yeah. Actually, we want to turn him to our side. I mean, I can't really answer that at once, it's a complicated question. But if you stay tuned every Thursday at 700pm, you might learn the answer. Those are different voice actors. There was a good question that said, does doing so much VO in video games decrease or increase your enjoyment of playing them? Sam, this is a question for you. Or, if you do a lot of porn, would you watch it when you're getting off? To answer your question, we do love playing the video games. Meet and Greet will be for VIP tickets at the live thing. I saw that one. Yeah, there's going to be a 30 minute Q and A afterwards, and then we'll have a short meet and greet backstage where people can shake hands, get stuff signed. I think the VIP seats are the first three rows of the theater. We had to have some sweet internet signal for tech reasons, so we're doing it in a movie theater with stadium seating. We're going to have a stage on the floor while we project it on the movie screen. It'll be great. We'll narrate it. What is the scariest moment for you so far in the Critical Role campaign? I would say, I didn't want to die by Kevdak's hand, I thought that was going to happen. I would almost be okay with dying at any other moment, I just didn't want to die at that point. It was great for the story. Will we dress as our characters at the live show? We only wear those outfits on the weekends when we have parties with each other. Let's take a couple more. We've got a couple more minutes. You put our life at great risk often. I had to chase after you and save you like I do every day. It was okay. Yeah, I was proud. That was good, yeah. That was good. You mapped out that studio perfectly. Do you ever feel like Mercer is picking on you? LAURA, TALIESIN, and Sam, your old Les Mis audition got posted on the internet recently. Is there any other old work that you would like to see come to light? I remember that commercial. Where you were the dweeb, right? Hot Cheeto. You broke it off, man! I was shocked! Let's take two or three more and we'll wrap it up. The live game will be streamed, and if the first live show goes really well, then maybe we will make it to other cities for live shows, but it's super early on. VIP is sold out. I will never give my allegiance to the Green Bay Packers. Do the Titanstone Knuckles level up any higher than they already are? I keep seeing GenCon. We'll just say stay tuned. I keep seeing this one. I don't always play a warrior type in video games. I get to play various other things. We all get to stretch every once in a while. Yeah. Was there a joke earlier? Did somebody joke? Am I a joke right now? What's it like living with a dragon? Dangerous. Keep her fed and let her sleep. Do you have any character regrets you wish you could do over? That's a good one, yeah. That'll be the last one. There have been a couple, yeah. As long as you're still alive, there's no looming regrets. But there have been after the immediate game moments where you're like, oh, if I'd just done this instead, I was thinking of it and I pussed out. We jumped into a big hug afterwards. I wish I had smashed that skull. Last bonus question. Pirates or ninjas? Ninjas take it three to two. All right, we're done! Liam, you are our temporary DM for the night.