Light this candle. Okay, I like this. (laughing) The hoodie and the T-shirt! T-shirts in stock, one more week. How do you want to do this? T-shirts are now available for something. Pre-order? Are you-- 'Cause the twins are by themselves, right? Yeah, yeah. Ah, so we're all apart. Yeah, you and Grog are kind of your own pod right now. Oh, hi Grog. Hey. I just forgot you were-- Just us chillin'. (laughing) About to split some skulls. You know what, I'm gonna pause, I'm gonna pause. Jesus. Okay, I'm on the wall, right? I don't know. Yeah, he is, yes. He's dead. (laughing) Yeah, he's dead. Okay, well, hopefully it works. I don't know how well this is working-- Just a pro-tip, Vax, what would you say is the number one thing to keep in mind when fighting someone like me? My cousin? Your cousin, I mean. The one I recognize because I, the only one I've met. Giant eagles? Okay, I'm gonna go find a perch on the other side of the gate. And I'm gonna find a nice little sniper's nest. I'm assuming you have some clan members who might be druids, do you know? You're speaking really smart right now and it's confusing me. (laughing) Make sure you're hiding, Keyleth. I want to stealth, I kind of want to hunker down against the wall and stealth. (heavy breathing, growling) (laughing) "Stonejaw!" (laughing) Two of them, of that group, start stepping backwards while the two guards that were stationed at the gate, they just go, "Cut him down." And they go into a run through the rest of, the ten, fifteen-foot area, around the center part of the gate out into the main area out front. As they begin stepping, (mimics footsteps) watching in the distance, you notice one foot crumbles through, and all of a sudden, the second foot, and the earth begins to just tumble out from underneath two of them. Three of them, four of them, five of them. All begin just, the first line, the first two groups, weren't even paying attention and focused on you as they charged through, they all begin to tumble inside-- Yes! The, uh, of the last four, two of them manage to stop in time to kind of catch themselves. Of all the ones that fell, though, the ones in front who originally got caught have no saving throw. They just plummet, screaming, down-- Two managed not to fall? That means toast for any of us. Yes! We did something right! Low moans of pain barely echoing up from underneath as the other ones, like, they grab the arms of the ones that are hanging over-- Are they clustered? They're clustered in, yeah. Ah! I want to take two-- I'm taking two... Where's my English? Trick shot push shots. Okay, go for it. Wow. All right, that will make them... Not too happy. And your turn? All right, throwing one dagger. Okay, and it's advantage in hiding... And it is 27 to hit. That hits, even with the cover. And it's... A sneak attack, and a surprise, so it's a crit, right? 'Cause I'm hidden underneath shit. 'Cause she hid us. (singing) Let the eagle soar! It swoops down and the talon strikes you, the talon's pushing you forward, that is gonna be a... 20? Your AC? Yeah, that hits. All right. You suffer nine points of piercing damage as its claws dig into you and attempt to throw you from the top of the wall. Suda. He's gonna... Not quite as-- Oh God, it's been so long since I used the... (laughing) Uh, that's 17. So the last attack was 18, plus 2 points of the fire damage, for 20. For 20, nice. Misses. Misses. That is a 24. Oh tiny dancer, you are fucked. (laughing) The pit. It might be, I think it's like 30 feet, I can't remember. Or maybe it's 20, I can't remember. It's a little less than that, we'll see. Drag him. I'd like to do that. Don't say it! (laughing) Misses. I look over and say, "Sit down, son, before you hurt yourself." (laughing) It's a 1. (laughing) Misses. (laughing) It's contested with your athletics. Oh. And I have to roll an athletics check? Yeah. (laughing) Okay, as you're holding him there, he goes, "You'll find out, won't you?" I take his neck and I smash my head into his nose. It just breaks and crumbles, his face is partially caved in, and you can see blood just running rapidly out of his nostrils where his bones were. "You won't be there to watch my discovery. "Are they in the city?" "Yeah, they're waiting for you." "Good, I'll let you fly now." And I kick him into the pit. (laughing) Come on, baby. Oh, fuck. "Stay on that trail! "If I see you again, and you ain't got "a dead gnome in your hands, "I'm gonna cut that head from its shoulders." All right, you have my word, we're gonna do-- see ya later! (laughing) "Strange one "All right." And two of them head back as one of them just kind of keeps their distance behind you guys, following you as you travel. You dart into the next alley. Kaylee's like " Come on, come on!" And as you guys duck into the shadows, everyone's pace quickens to the center of this alleyway, where there is... It seems like a large stack of partially emptied crates that contain, like, broken pieces of furniture, it's essentially a small dump in the area. Nothing food or, you know, refuse-wise, but there's definitely, like, this is a... A graveyard for broken furniture. But in the center, there is a small, cylindrical stone protrusion, and a grate on top. And Kaylee runs up. "Quick, quick, help me get this open!" At which point-- Doctor? Dr. Dranzel comes forward and goes, "Let me take care of this." Which is funny, cause Dr. Dranzel looks just like himself, but just all covered in... (laughing) Facepaint, you can't see his hat. It's... He's kind of enjoying this persona for a moment. He goes (spits, grunts) and strains as he pulls upward, straight. Natural 20! (cheers) Does he strain? Throws it aside-- Everyone can beat doors but us. (laughing) "And don't you forget it! "So, inside?" Yes, go, go, go. And they all start climbing in. Dranzel and Kaylee are helping get the peasants down inside first, at which point the one that was following you guys turns the corner in the alleyway and starts approaching from behind. This is the guy with the long black and grey beard. "You, where are you going?" That gnome again. One of us saw him go down this sewer. We're following. "I'm gonna have to come back and report this. "I don't trust it." "Hold on one second!" And I'm gonna cast Hold Person on him. Anything? We just gotta go in. Dammit! I'm gonna start making my way on the rooftops towards the center of the town, I'm like "I'm heading in, I'm keeping to the roof, "if I'm going to take any shots "I'll try and take them quietly." I fly up and I-- I go along the roofline with him. I fly up on the broom, and then I land on the rooftop and stealth. Okay. It's at this point in time you see the two giant eagles, the ones that took Keyleth off earlier. As you come up on your broom, it kind of sees you. (screech) Dang, girl. It's like softball, right? I'm just waiting. You guys watch as she just goes (falling sound, thud) (laughing) Like, there's a little-- Gonna ring that bell, are you? I'm gonna take a, gonna take a wing shot. Keyleth runs towards the girl who fell. If you miss, we move. Soaked in what? She made her choice. (laughing) Well, I'm gonna start rooftopping towards the center. If I see anything interesting going on in the city, I wanna stop and investigate. Ditto! Sneaking from rooftop to rooftop? If I can, can I do a bit of-- I'm gonna do that, for sure. Can I use acrobatics? You, this more of a, this isn't acrobatics, this is more of a jump. Because there are large, large city street gaps that are, like, 25 to 30 feet. Good job, Scanlan, mission accomplished. Yes, thank you, thank you. Are there buildings? It's so good to see you. We should get inside for a moment. We should. Is there a wine cellar or door or something that we can beat in, or a window? There are windows, you don't see a wine cellar in the immediate vicinity of this alleyway. Can I look in the window first? Yeah, you go ahead and glance in. Make a perception check. I see nothing. It's a 2. Yeah? They were dragging everyone out of every available door, and dragging them to the city, the center of the city. Why? Yeah. Yeah, it's like a thousand. (laughing) What time is it? Perfect. Last question I have. Do we know where Wilhand's residence used to be? We thought about seeing if maybe we could get to Wilhand's house. If we go to the center of town - Yeah. I'm not really thinking that far ahead. That's not that house. No. The Margrave's house is the one that's in the town square, and that's where Kevdak apparently has taken as his homestead. Right, and that's not the description. So we have to start this now, are we prepared? There are pluses and minuses to both thoughts. They have a bunch of innocent people who they may just start killing. Here's my question. If we wait, will they ever, theoretically, let them go? Or is it easier to just slit their throats? No, they won't do it for no reason. They don't even know where we are. Take a short rest if you want to. All right, let's take a short rest and we'll finish fleshing out this plan. Mile and a half? Yeah, about a 20, 25 minute walk north from where you are right now. It's a little ways... A little ways west of Noja's old store, and... Yeah, it's about 25 minutes. Would you like to go first and see if he's there? I'm good either way. We're okay. Well, so if we cut off the head of the snake, there's no issue. (sighs) Let's do it, let's go towards-- And he is a very powerful cleric, if we do find him. So it would be nice to have some extra help. He may already be there. And if he's, I feel like we should go town, because that's a lot more people than one person. Is his house near where we're going, or no? You don't need to. I do have a question. Nah, never mind. Are you attuned out, maybe? The AC goes to 21. Hello. We believe in you. Okay. I'm going to cast Aid. I can't lose! We're good. Okay. Everyone's good? Just walking through. All right. Jesus. You grab her, pull her back, draw the blade across the throat. With a slight muffling sound, she begins to bleed out. Still fighting and tensing against your body. Seeing that, I'll switch my spell to the halfling. (laughing) Not necessary on the elf anymore. That's the Myth Carver. It's one d8 plus three? You lot are so funny. You know, I think I saw something running behind that pile of horse shit over there, if you want to check it out, too. (laughter) Silence, no response. Recognize any of those heads? Well, it would be such a shame. It seems all of you would be missing out on the greatest show of your life. You see, in this bag, I carry the very thing that will topple the mighty Kevdak. You know what I remember? I remember a herd that nations used to part for, I remember a herd that towns used to quake and run from, I remember a herd that was so proud and dangerous, they would never hole up in a shit-stick city like this. But what do I see when I come here? Kevdak prancing up in a place like this and what, bending the knee to a dragon? How far you have fallen. Now, if you have any honor in you at all, you'll take me to Kevdak and you will see what I have for him. And then maybe, just maybe, you can call yourselves warriors again instead of piss pot squatters. There's a moment of pause, as all the Goliaths who are approaching have stopped in their tracks. You can see their neck muscles tensing as they're kind of ringing their fingers across the handles of their various weapons. At this point, Greenbeard takes a moment and (laughs evilly) "You sound like your cousin, Zanror." "The two of you enjoy a night drinkin' in the hole. "But sure, you want to go ahead and talk to the big man." "Let's see you say that to his face before he crushes it." "Call him out. Thunder Lord, you've a visitor!" 17. 17. (dramatic music) As you guys begin this fray... No Trinket, yes Trinket, what are you doing? Trinket is staying in. 18. Oh, 17 is the wisdom saving throw. For that one, do you remember if that one is a-- And it did. Hey man, at least I can say I didn't die without it working once. Okay. They do hit. Where the fuck is it? Oh, there it is. 10, 15, 23, 23, oh 23 plus... Five, so 28 with the fire damage on the first one. And the second one... 17. 17, okay. As you slam, whack, whack, with the flaming war hammer, twice into the oversize Kevdak's chest, each hit hits, but Kevdak is just barely pushed back by each and the damage, even the fire damage, seems to be taken down by his raging capabilities. The impacts aren't doing as much damage as you hoped they would. Hits. Second one. 28 to hit again, with the minus five. Reduced? Reduced by half, so that brings it to 27. Plus an additional ten points of necrotic damage that you do not reduce. Which I get advantage on. Yep, I'll do that. Yeah, that'll hit. (laughter) Okay. Not Great Weapon Master. But it's 30, so it's going to do an additional superiority die of damage on top of this. Nine? Eight plus two necrotic, so 10 total. And I need you to go ahead and make a strength saving throw. That's my AC. I was not expecting that. He was so much more powerful than what... Yeah, I was not expecting that. I think it's going well. I think we've got him right where I want him.