Are we cutting to that title camera so they can see the addresses? It was cold (laughs). It was real cold. Lord Taliesin! Can you put the first one up again, because we didn't get the Pamela Joy title-- yeah. It's the only one we missed. They were so instrumental and did such a lovely job. We have so much, you guys, so much. Bigger than I thought it'd be! Yay, Pike! Look at that! Look at that. Yeah, we all have one. I'm going to stay as long as I can. Cry forever. I think that's one of the Vestiges. Yeah, yeah, do it again! Do that shit again, please! I'm really sorry about that. No. No, I didn't. I was floating away, you should've seen the inside. It was wind everywhere. Yeah. And I was like, what would my buddy Pike do? She would take the sword and attach the chain to it and throw it through the door! And then you were there! Yeah, but you're my best buddy! Do you want one of my healing potions, are you sure you're all right? Yeah! What do you mean? It's magic time of day? Towards the campsite? Please, I'm handsome as fuck right now, come on. Like a fine wine. Yeah, I got aged. Well, she was. Young again? Oh, I don't cast that. Yes. (emphatically) Yes. So I lose all the buffs, right? Natural 20. I don't have anything to feed you. (exhales) All right, all right, all right. What? I'm so hungry. My stomach's rumbling. What? My stomach? Yeah, I would not turn down some delicious boar. Do I get a level of exhaustion back or no? Long rest? Fuck! That should've been at disadvantage. 5% both times. I can't hide. Disadvantage still? 11. No, no. No. (clears throat) What'd you do to me? I like gnomes, I don't know! What? Why am I down here? I did my classic ten-minutes-later remembering-the-rules shit. Nine! No, I didn't. No. What, when? My sword is-- where is my sword? What do you mean?! Wait, wait. Where is my-- where's Craven Edge? Hey! Hey, Percy! Percy! Well, I mean he's obviously messing with other people's property! And I walk over to the sword. What? Let what-- But it's my sword. I mean, Percy gave it to me, but it's mine. Yeah, we traded. Fair and square. I'm still a bit fuzzy. Like I mean, you know, we fought the sphinx, it got super-gnarly, and then we took a little rest and you-- did you see it shrunk? Well, how did I get out of there? Oh, like just now? Why do I taste ale, and whiskey? I mean, I didn't know if I'd thrown up in my mouth, and like swallowed it. Look, guys, I can carry it at least. Well, now, that's really judgmental. Yeah. Yeah! Only four of us. Look, it's been a great ally! Well, that's a bit strong, don't you think? Look, look! Okay. Look, if you get bucked off a horse, right? You don't kill the horse, you just train it up a bit. Let's just work with the sword. Ah. Well. Yeah. Right. Bone? Titanstone? Well look, hey, look, all right, fine, look, I won't touch it. But can we like at least figure out what it was doing? Lord Briarwood had it, I asked it a few questions, like if it knew Vecna. And we just got to see it level up a little bit. It's always hungry, right, so it likes to be, it likes what I do-- What? What, I'm hungry too! I said I was sorry, I really-- Oh, well I choose the group, I mean, I voted I was uncomfortable as well. Well, I don't just want to destroy it. Yeah, but I could use it on Kevdak. Well look, the last I remember was it said it was hungry. If it gets hungry again, I'll just give it something to eat. No, like my thigh or something. No, I would just stab it. Kevdak has the Titanstone Knuckles. It's a Vestige that we're looking for, right? It's going to be a hell of a fight, and this is a hell of a sword. All right, hold on, Pike. Look. If we're going back to Kevdak. You know I'm not scared of death, right? I would die by a dragon, I would die by a beholder, and I wouldn't care, as long as it was a beautiful death. But I don't want to die from Kevdak. Not him. All right. Fine. Do what you want with it. I don't need it. This is an empty cup. I throw the cup away and just take the cask. Can I make like one little suggestion that doesn't involve it coming back to me? I had a thought that since Lord Briarwood had it before, that every time it killed it might've been sending that life back to Vecna? But I don't have any proof of that, you know, I just remember being in that room with all the bodies, with the little sphere of-- the little dough button in the middle of the room. Or really cool? I'm at one hitpoint. I could just take a healing potion. (sings) I feel amazing. Not if I'm wielding it. Yeah, go for it. We've got a backup if there's something wrong. What? How could I have been so foolish? This whole time, that fucking blade has been using me! Yo, guys, update. That sword is totally evil. Yeah, I'm not cravin' bacon anymore! And there was a dagger that came with it. LAURA, MARISHA and (laughs) I'm fucking with you. I'm super exhausted-- No, I'm like Northrop Grumman meets Raytheon in this Bag of Holding, we're good. Oh no, I just gave them to you, though. What about if I trade you, what if I trade you-- I have Boots of Levitation. Or I have black iron plate that while wearing this heavy plate armor the bearer gains resistance to any fire damage. I bet if you levitate you'd just be floating above the ground. Yeah, yeah, that's fine, I'll take care of that. Yes! We'll discover electricity with you, you're a great conductor. Oh. That's true. Which one you want? I'll take my Gauntlets of Ogre Power back, strength back up to 19. Way to go, badass. No problem, man. Long. In the mouth of the cave. Take ol' wrinkly-nuts over there. (laughs) I'm in the training room in my sandpit sleeping bed. The full one? Oh, fuck you! (laughter) No. No, no, I can make really good origami now. Can I try and take out the flaming warhammer, the Firebrand Warhammer? Can I get it to light? Can you hear me? (laughter) The silent type. I like it. (laughter) This is a lot to leave off, that's a lot. To not have. That's a big fucking difference. You don't know. Oh, well, if only I'd used my Identify spell. I didn't even know people could do that. Oh, right, remember there was a lake when we were looking for the heart of a nymph? Yeah, there's a portal there, right? And isn't one of the vestiges in the Fey? Yeah. Yeah, only if it's close, otherwise I'm good to go back to Westruun. Only if the lake was close, I don't know where it is. I'm still there, right? No, we took a long rest! 28. Yeah, she's back! Let's run. I pick up Pike, I put her on my shoulder, and we run. 24. 21. We get to play that shit again, right? Yeah, poke the DM. (glass shatters offscreen) Pike! Are you all right? What time is it? No. No. I like what Percy said, I think there's worth in being clever. I would actually like to maybe run some ideas by you. We don't walk into town, but we have the town walk out to us. Well, look, so there are people in there that are innocents, right, we told the farmer we'd get his people back and I really want to see if Wilhand's all right. So listen. How do you feel about sending someone in that would draw out their worst? Oh, it's about all we do. Well, it wasn't really an official fight, it was more of like a one-sided ass-whooping. Yeah. We're going to get to that later. I was thinking maybe we could set a fire and send someone running in and say there's a roving band of orcs that are challenging the goliaths, and then when they come out and leave we can move into the town and get all the innocents out. And then if we want, we could set a trap, or an ambush, or we could play some mind games, but I want to try and get the town clear first. No no no no. Just a few. Well, look, if it's not Kevdak, we get a practice round on those that do come out. Well, so you know how last time when we went over there and Horace was just outside the city walls? I'm pretty sure if we wait for a bit, somebody will come out, we take him, we mess him up real good, maybe take his tongue out, chop off his arms, and then send him back in. I mean, I'm open to augmenting that plan a little bit. No, like I said before, if I go in there-- I'll hold him while somebody else can rough him up, but-- Well, pretty smart, they're all like me. Yeah, scholars the lot. Well, my math is a little shoddy, but I think that would be me. Maybe, but-- (sighs) So, here it is. My whole life has been wanting to punish or get back at Kevdak. I don't want to do it cheaply, I don't want to do it quickly. I want to do it with my own hands. Now, I'll do it with my family, do it with my buddy Pike, but I want it done right. No, I can guarantee you, no one will interfere. I like that. Oh, wait a minute. Right, so they think I'm dead. Maybe I let them think I conquered death. Maybe we let them think that I'm not the same Grog I was before. Maybe we let them think I've gained abilities. Yeah, yeah, but I mean like-- Yeah. But they don't have to see where those abilities come from. All they've got to see is me. There are roofs, right, I mean it's like two- and three-story buildings all in that city. Yeah. You guys get all up on the roofs while I'm making a scene in the middle and we pull off the greatest stage show there's ever been. If I do a pelvic thrust, will you do your-- Holy shit. "I will grant you cock lightning." Three. I don't want it. I have the Gauntlets of Ogre Strength. I have the flaming-- Yup. And the belt. What's the other? Oh, and my-- Actually, the flaming warhammer's not attuned. It gives me plus two to my AC. Get in place. I mean, I could try and do it while you're getting the hostages out, or we could just take down the snake's head. I do know how to get his pride in check. Why, who said something? No. No, I made a choice. This is my family. My old family left me to die. Yeah, I mean, and either way, I like that because either way, if only the pawns of the group follow him out? That's fewer goliaths we have to worry about. Best-case scenario, Kevdak, Zanror, and the best of the baddies chase him out, we can get the hostages out, and then set the trap for when they come back. Will it? I thought they only fly over every few days. If there are no wyverns, are you open to the idea of gerbil-ball Scanlan doing a thing? Yeah, and if we get close, hopefully we can ask somebody that's nice if they've seen any dragons and how long it's been since. That's brilliant. Yep. I like it. I'm game. What's that? I mean, look, we're going to find out one way or the other. I don't know. But look. Yeah! No, look, he's wearing weapons given by a god. I don't care if it's a totally fair fight, I just don't want to dispatch him cheaply. SAM, TALIESIN, and Oh. Thank you. We have that really nice high grass, right? Not like cornstalk high. I'd like to stay there, I'd like to stay in those areas. That's good. 19. Oh. 29. He rolled anyway. 13. Did we pass the area that we were at before, where the farmer, Frederick? Did we see him? Reggie. Reginald, sorry. Horace. Horace. Do they? I think they thought it was him. We should've sent him off to the camp. I agree. LAURA and I don't think they did either. Five questions. Vax. Make it count. Yeah. Do I understand that description? I was wondering. Kevdak's son. Does come. One more question, can we ask if he's seen the dragon or how long it's been? We thank you for your time. If we may, how long has it been since the dragon was last here? Two days, it's coming back. Okay. I would too, and I'm the smartest of them all. No, we're going to put him back up. So am I the only one that, while we wait, is itching for a fight? I'm sorry, look, it's just who I am. Too soon. Okay. Yeah. Zanror. It's spelled-- it's spelled like this. And then like it sounds. Nah. Not any longer. Nobody look, nobody look. Don't you look! Don't you look. Don't you look. We got to wait for her to finish, because the night is young. Oh, fuck. No windows? Okay. From the three that were walking around? What did the other two do? We can use that. Well, I haven't had my morning shit yet, but as soon as I do-- I don't think I need it this time. (laughter) What, you really got to go? All right. Yeah, then we do it. And we do it the way we said. Right? Now here's the thing. Sorry. Well, hold on, what were you going to say? So if we try and build that trench outside, right, we risk being seen and then pop goes the weasel. If you go in-- Well, what, can you go in looking like me, or can you go in looking like me on fire? Can you conjure just me, or could you be me as a walking flame? Oh I know, this is like a one-time thing for me, so I figured I'd just do it rockstar. I just want to see what it looks like. We'll stand down from that idea, it was just a thought, no problem. If we want to do the trench, we have to wait for nightfall. I'm all right with that. Can I hear your best undead Grog? It's amazing, it's like a verbal mirror. So, if we do the trench, though, we have to-- Percy-- Percy, what was your idea? If we do the ditch for the people that're coming out of the city, we waste it if it's not Zanror and Kevdak. If we go in-- I don't know. Last thing I remember, I was looking up at my father. And the rest of my Herd. He made no move to save me. Way back in the beginning. It's a repressed memory, all right? He comes up never. No. If I walk in, I want to walk in on my own. As the distraction, right? Yeah, go ahead. Right. This is your trick. You pick. Anything that moves. But he can't move if he's wearing the boots. Can I ask this? Let's say we pick this gate where she's digging out this ditch. What is the terrain like on the outside of the wall next to that gate? Zero cover. Past 30 feet from the wall, from the edge of town, what kind of cover is there? Is there any? Not even the tall grass? This is an important thing we need to remember. As we're doing all this, let's just assume that we're us and this'll all go tits-up real quick. We're going to be a fucking long way away from you before we can come to help. We should at least find a forward operating base, a place where we can watch this unfold from cover and figure out how far away we are from the first act of our show. How far away are we from the entrance now? Wait a minute, are there sewers in Westruun? I don't know. Yeah, I hadn't thought of that. Look at those eyes. Don't say a thing, don't say shit. Come on, what are you doing? Yes! I like it. Perfect! Perfect, perfect. Jesus. That was a hell of a 50th. Fuck's sake! It's going perfect! It's going perfectly. We are still on the rails. It is working.