Smells like twenties. Natural twenties. I'm working on it. I'm polishing. Yeah, I'm working on it. I'll go get him! It's really pretty. And it makes it hard to eat. He's already here. Any other announcements we should make, you fucking-- cookie-- pass arounder? Cookie distributor? (muffled) Super cute and funny. It's like the devil. Say his name and he will appear. You look like you literally came from the set of Mad Max. Did you just witness? Did he tell you he loved you, or what? We're locked in! The Quick and the Dead. We have two weeks? I had a question. Could I go around lifting up various wagons and maybe ponies, working out to try to increase my strength? (laughter) Yeah! Or you know, I pick up a hammer in the morning. Yeah! Yeah! Oh shit, three of them. That's a 24. That's a 22. 22. 24, 22, 22. (laughs) As anything. Might as well get a show out of it. I don't feel like I should take this. It's a lot of money. How about you refill my cask of ale instead? And you give me one gold piece so Vex doesn't kill me. I'm a very stringent businessman. Do hurry before I change my mind. I don't understand this practice. It tastes like shit. Tastes fucking horrible. (gasps) Two?! One for each arm, eh? All right, the one that I have, I'm not stopping, until it's completely empty. Bring your goblets and cups. It's time to get fucked up. Oh Vex, I made gold. Oh, I got it for fixing a bunch of shit around town. Are you going to taste it? But how do you know if it's gold if you don't taste it? Shit. I'm going to pull one over on her one of these days. Can you make things look like they're gold? You can? I've had my thought for the day, there's nothing else. It's a standby TV symbol right now. That's all I got. Those are bracers-- Grog will believe whatever you say. I do have the Amulet of Armor. Can't remind me of these things. I know how you work it, it's swish and flick. Fireball. What if a non-spellcaster uses a wand? Nothing, right? Should we try it? I am a walking crash test dummy. I mean, we can try it. It'll be fine. Yeah! I think everybody does-- until they don't. (laughing) That's like Sistine Chapel! She liked it. 5,250. I can tame it. What does it say? LAURA and Do you want to put it in the Bag? You don't want it in the Bag? The silent treatment. (laughs) Whoa. Percy, how's that sword working out? Is it? Look, I have this one-handed Dragonslayer Longsword if you want to get used to a bit of badassery before you move up to the big leagues. I know you've got that dinky piece of shit you've been using this whole time. (whispering) Dragon-slayer Longsword. Trade! What the shit? Grog. Is that what this is? Do you have a female setting? (laughter) There's a power that comes with you? What kind of power? Sounds pretty good. The shadows? Fuck yeah. (laughter) Do you have a name? Do I call upon you? Can I call you Bacon? Right. Yep. Was totally kidding about the bacon, Craven Edge. Well, I'm excited about this partnership. Clearly we will be a force to be reckoned with. By the way, can other people hear you? Shit. I haven't even read it yet. No. I can't read! (laughter) Give me a bear cookie. Yeah, it was badass. Thank you. Yes. I haven't eaten for a full day. Yep. Arm wrestling! (laughter) He'll get used to that. Does anyone want to get down to the pie contest? I thought I might arm wrestle first. I'd like to arm wrestle, in case I need to eat my way out of sadness with pies. Yeah. Yes! Yeah, I do! (excited gasp) Good man. Duke Gonad. Yay, Scanlan! And the phone came out. I sit down and I say, I feel really bad for you mate. You know, my friend? He's got hand herpes... So do I. 20! 19 plus one! I mean, you're a farmer, right? You handle food. 21. 11. Oh, shit. Seven. 23. Eight. 17. It's slippery when the pores start to seep. That's a one. 22. 22. You know, the cure for that is actually on my man Vax's groin. It's very magical. I look at Gonad over at the side. I drink it, chug it down, and hold up the finger at the same time. Her name's Trisha? Trish the Dish. Well, get used to disappointment, shithead. If I may, thank you for your service to this city. That last round was a true pleasure to watch. Aye. (Schwarzenegger accent) Yah, what's the matter, Dylan? You guys ate too many pretzels? Eight. Six. Yeah, it's laughing in the Bag of Holding. I'm so surprised by what's happening. I use Intimidating Presence on her. Fuck. 12. I'll go into a rage for it. I was hoping I wouldn't need it! it doesn't add anything to my strength roll, right? I'm like, oh! (grunts) and I bite down on my tongue and blood just starts to pour out of the corner of my mouth. Fuck. (laughing) It's unreal. 11. The other one was a one. She's battle-worn. 19. 19. Do I have advantage? No. 12. Fine ditties! 16. Seven. (laughing) I don't know! They're so low! It was all those free rolls during the two weeks when I rolled 20-- Seven. This is unreal. You are a true warrior and I hope you'll continue to protect this city with that strength. I walk away (coughs), coughing (coughs), trying not to cry. (coughs) I take my tankard and splash it on my face. Oh, it's just ale. It's just ale. (sobs) You don't want me in my pajamas because they're-- Yeah, there's another one, right? Badass. You take it with you and you can zoom back to wherever you left it. A person or linked? Please? Are you blushing? It's a new demon, isn't it? The blushing demon! Yeah! The other members-- Vax, Pike, and Scanlan-- set out to find where the cistern could have drained to. Scanlan leaves to seek out a map of the sewers, while Vax and Pike notice they are being followed through the town. Leading the pursuers into an alley, the shadowed figures attack, eventually knocking them both out. Vax and Pike awaken within the Clasp's headquarters, meeting with one of their leaders, or Spirelings, named Modeth. The Clasp had Sir Gregory's home under surveillance, as bad political stuff can be difficult for the way the Clasp does business, and when our heroes were spotted leaving, they had to be interrogated. Vax reveals his membership to the Clasp sect in Westruun, and Modeth calls for a test of their skills and intent. Pike and Vax are then forced to do battle with a chained chimera in the Clasp's arena. Their might rings true, and the beast falls beneath their weapons, but Modeth is not convinced. While the two are held overnight, they manage to escape from the Clasp's lair, exiting into the night and managing to locate the rest of the party in the Graveyard district. Knowing their next step is to speak with General Krieg, Vax forges a letter of summons using Sir Gregory's handwriting, and the party is allowed entry into the carefully guarded Cloudtop District, the innermost area of the city and home to the Citrine Garrison, as well as Emon's Palace. Approaching the garrison, they have an audience with General Krieg, who seems nice and keenly interested upon learning of the Clasp's involvement. He also mentions the difficulty in talking with Uriel since the attack, and is sad about the death of Sir Gregory, but warns to leave the investigation to the officials. Vox Machina then heads to the palace to try their hand at speaking with Uriel, but entry is barred. They find another is being prevented from entering, a golden-haired woman in fancy blue robes who angrily stomps away from the palace doors. They engage her in conversation, and she reveals herself to be Allura Vysoren, a powerful arcanist and member of the Tal'Dorei Council. They discuss the state of things within the palace, how Uriel is a good and trusted man, but his actions (and those of the Empress Salda) are recently suspect. After seven days of being kept from the council chambers, she's about to give up and leave. The party tells her of their findings, and Allura leads them to her tower within the district to further discuss the matter in private. Do you want me to join? Yeah. Yeah, okay. So I reach in and take out the big bronze pot. You can give that back to me. Oh shit. Oh, I'm not eating. I thought it was just you two guys. Wow. 300 gold! Oh! That's so wrong! With advantage, because it's meat? He gets to sleep on the bed. There was some mold in those pies! Very appropriate. A flatterdesplat. She is. Revenge achieved! Is it far? Re-gift! Feels good! Overlord, Overlord. Let us live! It's like if suns meet. Yes! Oh no! I'm pretty sure I'm going to draw you a cock and balls. A big veiny triumphant bastard. He was so good at Halo. Let's let the gates open. Oh, actually--