Oh, come on! Get out of here! What about me? Oh, so in love with you right now. Backblaze never sounded so good. Holy shit. My musical boner for you is super rigid right now. (gasp) You're full of shit, right? I'm the smartest man alive. And she gets to sleep with barbarians whenever she wants. With the cloak? Yeah, otherwise she walked back in her individual footsteps and then laid down. The murderer who's shooting bullets. Oh, no. Well, Scanlan, throw it in the acid. (laughter) I agree with what Vax is going to say, we should move. First one of the night. Yeah? What, are you going to mix it with some spice and get high? Yup, here you go. True. And when we do, we should set a little ambush in case it sets off any alarms. Ripley's a piece of shit. Keyleth, don't soften the blow. She's a piece of shit. Nice job. (laughter) If she's anything like you, she might've paid someone to magically upgrade it for her. What do you want to do with it now? What's the plan? Yeah. Should I keep watch outside? I'll stand watch outside. (snoring) You have one ball? And thus ends Vox Machina. (laughs) Hm. That was hot. That was hot. Don't they have an airship here? Ooh, ooh. Aren't you two dweebs always wanting to steal an airship? SAM and Don't they have one here? SAM and So... Do I have to say the third thing, or are you going to get there? What? Road trip, bitches. Come on. We got to like, you know-- That makes sense. The only problem with that is she only has one now and if she has two, she might be a bit harder-- Are you genuinely afraid of her? Oh. The player on your right-- I actually agree with that strategy. It is a bit like fish in a barrel because she is limited by her speed. Wait, but play it out. How do we see where she is in comparison to a giant body of water? Look up at the stars? We're looking at her, right, not up, can we, like, go like that-- We could, but we might just be chasing, as long as we're all right with that. We'll just be chasing. Vax does have a point, though. If we're just chasing, we could get the jump on other ones. Let's get the gun unfucked, and we'll simmer on it. I got two chunks of whitestone in the Bag of Holding. I got a bunch of gems in the Bag of Holding. Gems, lots of gems. We don't even have to keep the agreement, come on. Just saying. We getting the gun un-fucked or what? Is he still tapping the coin? I take a very blatant look around. 13. There is a ceiling. They look pretty. Makes sense. Do you have any mead? Yeah, I'm just curious how much the mead is? My thanks. Enough. Glintshore. Yes. Are you trying to get me out of the room? The last one. Just call me Baracus, let's go. Yeah, Twins! Schwarzenegger and DeVito, at it again! (laughter) 17! Wait, before we ring Indala have you ever rented a skyship before? Oh really? So we're doing this like the straight and narrow way. Ooh, okay, I'll be quiet, you talk. Yeah, well. (singing) Indala, Indala Do you mind if I ring the bell? Can I ring the fucking shit out of that bell? Aww no, oh that's not too bad. 13. I think we're doing it right. Wow! Meep-meep! Green dragon unveils herself and we die. Shit, literally in the last place we would have looked. Yes, is there any way to book passage on the ship that's already moving northward? How fast is that smaller ship? Hmm, yes. Yeah, we are going to an ocean. Wait, why? Who's the captain? What did you end up drinking in that damn tavern? Mmm. Ledgers. Looking to leave quite soon. Yes. Yes! Oh, this is given from J'mon Sa Ord. Consider that in negotiation. Maybe some servants and some masseuses. Don't mind me, but I have violence on the mind at all times. Is there any customary weaponry or defense that you can put on this airship during our travels? Just in case we run into the same shit we did last time. Nice. Do they aim in all directions? Nice. Stand at the ready, our business is of great import. Can I ring the bell? But I don't grab it and ring it, I go (clang) one loud time. How many of your crew will you have with you? Just ballpark it. And I'm sure this crew is your finest. No greenhorns. Men you've spent years with, trust your life with. Most of them. How many do you not trust your life with? Perhaps she should stay behind on this voyage. She's coming with us. Don't worry about him, there's a hubbub down in the quarter. People talking. It's the gold armor. Yep. Good! We'll be back. Why did you ask him if he was single? That was so awkward. Yeah, I know, but he thought you liked him. Now we have to-- I thought you said that it's part of your winky, I'm like, that's not-- Boom. For free, bitch! On the house! I know. It's an AmEx Black Card. We make our way back. Yep. I'm with him. I'm with you. I don't know if this is where our friends are. Oh, okay. Play some music outside while you go number two? Is there a test on this later? Grab them. And then what? Just do what I do best when I see them? Outside? Cool. Should I have a code word if you know they're coming out, like-- Dijon. Can I go to the corner where I can see the front entrance and the side alley where I was and look and see if I see either of those two faces? This will go well. Total shit. Six. Cool. I'm looking at the wall. Burn it to the ground. Can I look around and see if I see the two faces now? 18. Put some money on red or black while you're in there. Just once. Yeah. No. Even in the middle of the day, the minimums don't go down? Well I've been to Harrah's! Take your finger out of my asshole, Gary. Do I see any half orcs outside? Damn it. You're sure? Really hard. You want me to use the gauntlets or no? All right, I take the Titanstone Knuckle off my left hand and I slap him. 18. I was so confused why a stranger would ask me to slap him. (laughter) We're back! Well, it's a very intricate and detailed process. Involves a lot of-- you know what? It'll be all over your heads, so just say thank you. "Our Damon pilot." You did! Now we can leave whenever we're ready. Yeah. She's hearing this right now. And three greater. The sorcery is strong with this one, apparently. (chuckles) You're fucked. The faintest nosebleed. Please, sir? Even though it's dusk, should we mount up tonight? Let's head to the skies. (singing) Indalla! Actually, if you don't mind, we're heading north. Once we're away from port, we plan to inform you of our destination. One thing before we do we forgot to mention that next week during Game the Game, thanks to Magic Puzzle Quest, Matt and Marisha, Taliesin, Liam, and myself will be joining Ivan and Becca for Game the Game, from 530 to 630, so make sure you tune in. It's going to be a very special Game the Game. Thank you, Magic Puzzle Quest. Yeah, we wouldn't want people to miss out. It's limited run. And the mug, which is my favorite. Okay, now we're good. Yes, and all hands on deck. 19. She dies. Captain. Who is it that's in charge of your seaworthy navigations? The newest member of your crew you mentioned? Some say arch-ipelago, but yeah. It's worth noting as well that if we do find this ship, we do not mean her well. Is that a promise? I'm sure Keyleth would provide you with some cover as well. The island of glass, is it called that because of a glass production site? (laughter) I hurt myself. Right. You said we have quarters on this ship; do you mind if I sleep under the stars? Rocking. Going to commune with nature in my own way. Fart in the wind. No one wants to join me? Get all hippie up on the deck of the ship? I pay super close attention, but after we gave them the destination, did they tell us how long it would take? What if we pass over the ship in the night? Do we want to go lower? How high off the deck, would you say? Shut the hell up! Well, we want to stay out, right now. Could I take a shot of the sandkheg bottle? I would like to slowly start building up an immunity. 29. Sick. Awesome. Well played, sandkheg. I go to sleep. It's not at land? It's in the water? She's got it? How is she under the water? I have two vials of underwater breathing. Could I make a song request? Could we drop your big rocky ass from 300 feet up right through the bottom of their ship and sink that bitch? And if they have a teleportation circle on the boat, we want to destroy it. They're also in the bay, so they can swim to shore. I want to send a message to the ship, is all. And Vax rides Keyleth down, like Dr. Strangelove, the whole way. Last song request. We destroy the ship, right? It (burbling) and they all (burbling) come up to the top, they got to go one place, which is where? The shore. So why don't we wait on the shore? Oh, yeah, I mean, I'd love to be a welcoming party. I'm just saying, if anyone else wants to come with, that's where I know they'll be going. Is there a telescope on this ship? Can we see the other side of the island, or the water on the other side, from this vantage point? Thought we were getting ready to kill a cruise ship. No, we don't need it. Do we want to raise our elevation as we're getting closer? The ship or the shore? I'm going to the beach. I can't, yeah. Oh. What kind of thing? You worry about other stuff. That sounds like our only option, yeah. How do we communicate with the captain once we're off the ship? Should we give him an earring? I'm a big-ass eagle. No it doesn't. In a wide arc. What if she's looking like nothing but a-- Same number. And do I get a bonus on the-- 15. I fly over. I'm going to make a low buzz over the campfire, but keep going along the beach. Not landing at the boat or the fire. We turn inland. Can Scanlan and I make a loop heading towards the tree line and then stop, I'd say, 100 feet from where the water hits the shore? Right, yeah, not all the way. As he's scanning, I peck him in the shoulder. Thank you to our sponsor, Backblaze! Those commercials are fucking hilarious. And next Thursday you can see us at Game the Game the hour beforehand.