All right. Fuck! Fucking shit! (cheering) Let's go! I do. Why? All of them or just one? Fucking hell, shit. Here you go. They're real big, right? I've got the other two? Just in case things go sour I also thought of a nice way to use these, and I slide one between each of my fingers, and I hold it up. (shink) Okay, back in the Bag of Holding. No, I haven't been biggened for a while. Oh, wait. By the way, I believe you said that if I successfully did all of these trammels that you had something for me. Thought I wouldn't remember, did you? (laughter) This is weird. War room! We're going down to the war room, which is a sand pit. Yeah? That's me. Yeah. You pranked his ass, and he caught the bug? (laughter) I don't know what that is. Yep. Taco. I don't know a lot of big words, but I feel like I need a little bit of clarification. Just for the record, I had no doubts about where that conversation was going. None. You have a deal. I don't know how or when we are going to pull this off, but if you don't make time-- Fuck it. It's tonight. (laughter) Nope, me neither. We never have those. So listen, maybe while we're eating some of those shitty salads that this fucking place makes now, you can drizzle it on the top, or does he have to drink it with a drink? Who do we make him fall in love with? I fucking love it. (laughter and cheering) Yeah, but look. The hunter does not go after its prey in an isolated environment. The hunter finds him in his natural habitat. Let him roam free, I say. (laughter) Well, look. Before the rest of the group starts wondering what we're doing in the war room, let's go back up and whenever your sneaky ass thinks it's appropriate you (drip) in his drink. How about that? I do. I know that part. And we head back to the group. (yells) Who wants a drink? (laughter) (clears throat) Scanlan. Man. Great teamwork today. Everyone, really. Please. No, it's not! Is it really? We fucked up. Oh man. So we rest and then we go hunting? Or do we try and rally allies? Ooh, wait. First things first, do we know where he is? Don't you have the ability to like-- So we should rest and head to Vasselheim? Scanlan, where are you sleeping tonight? Do we need to post guards outside? (laughs) It'll be great. We rest and then we go. Thank you. I don't have to kill you now. (applause) 'Night. Yeah. He hasn't obviously gotten there, right? Where to in Vasselheim? Up and out to it. Up the volcano, up the water-- Wanted to talk that one out. The Trial Forge? No one's going to even notice me. Yeah, they were ringing the bells and running around and getting prepared and stuff. Yeah, and if for some reason, somebody's like, "That guy punched me in "the face," we'll just punch them. Man, I'm fucking slick. Right, but we can only either spread the word that we're going to resist or spread the word that it's about time to fight. We can only do one or the other. Pike! Yeah! (whispering) We got the stuff. Scaldseat. No. Keyleth, hey, whoa. Take it down. With respect, there are those among us that can tell where he is moving. We will. I guess my only question is do we wait for him to come to us, or do we try to take the fight to him? Yeah, he's been spying on us for quite some time now, little shit. Really? Right now? We're missing one. She's a moron! No, fuck that! We are not shopping! I'll quit! I'll leave. What is wrong with you?! First shopping, and now we give up. What the fuck?! (shouting) What. The. Fuck?! (laughter) J'mon, I'm coming with you. These people have lost their fucking minds. Yeah, quitter. Oh my god. Well, look, if there are undead cannibal dwarves or whatever in the crypts, don't we need clerics to deal with them? It's the best we can do. All right, so what, the Crypts or the Silted Veil? So the Crypts? (shouting) Fuck yeah, buddy! (cheering) You as well, that Holy Avenger getting some action lately? God, I love Kima so much. I feel pretty encouraged. I don't know why. Say it a couple more times. These words are all great and everything but it's not going to change that we're going to have to make it up when we get there, so why don't we go ahead and fight this fucking fucker? (cheering) Well, we're really in for a fucking fight, huh?! When the game gives you eight superiors. What direction is Vasselheim from us now? Anybody else think we should fucking hop on a big-ass brass dragon and try and catch him before he gets there? What are we going to do here? There's nothing to do here! Either that, or he goes and sacks the city and we're like, "What does this tree tell me about "this area?" (laughter) Yeah, we're super lucky and it's just a turtle. (laughter) (laughs) How much is it? Holes! Hey! You got that big fucking turtle you wanted! At least six times. If it bleeds, we-- we're going to die. (laughter) Can you detect if we're making up any ground on your target? I'm talking to you, Vax. Oh my fucking god. Just a note. These were made from the heart of a felled titan. I don't think it's that one. That was sarcasm, but yeah. Oh yeah, beat him up with his heart! (stammering) Do I notice anything? Another note, to be clear, these were carved from the heart stone of a ruined earth primordial. When they're doing their thing, they make me resistant to fire, cold, and lightning damage. So. That's good. Or destroy the city and replace it with that one. Listen. I know it seems really dire, right? But the only other option besides attacking it, in my mind, is trying to get its attention. Maybe lead it away from Vasselheim. It's all right, buddy! I know we bamfed out here, but do we have any idea how much time we have? How far away from Vasselheim we are? Don't make me make it. No, I'm ready. Let's go! Negative two! (laughter) Okay, we've got time. Not a lot. But it's like Godzilla, right? It's like (groaning, thud). I mean, if he starts skipping, we're fucked. We'd be in the air, and not all of us are so awesome in the air. That's enough. Three and four. I can't add. Invisible or change us. One or the other. A grape juice bottle. (screams) Six. Natural 20. That sounds like us.