We're fucking doing this. Hello! Welcome to this evening's episode of Critical Role. I will be your DM for the evening. My name is Travis Willingham, and this is where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors play Dungeons & Dragons. Oh yeah. I'm going to soil this seat all night long. Just soil it and make it mine. Welcome! Tonight you will be enjoying a game DM'ed by my Critical Role character, Grog. Certainly not me. Any mistakes I make, I am not responsible for. It is all Grog's fault. Tonight's episode is brought to you by a wonderful sponsor, Marvel Puzzle Quest! Sam! I remember that, yeah. It was a long online tutoring session that Sam paid a lot of money for. Yeah, Pike got it all down, that's right. Thank you, Sam. Right?! It's super good. Announcements! Do we have some merches? It looks so nice. That's gorgeous. Other announcements. Some of you will be attending PAX Unplugged in Philadelphia. Is that correct? Yes? Who? Matt and Marisha. Yeah. It's November-- Yeah, I don't remember the exact date-- Right. Friday, I think, everything is on? If you're going to PAX Unplugged, find these patsies and go and see them. They will be there. Patsies? I said Pats Unplugged, so I tried to play it off of Patsy. We will be in Australia. We'll be at Supanova. That's right! For two weeks in November, we'll be at Adelaide and Brisbane. So, if you're Down Under, come see us. Oh man, this is terrible. This is awful. This is great. Oh yeah, thousand-yard stare? Pretty much. Anything else? What am I forgetting? No idea what that is. Yes. Oh, we do have one last announcement. We are excited to announce the Critical Role Vox Machina wrap-up. Yes. It's the pearly gates Q&A session we've been talking about since day one. It will be a Talks Machina episode hosted by the illustrious and never-stinky Brian W. Foster. Live Thursday, December 14th, in the normal Critical Role time slot. Yeah, we'll be discussing the entirety of the Vox Machina campaign. And the note that I have says, "Please keep an eye on various social medias as we will be "breaking up the question submissions into five story arcs." So more info to come on that. Yep. You can, but it might get you killed. I know what that number is. And you haven't told me anything about it. Nothing. In what game? Yeah, I didn't do it. I barely did this. Anything else? Is that it? Okay. I guess if we have no other distractions-- All right, fuck it! No more stalling! It's time for you guys to die. With that, we're going to roll some credits for tonight's episode of (long inhale) Critical Role. (guttural noises) [dramatic music] What? Yeah. Oh my god! Guys, you're all here! Oh, thank god. Did anyone have the salad? Chicken, did anybody have the chicken instead of the salad? I was making sure it wasn't me. Hey, look, I know we've got a night to ourselves. I was wondering if maybe we could all, like, play a game I heard about. No, no. I don't think so. It's a little above their head. Yeah, it's only for us big thinkers. Okay. Yeah. So, I was in this tavern the other day, right? And I heard about this game. I think it's called Bunions and Flagons, right. And you are all going to play as little, itty-bitty versions of yourselves. All you got to do is use your imagination. Right? I'm going to tell you a story and then you contribute, tell me what you want to do, and I draw out little maps, and we'll go on an adventure. No, it's like, the size of your thumb, like tiny. We're going to move them around. Yeah. Yeah, you know, you're tiny, but you've got a big, uh, heart. What do you think? Oh, yeah, you know, I've been thinking about it for a long time. I actually made art for each of you guys, so like, I made Percy, right, and then I made Vex. Right, with the ears and the arrows. And then there's Vax'ildan, with his little ears bleeding. Then the Scanlan. Oh shit. No, I am playing with you. I'll be there. Not a bowl, but a ball. Not a bowl you eat out of, but a ball. No, no ball. I'm going to put everything on this big table in front of us. It'll be right in front of you, and you get to sit in your chair. Yeah, it's pretty nice. Yeah, always a good idea, when playing this game, to drink heavily. Yes, all right, so. Power gamer? In your brain theaters, all right, I want you to imagine that Vox Machina has been successful on its latest mission. We are triumphant! As always. It's the wee hours of the morning, and we have found our way to a tavern. Small, maybe off the beaten path, right. It's shambly outside. We go in and it's deserted, right? There's only like one other couple in the whole fucking place. We got the run of the lot. We go in. It's time to drink. We're raising glasses, we're cheering, we're drinking. Everybody's boozing, right? Yeah! Who wants to make a toast? You're just playing you, though. Cheers, yeah. To Keyleth. Underpowered her whole life, really. Nothing at her disposal. May her memory live forever. As we are drinking, and we're on, like-- What's a big number? Our second cup. Everybody's really starting to feel it a little bit, especially our little gnome, Pike. Pike gets up on the table, right. She's like-- Pike! Flower! My friend. Pike gets up and she's like, "You guys, I "love being your friend." "I'm really, like, all of your friend! You are good!" And she turns to you, Vex, yeah, and she's like, "You know, we're so close! And you know, I--" (gulping) And you start to see, right, that maybe she's had one too many, which is really saying something for that little tank. She goes, "Ah, nope. I got it-- urp!" And in that moment you start to see all the color come up to her face. I need you to roll a dexterity check. I don't know, I heard a guy at the bar say it. Yeah, totally, right. So, 29, that's great! At the last moment you see what is bound to be a shoot of vomit in your face and you just, boop! Duck out of the way. She catches it with her lips and this little stream of bile comes, like, shooting out and goes over your shoulder. You raise the glass right in front of her face. As she sees it, she sees more alcohol in the glass, and she goes, "Mm!" and turns away, and paints the bar. Except that other couple that was in the bar with you, they're right in the path of her destruction. Yeah. And she Alphabits and Lucky Charms all over the place. All over the table on this couple. You see, as this gentleman, this greenish-skinned with large lower teeth and a hood and a cloak, stands up and starts to turn toward you. He's like, "What the fuck?" "Yeah. Is she with you?" Well, I'm sure you guys are going to take care of this, right? I mean, it's in my drink, "it's on my food, it's on my--" And you see with him is also this very lovely lady. She's got slightly bluish skin and she is also, like, staring in revulsion at all of this mess that she's wearing. Right? It's on her. Maybe there's a little bit hanging off of her lip. She starts to go, "Wha-- (gulping) what--" She holds it in, but this really infuriates this half-orc looking gentleman. He stands up, right? and he's like, "That's it. You and I-- You! You and I, we're coming to blows. I "want answers for this." "Nope, I've stood up! I'm making a point that doesn't make any difference, and I'm too "embarrassed to back down now." What's a theater? Nope, imagination weapons. Yeah. You tell me what you want to do. With what? Oh, yeah! Okay. So, you, yeah! Take one of those big, globular, like, d20 dices. The mansion provides. Roll to hit. The servants bring over a sheet that has modifiers for you to use. Yeah. These are things you add. He's pretty wise. 15? That's all you need. You, boink, right in his eyes, and he's like, "Argh! In the eyes!" Right. The girl stands up at the table and she's like, "No! No, please! Not his eyes!" Right, and she sees you standing there, ready to go, and she's like, "No, please, please!" Actually, do you want to see if she has any weapons? Oh, you are perceptive. Right. Roll a perception check. You don't see anything, unfortunately. That's just unfortunate. Right, so you see her genealogy going back, like, four generations. Yeah, it's like, you know, a blue denim. Yeah. So you see at her side this spear that's laying up against the table. Yeah, yeah. I don't know how you missed it the first time. It's a fucking spear, right there. She stands up and she's like, "No, no, please! No more eye-poking!" I don't know. Can you just do that, or do you roll? Okay. Go invisible. Okay. Roll a stealth check. Ten total? Okay, great. So you go invisible, right, and you walk over behind the blue-skinned lady and right as you get to the spear, you grab for it, but there's something that catches your eye and you fumble the spear and it falls to the ground. Good, I love it. As she hears the spear fall, she turns and she swings her hand wildly, catching you dead in the face. Boom! Knocks you back. You fly back onto your back five feet. You take two points of damage. Scanlan, the reason that you fumbled for the spear is that you saw this small little bundle next to her chair. In fact, it looks like-- It looks like a small baby, all swaddled up in cloth. No, small. No, yeah, I'm going to put this out like, what's that game where you move the--? Yeah, that one! We'll be like that on a big map. Well, you're not that far from her, so she goes, "It is a baby, it is! Please, we just want "to leave, I'm sorry if we caused you any trouble!" Would you want to go over to it? Yeah, walk on over and make a perception check. It's a baby. Good question. Yeah! You can try. Pretty much, if you get an idea and you want to try it, you ask me. We'll roll a dice. Then I'll let you know how it goes. The moldy cheese. The point of this is, there's a small baby, right, and you've got a couple covered in puke, and she's asking if maybe they can leave instead of-- avoid further scrum. You see his demeanor, like, he totally goes, like, another eye-poking avoided. Whoosh. Right? He says, "All right. People make mistakes. Try to enjoy the rest of your night." He goes over and gets his blue-skinned wife up, and she grabs her little bundle, and they start to make their way out of the tavern. You do? Sure. Roll a d20. Perception. Do a perception check. Whoa. So you see that she's actually going like, "That was so embarrassing. I want to go home "and take my clothes off and you and I go and we'll have a great night." Yeah, lots of boning in their future. Batteries? What are batteries? You see the spear is a long wooden pole wrapped with some cloth where you might hold it with your hands. At the tip is a very rusted metal sharp point at the tip. You got yourself a spear. So now, now you truly have the tavern to yourself. It's just us five. Yeah. You see Grog sitting there and he's aghast at how rude Pike was to puke all over this couple, and that you would go and poke them in the eyes. Grog's very dignified. No, that's not true. Grog goes over to Pike and goes, "Okay, Pikey-poo, maybe it's time to, let's put you to sleep "upstairs. Barkeep!" And you look behind the tavern, and there is a-- fuck, in your mind, he's fucking over there. He might be over there in a second. Stay with me. So Grog picks up Pike and goes over to the barkeep and he's like, "Do you have any rooms that I can put this little gnome in?" And he's like, "Yes, I have, I do! Have rooms!" (wheezing) "How much money do you have?" And Grog's like, "I have ten gold." And he's like, "Sure, that'll fucking do it!" So Grog goes and takes Pike upstairs, puts her in a room, comes back down. And like, "Whoa, she is hammered." I don't know if you know, but I'm super rich because I never really buy anything. I always seem to find the money. That's what I do. Find the money. So now, it turns out that your cups are all slightly emptier than before. Your plates are rather empty. It doesn't really seem like we want the night to end. Does somebody want to maybe check with the barkeep and see if he has any more? Points? Oh, right. Oh! Like, did we do something right? No. Actually, like, at the end of this story, you either win or lose, like, overall. Potentially. Don't you like the theater? Oh yeah, no, it's one big long game. Preferably three to four hours long. Oh, we're just kicking this shit off. Get comfy. Set the tone, the mood? Totally. Hold on, can you ask them to bring in some, like, meats? Like a meat and cheese plate? Come on, Kaylie won't fucking know, please! I'm so tired of this green shit! Nope, you got to stay in the game. That's only in the game with that stuff. So you're in the tavern. You need more to drink. Who wants to go talk to the barkeep? What do you do? "Eh?" "Oh yes, yeah, oh! To drink, or to eat?" "My name? It's Bob!" "Bobaline is my full name, but people call me Bob!" "It's a family name. If you want more to drink, unfortunately, I was not planning on you "being here. It's quite late. I do, however, have more food in the pantry below the bar. Or, there "are some extra casks of ale out with the pigs." "No, unfortunately, me son is the one who normally goes and gets it. He's not here." "Timothy!" "Well, it's not a huge deal, I just need one of you to either go down and get the food, "and one of you to go get the ale." "Yeah, you go down to the cellar, and Grog-- I will go get the ale, unless somebody "wants to go out in the pig sty. I'll go." "Or do you two want to go get the ale?" Okay, cool. So you, Vax, and Sam, you make your way out back. Scanlan! As Vax and Scanlan start to head toward the back door, Vex and Percy, would you like to try and find the latch under the bar that leads-- You find it. Fuck, it's right there. Good job. Right, so you lift the latch in the floor and you go down. It's a very small room that has different salted meats and cheeses, and some bread and stuff like that. You take armfuls? I mean, do you want to see maybe what else is down there? Roll perception checks. Nice. You also see three of these bottles with hided, belted locks on it, and it says "sandkheg" on there. It looks really, really expensive. There's three bottles of that. Yep. Sure. What do you roll to pick a lock? What about Liam? What does Liam know? Roll for it. Oh, that's not very good. Unfortunately, this is a better expensive bottle of sandkheg. After trying to break the lock, or pick it, you get the lockpick stuck in there. Yeah, and it's all fucked up. But you're really resilient and you smash the top of the bottle. It seems stupid to have a lock on a glass bottle, but it works. You did it already. It's too bad. No! You just smashed the top off. You have the rest of the bottle. You got some salted meats, some cheese. You also see some dead rats in the corner, some empty shelves, and one old leathery book. Yeah, it's all dusty shelves. There's a leathery book on one of the shelves. Do you want to open it up? Yeah, they do. It says "Ledger." Great, yeah. Roll a constitution check. 13. Right. You take a sip, and boy does it burn. You're like (gagging). You feel like you could breathe fire. It starts to spread down into your chest. No, not literal fire, like (gasps) fire. Sandkheg. Oh, Jesus. Roll a constitution check. Yeah, so the warmth starts to spread, right? You also feel this immediate desire to upchuck the liquid because it's so strong. In your rush to cover your mouth, you drop the bottle and it shatters all over the floor. You open the book, and it's got numbers in it with letters. I guess. Unfortunately, no, it's beyond your mental prowess. So, back upstairs! Y'all want to stay in the pantry or come back up? Yeah, you stayed down there for a while? Fair enough. Vax and Scanlan, y'all head out back. Use your imagination.You get to the back door and you push it open. You see before you, right, a pen full of muck, mud and these three large hogs rolling around in the muck. Off to the side, you see a large cask of ale. No, it's not what you do. No, actually, you're not there. Percy and Vex have made their way back to the table. You two are-- No, the table in the tavern. You two are at the back hall room there. It's normally my job, but yeah. Right. It's simple enough. So Bigby's Hand just appears around the cask and it wraps its purple fingers around the cask, picks it up, and holds it in mid-air. Flavor. That's some good color. You guys should really step up your fucking game. Leave it to the bard, but yeah. Nice job. You get 300 XP for that performance. Don't worry about it. You remember being in school and they gave out gold stars when you did good things? No, they're not points. They're XP. Xylophone Players. So you get the cask and you draw it back over. Did you bring the cask back to the table? "Yes?" "You did a really great job. You guys are good. Good. Please, I'll give 70 percent off, "because shit, no one's here, so nobody will know." "So please take, enjoy. It's just you." So you take the cask and the food back over. You two look a little disheveled, like you may have fallen down some stairs, going into the pantry. That's fucking gross. Yeah, so you pour ale all around, you get your cups full again. You've got a little more food into your belly, and you make one more toast for the night to your successes as warriors, victorious. Who wants to make a toast? No, that's good. TALIESIN and Yeah. LAURA, TALIESIN, and Everybody drink to that. Yeah. It's supposed to be us. It's a concept. As the alcohol starts to go down the throats into the belly, down into your belly, the world starts to get a little hazy. You got a 150 XP for saying it. Also, you feel a lot of warmth in your face and you feel almost as if the world's been tilted on you. Like someone's pushing you around and you don't have much control. You reach out to steady yourself and to warn your other friends, when all of a sudden, the lights go out and you feel gravity take over and you just fall. And fall, and fall. The end. No, that's not the end! (shouting) You come to! (normal voice) Sorry, Chris. You come to and you're lying on the floor. It's cold. Nope. Nope. It's cold. It feels like stone underneath you. It's moist and damp. There's dirt everywhere and it feels uneven. You open your eyes and the light of the tavern is not the same as it was before. In fact, you're on a wood floor and you remember, but now there's stones beneath you. You got all your stuff. You look and you seem to be in some sort of dimly-lit cavern. You all look around and you see your mates around you. All there, but the environment has changed. There is light. You look around and there seem to be along these stone walls around you, random torches. So there is some torchlight down here. You can. Would you like to? They're a bit high, unfortunately. They're about eight to ten feet off the floor. It's just out of your reach. You can, if you want to. All right. So you hop onto your broom, kick up off the ground and grab the torch. You pull it out and off in the distance somewhere, you hear a scraping sound. Very faint, but you hear it. Roll a perception check. Is it? Yeah. Yeah, go for it. Yeah, no fucking flagons around. Currently, Vex is the only one who's gotten to her feet and grabbed a torch. Are you all standing up, looking around? Yeah. Yeah. Everybody please roll a stealth check. 18. Good. Okay, now listen. This is where the fun starts. No. There you go. Look at that. You're all there. I stole it from a small child. So as you look around your environment, you notice the floor is stone, the walls are stone and you seem to be in some sort of circular cavern. There's also a domed ceiling above you. There is just pure wall for most of this circular room except for an area that seems to lead into another chamber beyond. You may. Roll an attack. It's so good, in fact, that you take one step into the wall and you turn and face it like the creepy person from Blair Witch, and you stay there. 32. Great. So you turn so that you can see into the other cavern and you shoot your oracle arrow. And your sight goes (zooming) and you see it fly approximately (counting) 25 feet and it just hits another wall made of stone in the cavern, very similar to the one you're in. Yeah, almost identical to this one. Very smart. Make a perception check. You open your eyes, and because you're staring at the wall like a nerd, you notice the mortar is very fine. Would anybody like to make a perception check besides Vax? Vex, please roll a perception check. Oh, very nice, Percival. 34, that is a high perception. You should be a rogue. So you see that the room extends out to an edge and you move to the middle and you see that these two rooms seem to be identical. There are torches lighting your way, and above you on this rounded ceiling, there are two hatches. Iron hatches. And above them you see maybe a chute. And you wonder, as you see water dripping from the hatches in the ceiling, if that might have been how you got in this room. You may. So you fly up and you get to the hatch, and it's solid iron, with rusted-- There's water dripping out of it. And you see there is a chute indeed. No light coming from it. Bars, but it looks as if it goes straight up, and up, and up. It is. It's closed very securely. You may, yes. There you go. You may. Roll a perception check. You move forward, and as you approach Vex, you do see there is an additional hallway that extends forward. Not in the shape of a cock and balls per se, but there is another hallway in front of you, and it extends forward into darkness, but you do see a very faint torch at the end of it all. Tip of the hallway, yeah. So you are going up. Ooh, this is you! Yeah, you pull on it, and, man, that shit is-- Roll a strength check. I'll give you a shot. No, no. It doesn't even move. It doesn't even do the pothole thing. As soon as you step on it, it goes boop boop, I'm going to fall. But no, it's solid. Not that you can tell. If you want to check and see if there's a latch to it. Roll an investigation check. 23. You reach through one of the slots in the plate that's holding-- You put your hand through, and as your fingers curl around, you do feel a very large latch, but it is thick and very secure, and it extends into the mass around it, the wall itself. You get the impression that it would take quite a mechanism to unleash this thing. You both head down the hallway? What's the marching order here? You said to the right of the hallway? And you're going to be on the left? To the left? Vax? Okay. And Vex? Would you like to proceed down the hallway? Okay, so you move forward? Well, as Scanlan is just ahead of you in your pursuit down the hallway, Scanlan feels his foot fall on a piece of the floor and it sinks. You hear a grinding noise that you've heard before in our adventures, and it's not good. And instinctually, you look to your right immediately on the wall, and you notice there are all these holes in the wall. And sure enough, just as you're looking, a fucking dart sinks right into your cheek. Just poof, right into your-- (yelling)! And just as your hands go up to your face, another one hits you in the thigh. As you turn around, one sinks into your butt cheek. Yeah, you pull him back. You take-- You take 13 points of fucking dart damage. You look at the wound in his cheek, and the wound in his arm, chest area, they don't seem so bad, but the one in his butt is starting to swell a little bit. Kind of bruised and red. Make a medicine check as you suck on Scanlan's ass. I will make a ruling. Because you are sucking on Scanlan's ass, you may roll with advantage. Fantastic. You manage to get the right amount of pressure right on the butt cheek, right? And you suck all the poison out, and you spit it out, because you know, if you swallow it, also bad for you, and you manage to take your head away just in time as a Scanlan little boop farts out. Oh man. Yeah, nothing like mom's kisses. That's nice. Good job. So, you've taken 13 points of damage, you've pointed it out, I assume, to the rest of the group. Yeah, in this game, if you notice something, call it out to each other. Because what one person sees, the other somehow might not see. And just because you know it at the table, doesn't mean that you know it in your mind pictures. That's how this goes, I promise. I was in a tavern, and this long-haired guy was playing a game at the table, and I thought it was fucking great. And I watched for a while. Like, hours. I was hooked. I might go back next week and watch. I'm not sure, actually. That's a great question. So you notice that right here-- It is, I don't give a shit. There is this area. Yeah, I don't fucking care. Or you have to build a map with that integrated into it. You notice that that area of the floor, you step on it, bad shit happens. Well, you haven't gone past it yet. Would you like to try and cross that area? Nice. Be very careful with the shaft. Okay. If you would like to try and cross over that area, you all need to make an acrobatic check as you try and leap over. That's good. 17. 36. Everyone but Vax manages to leap over, successfully over, well done. Vax catches his foot, he's like, (yells) and he falls flat on his face. And the darts go pew pew pew! Vex, if you want to turn, you can try and drag your brother, who has luckily had all the darts go above his lying, goofy body on the floor, and try to pull him off the plate. Unfortunately, no. Strength check? That's enough, because Vax doesn't have very many muscles. So you pull him off the plate, and he's there, all of you are right there, ready to go again. All right. Yeah, hold on. Look, Grog makes it over, and then Trinket comes up. Roll a acrobatics check for Trinket. You know what, save it for later. Ooh, yeah, so unfortunately-- Sure. So he falls and I start to hear the grinding again and I pull him by his ear, and whoop, everybody's on the safe side of the trap. What would you like to do next? Roll a perception check. 22? Yes, indeed. There are no further traps towards the tip, but your keen half-elf ears pick up a (wind blowing) sound. "Turn back." And you spin on your heel, and outside of Grog's amazing deltoids, which look swollen from shoulder day, you see behind you a spectral form starting to make its way towards you. I need you all to roll initiative. I already bought that one. Yeah. It was two dollars or something. 16. Percy. Wow. 16, Percy. Really? Vex, you're up first. You see the spectral form starting to move towards you. What would you like to do? You shoot an arrow at it? Okay. Roll to hit. Hold on! Wait. There's music and shit. Fuck. Yeah. I'm sorry, what was it? Hit. Yeah, that definitely hits. Yeah, too late for that. 23, nice. Yeah, roll an acrobatic check first. Oh, then no-- For the acrobatic check? Trinket falls right on the plate. And he's like, boom. And then, because it shot all those darts, and Vax fell, and they were like, "Oh, none of the darts hit," they're all aimed down. And Trinket takes like six darts. He looks like the guy in The Godfather He's like, (distressed bear sounds, darts) covered in darts. Trinket takes-- 24 points of damage. But he manages with his bear strength to pull himself just out of the line of fire. But he is right there. No. Vax, you're up. Well, give me an acrobatics check, because you jump over the plate area. You want to run into melee with the ghost? You learn from your previous errors and man up, and you totally make it across just fine. You stab it. Roll to attack. A 19. Which hits. Boy, that's a lot of damage with that Divine Smite. Boy, it really does. You see him go like, "Ouch!" And his form shivers and stuff, and he's like (pained sounds). You see the area where you stab evaporates and then comes back into form, but he's still standing there He gleams at you with these fucking dead ghost eyes. Yep. Yeah. He is a dwarf ghost. That's fair. That sounds like a good idea. Yeah, that's how it works. He turns to you after being like, "It hurts so bad." You really hurt him really bad. And he is going to use Horrifying Visage on you. Yeah, I need you to make a wisdom saving throw. Oh, that succeeds. You see him almost glare into your soul, you feel your little butthole pucker, and you're like, "Oh no, it's so scary!" but you shake it off because you've seen so much worse in your time. Yeah. And you throw up the double-birds, and he's like (hissing), and you shake it off. That's good. Percy, it's your turn. Back away from the ghost, or towards him? 24 hits. Yeah, do it. That is just enough. You hit him, and his form-- You hear this shriek, and he just-- turns into a puff of smoke. Disappears into nowhere, and the ghost is gone. Calm retakes the hallway. Make a perception check to explore the hallway. 20, yeah, that's great. You move forward, and you see no doorways, no exits, but you do see a line near the end of the hallway that seems to be a bit of an inequality in the rocks. Almost like if you push on it, something might happen. Yeah, yeah, you push on it. Give me a strength check. Right. Strangely, you lean into it, about to give it a big shove, but your feet slip out from under you on the slick rock. And you fall flat on your face, and you bite a bit of your tongue and lip. Great, yeah, make a strength check. 16. You lean in and you push, having Percy, just like little bloody mouth right next to you, and sure enough, the wall starts to move, but you can see light coming from the other side. It's just too heavy for you to move. "You know what, I got it." Grog goes up towards the end of the hallway. He's like, "Maybe I'll just fucking handle this, you guys, don't worry." And he rolls a million, and the door flies open. Almost comes off whatever invisible hinges it had. Like, rock falls out of the door. Yeah. Pretty much. I know. Doors can't faze me. The rest of you, it's a problem. Not always true. You see before you a lit cavern. Something off in the distance, but you're still in the doorway. What do you do? Do you have another oracle arrow? Yeah? Roll to attack. Shoot. You nock, and you pull, and you release, and your vision goes into the arrow, and it shoots forward. You see stone floors beneath you, and all of a sudden, it shoots past what looks like a flowing fountain of water, and it just arcs past, and you see as it clears past the fountain, a small, furry shape on the ground, and it hits into a ground, and it scatters, and the arrow shatters on the floor. Okay. So. Would you all like to follow her? You all want to go? Vax hangs back. You all fell over. There you go. So you see this fountain right here. Scanlan right here, and Vax over here. There's a fountain right in front of you, and as you go in, you see there appears to be like, just this rouge, flushed-skin type water coming out of it. Some sort of fluid. And it's just a beautiful fountain, right in the middle of the room. Circular, from what you can see. What do you do? It was past the fountain somewhere, you're not sure. Traps? Do a perception check. Is that what you're doing for traps? Okay, do roll an investigation check. 12. There do not appear to be any traps. You see before you what looks like a dog. A tiny little dog. Where is the dog? Where's the dog gone? Right about here, at the edge of your vision. Sure, yeah, we'll use this to be a dog. Here's the dog right here. No, it's one of Liam's. It was in the box. You see a dog, his tail just sweeping behind him. If you'd like to. Go for it. As you do that, the dog whips around and looks at you, jumps to its feet and starts to growl. Starts to growl and he's like "Intruder. Intruder!" You see as these bone shards start to protrude from his back and shoulders. His spine starts to lengthen, and he's no longer a fucking dice dog. It is this massive thing. You do? Roll to attack. You're at disadvantage because you're so close. 26. You hit the vicious hell hound. What's your damage? 28 points of damage with one shot. Amazing. Great. Is that the end of your turn? Okay. Trinket runs up around the other side. Natural 20. If you can't tell from her exuberance, a natural 20 is like the best thing you can roll. Okay great. And what's the damage? He critted. Okay. There's fucking mysterious music. Have the people change it to some sort of-- Whoa, 23. Trinket putting out some damage. Yeah, that's pretty good. Yeah, seriously. Okay so, as Trinket attacks and takes a vicious chunk out of the side of this hell hound right-- You hear a growl even further into the cavern. LAURA and No, these are caverns. What are you smoking? And you see from behind the fountain coming another hell hound to see what the cry of its fallen brethren are. You're going to throw your spear? Actually, now the other ones as well, I need you to roll initiative again. 21. Vax, you, back near the tip, are up. Do you normally have your boots? Then you do. The hallway. Strange words coming out of your mouth. You come into the cavern. Move your little character wherever you'd like to go, yeah. You stab. Roll to attack. That hits. With that first dagger, you sink it into the side of the hell hound, and you hear a (pained squeal), and he recoils from the pain, and all of a sudden, his flesh and fur just turns into flame, and he catches fire and burns into nothing. He just absolutely disintegrates. No, it doesn't. Well, don't you have more attacks? Normally I see you do a lot of shit. How about one more attack? Sounds good. That hits. A nine? Nine damage? The bear did. This is not a competition. You hit it, and it totally gets its attention. It sinks right into its shoulder blade, and it's (pained growling), and focuses on you. That's true, yeah. Scanlan, you're up. You got it. Okay. 20. It fails. You dominate the monster. And next in the initiative order is actually the hell hound, and he takes off running straight towards Trinket. Yeah, it's real unfortunate. He's going to unleash a bite att-- No, he's going to do Firebreath in a 15-foot cone. Must make a DC 12 dexterity saving throw. Roll a dexterity saving throw, Vex, Vax, and Trinket. You both succeed. Four. So Trinket takes 29 points of fire damage. LIAM and You guys both take 19 points of fire damage. Halved, because you made the save. Wait. Call it 14 points. We'll call it 14 points. You can read, right? Well, you should. I know, it's terrible. I mean seriously. Percival, you're up. Okay, what's your speed? How far can you move? 30? One, two, three-- So unfortunately, Trinket stands between you and the hell hound. Out this way more? Okay, so maybe over here? You want to throw it? Okay, roll an attack at disadvantage. Because I've never seen you throw a fucking spear before. (laughter) Plus two. Yeah, good. You throw the spear and it-- It just disappears. You're not quite sure where but you hear a sploosh. You hear the splash as it seems to disappear into the fountain behind the hell hound. Good, nice. Vex, you're up. You have a bonus action if you want it. Yeah, I just assume you'll know that better than me. Nice, roll an attack. That'll hit. No. Sounds good. He's outside. Oh, he's asleep? Oh, sorry. He blends into the furniture. That's super insensitive. 31 damage? Oh, to hit. It hits. Are you lacking die? How is that possible? 13. 17. And with that you hit the hell hound and the arrow sinks in and he too starts to catch fire from the wound and he's like (howling), and he just evaporates. Yeah. Not that's it's a competition, but you've killed something, Trinket's killed something, and you've killed something. There were only 450 to give out for the entire game, so it's all been used. There is 200 more to give. You'll get 50 XP. Thank you, Percival. I can only juggle so many, you know, parrots at one time. So the hell hounds have been destroyed and the cavern is again quiet. What would you like to do? Okay. So you go up to the fountain-- You can go to this one, yep. Roll a constitution saving throw. Yeah, it's just water. So you notice as you're washing your hands off right, it's a very nice color, Grog wanders off-- No they don't. Just nice and yeah. It's a good question. Would you like to roll an intelligence check? Which fountain are you inspecting? Okay, you come over to Scanlan's fountain and you're inspecting that one as well. Intelligence. 24, yeah, this is very soft water. It is very nice. It's got like a salt treatment to it. It's very nice, yeah. It's good for your skin, there's vitamins in there, there's potassium and mercury and stuff. Nice. So as you're inspecting the fountains, you notice that Grog, having watched you guys be very careful checking for traps and everything is doing the same, he's trying to do his part. Yeah, and lo and behold he finds an edge in the wall just like you found before and he pushes it open and inside there is 20 platinum. Yeah. "Guys! I found 20 platinum in this secret passage." Platinum's mine, but you never know what else is around. Maybe look for yourself. All right, roll a perception check. Investigation check! 25? Yeah, in fact on the exact opposite side of the cavern you find a similar door and do you want to push it open? Yeah. So you push and there seems to be something coiled up on the ground in the corner. It's not a creature or anything. Do you want it or not? Could be. Yeah. Roll a perception check. It's a big pile of poop. You found a poo. Each what? You want to search the bottom of each fountain? Sure. Which one would you like to start on? Scanlan's or--? Yeah, sure. There you go. Yeah, roll an investigation check. There do not appear to be any traps. Yeah. Bottom of the fountain you find-- it's like a mossy bottom and there's some pebbles, but it seems like that might've come from the stones overhead, but there doesn't appear to be any objects in the bottom of the fountain. Who does? You'll go over there? So Scanlan's little legs just like (footsteps) all the way over here. There goes Trinket. So you see before you-- Roll to attack. 19. What's your AC? Ooh. Roll for damage. 14 points of damage. The bear sinks its teeth into your shoulder and gives you a little jiggle. That saliva starts to burn. Yeah, bear saliva. Might. There is also this incredible door in front of you. Make a perception check. Five. You see before you a door, magnificent, brilliantly ornate. It's made of several different kinds of wood and iron. You know everything about this. How do you open it? Yes, there is, there is a latch. The door opens. It just opens. The door swings open. You notice as it opens there's a carving in the wood of a large tower. As it swings open, it reveals in front of it a small structure about 30 to 50 feet out in front of you and darkness beyond. No. Yeah, shockingly. As Scanlan and Trinket are looking through the doorway, they see a structure about 30 to 50 feet away from the doorway. Further into another space is just darkness beyond. You go through the doorway? Would everyone like to go through the doorway? You're going to stay behind? Who goes first? Scanlan, you get to the doorway and the second you start to cross the threshold, you feel the force start to pull you towards the door, almost as if someone has removed the stopper from a bathtub. You feel yourself being pulled through. I need everyone to make dexterity saving throws. All of you. Yep. 18? Okay. Vax? 30. Everyone except for Vax and Percy are immediately pulled through the threshold. That's a seven. Grog also pulled through the doorway. Vax and Percy manage to cling to the side of the threshold. You still feel this force pulling you, like there's been an atmospheric pull through the doorway. You hear, on the other side, your comrades getting up, seemingly fine. For you two, on this side of the door, the pull is still incredibly strong. You can try and fight it or you can go through. Yes. As you're mulling this over, you get 12 points of force damage. TALIESIN and Yeah. It's almost as if you saw it for yourself with those descriptions. Really quite impressive. Yeah, it's the triple brass tracket. There's lumber and stone. Iron. Gold inlay on the door. Yep. And a picture of a tower. You know right when you slap someone after you've had too much to drink and their face is doing the pull? That's what his face looks like constantly. You let go and you go through the door. Vax, you're the only one still on this side of the door. Yeah. And you go right through the doorway as well. You both fall with a clatter to the floor, and you notice that in front of you is a structure. You're prone, Percy's prone. Really? You see before you-- Nice. You're on your feet. You see before you a brilliant structure in the shape of a circle. It's quite massive. Made of stone. There seems to be some sort of architecture about it. No. No. Just pretend like you don't. Those are doors. You see on each side of the structure, there are doors. Around you, you find yourself in a void, black space all around. In fact, you turn around to see the doorway with which you came has disappeared. You're standing on stone, but in each direction it just seems darkness after about 20 to 30 feet. There is no determinable light source. It's just you're able to see here. Right. There is, in fact, doors on each one of the faces. One of them appears to be open. Maybe. It appears that the door on this side is open. All right. Yes. So, you go over and find this open door. And as you look, there is a symbol above the doorway. It seems to be the symbol of a star. And the door is open. Would you like to investigate? Roll an investigation check. 24. Yes, you may stand up. You are facing the wrong way again. You see before you a wooden and iron door with a handle. And it has been seemingly forced open. Inside, there is a room, and from what you can see from your vantage point, it seems a very comfortable room. You see a rug on the floor, a potted plant on the side, and what seems to be a chest at the end of the room. Does not appear to be trapped. You step in. From your investigation check, you saw there was a potted plant on the side of the room. A nice rug on the floor. An open chest near the back of the room, and it looks like to be just a simple table with chairs on the other wall. Under the rug? You pick up the rug? There's floor. Stone floor. A little dusty. It does appear-- Yeah. Okay. You go and look in the chest. It is an empty chest. Roll a dexterity check. In your effort to turn, you slip and you catch yourself, and you face the same way as everyone else. Well done. Sure. Directly in front of you? You walk up. Percy, you go up to the square. It does appear to be a money symbol. Would you like to try and open the door? You go to the door. Doesn't seem to open. Percy goes and reaches out, tries the handle. Door doesn't seem to open. You do notice, there's not just the handle, there seem to be five inlaid gems above the handle. They're fucking gems. Five gems above the handle, they're all very shiny. In fact, as you all communicate with each other, these doors seem to be identical. A handle with five gems above each handle, and one of the gems seems to be glowing. Nothing happens. Nothing seems to happen when you push on the gems. It's inlaid in the wall, it's just attached. As you're all examining your doors, you hear a sound, almost like a grunt. Vex, behind you, you hear a sound. Almost like a wicked grunt. No. You hear footsteps walk up behind you, as a fist grabs the back of your neck and slams your face into the door. Grog seemingly has changed into some sort of other creature. That's a natural 20. I actually did, which is shocking. You take 19 points of bludgeoning damage. Do you turn around and face your attacker? There's a fucking doppelgänger behind you. This amorphous, shapeless creature has come up behind you and is trying to attack. I don't know, he's just back there. He makes another attack before you have a chance to communicate with your bear. That's a natural one. He misses. He swings forward with his other hand and takes a chip out of the door. He bites him? Roll to attack. Oh God. I don't know. 19 damage? He takes a bite out, and you see like a purplish blood start to pour from this wound, and he takes a big bite out of him. You are very close. Okay. Make a strength check. 16. Unfortunately, the rope goes over and he just shakes it off, just slips the rope. Yeah, well he's a tricky one, this guy. Is there a commotion? Did she call out? I mean, you seem to be pretty preoccupied with these doors in front of you. He will take another swing at you. Probably. It's a little delayed right now. You keep tripping over everything. He misses on the first one. Shit. 13. Roll to attack. Yeah, just a straight roll with your strength modifier. That misses. You go to kick and he just like Jean Claude Van Damme jump splits. And then comes right back down. Okay. That'll hit. 12 points of damage? Okay. He's still up. Doppeljenga? You all hear "doppeljenga!" What would you like to do? Fair enough. Vax comes charging around the corner. Percy comes skipping around the corner. Beautiful. The doppelganger will take one more swipe at you. Yeah, he's just furious. 23. That'll hit. You take 14 points of bludgeoning damage. Yep. Vax. You get there quick. That'll hit. I will say because you and Percy were up at the same time you get one attack. One attack. It hits. A seven? Yeah. Got it. All right. Percy, you may do whatever you want. He is bleeding a bunch. Just a slap? A regular glove or with--? How about you roll an attack and add your strength modifier? Oh, is there? That hits, yes. He doesn't need to make a constitution saving throw because you slap him and his lower jaw just flies off of his face. It just sprays purple gore all over Vex and Vax. Just this snowcone of gore. No, the way you came up and smacked him he went that way and Trinket was like "Yeah, nicely "done." You have removed this doppelganger. So Grog has been removed from your party. It seems to be. Yep, good. Nope. You are now wrestling with the loss of clearly your favorite and strongest party member. And we will take a break at this moment. (yelling) We will return in a moment. I wanted to thank also Kristen Mack made this wood burned DM's screen. Which is super, super impressive. This is actually Arcade. Yeah. Yeah, he's amazing. We will be giving away this amazing black walnut hero vault which will be signed by the cast. And the word-- am I doing this right?-- in the chat is Regerts. Just regerts. R-E-G-E-R-T-S. So "regerts" to win this amazing Wyrmwood dice vault. And we will be back in a moment. Welcome back. That's my best Mercer. Is that--? We did have a winner in La Chaté. The winner is Avarlic. Or, Ava Rolic. A-V-A-R-L-I-C. Congratulations, you are winning this gorgeous Walnut Hero Vault. Signed by all of us at Critical Role. Let's get back in. So one quick note. I got a little confused, actually. When Vex strode up to this door that had the money symbol on it, and she placed her hand on the handle, one of those inlaid gems of the five lit up. So now there are two lit up gems in the door. As she's holding it, it's, yeah. Actually, in your door, all the jewels, they are not lit up. But if you explore other doors. The more you drink, the better you play. No, we're too far in it now. We've formed an elite group here. Did you let go of the door? Did you? Would you like to grab the handle again? Fair enough. You grab the handles, and you see as three gems light up while two do not. Three of the five gems lit up. All five gems light up. You hear a lock release, and the door, with the weight of your hand on it, starts to swing open. You just walk in? Roll an investigation check. Apple juice. Yeah, man. Yeah, well, I'm kind of doing Grog. 14. You look around the room. You see no traps. Doesn't seem to be trapped in any way. Would you like to check the chest for traps? Roll an investigation check. 18. Does not appear to be trapped. You can. The chest opens. No, you open it, and inside you see a small vial with a little liquid. It looks like a greater healing potion. During your investigation check of the room, you see the rug, the potted plant, the chest, the desk and the chair. You also see above you, in the ceiling, it seems to be a hatch above you. An iron hatch in the ceiling. Solid plate metal. Okay. Roll an investigation. Eight. You look under the rug. There is nothing under the rug. You don't see any immediate traps. You go over to check the desk. Nothing seems to be wrong with the desk. However, as you are checking your desk for traps, you feel the slashing whip of twigs and thorns across your back as this twig blight has come across the room and attacks you from behind. Fair enough. Hold on, he attacks first. A 21. It does hit?! That is surprising. You're going to take a whopping-- A whopping five points of piercing damage. It's very hard to sustain this personality. You turn and you start slashing. Can you give me an ABC? Your might is clearly on display in this visceral and violent outburst. Oh, indeed. In the most glorious Edward Scissorhands movements you ever gestured, there before you stands a very dead, but green standing statuary of Keyleth. Very much no longer a threat to you. Leaning against the wall. Yes, you go to the chest. It opens and inside, you find a small vial. Greater healing potion. Which corner? Which corner? When you aim at it? Your shoulders begin to burn ever so slightly. No. Nope. You can't tell. Cool. You go in, you walk in and you're facing backwards. You fall down and it seems to be a very normal room. Okay. You go forward and as you get to the trunk, the mimic opens its mouth. A pseudopod attacks you. You become attached-- It has you and it does-- 16 points of damage. It grabs you and it wraps up with its pseudopod and because you're so small, you're now grappled and it covers your mouth so you cannot scream. Indeed. You are grappled for the moment, Scanlan. Anyone else? Well, don't be so excited about it. It's a unique room. You don't know what adventures lie inside! So roll an investigation check. See what happens. Your arm falls off. It just falls off behind you. No, you come in the room. You come in. The room does not appear to be trapped. You do sense movement somewhere in the room. It's in front of you. You're not sure. Right. As you do, the Rug of Smothering-- LIAM and --with its false appearance grapples you from behind and will attempt to smother you. I just went to the Monster Manual. It is a 21 to hit and you take-- that does hit. You take 11 points of bludgeoning damage and you are restrained, blinded and at risk of suffocating. You cannot gesture, make a sound or anything in your tiny little room. Percy, what would you like to do? You are in solid stone rooms. You are at risk of suffocating. Yeah, we didn't-- we have to do that. You've got to tickle your earlobe when you talk. Yeah. I mean, you never know when it might come for you out here. There is a hatch above you in the ceiling. A plate metal hatch. You back up. Roll to-- no, fuck that. It's a hatch. You fire. How many shots would you like to fire? Brilliant. You fire off three quick shots-- no need to roll-- they all ricochet off of this-- Oh. All right. That makes a difference. You fire your first shot and while it ricochets off, it starts bouncing around the stone room dangerously close to yourself. You are so calm and cool, and with that debonair Percy charm, you merely make a slight adjustment with your gun, and you fire. The door-- it hits and you see it start to crack and start to loosen from the wall. A small piece of the hatch is now showing some visible line of sight between it and the ceiling. You can hear him. While you're talking, the mimic in Scanlan's room will again try to smother you with a bite attack while it's grappling you. Hold on, I've got to add. Five seconds. Where's the music?! With advantage, that is 24 points of damage. Where are you at? Vax, your rug of smothering also begins to crush you again. Actually, before this happens, roll a strength check. You don't need to roll your modifier. That's enough. You break free, and the rug starts to shimmy down across your legs. It's not smothering you anymore, but it's still keeping you in place. Your arms are free, and you can breathe. While it is around your legs, it will bite you for 21 points of damage. Not bite you, crush you. Sorry. It's still grappling you, so you're in the same place, still, but you can breathe and you can move, but it's still around your legs. So you could breathe and not suffocate. You, technically? No. Not important for you. But your singing career would have been limited. 21 points of damage. And you are now free. Sure. You take out the broom, you fly up to the hatch-- Sure. Trinket comes in. Plate metal. A square piece of plate metal. It is a plate metal hatch. A sheet of metal with rivets, and it's solid. You cannot. No. No. You could try, and I could make you roll a bunch of times. It wouldn't work. Roll a dice. You pull on it, and you hear (metal creaking). Scanlan, roll a strength saving throw. 13? That's actually exactly what you needed. You manage to get your arms free, and you break free of the mimic, but it is still coming at you. Now you see teeth coming out of this chest, a giant pseudopod tongue. Go for it. Of what? That is a 13. With that one lightning, you see the mimic shake, tense up, quake, and burst apart into purple goo. It splatters little green noodles all over the floor where it was, and you see in its muck a little vial where it was. It's a greater healing potion. Yeah, you chug it. Go for it. That's it? Not "help?" While he's healing, Vax, what would you like to do? Nice. You pop outside the door. Unleash Armageddon. Do what you do. Now's the time, mate. You get 150 XP. I am susceptible to puns. Right. It's a rug. And with that, the rug quakes and falls flat, deflated. A regular rug now. Slightly unraveled at the corners. Indeed. You hear, all of a sudden, as you check out the chest-- indeed, there is a greater healing potion. As Vax terminates the rug, you hear a click in all of the latches above your heads. Are you? Yeah. There you are, just flying right next to it. You fire, and the latch flips open at the top. No response. You may push on yours. It lifts. It comes right back down, but lifts. Excellent. You walk up the side of the wall, doing the little shimmy that Percy does so well in his bedroom when he's getting dressed in Whitestone. He pops through the hatch. Do you go up, as well? Trinket goes in the necklace. You go up through the hatch. What about you two fellows? Right, yeah. Into this tiny little dung beetle, you fly. You hit the hatch. There was a click. It didn't fucking open. (popping) You take five points of stupid damage. Yeah, you fall a whole ten, 11 feet. You take two points of gnome damage. Vax, what are you doing? Wings? Yeah, the fucking wings come out, even though you're on the ground, and you walk, very badass, back through the room. Brilliant. You pop up through the hatch. We'll shortly see. Scanlan, what are you doing? You come to, and you're like, "Fuck. Why did I turn into a dung "beetle? The latch was still closed." A monkey. What kind of monkey? A small gibbon. Okay. We'll find out. You get up there, and as you start to push, roll a strength check with disadvantage. This very large metal latch flies open. You pop up through the latch. As Scanlan makes his gibbon way through the latch, all of you find yourself in a new space, and all of the latches slam closed. You find yourself in a new space. Aren't I? It resembles the shape of the previous map. You find yourselves with a flat floor. You have a visual line of sight with all of the members of your team. You can see each other. There's some sort of body laying above the area of the room with the door that was already open. You are on what seems to be the roof of the room previous, and there's a giant tower right in the middle of all of this. At the top of this tower, not to size, there's a large platform dome area up here with light radiating out of it. No. Nope. It was a wedding gift. Who cares? (laughter) You can try. You start to walk over, and as you reach this border, you are struck by an invisible field, and you take eight points of force damage. As you hit the wall, there is a shimmer of energy that quickly dissipates in between your section and someone else's. It shimmers and disappears. LAURA and As you move towards the column, you see on this tower, it is made of stone, but there seem to be built-in footholds and handholds. It appears the same energy covers that tower, and you take eight points of force damage. As Percy touches and activates the shield for a second time, the lights around you dim, and you feel heat around each of you individually. You are struck with horror as form begins to take shape in front of each of you. Behind Percy, all of a sudden, the form of a mind flayer begins to take shape. Behind Vax, a red-skinned, armor-clad, winged demon appears. A cambion, right in front of our rogue. In front of Vex, a pony. And in front of Scanlan materializes, to his horror, a fucking T-rex. (laughter) A T-rex versus a gibbon. You all stare in horror at perfectly picked enemies for you. I need you all to roll initiative. 23, that's the Percy I know. Vex? Vax? Okay. The cambion turns and faces Vax at the top of the initiative, and he will unleash his Fire Ray at you. 26 to hit. This is hard. You take 12 points of fire damage. Sure. So six, nice. And he will make a ranged spear attack against you. It's only 19. The deer shoots-- The deer? The deer bounds past-- The spear misses you, as you are presented with this new foe, and with a bonus action he will take flight. But I'm not breaking out those fucking stands, so let's just say he takes flight. Next in the initiative order, this pony takes a few steps towards you and (snorting). And turns into a mystical unicorn. (laughter) And it will cast Entangle on you. You have to make a DC 18. It is a dex. You feel all of a sudden these vines come out of the stonework and it holds you where you are. And it will charge straight at you using its magical horn. 22. It does 12 points of piercing damage and I need to you roll a strength saving throw or be knocked prone by its mystical power. I have no idea. You're not knocked prone, you sidestep it, but you only take the damage. Percy, you are up. Brilliant. That will hit. A natural one, he is restrained. You're so nasty. Melee attacks. Yeah. No, you have advantage, I think. If I overheard the guy at the tavern right. Yeah. He has a very low AC. All three hit. Please do. All right, next up Vex. Just your feet, you cannot move. Let me check, because I'm sure I'm getting this totally right. No, I carve notes into the thingy. Yeah, you just can't move. He is top heavy. Let's go with option number two. None of these guys want to stay up! You're so drunk. Unicorn will use one of his legendary-- Yep, and he resists the Grasping Vine. I know, unicorns, right? Fuck me. Are you a unicorn? Then how do you know? Are you arguing with the BM? Sure. What language are you speaking in? That's not a language. I know these things. It's what I do. I drink and I know things. Well, the unicorn speaks Celestial, Elvish, Sylvan, and telepathy, but because you just spoke in Common-- Good thing it understands you-- It has telepathy! And he's like, "I am a unicorn. There can only be one." (laughter) The T-rex will take its turn! It is going to run towards you with a multi-attack on your carrion form. It's going to make a bite attack first. That is an 18. Yeah! Oh god. Okay. That is 36 points of damage. Does that knock you out of your carrion form? It's a bite, so you are in the jaws of a T-rex, Scanlan. And we are going to make a tail attack against you. Oh, it's only 18 to hit. That is 28 points of damage as it smacks you with its tail. Next up Vax. Okay. That's an eight. Indeed. It stands there, not thinking much of you and a burst of fiery light surrounds his form. All of a sudden, you are very sure about where to hit and how. 23 hits. 48 massive points of damage. Shit. Damn. Cool. Sam. Scan! Lan. You're up! No, it smacked you with its tail away. It bit you, and then it was like (spits out), and hit you with its ass extension. I mean, have you done that before? Great. I should have that, but I didn't plan that far ahead. So we're going to turn you into this-- This giant werebear looking fucking thing. There you go. Okay, that's your turn. Okay, the cambion is up and he's going to multi-attack against you. 16 will miss. 24? Oh. 18? Nice. He has one last-- 25. Great, you only get hit once though, which is nice. He hits you with this fiery spear. That is 16 points of fire and piercing damage. So four points of damage. There you go. Brilliant. He's going to use his movement to-- Just right in your face! "Look how big my wings are in comparison to yours!" It is now the unicorn's turn. The unicorn rushes forward-- He is going to make two hooved attacks against you and a horn stabby in your face. That's true. 16? 25? And the horn. That hits. Because it's 27. That is 19 points of piercing and bludgeoning damage, respectively. And he will stay where he is. He will try to stand up again. For the brave-- (gasps) He's a show pony. Percy, you're up. Oh yes, sorry. You did stabby the fuck out of him. They all hit, very hard. Yep. He looks like he is quite surprised as to why he's there in the first fucking place, and that you are-- He will react to that extra salvo, (snarls) with all his stupid things. He is going to use Mind Blast right at you. I need you to roll an intelligence saving throw. Wasn't it you that he tried to suck the brain out of before? Yeah, that doesn't happen at all. Cool. Good deal. He is going to make a simple melee attack against you. Oh, yeah, he's restrained. He's just, like, baffled by how dominant you are in this whole thing. Yeah, he really wishes he wasn't here right now. He's not sure who he pissed off. Vex, you're up. Oh, make a strength saving throw. You break free of the vines and they wither and die in the ground. Great. I roll, don't I? What is it? That's a seven. He's pulled back on his heinies. Speaks more languages than you do. (hums) I mean, on his turn he might. How high? Looks like it's 120 feet to the top of the tower. That's good. At 40 feet you are hovering up at the top of the tower, and you hear somewhere above you a buzz of energy. I don't know how many this is. Well they're over here, so fuck it. How's this shit work? What was wrong with the first way I was doing this? Here, you're flying 40 feet in the air. Sam, make that work. Oh, here, there's a base over here! I'm sure there's a certain number of things you've got to count, but-- That's really high. You hear a buzz of energy above you, but you seem to be fine. Scanlan. No, Vax. No, T-rex! T-rex charges forward towards the triceratops, nurturing its ancient rivalry with such a foe. It will make a multi-attack. It will bitch slap you with its tail. 25. For 23 points of bludgeoning damage. And it will make a bite attack against you. 21. 4d12 plus seven. I suck at subtraction math. Adding, I'm okay. That is 37 points-- Of piercing damage. Good. Oh, you're a triceratops, you're all sorts of muscled up. Nice. Vax, it is your turn. He's just going to be like (grunts). As you go to cast Faerie Fire, you see it disperse along the barrier wall between your section and his. Unaffected. 23 hits. He's looking very rough. Scanlan, your turn. A two! The triceratops runs forward. No effect. (laughs) That's what the triceratops has got? Okay, the cambion getting its ass handed to it by Vax will look him in the face, and it will cast Command at-- let's say fourth level. You need to roll a constitution saving throw. 15, not good. He commands you to grovel in front of him, and all of a sudden you feel this overwhelming urge. You drop to your knees and you lay prone right in front of him, not able to get up. I'm a fan of puns, you get ten XPs. He will have advantage on his flaming spear attack against you. It was advantage. 39 points of piercing and fire damage, which is halved. Well, I don't know. Let's call it 20, down to 20. Let's call it 19 points. Good deal. There you are. Next up is the unicorn. Having heard your humanitarian pleas for peace-- Casts Levitate. Kidding, he doesn't have Levitate. Why did I move him? He's there. The unicorn who's stuck, which I totally forgot about, will use... Ooh! Yes! Teleport! He casts Teleport. Once a day he magically teleports himself within five feet of where he was. Poof! (laughter) No, any willing creatures within five feet, but that's what I saw first, so that's the rule. It can go up to a mile away, but it's five feet. (laughter) That is a 23. That is 22 points of damage. That ends its turn. Percy, you are up. Nope. You take it like a champ. That hits. If those two hit, just roll damage for those two. He's looking pretty gross. With the sword, right? As you take your silvered sword and repeatedly jam it into his general thorax and face, repeatedly-- Tentacles falling off like freshly cut sushi, he just falls backwards, guts spewing like Stephen King's The Thing. He is toast. As you walk to the wall, you notice that there seems to be no force field on your side of the tower. Oh, you tapped this one. I got you. You seem to see no effect. Vex. You better attack this fucking unicorn. I need you to make an acrobatics check. You plummet, falling toward its head. And at the last moment, having been affected by your wonderful message, it looks up. And you find yourself impaled, gored on its horn! It even jumps up and spins! You will take, jeez, 18 points of piercing damage. You just manage to roll off the horn, laying on your back across its mane. Not riding it, but just there for the moment. You're on your back, in a very uncomfortable arched position. The T-rex turns! Tail whip! That is 26 points of bludgeoning damage, and the bite attack against you-- Oh shit, fuck. Oh, 17. Okay, that is 39 points of piercing damage. Oh yeah? Vax, you are prone and up. An asshole for an asshole. That hits. Jesus. You're very good at adding all those dice for someone who's never played this game before. I'll take it. Oh god. Any other attacks after that? Yep, hits. And with that, the dagger pierces through the armor. And you hear (snarls) as a spurt of black blood comes out of its mouth. Its wings fall to the side. And it's like, "How did you..." And falls over dead. Scanlan, you're up. Oh yeah! Where is Scanlan? Six. Yes. In fact, you see ripples of energy just going out. And you start to smell fried alligator. He falls 50 feet. 25. Damn it, he's barely-- (groans) Oh really? So each round he'll take more of that energy damage. Fair enough. The unicorn, feeling this upside-down half-elf on his back, shakes you off. Sure. Roll an athletics check with disadvantage. Well, there you go. You fall-- Yeah, there you go. (laughter) The unicorn comes over, and begins to smell the fallen half-elf. "You showed me great "respect, Vex'ahlia. Your kindness will live throughout the ages. All the unicorns will be told "of your mercy." And it kneels down and touches its horn to the ground, and all of the enemies disappear. You also see a similar shimmer disappear from the barriers, and you can see the stones on the tower even more clearly than ever before. Like stones. Yes. Percy, you get over, and you see what seems to be some sort of humanoid figure. Roll a perception check. You see tattered clothes, but you also see slashes and big gashes and flesh peeling back. There's also bits of hair, multicolored, and big gashes in the floor. There's tons of gore, but it does appear as if whatever this was was mauled by something, almost. Very close to your own. Very similar. Yeah, because they do that. You come over and you're like, those are fucking clothes. Old brigade navy and, you know, all sorts of stuff that you kind of recognize but not really. Yeah, you bamf Trinket out of the necklace, and he's like, whoa, unicorn piss! And he goes right back in the necklace because I don't know where he went-- There he is. He's out. Yeah, roll the whatever that is. He's got that? Yeah, go for it, advantage style. What? Did you roll it on purpose? No, you've got to roll it on purpose! How do you do that? Trinket takes the meat and just starts gobbling it down. Trinket comes over and he begins sniffing the body, and he does recognize some of the scent. It's almost that of an animal, like perhaps another bear, or a wolf even. Some sort of animal scent on the body. Right then, Trinket (groans) and this little hairball covered in mucus comes out. (bear dry heaving) (laughter) That's what our dachshund does. Trinket takes 27 points of poison damage. Hold on. So Trinket (groans). Face first, ass up in the air, and goes back into your necklace. Trinket heals 15 points. Do you leave him out? "Well, I had the worst stomachache. I don't know, I ate that meatball from Scanlan and "then I fucking died. I don't want to make any assumptions, but--" (laughter) How does that shit work? You've got the card, right? Scanlan, make a deception check. He really doesn't know. He doesn't know what Trinket's talking about. Just roll a wisdom saving throw. You do believe him. He doesn't know. He seems quite flummoxed over Trinket's sudden-- You're interrupted by an explosion from the top of the tower. A sound of noise. (deep humming) A flash of light. Your attention is directed to the top of the tower. What do you do? It seems to have dissipated. Fly up. Spider walk. Climb. Athletics checks for Percy and Scanlan. Yeah. Athletics. Four plus three plus four, that's good. Great. As Percy is walking up the tower, he trips and falls into the tower and smashes his face and stands back up with his boots. You take eight points of smash-your-face damage. Scanlan, you fall after about 15 feet. You take eight points of bludgeoning damage. You start climbing back up to the tower. You all reach the top. It has a very similar-- just ignore that. Whatever. And there in the middle is your friend, Grog. He's like, "Guys! I "knew you would come and find me! I mean, one second we were all in the tavern, and then all of "a sudden it went hazy. You won't believe what I've had to go through. There was a big hallway with a "ghost, and then there were all these monsters." Roll an insight check. You can tell that Grog is telling the truth. "I had to walk through all these things and "I came to this door and I saw a star and I recognized the star on the door as the symbol of the "Dallas Cowboys and I went in and I found a healing potion and I had to go up. There was this thing up "there and I had to kill it, and when I did there was like a zoo I was in! There were all these "other creatures and these partitions and I'm here. I'm so glad-- did you teleport here, or Plane Shifty?" "You didn't fight your way here, did you? You didn't go through the rooms?" "I don't want to fight you." You hear a voice echo from above you as you see a cloaked, levitating figure take form. A female voice shouts out, "I need a hero! I need a hero until the end "of the night! He's got to be strong, he's got to be fast, he's got to be fresh from the fight!" And you see Trish the Dish floating above the platform. Trish, the god of Whitestone, looking down and saying, "I need one of you to be my champion." It's pretty close. You should hear her in church awful. You see now as Grog shakes his head, goes into a rage, and I need you all to roll initiative. Natural 20. You watch as Grog goes into a rage and you see a hesitation. He doesn't want to attack his friends. He looks down at his arm and you see there similar scrapes, cuts, gashes as you saw on the corpse below. He looks up, grins, and lets out a ferocious howl as he transforms into werewolf Grog! Destiny fulfilled! The time has come! He charges forward. He races towards Percy and will make a reckless Great Weapon Master attack. 26. That is 27 points of damage. Minus five. 20. 24 points of damage. That will end Grog's turn. Actually, he'll stay there because he's within melee range. Next up Percy. Is that dex? I'll look also. Thunderwave. Constitution saving throw. Nope. Jesus. I know, I hate the ones that have math. I'm already ten feet away, good. That's so casual! Okay! Vex, you're up. Trinket's going to run up? 22 hits. 12. You notice as you do all this damage of the physical variety, it's not doing as much damage as you thought it might. He's restrained. A raging werewolf. And remember, Grog has all damage halved. Sure. Advantage. Kick up on the broom and fly up? Nice job. Scanlan! How many hit points do you have? Bigby's Hand comes out. Crunch. 24. As you hit Grog with Bigby's Hand, you see the pain ripple through his body, and the wolf form fades, painfully. You see his wounds are all quite evident. He is already quite hurt from his struggles up the tower. He takes a knee and says, "I'm hideous. I thought I really wanted to be like this, "but I'm not sure it's all it's cracked up to be. Percy, you have a silvered sword. End it." "Wait, you're not really going to do it, are you?! Fuck! I was kidding. Jesus! Oh my god!" "We did, but I wanted to see if you'd go through with it! Hold on. "Let me get my courage up." Roll to attack. 26 will hit. It doesn't matter. The silvered sword sinks into Grog's chest. He goes, "Thank you, you dark motherfucker." And Grog falls over. You hear (laughs), as Trish the Dish, above in her robes, says, "I see a champion has fallen. You four. Hmm. Interesting. Another time, then." And she evaporates from the air. You find yourselves instantly transported back to the tavern, with Grog's bloodied body on the table, pouring everywhere, and the poor old innkeeper going, "Oh my god! You're going to have to pay for that." He dies. Timothy. What has the story taught you? How much you care and need Grog. The mystic werewolf powers within him will regrow, even in an unconscious state, any hair that you shave. And the sun rises on yet another day. Is there a DC save against persistent gonorrhea? You roll a d20 and I'll roll a d20. Ready? One, two, three. Eight. Persistent. The rest of her cursed life. And that will bring an end to our game. It really was good, right? It's not as good as the long-haired guy in the tavern down the way. If you want to see a real chapter, you should see him. No, I didn't. It was something like Bursar or Cathew. I missed it. Yeah, he's a champ. But think about what you want to do differently next time that was-- From a strategic-- I'm a genius at tactics. Percy, I like what you did. Scanlan, nicely done. A do-ron-ron? I'm a little bit tired because that was a three and a half hour game, right in that sweet spot. Who has the most XP? I have a bonus 500 XP to give, but you have to guess my favorite color. Percy guessed it. It's six. It was so good, I had to give it to you. I'm going to bed. Good night! And that's it! (cheering) You find in the distance, the T-rex and the unicorn find each other and start a new magical hybrid race. Well, that was awful. That math is impossible, as well as keeping track of that shit. I don't know how he keeps track of all that stuff. It's a mess. Yeah. It's a big struggle. It is a "stroogle." I suffer from the same problem Sam had. I think I had a bit too many enemies. Okay, good. Well, for those that stayed with us, thank you. That would be my first and probably only foray into being a BM master. We would like to thank our sponsor for tonight's episode Marvel Puzzle Quest. Yeah. Thor Ragnarok comes out this weekend, and we hope you all enjoy it very much. Laura and I will be gone, but next week is Marisha's Honey Heist, and there will be a Talks Machina on Tuesday, apparently. I won't be here to talk about it, but I'm sure you'll say lovely things. I will watch from Australia. Hey, man. Thanks. Your miniature collection is to be applauded. I looked at it, and I couldn't see the forest-- So lucky. Love you. Thank you, guys, and what's the old signoff? Is it Thursday yet?