I got that! Pacific Rim Uprising. It's going to be in theaters, RealD 3D, and IMAX tomorrow, Friday, March 23rd. My wife and I, we original Gipsy Danger fans, I'm just saying, I'm just going to put it out there, that's what we represent at the house. I'm telling you. You can get tickets now at PacificRimTickets.com. The movie takes place ten years after the first film. A mysterious organization has reopened the breach for the Kaiju, and a Jaeger has gone rogue. It is up to John Boyega and his sweet 'stache, and his character, Jake Pentecost, to fight back and prevent humanity's extinction. It is out tomorrow. I'm telling you, man. I just want one of those outfits. I just want a Jaeger pilot outfit formed specifically to my body. Yeah! I'll work it into the story! He destroys nothing except carpets with his pee. Pacific Rim Uprising, tomorrow night, go see it, because I got my tickets. I don't know if it could've been better. I love your tattoos! (sobs) Every month? Wow! Hard to say no to that. Yes! And the best name yet! Oh, hello! It sounds so good, much like an audio orgasm, just saying. Crisp! Taliesin and I can't sew that fast, okay? Well, not in that fucking place, shit! Somewhere better. Yeah, I think so. Probably one of those ones, too, where you pick it up and it fucking automatically charges you. Dicks. Yeah, they're little seals, little arcane seals underneath it. You pick it up and try to put it back, but the seal's gone. Yep. You know, if we're just going back-- Pumat Sol, what was the name of his spot? MARISHA AND No, it wasn't. Oh, yeah. How far away is the Invulnerable Vagrant? Is it late evening, like pre-midnight, or? You know what, never mind, I'll do it another day. Are we still in our rooms, or are we downstairs? (boom) (exhale) Damn it. I believe they said there would be more, I mean, we don't really have anything until this evening, remember there's that meeting that we have. It's going to take place in the cellar. You guys are going to join this time. Well, you don't all have to come. Some can stay above. I just wanted to put the invite out there. You know, I wanted to talk to you about your Fjord disguise. It is just a little obvious. I would want to see what your range was, in case you wanted to, I don't know, perhaps mimic one of our other companions. Maybe just one of them. Maybe you've got a patch over the other. Bald on top and red hair on the sides. Overalls with polka dots and a real big bow tie. And shoes bigger than you should be wearing! No! Not at all! (laughter) Just mull it over. Add it to your-- You're rolling your mind's Rolodex. Sometimes having a pupil teaches you something about yourself. Just saying. Give it a shot. Thanks, Jester. I appreciate that. You're not going to do the cloudy-eye thing when you're down in the meeting though, right? You go all static channel on us, we might be in deep shit. That's not until this evening, right? Yeah, I do. I enjoyed his company so much last time. Feel like we've got a little more coin to spend, might be smart to stock up on items. Why? Oh. Thought your mom was going to pay for it. Oh, good point. That's very smart of you, Jester. Should we set out to our various tasks, then? I'm going to the Invulnerable Vagrant! Yeah! You will love him. Oh, that's three! Do I hear four? Four? Four? (speeds into auction chant) (laughter) Can I grab my Mariner's studded leather armor out of my room and bring it with? (mutters) Vulnerable? Thought it was the Invulnerable. Oh, got it. Nice. We go in. Good to see you again! Boy, it is sure coming down outside, wish there was a way to dry off real fast. I am! (quietly) Fuck. (clears throat) What does it smell like? Sour cream and onion chips. We'll see what we can do. That is much better! Thank you, Pumat! That is wonderful! I had a question for you we found this armor down in the sewers and it seems to have some-- Right, yeah! Have you seen this armor before? Yeah, here's the thing. I spent a lot of time by the water when I was growing up, and when you live by the water, too much water theme in your design is overkill. You know, it's like the person that has the beach house and everything is shells and water and lobsters-- Yeah. I feel like this has some unique properties to it. Is there a chance that I could, I don't know, in some way transfer or copy some of that onto what I'm currently wearing? I have a little bit more intrinsic value with what I have. They're not really attached, I'm sorry. I don't know if shells fall out, so be careful. I forgot to tell you, there are multiple versions of Pumat. Apparently the other ones are called "Me me." Nott, hands in your pockets, all right? Okay. Is there any chance you could tell me how much it might cost? He's really very nice and accommodating. I'm sorry, a little-- 80? Eight zero, or one eight, 18? Right. Okay, let me think on it a bit. Nott, you had a request? That's mighty good. You get a fucking concussion. You know, Pumat, I think will take you up on that enchantment, 80 gold. It's a bit more than I was hoping to spend. I could overhear you offering an incentive for being a return customer. I did enjoy, most recently, unfortunately, one of your healing potions. Perhaps if I purchased a healing potion and the transfer of the enchantments, we could find some sort of a deal? Get it, get it, boy. 12, It's not terrible. I understand. Healing potions were how much again? 70 gold? 50 gold. Wow, I got to work on my fucking memory. Great, I will take a healing potion and the enchantment transfer, please. 30. Okay, thank you. Yeah, I take the breastplate part of my leather armor off and leave it with you. Yeah, that would be-- It's not that bad. You don't have to act like it-- New leather. That's amazing. It gives you some bonus. Yeah, we all do. Super squishy-ass, crispy tacos. I think you only have to kill the one. This conversation did not happen in the game, by the way. Got to attune to it? Yeah, I mean, we've got some good momentum right now, right? What could possibly happen? It looks incredible. It's found a place. Pumat, before we go, I wanted to ask you, I know that you're an annex of the Cerberus Assembly. How do you feel about the governing parties here in town? Are you happy with the way things are run? Right. Yeah. I think it's great that you support the barracks. Do they come in for regular purchases every week or every month or find themselves in your store more often than not? The members of the Cerberus Assembly. That's wonderful. Well, thank you, thank you for your time. Oh really? They're not as protective of certain knowledges as other parts of the government might be? But they might be a bit more open-minded to people sharing in that knowledge if they were the right type of person, say? I'm glad to hear that. Nott? Molly? You have everything you need? Did you want to bring the mirror with you? I was joking. Give Pumat Prime our best. Fuck. Thank you for not making me stand out in the rain for an hour without top pieces. Thank you. Oh, oh, oh! Maybe you know it. Your hands are going to be all sticky before you handle the books. Yep. Detail! Four score-- My shirt's gone back up. (laughter) (straining) A squared plus B squared equals C squared! Angels and demons. Breasts, or breaths? Heaving breasts. In a hole in the ground. Tumblr is so happy right now. The gauge of his pipe? Yeah, you were doing it. Is there a mailing list? Want to see my toys? Good luck adding that shit. Can I pull Molly aside? Hey, I wanted to ask you. When you stopped Nott from rifling through my shit last night, what was she looking for? She wasn't grabbing for anything in particular? She going through your stuff too or just mine? Just can't help herself, I guess. Fair enough. I'm going to wander around the back side of The Leaky Tap. I didn't. Actually, I happened to ask Pumat Sols, the plural, and he happens to be like an annex shop of the Cerberus Assembly. So he supplies goods to all parts of the kingdom, but he says they keep a good balance in check from the power of the empire. Keeps a tight leash. I didn't ask about any religious uprising or anything, but he seems like such a nice guy and doesn't seem the type to rat. Nobody stopped you? You got in all right? Oh good. How'd that go? Well I was just thinking, for this evening, maybe we should double-check there aren't alternate exits coming in and out of that cellar. Yeah, that dwarf didn't really give me a very good feeling. Right. You want to walk around the back to see if there's another way in? Can we go around the back of the tavern and look for back doors, floor latches? I'll help you make it. Which ones did you roll? With the plus. Locked off, chained? Does this alley have a lot of human traffic or are we on our own? I mean, I have a crowbar. Yeah. I have a crowbar. Can I try and pop the lock? Is it like a chain and a lock? Oh shit. That's not as good. Yeah, that's true. That is what she does. You want to go snag her? I'll keep an eye. I do a quick look. Both ends of the alleys and on the windows around the area. Mine's okay. 16. Shh! I cover her mouth. No windows? No windows facing that way. I have my orc-- Go for it, yeah. Might as well use that. That's cocked. I come down at the mention of a skeletal wrist. Are there any other bodies in this cellar? Well, I'm going to leave because we're all three down here and go back up to the top and keep an eye. No other ways in or out, huh? Close the door up, run the chain back through, put the lock on it, but don't lock it. Not really, because if Caleb's going to be down there with us-- I think, if we start screaming or you hear a ruckus-- See, down there I'm not so worried. MARISHA and Yeah, somebody outside The Leaky Tap, another person on the inside to run interference, because you can buy us a couple seconds. Yeah, couple layers, right? Nah. I'm so happy. I remember my 12 and 13-year-old excursions into the back of the comic book store with the 18 and up section. Oh man. "How old are you kid?" "Pretty old." Yeah! "A risky 14"? Areski! We don't even know who he is yet, right? I am too. Yeah, and I was thinking. So the three of us are down in the meeting. The three of us. Nott, if you could be outside, letting us know if any crownsguard or other surly types look like they're coming in to raid the place, you send a Message, and then you two run interference if they actually make it inside the doors, in case we haven't made it out yet. Yeah, whatever you do, buy us some time. I believe you. These Knights of Requital. (laughing) Damn it. Son of a bitch. What you reading there, Jester? Of course you are. In size 38 font in your fucking notebook. Does it? No, leave it alone. Stop. Sick. Did we recognize the other human male that he's with? Does he seem to be armed, or shady, or have lots of scars on his person? 13. "How were his shoes." That's right, yeah. Dolan's last name? Sure. Any reason why? Taverski? Sure. Is this guy from where you're from or something? Old mate of yours? Taverski. Would he know you if I was like, "Hey, friend of ours named Nott--" I'll find out his last name. I'm sure he won't mind. That's right. Crownsguard, rough-looking types, people that are armed, right? You keep a fucking swivel. It's your best disguise yet. Nott? Oh, I'm sorry, I forgot it was you for a minute. Oh. Tton. Tton. Yeah. T-Ton. You ready? Let's see what they want to do. It's these three jackasses. Yeah, I'll take a seat. We haven't said too much, but we thought that he might be somebody you'd be interested in. Very clever, has no love for the Empire. Thought we could let you decide for yourself. Caleb, this is Dolan. Dolan, this is Caleb. Dolan, do you have a last name? Well, I have one question. This Lord Sutan? What's to keep the High-Richter and the Lawmaster from just going and snatching him up and putting him in chains? Yeah, well, we're going to forge this letter from Lord Sutan, right? Saying that there's an assassination attempt against the Richter. We go to the Richter's place, we tossle it, then we deliver a letter from Sutan, saying there was an attempt of the Richter's life. So if I was the Richter, and I went to the Lawmaster, I'd just go disappear Lord Sutan. Your Richter will stay in his seat, and you'll be short one Lord, if I'm not mistaken. Horris, if you don't mind me asking, what was your practice? As well. I'm not shy of a conscience. I'm afraid I'd need to know a little bit more about this High-Richter Prucine. Hopefully, he's a terrible individual. I remember you saying that. I mean, I hate to say anything else without seeing something for ourselves. You seem to have a good plan for getting rid of Sutan, but it seems you might need some further measures to get rid of this Richter as well. Do you feel like the Empire, or the Lawmaster, is onto your group? Your Knights of Requital? Do they know your name? I have a proposal for you. Are you one hundred percent sure that they haven't heard of your name, Knights of Requital? How attached are you to that name? If you ever want someone to stop looking for something-- they'll stop as soon as they know that thing is gone, or dead. So how about we frame High-Richter Prucine as the head of this Knights of Requital and let the law handle it the way they will. And we'll take care of Lord Sutan at the same time. I hate to do away with a great name, but you work with what you have. You could workshop it. Do you have any secret symbols? Or stamps or seals that you use for communication that we could plant in the house, or the place of dwelling of the High-Richter? A ring, a piece of jewelry? If we frame this the right way, it sure would do a lot for your ambitions to become that High-Richter, Dolan, if you were the ones to turn in the evidence. I think it would be. Yeah. This will work. Is her name Kara? Kara, I like the enthusiasm you had about your plan. What sort of skills could you bring to this equation? Are you stealthy? Sneaky? That can be done. We have other associates, upstairs. We didn't want to encroach too much on your space. We'd like time to confer with them over the night, perhaps meet again midday tomorrow. We should find a new spot, though. Repetition is a recipe for disaster. We're actually quite new. Maybe you could provide one. Consult your paperwork. Song and Supper Inn? How far from here? How much time to travel? Not far? Fair enough. Shall we call it just after noon tomorrow? The Inquiry. It's got a nice ring to it. Thank you for trusting us. I believe we can make quite the impact with these movements. You gotta pull up. Pull up! You see Fjord shift his weight. Would you like to exit first or should we? Much obliged. I head out. Wow, louder than I thought it would be. Thank you, Nott. Yeah, thank you for keeping an eye out. Would you like to join us inside? Nott? Would you like to-- Hello? Thanks for keeping an eye out. Caleb, impressions? Well, my takeaway is that they want to unseat some of the corrupted seats of power here in the city. If that's true, if there is an abuse of power, I'm all for removing those corrupted seats and putting people of worth in their place. I'm also not keen on taking the word of someone else without getting some evidence of our own. We don't. While we're following them, perhaps we should try and find out what we can about this-- Lean in closer. Closer. This High-Richter Prucine. I don't know. I couldn't see it. Yeah it should be every time. It's a rule. You can drop that, uh-- You know what we also need? I want some eyes on this High-Richter. We should find out where she lives and how she treats people, see if the stories are true. Sure. We might need to find out where she lives tonight, though. I should have asked, but I forgot. No, the High-Richter is just an official. Not if you have official business with the Richter. It's very urgent business. Exactly what I was going to suggest. Well, we don't need to, Caleb-- To answer Caleb's question, we kind of forgot to discuss that part. We're new at this. We will address that tomorrow, for sure, before we proceed any further. You're right, there should be compensation. No, I think we should all go. They should get a look at us as a whole, see who they're dealing with, just in case there's any shady shit. What would you like to look like? It's at your discretion. Anybody feel like finding out where this High-Richter lives this evening? Let's do it. How do we do that? (laughing) That's a great idea. Jester. Charm him, ask. What about that big white dragonborn, maybe he knows? Yeah. Perhaps we should rest tonight and plan this little needy-folk charade in the morning. We can always take the sewers into the Tri-Spires. Caleb, you've mentioned you tried to get into the Tri-Spires and you had a disguise on, and it didn't-- Do you think it was just in that passage way or do you think it's the entire Tri-Spire area? The entire Tri-Spire? That'll be it. We use the sewers to get in, disguise ourselves, avoid detection, find out what we need to know. Shall we retire for the night? MARISHA and I'll head up to my room first and I'll pull Molly up with me, because I need to have a word with him. Molly, listen. I can't get over the fact that Nott was going through my stuff. I want to set a little bit of a trap. Yeah. I just want to see if she's learned her lesson or not. I'm going to put an object in the middle of the room with our door open, and we're going to hide out of sight. You game? Great. I'll use Minor Illusion to put in the middle of the room a bundle of buttons with a tall, shiny flask covered in jewels, right in the middle of the room. I mean, I guess so. Once she's in, we're going to shut the door. I want to figure out what the fuck she's sneaking around for. Okay. 16. You've been reading too much smut. (laughter) It's just an open door with a bunch of buttons and a flask in it. As soon as she comes in the door, the door slams shut. Molly, get the window! Nott-- No. We are going to have a talk. Don't try any funny business. Why are you trying to sneak through our stuff? Molly told me! Molly told me you were in here rifling through my stuff. What were you looking for? Do I believe her? Natural 20. That's why I brought you in here. My letter? But, Nott, why? Well, why? What would Caleb do with it? You wouldn't want me to have that sort of ability, you'd rather Caleb have it? You do? Why, Nott? Why do you need him to be powerful? Nott, what do you need to be saved from? Absolutely. (clears throat) Nott, I hope you will learn to trust us and rely on us like you do Caleb. We may not be as powerful as he is, or has the ability to become, but certainly we can help you. Are you worried about something or someone in particular finding you? I understand. I'm sorry if we've upset you. Not for some reason, I'm just cool in general, Nott. I'm just cool in general, Nott. This shit is amazing. Just for now, though. Promise me that you will not go through my things anymore when I'm not around, and that the items that I have belong to me? Change you? (clears throat) I understand. I know what it feels like to be ashamed or worried about what you look like. I do. You think so? Well, I didn't always look like this. I wasn't always a handsome half-monster thing. A kid, just like anyone else. Yeah. Yeah. Stumpy, short. Big teeth. Little bit. Just sort of mis-proportioned. Listen, if we get to the-- If my MySpace is still up, you could see them. Goes back a tick. Nope. No, I did my own dental work. Listen, if we get to the Soltryce Academy and that letter doesn't do me any good, I promise, you could have it and we'll make sure Caleb has a shot. Most definitely. You look out for us, we'll look out for you. You cannot have my stuff. Okay, easy! Easy! Open up the door! I open the door and I slowly open it up like trying to funnel a rat out of the room. Here you go. Remember what we talked about. I stick my foot out right when she runs by. You should be fine. Man, that was more than I thought. What do you make of all that? Are you praying over your swords tonight? All right. Can I join you? Great. Yeah, the hard turn! Killed it in one night. Damn. Yep. Downstairs. Oh, that's the worst. Would you call it a blue balls feeling? Morning, Nott. So we set out our plan. Sewers. Make ourselves look like poor folk. Make our way into the Tri-Spire. Upper middle. Medium well? Do we know if the High-Richters normally rule on or govern over? Or stolen by the Baumbauchs? I mean, if we do something that a family within the Tri-Spire needed representation, the law upheld, but the Richter turned an eye because a more powerful family was winning out, then that person is shit. From the brewery, that we took in session zero. I don't know if he would hold sway, but if he doesn't pursue justice, for someone of the Tri-Spire, that should tell us enough. The Baumbauchs are very influential and powerful. What do you think, Molly? Doesn't Timalt make hardware? If the High-Richter doesn't say, "You're right, this is injustice, let's take it to the Lawmaster," then that Richter sucks. Puppy crime. So they stole from our invoice and they took all our Saint Bernard puppies. Okay. What time, exactly, of the day? Oh, god! Yeah, we have to. Well, let's pick up your cloak and make our way. Why didn't we try to forge a writ, damn it? I could have one of them beat the shit out of the other one. Let's do that. I cast Crown of Madness on one of the guards. Hopefully from an area where they don't see me casting it. Oh no! 14! Oh, I have advantage? Nah. Yes, it is! 14. Kick his ass, sea bass. Nott! Quick, let the lock on the sewer thing, let's go! I thought it was locked! 14! Everybody in! 14! Yeah, I might've fucked that thing up. He might get demoted, a couple day's pay. No, come on! Ten. Did not think about what to do once we got into this part of the plan. Right, yeah. Yeah! I cast Disguise Self. Very long black cloak with gold trim, like a nice trim goatee and slicked back jet black hair. Piercing blue eyes, nice looking human. Cloak, gold trim? Great analogy! Fated to do well. Hello sir, excuse me. I'm sorry to bother you, we have business with the High-Richter. Is there a chance that you could point us in his direction-- her direction. I really don't care, we're just delivering a parcel. Wonderful, thank you for your time. Nott, your mustache is much nicer. Do you know what a mime is? You just mime this mission. Ask for an audience, yeah. Maybe if we say that we were sent by the Lawmaster, for the High-Richter to make a ruling. Good instinct, what do you think? Jester, I'd like you to come. Nice. Molly, what do you want to do? Indeed. What would your name be in this situation? I'm just trying to think ahead. Lovely. Lawrence? Are you staying out here with Nott, Caleb, or are you going to come in? If we make it in. That's right. Wish us luck. I walk up to one of the two crownsguard outside the door. "Yes, please, look lively, unfortunately we've been sent here from the Lawmaster, we have some very urgent business with High-Richter Prucine. Please, if you wouldn't mind, would you fetch her?" Natural 20. Oh, High-Richter, it's so lovely to see you again. I know it's been quite a while. Brantley. We met-- must have been years ago now. You remember the Gala. Yeah! 14 plus four, 18. I understand. A bit of terrible business, actually. Our family has been unfortunately at the poor end of some corporate espionage, and I'm afraid the Baumbauchs, isn't that who they are in Trostenwald? Just a wretched fellow. They've made off with quite a bit of our product, and we have some evidence against them. We tried to take it to the Lawmaster, of course, we didn't want to trouble you, but-- Absolutely. I'm sure justice will be swift, but unfortunately, much of our family's finances are wrapped up in this. At least you have the diamond, right? I'm sure you can understand our situation. We have already done that exact thing! We wouldn't waste your time with such rudimentary worries, but– Well, frankly, the Lawmaster in Trostenwald seemed to show you very little respect when we mentioned your name, and being that our family is so influential around here, we're going to be tossed to the wayside if justice isn't found. Surely you understand that. Was that what you said? It was merely a few pennies for your time. Yes, I mean certainly if you feel like doing justice on its own– I would like to see people taken care of that take care of us. Well, of course! Yes, I believe we are. Thank you for your time. We're most gracious. But since we're inside of that seven-foot wall windows, doors, security measures, how many floors? Shuttered? Wooden shuttered closed? I mean, they're kicking cats in this bitch, so it's not that far off. You embarrass me! Please make sure she's beaten as you lead her away. I apologize for his fuddy-duddyness. Thank you for your time. Good day. Yeah, that was good. Well, we walk a fair distance away from the crownsguard and we see Caleb and little pallbearer. Like a small Morticia Addams. Well, I mean she said that dogs should be fed to the larger ones. Right, but imagine if she had gotten her eyes on you. I mean, don't know what she would have done. But that means she's got to die. Is it just the Tri-Spire, or is it everywhere? Certainly, your fears are founded. If there's not enough pay, then obviously it's not worth the risk. But I have to say, that even after meeting them for the second time, I feel like these people, they're good folks. I think they just want to see their city bettered. Honestly, that Dolan fellow I think would do better in a seat of power than this current wench. I think that's fair. And there's still many things to figure out. We have to look after this Lord Sutan. But first, we should see to that afternoon meeting, about the coin. We should address that straight out. Yeah, I guess we do. We're meeting them at the Song & Supper Inn. Just after noon. I was not specific. Yeah. Don't make me say it. I'm trying not to. It took us 45 minutes to walk here. The rest of you are welcome. Molly, keep an eye on the room. (whispers) We've got to look for that motherfucker more often. Sure. We did some casing of the High-Richter ourselves. She's not the most savory type. I believe some of my associates have a question of, well, the unsavory topic of payment. That's about the same as the King's Hall, yeah. Would anyone of your group like to be joining us? Kara or Ulog, yourself? I tend to believe him just because we haven't seen him. Did you happen to draft up any of those Knights of Requital documents I asked for? Symbols? That's actually nice work. I hate to burn it, though. Got Dolan drawing it. A moment for us to confer, if you don't mind. I don't get that impression, do you? Maybe not just yet. I like the offer, though. They'll get their return back if he's High-Richter afterwards, though. We're just being paid to empty the seat, not to put him in it. Nott, Caleb? I know you had reservations. We'll see what kind of plan we can come up with. We have a day. You hear thunder. We have a day, right? When we will strike! Jester, how do you feel? Oh! okay. We can call them back over. Til tomorrow. I actually like what Molly said. I feel like tomorrow night, before we go, you should do your thing on Ulog. That would work great. I think they'd understand, too. If we did it too early, I think they-- cause you to cause suspicion. After all, we're only trying to make sure that this isn't a trap set for us. Make you feel better, if we had the answer. What do we do this evening to prepare? Well, I was thinking more along the lines of checking out Lord Sutan. They just left and we forgot to ask where the fuck he is! Twice! Can we run out after them? MARISHA and Oh god. Oh! 15. One sec. (panting) You dropped this money. (whispering) Where do we find Lord Sutan? Just take it and say thank you! (whispering) Okay, don't worry about it. (panting) They don't know. Yeah. They know where he lives. In the Tri-Spire. Yeah. Maybe that guard got his job back. I'm sure he's fine. Well, we got to figure out where the Lord Sutan's estate is, get a wax seal, a writing, forge his hand. Fair enough. Yeah, at dawn, we plan. Yep! We got Pumat Sol back, man! We need Pumat every once and awhile. That's right!