(mumbling) Nine. Were you an accomplice in this fucking thing? You have to play like that all night. New level. Hope it was worth it. It went down instead of up, didn't it? That's what you get! You call down the thunder and you pay for it! That's why you wouldn't hug me before the show. No hugs before the show when you're up to shit. You're going to be so sticky. What's it taste like? Peppermint? Laura, were you recruited to help with that? Mm-hmm. I'm actually very proud of you. He finally snapped! He covered himself in fake blood! That's right! New York City, we are coming to you guys! East coast, this show is finally for you. We are going to be at the United Palace theater in Washington Heights, Thursday night at 900pm, October 4th, the Thursday before NYCC. It's our first time on the east coast; take a train, take a plane, take an automobile! Whatever it takes, come and see us. I do believe that the VIP tickets are sold out, but there are plenty General Admission seats still available. It is a gorgeous theater. Liam, back me up. It is! Gorgeous, proscenium arch theater for those of you that are theater nerds like us. We would love to see you there. It's going to be raucous and amazing. If you haven't made it to our GenCon liveshow or one of the ones we did in LA back in the day, don't miss it. Yeah, the one we did in LA. It's frenetic and crazy, so please, please come and join us. It'll be amazing and I'm sure Sam will dress entirely normally. Jump right in. Best way to learn to swim. (deep voice) Go faster! Ridiculous. They're going to be dead in a day. Oh, jesus. This area is known for its entertainment. I mean, everybody's seen the ocean before, right? Wait, one, two, three? Never seen the water? You should, it's amazing! Have you not, either? Four?! Wow. I feel like we're about to improve all of your general experiences of the world. Maybe we drive towards the coast and then, you know, take the PCH down to Nicodranas? What do you think? Yeah. Carmel-by-the-Sea's a peach. Jester, Caduceus looks awful confused. Maybe you could fill him in again about why your-- No, I do. I'm looking out for our tall cow friend. No, I know what's happening. I'm just trying to, you know, schedule a tea break. Would you remember his name? Did he just visit all the time, or is he well known in Nicodranas for business, or shady dealings? Oh, you just found out afterwards. Yep, indeed. The road down is treacherous. The benefit of being on the coast is that you limit your field of danger, right, it's only going to come from one direction. That's just something to keep in mind. Yeah, no. Not true, actually. I have never seen-- Nope. That could be a pituitary thing. I have never seen a sea creature in my life. Did you really? Do I believe her? Ooh, that's not terrible. Oh, it is terrible. 14. Oh, shit. Okay. Oh, I mean, as close as you want to be. If you want to put your feet in, it's an amazing experience. It's colder than you might think. From where we are now, would I have any idea how far from the gates that we just-- have we passed through the gates? Well we're so close, we might as well stop in-- Yeah. Well, or your mom's place. Whatever you want to do first. Yeah, I forget you haven't seen it. So if you look in one direction, and you look immediately to your left and then immediately to your right, all that shit is ocean. All of it. And as far as-- you see that line? The horizon? That's all ocean, too. It is. Blue skin gone? Super tan skin? Those are seagulls. They are some dickheads. If you leave food out, they'll snake that shit in a second. Oh yeah. And they drop shit on you from above, so keep your eye out. These ones in particular are pricks. Oh, the lessons. Right? Pretty nice. Soak it up, man. See, Nott? Easy as pie. I think his ears are underwater. I'm not stopping her. Say goodbye to that King Charles spaniel. So happy. Can't wait for this to go wrong. Well yeah, sure. Nott, are you sure you don't want to come in? I'm sure Jester would hold your hand or something. Okay. I'll walk up to the shore and put my boots in, ankles deep, in the water and stand there. Then I'll summon the falchion next to my side. Hmm. How far out is Caleb in the water? Can I use Misty Step to appear right next to him in the water and scare the shit out of him? Whoa, hey! All right there, chief. Okay, all right, you're good. Sorry. Sorry, I just figured you want some company. It's really tranquil, isn't it? Yeah. You seem very at home in the water, I'm surprised. Caleb? I mean, I must commend you. A lot of people are very trepidatious in the face of a force of nature like this. It suits you very well. Oh, I didn't leave it intentionally. I tried to make my way back up north to see if I could learn more about the sword and everything. But I've always loved the water, yeah. It does, yeah. I would live right on the water if I could. Yeah. Yeah. I take care of what I need to take care of, I think a calm life on the water would suit me just fine. Those sandbars are unpredictable, man. They drop right the fuck off. That's an old wives' tale, it's not true! What is it with Nott and the water, do you have any idea? It might be, yeah. I think that might have been the tentacle that Jester saw from-- You're actually in for-- this is a treat. The sunsets are gorgeous here. No, we're going with you, yeah. Agreed. Well, we should definitely go see Jester's mom. Listen, the ocean will be here and we've got plenty of time to come back and fish, all sorts of stuff. I know, I can feel the disappointment-- Yeah, I know. But hey, the anticipation keeps building, right? And then, payoff. We'll get you some floaties. Yep. They'll sink you like a stone. Fair enough, it is getting dark. Let's dry off, get our clothes back on, and get moving. But you get amazing storms, right? Thunder, lightning. It gets foggy here sometimes. Oh. Well. That's just the jellyfish sting taking effect. This is all very familiar to me. Yeah. Well, just on our way up into-- Yeah, I'm from Port Damali, but I had seen her a couple times in the city. Right. As we're walking through to make it to Jester's mom's place, any familiar faces catching eyes? Nine. We can tell from their posture that they're not on leave; they're actually there more on duty? It's more of a cush posting. No, they're pretty legit. Because honestly, this is where the bigwigs go, so they want the best, right? They're not going to take a bunch of jack-offs with them. Yeah, the Clovis Concord is iron clad. It's some hefty penalties. Everything from stealing to murder puts you away for quite a while, and it's a hefty fine. That whole spectrum in between. You can fill in everything that happened in your mind when I said those two. It applies to that shit as well. Kidnapping? Yeah, in between those two. They don't like them. Don't fuck with the postal service. I shouldn't have surprised you, man, I'm sorry about that. Shit. Sorry. You've got to-- nah, I'm not going to say it. Do we have to pay to get in? What was your name again? Fiona Fancypants? Okay. Just Fiona. Do they check weapons at the door, anything like that? You're still very tall. A simple what? That sucks! There's more where that came from if you take good care of them. The dog's going to piss everywhere. Oh. Yeah! You just got peed on! Beautiful. Oh, yes! I got to give it up. You said with those nine people that are in the room, how many tables are there about? Ten tables. Fiona, do you recognize anyone in this room? You do? But I meant the patrons. Anybody that--? Yeah. Is it better near the front, or in the back? We'll get as close to the stairs as possible. After he peed on you? You're going to see a show, what could happen? That's great! Was she happy to see you? While we've been sitting down there, I have not disguised the way I look. Any glances, looks, anybody we recognize? Anybody lingering on us? Oh yeah, we're here. We are here. Feet up on the other chair? What? Move on, friend. The whole fucking society is based off of tipping. Yeah! [break] Fourpony? (singing) D&D! (singing) D&D Beyond! That was really... something. You can't even watch ASPCA commercials. It was mesmerizing, Jester. I mean, she really had an effect on the room. Was it just me, or did the lights seem to dance when she was singing? You have that! Making them want an encore, huh. Stunning. Do you ever wish you could do what she does? Your singing voice is nice. Oh that's right. Man, that was our first-- Did you want to spend more time with your mother? Did you-- He didn't look very happy. Does she have to deal with a lot of jealous suitors? She's got lots of security, obviously. This place seems, you know, pretty well-- I think we'd all like to meet her. Would tomorrow be the time for that? Marquis Demesne. "Mar-quez." It's a pleasure. I can see where Jester gets her good looks from. I'll give it a kiss. I do. I try to. She's good. She's very good. Always with the teeth. She's been very helpful in a few frays. We owe her quite a bit. Nott, remember what we talked about? Criminal penalties-- Yeah, that's one. A1. Bingo. Indeed. Would you mind if I asked your mom a few? Just because you're so well-established in this region, so well-known and connected as you mentioned, does the name Marius LePual ring any bells? Well, if it wouldn't be too much of an inconvenience. Ionos is another name mentioned in the letter. No. It's "many thanks to you." I think it's an I. Please, we don't want to get you in any sort of trouble-- Oh, sure, discretion is appreciated. The who? SAM and I don't mean to pry into your business too much, but are your appointments exclusively here, or have you ventured to his place? Understood. Do you know where we might be able to find him? Does he say where he stays? (sirens) Understood. I'm sure with a personality as large as his, it won't be too hard to find some information on him, some gentle poking around. That you do. Jester, I have to say, I don't feel any great rush to continue on out of the city until you at least feel that your mother is safe and protected. Jester looks extremely motivated. Perhaps we taking care of this simple errand for you might help compensate for a few nights stay? Leaky Tap. Oh my god, we're freaking out! Keep it together! What was he named? Draw off! Those are some huge sweat drops. Jester, that is quite the revelation. Your dad-- I mean, Babenon-- is tracking us. Oh god. Probably doesn't bother your mom. Please tell me it plays with those exact pauses. You're 60. Thank you. Yeah, let's call it a night. Thank you. How do you feel? Did you want to have a drink and think about it, or go for a walk? What about a night swim? We've done very right by him, but we've also tipped him off to the fact that you assume that he might know your mother at a more intimate level. Would be nice to see his face when you ask the question, you know what I mean? Well-- Should we turn in for the night, then? He came from the sea? Yeah. Four poster, gaudy-ass-- How'd you sleep, Jester? You know, I was thinking one thing that might help take your mind off this is making sure your mom stays safe. Right? Take some solid steps to making sure that-- Galdar? Yeah. There is actually a lot to do this morning. I feel like we should send some to check out the lighthouse, maybe talk to the Wharfmaster, and maybe send someone to-- Yeah, just some lax scouting, you know? Anything, I think. Yeah, I would like to find the Wharfmaster. We've managed to enter relatively quietly. I think if we can maintain a certain level of anonymity, we can acquire some decent knowledge. Meet back here in a little while and share? I suppose we could. Lighthouse and the Wharfmaster? Ooh, I like it. Midday? I would like to talk to the Wharfmaster. Plus it would be a good chance to ask around about Algar. He's influential in the city. Who's going to the lighthouse? Okay. You three. Nott, do you want to come to the Wharfmaster so you can take a swim? Yeah. Guns out. Four to the lighthouse, two to the Wharfmaster. I like it. Before we get there, I pull Beau aside. All right, so this is my turf. There may be some familiar faces. We came in before and I didn't change the way I looked. I wanted to see if maybe that caused a rustle. I'm going to change the way I look now. Yeah. I don't know. I want to ask about my old crew and my captain. Son of a bitch betrayed us and all that. I don't want people to know that I'm alive. When I was back in Port Damali and I went looking through stuff, my mere presence there when none of the rest crew was was enough to get looks. It's what drove me out, so I think I'll be able to discover more if-- -- me. Yeah. Sure. Yeah. Yep. I'll use Mask of Many Faces to make myself look like a very tanned human with jet black hair pulled back into a tight ponytail in the back. With a black goatee. Maybe slightly overweight. (laughter) My name is Sheagal. (Sean Connery voice) Steven Seagal. Oh god, yes. I know what that modifier is. No! Thank you. That was the same roll both times. That was really shit. Eight. Yeah, I don't know. I'll make my way up to him, if he's not busy. (raspy, older voice) Yes, I'm so sorry, I was wondering if I might be able to speak with the Wharfmaster. And I'll produce two gold coins and start to rub them together. I'm sorry, we're quite new in town, unfortunately, my companion and I. We are from Port Damali, where we are trying to put down our business roots here. I'm sorry, does Vandren and his crew, do they make shipments here regularly? It's one of my return clients. 26, off of a natural 19. Oh. Why did I roll advantage on that? 20. Why did I do that? Sorry. You don't say. That's quite unfortunate. I've been given a task here in town. Algar, does he do a lot of business here on the wharf? I happen to have crossed paths with him one night while drinking. I guess we made quite the impression on him, and we are to deliver some items to his place of residence. However, my friend here was shit-faced and we forgot to ask where he lives. I was hoping, perhaps, if you could give us a point in the right direction? Oh yes, then, that would be most helpful. The Sluice Weave. Not loose leaf, Sluice Weave. Oh fantastic, that helps us immensely. Do you know of anyone else looking for a merchant, perhaps on the cheaper side, services? Yes, rare things and very boring things, at times. Dezima? Wonderful. This has been most helpful. Well, I thank you for your time. Are there any available docks for rent or for lease if we happen to come upon some vessels or ships? One other thing, we heard a gentleman over at the bar speaking, and someone called out to him, "Marius LePual." Does that ring-- how do you say that name? How were we saying the last name? 15. Yes, very gregarious personality from what we could see. What does he do exactly? That is where we should look. Ah, yes. We did notice actually last night, there seemed to be an influx of strange characters coming in last night. Did you happen to see anything around this area? Anything in particular that caught your eye? I'm sorry, I'm so new here. I was just hoping to acclimate myself and perhaps-- Ah. Yes. Perhaps it's time we take our leave. Thank you. Maybe we do like the three backward steps and then the turn and then both walk out. Yeah, you were great! Yeah, that came out of nowhere. You got a lot better at that. Okay. So, I don't know, where do we start? Well, I guess we meet back up with the others. I know. Smash. All right, let's get him. We're going to head to-- what time is it, ish? Oh shit, fuck. Yeah, we should go meet with the others. He's a damn serial killer, I knew it. Calm motherfucker. The triple blink afterwards. We shoot horses outside, just on Tuesdays! Oh my god, I love her. Oh, fucking callback. Amazing. Fuck your character names. So good. Shit. You're not ganking that telescope. I've mastered standing so still. I was going to say, as we're walking, can we snag a passerby and ask what that structure is? (raspy voice) Yes, we're new in town and couldn't help but notice that structure there. Very unique. What is it? There's a mage that owns this district? They don't get on, do they? Around the Tide Peak, do we see the Zolezzo, the guards around it? Or is it not as guarded as other structures are? Are we far away? Hundreds of feet? Less? I'm sure a detour wouldn't hurt us. A closeup. Scenic. Let's do it. We'll make a detour to go closer to that on the way to the Open Quay. No bodies of water, pools, lakes, decorative? How close did Beau get to investigate like that? I thought he said, "before you started to melt." Weird that they're avoiding the thing. And green. Why so different? Can we touch the outside of it? Do you see an entrance? Is it a super long-- like a tower? How about we nonchalantly walk by the entrance to get an idea. I didn't see a door. Windows? 25-feet-up balcony, and other balconies above that? Oh shit, it's real tall. Well, how do you get into a tower with no doors? Yep. You can't parkour up that wall 25 feet, can you? Yes. I absolutely would love it. 25 feet is pretty far. I'm helping her, I'm giving her the old (grunting). Ugh! I did not catch her. I'm sorry, I'm not real strong. I thought you'd make it up. You're getting damage because of that. We'll let the others know? Okay, and we'll go to the Open Quay. We were trying to get into the tower. There's no doors. Well, I've seen it several times coming through before. It's called the Tide Peak, but there are no doors. Did they have doors? Yeah, everybody seems to be avoiding it, it sticks out in the general area, and there's no doors. I just found it odd. Maybe it's a puzzle? Oh, maybe! They said there's a mage here that presides over this district. Jester, do you know anything about this tower? We heard the same! Pretty sure it's the Sluice Weave. Why? Oh, you need an invite? We were here on time, you know. Long and rather skinny, so. We did find out that Marius LePual-- fuck that last name. He's sometimes seen at some of the taverns around, some of the shadier ones. The Skew or the Open Quay. Yeah, we're in the district, it's like a wharf. The Meandering Treasurer? Is a shop. Yeah. Yeah, Wayfarer's Cove is-- is supposed to be delivered to Marius-- We got to take what's given to us and right now we don't have an invite to get down to the Sluice. So we might as well go by The Wayfarer's Cove. We're going, we're on the way, we're going. Unless you want to fuck with this tower a little bit.The tower is super interesting to me. It's 400 feet tall, no doors. Can you climb 25 feet? Ooh, salt. Yes? We are continuing on, but I just want to point out that the place with no doors also fucking shrunk. Yeah, it tickles your pickle, doesn't it? Within, something's up, mm-hmm. Make it do the thing. Yeah, like a sea-- like a normal crew mate. If you are near NYC, make your way over!