I have experience being a quartermaster, so I'll do that as well. Of course, I'll bring them up. Indeed. Oh god. What? (exclamations) That's a shit-load of jewels. Oh, fuck. Will do! Jester, Deuce. Up top. Well, I'm sure it's a ship of innocents. We don't want to stray from our path, correct? I'll use the spyglass. 20. Captain, are you in a habit of intercepting said vessels in your time at sea? It's important that you know in my previous life I had encounters with pirating vessels as well and most of those experiences I did not enjoy. You say no need for a loss of life? Or stubborn. Well, my fellow boatswain and navigators to be? Nope? Boatswain and carpenter? Yeah. Okay, carpenter and-- What are you? Oh, well, I had that completely fucking backwards. I take real good notes. What say you on such a dangerous expedition as this? Oh yes, of course. You're not wrong. Jester? You're up for a scrap on the seas? What would we give them? Very well. As long as we abstain as well as we can from violence and as long as your men in the crew understand my disgust at such tactics, I think we can make our way towards an intercept. Well, you said we need supplies right? I felt like your words were different before. Listen, we're going to not use violence all right? I'm not-- Do me a favor. Spread the word amongst the rest of us and make sure the rest of the crew hears as well. I don't want innocent blood shed if it can be helped. Thank you, Jester. Nope. Is the big ogre-- Yes, that name. Can I find Bouldergut? Bouldergut? I'm sure that is just for show, yes? It's important you understand I have an agreement with the captain. No unnecessary bloodshed. You will make sure that the rest of the men know this. (uncertain noises) I know. Making sure you know. That is all. I'm running to find Nott, our master gunner-in-training. I'll say Nott? I need you to keep an eye on those guns we're not looking-- Nott! Nott! Oh my god! Look. Again, we're not looking to sink this ship, okay? We're going to try and board, get what we need and let them go. I don't want unnecessary violence. We're doing great. Beau, you're going to join me as we pull alongside the ship. You're part of the boarding party. Go up above. Nott? I pull Nott close and I say If you fucking fire on that ship before they fire on us you will never get into the Academy. Do you understand? Yeah. The letter that I have that grants me access? If you want that for Caleb-- So act real tough and yell real loud. Don't fire on them unless they fire on us, you understand? As long as you don't hit the ship. I'm sure you'll-- I'm going to leave you to it. I'm going back upstairs. At your will, yeah. The cannon goes (creaking). They're curving fast because there was a detonation. Well done, Nott. I look over at Caleb. Caleb, have you any desire to intimidate some folks? Beau's going with. Yeah, I don't know. That's not where I'm going. Beau? Team up with Bouldergut. I want you to go on the opposite ship and find me the captain. Can I see how many men, now that we're close, how many are above deck? Okay. Sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt. I'm coming with you, just keep an eye out and make sure no one is doing any shifty biz. Not unless-- Rules of engagement apply. Do not fire or attack unless fired upon. Yes. I'll step forward and reach for gloves that aren't there and not do that. My name is Fjord. I'm a representative of The Squalleater here. If you will but humor us for a few moments, I'm afraid we're very short on supplies. We need to replenish our stores and perhaps enrich our pockets. If your men behave, I'm sure we will all get out of this very little worse for wear. Indeed. Deuce, food? Water? Oh indeed yes, the well being of your men obviously, was something that we would easily tend to. Now in exchange for our good will in this interaction, I'm sure you won't mind if we peruse below decks and see if there is anything of interest. Fantastic. Bouldergut! I'll call the ogre up to just board their ship and stay on the gangplank between ours and theirs. Oh no, I'm sorry, on their ship, on that side of the gangplank. Our friend here is going to play chaperone and ensure everyone stays nice and happy up here. Beau, would you mind coming with me? Will do. Again, I must emphasize, no tricky business. We're in good moods. It would be smart to keep it that way. I motion to a third so it's not just Beau and myself. One of the other crew members of The Squalleater to come with us downstairs. Vera, Ipess? Yeah, let's have Ipess come. Yeah, we go together. What'd you find? Oh, yes, indeed it does. Oh, I believe I will. Nice! First room! Yeah, that's real good. Well, I'm going to find out one way. I'll call over Bouldergut. Bouldergut, do me a favor and lob this over onto the other ship, would you? I know, Captain. I hate to be more of an inconvenience than this already is, and I want to get The Stormcap on its way as quickly as possible. Would you do me a favor and have all of your men come down here and assemble at the bow of the ship, please? This is getting too interesting and I can't have you spread out all over the place. But of course, Captain. What are we, monsters? We'll make our way below deck to see what we can see. I'll peek my head into one of those rooms where the crew is hiding. I'll say You, you, and you. Get your ass up. I want these crates taken above deck and put on our ship. Do it quickly, do it quietly. I'll point out the ones with the food, some of the water and some of those frozen fruits as well for scurvy needs. I'll grab one of them before they-- I heard that. You know, if you were on the sea long enough, you would know that I'm the type that only asks a question once. Who else is down here? 23. That would be it. You can go on. Well, I don't feel like we need reinforcements for this, right? Yasha? Yeah, we'll make our way further into the hold and try to find the source of the voice. I will aid you. I can. Yeah, can I give it a better look with my darkvision? That's right, I'm helping her. Of course. Unmolested, except for-- I'll make my way forward into the hold even though we haven't seen much. Hits. Hits. Misses. Amazing. Yasha rolled a 19. I rolled a six. Does he look armored? With her bonus action, she will rage and she will make two attacks with the Magician's Judge. That's not good. That's an 11. And a 12. You can wifi suck HP out of somebody like that? Yeah! I will stand up after having getting the holy fucking shit knocked out of me from those longsword shots, and say Friend! You better be real sure this is something you want to die for. I would suggest you drop your sword. You're outnumbered. I will take a step back. First one was a 24. Yasha will walk up and attempt to grapple him into a bear hug. 21. Our dark-leaning thing goes tick. Friend. Ow! Second, we saw a little manifest that said there was some guarded parcel down below. I can only imagine that they were talking about you. Now, my friend was correct. She can punch the shit out of you. Also, we can see how well you want to swim. Or, we can just make sure that you're on this boat, healed up a little bit, and sent on your way. And you can create whatever story you want. But I do need to know what you were protecting. Do I think he's lying? Eight. Nearly there. Oh, I really wish you hadn't done that. I can't guarantee her reaction to that will be a positive one. Yeah, you are. You've done really well. Are you being paid to protect this? How much? I'll give him 70 gold. I'll walk up and put it in his pouch as Yasha's holding him. Are you coming down under? Actually, while you're here-- Sorry. Would you mind helping this fellow out and giving him a little love? Thank you. He rocked me. I miss raging. While we're waiting for them, can I pick up his longsword? Can I look at it? You don't know the half of it. We're going to let you go now and be on our way. I'm going to keep this as a memento. I would advise you to stay below. If you pop up, I can't guarantee the same good will be extended. I'm sure you understand. Careful with that. Do you want to take this on our ship and let them be on their way? I will take that advice and join you. In a complete attempt to capitalize on your disgruntled feelings, would you mind telling us who paid you to guard this, or where it came from? This paintbrush? Fair enough. I think we've taken up enough of his time. You've been more than flexible with our questioning. I actually do feel that way, so let's just head up. We'll head up above. I agree. Do you want to make sure everyone's feeling all right before we-- Jester, what are you doing? Can I reach over and-- Come here. I pull his shirt aside. Did you do this? Thank you for your hospitality. I am glad that we could complete this transaction peacefully. I wish you calm waters and safe journey. We will take it back over to The Squalleater. What? Not yet. Myrtle! Indeed, there was a man in full plate armor who got quite a few shots in. We did, yes. I kept a memento. I hold up the longsword. That's a one. That's a one. I stay up to entertain Avantika. Bring that fucking wizard down here with you. I forgot to look too. I did too. (impact) (gasping) TRAVIS and Ooh, that's a big old thing! Trecorum Satis Dee? Probably. (high-pitched) Not there! (laughter) Flying away! Oh, fuck yeah. What do you mean? Like the "Who Framed Roger Rabbit" warehouse? Singing sword, and black hole? What? Dicks hanging out the walls. (laughter) "I didn't think this through?" (newscaster voice) A rash of wild dicks have appeared in Wildemount and through the Dwendalian Empire. No one can explain the huge dongs protruding from walls, sculptures, and holy places. A finite amount of ink, or what? Before port. Before port (snaps fingers). Does it say how much paint it comes with? Wow, okay. What if you painted a 500-pound diamond? Okay. Got it. (singing) Well, Caduceus. My AC's 17. Why don't you protect the clerics? LAURA and Aw. 17. (pause) No, you guys have it. Consider it a gift, after nearly dying. In the past, well, now eight days. Yeah, I'll find my way back down to the rest of them. What'd we get? Shit. Weird that they would have an armored guy with a longsword protecting a paintbrush that does nothing. I'm not opposed. You didn't Frankenstein, make that triumphant bastard into life. It's not the dick brush, it's the paintbrush! Just +1. Oh! So we found a paintbrush that you can paint things and they will come into being? Is that what it is? Wow, and the shield? Can I just ask how everybody-- humor me-- feels after today? Yeah, me neither. Wait, bucket list as in "hijack a ship before you die" kind of a thing? Nott, I'd ask if you have any reservations, but you seemed very enthusiastic about today's-- Uh-huh. I can't promise there will be a lot of that but at least I know that you're DTF, cool. Caleb? Yep, fire. Caleb, how you doing? Yeah, actually I do have some news to share. Avantika apparently has come across my old mentor, Vandren, before. She knew him. Apparently he carried the same sword that I have, it's called the Sword of Fathoms. Has a name. She's of the opinion that he always carried on him the sword and another one of those spheres, an eye. She asked me if I knew where the ship that I was on went down. I did recall the area and she believes that if we were to search that shipwreck we might find this third sphere. She has the ability to mess with water now, and in some of the dreams I've been having, I believe there's quite a bit more where that has come from. Not all the time. I admit, I've been very excited about all of this, but the things I see are world changing. Scary. I don't know. I don't know that either. Well when you say it like that... I don't know. I meant only the power that might come before that happens. I-- I actually don't know. I'm just assuming that because she placed her sphere at the bottom of that well in that temple, there are two other temples which we have to do the same thing and that might lead to the release of that serpent. Right, the third sphere, and I have the second. It would be a lot for one person. Correct. Can I just take a second and ask Caduceus to check the door? Without saying too much more, I think it's best that we all listen to Caleb's words and play along. We'll be making our way to Darktow. And then we will reevaluate. Just feel like-- and I'll try and be subtle as possible that only the people in the room would hear. (whispering) There are people that we can't see. I just don't feel like this is the best place to converse. It's not our ship. I think I would know the location based off the trade route. At the bottom of the fucking ocean? Mm-hmm. All good ideas. Trying to use that to our advantage. Thanks, I appreciate it. I'm trying to keep her close. If she starts to suspect us, we'll be in trouble. If anyone feels uncomfortable with how things are going, please, let me know. My curiosity is not worth dying for or doing something you feel like you'd regret. I value what everyone thinks here. Well, that's just fucking dark. Now, Jester, where would you learn a phrase like that? Cool, yeah. Caleb said something similar last night-- or, a couple days ago. All right, well, enjoy the paintbrush. I mean, we're going to find our way to Darktow. With the seducing? I mean, Caduceus, if you want to teach me a thing a two about wooing a woman-- Yes to what you said, and yes to what you said. You just do you, girl. Yeah, I think that will be very valuable when the time comes. About what time of the day is it? Time to break out the banana margaritas! It's only afternoon! Sounds good. Caleb, can I speak to you for a moment? Above deck? I'll go up. How far away are you? (splashing) (laughter) Seeing where Jester is, I'll pull Caleb aside. May I ask you a frank question? I had to admit I found myself a bit surprised. My initial impression of you was someone a bit timid and maybe reserved; meek even. Your tone, your opinion of what to do with Avantika in order to make sure that we're okay, it seemed very... calculated. Very... risky. Do you mind me asking if you've-- Have you ever sacrificed anything in order to achieve a greater goal? Because I feel like I am swimming in the deep end and I don't quite know what I'm doing. Likewise. You don't miss much, do you? You have a very shrewd sensibility as well. You seem to be able to weigh pros and cons in an equation, a scenario. LIAM and I do. I don't mean any of it as a critique, but more as a compliment and I'll add with it a request. Keep that eye of yours on Avantika for me. I don't entirely know what her intentions are, but I feel like there are only a few that I could ask to exercise quick judgment in a moment of need. I think you know what I mean, but in case this thing gets out of hand, can I count on you to right the ship if need be? Of course. Thank you and thank you for talking with me. Yeah. Just so. I'll turn and walk off. Wait, you can do that? What do you mean? What? That's the first we heard that, right? We heard that before, right? Yeah? (whispering) Oh shit! (background music) Fuck. I wake up and immediately grab the map. Yeah. Okay. Well, Urukayxl, and we've been heading towards Darktow, so we've been coming across-- did we pass the wall? Coming in this direction, did we pass-- Okay. That's where we were. There is. There is, and then dead center is a lot of space. You could say that this is the center, but-- okay. Well, the shipwreck is here. Well, in the vision the three land masses are in a triangle. At the time? Yeah, so it'd be heading west. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I'll be doing that later. You did have days. Shawshank style? Is the flag just solid purple? Ten for Fjord and 19 for Yasha. The Revelry? 17. Guess we're part of the island now. They didn't sign up for that shit! A month-long journey? Kill those guys. I thought for sure Caduceus was going to give Jamedi a little-- Oh god! We're at the end of the world, my friend. It's going to be time for you to toughen up a bit. Do you have a pirate face? Is that a pooping face or-- Okay, well, until you find a better one, that'll do. What's your pirate name? Yeah? Did we say there was a plan? I'm not sure. Did we have a plan? I don't even really remember who they are. No. I think we've brought them to a port of great business. If they choose to stay here, they certainly can. Otherwise, they'll have to wait until we're leaving again. I'm just scared. How guarded or patrolled or monitored are the docks? In this area, are there uniformed patrols or do you just see well armed-- Is packing. We're going to follow. Something they would wear that would identify. They're not wearing a hat or a sash. Oh lord! We all going to die! We'll tell the crew they can have the evening. They can have the evening, we've just been at sea this whole time, but in the morning, we expect work to continue on The Mistake. We never divvied up that box. Yeah, it was intentional, guys. We're fine. You feeling at home there, Deucy? The guy that pushes past, what's he look like? What's he wearing? You can't just let these guys go by! Nine! MARISHA and I'm Fjord Tusktooth, quartermaster of the Squalleater. What drives any of us? Necessity. Urgency for a better life. (laughs) Stenographer. What if the other one isn't around to lodge a complaint? (gibberish) (laughter) Or a favorite spot. Just the Plank King and Linus in that room, outside from Avantika? 17. It puts the lotion in the basket. Creatures? (whispers) Statues. You said, "How much?" Indeed. He seems like quite the benevolent leader. How long has he been in a seat of rule? Yeah, it's something. (yells) Oh god, we're on pirate island! We're surrounded by a reef and artillery and pirates! He's wearing somebody's scalp, you guys. We're in the main of other creatures. Good shit, Matt, good shit, Matt!