We play Dungeons & Dragons! Oh, yeah! I love how you just Weekend Updated your own sponsorship message. That's amazing. It's going to be so good! Give the DM some Xanax. Yeah, that was when we were talking about the four walls in the temple, right? (whispering) What is the chair? [laughter] Did we put the chair in the bag of holding? First roll of the night, no fucking pressure. First roll of the night, you got this. Yeah, we'll stay. Caleb, are you worried about another attack? One or two. Are you a goblin? Do we know who we think that is? Majority. That's actually very clever. Further away? Why don't we keep moving upstream? What's the direction away from the conflict? Sure, let's head south. Before we go, are you sure your son is safe with this-- What did you tell her last? Are they staying? Are they going? Do other people in town know that old Edith cares for your son, that they're connected in some way? I don't want to tell you what to do, but I feel like our previous experience would lean towards getting your son and her out of here, especially if the people that have taken your husband are still here. If they're searching for answers or asking people questions, that could lead to her and him. Now's the time to move them. Maybe it's not you. Maybe one of us go. Mm-hmm. If they do decide to cross, I think they're less concerned with people going out more than coming in. If it does continue to drift that way, Bryce will be sure to get them out quick. There's a lot to figure. This will be one less thing to worry about. This is going to Bryce? Woman and child incoming. Take care of them. Don't waste it on a stop. Oh, boy. Bryce is shaking their head, trying to get better reception and it's not working. Because you're checking out around us. Periscoping. Snaps. All right, can we maybe circle back to the...? Maybe if you share with us your apprehensions, it'll ease it a bit? The head of the whole thing? I mean, I did. That's the center of magical teaching in the Empire, as I understood it. Also, I don't think a very bad person would care about us. This Trent, does he know these two that we saw? How powerful are these two? Our normal tricks, would they fall short? So we need to give them a very wide berth. At the same time, we need to figure out where-- Did he experiment? I'm sure he's alive, but if he was good at breaking things down, taking them apart, experimenting on things, this thing that we have falls directly into that. What do you mean? What do you prefer? We should ask to see if anyone saw a carriage, anything, leaving town with Yeza. Yeah. It might not be the only one. Pretty smart. And also ring the dinner bell, Jester. I think that's the more dangerous part. We're super close to the front line, or at least to them. You do that, we might get exactly what we're asking for, but then trouble might also come calling. I think so. It's kind of like when you smile. You're going to have to do this twice. So do we avoid your two professors? Or do we try to study them, divide them, interrogate one of them-- LAURA and You don't know that. What? I swallow shit and make it appear in my weapons; I'm fucking down to throw, you know what I'm saying? You don't have to minimize my new shit, okay? I'm real proud of it. I've had it for a fucking hot second. Yeah, maybe we don't try to separate him. Right. Well, what about the one that studies history? You met a bunch of really dangerous historians? What do I know, man? I'm a fucking sailor. Listen, Jester-- As much as I love this, it's not about me, okay? So what do we do? We need to send your son on his way. Do we need to try and-- Do we want to ask if your husband was spotted leaving by some sort of natural means? Then we kill the two elves. Yeah, you seduce one, I'll seduce the other, no problem. I have a way with elvish folk. We'll deal with one thing at a time. Have we talked about sending a message? I mean, if he's in Super Magical Headquarters, I'm sure there might be protection against that, but-- Yeah. Oh-- Yeah! Your Wildmother-- the thing you did for me! No. Nope. No, he has-- We can do that. Cover of night. Helps. To the inn? I'm going au natural. Four rooms? Three? You said with events being as they have been. We noticed there's been a ruckus recently. Calm the last few days? Any reason why we should be apprehensive this evening? I understand. The aftermath, we saw troops leaving on our way in. They catch any of those that were guilty of all this? Appreciate ya. Thank you. Ducey. A florist? Stop. Let it ride. That might know locals? Demi Leric, you say. (whisper) Come forth! Come forth! Brenatto? Did you hear what was revealed in that moment just now? Are there specific areas where the tunnels were collapsed after they went back in and covered them up? Yeah, a lot of Jeffs right now are fucking giving you the bird. Yeah, keep digging. Couldn't hurt. SAM and Can't they respond to your messages? Or "If you're alive, just say ow"? We'll go find a nearby crownsguard and see if they can point us in the direction of where some of those collapsed tunnels were. Mm-hmm. I'll walk up. Excuse me! Yeah, sorry, we're just passing by. We heard this was the scene of all the unfortunateness. Has it been cased, this area? Searched for, I don't know, anything left over by the invading hordes? Who's they? Fancy? Oh, I think I saw them. What were they doing? Fair enough. You know if they found anything, took anything out of the dirt? They tell you that these might open up again, or they might be in imminent peril? I see there's eight of you guys. You were here? Is that right? My god, that sounds terrible. When you saw the big mouth with teeth? What'd you do? Damn right, fast as you could I'll bet. Did it come out of the ground or did it go back in after? How big was this creature? Wow, that's significant. Were you also here or far away when they made their hasty retreat? Keeping an eye out? Could you see anything that was driving them off or were they just taking their sweet time as they left? We've come across these cricks before. We saw them in Zadash. There was a big ruckus in the middle of the city. Trying to learn all we can. I don't know when we'll come across them next. I feel like share and share alike, you know? 16. Why'd they stop? Pretty long. I appreciate it. We won't take up much of your time. We thought we'd have a gander around, if that's all right. Fair enough. Being that fancy folk were here, I don't suppose there's any point in doing our particular brand of searching. The what? What is that? I don't talk to The Traveler. That's a good idea, except for what if the whole tunnel's collapsed and we Blink into the earth? I mean, I imagine anything is possible in this world of magic and mystery, but I bet it would hurt a lot. I don't know about you, but when I Blink, I can only appear about ten feet from where I previously was. That's better. It's sunken earth, right? Nope. Oh, you're doing your walk thing. Any reason to use your radar and see if anything was missed? Anything magical. Anything arcane. They're still here. No, they bamfed in. Didn't see them leave. Yeah, but we can kill them too. Just as a warm up. All right? Do we want to abandon this tunnel? I can jump forward 90 feet in a direction. I don't know. I think I'll get shunted out. Yeah, that one. In my mind's eye! Damn! Nope, that would have been out of form for us. No. We don't do that. Yes, of course. You did? Are you talking about aligning ourselves with the people that ganked your husband? Unless you could dig underground with a bunch of pet worms. Maybe they're baby steps. Plus it'd be super nice if you could take the most powerful city in the empire and slow it the fuck down before you attacked it. That might work. We'll get to the tunnel. We need to get her son out, and then we can decide. What thing were you talking about poking? Yep. That's what he's talking about. Because it's there to do. Normally, all about that. Dragon sucked. I agree. Carl. Kevin. Keep going. It's a "K" sound. You said we. How many of them are there? (laughing) Yeah! Herbal tea, some melatonin, something, right? Well, I'm going to bed. You sang! What do they look like? Leave the table. (whispering) What? They fucking out. I mean, what else are we going to do? Maybe, maybe not. We don't even know if the tunnels are accessible to us. Why don't we see if they are, first? It was probably me. I'm very wise and agreeable. Yeah, we took that wrong turn at Albuquerque, right? We'll get back and skedaddle out of there if we have to. Yeah, weren't we more concerned about that when we thought he was in Rexxentrum? Why did you say that? Usually on the anniversary of when they were married. Not just like, you're married! Happy anniversary! Mm-hmm. Better. Yep. Let's get your son out. Let's go. Son. Let's get started. Everything's fine! Just going to the beach for a bit. It's up to you. Mm-hmm. Luke. Best customer service ever. (like Jester) You need to hang up because I can't technically hang up on this call. I want to toss you a pickaxe for that shovel you're using. (laughing) Don't tap my shoulder again! (laughing) Their post? Fucking AWOL! They took an oath and shit. All your money. (pigeon cooing) (cooing) I'm just a pigeon, what do you want? Do we see any of the elven folk of the two that we have been talking about while we're walking around? You do it as well. That's a one. What? Arrested. Wheel it? We're part of a research expedition. We were here and we were hoping we could toss you a little bit of coin and, you know, check out this area here a bit. 24. It's very boring, actually. Yeah. Quite tedious. You use little picks and little brushes, and we covered little-- You take a while, and then you brush it and spit on it, you know? Did you want to join? It's really quite relaxing. Actually, my friend over here can attest to it. Yes. Nope. Three. Deal. We kill him. The size of a dog? Honey badger does not come up. Be an elk. Be an elk and kill all of these fucking soldiers. (roars) Unretracted. It's all normal down here, how are you? Gil! And we all instantly die. No! Uh-huh. Yeah, they all float down here. Or you could go check it out by yourself and see what it is. Jester. We didn't Identify it, though, did we? Nein! Going through. (yells) Sorry, I tripped. My fault. A boat? I have this boat dagger, I throw it at the wall and (fwoosh). Dead men tell no tales... Yeah, there's nobody down here but us. Except now. No, we're looking around the corner. Slow your roll. You don't know that. Six, plus... What is it, a d8 plus anything? Hail Satan! (singing) There's so much I can do. No one gets Luck? You are not even the president-elect yet. I need to see more speeches before I know where my vote's going.