(slurred) We play Dungeons & Dragons! Y'all going to hype me to death? Family show. Family show, Sam. I don't think that's real. I think that's-- Beautiful. Maybe erase your browser history. You're fired. That's incredible. Five players is a lot. Phew, that's good. Matt, why do you make things so evil? Oh man, how did that happen? That's insane. It was a lot of fun. Aw shit. As you do. That's what I was going to ask. What time is it? We just started and we slept in all the way till noon. You can take your backpack off. Well, I suppose we should mosey out and get the lay of the land, as it were. I don't know why I'm like this. I slept real heavy, mm-kay? (laughter) What else could it be? Yeah, I'll relay all that stuff in my own tongue and say I'm sure there's stuff. It grows a little bit each time I come by here, so there could be new stuff I haven't seen before. Worth a look. What about paper? Aren't you always needing papier? Yeah, of course! All right, fair enough. Where's Jester? How are you doing this morning, Jester? Yeah? You want to go out and explore a little bit? Are you okay? I know the day's escapades were a bit much. Little close. Yeah, well you did, too. Every time I popped into wherever I was, I could see you pop in and then pop out and I kept wanting to go make sure you knew we were getting the fuck out. Oh. Yeah, well it was the damnedest thing. I just touched it. Like, you know. Didn't know if it was rough or smooth or cold. Didn't expect to be like (glass shattering) ah! None of that shit. Boop! Maybe I won't do that so much anymore. Yeah! What are you grinning at, goblin? Are we not all intrigued by things that don't belong or seem out of place? Yes, that's fair. I didn't even ask. What was in the room before I got ripped out of there? Wait a minute. When I disappeared, you didn't immediately come and try and find me? You went and got stuff? Hmm. Yeah, that's true. How about I just keep my hands in my pockets going forward into strange new rooms by long-dead wizards, potentially. I think I got a button around here somewhere. Thank you, yeah! Need that uplifting-- yeah! I appreciate that. That is a great idea. In fact, you should lead the way. I have a feeling you'll be able to find the best spot. Oh, the gangplanks, it's right over there. First mate, show them how! Do you know where the fucking exit is? Because I might not. As we make our way by, can I identify a low-ranking member of one of the crewmen of one of those ships as they're, perhaps, reaching for a bundle or something? You there! By gods, you guys are stocking up something fierce! Amazing. Do you mind if I ask where all this traffic is going? Oh, I understand. I'm sorry to hear it's moving so aggressively. Are you concerned, or do you feel strength in your numbers? I'm sorry to hear that. Just in case our travels take us in your direction, is there any particular route or island that we should avoid just to stay out of your hair? That should be far away from where we're heading. I wish you a safe journey, my friend. That's where they attacked, yeah. Yeah, we might return to a different empire. Yeah? Yeah, they're from outside Nicodranas. I think they have bigger fish to fry. Plus, we got a new boat, right? No, indeed. Yeah, it is one born out of circumstance. We have every intention of paying. I just haven't received the bill from my first mate yet. You definitely don't. I'll take care of it. I'm the one touching little red things. 295? 325? Yeah, when they came and cleaned it out after the fucking razzle-dazzle. I cut my gold in half, holy shit. Yeah? Here is your 225 gold. Thank you for your careful inspection and repair of the ship. Oh, in the next day or two, we're just getting our bearings about us again. We'll be out of your hair shortly. I would love to tell you yes, friend, but the best I could do is let you know before sundown. No. We have stuff we have to do, don't rush us out of here! Ooh, nice. Yeah, we'll find you. I promise we'll be as expedient as possible. Walk inland. Yeah, and eyes up as we pass things along the way. We've got to make more of a fuss about that, that's pretty cool. Yeah, and so does the stuff that you make. I just assumed you were conjuring, you know, sea pigeons and stuff. Seitan? Quinn-wah? Are we relatively free of furtive glances as we make our way through? Jester, can I make you a plate? Okay, cool. Should we bring Caleb some food? It's sweet, you'll like it. Don't look at me, I'm shit broke. How many glasses did you have? Ren faire, ah! Three o'clock. She was on the boat, Beau. But we did make you this plate of food. I'll go over and find Bentha and be like Can we get one more plate of food, please? I'll hand that plate of food over to Nott There you go. No, it's not for you! We're fitting to explore a little. That's not-- Maybe some weapons or some potions that might help should we find ourselves-- I mean, I would like to, yeah. I saw it in my visions and I haven't had any other dreams since. I feel like this might be a good chance to put a dagger in it, you know? Finish it up. Yeah, I have a feeling it's right in the middle of the archipelago that's just south of here. Maybe a day and a half, maybe two days most, depending on-- Just a little bit and then we can go back to land. Nott. With the promise of land and no more requests to go to sea, if you'll do this for me I would be most obliged. Thank you, Nott. He was saying they've made their way south into the fucking town of... Nipple Bottom-- Felderwin, yeah. Yeah, we've been right near that area. Oh. It's far more south than they've been previously. Really? That maybe changes things. Point. Oh. That is pretty far west. They were going down the southern coast, yeah. Most likely in an effort not to get flanked. Well, I don't feel quite as energetic, knowing that where you both are from is under siege. It may only add a day or two at most. I would be most appreciative. I don't know. I just thought I'd feel it out when I got there, all current and past events taken into account. No, no, god, no--! No. I do have two of these spheres, and I can't help but notice the extra shamalamadingdong that Avantika got by depositing one of them. I could keep the third and certainly keep that crazy fucking snake at bay. I would like to see this through. Otherwise, I feel like I'll always be wanting to get back here. Right, but he could be fucking anywhere. I want to do this because we're here. We can worry about that later; it's a wide, wide world. We might have to go through Port Damali, actually. Nicodranas is a little hot for us. But we could. We could let your mom know that you're okay. Well, maybe see how you feel when we're on our way back. We wouldn't want to go around the southern tip; that's where the troops are heading. I feel like danger might be that way. It might be best to go the way we came. So maybe some supplies? Something to buff us up a bit? Some bees, yep. Yasha, is there anything you need while we're in port? Anything you've been craving while we've been at sea? We didn't have any idea that that was going to happen. Well, let's make it an even seven, like a week, right? Because that sphere's pretty fucking sweet. Not that I have any interest in messing with it any further. Well, yeah, just a little. There were fucking treasure troves in there. Not that I'm interested in that. I'm all for playing it safe. Measured. Practical. That's my middle name. Fjord Practical-- Fjord Practical. Are there any potion shops around here? No bigs? No sweat? Are you going to show us the notches on your upper delt for all the ones that you-- Fire! It was pretty gnarly. I was testing the texture. It wasn't even a push; I just touched it. Before we go on the bee tour, if there's any time, do we see any magic shops? Weaponry? 16. So there's definitely one here. Three. Competing for the same turf. Oh, fuck! I put a lot of healing potions into my group. Why don't you buy us a couple potions? (laughter) There's no greenery in Xhorhas? That's sad. Anybody else have anything else they want to grab? You got that plate of food for Caleb that you ate half of? By all means. Is it still before sundown? Might get some money back. Pooping! Every Flavor Beans. Beans, and beans, and beans. Fucking ridiculous. (whispering) Write it on your body. All over your body. (whispering) Memento. (whispering) The Frozen Depths. (whispering) Oh, farther north. (whispering) Off the map, or on it? Fuck! I thought it was time for some Mercer Mystery. Shit. Show our appreciation to these fuckers. Navigator, set course for the Gravid Archipelago, "ar-chi-pelago", "ar-ka-pelagos". "Ar-chi-pelago." This is fucking unexpected; the skies were pretty clear. Huh. That is one smart cow. Of course. Storm sails, it is. On the double! Why aren't they up already?! [inaudible] Orly, do you see any way around this storm, or just through it? Unacceptable. Push through. Safe, practical, measured. I had advantage on it already. 14. Oh, does it? Okay, 14. No, I'll stay up. At the helm. No, get some rest. I might need it in a bit, when this dies down. Rage doesn't raise it. Me? Ooh, 16. Oh shit, that's only the second time, I think. Steady! That's right. Plus your rage damage. 2d6 on the second one. Oh, that's a lot. Beforehand, yeah. Ten. Jester, get the hell out of there! It hit you anyway, you might as well do it, because you'll get reckless back. Do you have any bonus actions? Both strikes. For divine fury. Yeah, but the sword has necrotic, right? Or your shroud? Oh, sorry. Yeah, just once. Do you have a bonus action? Features and traits. Check your features and traits. It's all pretty awesome. Yes, you drop their speed to zero! But if you make it reckless, it's a straight roll. Advantage. Come on! How far away is it from you on that mast? One below your AC! Strength has advantage. Jester, what's going on down there? Maybe see to the repairs first before you get your fucking tea. Less steady! I may send Orly or someone else below decks to go wake up Beau. Yeah, we're through the worst of it. Listen, if, for some reason, Yasha comes back up and starts swinging at a bunch of balls of light on the front of the ship, just don't get involved. I'm going to sleep. (mumbling) Nothing, just going (gibberish). Hey, nice job. Really? Which direction are we pointed? Which is? Orly-- Nice job. Plot a course that would put us right in the middle of all three. It was the Squalleater. It's not our fault! Real poorly. (cracking) We're going to head for the middle of all that. Maybe. We're going to keep our eyes on the islands as we proceed, but I do recall it being under the depths. In my dream, I saw from the top down, and I hit the water right in the middle of them and kept going deeper and deeper. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Nope. Nope, nope. She put hers in the first temple. I have two. This might be numero dos, and then I'll keep the third. Wait. Four spheres, three temples? That's right, and as Caleb can attest to, that image that we saw in the temple was three spheres. Three chosen people underneath the entity. I don't think they would have an influx of spheres to deal with. Nott, you are a fantastic rogue. You wouldn't let such an ambush befall us, would you? Those that want to come can. I will understand if you want to sit this one out. Agreed, and I couldn't guarantee your safety up here while we're below the murky depths. I hear there is an ancient button factory at the bottom of the waters-- You've heard of it as well! The story's been lost to the ages, since the great Calamity. You're in? Fair enough. Just in case, can we keep an eye on the islands as we're moving in for any sign of structures, civilization? I'll send the perceptive fuckers up to the crow's nest. You're aiding Cad. If we haven't seen anything on land, I'd like to get in the middle and then send him below. In my mind pictures? Yeah, I did. Yeah! Well, Caduceus, you're definitely coming. All right. Yes. One thing we should do can I get you guys to scurry up to the crow's nest one more time and give a gander for any ships? Yeah. Look really carefully coves, inlets, anything that might look like it might be hiding. Totally fine! We're safe! No. It just seems like the obvious entrance. Yeah. (background music) Sorry, my impulsiveness was starting to catch up again. I just want to be honest. (sighs) Doesn't seem like there's a trap, Nott, right? We seem to be by ourselves, at least up here. Yeah, but I mean, what's a couple of dead bodies on seaweed to people like us? No bigs, right? About what time of the day is it right now? Let's get this thing done. I do. Up for another scrap? All right. I'll look at the group and I will cast Underwater Breathing on everyone for 24 hours. What's the distance from the middle of this archipelago to the nearest outer island? I'll go to Orly and say While we're underneath, if you see another ship enter, or danger present itself, make for land and we'll find you. You ready? When we get under, make sure to take a breath really quick; you'll sink faster. He won't. He won't. (heavy footsteps, splash) 13. It's clear water. Does it look like it has four appendages? Oh no. We can't HALO drop in this bitch? Yeah, we can pair up. MARISHA and Or at least two. There's five. Pretty sure. They look like they're on the look, yeah. Who's got a good range? Who's got some good pop on a good range? You? Does the water do anything to it? There is one that is free? How close do you need to be, Caleb? I'm more of a fan of them coming to us, frankly. Let's get in range of whatever Caleb needs to do, and then let's break off into three and four. They can pick, but they've got to come to us. Let's get within whatever you need. 120 feet? 100 feet? We'll try to stealth within that range. Spread out. 30 feet between us, the two groups. Clerics with each group. All of them at the same time? Wizard's choice. How about just one, and you pick? I'll also send Eldritch Blast. 26 and a 19. 21 points of Eldritch Blast. 25 to 20? Two. One. Oh, well then, you top me. Yeah. Plus zero. 30 feet? Whoa. Is it just hers at advantage, or all attacks against it? I will join Beau, just in case someone decides to fuck around. I'll fire the first two Eldritch Blasts at one of them that's swimming, though not the one that's in melee of her. That sucks. That's a one and a two, so I think both of those fucking miss. That's incredible. I'll fire the next two-- Because I'm hasted, so I have a second attack? Oh, shit. Yeah, I guess I'll just-- -- summon the falchion and take a swing at it. It's a two. I do nothing. Nothing. (singing) Shitty rolls! What the fuck! Fucking Bane, man! How many are up still? So here's a question, that very first one that we lit up like the Godfather? With my bonus action, can I reach out, since I was part of the killing of-- are these creatures humanoids? Can I reach forward and go (in a demonic voice) Rise, and I'll Accursed Specter the creature. I'll say that and go (concussion sound) and throw two more Eldritch Blasts at the one that's remaining. That's a 24. The other one is a 14. (singing) This is the age of Aquarius. That's ten points and eight. So 18. Great. I'll take my speed and rush at it. Take a strike. Oh, dope. 16. 1d8 plus-- two points of damage. One plus one. It's 1d8 plus one. I don't see that on here. I ain't been doing it. I thought it would be added into the weapon, naturally. Yeah, it just says 1d8 plus one. Okay. My charisma bonus is four. Yeah. So it would be six on a two. Okay. Mm-hmm. We have a friend. I'll bring the specter forward. I feel bad having Frumpkin be the one that's always putting himself in harm's way, thought I'd give him a friend. I'll send the specter towards the mouth of the tower. Mm-hmm. Nope. I just wanted to send him to the entrance. Yeah, just to the front. Just to make sure the tower's not like (violent chomping). Don't make that face! I wouldn't put that past you for one second. It's not a permanent thing. Just give it a try. Ruh-roh, hey kids. Yeah. We'll move closer. I'm a bit faster. I'll go. Hang back for a second. I'll use 45 feet of my speed to move forward. I'm still fucking Hasted. Oh, does it? Sorry. Now I have one level of exhaustion, right? Are we above it? It's at an angle, right? I'd like to spiral down, slowly making my way around the top so I can see. Stealthily. What is that for? I do get advantage? That's good. Ugh. Nine. 16. The top of the tower is open and it continues through the middle? I swim over to the edge of the tower to try and lean up against the side of it. Make myself less obvious out in the open water. Does somebody appear? Well, don't want to go in that way. I wave everybody down. I will relay that there is a doorway down near the bottom, but something poked its pretty head out. Kind of greenish-yellow. Couldn't quite see, but it kind of looked like an overgrown shrimp, crab-type thing. Kind of crustacean-y. Yeah. Might just be the local wildlife, right? What are the chances? We could just send our guest here down. Or we could go through the tunnel. I'd be fine with that. I will command the specter to move towards the doorway and engage anything it finds. Just at the doorway? I push him inside. Commotion? Balls. Ass. Three. I don't know, they're pretty resilient, but, okay. Well, let's assume then-- shall we assume flanking positions? You know, if it's crustacean-y and it's treating this tower as a shell, maybe I don't want to fight it in there. How about we drop to the floor about 60 feet from the doorway and send in a care package? Yeah. Anything ranged. See if we get lucky. I'll descend to the floor, keeping about 60 feet from the outside of the doorway. You got a fluffernutter ready to go? Well, I don't even know why you're down here. I am. You're on the floor, right? What's that do again? Got it. Yeah. Fuck. Did that Accursed Specter do any damage? Oh good, okay! Good job, Carl. What is that? Put seahorses instead. Oh shit, I'm excited! Look at that forked tongue. You got ass-tongue. The baby's butt coming out of your mouth. Thank you, Matt! What a great 2018, guys. Yeah, seriously. Stay tuned for tomorrow night for Liam's-- Boof!