Yeah! Halloween's when you want it to be! Wasn't there face paint that could help complete the look? I'm the bargain bin. I had a cowboy hat. I think these belong to an M&M character? Ey! (laughter) Yeah, I was a panda last night. I didn't have a fucking costume. I wasn't wearing that again. That shit was hot. Yeah, we were at a Halloween party yesterday. How did you have time for that? Three years it's been in the works. You survived, clearly. Somehow. Yes! Through the month of November, we are raising money for my favorite charity Operation Supply Drop! They are amazing. OSD has helped over 750,000 members of the military community with supply drops. They have initiatives, they have job training, they have skill workshops for people that are going from active military work through their transition into civilian life, and they just touched so many people. I love this organization. I've been following them for years. If we hit our 25,000 dollar goal, we're going to host a special first-person shooter stream with me! Yeah. I used to be good. I'm not so much anymore since baby days, but I'm going to try. I'm going to have a montage. Thank you! Right? It's all about the commentary that happens, right? If we hit that goal we will do that. Details and to donate, you can see everything at critrole.com/osd. You fall back. All the love in the world to Frank Miller. That is crazy. Laura and I will get our travel situation fixed. We didn't know raw plutonium was not allowed in the UK. We travel with it always. It is a fantastic gem. Put it under the moonlight and it radiates. Oh, jesus. (laughter) Oh no. You're still... Yeah, it's been a fucking thing in here. What's so funny? Hey, zip it. The hydra, did it (sliding) back in the hole, or is it still out? It's just in your head. I got stung by some wasps out by the barn. (laughter) That was a thing. Caduceus? Is Jamedi up there? I'll mirror Avantika's movement on the other side of the room. The eyes, they're there, right? It's part of the mural, they're not missing or recessed or anything? Onyx eyes for the first creature... Yes, it's very stimulating. Have you ever seen imagery like this before? Yeah, yep, the Ki'Nau. Nope, the Ki'Nau. They're the followers of Uk'otoa, right? Ki'Nau. Fuck, fuck, fuck. I can see the resemblance. The question is, if that's you, and that's me, who's our third friend? You said you had met only one other Chosen before. And what happened to them? Indeed. This person that seemed to have shown you the light, did you try to track them down? Do you know anything about them or where they might be? They would seem to be very useful in our current situation. Well, we're obviously not in a huge rush. We have not explored all of this. She's going to do that. You know, I do have a solution I think for this. Jamedi! You worthless sack of shit, you haven't done a damn thing since we got in this temple. You like to scout ahead, go forward? Get your ass down that well. What do you want, a cookie? Get down the fucking well, let's go. Well, I would insist to join you, if that is the case. Shit balls. Real quick. The pillars are magic? I don't know. I don't want her to get too far ahead. Okay, go. Oh! Salt water, not brackish but salt water? Mhm. Athletics? 19. 14. The bulb-- we've entered that chamber, right? What's our visibility like? 40, 60? There's not a lot of natural light, right? And just her. James Cameron going down to find the Titanic. 20. Natural 20. I do the same. I don't know what I'm looking for. 23. Plus five. Uh huh. Could I try and stick my hand in my chest? Does it go anywhere? I don't know what to do. Like the size of a fist? It's a sphere, right? Yeah, that's in my body. I don't know how! I don't have an eject button! Can I summon the falchion? Something's about to happen and I just jam the eye into the-- Six. I immediately start searching on the ground for another opening. 12. Frantically? I'll go grab her. Seven. I'm pointing at the ground. I'm okay at those. Natural 20. Wait, what's happening? Were there-- There were stairs up the sides, right? Fucking hourglass, damn it. It was Nott. Yeah. Oh, god, which one was it? Come on! Oh, fuck! Oh, shit. Right. That chamber goes downstairs, right? Come on out! Cool. Let's try that. Yeah, you're tall. Ooh! 15 feet tall. I pull him up top. So are we in the top level now? We are. Yep-eb-eb. I'm tapped spell-wise. I did. Nobody. Yasha got 13. Wow. Nott, Caduceus, Caleb. I rolled a natural one. Want the hourglass gone. They freak me out. Mercer, don't say that! (groaning) Tor Books, Tor Books, Tor Books. Tor Books, Tor Books, Tor Books. Aw, shit. We're back here again? Drowning. (water breathing) Fuck. (laughter) Yeah, yeah, yeah. We haven't given her the key to the trapdoor. You've made it up the top. Okay. Misses. That hits. Fuck, ten poison? Is it diluted by the water? Okay. Is that half my Constitution modifier? Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck! That hits. Okay. That hit. Okay. Yasha's up next. Cool. 14 points of damage. Okay. Where is she on the map? Uh huh. She's in melee with someone? (laughter) Okay, she has to fight because she's going to get hit again, and that would be bad for her right now. With her bonus action, she would like to rage. She will take two attacks at the one that she's in melee with. Already got the reckless. Oh, balls and ass. Okay. 19. 3d6-- (counting) 13 points of damage for the first one. The second one is a straight roll, the same thing, 19. 2d6-- again, 13 points of damage. She will not move at all. We'll come in melee, just more-- closer to the stairs. Good job, Ketchup. Oh fuck! (panicked breathing) I was not prepared for this so fast! Wait, can I fire one Eldritch Blast and make a melee attack? Great. I'm going to fire an Eldritch Blast at the dick that's with Yasha. Nope, that's fine. 16. 1d10 for nine points of damage. Is he still up? I will send the other one that way as well. I can't let Ash's character die. Awesome, 16. For 11 points of damage. I'm going to move away. I'm going to use my 30 feet and take an attack of opportunity as I do. So it misses? Who has the fucking key? One of us has the key; who has the key? Who found the key? Are we getting the impression that they're totally comfortable underwater? Ooh, it does? Yasha will fucking hi-ho silver out that bitch! She has 40 feet, so 20-- Are Avantika and Jamedi doing anything? Yeah, the same with Jester. All the way up to the dome. 16! Shit! Okay. Looking around, still having plenty of air in my lungs, I turn around and see Jester starting to panic and I know that she has the key, so I will reach out and grab her face and bring her into a kiss, and I will blow all of my air into her lungs. Shape of Water! Okay. Fair enough. I'll try and swim up towards the top. Full movement. Nine. Yasha will head towards the door and wait for it to open. She's going to use her movement to go up. First Poseidon movie, yeah! Oh, no. That would have been it. Water slide? I'm unconscious, I think. Okay, okay. I started drowning. Yeah. I did? Okay, okay. Let's us just get down and out of here. Let's just get back on the ship. 12. 18. Potentially, if this an island. You fools! Right! Natural 20! Yasha rolled a five. Got to go. Caduceus in the front, everyone behind him. Yasha will be actually up front, just in front of you. Nope. Loudest thing you ever heard. Is it going to be dexterity checks? I was going to say Yasha can take out the Magician's Judge and start cleaving machete-style through the brush, making it far easier for us to move. Advantage or straight up? Oh, she's rage-clearing! 21-- 22. Oh there's six of these. I thought there was three. There's two dozen of them. I don't want to get that close. 23 for Fjord, 20 for Yasha. Jamedi? Oh shit! (laughing) That's amazing. I can try to assume the form of one of the lizard people in case they make eyes on us. I have no spell left to help. Yes. Oh no. 12 for Fjord, nine for Yasha. I remember that well. Or you could have Yasha do it. Athletics? She does. It's her biggest modifier. Oh, a natural 20 and a 12, so that's 19. On the ship! On the ship! (groaning) Oh fuck. Yeah, yeah, yeah! Volley that shit. Oh, so sick! Caleb and I are picking them off, Eldritch Blast and-- No! No! Oh my god! Why did we not take a short rest right when we started! (laughter) I know, I know! I didn't think about it, damn it! That was gnarly! Oh fuck me. That was a teacher. That was a teacher. No, there's also smudge and-- fmiller8, yeah, man! Can we just automatically get a short rest, just because that was the most-- heinous, strenuous-- No, we're still wearing ours. Are-- It was bad luck. Uh huh. There are imprints being left on that chair. Indeed. Such a mighty display on the way back, I feel like I would be left wanting if I didn't try and pursue the same sort of glory. Captain, may I ask, you knew of this location already. Do you have a lead on another? Indeed. We would certainly entertain that very notion. It's hard to think past any sort of a rest. Of course. Could we have a conversation near the bow of the ship, perhaps? Away from ears? Is it empty towards the bow? I should start by thanking all of you for putting yourselves in harm's way again. I did not expect that to go the way that it did, but that seems a repetitive notion at this point. Yeah. I knew when she showed that exuberance at diving down that it was a matter of urgency, and I just couldn't catch her. We made our way down this well into this open, spherical room. At the bottom underneath some algae, there was a recession. It looked like it had space for an orb, like the eye that's in my sword. In my dullardly moment of trying to figure how the fuck I would get it in there, she reached out, and she has the same sort of thing in her hand. She put it in before I could put the sword in. It ripped the eye straight out of her hand. Pulled her hand back and blood was coming out of it; I thought it had done something to her. That's when I saw these arcane-like symbols light up and they shoot across the floor and straight up toward you guys right above the water. You saw them come out? What happened? That seems like a lot. But no recession. I can't remember, when we found the actual cat's eye, the sphere, it wasn't in a recession. Was it just resting at the bottom of the well? From three different creatures. No, it was the amber one. Yeah. That big serpent with all the eyes like in her captain's-- Amber, yeah. Yeah. I mean, they're yellowish-amber. Yellowish-orange. Just depends on the way the light hits it. Yeah, the same that she had decorated around her office. That's Uk'otoa. You saw when we were in the boat, she closed her hands and you felt that surge in the water? Yeah, I think because she got there first and offered her orb, she was rewarded with some sort of oceanic control or power over water. I think so. No, back when we were in the rowboats. I think so, yeah. I don't know why the water surged out of the temple like that. You said they were protective in nature? This is some heavy shit. That would be a choice. No! I'm not a crazy person, all right? A giant serpent from the Calamity? Yeah, that's some medieval shit. That is bigger than anything I've ever heard of. I know, and Caduceus, I know your experiences with water have been less than thrilling. I'm all for trying to get knowledge out of the captain. She seemed to act like she knew who the third person was, or had been. I see that, as well. Thank you for the lookout. Frankly, between us, I actually tried to keep her underwater, after. She got away real fast. Yeah, and then I had to act like, "No, look at the ground." It was terrible, fucking failed. I agree. I'd like to find out what she knows about the third, and then maybe ask for a bit of respite before we continue. I actually do not feel very comfortable-- See, I would be all for that, given the circumstances of what Beau just outlined. Big consequences looming that are age-old, timeless things. But if she can control water now, I would be concerned that that effort might fall short, and then we'd be super fucked. I don't know what her abilities are. Yes. I need more info, Caleb. I need more data, more knowledge. You read books on this stuff. There has to be someone out there that knows more about this before we just charge in. If we have what she needs, she'll have to play nice. I think she's only interested in the one creature, so she's only interested in this type of eye. I don't even want to start to think about the onyx eyes or the ivory eyes. Thank you, Yasha. I understand your concern, Caleb, I do. I have a small curiosity from the things that I've seen. I have no interest in dealing with matters that predate time as we know it. I'm pretty simple. These days I've spent with you are the most exciting of my entire life. I'm not looking to end them, or the world, by frivolously giving up something that I barely understand. I'd like to try to ask if we can go separate ways and if she says no, I would play that we would join her and her voyages in the morning and then sneak away. I'd like to try and do it amicably, if we can. For sure. I think either way we have to make it to Darktow. And we need a second ship. Third, if she doesn't have a specific location, two ships find that thing faster than one. What do you say? We'll have to play along until we get to Darktow, and it is not somewhere that you normally want to go if you're not of the pirate variety. I think it's a pirate island. It's a hideaway. You don't go there unless you're looking for trouble, or unless you are the trouble. Shit. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I suppose I should, to keep relations up. Yes. All right, I'll see you all underneath. In her face? I think it just burns. Is it magic acid? Okay. Did you make this? Thank you! Ooh! Okay. All right. Thank you, Caduceus. I'm going to make you a fan of water before your life is done, I swear. You're going to be my strongest acolyte. You're going to preach the words of the water. It's really not. I mean, look how good you're doing, right? Thriving. Surviving. Your whole life? Yeah, okay. I'll get back to you on that. I'll make my way towards the captain's quarters. I do. I'll try the door. Don't rush on my account. To your success. One can hope. It's only fair; you've been on this journey far longer than I have. Not aerated. I am as well. Is it everything you thought it would be? Sword of Fathoms? Can you tell me more about this person who wielded it? This Vandren, you say he told you about the Sword of Fathoms or he had a Sword of Fathoms? The same one. Was there an area, a destination, a direction that you last knew that he was going? Is it in our interest to try and find him? How did you find, if you don't mind me asking, yours? I'm sure he did. I'll stand and just pace around the quarters, looking at the various iconography of the serpent. I don't. We should find him. (nervous laughter) 23. (long sigh) This sword came to me in a very unusual way. I've been a sailor for many years myself and was lost at sea during a storm. When I woke up, I found myself on the shore, and there in the waves next to me was this sword. I don't know how I got there, but as soon as I grasped it, it changed everything. The sword, however, did not have the eye. The eye we found later, my companions and me. Various other sailors. Our captain. Captain Twitchwood. Do you know him? (high-pitched) A 23 level skill? Okay. Then I'm sure you can understand the need for secrecy for a small circle. I do. I remember where we found the stone. The storm. Yes. I feel like you know the rest of this story, and I am at a disadvantage. (sighing) Yeah, yeah, yeah-- Now, between you and I-- There was a storm-- do I remember? Darktow's over here, right? We're over here. Okay, okay, okay. Yep. Fuck it. Yes, I do remember where the ship sank. I agree. I believe that will have to wait until we find ourselves on Darktow, though. (laughter) I would agree. (stuttering) Yeah, I'm going to go for it. I'm going for it. I will-- (noises of distress). Oh god, okay. Yep, yep, yep. I will keep Avantika's hand and walk around the desk, and I will try the old lean-in and see what the reaction is. Yeah. 16. An adrenaline-- Do I make my way back to quarters before sun-up? I don't know if I want to stay the entire evening there. Oh! Okay. No, I'm not going to stay. You don't walk out of the captain's quarters at sun-up. Plus, I'm super tired. I will leave and try to stealth back to the quarters of everyone else. Hopefully you're super asleep. Come on, copper dice gods. 18. I'll let Yasha roll for hers. d8 for me, right? Five.