What. Yet more evidence why we should see the return of Max "Better Sam" James. You're still wearing your purse, by the way Arsequeef will take care of it. He is. I don't think so. Might be unwise. Yeah, I want that bracelet. I'll reach down and pick it up. I'll hold it in front of his face. You used this to control that? That's a 25. Well, it depends on how forthcoming you are. Anything I need to know to operate this thing or I just slap it on and start giving commands? Indeed. The hour is nigh. May I ask how you came to be enslaved in this predicament in the first place? How about an answer for the bracelet? That's right you do! I'm sorry to hear that. I never like to see a creature put under the boot of somebody else for their gain. I'll toss him the bracelet. Actually, if you wouldn't mind, we have further need-- Not even five minutes. Perhaps if he can tell us the safe way out of here in exchange for letting us have our way with Algar, he could be on his way and we can have our time. But I don't want to kill Algar. I do not. Nope. Hand up, one sec. Yeah, I'm saying Don't kill Algar. I want to know if there's other booby traps. I'm not sure yet. Algar? I'll give him a little cheek slap. I'll tear off a sheet of ribbon off of my sleeve and I'll wrap it around his forearm like a tight tourniquet. 11. Silversilt? I'm pretty sure-- Oh! Thank you. Nope, no. I just forgot he was there. Actually, Algar might need a quick-- No! Yeah. I like that. Plus, they're guards, it's their duty to fight, which they did and we defended ourselves. I feel like-- We'll make it pretty quick. Yep. If we want to be really careful, there are other places to stay. I think we're going to listen to your influence on this one, Jester; it is closest to you. No. No hard plans. Well, let's wake up this son of a bitch. Yeah, we'll get answers. Yeah, that's it. I'll bring the tip of the falchion right under his chin. You know, before we begin, we got this thing about calling out, yelling, really sensitive eardrums, so let's not do that. Back unconscious! I'll lean over to Nott and say Nott, do me a favor and make sure he's not carrying anything fancy in his pockets. What was your job down here, and why were you giving commands to that creature with this bracelet? Who do you report to? Marquis... Yeah, not LePual. Demesne. The creature that was here and the magic used to control him, is that something that you brought to the table, or was that a device given to you and known in the higher ranks of government? One of two cities? And the other would be? Right. What else do you do here in Nicodranas? What do you do to pass the time, Algar? I'm trying to decide whether or not to hand you over to this fearsome beast over here, and I point to (laughing) Caleb. I'll make you into a jacket. You have any significant others in the city? Agreed. I think we all know The Ruby of the Sea far and wide. Think she'd miss you if you went missing? Yeah. Especially if you start to admit that you did it all yourself. I'll use Mask of Many Faces to look just like him. (as Algar) Who the fuck are you? 19. You know what I'm feeling like, Beau? That I just need to get out of this city and never come back, go somewhere far away. I hold up also a stump, because my hand is missing. I need to go, in a boat, and just go. Maybe a haircut, maybe a new name, too. What do you think? All depends on how we decide to act as we get out of here. I'm sure you know a very safe way to the surface, yes? Shall we? Just walk out with handless, bagged man? Jorge, any traps, contraptions we should be aware of as we're heading out? How far away is the other container for the other, I assume, creature under the same restraints we saw here? He mentioned going to free his compatriot? Oh, I thought there were two under Nicodranas. I was okay with the rolling blackouts in Nicodranas, but two cities I feel a little worse about. A little worse. They'll figure it out. There's a mage tower that goes up and down. This place will be fine. Well, Jorge, why don't you show us the way out? Pre-dick or post-dick? Just a moment. We're going to need those keys. Now, I'm sure it goes without saying that once you leave this place, if you yell, or act a fool in any way, we will tear you asunder before you can say "Ow." Yeah. That's a bitch. What do you guys think? I feel like I need to partake on this voyage today. Don't you think? Almost ASAFP? Right? It was a nice day earlier. You want to do that? Shouldn't have been a dick. Where? I don't think it has a shore. Let's send him to Marquet. There you go. Nice. You want to put back one of those platinums? Let me get that part. (slap) Any boat. That ring of keys that he gave us approximately how many keys are on that thing? Yes. And, "I plan to betray all of the city's secrets to your foes if I ever return. "It'll be very smart to kill me on sight." (laughter) I didn't dismiss it. You mean as we go outside outside? Go back inside the room! Remember, we don't want anybody to like him when he comes back. You can go. Christ, it's a letter; just fucking write it and send it. Okay. No, we're all back together now. Well, I feel like that kind of went about as well as it could have. What do we do now? See who? We could do both. Sabian was? Me. Let's make our way back towards the-- (under his breath) Jesus Christ. Yep. I've got to take more organized notes. Maybe we can stop by the fancy tower on the way back? Sure. About what time is it? Right, you said that. No bigs. I'm tapped. I can't do anything. Yeah. It doesn't bother you that it grows taller as you get closer? No doors. Oh shit. Yeah. That's not true, this is your home! It's where you're from. Yeah, we have time. We're going to tell the truth about that? I would be glad to-- With tiefling horns and tail coming out of it. "I'm going to have an owl!" I think they're worried about the-- (whistles) (laughing) This sounds like a warning. Is he coming with? Okay, yep. Good. We're inconspicuous with a big fucking horned owl on your arm. She had a cat. The-- It was the Open Quay right? Was where he wanders at midnight? Yes. Pass that 26. Should we go out and tell them we're bearing gifts and shit? Yeah. Tell them we're bearing gifts and we want to see the captain, see what happens? All right. Yeah, I like that. I'll run and-- staying a good distance in-- I'll drop off the docks under the water and start swimming. Five. I didn't even ask how far is the water from the fucking dock? Five feet, or like 15 feet? Is it a tall dock? Okay. Sweet, I can't even get out of this water if I wanted to. I'm disappointed in us. That was the most flounder-fucky sneak up ever. We should have walked up and said, "We've come bearing gifts. Where is the captain?" Code word? Do I roll for Yasha, too? I rolled a natural 20. (laughing) Yasha rolled a two. This is weird. I'm the only 20? Two, plus whatever her initiative bonus is, which I don't know. I do. All right. I'm going to use my bonus action to use the single charge on Summer's Eve-- doesn't use a spell slot-- to Misty Step from my position in the water up to where Marius is. Summer's what? What's the name of the sword? Summer's Dance! (laughter) Nope, it's Summer's Eve from now on. Oh my god, amazing. 30 feet. It is every short or long rest. With my action, I will use Thunder Step. Well, I'll reach out and grab towards Marius and say, come with us, and cast Thunder Step. He has to be willing to come with. Oh, really? That's a natural one. Fair enough. Does it cancel out the spell or does it still happen and he just doesn't come with? Well, that didn't work. I will-- I did. I rolled a natural one. It was great. He didn't want to come. Yep. Par for the fucking course. Can I make it over to this dock over here? 90 feet. That's 3d10 thunder damage. (counting) Eight points of thunder damage, woo. That's good. Oh god. Where's the reset button? Can we reach in the SNES, push the game up and down? Oh yeah, you can hear it within 300 feet, so. Right here, put me out of my misery. Because I was behind them, yeah. We are missing a long rest. We could just get the fuck out of here. He does? Misses. Nice! Boil their flesh, Caduceus, let's go. Do it. Bring it. Yasha, seeing all these arrows fly at Beau, she would like to rage. She will rush up next to Beau towards the half-orc captain. Beautiful. She will make-- does she get two attacks? Two reckless attacks against the half orc. Oh! Then we'll make it regular so that he doesn't get advantage back. Only the person you attack. Any attacks against you. Been a while! That's a... 19? Ooh. The second one is a 12. She rolls-- what is it, 2d6, maybe? 15. 18 plus six is 24, plus an additional d6. That's two. What did I say? Yes. Nice! "You okay?" Oh, it's me? You know what? Fuck it. I'll use my last spell slot to cast Hypnotic Pattern. I will make it in the shape of the cat's eye sphere above the ship so that everyone can see it. It's brand new. I'll miss the guy at the back. Yes. 15 is the save. Yeah, they're incapacitated. Their speed is zero. But if they take damage or if someone else uses an action to shake the creature out of their stupor, then they (confused noises). Yeah, I've bascially Thundercat Ho'd the eye up into the-- Yes. Nope, I'll come over here. That hits. 17 is my armor class. Hits. Oh man, we might get lucky. Marius! If Marius is incapacitated. She slips on some slick dock wood and slides right into him. Fucking power plants are shutting down-- I just wanted to see you roll! Sacred Flame making it through! Please be shipping black powder. TRAVIS and Who gives a shit? They deserve to die! I hope there's nobody important in the bow of the ship. He would've painted that shit on there. I don't see it in there. Hey man, if you've got Fireball. Yasha's going to rush up and aid Beau in trying to pull Marius towards the docks. Would it help make full speed when it comes back to Beau's turn if she's assisting? Can they double pull? Yeah. I guess do you want me to roll to grapple? 15 plus her natural strength. God, it's an athletics check? What's her athletics? Yep. I'm going to run over here. (counting) I'm going to stand out here and I'll unleash two Eldritch Blasts at this Enforcer. (quietly) Awesome, great, good stuff. (louder) That's a 20. 11. Oh, nice, okay. 11 points of damage on the first one and ten points of damage on the second, so 22 total. What, that "we come bearing gifts"? Hits. It hits. Punish me for this horrible fucking crap. Oh yeah. Let them go. What the fuck are we going to do? Run and jump on the goddamn boat? All right, sure, go for it. Do what you were going to do. Do it! Do it! Go ahead and fuck them up, man. Go for it. We're all going to die. We need to get onto the boat and get out of here. Yes. Yes. I'm fine. He's going to go hang with the Ruby. Yasha's going to run her ass onto the boat. Double dash, if she needs to. Right, and she will assume the Dodge whatever in case they throw fire or something at her. I'm going to Arnold Schwarzernegger from True Lies run and jump off the dock and dive into the water, heading straight towards the boat in a straight line because my speed is the same on land or in the water and I will double dash to the boat. I'll be like, "We're getting the fuck out of here. Shove off!" Are we tied up, too? I set the boat on fire and kill us all. (laughter) This was just fucked from the first. 17 will hit, 15 misses. Okay. We want to pull up the anchor or are we moving yet? With her movement, she'll stand in front of Marius like a human shield. From any arrows that might be coming. Do I get an attack of bitch slapping? I go up and I kick Marius in the water-- no. (laughter) I'll do that. Do I have an action or did I double dash to get down here? Oh, I'll use my bonus action to cast Hexblade's Curse on that Enforcer. With the hope that he will soon be dead. I'm going. (laughter) Yeah, I know, yeah. It misses. It hits. Nope. I'm uncon-- No, I'll use my Relentless En-fucking-[slurred] Well, I'm up to one hit point. Just out of pity's sake. I'm disappointed I came back up to one hit point. In myself, yeah. Is that already halved because of raging? You're right, that would fall. Yeah. Oh, she did. The dock's on fire, for crying out loud. Yasha's going to turn and bear hug Marius. Awesome. She's going to assume the dodge-- Is there anything else to do? Does Yasha know boats? I mean, I suppose she could run over to the gangplank and she could try to pull it and shove it against the dock and push off. 26. I'll back up to the top of the ship, where I should be useful. Do I have an action? I'll climb up onto where the rudder is. I start turning the bow of the ship out towards the sea. I'm smashing my head into the fucking bow. I fall unconscious. When I wake up this will all be over. I do that. Yes, I do. I do it. No, that's fine. Frustration's good enough. Frustration's fine. No, that's appropriate for today. Oh right, you don't know how to sail the ship. Hoist the thing and then the other one. Ooh, the mage. A mage, or the mage? LAURA and Oh, Yasha's... Yasha assists Beau in getting the ship-- Keeping an eye out for Caduceus, start to steer the ship along the coastline this way. 18. No, fuck that guy. Where's Caduceus? Just sail. Yep, just sail. As she put her hands up, he can see her flexing biceps. Nobody's going down there to help Jester? Toll the Dead. It Wasn't My Intention the name of this episode. With an I or a Y? Yeah. Would it mean anything if we said that we come bearing gifts and that we are looking to see the Captain? I'll reach behind my hand and use Minor Illusion and create a little replica of the cat eye sphere and hold it out in front of him. From who? What are your ambitions with it? Have we patted him down? We're not sure yet. Tighten them and tie him to the mast will you. Shove it back in. (laughing) Maybe there will be lunch meats down there and we can make a sandwich. (laughing) Oh! First pet down. He's eating mice. Or he's chasing the ship and he can't catch up. That map is gorgeous! He didn't even make an attack.