Yeah, we play Dungeons & Dragons! Sorry. I'm excited. Is that what that hat is? I'm not sure if we'll animate that one, but-- You were a bunch of crackheads. Crackheads. Polished, professional. Everything you do, have done, or will do. Oh god. Doogie Howser, eat your fucking heart out. Neither can the fans, steamy Dr. Mercer. Is that what it was? Yes! Oh, I love it! Oh god. One two three, not it! TALIESIN, MARISHA, and Yeah! Come on, Piggly Wiggly! Your what? You got a gat? Yeah, like one round, single shot? Oh shit! Okay! (deadpan) Wait, let me come along. Catch y'all on the flip. Yeah. Going on a trip. That's some Odyssey of the Mind stuff, right there. Straight up catapult? (strained) Buy it. You haven't come this far. Yep, so much. Oh, god. Take both my eyes. What's on TV, babe? HG-- nope, I'm out. No. How about layaway? Handaxe. Did you just now realize that? Oh, shit, you got a hundred dollar rebate! (laughing) Oh my god, she's got a caffeine fucking IV under the desk. Holy shit. Wider brim? On Halloween, all the kids are outside? Yeah, her chests. Sorry. Are you not entertained!? Yeah. It came out of the ground. Maybe not from her. Just bailed. (laughter) Sure. Yeah. The previous events have rocked Fjord a little bit. Are there any bars or taverns in Zadash that may house frequent sailors or people of trade, merchants? I know that I've made that trip. How far is it from Zadash back to the northernmost part of the Menagerie Coast? (sighs) I think Fjord's going to take a steed and start heading south by himself. While he heads south, I'd like to adopt various disguises as I stop in inns, taverns, places of trade, and carefully hear if anyone is mentioning the name "Sabian," if people are talking about ships, and try and casually make my way further south, knowing that I have an amount of time to get back north. I'd like to try to make my way down and see what I can hear and find out. Okay. 12, nine, and a six. Yeah, I think I'll make it to the end of that week and start to make my way back. No, I know now that the strength is in the numbers of the group. I'll stop and head back. Yeah. That's about it. Jesus. Fuck your bracers. I got new shit! (impacts) That's some restricted reading bullshit. I forgot, I should've looked at my list. I had one or two other little things. I was like, I feel like I came up-- Oh, there's more shit. Yeah. We can just say on the way back from those visits, at night when I made camp, I want to summon the falchion and spend more time with it. Examine it, specifically the eye, if it has that sort of-- in the letter, it looked like there was a gash into the sphere itself. Does it represent that, is it smooth? Does it move? Is it near the crossguard, or is it near the pommel? Super fast. Creepy. What the hell does that mean? Okay. When I get back, could I make my way to The Gentleman for just a quick convo? You guys are going to shop, ah! What was it? MARISHA and Yes, I appreciate you making some time for me this evening. Turns out we might be traveling a little bit pretty soon. We're going to be making our way towards the Wayfarer's Cove. Your knowledge of areas outside of Zadash seems so extensive, what with the errands you sent us on. I was wondering, could you share with me any knowledge you might have about criminal underbellies, any competitors you might have in business that's not of an official nature in cities, particularly around Nicodranas, Port Damali, the Menagerie Coast. Is your reach that far? That's where I was going with that. Yeah, it's where I'm from. Indeed. Father Dwondaff Pierce? I bring many gifts. Indeed, I wouldn't dare. After all, you do have a little way of keeping track of where we are and what we do. I appreciate your help in this matter. Hopefully we can be of some service to you down there. Please do. You can be assured that I will. Thank you for your time, I'll leave you now. (stuttering) Hm? Tell me about these dreams. Oh god. Oh, that's good. 18. (whispering) God, why was I gone for six weeks? Okay. (normal volume) Yes, unfortunately your dreams may have some merit. I myself was missing for most of our journey, and it seems, unfortunately, that Lucien befell a terrible fate. I'm sorry to be the one to let you know. If I was there I could give you more detail, but I found out much in the same way you are. You said he left before and then came back. If you don't mind my asking, the last time that he left, do you remember the circumstances of his departure? And then you saw him here for the first time in quite a while, yes? Two years? Two years. Are you-- and forgive me if this is too personal-- are you expecting to see him again? Indeed, maybe it was. You have my apologies and my condolences. I hate to leave you with such sour news, but I must be going. Fuck. Then I'll head back to The Leaky Tap. It's a gift. Your Anarchist's Cookbook. A negative three to your deception? You can reappear ten feet away. It's either ten or five. But you have to roll for it. But you've got to roll 11 or higher for you to even blink out in the first place. You got it. 11 or higher. No problem. Are there? You can kill him. Get the fuck out. Oh, here we go. (poof, poof) Don't mind that. Do you still look like the lord of the-- Two steps! That is easily the most fucked two characters have ever been, to a full reversal! That is the deepest fuckage we've ever dipped a toe in. Keyleth getting arrested, I don't give a shit. You guys were fucked. (laughing) Secret cabal, because there are so many of them! Yeah, feed the baby, give it life. An uneventful two weeks for everyone, I assume? Oh, that's good. New books? Right. Beau, you look like you got a couple new little marks and stuff. Yeah, I never even met a ghost. How would you punch it? Okay. Nott? How was your--? Yeah? Nice. Caduceus? How was your time? Have you met more than one ghost before? You don't have to tell me any more, it's fine. I'll just imagine the worst possible-- I have a request. Upon further inspection of this here letter, Quen'pillar is the month that we're in, which we all know, right? It is. How time flies. While I have no idea who Marius LePual or Evantica or any of this is, this was supposed to be delivered by the end of this month to the Wayfarer's Cove. It's back in-- help me? The Menagerie Coast. Where Jester and I are from. I have. Nicodranas is where Jester's from, I'm from Port Damali. I don't. I don't? I don't. I was thinking about it. I journeyed a little further south. I'm actually looking for someone and I had been meaning to head back that way, anyway. If this is taking us in that direction, if it'll teach us anything more about the, you know, (grunting). Yes, it was. Either way, I don't feel very comfortable with it residing in my person. Nope, I just feel like me. It was the vision that came with it that fucked me up a little bit. No, but I just kept replaying it over and over. It was dark for so long, and there was nothing really to distract you. I just kept seeing his face, and him holding the orb and pushing it into his, or my chest, and the body on the ground. Yeah. Does he say stuff like that a lot? Sure, yeah. It's warmer, and there's certainly less snow. Who are you drinking? I previously wanted to go north to the Soltryce Academy, but I feel like that's another step in the direction that's not pressing for right now. Yeah. There's no telling that they're going to share any information with me, anyway. I'm fucking absorbing things and shit just appears and I'm getting stronger by the day and it has nothing to do with the things that I'm learning. There's no books or knowledge, it's just happening. What if they look at me like you guys look at me sometimes? What if they don't let me go? Maybe that's not where I need to be. Like weird shit is happening. It's hard when you're the only one experiencing it. It's hard to relay. I'm certainly open to that. What do you want to know? No, I don't believe so. I did tell Molly before we were taken about a crewmate of mine named Sabian. He was the one that ambushed the ship, that caused the explosion that threw me overboard. The one that probably sent Vandren to his fate. After I woke up on the shore afterwards, I found the sword and I wasn't quite sure where I was. I found a road and managed to hitch a ride back towards Port Damali, and when I got there I went to Vandren's storehouse, and I planned to go through his things. I was more high up on the crew than Sabian was, but his place had been ransacked. Gone through. Torn through. There was a local butcher next door that I walked into, and he had said that he was glad to see at least one other of us, that no one else had returned. I said Who was the other one? He had said Sabian. So I feel like he somehow survived. He knows what happened, why it happened. I can't bear the thought of something happening to me because I'm pursuing this. And I summon the sword. I don't want to be focused on this. I want to be focused on that. Plus, I feel like if those events led to this, maybe there's a remedy for the whole thing. Or just kill him. That'd be fine. But yeah, maybe some answers first. He and I have a long history. But, after he-- So we were in the storm. He ran belowdecks, and he placed a bundle next to a lot of the crates that we were shipping. That was unusual for him, so I followed him down and I saw him with a lantern in his hand, and when he turned he had lit what looked like a fuse. I called out, he threw a few daggers at me. They hit; I went down, he ran past me. Just as I made my way back above decks, I called his name and I saw him at the bow of the ship, and it looked like he was preparing to jump overboard, which in a storm like that is insane. That's when the explosion hit. It ripped into my back. It threw me over, and I remember going underwater and seeing parts of the ship fall, and flames above the water. I could see things falling, and some of it was cargo, and some of it looked like me. I just feel like he was prepared to get the hell out of Dodge. No. My teacher and my captain, Vandren, is the one I saw in this vision, and he had the same sphere. I saw myself through his eyes, and he was holding the sphere and pushing it into his chest. He was also standing over a man. I saw his reflection. He seemed younger, so I don't know when it was, but I didn't know that side of him. He was an exacting man. Firm, but fair, and it just leaves more questions than I have answers to. I honestly don't know. I've thought about what it was like before I had this-- I'll make the sword disappear. Life was simple, but I don't feel like I had the ability to affect my surroundings. I was not a proponent of change. It's selfish, but I feel like I can do things now. I don't know if I would get rid of it, but I want to know what happened to him. I owe him that much. Yeah, I was thinking that if you wouldn't be opposed, we could go back to the Menagerie Coast, stop by your mom's place in Nicodranas. Yeah, I was telling them I feel like instruction isn't exactly what I need; it's not going to get me anything, yet. I just feel like I need to take steps in the right direction, does that make sense? Feels like I'm stalling. Yeah, the letter does say the Wayfarer's Cove and it says it's supposed to be delivered by the end of this month, so I feel like there's some urgency if we're going to capitalize on intercepting this. Oh, I hadn't realized. What if you show up with inherent abilities? No, certainly not yet. If it will help me find that fuck, then I'd prefer to hold onto them. I don't know how I'd give it back. Poop it out? Then I ate the poop stone. Yep. Didn't wash it off or nothing. It was underwater, though, so-- Canon. (laughter) (laughing) I poop out my pee-hole. Yep. I would hate to go without all of you. Just to be clear, we can meet your mom, but you can't? You're just not supposed to be seen coming back? Got it. Oh, speaking of-- Before you came down-- No destination. That's a big-ass road. You can see that and mountains. Shit. Got that paper! What level are they? Boosh! Hey! Invisi-cart.