We're going to recycle all those papers, right? Yes! Operation Supply Drop is my charity that we are supporting this November in honor of Veterans Day. OSD is an amazing charity. They've helped over 750,000 members of the military community. In active service, in their transition back to civilian life, they help the families of the people that have served. These guys are so great. They have skill fairs, they help people with job training, resumes, anything that'll take them from being a military back into the real world. To me, it's so personal. My family has been in the military for, oh god, decades. So if you can, share with your friends and family, give a little love. Everything you need to know about the charity, or just donate, is at critrole.com/osd. Honey Heist! Honey, Honey Heist! So much power at one table. Wow! Yeah, yeah! Are you doing that in a speedo, or what? What? Amazing! Going to eat food! Thousands! We will certainly try. Polite piracy Yeah, so, the group is us plus Avantika and-- Night time, right? Sun has gone down? Okay. Avantika is the Infinity Gauntlet and she has one stone. (laughter) Captain, how did the current Plank King get to the position that he holds now, do you know? A little mutiny, eh? Did-- Hmm. Interesting. No, that's all. That's what I was going to ask if you were a fan or not. Any foes of yours in this Darktow? Anyone we should look out for? Yeah, why would you get wrapped up in that? Yeah, let's go grab a drink. MARISHA and Yep. We go. They do that cafeteria thing, "Hey! Hey, you want to sit? Over here?" You're no good at those, right? I want to know what blood type they are. I'll grab a drink and I'll head over to where Vera's sitting. Yeah, I'll take a drink and I'll plop it down right in front of her and I'll take a knee on the floor, so I'm kneeling next to her on the other side of Avantika. I'll say Hey listen, no hard feelings, right? Right, whatever's best for the ship. Well, I feel the presence of Uk'otoa smiling on all of us and I know that our partnership here will be a beneficial one. Well, this has been fun. If you need anything, as your quartermaster, you just let me know. Sorry, I didn't catch your name, it was--? Oh, I'm Fjord. Nice to meet you. Strong name. We just got here. (gulping) We're all grabbing our drinks and standing up. "Should I be mean?" I got one gold on the blue one. Anyone want one gold on the blue one? (groaning) He's on the edge, finish him! Yeah, and you kept all your teeth. LAURA and Nott, unconscious person down. What's the rest of Avantika's crew doing? Are they in the scrap as well? Hourly flare-up. Wow, where the fuck did you guys just go? I hope we're going there after this show. TALIESIN and Just taken with the saying? Yeah, it's a fairly benign saying. Don't get too lost in it. I was wondering how empty that cup is. I was going to ask. You had an ale or whatever everybody else is drinking? Caduceus Wayne? SAM and Gunner master, Nott, gunner master. Was she directing that towards Avantika? You mean a competitor in terms of sea space, or in terms of your faith? Diver's Grave? It would appear so, yeah. 15. Yeah! That's fortuitous. Her claws. Single eye, huh? Anyone else getting a bad feeling about that? (low-pitched) Break it, break it, break it down. Sorris, is that somewhere you've been to? You seem like a very fortune-seeking type. You don't stop, either? You know, most myths are based off of some sort of fact. We don't happen to know what the song thinks this dreadful creature is, do we? Is that a thing? You can't really sing underwater, so how's that work? I love that everyone did that at the same time. That's all I needed. Well, great. We'll find this solution to the diving in the morning, and then in a day or two we'll make our way? Do you need any help securing this solution? Well, being that you'll be out, anything you need done for the ship or the crew while you're away, as your quartermaster? Wonderful. All right. And your crew? Do I need to keep an eye on anyone? Wonderful. Being that this is our first time in Darktow, I would like to see the rest of the area. Would anyone care to join me for a stroll? Back corners, alleys? No. Who would be so foolish? Little would they know, they'd be tangling with Avantika's crew, and that's something they don't want to mess with, right? You see everything, why are you even rolling? You've got fucking Mad-Eye Moody's eye where it's on me the whole time and the other one's doing its own thing. Ridiculous. She's on a nickname basis already. She's like, "We're not there yet! We're not fucking Alice yet." Oh! The hand touch! No! Maybe that is better, yeah. I'm come join him out front. You're up front, right? I put my hand on Caduceus' shoulder. How you doing? You seemed a little more at ease. I'll lean in a little bit. You do much drinking in there? I'm not really getting the fumes on your breath. Really? Is there a reason for that? What happens when you drink? Did you have stuff in your cup, right? You don't have to fake it. You can just-- Right. Anything popping up on that special radar of yours? Yeah. That she is. Should we grab the others and go explore for a bit? Yep. I mean, I think. Is anybody out here in earshot? Yeah, listen. About that. Let's just keep it right between the amigos, all right? Just because-- No. That's us, right? One amigo, two amigo. You and I are amigos. It'll be our thing. Like we're bunkees. We share-- No. We're not going to share amigos. We are the amigos. Sharing amigos is a whole other-- yeah. Well, actually, that's kind of what I wanted to talk to you about. You're real good at picking up on little things, yeah? Heh, no, I think that's pretty clear. I'm just letting you know I'm trying to keep her close. I feel like this whole thing's getting a little out of sorts and the best way to keep a small finger on the pulse of things is to-- Yeah. Haven't been very good at it so far. Thank you. Yeah, more of that to come. Where's the rest of these chuckle-fucks? Head down, huh? Contemplation. (singing) I want to take a night walk-- that's not a song. We'll poke our heads back in and go-- We'll wave them out. (whispering) Ask him about the Diver's Grave. I'll get the other 50. If I may, Orly, you seem to be very familiar with the Diver's Grave and the song. Do you know anything more specific of it and creatures that might be in that area? Things to look out for? Deep-ocean folk? Any good things about the area that you care to share? Right. All right, who are we missing? Why are you guys wiping your hands on your pants? Okay. Who wants to go explore? Yeah, I figured we'll use the night air to our advantage, acclimate a little bit. Oh, if there is trouble, let's try and resolve it-- well... Yeah. The Judge? Will do. It's so intimidating when she says it like that. For the sword? Up away from the docks. Checking the bottom of my shoes, like What did we step in? Why is it--? Outhouse, campaign two. Here we go. Like? Okay, Tiffany. And? Which ship? How will they crack this if they hear us? How do we reference the--? The Apricot. Nope, it's this. Say that again? Let's walk-and-talk about Tiffany. Tiffany doesn't know that we're talking about her. Come on! A lot of store fronts and things that are closed up for the night. No. Maybe they were looking for a new environment and they found exactly what they were looking for. Ooh, natural 17, for 19. There was a lot of assimilation here. Here it is. How drunk are you? I think that's the highest priority. The only thing that we haven't discerned from Tiffany is if she knows where the next-- No, we know where the apricot might be, where the next apricot tree might be. Or fruit stand. I like it. Well, if you used her right name. Yeah, wow. Well, I can tell you that her quarters have a balcony. Yeah, because if we are planning to leave without her, that means she'll give chase-- I mean, I hate to even suggest it, but I'd rather not have someone hot on our tail. Well, as Honda, I would race to the apricot and seize it so that she can't pick that fruit. Keep it for ourselves in our fruit basket, and make off and decide if we're going to make marmalade later or not. We actually don't know where the other tree is yet, that's the thing. We just know where the fruit is. They're in season right now. If we do that, we might need to ask Tiffany if she knows the location of the tree because it hasn't been brought up as of yet. It was a long walk, but we're all on the same page. Okay, are we up for a little B&E? In real life or the game? Yeah, absolutely. Don't you have another way to make a door? Yeah. I mean there was a door-- was it solid wood or did it have glass? Sure. Maybe with a short rest. Maybe. Who's the queen in this scenario? SAM and The two clerics are not going on the mission together! Doesn't Ipsis-- small like? That's a natural one, this is going to fucking suck. (laughter) No. Also where are we staying tonight? Are we staying at The Bloated Cup, or we finding-- On Tiffany's ship? It might not be a bad idea to find a room that's not at the Bloated Cup and not on the ship. Just so we're not suspicious. How do you feel about rooms at the Bloated, Cad? Three rooms? Hopefully some with windows? Smells like shit in there. Famous last words. Look, I'll be fine. I'll make sure she's occupied. Now, what do you mean "in the room"? What form is Frumpkin, an octopus? Is he there? Am I carrying him in, like it's no big? Yeah, I don't think so. Listen, let's just kick this thing off. I'll toss Frumpkin back to Caleb. Look, I leave this in your capable hands. If for some reason Tiffany's on the move, or if something seems up, listen for thunder. How about that? Nothing I could say would beat that. So. Sure, whatever you feel is best. All right, here we go. I head off towards The Bloated Cup. Real confident, real strong. If Bouldergut is in the Bloated Cup, that's where Yasha is. Is somebody aiding you in that? No. It's real sotto, so we don't have to use code words anymore. He's our type, man, he thinks sleeves are bullshit too. No, I'm not. False backs to safes. I'll head up the stairs to the second room on the right, was it? Anyone in the hallways? No sign of Bouldergut? 11. She's an ogre. Okay. Yeah, second door on the right, and I'll put my ear against the door. Shit, balls, ass. Oh, three. (sighs) (heartbeat) (knocking) Oh, sorry. Is-- (clears throat) is the captain in? Fjord. Who's this? Second door on the-- Is there a door across the hall? I'll put my ear on that one. Three. Does it look like there's any light on under the door? Bouldergut? Captain. She's very loyal. How long has Bouldergut been with you in your service? Quite some time. How have your evenings been? Any more dreams? Tell me. Yes. I'd like that. Yes, that's more correct, yeah. Can you give yourself advantage? I don't need this in my life. Jewelry boxes. Confused is complicated. He's going to tell you; you've got to roll to see what happens. Yeah, she could be straight up like, "Nope!" I'll open the door. Is there any ice? No? Okay. Yeah! It's even harder to spot them now. The most inconspicuous person. Oh my god. Perception. What does that do? Or running? I'm in a great deal of pain! (impact) Bloated Cup? No smoke coming out of the cigarette. (door slamming) (heavy breathing) I look down the stairs. Can I see Caduceus down there? Yeah, I'll come down and-- A drink? Hey, Deucey. How we doing? Oh, good report. Yeah, I'll just hold my cup and wait for something to happen. Oh, compound! Well, shall we, you know, turn in for the night? Seems like it's been a crazy one. We'll all pile into one room before we separate for the night. Or how about-- What'd you find? Oh. Okay. Well, first-- Was it hidden, where you found it? Should we detect to see if it has magic anyway, like a trace on it? Yeah, just empty your pockets. Let's just make sure nobody's following this stuff. That's not as lo-fi as we were discussing. We saw them. Yeah, well, isn't Allison not cool with Avantika, and the enemy of my enemy is my friend, right? So why would we want to get Allison in trouble? Yeah. Sure. Yeah. LAURA and Maybe we just hold onto them for now. They came in containers, right? Are they just gems, or are they specific pieces of jewelry? If you're going to plant them on anybody, Vera would be a good candidate. Well, because she's a bitch. We got to get her out of here. She's, you know, wants my job. Yeah, we're definitely going to plant it on her. Cause some commotion at the top. Caleb, what do you got? Oh, it hasn't been time. Ooh! Please be an almanac! Sorry. What language was that in? Oh. That's not great for us. You're due one. Rise, baby, rise! What if the necklace as a trace on it? O for six in the series and you crank one at the bottom of the ninth. Oh wow! We're not keeping anything on our persons. We need to hide it, bury it. Uh-huh. You dump that bag out or just go searching for a necklace, stick your hand it, it comes right out. Or we could old-school bury it under a tree, right? Mark it? Same diff. Frame somebody? Well, listen. I am all for putting Vera in a bad light, right? Avantika is going to want to know who did this. Yeah, Tiff. Old Tiff Fanny. Might as well put it on her, right? No. No, but, maybe we're thinking too small-ball. If you can actually make a translation of that thing, that's the frame we've been looking for. We take that to the Plank King, we're going to get all the head start we can get. We know where the other peach tree is now, so-- It's apples and peaches, so you know. Yeah. Yeah, I think it's too dangerous to try and plant it on her. It's adding one step that we don't need. I think we take it, once you're finished-- Yeah. I agree. I don't think it does, right? As Beau has appropriately stated many times, snitches get stitches. If we walk that in there, the Plank King might just be looking for disloyal motherfuckers to hang up by their toes. We need to find a way to either message that, to send via messenger with the book and a codex that you've created, and let him be able to see the evidence for himself. We're assuming that she wants to destroy her. Yeah, maybe they need to (yowl) get it on, you know? A physical copy or up in the dome? True. What? To go with the package? Yeah, that swings back to us a little bit. Yes. Yeah. I don't know how we get out of here, but we're going to try. Well, we need to wait until they apprehend her. We do something. Oh boy. You know-- Okay. Just throwing it out there, big picture, okay, because there are two goals on that map. One is the peach, the other is the peach tree. If we go to one and she goes to the other, and let's say she gets deferred adjudication and gets out just a little bit after us, she might be waiting for us at one or the other. I'm just saying. Let's just do that. Let's let Caleb do his thing, and we'll see what the morning does. Where are we keeping the gems and everything else in the meantime? The lead safe? Do we still have that? In the bag? No, if she gets the book back-- We do have the lead safe. The Dodecahedron's in it. Yeah. Make it so. Well, once she's apprehended. Yeah, okay. We'll send some food and water up your way. The jewels in the containers go in the lead safe. In the Bag of Holding. Is it stupid to be literally down the hall decoding this journal all night from where Avantika's staying? It's just a warning system, right? It doesn't keep her out. So will Yasha. It's in the safe, right? Lead should block it. Yes it is. Yep. Caduceus and I will open the door to our room. Now? Yeah, sure. Let us get our shit together. Okay. Grabbing our stuff. You could just pop out of the room and meet us on the way. No, I mean Jester pops out of the room with the bag and leave it somewhere, then meet us on the way to the ship. Dimension door the fuck out of the room. Not now. There's no time. We're going down. No! No. I'd rather fight over it than lose a check, just going like, "Uh!" All right. Do what you're going to do. Do what you've got to do. Who else was walking with us besides Bouldergut? I am burning so many calories right now. That's the most sure way to get it seen. Is this a frequent occurrence when you're in Darktow? This sort of-- Oh.