Paper cut. Well done! Is that the first annual-- Go get it, rate it, love it. Show us that you're reading it. Travis and I-- Keep it within a few months, for the love of-- Ow. We're all fucked up. We're up. Just barely. It's a big head. It might be all we can take. Has the head been damaged at all, or is it mostly intact? Molly, you've got them impressive swords. You want to do some hacking? That's an artiste at work right there. Yeah, totally. The mucus hole. We are fucking with his old co-worker. Sorry! I have it? I'm going to salt it and hang it out to dry. You know exactly what time it is? Tell me you did it. We literally cut the head off Barney and shoved it in her face. (singsong) I love you. I have a good feeling that this guy is a man of upstanding nature. I'm sure he'll keep it to himself. Yeah, of course. We have another bottle. Don't we? After all, we came to him, right? I would prefer not to use any violence. You're right. Coin is a good idea. Oh, shit. Wait a minute. How long did that fight take? Oh, cool. Okay. There was an old man who was with us before. Maybe we give him the extra bottle of wine and you go talk to him. I could stand guard as a crownsguard next to it. Agreed. The less attention, the better. The less attention, the better. Norda? I like it. As soon as other crownsguard arrive with Norda and the rest of whoever you bring to the scene, maybe I can go with you and help return Toya. I think Beau makes a very good point. Without Toya's testimony we're in trouble. Unfortunately, the authorities think that Gustav and the circus are responsible for what happened. Actually, it's just Kylre. He wasn't what you thought he was, I'm afraid. It's Sam good. It might do for you to apologize. Okay, I'm going to hop off the boat and break eye contact with the captain of the boat so that I can Disguise Self into a crownsguard. (English accent) Who goes there? What is this, what have you brought? Are you responsible for this? It's a horrifying-looking creature. You are to be commended for your bravery. Lawmaster Norda will want to know about this immediately. 21. No, 20. All right, we can't waste any time. Tongue and mouth just (lolling). Molly, do you intend to keep Toya here or do you need to take her back? I'm keeping watch over the toad head. It's fucking me, right? We know it's still me. I'm right here. No. You can do what you want. Sure, I'll make a dramatic flourish of it. Take it with you, scratch that. Good idea. All right, go quickly. What, what? You turned into Mr. Rogers? How far away are they from me? Too far? You can roll one hit die. He's rolling commando. He don't want it. You rolled a zero? What's your modifier, negative two? Brave new world. You will. I draw back, and flames burst forth! If I can clock that, I would like to leave the head, move off into the shadows, and assume my older man form. No, I can just drop-- I'll drop the crownsguard, and make the old man and sit so I can keep an eye on it, but away from it. I would like to try, once they start making their way back to that facility, to quickly make my way to the inn, if I can as the old man, enter, make my way into the restroom, drop my disguise, come back out as Fjord. Oh the water closet, what have you. Yeah, the room with the pot in it. Then make my way back to the front door, stick my head out where the guards are. Please, I can't seem to find any of my comrades. Have you seen where they have gone? I was afraid as much. Could I make my way down to where they are being held? I would like to be present, if it would be prudent. Very kind of you. Showing up just to get arrested! Baby oil. I just turn to the nearest crownsguard and-- Molly, what do you think this means for the carnival? It's not that nice. It's very late, right? Don't suppose you want to retire for the evening? Share a drink together now that this is somewhat behind us? I'm sorry, Yasha, for new patrons, you're going to have to surrender your sword. I could, couldn't I? Looks could be deceiving. I just thought it would be a nice gesture. No, to give up her sword. Oh, I'm a paying patron here. They know me quite well. Did you want to stay in that room any longer, Molly? Let's get a drink. No. We had quite the adventure, actually. I know people were hurt, but that was really something. Closed it down. What would you do with a really large tent? Yeah, we were still planning on moving on after this. Well, I wanted to find out more about the Soltrice Academy, yes. I didn't know what direction you were heading. I never even asked what you were doing here in the first place. A walking tour? Are you on a vacation? Bring a lot of money with you for that vacation, did you? I don't believe you're on vacation. Where are you going? She goes unconscious. (laughter) I'll keep that in mind. Up north. Northeast to the Solstryce Academy. We're kind of going from town to town and asking as we go. Afraid we don't know too much. There's safety in numbers, you know? Broke out of prison? That's very impressive. In the short time we've spent with you, you seem to be very upstanding folks. I'm sure it wasn't for anything too serious. Yeah, is there anywhere we should stay away from on our travels? Who said that? Yasha, anywhere that we should avoid for you? Being confined. Damn right. (laughter) That seems fair. If you weren't too anxious to run off anywhere. Right. Any sightseeing we should schedule along our way? Zadash? Keep that in mind. (laughter) You all right with this? Do you? Damn that shit glows! Don't die! Are you alive? How does she look? Oh, fuck! Did you get horse kicked? Damn. How's the horse look? That's a bit excessive. I don't know if that bone's supposed to be sticking out of that part. I bet Yasha can pop it back into place. You just made a bow. Not you, her. What happened to her? With the guy you-- This woman, was she with the fellow that you left with last night? Cobalt Reserve. He was in the court. 11. Apparently eating less of my bacon, motherfucker. Warm doo. Thank you. You just shit all over her. Don't-- put your hands in your pockets. Please be Laura when she was five and break shit. Hold it up! Oh my god! Can I actually approach the storekeep and say do you know of any stores that have arcane items, things with magical properties, healing potions? Further north? I appreciate your time, thank you. She's right fucking there. Shall we depart? Gotta go! That's it for me. It's going to smell like "Sephoria," I know it. That's the fancy version. Instant headache. How about a few experiences? I know a unique substance when I see it, I'll take one as well. I'll tell you what, because you are such a purveyor of such interesting items, I will take one of those health potions, but for 50 gold. That's the running price I've seen in neighboring towns, and I don't mean to be swindled. 21. The decision was still happening by the time you got to the last letter. That is an over-exaggeration. Health potions were quoted at 70, but he was kind enough to understand that 50 was enough. Gold pieces. Soltryce. It's cool now? I'll take it. Yeah, like a wagon. I like it. Yeah, free to go at any time. As long as it serves everyone, we'll stay this way. Do we have our fucking wagon ready? I think we should be able to, yeah. I mean, a little guidance goes a long way. You seem to be good at looking out for Nott. I do. You can trust us. You're safe here. I'm concerned with what happens with Jester and Beau. I think, amongst all of us, we should be fine. We'll make it work. That is mighty considerate of you, Nott. Are you sure you don't want to take a crack at it? Use your diaphragm. Really get a yee-haw, get in there. One more time, on the count of three. One, two, three. On three, I push his chest in. Well, we committed felonies and mail fraud. That's good. We bought a little bit of mold. Yeah, we got to go back and not watch that later. Oh god, we got to shop. We got to book shop.