(silly voice) Dungeons and Dragons! Chick-a-chick ah! Yeah, man! They might get me confused with you just because our voices are so-- That's a good activity. Yeah! Trying to spread that good word. Just run up and bumper tap them. Yeah, it's like it jumped off a cliff and killed myself for no reason. With nothing achieved. I loved it. So good. The recap really sticks it in and turns it. Yeah. I'm at the helm. Is there anybody down below, seeing about that? Yeah, I was going to say, I'm at the helm. Beau, if you'll stay with me. We need to-- We need to check the ship for damages because we tried to blow it up a couple of times, and then if the rest want to head down and see what's below. Any chance you want to come up and help me? I pull a big piece of splintered wood out of my forehead, throw it over to the side. In time, I'm good. Thanks. I'll bark out Make sure the sails are open, tighten all the everything off, and then check the exterior of the ship if you can just for breaks in the wood, fire marks, any damage that you can see. More dope? Nice. Less fancy will actually do us some good in these waters, so that's good. Give it a little flick. Fuck me! Oh god! Help! Oh jesus christ! (laughter) Oh my god! Fuck! TRAVIS and We'll be listening to him lift that rocking chair outside. Oh yes, Matthew! Do us right! Ooh! Yeah, great fucking call. It's a cluster out in the Lucidian Ocean. Jesus! Maybe I jump overboard. Another one what? When he gives descriptions and we don't fucking writes notes, it bites us in the ass. Kind of appropriate? That's a big promotion for him. Carpenter to first mate! Time of day-ish? Oh, shit. Straight out from shore, full sail. Just trying to put distance between us and the coast. I know we have time to decide on our route. Ooh, sports car! Where is Marius? Not to put you too at ease, navigating was never really my thing, either. I'm better than most, but I do need to decide on where we're going. If we want to use Marius, we're going to have to wake his ass up and ask him some questions. Yeah, wake him up. Not-- (stammers) Yeah, probably not. Listen, we'll let you go back to your slumber right quick. Where were you headed with this ship? I assume to meet up with Avantika, yeah? Right. But now we've changed your plans, yes? You're with us? And Avantika needs the sphere, correct? No, but I do. Do you know where she is? I'll reach behind my back and use Minor Image again and show the sphere. Who were you going to give this to? Right. Shadycreek Run. Where we were. You wouldn't happen to know where Jawgrasp called home, would you? Or where he was heading next? Do you feel comfortable on a ship? We are kind of limiting him. He's got big poofy sleeves and everything, he's not going to swim anywhere. You could rid him of that, I hear sleeves are... Hey, welcome to the crew of the-- well, we'll have to rename this thing. And I'll summon the falchion and just swipe through the ropes. Oh, pal. That seems unnecessarily adept. I can't tell, I don't know. Is he an innocent middleman that doesn't know what he's shipping or is it just-- Listen, what we're going to ask for is that you be as forthcoming as you possibly can be. Would you mind walking over to the side of the ship there, and tell me how far Nicodranas looks right now? Yeah. Can't see it, can you? Stuck with us. So I'm going to need everything that comes out of your mouth to be the truth. My goodness, he is very sensitive about this. I'm just trying to set the tone for the ship. Do me a favor. Go below decks and try and find us some drink, will you? Jeez, yeah seriously. Are they coming up? Oh? No kidding! Ax-head is? About the sphere. One. I certainly feel like I have gained abilities, yeah. I don't know though. Is this where they were headed? This is a map to a reef. I know the reefs of the Lucidian Ocean, this is very familiar. Yeah, well otherwise you wreck the ship. Well, there's the Everplume Reef, there's the Torrid Reef, but this looks like the Inkclaw Reef? (groans) That was less. 11. There are a lot. There're quite a few. There are a few reefs that protect certain islands. One of which is the Darktow Isle. You don't want to go there. That would narrow it to two in my mind. If it's in the Lucidian Ocean. One is far northwest of the Darktow and one is more straight east by several hundred miles. What am I after? Well I'd like to see-- I keep saying Avan-teek-a, but it's-- I want to know what she wants the sphere for. I want to know why Vandren had it in the first place. What else are they looking for? Does it have a brother, sister sphere? I don't know. No, I do! This doesn't look like Darktow to me. Darktow is more in a U shape. You really have to go around the whole damn thing to get in without touching the reef. It's a pain in the ass. No, that sounds great to me. You wouldn't let her do that, would you? We have plenty of time, it's quite a distance away. So it could either be the Deep Row Reef or it could be the Inkclaw Reef. Fair enough. We'll have plenty of time, I could-- well, we have to pick one. One's to the northwest and one's down to the southeast from where we are now. If you want-- we do have the stars on our side so we'll be able to navigate easier. We could drop sail and-- Oh, you're going to be so helpful in this! You're the ship's navigator. I dub thee The Mist navigator. The what? The Mistake? SAM and Do I remember if the Deep Row or the Inkclaw, one is closer than the other? My knowledge is limited to what I've journeyed through before. The Inkclaw is closer, we could try there-- at least set course for that direction. How does that sound? Yeah, we could do it. Yes, if nothing else to look out for other ships. I'll tell you what we could do. There's a joint stop on the trade routes, an island called Brokenbank, we could make it there. I'm familiar with how we would get there and we could try and find some extra hands. Almost one-and-a-half times the distance I think, --ish. Yeah. I've never sailed directly to the Inkclaw Reef. I just know where it is because I've seen maps. Yeah, we could return to somewhere else along the-- Nicodranas or Port Damali. I didn't mean for that to go the way it did. Yeah, it's not looking good for us right now. I'll call out to Beau as she's walking off. How's it looking down there? Spirits high? (laughter) Okay, no-- I thought I'd ask. How are you feeling? Yeah, I don't feel very good. It's been a day, right? We were going to talk to Algar, we ended up killing his bodyguards and setting that thing free, and then we were going to go and talk to Marius and then we ended up killing the whole fucking crew and captain, minus one. Why didn't we just go talk? I feel like we've abandoned the use of-- here's my thing, right? Magic's new to me, this sword is new to me. I didn't have most of this all of my life. All I had was my words to get out of situations, to try and heal conflict, to try and outsmart somebody. Now, all of a sudden, I have this power and I feel like it's a shortcut and that I've been cheating myself. I don't feel like I've put forth the same effort to resolve something because I can just will something into happening. That doesn't seem right to me. How does Caleb feel about all this? Oh, really? I don't know, just doesn't sit right. How's Caduceus? That was actually very profound. I get that. Maybe we try not to do that. I check you, you check me. We check the group. Otherwise, I feel like Caduceus is not going to be the last person that thinks about-- Yeah. We need to decide on a destination, whether we turn around and-- Were we in the Open Quay or were we in the Wayfarer's...? We're in the Wharf. The Restless Wharf. We can turn around and come back to the Open Quay or where the Wharfmaster was and try and get in and out real fast with some crew, or we can head to Port Damali, or we can head out to the open sea, but we do need to pick a destination. Caduceus. Oh, bosun-- We don't have any guns? There's not guns or powder-- Yes. Caduceus, thank you for making all this. We need to decide on a destination. We're going to need more hands that are able to figure out where we are going next. Not those docks. We could go to a separate landing site. Port Damali. We could turn around and try to go to the-- Where was the wharfmaster? The dwarf. Ingus? Ignus. It's a different section of the city. Hiring a crew. Fuck. I don't know. Not a ton. Our quickest bet is just to turn back into-- What area was the wharfmaster Ignus in? It was the Restless Wharf. That's gone real well for us in the past 24 hours, but go ahead. Yeah, could you do this in a night? Sure. Although the more time that passes, the longer word has to spread. We're a little deep for an anchor. Sure. Let's go in circles. 12 miles off coast, we'll just go in circles. In shifts, you can navigate in a pattern, yeah. Yes. I don't know. Either one of those is fine. Yeah. I vote for sailing up outside of the wharfmaster area, taking a little skiff in, just getting some crew and getting the fuck out of here. I'd keep the ship out of there just in case the Zello, the Jello. Zhelezo have come up and said (exaggerated accent) "There was a ship and the Fireball "detonated on the side of it and ours has a bunch of burn damage." I don't-- The splinters are in my forehead. I'll go second. It does not. It's going to be a giant dick and balls if we do. Okay. How you doing? Oh. Yeah, that's a good way to deal. A plan? I have a series of expectations, but I wouldn't call it a plan. I'm in pursuit of something, and I know what maybe the next couple of steps are, but past that-- Heavy? I take it you haven't seen much combat. You ever fought a giant water genie? Me neither. Never even seen one before. Yeah. Well, yeah, my new life, pretty much, yeah. It's open. Yasha. What makes you say that? Yeah. Do you naturally have the ability to feel that out of people? It's very insightful. For your job? When they're grieving? You seem to pick up on the stuff that's not said? Otherwise, I don't really know what I'd be doing. Fair enough. Okay. I'll give you advantage. I think we'll expand our travel pattern to skate out wider. We don't necessarily want to own that here; they are very stern about mistakes. I agree with that. Move on? I think that's wise. We'll make our way up to the docks where the wharfmaster is, which is a separate docks from where-- Remember it took a while to walk from one to the other. And we're only taking the skiff in. And only people that don't look like us can take the skiff in to get the crew that we're going to look for. What, The Mistake? Can I? Okay, let's try to forge a pink slip for the Mistake. I am an actor in real life, you should probably ask Matt. They don't even have to board us, because we're going to stay out in the river. We're just taking the skiff in. How about we get into the docks first so we can get some crew? I should probably stay on the ship. Do you know how to move the ship if you need to all of a sudden? Then I'll stay on the ship. You guys go on, take a big bunch of money, go get the crew. What is the argument to that? You're not. I'll write a list. Listen, last time the only guy who could move the ship was below deck! I'm not leaving my wingman! I'm not making this mistake a second time! No, I'm staying on the ship. Yeah, you'll stay with me, I'll make you the little lackey that moves shit. I'll keep Marius and I'll keep Gallan. I don't know. A quarter mile off the coast? A couple hundred yards? I don't know, how close do you get to the ship if you want to take the skiff in? I know, I wished I'd picked an astronaut. Then I wouldn't be fucked. (laughter) Which I do, because I want to punish them. 150 yards. Based off the last game, right? What if a Zhelezo ship comes around and arrests Yasha? We can at least get-- We drop sail, we take off and I leave you guys in the cove. Yep. 16. This is very complicated. I have not really seen? What would the point be? Because the wharfmaster, that's all he looks at. I'm open to all fucking suggestions. I just wanted to park a boat and go get some crew. The filigree on the borders. There's little nut sack. Let's take it into dock. Against all the advice of zhelezo looking for a burned ship that had a Fireball. Blackened, charred wood on the outside of it in a sphere shape. I like it. Let's go into the dock. I love this plan. Nope, this is an adventuring party. Let's go into the dock. The one that we were not just killing people at. We will tell Marius and Gallan to stay below the entire time. And Yasha. The wharfmaster Ignus. You want me to do it? Sure, I'll go find that guy with five gold. Yes. We're trying to get in and out of port as fast as we can looking to acquire a few crew members. Would you do me a favor though? I'll produce the five gold and say Would you mind telling any inquiring minds that we've been here for awhile and that we're coming from-- The Mistake, that's correct, yes, and we are coming over from-- what was the port in between Port Damali and this one? Yeah, we're out of Port Zoon and we're just trying to get there and back in the same day if we can. 15. Is there a posting for people looking for crew positions? A sign? Okay. I'll tell them the amount of supplies that I think they need to pick up for a month's worth of travel. Seven. No, six. Crew of six. We need a boatswain. Well, we've got the cook. We need a quartermaster, we need a navigator, and a captain. If we don't need a cook or a carpenter-- Sweet. Let's call it a crew of five. Captain, navigator, quartermaster, cook, and another boatswain slash barrel keeper. Me? Ten. Yep. Yep. No, we're at the docks right now. We'll go to the Seafloor Bounty first. We never know, we might kill them, so-- Jason Voorhees Jester. That's all right, go get them. We don't look like ourselves. Me, apparently. We were hoping your services weren't spoken for. Few weeks? At the most, maybe only a couple. A week. 27 gold a week. 19. We can accommodate that. Well then, yeah. Yes. Just keep him around. You're off the boat. Why do they call it the Inky Claw? Because we have this map, and we have a navigator, that doesn't mean that we can go from one destination on a map that we saw to another. We still need to follow the trade routes, right? Yeah, if we stay on the trade route, we have to go here, and then down, and then come across, or we go here. (laughs) Do crows swim? Well, I want to make everyone aware of the dangers, okay. If we take the trade route, it will take three and a half times longer to get there than if we just go from Point A to Point B. But Point A goes across uncharted waters, and on this map there are giant tentacles coming out of the water, probably just for flavor. Could just be artist's interpretation, to try and fill in blank space, doesn't mean anything. Nicodranas, and the Inkclaw is down to your lower right hand corner. They're like little sea cucumbers. We also have this map, which is at the top of the Inkclaw Reef, that will guide us through the reef. Instead of coming this direction and then down and underneath, which is what you would probably be doing. All right. We'll instruct Orly-- Put what in? The map? Is that a goblin thing? We're going to instruct Orly to navigate from north to south to the top of the reef, using this. We are trying to catch up with a captain that we need to make contact with. I think they might, yep. Caduceus, are you excited about these haunted stories? Whereas he still hasn't found what he's looking for. Never has there been a more worthless perception check. To Nugget or your mom? Sure. Ten. Mm-hmm. Yeah, they're beautiful. Last thing you want to is jump in there, though. That is a bad time. Yeah, jellyfish sting and it's quite painful. No. No, I'm more anxious to get there. My curiosity, I suppose, overrides my fear. No, I don't think I had gotten that far. Plus, I have the sphere. Captain Avantika doesn't. I feel like we take care of ourselves pretty well. Thank you. Sad? Yeah. I suppose I get sad. Are you sad, Jester? I'm sometimes sad about the things that I had before, that I won't have anymore. I sometimes wish that things were different. What makes you sad? I am sorry that we left in the way that we did. Would your mom ever think of leaving Nicodranas? Right. What would you want for her? To stay there and grow old or--? That's very noble of you. Yeah. Well, how about on some of these islands I've heard that there is treasure. Hard to find. I'm not making any promises, but if we play our cards right and we take care of each other, we might return a bit wealthier than we left. Or give it to your mom and have her go find The Gentleman, but she's just amazing. Yeah. Don't be sad. Your mom is very proud of you, that much was clear. Don't mention it. They decided not to kill us. Of course he is. Nice. Solid. I saw, right next to the cut your own keys booth next to the dock, there was a rent-a-captain. He would sit there with a corncob pipe and he's like, "Argh, me is a--" My captain name? Captain... Captain Tusktooth. Nope. You never want to see them. Natural 20. Lower the inboard motor! Fire at-- Really, one ounce? One ounce! One inch punch! I'll take the last watch. Is it at night at all? You can talk to them, but they can't talk back. I'll hand off the wheel to someone and I'll go down to the side of the ship and I'll summon the falchion. With not a lot of people on the deck paying attention, hopefully, can I reach over the side and dip the tip of the sword into the ocean? Does the eye do anything? Okay. I'll summon it back. (quietly) From whence it came. Mm-hmm. Ooh, seven. Professor Thaddeus? (whistle) I'll sound a general alarm. There was something that took off from the mast; it had wings. It was pretty large, right? I don't know. I didn't see, it's too dark. Yasha had 16. Have they already slashed the sails? 16. I'll aim two Eldritch Blasts up at one of the two harpies that's flying up above the mast. 19 on the first one. And the second one is, ooh, 25. That is-- oh shit, where is the 1d10? Ten! Nope, no! Sorry, I was calling that out like an idiot. 11 points of damage on the first one, and seven points of damage on the second one. That's it. There's only three left, right? I thought there were only five? Oh, the song broke, it didn't die. Didn't we say we weren't going to try and solve things with fists? (cawing) Yeah! Did you do that on purpose? Shit. "Throw the sword," no. Fuck! Bugging out. Oh, smart. Since when?! Do you have any medicine for him? Well, get at it! Just cup his nose, just (breathes). "Ja, sure." Caleb, always pretending he's hurt. You know how much that hurts? Do you want to lead the prayer? He could be on the edge of life and, maybe the prayer. Was that-- I thought it was Jester's healing. I just watched. How do we prevent further heart episodes from-- More friendship? Beau, go give Caleb a hug. Like a Voldemort hug. How's that sail coming, Jester? Are we putting limits on your cuisine, Taliesin? Start something. Start moving his feet and his eyes stay in the same place. Are you listening underneath the boat? Using your sonar? I don't know why I keep volunteering for fucking perception. 14. 12. Excellent. (laughter) Well, let's prepare to navigate through it! I just picked it as a backstory, I didn't know I'd need to know fucking anything about sailing! Jesus. These are survival checks? 16. Got to use the dodeca. That's a ten. Survival is minus two for me. Not very wise! There's not a hit point counter on the wheel? That's ticky tock? Yeah. One and two. We're on the third. Natural 20. 13. I have no idea. Abandon ship! Sure, I'll drag that out and jump over the side and try and push up against the hole. Yeah. I'm thrilled. We can still go underwater though, right? I throw the mattress in, I jump in after it, and I try and go under-- I press it against the outside of the ship and hope the current (suctioning). 20. I'll take the sword, shove it-- no, I'm just kidding. Yeah. I say from outside the boat Yeah. I'll let it go. I'll tug on the line and get myself pulled back up into that boat. Yeah. We got to get the crow's nest out of the boat. Yes, we've done the final turn, so we could try and push towards the island, but we're going to have to beach it. What's your spell do? We've approached the island. We have another boat. What? But I think it's daytime, right? If we can see them, they can see us. I will try to increase our speed towards the island in the direction away from them and aim to get on the island, if we can. It just depends on where the ship was, if it was directly ahead of us or towards the north or the south, we'd obviously go the opposite way. We're going to the southern tip. We're going to ground this ship. We're going straight into the beach and we're going to run our asses into the fucking jungle. I don't know. We're not there yet. I throw Nott overboard. Full sail! I grab her and bring her back. No, I'm just kidding. Oh yeah! Mm-hmm. Yep. Does it have some trap doors on the side of the--? Yeah, why not. We've got the gray wave one. Uh-huh. I use Mask of Many Faces to make myself look like Captain Jawgrasp. You, lower the flag and-- hmm. Fuck, I don't know. Jesus Christ. Yeah, fuck it, we're going to beach the ship. We're just going to keep driving towards the island. Yep. How far are we? That's another question. Oh no no, nevermind. No. We'll slow down the ship a little. Okay, yeah. We'll lower the flags, slow the ship. Mm-hmm. Cool. Let's lower the rope ladder over the side and welcome them aboard. I can what? Oh, I don't know if he did that, so let's not. Yep!