Dungeons & Dragons! How do you spell that, B-A-K? Like the blue hair. Yeah, we'll all be in one place. Good to know. Are there three regular crownsguard that are going with Molly? Or is the Watchmaster going with them as well? I'll go out the front exit of the tent just to see if the Watchmaster goes with Molly. Bipedal or on all fours? You're good, you're good, you're good. That is a bastard die right there. That's a tease. Time to go to jail. Tried to do the Sherlock Holmes. She sees you having a seizure in the chains. (laughter) That's correct. I can assure you, we're here to cause no trouble. We will be as compliant as we possibly can be. Would you call it infectious? Excuse me-- Oh, I thought you were right behind us. Mollymauk, I don't mean to pry into your business, but has this ever happened to you before? Oh, I don't know about that. Right, the large toad that was with the girl, what's the story there? Unfortunately, no. Well, yeah! Don't. Leave. It was a busy day for us. Unfortunately, we're partially responsible for this one as well. Bad luck. Fair enough. To the side I say to Jester, I say This does not really fall in with keeping a low profile. We talked about this. Yeah, it is. Are they not going to take her to see the Lawmaker? Actually, we were just upstairs and it would really help us if we could, perhaps, expedite the process. Perhaps there's an arrangement we could come to if she could see the Lawmaster now. An audience is all we're asking for. No favors. God bless. 16. I understand. Thank you for your understanding. Beau, remember your little sister. I do hate to trouble you again, twice in the same evening. It's incredibly inconvenient. If we may, this sweet girl here was also part of our party and she is quite the protective one. I'm afraid that she was also providing aid to our fellows in that tent. I'm afraid her younger sister was attacked in a similar way. I feel it's only prudent to acknowledge that she was trying to protect this young dwarven girl that performed in the circus. She means no harm. Oh, yeah baby. 24. Natural 18. I'm new at this stat! Don't fuck it up! Indeed. And we can be found at any hour. The Nestled Nook Inn is where we are. A great idea indeed. And thankfully there was no flesh-to-flesh contact. Indeed. It would give us no greater pleasure than to get out of your hair. Understood. Indeed we would. This is most gracious of you, Lawmaster Norda. What? No, I was trying to say she had a little sister that had a similar incident and that made you try to protect Toya. I was trying to throw you a bone. We're under watch. Yeah. You did all right. Did you see anything? We don't know that. Have you been to this town before? And you've never seen conditions like this affect any other carnival goer before? Where are the other two? The stinky one and the little one. Yeah. Can we look around and see if we spot Caleb and-- I wonder if they came back. They are? Good. What did you come to Trostenwald for? Sure, I'm not trying to pry. I was just curious where you were going. I like funny stories. You did some crazy shit with that sword of yours. You polish off that one already? Can we get another round? For the-- Wise words. Only because we seem to find ourselves in quite the predicament. No, I'd love to. It's a moving story. Would it be fair to say that the more someone desires something, the more you're interest increases? Are you good at it? Do you get caught very often? Now, Jester, if I may, we are already in a little bit of a pickle. I take one step back. on the sacred money pot of school. If you place a copper piece into this pot and say the magic words-- what's the magic word again? By the end of the week you made your money back. Some people more than others. Well I mean I was really impressed with the little trick, I sure would like to see a big trick. Jester, I meant a trick from Caleb. I would love one. How did you learn to do that? That's impressive. Is it something that can be taught to others? Well, I'm just a little curious about how people use their magic. No, it's relatively new for me though, so I'm just trying to learn. No, I wonder if maybe I should be? No. Again, fairly recently. Yeah. Yeah, we're not super deep. Well I came up from the town of Port Damali. Yeah, I met Jester a while back and after I Ieft town, coming up to the northeast, I ran across her. I'd seen her do some of her magic before. That's what I'm trying to learn about. That's true. Molly, if you would like to share my room, you can. D&D Beyond's watching going, "Fuck you, Nott!" Molly, that's your tab, right? Yeah, except for that one. That's true. Are you praying over your swords? Is that part of your thing? I try to be. That's quite the story. Can I insight check him? 15. Well thank you for sharing that honest story with me. It means a lot. Ey oh ey yourself. (laughter) Yeah, we said we were going to do that, didn't we? What did you have in mind? That's a detailed plan. I like it. Are we taking anybody with us? Fair enough. Do you want to ask any of them? Yeah that's not going to cut it, not quite like what we had in mind. She's right here. Let's see if Caleb and his little friend are downstairs first. He has tricks after all. Y'all are downstairs? It's like a little dog. The little back foot creeps up. (growls) If we could we're-- did you just fucking? Shit. We were thinking of maybe finding our way outside of the inn for a bit. I don't want to presume anything, but do you have the ability to change the way you look? Yeah. You know Yeah, assume a different form. Right. Molly, what about you? Fair enough. Beau, I don't want to leave you behind, but I-- He makes a point. I think that the sooner we find the cause of this, the sooner we can get out of here. Let's get out of here. Can I walk back into a privy, washroom area? Can I use my Mask of Many Faces to cast Disguise Self on myself? Older, white-haired, with a beard. Just very simple peasant's clothes. Maybe a bit of a farmer or a land worker. Smudges, dirt on the fingernails. In twos, or singles. Level two, trying to get out of a fucking inn. (high-pitched) New York is where I'd rather stay! (laughter) Should I go first? Not command ops in the tavern hall. You want to come with? Don't do anything stupid. Mouth shut, eyes forward. Show me how you walk. Maybe a little less. That's nice. I also assume a little limp, slight. 20. Just keep moving to the other side of the street. What color is that die? Let's just keep walking for now. That's a good point. Maybe there is a morgue, maybe they recognized him. Was he in good health? I should point out this is the second connection to the Ustaloch. Well, before we met up with you two, we fought off a wicked, sick water snake. (shushes) Did he work for any of the particular breweries around? If we were to go down to the docks and ask after a few people he worked with, is there anyone you know that we should speak to, familiar of his? I understand that. Thank you for the drink, Vosna. I'll be taking my leave now. We got to get Molly. We head outside. Well, that was revealing. You're worried about them having a heart attack or something? She makes a valid point, actually. LAURA. Oh. If people are scared of carnivals, they won't want them in the future. That might be harder to do. Maybe we go down to the Lochward. How far is it from where we are to the Lochward? Let's head down to the docks. Keeping an eye out for crownsguard. Do we see any King's Guard? Crownsguard? 11, same. No. Flattery got you nowhere. Damn it. Fuck it, I drop Disguise Self. I'm sorry to deceive you. Rinaldo, this snake that was in your house is not the only strange occurrence that's been happening. We're trying to find out the cause of it. Have you seen anything else like this in the time that's passed? We're asking after a man that helped down at the docks, named Enon. Have you heard of him? Enon. We were trying to see if he might have worked with people that might have known what he was doing that day, earlier. I see you're skinning the beast. Can I ask why? If we went down to the docks where he worked, is there anyone that we should ask for, to speak to, who might have known him better? I do. If you think of anything, or if you hear anyone speak about him, you can find us at the Nestled Nook Inn. We'd appreciate anything, if it happens to reach your ears. Much obliged. Shall we? We should probably wrap up whatever we're doing. I imagine they're going to come by the inn soon and try and speak with us. Not you two. Nope. No stuffed beds, no recordings on the old VHS. I'm a little concerned that we've been gone for a while. Maybe let these two, that aren't under house arrest-- No, continue. I mean, if you're up for it. Tavern-keeper doesn't know anything about this. We'll see you back at the inn. I can keep them busy at the front door. Childhood cat, destroyed! Faced with our own mortality. Must be plugged in and connected to Wifi. Indiana Jones style. Yes! Jury summon. I open it. I shut the door. Go take that game in the other room, why don't you? Thank you. Sure. You found nothing at the docks, zip, zero? How late? I can be down for that. Where were you when you saw these cloaked figures? At 200AM? We could. Should someone stay up? Well, I was thinking someone should keep a lookout on the roof of the inn in case someone comes for us while everyone else is out. I don't know. Can you conjure those golden orbs up into the air as like a signal? Maybe we just risk it. It's 200AM, I'm sure everybody will be asleep. Let's risk it. Didn't really look like much. Yeah. I ought to be leading the way, I reckon. 15. Good idea. Nine. Look up. Yeah. Let me get it-- We have a few more hours and the cover of darkness. Who's real stealthy? Maybe we don't all need to go. Maybe just a few, and the others will hang back. An hour and a half. Is it like a mound of poop or like a single--? Is it a worm? It's a snake. Yeah, I thought it was like chocolate frozen yogurt. Stealthily to the circus. Yeah, going in danger close. Nine. I cast Disguise Self, and I turn myself into a crownsguard. (Regal voice) Indeed, stay our blade, please, obviously he can handle this. Right in your face! Haha, incredible. Is that a natural thing for you guys to just attack each other in moments of stress? Oh, I can't tell if that got worse or better. If you want to make your ways around, I could distract them for a moment, have a conversation with them. For an hour. Sure I got it, yeah. Caleb and me-- I walk up to the guard. (regal voice) It's a late night, not much action this evening. See anything unusual? Yeah, have you heard heard? How long are they supposed to be here? At least you're by the tent, they've had us walking the perimeter of the lake the entire time. Did they find anything inside, today? Tell me, something interesting, please. Would you mind if we popped in? Where is it? Jesus. Oh! 13. We'll be quick, super fast. Let's go. (as Grog) That worked way better than I thought. Like we should-- I mean-- (as Fjord) should we look around for stuff or what? (laughter) Well you know, I do a little mimicry here and there. We should look, come on. Check the grounds. Maybe we can find where the bodies are laying. Well let's search the grounds. Have they moved the bodies or are the bodies still there? Can we check the bodies for anything? That's better. 16. Okay. Roll high. I did not. Ten. We can't spend that long in here. Maybe we just take a bit of it with us. Do you have a pocket? Like a jar? I-I got no pockets! There's no pockets! All right, but I'll check. Agreed. You ever cast this before? Reversal! Little feet. Eats and shoots the same way. (snarls) It opens, it closes, you can see your spells when you need to see them without flipping. Why are you going all catatonic on me? Can you talk to me when you're looking through the cat? But we're not supposed to be there! We're gonna get framed for it! That is true! When that demon frog leapt, how high and how far, approximately, did it look like it went? Sure we can. Oh god. Oh man, this is good, dude! It's also done without any contact. It's done without any contact. He never touches him. Good shit. Little damaged voice, fuck yeah.