Oh yeah. Mainline that shit. Amazing. Yes. Yes. I mean, yeah. Yeah. Parlay? Yeah. I think it will be a parlay, unfortunately. Well, I don't know who these people are, what kind of ship they've come in on. I mean, this can go one of two ways, either very amicably or we all die. Oh, I don't know. Do we have a spyglass onboard this ship? Lead, anything? I said a spyglass and you pulled out a bird. Oh, they're that close? Yeah, so I'm going to look like the half-orc captain. Was I close enough to hear him talk when he was on the dock? Shit, fuck, balls, ass! Okay, so I'm going to make myself look like him. Yeah, I know, we don't have to relive it. Can I reply to that message? We're about to be boarded by fucking pirates. [laughter] [applause and cheering] Can I make myself look like the Captain Jawgrasp, but can I put like, a bloody bandage around my throat, as if I suffered a wound, and I'll talk like this. Okay. Well, I mean, not that you're already really super dangerous-looking, but maybe you could like, menace it up a little bit? I'm going to roll a perception check. Yeah, no, hold on, I know the name. [cheering] The windlass! Yeah, and we'll make sure that flag is nice and high that had the gray-- (pigeon cooing) (rasping) Actually, funny you mention sinking our boat. Sustained some damage, so if I could request of the captain, perhaps some grace while we go into shore. I'm afraid if we try to make it to her ship, we might be on the bottom of the ocean. Yes, my throat, it's all fucked up. Okay. 17! Yeah, heavy casualties. Yeah. The butcher's bill was very steep, yep. It would seem that way. [laughter] Jesus. Do you think you can accommodate seven of us on your two craft? Do we? We have a rowboat. [laughter] I'll turn to the rest of the crew and be like, just do whatever, she-- he?-- she says. Nott, make sure that Caleb comes with us. He's awful grumpy below decks. He needs to be on the part of the boat with us. Yeah, go get fucking Caleb! He's a terrifying fighter. Just make sure he's on the boats! No good at these. That poor bastard. Coming out of the gun port? [cheering] I'll go first. No, that's not right at all. Sure. Yep, I mean, yes. Oui. [laughter, cheering] Oh, yes, we actually came under such heavy heat we had to rebrand the ship as The Mistake. Yeah. Yep. We came across some new crew. May I introduce-- Tracy Bowman. Next to Tracy you will see... Phillip is a talented bosun. May I also introduce the tall and powerful-- He's a talented cook, that one. What was your name again? Corneli-- yeah, the food just blows your mind. Well you see, we now know the location of the artifact you seek. It's as good as ours. Oh god. It's real sore. All part of the plan. Well, I must commend you on your perceptiveness. My balls are quite large. [cheering] That is a wonderful story. One that I would love to share. You have the honor of being in the company of The Mighty Nein. [cheering] It's a long story, but I'm afraid we won't be able to tell it or further converse unless we have an atmosphere of equal exchange here, and this hostile act is not a step in the right direction, Captain. Yes. (laughs) Gilli-gone? Hon hon. Indeed. Oh, yeah! [laughter] It's also got a giant fucking ogre on it now. Get your hat out of the way. Well I imagine there must be a hefty reward for the item that you seek. We went through great troubles just to acquire it. Perhaps. Yep. [laughter] Fjord. It's actually Captain Tusktooth, but-- (clears throat) Cornelius, what say you in this highly delicate matter? That is not necessary. We would absolutely love to prove our loyalty in your service. It's a resounding yes, of course. By all means. Vera? (mic thuds) Yeah yeah. I'll make my way over to Janet-- Yasha and take her by the arm and say, you okay with this? If I ask her about it. Let her know that I don't know anything. Oh, you don't think she'd believe me? That's a fine idea. Yeah, like I hoard the information? Very small ship. Yeah. Work your magic. Not making any movements to move the ship, it's just staying? Yeah, I third that question. So what I have worked out is that we have what she needs, we got to try and find out as much as we can about why she wants it and what it does, where does she want it for herself or is she taking it somewhere. That's about all I got. Yeah. Oh shit, is Marius LePual back on the other ship? That poor bastard. Oh shit, our fucking tortle! They better not sink! I like Orly. Yeah, okay. Fair enough. I feel like we can make some ground without fighting if we have to, I feel like we can find out what we need and maybe slip away, I think that's a great idea. No, I kind of fucking like it, actually. How about, in the meantime, keep an eye on the people around right? Watch what they're doing. The things they're doing on the mast. Rigging, right? Try and familiarize yourself with working a boat. If you can. Sure, yeah, our partners. Yes, Sapphire? More of the what? This is mine. I earned this. And it's not actually in the game! It'll be our pleasure. Yeah, mind if we partake of your beautiful spread here? Is there food in this bitch? 14. That's a candle, that's a candle! Stop eating the candle. [laughter] No, put it back. [laughter] Outside the door? Is it essentially us and the captain? If you don't mind my asking-- Tusktooth. Yes. I know. If I could, you seem so anxious. When was the last time the item was in your possession? I'm so excited to reunite you with it. I feel like if you tell us your story, we'll share in that sense of triumph. You're correct. I have it on very good authority that an island that is surrounded by the Deeprow Reef is housing the item you seek. 20. [cheering] I do. I do. Fuck, I picked the one reef that doesn't have any goddamn islands. She doesn't know that, and I'm not saying this out loud. Yeah, yeah. Oh, uncharted islands! Let's not do that. [laughter] Well, you see, Marquis LePual let us know that you were in dire need of it, and that there was heavy coin and glory in its delivery. Now, as you can see, I lost my original crew and found these bunch of fuckwits. You see, I do owe them a little bit of coin for their trouble, and I sure would hate to leave them empty-handed. Plus I want to see what happens when you're reunited with your treasure. Perhaps. [laughter] Captain, I hope you understand that this is not my first rodeo. If I were to tell you everything that I know right now, why would you need me alive? That's what I heard. Great pizza place. No, no, no, take it easy! It sure as fuck doesn't. Could you say that again slower? Stay away from the captain's cheese! Do you know what that means? I don't know what the fuck that means! No, she is the chosen of-- (high-pitched) Serpent? So say we all. Yeah. Just a moment. No! Nott, I'm pretty sure you're not playing this out all the way. That shit's in my body, okay? Bless you. SAM and Did you all do that together? The dreams? I have dreams. She's not looking at me, right? I'm a (vocalizing). You have dreams? I've had dreams of being deep underwater. There's a giant eye that sees me. I hear a voice speaking to me, but I can't reply. Does that ring any bells? Perhaps not. Perhaps this is destiny. I must tell you, I am very eager to see what this leads to. I haven't been entirely honest. [laughter] The item you seek does not lie on Vial Coa-- what the fuck was it called? Vide Cay. It does not reside there. I have it protected in an alternate dimension. I'll use Minor Image to show the sphere, and make it disappear. If we can work together, I would like to accompany you to this temple you speak of. I would like to see it find its resting place. If who's plotted out the course to the temple, who? Cosko. Oh no, no, no! As we turn to leave the cabin, the captain's quarters, a quick look of anything that looks like info about where this temple is, in case she decides to fucking slit our throats in the middle of the night. Ugh, a ten. Awesome! Everybody drink, yeah Laura! As we're moving through, can we clock sort of what's being kept on the ship? Are there cells, are there barrels, are there packages of things? Did we previously see what the flag they were flying was and what it looked like? I can't remember. Can we do that now? That fucking eye. Yes? It does. But I don't want her to know that. I can't know that for sure, but I know that as soon as she has it, there's very little reason to keep us around. Caduceus? Would you mind telling me, did you feel anything coming from the captain? Well, I don't know. You seem to make these strange comments about how people feel and stuff. I'd have thought maybe you were like a mind-reader. Let's pay attention next time, shall we? Cool. Oh, good call. I mean-- Well, if-- No shame. I'll tell you what I know, and that's that I see visions, sometimes, it's been a long time since. There's a giant eye, and I hear a voice speaking to me. I don't know where it comes from, and I don't know where I am, if it's the past or my future. But I feel like it happened that night when the ship exploded, and before I found myself on the shore with the sword. I feel like those things are all connected. When I saw the sphere, it reminded me of that eye. I am, too. I wouldn't say ongoing. It's happened like three or four times. Sure, three or four times. Three. Yeah. Right. Or I can summon the dragon. [cheering] I have been having them, but I wouldn't think to comment on them because they're just fucking dreams. No. Not to my knowledge. Did I? No, you're right, I have under-shared, and I'm sorry. I just didn't think it was relevant. Well yeah, fucking now. Yeah, Yasha, I mean, do you vomit after you talk to the thunder? Me, neither, it happened one time, so. Just the once. Look, I feel like if we can get on land, at least, and some sort of landing party, we'll have a better shot. Nott, you're terrified of the water. I mean, we're on unfriendly ground. I don't mind trying to slip away or forcing our way out of this situation, but I sure would like a resolution and at least a better place to stage some sort of action than on an enemy boat. Ship. Ship, it's a ship. Mizzenmast, mainmast, foremast, I got it, ha ha ha! [cheering] No, I just want to know where the temple is. I don't care if these people die. No, yeah, no that's what I meant. I know you want to leave, I do as well, but we need to play this game a little longer, yeah? That's back up. Where'd the squid come from? I heard serpent and leviathan. Is leviathan a giant squid? I don't know if you can feel-- Yeah, I'm not comfortable doing that. If you could be succinct, I'm a little fucking ticklish, okay? (singing) Are we okay to play this out, see how it goes, at least get on land and see if we can find this temple this crazy bitch talks about? Of her? Yeah, I think that's-- Vanity, you say? We're trying to do less of that. Oh. Do it. Amazing. Uh-huh. Oh my god. We all go down in a blaze of glory. You fucking fuck. But of course. I do. Oh, motherfucker! [cheering] Oh my god. Yep. Captain, I admit, I too am very encouraged to find someone that seems to have gone through the same sort of visions and trials that I have. You said it's been a long time since you've met another chosen. Are you saying you've met previous? I found myself feeling I was the only one that was experiencing this vision. The blessing, you say? I haven't heard speak blessing. I've heard words of encouragement. And your crew believes as you do? I look forward to this very, very much. I noticed, as we were leaving your quarters, that beautiful iron piece above your doorway. A snake circling back upon itself, the eye in the middle, but it seemed there were small eyes all around the body of the snake. That sounds-- Exactly the word I was searching for. Speaking of beautiful. I was so taken by that marking, that tattoo you had, I was wondering if you might show it to me again? I'm uncomfortable with what's happening. Natural 20. [cheering] Like, a fucking eye or a tattoo of an eye? 16. Oh god. Fuck, that's getting weird. [cheering] Fuck it, I feel now you and I are more connected than I could've ever imagined. I'll summon the sword. [cheering] Perhaps it was. Do you know what will happen, if we--? Do you know what will happen, if we take this sphere to the place of its choosing? Have you seen what's unleashed or have you only heard? I admit, I find myself very curious. Three temples? All of the same construct, all looking for the same, what do you call it? Same. My god, the sea. [laughter] To consume? I confess, having spent so much time on the water, the command over it seems like too great a gift to receive, but I crave it. [cheering] Oh, fuck. [cheering] Indeed. We will all. [laughter] It's like an onion, you got to peel it, you know. I turn and I head towards the door and as I get there, I look back. [applause] No, thank you. Where did that even come from? That's okay. Not much actually. She is far more under the influence of whatever this is than I initially thought. She took off her glove and there was an eye in the palm of her hand. And not another tattoo, I think it was like a fucking eye. Ah! Yeah, I know. So she showed me hers and I showed her mine. Eyes! Our eyes! On the sword. I did not. Fuck. I didn't even think of that. Yep. What the fuck do you mean "still"? [cheering] Oh, shit. Yeah, but you know. Yep. Yeah, no, you're right. She actually said there was one before, that was also chosen. Where was that fucking pigeon? We didn't get to that part, but I feel like, because I saw my former captain Vandren with the same sphere, that he might be the one that she was talking about. There's a chance. She said that this temple that we're about to visit was one of three. Jester, I don't think she killed Vandren. He was on the ship when it exploded. I don't even-- No, I understand. Sabian, my crewmate, he went down and sabotaged the ship. He set off an explosion. That has to be what happened. Well, I think we were being pretty respectful. I do not. Altar, the little iron piece above her doorway? I saw that on the way out. I don't do anything like that. I don't know what that would-- She did; she said there was one other chosen besides herself and now me. I did, the tattoo. Have I seen that anywhere else? Didn't Molly have--? [cheering] What? [laughter] Sure. Could be nothing. Yeah. Right. Yeah, I know. She said we should all get some rest. I feel like we've earned some trust. I feel like we'll be in good hands. I don't know if I entirely trust her, but I do feel like she is motivated to see where this leads. LIAM That's one way of putting it, ja. Or other follow-- But doesn't that sound like too much? We will and in the meantime, I would suggest that we acted like we are as interested and motivated to see this through as her followers. Otherwise, I think we'll stick out. No. She does. Unleashing things that are too terrible to talk about, but you can use your imagination. Nope. You're not drawing like this, you're drawing like this? It's the first time I've heard of it. I mean, it sounds incredible, but I can't even begin to fathom what that would be like. That responsibility, I don't know who I would be if I could wield something like that. Understand it would be a start. What urges? Well, I've asked Beau to check me and I'll check her on areas of aggression. If I start controlling the oceans and shit, maybe we'll talk about it. Until then, I can only tell you I only want to know more about this and find out about what happened to my friend. That's as far as I'm thinking. Try to sleep. Share with Tal. No, goddamn it! No! I climb those motherfucking stairs. I'll fire two blasts of Eldritch Blast at it. Witch Bolt, right to its chest. The stairs, are they staying the same, is there anything at the foot of the statue after they break apart? I'll move forward. I'll summon the sword and hold the eye facing the circle. Void that eats the light. Can I walk into the center of the circle? Well, I definitely do now. Yeah. Is there a ceiling, are there walls, are there statues in this space? Watching. Can I look into the eye of the sword, do I see anything? What the fuck? Can I try and take the edge of the blade and press it into the floor? Jesus. (English accent) I don't know what you want from me! I've stared at the eye. Fuck. I have no idea. Ooh, 19. I'll let it go where it's leading and point it towards the floor. Okay. Sure. Can I put my face in the water? [cheering] Can I look behind myself real fast? A shit load of ships coming towards me. Cool. Are there any pigeons in this dream? (laughter) 16! Can I reach my hand out and try and control the ships? Yeah, we're going to go ahead and grab whatever the fuck that is and pull it up. Can I take both hands and do a coup de grace, two big (crashing) over the top? Don't wake up, don't wake up. (laughing) Yes! (English accent) What? (regular voice) No, no, I didn't. Yeah. Yeah, no, we were fighting crazy beasts and monsters and all this talk of serpents, I feel-- 16. I don't know. I'm so used to copying people, I get all sorts of stuff mixed up in my head. Talk about the dream? I mean, it's just a dream. What's there to talk about? First thing in the morning, you're like, (sarcasm) "Oh, I know, it was amazing. Tell me more. " I mean, wait, you guys didn't have any dreams of a similar nature, did you? That is correct. It is a pleasure to meet you as well. I would agree. I think they're quite territorial. We would do best to remain unseen. No, I haven't, I'm-- No, what was your comment? They were like fish people, not like snake people. I see where you're going. Me? It is a sigil of our group that is sometimes viewed just to focus one's energy. But I don't think I need it. I'm very focused on the fucking job at hand and perhaps someone needs help with like stealth, you know? Oh, plus zero. All right, I'll look at it. [applause] Indeed. Should be. Take a bow?