Yep, I'll never forget that. Raise your hand, you travelling dicks. That's off the mainland. He's also getting some good pec quiver. Not in groups, but we're aiming to get them out much more efficiently. No, Liam and Sam are tomorrow. I shit the bed. Not great. I got three single digit categories again. Quit sticking your dick in the mashed potatoes man, god, fuck. Tater fucker. (laughter) What was one of the most memorable moments? I mean I loved giving three vials of blood to the Vasselheim trader instead of the two that he was asking for. That was one of the first moments where I was like, "Oh wait, there's so much I can do being this stupid." It's so fun and that was the first time where I think Laura also was like, "I'm going to fucking kill you." Did you make him in the forges of Nithfluflop? And then the Stinking Cloud and then the goliath came out. "I'm going to kill everyone on this motherfucking house!" Throw it into the fire. Pay those parking tickets. Yeah, put it up! Show me those legs! (cheering and laughter) The weirdest porn! A physical corruption on your taint? Listen! Bring it back, man, we can handle it, that sounds awesome! We’ll totally be grownups about it! All your hard work is extremely valued. (laughter) Go back to two episodes before the end, and how did you feel? Good call, man. This has been its infancy. It’s a dwarf star, it’s about to-- A supernova’s coming. Seppuku. That was a one-way street. Did you know that-- and oh my god. Have you heard? I feel like you really understand me. Sweet tree loving? What was the--? Oh, yeah. I think he just-- what was the name of the big alpha lycan? Ukurat? Yeah, I can't. He was really in the face of Scanlan right when he got there and Grog took issue with that, and so I wanted to pick a fight, but I was trying not to blow up too fast and get us all into trouble, and then I got petrified by a bunch of faeries. So that didn't go well. But after that, I think Grog just realized that there was maybe more to tap into, plus Travis loves werewolves. Oh, it was 99% Travis wanting to get werewolf art of Grog. Yeah. I saw it. I saw some stuff. I even got some minis while we were in-- I got three werewolf minis in Australia. Okay, bye! I had to be all curious and see what was in there. I was like, "Ooh, allies! (clang) (groan) Help!" Then I got stuck there forever. We were really good at strategy at that point. We were the Avengers on point. We got fucking lucky. Gif that. Mary gave me a Moon Hammer. No. Well, it had to be used under the moon, apparently, but we rarely fought under moonlight. But I don't know what it did. It didn't turn me into a werewolf? I would have ripped my clothes off and run out of this studio right now. I would have beat myself to death during the rest of the stream if that was true. Improved Invisibility is not bad. I never went invisible. Grog would have forgotten he was invisible. It's okay. (yells) Aww. The dying part? Was Grog the only one to take Craven Edge to the limit? To its max anime status? Did he take him to the ten? Give it to him? Fair enough. Recent centuries is pretty good. Did you kiss him? Or did he kiss you? Did you kiss him back? Are you saying that I shouldn't have eaten all those beans? Cheddar de Rolo. Isn't that a great ability, babe? (laughter) Peace out, see you guys next week! Just seeing what the fuck everybody's doing. We haven't seen anything yet. Plus it was great releasing that silhouette art that had nothing to do with the campaign at all, everybody's like, "Oh, those are the new characters!" Now, that's out of 80,000 guesses, but yeah. Superfecta, long island iced tea? No?