Can anyone cast Hold Person or Friends? I shouldn't have said anything. Were-creature? Can you change, or are you locked into one? Like a big ass rat or you're like little bitty? Princess Bride. Hold on. He was holding back during that whole thing? Cool. Awesome. Put my belly button with my spine. That's holding back? Snarf gets an upgrade. The quivering snarf. This cookie's good. Laura says the same thing and I think it was Kit Buss' art of those novels that we saw first and we're like, oh, she's an amazing artist! Those go on your nails? No, they don't! (chainsaw sounds) It's gender neutral. Is it really for dudes? Come on. Are you serious? That thing moves like The Matrix screen. MATT and Oh, there's an emoji thing! Can we just talk about how that's the best name I've heard all day? That's amazing! Well, Bonertown's a classic. Well, there's many hours of meditation and reflection that goes into what Professor Grog is going to do next. Or you can tattoo "impulse" on my forehead; that would probably be it. You're very organized. It's kind of great because we have this endless resource of people who are going to let you know when you miss or forget something. So it's like, what's the point of prepping because an hour after the show I have 500 people going, "You might have forgotten about that!" Yep, never even thought about it. To be clear, I like that it is there, so please keep it coming otherwise I might not remember any of that stuff. How many do you get? 17 spells?! You also don't hear them. Yeah. Yeah. Did we? I think those were some pretty marathon six-hour sessions. We would break off for whispers. We were pretty slap-dickish when we were playing, and I think we've carried that through pretty nicely. That's true. It's weird, because Sam's such a great improv person, Liam's got crazy theater experience, so everybody knows to honor moments, when to be quiet, when not to. The timing is such a great thing among the cast. We're all friends, so there's no trying to figure each other out. That was like that D & Diesel thing, because he had played years ago, but Chobot and Dan were new to it, and when you sit down and you're happy-go-lucky about it, and you drop into your dungeon master thing, people are like, "Oh shit, this is real." (laughter) Tiny arms. (laughter) Those criticals didn't hurt, either. Thank you, RNG Jesus. Yes! First five or ten minutes, I was like, "this is going to be a great movie." (laughter) Shit, no. Laura is already rolling her eyes enough at Grog that if I tried to be that stupid at home, she'd be like, "Fucking stop." She wouldn't let that fly. We talk to each other in weird voices, almost never our own, but if I tried to talk as Grog, I would get dragon eyes of death. I'd get smarter real fast. Lob it. Softball that bad boy. It's really such a weird thing to be positive all the way across, and if you're not, we mute you. It's so great. No, sorry. I had an art question. If you come up with a sketch, do you ever stop and start and stop and start, or is it what hits the page is eventually what comes up? We see so much art, and rarely do we ever go, "No, that's "not how I saw it." We're like, "Yes. Also yes!" It's so cool. It's like a crystal ball. Yeah. There's a guy we know that plays at Emerald Knights, and I forget what night they have D&D nights-- Wednesday nights. He showed up a couple of times to play with one group, and then he hopped in some rando group and was totally nervous about it, but he was like, "It was the best game I've "ever played," because nobody knew him or what he was going to do, so he was free to make these wild choices and be totally nuts. He was like, "It was exhilarating!" I'm like, "D&D night was "exhilarating?" He was like, "Yeah, man! It was great!" We're coming. (laughter) d20 Turds. Everybody gets a pop and do the glasses. Pre-stream? MATT and I have one. So one of the first pranks that Vax pulled on Grog was we were sleeping around a campfire, and in the middle of the night, Vax went over and wrote "dork" on Grog's forehead with a piece of charcoal from the campfire, and when I woke up-- we might've been drinking while we were playing. When we woke up, I look in my goblet in-game, and I see the reflection, and I said, "Who wrote Kord on my face? ...Krod?" (laughter) It was one of the first ones, and off went the prank war. We were going to use him as a sacrifice. It's like in Hermione's handbag. Dork was toast. We pull him out. This giant carcass fell out. I was like, "Oh shit!" And we butchered him, and we put him back in little pieces, but then we also learned that the bag of holding is not refrigerated, so three months later, I pull it out, and this gelatinous ooze comes sliding out. We're like, "Has it coated everything else in "there?" "Let's say no." We were not expecting that. Yeah, Ashley literally pulled her shirt up to her eyes, and Laura sat under the table They were both crying, and the rest of us were in shock. What? We do what? What happened? (Grog voice) They're like your children. You can't really pick one. (laughter) I think the one where he bit the tongue out of the mouth and then tore it out. That was pretty good. The gorier the better. I do. I get so happy when it's a blood shower. That was the charity game, right? What did you write next to Victor? Crazy? I was like, Spanish? Very first game, right? Which is great, because when he was playing that dragonborn wizard, sorcerer? Paladin. He knew everything. He saved us from dying in that first hour and a half. We were fumbling around like a bunch of blind morons, and you could see him biding his time. I wish we had video of it so I could go back and see if you gave him a nod, like "go ahead and save these "jackasses." He was like, "I would like to freeze this gear and move this and shift that," and everything stopped, and we're like, "We're alive!" Just because of Taliesin. Yeah, totally. It's all therapeutic. It's like the ultimate character customization screen at the beginning of a video game. It's unlimited. Your own death. We do need to have one guest that's got the silver spoon and has never suffered tragedy in his life. We need a super optimistic person. Everyone's dead! What's in the box? We were in the other room. We were outside in the studio. You did it on purpose. I'd like to roll insight. It's all good. We flew over the Underdark. We flew over the whole encampment and stuff. Now we're going to die quicker. Clarota was a bitch! I said it, but half the party was all about it. I wrote it four times. I thought the Briarwoods were both vampires and somebody was going to turn vampiric. I'm not going to say it was an easy fight, but I thought somebody was going to be on death's door legit, not just because of the ziggurat's anti-magic zone. That was after-- was that because of the fight, or was it because of the ziggurat? Going down to one? That was down in the ziggurat. What's wrong with that? Give me that thing. Laura texted me and said my pulled-up pants look weird like that. MARY and It's hot in here! I was pulling the pants up. You don't know what it's like living with a dragon. Advantage? Two! I loved it in the pre-stream games, you'd show up with these two bags and five or six maps, and I remember there was one night, a six- or seven-hour game, where no maps were put upon the table. You were rolling them back up, and I was like, "Were those for tonight?" You were like, "They were going to be." And we didn't go any of those places. Off the cuff. Strategize? I really wanted to look to see what their traits are and stuff, but I can't. I wanted to cheat. I'm saying I wanted to cheat. Me, research? He ain't going to read. But if it has pictures. I don't even think Grog thinks the sword's trying to corrupt him. He's just a chatty sword that for some reason talks to him. That's it. He got the battle-sound lightsaber at Target, and it talks. I think he thinks it's just loud enough for him to hear, so he's always like-- I have no idea how that sound actually works. You didn't think we'd keep it? Fuck that noise. I'd throw Percy in if he tried to do that. I wasn't equipped for that shit in the monk pit. That was unexpected. I had trouble putting baby down. You get three per round or something? That doesn't happen at your house? When I almost smacked Trinket and he ran through the minefield? Generally, everybody laughs, and when you clean it up, you're like, "Man, that was fun." She's like, "You never do that again." "Oh shit, it's just a game." She was like-- and went upstairs. "Babe, I love you!" Imaginary bear. "What?" Nothing! (bear-like) Grog is okay. When you were monologuing, I actually leaned over to Laura or to you and was like, "He "hasn't looked down yet," because you were explaining the history of the world, and we're always looking for a little bit of-- and come back up, and you were up here the whole time. I'm like, "He's a god." It was insane! It was six minutes! We do go back and watch those things, though, because there's no way some of us catch that the first time around. You're a good note-taker, but I'm like-- The vegetables of the portents. He was our manager, right? He took us through that tournament, right? I didn't just cut its head off. I smeared its gore all over us and we started screaming like crazy people. MATT and You know you've done well when Mercer's eyebrows go up, especially like-- oh. What did you say? Kord. I mean, krod. (moans) I get bags and bags of Reese's Pieces, and I like them. I don't drink them. We've got to fly with them. They take you into the mirrored room, and it's like-- (laughter) I saw there was a person that was asking about, do we have too many magical items? I think it's important to say that you told us that we can only have three. Attuned to us, yeah, so we don't walk around and be like, "Oh, I'm going to use this." Oh, I found out where it was, because Vex is a sneaky bastard. She didn't hide it. I rewatched the episode. (laughter) What? Cuddle puddle. How often do you rewatch episodes? Only if I feel like I missed something important. But normally, that's a character choice, too. But I don't catch shit. I wouldn't ever do that. How smart is Trinket? That's so low-hanging, and you-- It's running down the jowls. I remember when we were rolling the character and I rolled it, and it was some awful roll, and you're like, "Your intelligence is six." I was like, "Yay! What's that mean?" Yes! Awesome. Yeah, you two are total trainwrecks. How's your family? They're doing well. The boy's in soccer. She doesn't? What happens to Vox Machina when everyone reaches level 20, or something like that? Have you ever made a character that went to level 20, anybody that's played before? What do you mean "not quite?" Meaning you stopped playing? Deities? God hunting? Did you see the size of that dragon back there? We're fucked next to that thing. You say yes! Isn't it? If you want to talk about genius, we've got genius doing storytelling. I've asked him. I'm like, "Do you come to the show with two or three songs in your pocket ready to go?" And he says no, because he's a cappella-- Mensa level, from college, right? Let's wave a flag over some furniture. The doctor's like, "You were on the barricade?" I don't know. Somebody asked if I could re-pick the people that went into the Earthbreaker Groon pit, would I do it? No. A, I didn't understand what you were actually asking, because he was speaking in such a poetic way, and I was trying to give you an intense struggle. "Shit, I'm missing all of this. "I don't know what he's talking about." And you were like, "Who are your blah-blah-blah muses?" And I was like, "My muses? Pike. She's not here. Shit. In case we fight, who's good? Oh, Vax has "daggers, and Scanlan's my pal." And we jumped down and they're like, "Oh, we're fighting." And I was like, "Fuck!" The first five minutes, I was going through my mind, how it would have gone if I had picked other people, but I wouldn't have changed it for a second. It was so great. Ain't those the bad ones? You would be a bad dragon in real life? I was expecting more from you. Whatever, Voldemort. Shut up. I'd be a gold dragon. I'd call myself Kanye. I'm a wordsmith. You're welcome for my existence. I'm an influencer. I'll start smiling and then go-- Yeah, I like him. So glad we're not fighting him tonight because I just got infinitely more nervous. Are you playing as Gilmore? I'm going to do what Laura would do and warm up this d20. Shit. Fuck. That's the same number! We haven't started. This set is amazing, by the way. I'm so excited by it. What are you talking about? Really? You don't know. "It falls into darkness." So it's deep enough. What if there's a giant trampoline down there? I would like propose a pre-game handshake. (under breath) I will throw all of you in. Okay, all right. I'm ready to die. I rolled it twice and they both suck. This is nice stone! Ten. Probably not me. 15? Looks like rain! Is that a beholder coming out of the pit? Can you move diagonal squares? One plus one, plus two, plus one. It says we can see the board, but not you guys? OFF- I would like to go into a frenzied rage. I would like to move ten spaces. Right there. Oh. So, should I maybe move first and then rage? Oh. I'm very calm as I run from this spot to here, preparing to rage. Shit, I don't think I ever knew that. You learn something every day. Hit a little kid in the area if I have to attack something. C'mere, boom! But I'm so stealthy! What the shit. This is like Seattle. I would like to perform a little community outreach and I would like to run. Frenzied Rage! I would like to look at Keyleth and go, Hi! And attack. 26? 14? 24. 21. It was the third one that hit. 18. And she needs to make a constitution check. Well I'm working on it! Shit, relax a little! Just do it! (shrieks) Does she have that?! Do you have to roll for it? Well fuck the foreplay, let's get on with it. You have that? 16? You're having me help you with math. That's four. One more. Oh, into the pit! You die! There's a window. Is there a window, Matt, or is it supposed to be a wall? Through the window, to the wall! To the sweat drops down dragons' balls! I was coming over to say hi and then it was like, (explosions)! 15. I would ask a question. Is there any way I can move just up against the wall so that Keyleth and Zahra are in a straight line? No, I have the Javelin of Lightning, but it only works in a straight line. I'm going to hit Keyleth on the ground. Yeah, isn't she down on the ground? I'll hit her once and then move. I'm going to pimp slap and run! I pick up Craven Edge over my head. Seeing her there, unconscious, I turn my head away, turn the point down, and go, whack! I'll do my best. Do I get an extra attack after I make my move, because I killed someone? All right, I would like to move to Zahra, please. I would like to do like Joaquin Phoenix and swing away. Yeah, Joaquin Phoenix in Signs? See, and swing away? Grabs the bat and he beats the shit out of the alien? I would also like to do reckless attack on these. No. Reckless. Advantage, and whoever's fighting me gets advantage. 24 is the first one. 18 is probably going to be good enough. 27 on the second one. Oh, that's right. Ten, 18 for the first one. 12. 20 on the second one. A beautiful thing. It's always an option! Face slits are always in! 19. Tell me she only has one of those a day, right? No, I'm not getting excited about anything because if Christmas is any indication, shit can go south. I got a remote control car! (crashing) (crying) I got a Nerf football! What?! Whose?! Yeah, I do. Do I get advantage on my recklessness? You roll once instead of having to roll twice and take the lower. Because you have disadvantage, but I gave you advantage, so they cancel each other. 15 was the total of the second roll. I'm sorry, so that's 24. 21. And a constitution save. In explicit details. I'm restrained, okay. So my speed is halved. Shit. She needs to make a constitution saving throw. Come join the party, it's like an anime nightmare in here. (laughter) Orville Redenbacher? So I have to make a save to move, or it just halves my speed? No! Look, she's right there in the open world. You don't want to do that. Think about all the poor tentacles that just came to life. You might not get this chance again. I mean, we're both right there. 134. I expected more. Sarah Connor style! Oh wow, really? That's 21. It's a 19. Dexterity saving, right? Yeah. Plus two. 7d10?! Why would I give him mine? I see a ten. I see two tens. I'd like to try and break free of the tentacles of love. It's 14. What kind of damage, there, Matthew? I don't know, it's not a good thing. I'm turning toward the black tentacle dealer, right, and I'm giving her the bird. No, I would like to take the Javelin of Lightning and throw it at Zahra. Eight. I feel so loved. 19. Bludgeoning? So 35. Can I use my Stone's Endurance to limit that damage? No, shut up. So that's 14. No, 15. Okay, great. So 20 total. Still pretty good. You actually burned off the baby oil on these pecs. I mean, look guys. Share and share alike. (whispering) Yeah, come closer. Leave that guardian alone. He doesn't need to come. 16. Not this again-- argh! It's a nine. I don't like the way you're asking. Ooh, 11? No! What have you done! So I have to break free of the tentacle trap, right? Son of a fuck! No, I have advantage on dex, right? Wienerschnitzel! Well, I would like to do that. Oh, well, I have advantage on both of those because I'm raging and I have danger sense. 19, that's good. What am I talking about? Strength! Thank you! Yeah, 26. I know. I'm going to go towards, ding dang dong, Zahra. And what do I have left? Just my bonus action. I'll take my potion, my superior potion, because I can't attack anybody. Can I grapple or anything like that? (inarticulate yelling) Awesome. Yes, let's do that. Let's attack her. Yes. 26. You piece of... (counting) 21! In your horned face! Oh, 22 points of damage, because I forgot to add. Plus one to attack and damage? Now it is 19. 19. It's okay, I'm going to kill you soon. Yeah, you can jump in the pit. Yeah, take me out a bit. You two talk it out. Which I have advantage on. That's not reduced by making the save throw? Right, okay. I would like to attack Zahra and see how that does with the first of my three attacks. Yeah. 23. 21. No, I hit her again. 28? Is this my bonus action or one more attack? And I can still move? I would like to run behind the wall over here. Can I down a Superior potion? 28 points. Fail it. Fail it, baby. Fail it for me. I had exactly 17 hit points left, so I would like to use my relentless rage. I have to make a DC 10 constitution saving throw. If I succeed, I come back to one hit point. That's a 21. Can I stalk toward Kash? How big are you? Can I attempt to pick up Kash and throw him into the pit? Like, grab him and sumo-Greco, whoom! 18. (exclaiming) I do, huh? Can I try it again? So I could attack? Oh, motherfuck. And intimidate is an action? Okay, yeah, I'll attack him. You have a high AC, right? Oh fuck, no great weapon master. Well, all right, yeah. Let's try it. This one, great weapon master, reckless attack. Plus, okay. 26 minus five is 21. 35. 35 points of damage and a constitution save. (high-pitched) Yeah! Just one! I'm kind of one-eyeing it. I'll just hit him again. Oh yeah. Oh, it rolled over from a 20! Son of a bitch! Okay. No, that won't hit. Aw, it rolled over from a 20! Oh, it rolled over from a one, oh my god. Yep. Yes! 28. Now it's 20? (singing) Living on a prayer! That won't do it. That's a 14. Wait, don't I get saving throws and stuff?! (stammering) All right. That's true. Severe allergies. What are you at? Man. You're sitting pretty. You all wake up in your bed and go, (gasps). Oh man. I thought you were lower. I should have done another grapple check, but hey. I'd jump in there after that. That was really great. Nicely done, Matt. Nicely done, Kashaw! (applause) I guess you can put one more notch on that arm now. El gato es diablo. We'll free up our own Summer Slam. (laughter) I was getting blasted. Black tentacles. Two nuclear clouds. (explosion) Oh, that sucked. Shit! (explosion) You're dark, sister. I like it. Crochet! Oath of Vengeance named Marduun? Do we have a name? What? Almost? Stretch. You've got to go, right?