No song as we leave? I am instantly confused about where to start. So those runes are alphabetical, these are also alphabetical. There's a giant wood structure. I see tablets of stone with runes.  There's a million different potions. Okay, I'm gonna translate the alphabet and that message that's on the right-hand side. There's three different slabs that have got little numbers under them,  and then one that I'm like, okay, clearly we have to decipher this thing.  So I start looking something to write with and I find a piece of parchment  and a little quill pen and start running back and forth trying to decode the message. The first one isn't even here! No! I'm just looking for the first stupid symbol! H, that's an H! I can't believe you actually just went to Bring It On. [laughing] I think the Bring It On spell was just to make us look, like, really cool.  You know, I mean if nothing else, then at least we've got that. I'm figuring out that message and I'm actually having some luck. "The magician"! "The magician" is the first part of this thing. This is going to be the greatest moment of my life. There are numbers?! What kind of an asshole puts numbers with runes? O. "Fought," maybe? Is that a "fought"? "Sought"! You piece of-- What's a "K"? Find me a "K". Yeah, a "K" symbol. I've got a "U," "S,"-- this is a-- I think that's a "T". And then Marisha finds these spells that are, you know, singing, and so we start chanting. MARISHA AND Is that a "JU-" I think that's "justice"? "The magician sought justice"-- This quill is not-- it's magically losing ink! Come back to life. I got it, I got it! Oh, "W," that would make sense. "The magician sought justice in the tower"-- [crosstalk] "But," "but"-- yeah, "The magician sought justice in the tower but"-- He's trying to figure out the "but"s and the "the"s in between,  and I don't care about any of that. I just want the last tarot card. We got two more words. No, no, no! Skip to the last word 'cause that's probably what the last tarot card is! Is this one right here? "D," okay. And the "H" one is an “E”. And then-- it's like a pi symbol. "A." That's a "T." It's "death" I think. "The magician sought justice in the tower but found only death." Death. Death. I have no idea what that means. You suck! Sorrow of what? There's water. Yeah, can we like, bless it? We're just trying to make sense of what goes where and in what order, and it's chaos. Leech juice? Acrid what? Acrid. What the-- what does "acrid" mean? Acrid means, um-- Dragon's tears is over there. Siri, what's "acridness" mean?! Roll the dice! Buy the ticket, take the ride! Which one? Roll the dice! Buy the ticket, take the ride! Which one? Are we drinking it?! I wasn't 100 percent sure that someone was supposed to drink it. Holy water, right? Speak for yourself, brother. I love how exasperated he was in blessing it. He's like, "Ugh. I bless this holy water  and it's now holy. All right. Can we move this along?" Yeah, but he likes it. It's his thing. Travis is tall. Hey, you know, there's a little slit in that gold dragon's mouth. A perfect sword-sized slot! And so I said, "Put the sword in the mouth!" Can you turn it? Can you turn the sword? And then he turned it. Yep, scroll! --I find the magical hourglass. I haven't seen these symbols before, though. When the hourglass puzzle finally came about, I knew this was a challenge that I had to seek out. Look over here! --that is probably one of the coolest moments that we've got to experience. I'll take the second one. Okay, hold on, I'm gonna get this sheet and write on it. So you're the first-- One, two, three. And the block is what? "Meum in tenebras!" We say the lines-- Shit. Do we? I know we have the spell and all the right pieces for it.  I just don't think we're doing it right.  I'm completely confused, 'cause I've spent so much time trying to solve the additional puzzle. Nope, still nothing. We failed. Wow. Wow.