Oh, you? Me? Hi! I'm Travis. I play Grog. Super smart. I never played any-- Huh? Also, ale. I never played any RPGs before this, but I had asked around our little voice actor community for years, like Yuri Lowenthal and Liam and Matt Mercer. I think the first time I asked you about it was on a mo-cap session. I was like, "I hear you do the Master of "Dungeonings, what does that look like?" And he started to tell me, and I couldn't concentrate on anything beside the fact that I wanted to do it. Then Liam had that birthday party, and I came 20 minutes late. I walked in to Laura being extremely posh and bargaining with somebody for something. Liam was going, "Yes, of course. Oh, hello, sir." I was terrified. I think Matt had said, "Just "prepare your class and your race." I said, "Goliath barbarian."He goes, "Okay, so what's your "name?" I was like, "Um. Grog." He was, "Grog, what do you do?" I was like, "I make fine leather "boots." He goes, "Okay, bootmaker Grog," and we were off to the races. But that has led us to this, somehow. Matt pulls out a d20, he's like, "Roll it." (laughter) We're on a baseball field! (cheering) People going, "Oh, Keyleth's mom, man," you're like, "Yeah. Wait, what?" Right, that's a real thing. That's a real thing! My intelligence is still six. We love Scanlan, by the way. Every time he comes up with a song, I ask him afterwards. I'm like, "Did you have two songs on retainer that you were going to sing during the show?" True story. We still don't get it right. What's the explanation behind yours? Other than just coming up with it because I hadn't made a name yet, because I'm an idiot, I loved Monkey Island, the game, and I remember that was my introduction to Grog. I always figured that a barbarian needs a really simple name. So Grog was the first stupid light that turned on in my brain. And that's what I am. And you came up with my last name. That's right. Because I got possessed or something at one point. It was bad. You. It's about farting. I did that, too. I jumped out of the window with no Feather Fall. You go jump out of the window and I'm like, "Great idea!" Jump out of the window. You cast Feather Fall and I'm like, "Shit." Live and learn! My most heroic thing was when you crushed my cask of ale and I avenged it by headbutting the giant in the face. True love, people, true love. We've seen no cosplay! This sucks! When Pike died, she was crying, she was crying, she was crying, you were crying. I was asleep. No! Matt, you could tell he did not want to say the things he was saying, and it was only because we rolled extremely well when it counted that we got that thing that brought you back to life. Every time we go unconscious and then the death sets in. Against the beholder thing, I was just hoping we got around to Pike or Keyleth, so that Greater Restoration could come around, I wouldn't permanently be dead. There's a chance that one of these days. We didn't even talk in voices.