It's called the Underdark. Plus you guys were super happy about what you found. I think I wrote, five weeks in a row on my legal pad, "I don't trust Clarota. I don't trust "Clarota." It was Pike, Scanlan, and Grog were the ones who were like, "That's a good name. We'll "keep it that way." Oh. Grog has no idea Yeah. I mean, Grog's idea of family, I think, growing up, was just his father, Stonejaw Strongjaw... (laughter) To be fair, I didn't make that-- did you make that? Did I? I did make that name up. MATT and Yeah, that's right. Yeah, that's right on course. That's right, you dealt with him when I wasn't there! That's right. Thanks for that. He was a bitch. (laughter) I don't know what he just said. Liam would have probably killed that-- (laughter) Yeah, that's right! You went invisible and we were like (screams). Every week? We'll get it all right. That just blows my mind. Good question! Damn! That's what you get for having all of those fucking dice! Time to cull the herd. Fill in the story from what happened before that. Wow. Well, Mike, that was a pretty hot moment, shaving ole Groggy's half-beard while he was asleep. That was a new level. The mechanical pencil bends to rage really easily. That kicked off months of me trying to get you back, actually. It was a new echelon. A new world order had started. That's when I realized how damn slippery you are because I could never get my damn hands on you to do some shit! I kept trying to pants him or trip him or whatever, but I kept failing. It was pretty gnarly. Could you not feel the 100 degrees Kelvin pouring off of my person?! Really? We shouldn't have killed them. (high-pitched voice) I will speak with this-- (high-pitched voice) Hi-ya! What the fuck, man? The power of Christ compels you. Get out of here. Oh, man. I didn't even know what a sentient weapon was, I had never even heard of that. He just described it as some big, gorgeous greatsword, and I was like, "I can wield that, "I'll take it." And Percy's reaction of reading the first few lines of the card and showing a little dismay having just been cured of his current curse, I was like, "Give it to me, it'll be fine." So when Matt started talking, it was a total shock. Reading it was only half of the story. What did we have to do? Identify, or we had to do something else-- Yeah, the rest of that card is super important. That's a big part of it. So I think he was enjoying this new friend that talked to him and helped him shish-kebab people really well. Threw it at the-- And we almost got rid of Tary. Ain't none of us coming in after you. Keyleth. See, I heard a great comparison on el Twitter, which was the Game of Thrones fight between the Mountain and the Sand Viper, staying on the outside and all of that stuff until I get a hold of you and then I squish your head like a pumpkin. We saved him. When did something being personal ever kept you from snagging something? You used it a billion times. (as Grog) It is not okay if she gets knocked out! Ah, no kaiju! No nothing, growing out of the tree! You almost desecrated a grave, Ashley. Can't let it go! Yes, he is real. I had no idea. I just know I wanted to face him head-on to start with. Even if it was going to go south super fast like it did, I just wanted to get an idea. And I was woefully unprepared, especially when Matt was like, "You realize that he is not taking as much damage as "you think he should." I was like, "Oh, shit." It was nice that everybody had taken up positions and everything, and then I knew it would be a good chance to just call in arms, and just trying to set a little bit of a trap. But he got to face him on his terms, and that's all I really wanted. The rolls were not happening. He pinned me on a spike, disarmed me. I only hit two times out of five turns. Yeah, it was not going well. And we were learning what the Knuckles did. I remember Matt saying, "You remember seeing "Kevdak reached out and crushed a guy's skull with his bare hands." And I had no idea he would Enlarge, that the bloodaxe would also add all of this stuff, and I was just like, "Oh, god, what "did I step into?" The sword is a gift, how is that bad? (incredulous) Oh, you got it? Oh, the old digital device. Oh my god. You're getting laid tonight. By yourself! "You can't open it unless you die." Ashley, did you feel bad for reading that early? Everything that we had. Life finds a way. What does that mean? 86 rages? Dang. Planetar. That hurts. Use your words. No. SAM and So the only people in the room that know the answer to this is Matt and I and the answer is No. (gasping) He has gentle tendencies underneath! I think he just wanted to let you guys wonder for five years. What's the difference? I think it came out during previous Talks and the show. I was there because I'm super important. (laughter) And I really tried. I don't know why, we're a bunch of big brains. What a dick. His life was already fucked. No. I was not mad at-- or, Grog was not mad at Scanlan until he came back. With the illusion, and the wearing the disguise and everything. It was instantaneous rage from Pike and I. A, that he had to pretend. B, we had been worried about him. And then C, brought this jackass that was like a half-orc imitation of Grog. An idiot, a barbarian, and Grog had the biggest jealousy issue of all time. I was ready to pick Scanlan up and just smash his brain into jelly and just paint on the wall. Yeah, I don't know! Anything, just (noisy crying) tears. Luck. I cast something? Oh! Enlarge. Thank you. I forgot, yeah, I had a spell. We did good. We didn't want to ring the dinner bell. That was one thing, we were trying to be as stealthy as possible. Interesting option, though! Ooh! Between that and the one if I had punched Thordak in his jewel in his chest, knowing that would have shattered afterward I was like, "Oh, I've got to explore these things better." Why are you looking at me? Oh. I think he just wanted to get smarter. It's been 300 years! Oh man. There was a shitload of silverware. There were some candles, stones. I had a shitload of caltrops and handcuffs. Yeah. The dried poo disc broke, though. I had a nice, solid cow frisbee patty. There was some armor. The big black sapphire I gave to Scanlan to get married to old Pikey-poo with. A shitload of expensive-ass bottles of wine. Basically a bunch of other random shit. It was like a busted-up Home Depot at the end. Percy probably could've made something from it all. I was just randomly collecting shit. There's 10,000 pieces of platinum in the bag. Dropping on Kevdak from the necklace. Bar none. They are! Hear hear! Yeah! We get to go back to the beginning!