Drizzled? Uncle-- You better say my name next. Laura! Listen, I have illegible writing. Is there ever a wrong clip of Sam? God, I'm going to barf all over you. Do not make us do this shit. That's even harder. Yeah. MATT and That's not french horns. I am thankful for your ability to wear the top button of your collared shirt closed, whether you're wearing a tie or not. Is that a clip-on? It's on his LinkedIn profile. You got to fill me in, because I don't watch this shit. Yeah, I heard. No, I know, it's okay, He lives really close to us. I visited him that night. Yeah. I stood in front of his dark bedroom, breathing heavily, and then put my hand over his now-wife's mouth, and said, "Shh, it's time for a conversion therapy session. You will love the Cowboys." And he said, "No, I don't want to, I don't want to love winners, Tom Brady is the best." I-- is nobody else following what I'm-- Yeah. Yes. Yeah, that's it. Just bring anything. How did that not get crushed? He says he's sent stuff before. I'm pretty sure all my shirts could kick your shirts' ass. If you pass out, I hope you'll still be blowing it. Go, fire it up! It's like carnival music. Wow! It's pretty good, yeah, it's pretty great. I got one! "There isn't enough space to convey my thoughts, I am a novice Critter right now with hopes that I'll speed up to speed soon. Please accept this small token of appreciation with the warmest, awesome members of Critical Role. Warm regards, Aaron." It is a DVD copy of Critters. I actually did creature noises, and-- nah, I'm going to shut up. I know. I'm a liar and a thief. Critters 3? Yeah. What the heck? TSA won't have a problem with that at all. (singing) A little leather strap is what it needs! I read music. My tune actually goes (imitates guitar riff) Yeah, you can see it right there. That's my sheet music. You follow along in three-quarter-eighteenth's time in a D-minor major chord. Und Grog is the best. UNICEF donation! Oh, it's packets of tea! Oh shit! Somebody didn't do their homework! I love the Last Crusade reference. Paige Weggle sent me a packet of mayo! Just a packet of mayo and a whole envelope. (laughter) Are you serious? That's really great! What is it? That one is for shopping. Man, I got a thing from Shannon Pots all the way from, can't pronounce it, Republic of Korea. "Merry Christmas, my name is Shannon Pots, I am from British Columbia, I am currently living in South Korea as a teacher. I teach fourth-grade international school. I teach my students to embrace what makes them different and weird. I share my love of D&D, Harry Potter, Doctor Who, showing that they should be proud of who they are." Loves 826LA teaching kids to be resourceful proud and accept themselves, their faults, and to always be the best they can be. She's included a baby green dragon that she made. It was needle felted. "I hope that you all enjoyed it. Made with wool fibers and a fuzzy needle, Merry Christmas." Thank you, Shannon @Shannon_Pots. You're the best. Thanks for all you do, teaching the kids! Grog in a Cowboys jersey on the little notebook inside. (noises of delight) This is so amazing! I'm so happy right now. Look at all that anime. Enjoy your box. Who gets to wear it first? Cool. Taliesin, god. I don't get it. (singing) It must be nice, it must be nice-- Which ones? Who's next? Yours is way longer than mine. Really? Mine says, "I lied to Sam." (laughter) If you read books to yourself, I would watch that. Who wants to unwrap minis? This is from Michael W. Crabtree says, "Hi, Critical Role cast. I want to thank you for the amazing journey. I used these a lot during my teens dabbed with Pathfinder, blah blah blah," Oh, man. "Vex's death felt real. Being a twin myself, I recognised the distance willing to go to protect my sister. I'd like to thank Matt for making DM Tips and DMs Guild classes. Since watching, I pick up DM's books and now I'm currently running three six-to-eight-person 5e campaigns!" Three. He says, "The blood hunter lycan order have been a joy to play." Wow, that's a lot of terms that I don't even understand. "Critical Role has inspired me to channel my originality and thank you for letting me play with my seven-year-old daughter. It's okay to make believe, embrace who you are, enjoy the experience. Bring family together. I look forward to showing my daughter that dad is just as silly as she is. Michael W. Crabtree A.K.A-- How do you pronounce that? And he included these incredible-- He said, "I have also included a more paladin-ish rogue Vax for you, if you'd like to use it in a home game." "Liam, your embracing of the Raven Queen was by far my favorite part in your game." I'll take them. I'll put them on the shelf. Hey, my name's Rob! I feel like you could eat this. I'm pretty sure it's like taffy. (gobbling sounds) I'm a turkey! Oh, Craven Edge! Guys, we can still go get Craven Edge, I'm just saying. Really, really awesome. No, I ain't crying. Wow! Look at the list of names! Ready? I'll read them all in one second. (screams) There's a box of something if somebody wants to unbox-- Thank you, Steven. I'm just trying to enjoy these season's greetings! Jen-- is it Zurin Smith? Put it in the frame! Yeah, me too. It's for a GoPro. It's my Secret Santa gift. Merry Christmas! Don't give her false hope. That's not true. Oh, look at Keyleth. That's adorable. Grog's in a Santa hat. Someone will be punished for this. Roll a charisma check. Is it set to Sarah McLachlan's "I Will Remember You?" They hate us. (laughter)