"Please be aware that many members of your audience may be 18 years of age or under." That's with a beard! Go buy all the shirts! Oh! What? (as Grog) Who is that talking? Hmm. I'm Travis Willingham. I play Grog on Critical Role. I'm a goliath barbarian. I like ale and killing things. Oh god, I voice stuff? I'm Thor in Avengers Assemble, Fred 104 in Halo 5 Guardians, and I'm King Roland in Princess Sofia the First. Much love to the people on the far left and the far right side of the room, because every time I look over there, I feel like we're doing something wrong because they're all like-- There's really no other way to sit. Love you, right side of the room, love you. Love you too, less populated left side of the room. Yeah right side! Need a beach ball. Just saying, I got all sorts of great ideas. Are we going to do a Q&A? All right, pick a number between-- 14! That's like saying Team Left Side doesn't understand what that word means. (cheering) Say my name! (laughter) Aw yeah! Come give us stuff! AUDIENCE I love your shirt! AUDIENCE This is my only campaign. Oh, that's true. You're totally useful now. (Grog voice) Keyleth, help me! The fear was real when she almost died. I think my face was a projection of absolute terror because I knew that night was never going to end. The sun was going to come up and the mascara would be down the cheeks and she'd be ripping up art in her room like, "It's all over. It's all over!" I'd have a fire extinguisher pointed at her like, "Calm down. It's just in your mind." I don't spend much time with my character because Grog doesn't think. It's just impulse. No. He holds grudges. That's about it. Then he likes to kill the thing that moves. (laughter) I forget my stuff. It took me two and a half, three years to learn everything. I think both of those fights with Kern, I was still forgetting to add strength modifiers. It's stupid, but it makes the game good. Yeah. That's totally why I suck at the numbers. (Grog voice) My man. AUDIENCE Sailor Moon. (cheering) What is this thing? AUDIENCE Hook us in. Where's your game? I call next! AUDIENCE Blaze of glory! Everything dies. Hey, if the chicken deserves to live, it'll get away. I'm just saying! She won't kill a chicken, but you'll steal a broom. We could have tossed him in the lava and had everything! You rolled with disadvantage for it. Say that one more time? (laughter) AUDIENCE She like, earth elemental into the floor. She's coming up under your nuts. That was so great! Yeah, Grog probably loves Vox Machina because they always run into people to fight. He loves Pike, but that's where all of the action is, with you guys. If it gets boring, he'd be like, "Fuck it, I'm out." Yeah, I love it. I feel like until he gets hit by each individual character, he will not be happy. 7,000 times already. I appreciate your bloodlust. Have Earthbreaker Groon and Clarota ride a beholder in. We have five minutes left, so be expedient. AUDIENCE Pineapple! AUDIENCE Why? Because it tastes good. Did everyone know that Thordak meant Thursday except me?