We miss you too, man! I like your shirt! AUDIENCE Whatever. All the characters are dead! (laughter) I would love chaotic neutral. For me, it is the class that lets you be your most impulsive. I love chaotic neutral because you get to be impulsive and there's not a lot of things that fall outside of your alignment as long as it makes some sort of rational or impulsive sense for your character. I love chaotic neutral, and if you ever feel like you need to start doing things along a more good alignment, or evil alignment, I'm sure you can change as you go along, but damn, chaotic neutral's the way to start, believe you me. Me first? I always find it hard to play-- it's not hard, it's actually gotten easier to play a character with low intelligence-- (laughter) One liners! I never have that problem. (laughter) Totally. I'll be honest, it's been so long, I think I prefer Fifth Edition. There were parts of Pathfinder that were good for more specific-- The one with the hand. (laughter) Point at the camera. Woohoo! AUDIENCE She's not kidding. It's a problem. (laughter) Oh, I pick this one? The guy that's closest to the middle of the room. Along the aisle. He's got a black wristwatch or he's doing something. AUDIENCE What about you? I love chaotic storytelling. One of the first things that Matt ever told us as a DM was don't play it safe. Safe is boring. And I love it when shit goes wrong. I really, really love it when things go wrong, and we panic, and we try and make the best of a shit situation. That's my favorite. (laughter) What are we most surprised to learn about ourselves from playing? Maybe that means that I'm an asshole, but-- (laughter) Yeah, it's something like that. And you have a problem with dice. (laughter) I like half-orcs. Yeah. I don't know. Oh, to play. We'll do one more question, then we'll let you guys get to the panel so you're not slogging us along. Every session, I steal one dice. It's this slow bleed, this slow drain of dice. That's true. It's kind of like plucking your eyebrow hair, right? You pluck one, and two more spring out. He's swallowing the sin of the dice. No. Man, weather is stupid, y'all. AUDIENCE Son of a bitch! I appreciate the beer. We really wish we could've been there to see you guys, we were looking forward to it for a long time. Sucks that Matt and Marisha had to bribe the airlines to let their plane take off. AUDIENCE