One point of exhaustion! (laughter) Yeah, we played a game in between live streams, and these are all the surviving members. Who doesn't know what our show on Saturday night is? MARISHA and We're going to be naked! Oh, snapdragon. That's awesome. (cheering) Yeah, you can fly. Get up here on the stage. (laughter) So do we have them line up over there? Okay, if you have a question, Claudia's got a microphone over there, and then we will answer the questions. Or attack you. No running! There's a Chowazord over there. I don't know. Is that far off from what they're called? There's a Dingleberry on the loose! All right, while Laura's getting dressed, we'll take on one. AUDIENCE I know. We're so much better-looking. What? (laughter and applause) I sit on phone books! No. Hold the wing out! No, more that way. (laughter) Well, it changed it a little bit. We try and keep the dumb pauses that would normally happen in our seven-hour home games, where we're eating chips and drinking all the time. And sometimes, if it's not us, we'd get up, and walk off into the kitchen, and eat a bunch of cookies and shit. So we try to get rid of that stuff, but whether we make stupid decisions? I make those all the time. Can we go shopping right now? (laughter) I think we should have some breakfast cereal. Come get at us, General Mills. We'll make this happen. AUDIENCE So I can chop off my arm. I'm a great guinea pig! What if I chop off my head? You're welcome! Son of a bitch. AUDIENCE I'd be a tavern wench. (laughter) Sex is important! Sit down! (laughter) AUDIENCE Did you get all that? AUDIENCE I just heard, "Mwa mwa mwa mwa." I remember the very first time we ever played, Matt took me aside in some room because-- was it Laura and I were talking to that guy? He was like, "How do you want to intimidate him?" And I was like "I don't-- What "was his question?" (laughter) We were back in the bedroom in your apartment, right? We were waiting for the rest of the table. Yeah! (laughter) I asked him later "Is there anything that you don't like about certain aspects of the game?" He's like "Only when people play it safe. Don't play it safe. Safe can be so boring, you know. "It's a fantasy world, it's your imagination, there are all these things happening. So don't play it "safe." I'm like "Got it." (laughter) Yeah, we turned into the crowd. There were moments of conflict that were fun, though. When Percy tried to keep me from getting the skull, we were both smiling our asses off. AUDIENCE Yeah, yeah, yeah. AUDIENCE After one look at the Player's Handbook and was like "What the fuck is this?" (laughter) He's named Grog, duh. Then you came up with those damn names. Listen to the sword. (laughter) She'll never let that shit go. Be nice to the elderly?! Kima with the beholders, right? It's cursed. Don't open it! (laughter) I thought of that. I was in between AC/DC's "Thunderstruck" and "Shipping Up To "Boston." That's the first thing I thought of on that playlist. You, sir, are a badass. (singing) I'm too sexy for my shirt. (laughter) Those are poison, too! LAURA AND They're warm! Pretty good one. AUDIENCE Wait, it won't shut up? It keeps running through the whole show? What? AUDIENCE I'd be a dire wolf. Trash pandas. Trash panda. Oh my god! (laughter) Yes. (laughter) That's Sam's. Oh shit, that looks like me! (laughter) We've got ten minutes. We've got to do this fast. AUDIENCE We'd be drinking for that first game we played. Kill all your players! (laughter) AUDIENCE Good question. I loved not dying at Kevdak's hand and getting scooped up into the necklace-- not Pokeball-- and getting air-dropped out. I had like four hit points. I was like, "Fuck it, I'm going "to die. Let's go out in a blaze of glory." And a natural 20 happened! It was skin of my ass. I know! I watched it afterwards, and I almost tore my shirt open. (laughter) It's just a satisfying moment. It's not a test. That was pretty dope. AUDIENCE It was cold as shit. It was awesome! Yeah! Cowboys! AUDIENCE I would fist-fight Gaston. (cheering) (Grog voice) Yes. (laughter) Last one. Sorry, guys. What's the name of the theater called, it's the...? Walking distance. Ashley will be there. We're more important than Matt! (laughter)