Thank you, Kimmy. (clears throat) Also ale. Wow! That was a good twirl. What a peaceful bow. That's a great looking Pike. (cheering, applause) Much love, Liam! (cheering, applause) Yes! Welcome! You should say if you're current or not. Everybody from here over is dead. (laughter) AUDIENCE I'm an idiot, so Grog's an idiot. (laughter) I made fine leather boots. Nope. He makes shitty leather boots. That's probably the better way to say that. Bootmaiden. That's my Etsy name. Inspiration for your characters? Other inspirations. He literally came in like Doogie Howser and just brilliantly solved a puzzle that we were all nearly about to die from. The look on Matt's face was like this is first grade and you're all dead already. (laughter) Woohoo! It's kind of sexy. (laughter) Were you hoping to die in one session so you could come back as something-- That was a great question. Who wears a 2XL? Here, have a jetpack fighter shirt. I'm giving out stuff when awesome questions are asked. Goliath's got huge cavities. AUDIENCE He's got his notepad right now! He's our court stenographer. Oh, that's so good. There is no life without Gilmore. Just throw it a hard as you-- First row. You made it to the first row. I'm a little boy. Don't hit me! Ah, shit. (laughter) I didn't know you could do magic! Missed that too! People were like, oh, Travis with the amazing RP, playing a character. I didn't fucking notice, you guys. (laughter) Matt was gonna give it to me, too! And I’m like, I don't reach in there! You with your stupid shop water! You're all a bunch of dicks. So happy. It's pretty great. It's the crossbow. Okay, we'll help you. AUDIENCE You do not! (laughter) There's a bunch of numbers in them! (laughter) No, nobody cares about that. (laughter) No, damn it! Oh, the door is closed! He doesn't tell us crap! And we try all the time. I text him when it's late, maybe he's had a drink, maybe he's tired. "If I had actually crushed his skull, what would have happened?" And he's like, "You don't know." Son of a bitch. (laughter) Maybe we should just all die now. Suicide pact! You don't want those dragon eyes. Light. Great question! (clapping) Yeah, I played a wookie. That was great. (wookie noise) (laughter) Eat more chicken. Don't read it. You died. That's great. (laughter) Yeah, I agree. You can have him. I'll trade you my sack for your beer. That's not enough. (laughter) Wow, wow. It's really hoppy and delicious. AUDIENCE Name all your characters Percy. Wait, Vex wants to try. Applaud this woman! (applause) That's great. Thank you. Seriously, best panel ever. A bit of advice, write ale into your backstory, bitches, because hey! Yeah, seriously, you guys are amazing. (applause) The gospel. I heard a boo. The human encyclopedia says, "No." Yeah, nine times. AUDIENCE I think it just needs to be solved PVP. Scanlan versus Trinket. Yeah, but what if he gets lucky? Y'all, this is truth. The one time before the stream when I smacked the bear on the ass and sent it through this minefield, I almost got divorced. Like, legitimately. I've got to save that fucking bear. Because if he dies, there's no joy in the world. (laughter) She would walk home and all the flowers in the front yard would die. Save that bear, man. Rule number one. What is this, Hogwarts? Or an owl, or a cat-- Okay, okay, okay. Rosie. AUDIENCE Viva la revolución! Little French boy. Please tell me there's a Getty Images of that somewhere. Yes! Are you sure? And you ate shit. Why have we not killed a goat in the game as vengeance for your real-life--? I burned down a theater and killed everybody inside. But nobody knows about that, so-- A what? A marauder. That's a big word. AUDIENCE It turned out to be one of my cousins, which goes into a backstory thing that will probably come up at some point, but I didn't want to fight my family. Because we would have probably all died. It was like seven goliaths. It would have been bad. But he gets one pass. And then he's dead. AUDIENCE Don't tell him that. Can we get a Bigby's Hand? (laughs) Grog lives moment to moment. I have no idea what they're talking about. Yeah, you can't RP for Vax. Why don't you speak for yourself? Is this meta right now? We're all going to die! You killed us! Yeah, ideals. (laughter) They're right. Oh, sure. It's my favorite part. We're a bunch of idiots, come on. Bless you! Can we name an NPC after him or something? Just make him the beer delivery guy! We've got to build him a room! (cheering) We're going to sign one letter at a time. Yes. Go for it! We've got five minutes. I feel like Matt does a pretty good job, too, of being clairvoyant and sensing that if we start to do something that's going to go way off on a tangent and take up too much time, he'll cut it off the second we start it, and he'll bring something up that puts us back on a more cohesive track. That's where the black powder guy came from, is some random tangent. Most amazing NPC ever. And then you cast Friends on me, you dick. Shopping's awesome. I love going shopping with other people. (laughter) C-123 tomorrow. And we're at our tables. When we're not here, we're at our tables the whole time. AUDIENCE One more question. Because everybody from here over has to pee so bad. We had a whole cask of ale from here over. AUDIENCE Great question. We love that you guys are here! So we will be at the group signing table at 400. From 400 to 500 we'll be there; it's a short run, so if we don't get to everybody, that's okay. We'll be over at our tables until the close of the day, and then we'll be back here when the hall opens tomorrow, as well. We have another panel and a group signing tomorrow, as well. Thank you so much for coming out!