Can we work in like a Wolf Blizter hologram? Like they have on CNN as well? On the table, next to all the guys. Well, you know, we have an ongoing relationship with Wyrmwood Gaming, which you can find on the internet. They make beautiful boxes for holding dice and stuff, and if you use the code "critrole," "critrole," you will get free shipping. They have all different kinds of woods, they're lovely. And then also, hey, this is an impromptu announcement, but Kurtis Wiebe just announced on the Twitters, Kurtis Wiebe is the writer for the comic book Rat Queens. We all are addicted to it. He works with Tess Fowler, who's the artist right now, and basically their outfit and our outfit are in love, and Kurtis announced on Twitter today that he is going to be shoving Vox Machina in there in some way, somehow, and we're very excited. I chose the Planetary Society, just in case the green world dies, and it promotes exploration of space, and the stuff like that. What a variety of charities. You're god! Yeah, yeah, definitely all useful. And did Pike's holy visitor fix the keep, or is the keep still effed up? It must look so strange next to the ruined city of Emon. Use the skull to wish to know everyone's alignment. Problem solved. This isn't the real game, the game hasn't actually started yet. Insight? And are they all strangers, other than the people we brought back with us? They are strangers? Yeah. Is anyone still badly hurt? I'm going to spend the first bit of time at home helping Pike, doing whatever she tells me to do, really, to help the people here. Way to go dark. Way to go dark. Well, he's gone up, he's resting. He's in Percival's room, I think. You said you would sleep in your laboratory. It's true, they're a double-edged sword, though. I mean, they should not be trusted, we cannot trust them, but they are an infrastructure under the city. They may have more of an idea what's going on than we do. I'm the best to speak to them, but I'm not on good terms with them, and I've never really talked to you about this, but you were marked at one point, a long time ago. Actually, yes. I'm sure I don't know. The reason there is a brand on my back is because I interceded. Some other schmoe died instead of you. You might be a bit of a sore point with them. I don't know. They might not remember, but I don't think that's true, I think they'll remember. Before we met, when Vex and I were on our own. We're going down to talk. Right. All right. They're going to look out for themselves, and you're probably-- I'm sure you're right, they want these dragons out, but they will do-- they will preserve their own existence, and there's a possibility that bowing before these beasts will preserve their existence. And yes, we've been down there, we've argued with them, but we're talking about going down there and making an alliance, an ongoing alliance, and shit might come up, that's all I'm saying. This is one option, are we sure we don't want to seek help-- So you're saying there's a chance. Yes, if things went south-- Don't get along with chromatic. It's a horde of fucking ass-kickers, is what it is. Allow me to play tiefling's advocate. If we leave now and allow the Clasp to take hold and form some sort of new shadow government, without us having any part in it, it's out of our control completely. It won't be in our control at all. But maybe if we speak to them now, we'll have a better idea of what's going on. I'm not sold on any idea yet, but if we leave now and let things play out, it's entirely out of our hands. We're talking Vasselheim, yeah? Whitestone. And you can do it another two-- Do you think you could look in on Syngorn? History? Didn't help. 15. All out of luck. What points to what? What are you talking about? That's one more thing our father failed to impart to us. You know, just because you can, doesn't mean you should. That's true. And there's 50 to 100 refugees, you said, something like that, right? 30s? You mean like the one that crashed? Guys. This is an RPG, not a JRPG. (laughter) Here it comes, everybody. There is opportunity. There's definitely no vampires there. None. They can't get-- no one can get cut in half, can they? Well, we were saying that the terribly injured, the people with the worst injuries-- Yeah, those people first. And then with kids-- But they need attention now! They need-- No words! No words! You can stay with Pike, for now. No severed limbs, no whammies! "I regret nothing!" In the worst-case scenario they can go underground. It is a fun idea-- One plus one plus two plus one. She's not marked for death, she was marked for death, it's just awkward. It's awkward. I'm not a full-fledged member, they don't like me. I don't like them! Maybe you can. Well, let's go, then. We're not going to walk in the open. That's a good idea. For now, it's a good idea, I won't hold onto it forever. Can we call this the Jenga stone? In moments of need. Do I need to spend a little time with this? Once a day? All right. Good to know. All right. 38. LAURA 35. Right here. It's pronounced 'jif'. And Scanlan's the only one-- we all see it? Not too good. Uno! Oh, six, thanks for that. That was so crushing, to see the number on the die. For clarification, does this count as turns, or are they, since they're coming late to the party, or this is just them in position? Are they into the initiative order, just gameplay talk? Percy shot at them. Parkour! Yup! d10. Yes. So I'm having trouble seeing the battle map. Grog is right against a wyvern, right? Oh, so not against a wyvern? Oh, so Percy is right there? And Scanlan's next to the magic user, right? Scanlan's up against a dude, right? All right, so what I want to do is slink up behind Percy, reach over-- oh, no, I want to click my Boots of Haste, is what I want to do. I don't think so. No, I didn't. No I didn't, I definitely didn't, because I remember kicking myself for-- I definitely didn't. Okay so, click, everybody starts moving slower around me. I want to-- so Percy's against the wyvern, I want to reach over Percy's shoulder and stab the wyvern, and then I want to throw another dagger at the dude standing next to Scanlan. Yeah. Well, I can't tell, I can't see shit-- is that over Percy's shoulder? But I can go around it, yes, let's do that. I'm going to stab the wyvern in the butt, and then I'm going to throw a dagger from my other hand at the guy standing next to Scanlan-- I've got a question for you. Because both of them have somebody who's running interference, do I get sneak attack damage on both? Just per turn? All right. So I'm going to use sneak attack damage on the wyvern if I get it. 25! And then for the dude by Scanlan gets a-- word, 19. I do. Oh-- yes. So the third stab will go back at the wyvern. Yeah, and the last one was a 24 total, so that hits as well. Okay! So that's two, one, yes. That's 14, 17, 22, 23, 25, 27, 29 into the wyvern. And then the jerk over by Scanlan gets seven. And then the wyvern takes another, the Keen Dagger, takes another nine. Did I use up all my movement? Knowing that it can swat at me, I'm going to try to go right back around where I came from. And I'm wearing the Cloak of Displacement. Yeah. Grog is full juicing. Does his strength go up to 100 eventually? Jeez, you got like Tetsuo arm, it's like five times bigger than it should be. Grog is on god mode. Did you just call the DM a bitch? Dissention in the ranks. I'm going to scramble up to the top of the building that I'm right next to. Sure. No problem. Yeah, way high. 20-- 33. Is that Percy right there? Okay. Oh, who's right directly in a row, away from me? Yeah, I can't tell. It's a bad guy? I want to run, actually, and I want to jump off and land next to Percy. Yeah. I want to run straight by and I want to stab the dude. I'm going to run forward, yeah. Stab that guy. (laughter) Nine. Yeah. Run towards Scanlan, and I want to grapple him. Hopefully he just takes it. No, not that far. One square back. Right there! Grab him. And I'm using my bonus action to dash and then drag him backward, behind Grog. Right, two actions and a bonus action, mix them around, Matt! And then back-- yeah, right behind Grog, and I drag him behind Vex and Grog, back by Keyleth. (airplane noise) Right. Dash-- hasted, I can go very very far. I spank him on the ass and say, you're welcome, shorty. Yes, you may. Grog's going to bite his head off. You've got to be careful with friendly fire, and we're all out of the way. Phew. Gingers, man. Gingers. He's covered in ichor. I'm going to start walking towards it and dagger, and dagger, and dagger. First is 20. Second is 23. Third is a 23. So, we get-- Ten for the fir-- Sneak Attack? Is it near something? Okay, so the first is ten plus-- wah! Ten plus 16, 23, (growling) 29, 36, 39, 41 for the first dagger. I will aim for its open mouth as it's going "huah." And pin its tongue into the back of its skull. Can I assist with my Keen Dagger, and help her under her instruction? We're going to drag the wyverns indoors? I'll get the door for you. (door creaks) Would it help if I gave her my Keen Dagger for the rest of it? Yeah. So we've just got ladder down. That's it? Well, I'm fine, so while everybody is-- Just do some push-ups. Just do some push-ups while I check this ladder out. So I'm going to check for any traps on this ladder or anything. 23. I'm not going to go crazy, I'm just going to go to the bottom of the ladder-- in I go. 30 for stealth. I have a Flame Tongue Dagger. 22. (quietly) Vex'ahlia-- There is a long tunnel down here and there is a bit of faint light. I have Percy's fancy rock; I am not planning on doing anything crazy, but I think I should-- Well, technically I do still have it. Regardless, I should go ahead and, if there's anyone to talk to, I should talk-- I'm not going to go yet, I'm going to wait 'til you guys have rested, and come down to-- it's pitch-black down here, I'm not running ahead. I'm better at this shit than you and the rest are, so take a rest, I'm going to sit here-- Sometimes, Stubby, yes. Stubby, could you come down here for me? Yeah. Probably. Come here. All right so, before all these guys-- you were being stalked by someone, I don't know for what reason, I don't know who the person was, I don't know what they wanted with you. Someone wanted you, and I don't know who. The Clasp was going to get you for them, and I stopped that from happening. I followed you one night, or rather, followed this person following you, and met the Clasp. And I made an exchange for your life. I went and got someone else. And-- Not immediately. You're almost on it. They told me to get a body, I got a body. A living body. A child rapist. And brought him to the Clasp, and they brought out a stick-- really it was made of human tongues. Yes. They touched it, and he turned into you. And they took that guy. For whatever. And in exchange for your life, I have this, and they are allowed to call on me when they want. So, I know that we've run in and out a couple of times, but we're going in. You can talk my fucking ear off in a moment, all right? Just shut up for a second. We are going to go in and try to form some sort of alliance or working partnership, this is different than running in, smashing some shit and running out, all right? So keep the cloak up, hang back, don't say a lot, and you can talk my ear off later. I don't know why you were wanted, I don't know what it was about, all I knew is that they were going to take you away and I wasn't going to let that happen and I took some fucking piece of shit and traded him in. Well, if I had to wager on it, I'd say that he's in a dungeon in a rubber suit, but I don't know where, no. I never told you because it's creepy as fuck. It was in Westruun. Probably? Probably. Stay at the back. Yeah. You do you, Vex'ahlia. Sounds like there's, I don't know, drainage or something coming from slightly up in that direction. Well, that's not a bad idea, but it means we've got to sit in this stank. I don't know if the person who wanted you was part of the Clasp. I don't know who it was. It's parading you around in front of the people who made an illicit deal with me. It could be fine. I don't know. I don't think that's going to be enough. It's not quite enough for our purposes. She's multiclassing a third time. Second firestorm of the night. How 'bout that smell, everyone? Eh? I never lived-- I'm, like, a distant cousin to all this. (laughter) But did you say, on the right, is it going down, or is it coming down? Follow the water down or follow the light? This is like the Underdark again. Is there any-- I'm sorry, one last question. Is there any Thieves' Cant on the walls at all? 31. All right. Confirmed. Yeah, I'll lead the way. Yeah, we sat here for 20 minutes in the stank. We could have been, but I use a bit of sign language from the Cant, and let them know that I'm part of the Clasp? You said "human", right? I step forward. Well, you know who we are. Yes. And you know my spotty track record with the Clasp. But that's all past now. The city's in ruins. You're looking at the right hand of Uriel. Of course. We're looking for what to do next with this city. I don't think any of us wish to be the pets of the beast that's now roosting in the heart of Emon. Well, I'll be honest, our first thought was to flee this city. But before we make that decision-- yes, it is-- we know that you're the next best thing to a government in Emon. And we want to know what's left behind. Can I insight check? Not good. No. Nine. Nine. The plan now is to lay low and hide? We can get to that. We also have strong connections to Whitestone. We're proposing a short-term solution-- you want to get back to a position where you can grease the wheels and make money. That's not going to happen anytime soon. But you can't take care of these beasts on your own. And neither can Whitestone, neither can we. If the Clasp were to vanish, something else would take its place. Can I use perception to make sure that we're really private right now? 22-- Oh, 22, plus can I use my inspiration on this? I got it in the wyvern fight. Okay, so 22. You're welcome. You know what? Keep your deal. I don't think you're going to let this city fall, anyway. If this city dies, you've nothing. If the parasite hasn't a host to feed on, the parasite dies. No, thank you. Is this a whisper? I'm going to roll out of his hands forward to my friends. 28. Save a thought for the people of Emon, if you've any room left in your narrow minds. And I back out. I don't answer. I walk over to Keyleth. Can you still do the thing with your hands? I rip my shirt down. I want you to burn it away. Now. Seven. Like you do. It was you. Thank you, Grog. No! Does that take the scar? Okay. Thank you. There's hundreds of them, Grog. Yeah, there were another 160 in the rafters. They're going to go on doing the same thing they would have done with us or without us. And I don't believe they are going to bend the knee to Thordak. I don't believe it. And that was all I, personally, was worried about. I think the only people on the inside right now have scales. 27. We don't need an airship to do that. Is he unconscious still, or just sleeping? "What? What?" As the sun goes down? It's been down and everyone's going to their rooms? I go to Keyleth's door and knock on it. Hi. I don't want to be alone tonight. Do you? One dragon crashed in the roof of the building. What are the cook and the maid going to do? Jarett's pretty badass, but I don't think he can handle that. Percival's the lord of Whitestone. He's got a castle! You'll find another room bathed in self-loathing. (laughter) That's ridiculous. Why don't you go ask the guards? I'll go talk to the kitchen staff. We've done it once before. We can do it again. Fucking cold! I imagine you'll fill your sister in. Do you think that with the time that's passed, Cassandra has found any of the belongings of the Briarwoods? They were pretty snazzy. We need to kill some dragons, and we are out of everything. You've been here a while. Have you found anything of the Briarwoods? Any store of treasure or potion or anything of use? Not so much interested in gold as in means of protection or healing. Let's have dinner. Whitestone and chill. Tinker tools. This goes in here. Are you borrowing 300 of your gold from the money you loaned to Vex? We were just here! Where we fought the hydra, maybe. Glad that manticore's not in your orchard. That's all I can say. Remind me, what was the Duskmeadow, again? Was that where we chased the rakshasa? That ripped, chiseled old man? Ta-da! And we're probably going to need to speak to your lady lord. Well, your wife, but I'm talking about the boss, here. Higher still the sphinx. We've urgent business to discuss with her. For now, we need a place to stay. The only reason I remember that is it sounds like merkin. Sorry, we're tired. We've been hopping all over. Sorry. Any room? Aldor, Aldor, Aldor. She's still a member of the Slayer's Take, of course, though. Isn't she? It feels like we were just running screaming from dragons in the sky. We'll get up in the morning, we'll take some of that gold, we'll put it to good use, we'll wait until Nessa gets back, and then we'll carve out a plan. Percival? Probably, he works here. He was. She's led by her conscience. Oh, shit, can we buy potions in this city? Shit! You can't, can you? Nothing. I'd probably tag along with Percival. You're right. I do want to see Old Punchy Man. Greyskull Keep is going to be an ancient dragon's kitty litter box. Like our first hometown, or our elven town?