28. They know we're here, still. No. The ground floor. Were there stairs-- When we went down that set of stairs there, was there also stairs going up right there, or stairs going up? We could. We should just spend the next three hours in the storage room. Lady Kima, allow me to take a peek around the corner, see what's going on. So I'm gonna go stealth. And inch past her. That's good. 29. I turn back to the group. Isn't that a corner-- a dead-on corner right there? Another hallway. I just put up a hand, and then slip around this direction and slip down this second hallway that you revealed. I continue to creep away from my sister, specifically. All right, I got this, I'm going to keep going. An opening that's not a doorway? Or-- The door is open. All right, so I'm going to press against the wall, up to the edge, wait for five seconds, see if I can hear anything, and then if not, curve around and peek in. 20. Okay, I'm going to get low to the ground, and peek in the door. And his back is to me, currently? So this way? Oh, but I see the door on the other side, so I take the earring-- -- take the earring and I whisper to my sister, (whispers) follow along. (whispers) Send Scanlan up. I can feel Scanlan's flute pressing into my buttocks. So I turn to them, and then I start-- I pass the door. I'm gonna go around the corner to that other door. And now I'm going to stab the duergar in the neck. Natural 20, natural 20! (cheering) I'll use my keen dagger, I think. Four plus seven is-- This is a pencil, right? Okay, 11. Where-- how do you make it work? 11. Eight, 13-- Ooh. 66. Okay. Yeah, that's right. So it's the damage plus the sneak attack, double that-- 26. One plus two plus two plus one. I catch the hammer and I start going 'Tink! Tink! Tink!' And wave the two invisible beings into the room. Don't waste my natural 20, Kima. Come on! All right, I'm following after her, tiptoeing after her. Yeah, I speak into my earring and say zubba zubba zubba zubba. I heard the bear and I start sliding my back down along the wall. And I'm stabbing! Stabbing, stabbing! Stabbing. Stabbing duergars, stabbing duergars. I rolled a 15. Okay, so same keen dagger. 32 for me. She went renegade, folks. She's gone renegade. And then she says, okay, I'm gonna dismember the body. Hold on. (laughter) All right. I'm tiptoe-jogging behind Kima. I carefully place a hand on Kima's shoulder, and do a little, sort of, curtsy motion. Allow me, I can-- I say-- (silent) Two words, three syllables. (laughter) There's a door to my left and a door straight ahead, right? Okay, I inch up to the closed door on the left and place my ear to the door and listen. Yeah, natural 20. Okay. Do I sense any kind of-- I'm checking for traps on the door. Trap's perception, right? 26. All right, well, I pull out my picks. And I get a three on that, so-- Aw, yes! Well, I'm tempted to close the door for a moment, but I will press on instead. All right, so I'm going to inch towards that open door ahead of me, see what's around the corner. So, Pike, hold still, please. Well done, there. Yeah, angling your nose forward, all right. All right, I'm gonna start sliding down that hall there, ignoring this other passage, and get up to the door and again place my ear to it. Oh look, there's the front entrance. Are you at the double doors with me? Okay. I'm going to listen at the big wooden doors, and I rolled, oh, not that great. 17. I'm going to try to peer into the door, and I haven't talked about this before, but I'm wearing a cloak of elvenkind, which means I have advantage on stealth, and enemies have disadvantage on spotting me, so I'm going to lean my head in. Do I need to roll for stealth or am I already stealthed? Oh, I'm going to go check it out. I don't know yet, hold on I'm going to try to sense for traps in this room. 14. I'm going to the door, then, I can hear that. Inside the door, inside the door. I'm gonna hold. Waiting. (meows) (laughter) Hey, I'm gonna sneak behind Tiberius and stab that guy. And since Tiberius is there, I can get sneak attack damage, 'cause one of my allies is there-- Do the doors go in or out, that I'm by? In. So I'm just gonna go like this (hinges creak) and throw a dagger and say peek-a-boo at the same time. (laughter) That is a 29 to hit. Okay. Even though my ally is five feet away from him? I thought I remembered that rule. Okay, so that is a nine. And then I'm going to follow-- the nine of damage. And immediately follow up with my other dagger, which also hits. Six. That's a nine. Yeah, bust in. You can't stealth. And now, poop on this bed. I give a couple of pats on Tiberius's shoulder and start to inch down the hall. Just relief. No, I got interrupted. That's a good idea, thanks for the reminder, Percy. Checking for-- I checked for traps before, but I can't remember what I rolled. I'm sure it was successful. 17. Okay, I'm gonna go check out the shiny thing. So say we all. In the darkness, I say, fuck! (laughter) Roll for Deus ex Machina. 13. I'm pulling out my flametongue dagger to try to get a little bit of light in here. I see him, I'm gonna stab, I'm just gonna stab. Yeah, he got me. That hurts. A lot. 23. I'm thinking of the middle finger. 17. What can I do while grappled, nothing until I'm ungrappled? Okay, but then do I have an action once that's done or that's the action? All right, so I'm gonna try to use, I guess athletics is what I would do. Well, that would be acrobatics. 27. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Poison dagger in hand, I roll an 18. Does that hit? I wanna grab him by the calamari and stab him in the eye. (laughter) That's what I did, so-- and then if I'm five feet-- if Kima's there, I can sneak attack according to the rules? All right, so I'm gonna stab him in the eye. One. Plus the sneak attack damage is two, four, ten, 13, 19, 38, plus seven-- 45. With the poison dagger. I don't remember, so it's just a stab. I mean, I would imagine between ungrappling and stabbing, is that it for me? Or do I get my second attack, I don't know? Okay, well I think, go fuck yourself, and stab again. Nine plus-- 19. Other eye, other eye. No sneak attack. Two plus-- eight. I fucking hate these things! Exit the other side of the great hall that we're in. Walking in that door. I'm gonna walk all the way in, all the way in. The right, what do I see? Up or down? Vax is heading back to the group. I do! Vax is following. I kind of parkour past Percy. I'm gonna perception check the room. Which is high. 27. Screw this room. Nine. Yeah, Pike, Pike? There's some sort of religious artifacts over here. Could use your expertise. Don't stab anything. You did say shabang. The music is on. Exiting. I scritch Keyleth behind the ear, but nudge it aside with my toe and exit the room. I did scritch her ears, but I'm going to continue down to the end of the hall. Yeah. I just walk all the way over to the corner, stealthing. It's high, it's 28. What's behind me? And the edge of the map this way? Okay, I'm gonna keep coming this way, stealthing. Yeah. I don't know what's going on back there. I'm just walking around. Screw that. Do I see a door for this room that's still darkened out? Then I'm gonna keep sliding along the wall. Okay. Pressing my hand, just to see if I can check any for traps. 26. I would like to stealth through the door. Good. That's, like, 80 points of damage! I hear that, but I'm still going to poke my head stealthily through the door and see what I see. Do I need a new stealth check or? Okay, great. So that is a 32. Anything good-looking? One. These don't look very good. Before we hurt ourselves any longer, we should-- We need to get to the main event here. Kill this asshole. That's all right. Worth it. This halfling's hot. I was wearing mine earlier today and I only rolled 20s. Only. I'm just sad that you don't call me Whitey. Okay. Let's start. After this game. Do you guys like D&D? What is that? I'm low, yeah, I'm pretty low. I know, I have, I don't have that many left. I'm at, like-- I accidentally erased it, but I believe I'm at 30? I'd like you to sing to me, either in the game or on another day. I'm Vix. Thank you. Ah, let me see how beautiful your song is And please, vaccinate your kids. (laughter) Who needs more than one? Three, okay. Oh, thanks. That's very good. Okay, great, I am almost tip-top condition, thank you. I have a blister. They know we're up there, but Kima needs her stuff, and we need to kind of put an end to this problem. Yeah, they're all upstairs, including the mind flayer who vanished from the room we're in, so I'm sure he told everyone what's going on. But they don't know we've found the secret entrance, so I think we should go-- Vex'ahlia's correct, we should use the stairwell near the secret entrance. Also, Lady Kima, our purpose here was to find you, but your purpose is somewhat greater than our own. What do you suggest we do in this moment? And let me ask you this. We can be on the same page, we can go up and fuck shit up. However, your weapons and armor-- would they be a great help? Should they be our short-term purpose, or should we just go up and try to end this problem? No, Kima is saying this is the main event. Vox Machina, our years are short. Let's make good use of them. There's multiple. Pike leads the diversion group. What if you were a scorpion, with a dragonborn tail sliding around and a gnome on your front leg and a-- We're off the rails, here. I have faith in you, Tiberius. I love it when a good plan comes together. Yeah, that's good, that's good. We have no idea what's up there, but Tiberius has got a plan, I like it. Tiberius, Tiberius. Tibs. Tiberius. Do you intend to go up one of the other stairways? I believe this one by the entrance, the secret entrance we came in, will afford us the element of surprise. Do you think you want to go up one of the others? And make a distraction, right? Your plan is to make a distraction. You're a brave dragonborn. Who's the stealth party, not you, you and me, you. Wait, wait for the inspiration. Don't split the party. We few, we happy few. (laughter) There are rooms up there. Excuse me, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, excuse me Kima, sorry, sorry, All right, my hands are on the door. I'm going to check for traps on this door. I get a 21. Careful, careful, careful. Of course I can, of course I can. I'm going to take care of this, hold on. Yeah, this is thieves' tools, correct? 26. I'm just going to lay my ear on the door and see what I can hear. That is 21. Shuffling, you said? And if I listen for a moment, do I-- does it continue? And it's the only way we can go is through this door, right? We're all smooshed into this hallway-- So I mooshed everyone away from this hall. 23 for Vax. Vax sneaks back to the group and motions Tiberius over, and Keyleth over. One moment, one moment. Lightning, Lightning, who knows Lightning? Do you know the magic of lightning? I've seen you do it before, I've seen you. You know it? Anyone who knows Lightning, I've seen it done on the battlefield with us, person to person to person. Scanlan, you know how to harness the power of electricity. If Scanlan and one of the others does Lightning at the same time and it goes through that line, we could drop them all at once. It's not that noisy, it's not like armor banging around. There's a row of duergar around the corner, they're all in a line like Radio City, we just-- if I can get-- Scanlan, if you-- what about you, Keyleth? Do I remember light-- or do you bring it down from above? Tiberius. You've got six duergar in a row. Is there anything you can do that's-- Wait, you're doing it now? Vax is grabbing the gnome and tossing him out to the right, out here at the front of the group. Vax spanks Tiberius on the tail and says, get ready to deity! Going stealth. Scanlan, Vex. I'm in fact nudging Grog away from this door towards the front towards Tiberius. I don't know, they're not that strong. Vax kicks Grog in the butt and sends him forward. Go help Tiberius! I'm simultaneously checking our door for-- no, I already did. It's unlocked, and untrapped. Never mind. Holy shit. What? Yep. Yep yep yep yep. Vax is quietly moving along the back wall. It is now. I'm moving along the back wall. I want that illithid. 32. It's all right. Heal me, Pike, heal me. Heal me in three minutes, heal me. This is gonna hurt. This is gonna sting. A little less than 55. Wait, I'm doing the rogue thing that I can't remember the name for. LAURA and No, it's something else. Evasion! DM. Evasion, if I make a success I get half-damage, if I fail I get-- If I fail, I get half-damage, if I succeed I get no damage. I think I failed. I got a nine. 21. -- Mama put the coins on my eyes. Okay, I use my bonus action to click my boots of haste together. And I tap-dance over to the illithid, and I'm going to use two daggers to stab him in his eyeballs. First one hits, it's 18. Yeah it is. So I just take my keen dagger and I shove it in his eyeball. 1d4 is two, plus-- 19, 28, plus 36 is the first dagger into his eyeball. Second dagger also hits for a little less, for seven points of fire damage in his other eyeball. I'd like to circulate my hands to kind of carve out the eyeball area. (laughter) Yeah, okay, okay, it's all right. (Grog voice) I would like to go to a whore house. Saving throw, saving throw. Come on, Scanlan, you lucky motherfucker! Roll high. Let it rain! Shit. He's got the iPhone out. Did you say Vex or Vax? Not good. Seven. Can I use Evasion, or-- Uncanny Dodge or Evasion? You did give me some dice. So now I'm at 13, but can I use Evasion or Uncanny Dodge? Evasion is for area effects, Uncanny Dodge is-- All right, Uncanny Dodge. Yeah. Oh, I didn't add any dexterity. I add a 9 to what I got, which means I'm at 22. Yeah, and we halved it to nine. Five? (Tiberius voice) What is the Common word for it? (Yoda voice) 4d8 you would give. We've dealt with this before. (stone Tiberius voice) Please, no! (computer voice) I'm sorry, I can't help you with that, Vex'ahlia. I'm hasted. I'm gonna try to go stealth again from where I am. So I'm stealth, 17-- 30. Okay. I'm going to scuttle along the floor and leap on the back of the basilisk and try to stab it in the eye while looking at the ceiling. Not look at it, no, no. 15 for my first attack. And second time, 19 for the second attack. Okay. Feel for the eyes, stab it with keen dagger-- Four. 11. I only moved ten feet. So who's stone right now? Tiberius and-- wasn't-- aren't two people? I've got Haste on-- If I've got Haste on, can I get to Kima? 'Cause I've got haste boots. Okay, and I use my thumb to slide some of its blood off the blade and drip it onto her eyes. Nobody puts baby in the corner. (laughter) But she's got the basilisk blood in her eyes. I'm Vex. But what about in the game? Grog is a tank. (sings) TPK. TPK. Now go home and get your shine box. (laughter) My boots of haste are on, so I run-- I just dart right around Grog, around that column, up to the queen, while pulling out my keen dagger, I speak my mother's name, kiss the blade and shove it in, right into her collarbone. So that's a two, but I'm gonna use Luck. I get ad-- 20. Because of it, and because Grog's there, this-- Don't get Sneak Attack, all right. Three, ten, then. That's the first attack. And the second one also hits, that's a 29. Is ten. (Grog voice) Wrong direction! Yeah, but Uncanny Dodge! Once a round. Yeah, okay. That really hurts, Grog. You could roll a 20. Do it. Stab him. Who all's stone, it's Tiberius and Kima? Okay. I shout to Percy, come, Tiberius, now! 19. Natural 20. To the two ladies? Vax drops Tiberius' stone ass to the ground and starts feeling to get the mechanism of the door open. Ah, it's hot, it's hot, it's hot! All right, I'm picking up Tiberius' stone butt and continuing-- 12. Vax is unconscious. I am a centimeter away from real death. Are you telling me I'll never compete in the roller derby again? (laughter) Percy, I need Bad News to be my other foot now. Are you sure you guys don't want to send in a bulette, right now? I encourage violence. (laughter)