You were in Connecticut for a week, right? I just wanted to see Travis show his true self. It worked. Unicorn sex? Badges? Like flair. These are sick. Making it rain! He's just leaving El Segundo. Mostly successful. And we've heard of your success before and were hoping you could offer us a little guidance. But you would like to awaken trade with Emon again, yes? Is there anything you can share with us from your encounter back then? It would help. Do you think you simply wore it down or was there some angle you used? What strange powers do you wield? Fetch the gnome! Got to shake off that Burning Man. Percy wishes he created that. What did you roll? What did you roll, Grog? 19. 19. Going to click the boots together and I'm going to slide over this way, between those two windows I'm closest to. Yeah. All the way to the wall. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to dagger and dagger and dagger him. Okay, first one is 24. Second one I'm going to reroll with Luck. Second one-- Balls! It's 16. That's two. That's my second. I've been checking them off. The third one is 24 as well. It was 24, 15 or 16, and 24 again. First and last. Okay. Give me the pyramid and I go and get nine, plus I have advantage so I get sneak attack, so that's nine plus 14, 19, 20, 26, 30-- 36 for the first. 36. That ends my turn. Magic? Six seconds later (screams). (laughter) "I'm all right!" There's a five foot square. Yes, but you're ten feet away though. (Mickey Mouse voice) I'd like to use my bonus action to go earth elemental! There she is. Would you allow me to use my bonus action to go stealth and quietly run over using my hasted speed to get over to my sister behind that stone thingy in the middle of the room? Yes, I'd like to try. Okay. I'll use my last Luck of the day, though. Fine. 29. Okay. I'd like to curve around by my sister and use sharpshooter to throw two daggers as hard as I can at him. That's what I want to do. First one is a 26. 25. And the second one misses, it's a natural one. With sharpshooter. Oh no. 26, 21. This is with dagger of venom and flame tongue. So the flame missed, dagger hit. Excuse me, venom hit. Is it a sneak attack? All right. So it's plus ten because I used sharpshooter. So one, seven plus ten is 17. That's the 20, 23, 27, 32, 37, 40. Do I have five feet of movement left? I'm going to slink right behind the thing so I'm out of range. I didn't hear any of that. That was longer than six seconds. You, sir, have the temperament of a Yalie. (gun firing) Still well-aimed. Take that sword out, man. There's a 20 on the die. Do you see me, angel guy? 22. Who, that golem? Such hassle. Too much hassle. Shove out window, fighting too much hassle. I want to, like a hasted spider monkey, scrabble along the floor really low and flank the thing opposite Keyleth and stab it in any gears I see. I've got wings! First attack is a 17. Second attack misses, it's a natural one. Third attack is a natural one. Oh, it's advantage on all the attacks because I'm flanking? Advantage on all? So the first one was a 17. One more roll for the second is a 13. And then the third attack--holy cow--is a 25. The last one is the Dagger of Venom. It is three plus six is nine plus-- they're right there. What did I say before? Nine plus six, 15, 18, 24, 25, 31, 37, 40 again. I'm going to guess I have a little bit of movement left, and I don't care if he swings at me. I'm going to back into the corner between the hole and the window that's still in one piece. Yeah, all the way to the wall. Yep. Is it disadvantage, though, from Percy? I'll use Uncanny Dodge. 60 points?! With Uncanny Dodge? Get it son! Empire State Building. I'm going to skitter over to my sister and help her up Saving Private Ryan style. Large brass Trapper Keeper. (as Devo'ssa) "I love Night Rider." Thank you. I'm going to cast Lay on Hands through my arm around her shoulder and give her a big five hit points. I'm watching in case I need to catch. Excuse me, but this is poetic justice if I have ever seen it. That is beautiful. That's your jam. Nope! Automatic failure. Sorry, Charlie. I would like to think you could feel my grinning from way down below. Is it spice o'clock? Do you gamble? I don't mean with lives. And also, are you sure you really don't want us nearby? My sister and I can be unseen. I mean I'm ready for the show, man. It's fine. Oh, we didn't see that. What about "Love-a the spice?" I don't doubt you could fit it in, Scanlan. Let's be real, please. 20 of it? Well, can't she keep the cantrip going for about-- I'm babysitting Scanlan at a distance. That went from terrible to great. Yeah. Natural 20. So that's a 35. Got you, Scan-man. If it's any consolation, that was totally adorable. Just wait outside for us; we'll be out in a bit. What's it like outside? You know, maybe go out to the front where the people are. You don't need to be in the back with the dumpster. Does it only work with 20s? These stairs are peopled? Or are they empty other than Scanlan and this other guy? Can I ride my 20 up the stairs? That's fine, 31. I'm still wearing the fancy whites that Percival put over me the other day. You can do anything you want in this place. While he's doing that, I'm pretending to sort of drunkenly lean on the wall outside that door. It's the cinnamon challenge. I place my hand right on his shoulder. I catch it! Grab him by the scruff of the shirt and start leading him back down the stairs. What the fuck is wrong with you? Why are your eyes all bloodshot? What's the matter with you? Is it this? I rolled good, yeah, 19. That tastes terrible. Do I do more? That's good. Maybe I'll do more. Aw, 15. I've wanted to get high with you for so long! This is so cool! You're right. We're in a casino, life is so fucking hard these days, why not? Both of us together, right? All right, here we go. Two. This is so boring. I'm going to get Kiki some fucking elven wine. Come on. And I yank him down the stairs. This is so much fusaka. What is Jarett or anybody going to do with this? I took three hits of this, and it has done nothing. I disappointedly drop the backpack in Scanlan's lap and say Here's your fucking cinnamon, you idiot. It's got to be a natural one. It is hilarious how badly we all want this to be heroin, and it's not. I'm sorry to say that I am watching Scanlan, fascinated. Vex, Vax? Which of us? Yeah, sure, buddy. If you really want to go get revenge, I will get revenge with you, but I think we should call it a loss. 50 gold is a piddly thing. Is that a word? No. You are upset. Let me get you a drink. You want me to go down and get you a drink? I walk over to Scanlan and I squat down and I start play-doh'ing his face in all different shapes, pulling the cheeks out really wide, pulling the nose up as-- If only I had scotch tape. Yeah, and we need to fix Scanlan before-- I've got my pinkies in the sides of Scanlan's mouth. Aw, I feel so bad. I walk up behind him and I start doing like a scalp massage, around the temples. You'll be all right, eat something, okay. Enjoy that allspice. That is sad to hear. The bastards live, you said? And you would know about any dealings that Whitestone would have? That's a bit of a stretch, Grog. Or eat it. Hello there, grandfather. We are looking for a bit of help. We've been told that your knowledge is great and we have some items that defy description. One more time, grandfather. Grymond Trog. It's a pleasure to meet you. That's a very specific number. He's way faster than you. I like that little guy. We are sort of trying to save-- I hear it comes with a gram of spice in every box. Worth it. Eyes up! We have ended two of them, and we want to end them all before they come anywhere near these shores. Step up, Grog. Show him the gloves. We have three of them. I misspoke. We have four. Scanlan, show him your blade. Probably overkill, but I draw back the white that I'm wearing. What of this armor? Can you tell me anything about it? Is that something that any of these would do? Espionage nail wraps! I hate to wear out our welcome, but you said you were spent. Is it possible your friend who scuttled off could have a look at my sister's tea set? I was asking that, yes. You are really uptight about this! Well, I can take us there. Do we want to be genuine and knock on the door? I can't think that it's going to be useful to go sneaking in. We got a full night's sleep, right? I feel like door-knocker. What's your idea? I don't think we should do that. So that Grog doesn't knock over a whole cart. I think you and I should go. Yeah. We're good at it. I pick up Scanlan like a football and walk off with my sister. 25. And nobody's hiding? 27. That was my suggestion, but I thought we came here to watch for a bit. I say to Scanlan, sitting on my shoulders. I think bug. This says five minutes of rat form. Scanlan can go all night long. Do you know why they call her that? There are three of us running in after-- That is true, but we don't know what is in here. Scanlan is still grappling with some sort of depression. We either sit on our asses waiting for this woman, or we go make shit happen. Give my sister and I a minute and then join us. Oh, we left them way behind. You work on the lock. I'm going to go get the rest. I'm going to head back. Thieves' tools. Have I gotten back to the rest? Nice job, ace. What's going on? Scanlan's by the open trapdoor inside? I'm going down the trapdoor carefully. I want to look for traps on the door. Okay, but there could still be. Okay, investigation, right? 19. So I'm still stealthed? I'm going to gently open the door and peer in. 25. I'm going to check her further. 21 on her form. Percival, come here. Perce? This looks like your work. I'll walk over to Scanlan. I'm going in. Trap check! That is a 24. Start climbing up it. I hippety-hop back down.