Those are two you cannot use. Sam's here-- can someone let Sam in? There are no jokes here! Is he cosplaying as Matthew Mercer? What's going on? Yeah, we'll do our weekly shout-out to Wyrmwood gaming. If you go over to Wyrmwood Gaming and put in the code "CRITROLE", you'll get free shipping, and also, over at Wyrmwood Gaming, they're doing a Valentine's Day Lottery, where you're getting a mystery box for a lower rate? I dunno, look at the rules, I don't want to mess it up. But your dork dollars will go farther if you go over there this week. Happy Valentine's Day! So sad. No, I can smell it on you now! No! I think that they would leave the center of the city, at least to the edges, if not try to get out, though that might be foolish. We've never used it, but they described it to us when they brought us here the first day. We need to see if Uriel is still alive. He was alone before it all happened. That's smart. Lady Allura, what do you know of Marquet? You said that they successfully repulsed him. Oh. Well, she has Drake with her. Does Thordak have any offspring? And I do have this-- pulling the brooch off-- this would mask your true nature, somewhat. No, he's the little guy next to Jabba! (cackling laughter) We need to find Uriel. We need to go in-- all these are the next step-- we need to see-- we have sacrificed a lot to save Uriel before, we're not just going to leave him in the city! We need to find the tunnel under this keep, go in there, see who's left, and get them out! That's not a bad point. It's possible they might not have been working in conjunction with each other. They could have been on their own, all of them, or all together, I don't know. Well, if we go now, we have the benefit of darkness in the city. I'm not saying that, I'm weighing our options. If we go now, we can go under the cover of night, but we're going to be exhausted. Well, let's lie down and take a nap. And last week, you said that Vex couldn't sense the other three. Might as well. He could have gone to the harbor. He could have fled through the tunnels we don't even know about. I agree. And if he did not make it, we still go to his shop. Use whatever's left. It's what Gilmore would want. (laughing) I should probably rest. They're expecting-- Thordak is expecting to sit on us like a bunch of eggs in a basket. We're fine for the night, we go tomorrow. We don't even know where the tunnel is. We need to find an entrance to said tunnel. What are you waiting for? (laughter) Yeah. Look at that big pouty bottom lip. Go get that. (laughter) I just saw 100 pictures drawn in a instant. (laughter) Okay, at the bottom of the ladder, because she's right behind me. You know, you never cease to impress me. 25. Smells like jerky. (laughter) Okay, I will crack it an inch and look through. Is there enough room to get my hand through to the other side? I'm double-jointed, Matt. All right, so, I can feel a lock there? All right, I'm going to one-hand pick this lock. That's 30. Come on up. It wasn't even locked. I've got it. I've got it. What about a wolverine or a badger? The long way, the slow way, the careful way. Stealthy. I'm hanging up on you. I still love you, but I'm going to hang up. 25. What? 35, then, motherfuckers. (robot voice) Hello, I am Pike. I am happy to be here. Ashley rolled a four. She texted me. They've been here for eight hours at least. They're gone. Yeah! Mixing it up! He's trying to get us to join scientology, that's all. (laughter) Did you all make it? What's left? What was your name again? Garthok. What of the Spirelings? What of the leaders of the Clasp? We've come here looking for survivors. We don't intend to stay long. You are welcome to come with us. Wait, show me your brand. It's a pretty big organization. Maybe. Maybe. We need to get to Gilmore's Glorious Goods. Do you know where that is? Underground? Building to building. Is that a dice game? I think it is probably equal to this. We've been burned before, Grog. This was going to happen whether we wanted it to or not. Big if, big man. I stop stealthing and walk right into it and start shouting, (shouting) get the fuck out of here! Get out! Move on now! Now! Now! I'll fucking gut you like a fish-- --and take your innards-- -- out your mouth. I will not! Fireball straight into the sky! 12. I'll try! It will sink in in a few episodes. It's fine. There's so many rules, guys! Slap-a the mace. I'm going to use Uncanny Dodge-- No! It doesn't hit because I've got both daggers out. I have three armor classes depending on if my boots are on or my daggers are in my hands. Okay, so, I'm going to take the Dagger of Life-Stealing and I'm going to stab the person closer to you, yeah? So that's a 23. So we'll do that first. That is 11. No, that's ten. Ten. And then I'm going to use disengage as my bonus action and I'm going to pivot, roll around Grog along the south side of him, and spin around and stick the Keen Dagger into the neck of the guy behind him. I'm going to use Luck. That's better. And that is 24. That's sneak attack. 11 plus this. No. So two attacks? Oh, then I'm out. All right, I'm out. Yeah, I'll use disengage and I'm going to back up against Grog. Back-to-back with the big man. Uh, not really. Only if it's a one. Thank you, Pike. You're playing jazz, man. He's gone. It was my turn in initiative, so I want to walk over to him. You're coming with me. I lift him up and I'm leading him off around the corner of a building. Nothing. Pick up some shit from the ground and prop it up against him, a couple of pieces, not bury him, just hide him a bit. And then I walk back to the group and I start picking shit up around where my sister is. Looters? I hear her yelling and wander up as well. You've got a happy dwarf standing-- Oh, advantage, all right. Well, that's better. 22. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. That's a 13, 16, that's still spinning, (counting), 26. 26 total. No, so, uh, okay, so-- Yeah, it would be 40-something. Did you see him fall? I run over, I run over. Is he awake? Is he alive? I've got my hand under his chin. Is he alive? I pull him in. Pike, Pike, Pike! Keyleth! Come over here! It's going to be all right. Pike is here, it's going to be all right, it's going to be all right. Gil? Is there any consciousness? I pull him into my lap, and hold onto him. I think so, I think so. Smoothing his hair out. Hey. Hey. Bad day, huh? Give it time. Can you do anything? You've certainly earned your name today. Did you see any others from the Council? Anyone else? He's ripped the heart out of this city. Let's go. Doesn't sound like a weak spot. I'm under, too, I'm helping him up. I don't want to go, but I'm not leaving you. And I hoist Gilmore onto Keyleth. I'm not happy. I'm not leaving you. Splitting off? I have to go. I pull away and go. 42. 11. I rolled a 22 for traps. Are we really going to scrabble about in the mud for coin today? Scanlan. We should go back to the Keep. This is a waste of our time. I understand, and it was not a bad idea, but this place has been cleared out, let's-- Wait wait wait. I'm sorry, one second. You know, you're very charming, but you're a fucking weirdo. And I climb up after my sister stealthily and follow. I got a natural 20 on my stealth. A hand shoots out of the darkness and grabs Scanlan by the nose and tugs him off. Could you say that again with your nose pinched? "But my elbow really hurts!" (laughter)