Hi, I'm Liam O'Brien. I'm playing Vax'ildan. This one's twin. We're half-elven twins. I started playing D&D when I was 13 and I can't believe this is happening. So cheers. Cheers to this. Remind us. Did we bullshit our way in here, or did-- Yes, you're getting ahead of yourself. Let's look around. Are there any dwarves in the vicinity? Tiberius, make with the dwarf-talk, please. This is Common? That's all she does. It's a nervous tic, really. How high is the ceiling here? Can Grog fit in here? I take a sack of gold out of my own pocket, slam it down on the table-- Gentlemens and ladies. Ladies and gentlemen, we are traveling from far away. We just arrived from Emon. We are fascinated to see your underground city and to celebrate the occasion I would like to buy every dwarf in here a round. Bartender! Let it rain! (cheering) I'll need your largest bowl of ale for this one here. We're pretty flush, I think we can handle it. Sorry. Our Dwarvish is a little thick. Near the--? Save it for a rainy day. Adra, may I ask, obviously we have no dwarves in our little party. Sorry, about that. You're very welcoming. We appreciate that. How welcoming would you say the city is to outsiders? Would we stick out like a sore thumb? We're not really interested in that. We just want to see the city. Our business is elsewhere. Sounds like a dirty business, anyway. Nostoc. Enjoy, gentlemen! And lady. First die rolling. Nice! Yes. I don't think we should try to go directly to the mines and find Nostoc. No, I think maybe we should enlist the help of a dwarf here in the city to introduce us to Nostoc. I mean, we're not trying to raise hell, or bring down a thousand dwarves upon us. You're the connoisseur. Steady as she goes, ladies. I disagree, heat it up. Pay the dwarf. We'll check out the house. Sure, you can come with us. Just a moment. Pike, you seem very distant. It's very strange, are you all right? Well, the cleric's away, the bard shall play. Oh, Percy is wonderful with calligraphy; you've shown me. Yeah, we'll pretend to take a stroll. Pose as a married couple. Just for the purposes of sneaking around the house. I want to see what the area's like. You come on to every human, orc, and half-elf in the entire kingdom, but pretending to be my wife for 30 minutes is too much. You're probably right. Okay. So we'll take a stroll. Shop, see what the area's like. Okay. Yes. No, we just want to look at the house. I mean we're not going to go sneaking in in the day. Yes. The architecture is divine. Lovey, would you look at this dwarven home? We definitely are visitors here, sir, no one has explained the rules to your city. We were just taking in the fantastic architecture and history of Kraghammer. Come along Trinket, there there's nothing to be scared of. He's completely trained. He does tricks. Doesn't he do tricks? He's a sweetheart, he's fine. It's stunning. We only heard about the building itself; what can you tell us about the people who live here? Not liked by the rest of the city, then? Nor us. We prefer the company of good hard working people, like yourself. We're very impressed with the work the Carvers do in this city, from what little we've seen so far, so hats off to you. Thank you. We follow for a couple of blocks, behind them for a bit. Yes. -- split off, yes, we can split off. Are you making a sex check? 20. I wave off from the alley that I snuck in to. You do your shit, that you do! Then I head back through the shadows. You don't know what's going on there! I've just arrived to New York City, I'm going to smash the doors open. Yes? Just going to watch, that's all. Do I see any security details? See who's guarding the place. No Carvers or any sort of guard detail outside the house? Anything like that? Okay. Heavily heavily guarded by the looks of what's inside and what's outside the gate? Okay, I'm going to head back to the inn, then. I'm not going to poke the bear. Hickies? Is that a Gnomish STD? I definitely think we should take the diplomacy route. The place is heavily guarded. There seem to be lots of Carvers. I followed my sister downstairs. I'm pushing my way through the crowd. A one. First one of the series, everybody! First one! In the fog I somersault over some random dwarf and pull out my dagger, but turn it around in my hand and whack Balgus in the back of the head as hard as I can, just to try and knock him out. Low light. Oh, thank you. 21. No. Oh, that's no good. Oh, I have advantage on the attack roll for this? That's much better. 26! Plus regular? 27, right in the base of his skull. Fuck! Bonus action to disengage. Disengage as a rogue. Oh no. All right. Oh, that's fine! That's a 30. Yeah. Look at that, a fucking bear dance. I beeline to the bar and say A large mug of ale, please. As soon as it's ready, bring it right over to Balgus. I can fix this! Quickly? Looking for Balgus in the crowd. Arm around his shoulder. Take this! You are an impressive specimen, my good man. I have never had a fight that amazing in at least a week. That was something to see. Here, take this, and after this one there's three more. Yeah! Persuasion, you say? 15. Oh! 15. I grab a half a mug of ale off the table and say, "Dwarven compatriots, we could not have "expected a better welcome here in Kraghammer! We'll see you tomorrow night for round two. Thank "you, one and all." It's just a misunderstanding. I'm sure he's a lovely gentleman. That's all right. Neither of us need a blanket now. Maybe we should-- go ahead, I'm sorry. Perhaps we should all go to bed, and the humans back in North Hollywood should take a pee break. At some point. You. You, and you and you and you and me. Never entirely welcome in the company of elves or men, Vax'ildan learned at a young age to skip past formality, preferring instead to invite himself in your door. Along with twin sister Vex'ahlia, Vax was born by a chance encounter between elven royalty and human peasantry. Raised by their mother in their early years, the twins were eventually sent off to their father in the elven capital of Syngorn. But their cool reception among the elves there never warmed, and their time in the capital didn't last. The siblings stole away one autumn night and set out on the open road. After a few years of wandering, they eventually decided to return to their mother, and journeyed back to the lands of their youth. But instead of finding their childhood home, they returned to a pile of rubble. Their mother was gone, their home burned to ash. Pressing the townspeople for answers, they learned of the day the dragon came. With their ties all severed, Vax'ildan and his sister set out to find their fortune together in Tal'Dorei. An outsider since birth, Vax quickly learned to solve life's challenges in his own particular way, often by sidestepping them entirely. And when his knack for circumventing adversity isn't enough, the way of blades the elves schooled him in more than makes up the difference. I want a traditional dwarven breakfast. What is going on? As you can see, we brought one of your citizens with us to show us a tour of the city. On our father's good name, we will bring you some of this. That is a promise. Scanlan perhaps a little ditty on strings will ease our introduction. As well as our dwarven compatriot to introduce us. I think he's still listening. To what end?! We all do. Matt, I have one of the earrings, and I say Scanlan, what exactly is the purpose for this little escapade, and will it be ending shortly? I would like to stress again that none of these dwarves are our enemies, at all. We just want to go have some words with Greyspine. Well, we do, but she's very distracted, and is not feeling herself. She's feeling awfully BAFTA today, so. Let's go get this drunk dwarf! Let's just do this directly, I think. In her defense, they probably don't see flowers too often. It's a nice touch. Okay, work your magic. I give Vex a little push forward. Tap that motherfucker! We've come to correct the wrongs that she's done and come to bring her home. We are here to right wrongs and I promise you, our business is finding her and returning home." While he is talking I take a flask out of my cloak and approach the barrel and surreptitiously pour a little bit of it into the flask. 13. I carry the flask up to his cup and refill it and say In my kingdom when a deal is set we drink together. I would like, not much, but to pour us all a drink and agree, surely this cask is weeks' worth of drink-- I can see it is a cultural difference, my apologies. You're one to talk! I throw a dagger. It's six with the plus. It was a sudden attack, man. (sings) Decapitation! My sister's right in the face of the ogre, correct? Excellent. I'm going to take a run towards my sister, since she's right close to him, he's distracted so I'm going to turn just as I get to her, so my back presses against hers and swing around and sneak attack two daggers up in his belly. All right. One. Then the other one I do a poison dagger, gets a (singing) 20! That is dagger of venom, 1d4. Three, plus two is five, and then is the sneak attack damage go with--? Critical hit, too, as well, wouldn't it? Five, plus- and the double goes to the sneak attack damage? Nine, 15-- So 30 plus five, 35. Plus poison. I'm running right now diagonally towards the wall and I press against the wall. Okay, I start jogging backwards. Can I sneak attack while prone? Okay, so that means one throw instead of two? All right. I feel so inspired by Scanlan's bardic tunes-- Okay, 19 plus 11 is 30. Yeah. Oh, yeah. The other one, the other one is a 16 plus, plus-- is a 26. I meant to say I was aiming at its eye, the main head's eye. All right, four. (counting) 20. 20 times--is 40 plus four. 44, that's the first dagger? 44. That's just one. Four plus two is six. Is that sneak attack? No. Okay. Just a reminder the daggers, folks, blink back to the belt on my waist. It's gone. For the people at home, we live to hear Matt say