Skeletor! Mine! Skeletor. Mine! I've heard of that. Here's a cardboard box, please put all your things in it. Yeah, we could have done that ages ago. Also, many of the shops that can do that kind of thing are destroyed, so-- Also, I believe I was first to the pile. I was looking for what weapons there are and I also want to watch her, very closely, with everything she does. (singing) Ducktales! Woo-ooo! With a swimming speed of 40 in gold. Ten. 15's fair. We put in a lot of work. If you wanna do more, you can tell the children of Westruun, personally-- "Oh! This one's nice!" Isn't Quall's Hunk just for Quall's stuff? Or is it for everything? I thought it was just for his special stuff. That really seems right up your alley, buddy, but I think-- Bored, Vax starts tossing gold coins off of Grog's junk while it's on there. They're very small. There are smarter people than us. This is special. This is like the Grognak comic book in Fallout, is what this is. They're no good for me, but I think last week you said something about spears or javelins or something? There any shortswords in the pile? I'm going to scoop them up Yeah! Chicken! I'm okay. Oh, hey, by the way. Take your fucking shoes off and give them back to me. Yeah, give them to me or I'll just take them while you're sleeping, easily. So fucking easily. Keep your boots, then. See if they're there in the morning. So in the middle of the night, I'd like to swing by the kitchen-- Okay. I go by the kitchen and I get a mug of water and some spices. Just some various, simple stuff-- I'd like to sneak into my sister's room. I'd like to check the door for traps. It's not very high. Oh, no, yes it is. It's a 20. Okay, I'd like to pick that lock. 30. You're sleeping. All right, 30 on the trap. On the lock, yeah-- I'd like to sneak in. Protecting her feet, right? That was the command. I walk in. They're not on her feet. I want nothing to do with her feet, guys, I just want those shoes that she's hugging. You said you were hugging them up here like this. Like how? Like Cirque du Soleil? With your feet here? That's what you said! Okay, guys, this is a little bit of family trouble, just give me a minute. And I leap on top of her, I take the cup of water and I splash it in her face and I throw flour on her face like that! Give me my boots! Give me my boots! You give me my damn boots! (laughter) I don't get to roll?! No dexterity, no nothing?! I left her feet alone! Yeah, okay. (laughter) Give me my boots, you greedy shitbird. I want them now. I don't trust you as far as I can throw you. I want you to-- just keep holding me up, guys. I want you to put them on my feet now. I gave up my life for you. I will have my shoes. Please. We should cap 'em, right boys? I assume they have both sets of parts, actually-- Waiting. Sure you are. I could rescind my deal with an all-powerful deity and let you fall to the ground or you could hear about my personals. What's your choice? Give me my fucking boots! No, I can't because they're holding me around the arms-- Ask her. (laughs) I love you, but you are a terrible person. And I walk out the door. Did you just cannonball away? We all do it, we all do it. On a side note, I have an earring as well and I heard everyone go down into the hot springs so I went back to the kitchen and got some of that chicken sorbet that they make here. And I went back to my sister's room and I pulled the blanket down and I just smeared it all along the inside of the bed. And then I bring up the blanket and tuck it in nice. It looks perfect. Goodnight boy-girls. Here come the artists! For science! Here comes the bellyflop-- Is the judging of this up to artistic interpretation, like ice skating? (snoring) He needs it! Those gems are going to turn into lead, aren't they? You smell like chicken. Yeah, we've got to get out of this mansion. That was one of the best exchanges of our entire run! Oh my goodness. Beer. Send beer, is fine. I'm all right with that. (laughter) I think Keyleth should read it. She's trying to lead her people. That's a big fat pause, is what that is. Set that dial back to 39. Between Grog and Scanlan, we can solve any problem, I think, so beef him up, so to speak. I'll just say that I've attuned to all my old shit while everyone was swimming. I would just think that meant you love me. Uh, that is a 39. 17 plus perception is-- did I get it wrong? Am I too tired? I've had a long day, people. Let's say 29. Yeah. No, I like it. It's fine! I don't know what you're thinking. It's beautiful. Have to avoid that old magic. We have somebody who can do that-- And I said, bitch! No one at the moment. I took it off. Of course I have the circlet, yeah, but-- Sure. I take my sister, put my hand over her mouth, and I drag her back about 30 feet. Is it just the remainder of the herd? Herd leader! We trust you will leave something in that cave for the people of this town. Something to help them recover. Prosperity on your family. He meant well. I'm going to go take like five minutes. I'm going to kneel down and sort of meditate in front of one of the pyres. Dead dwarf? I'm taking a moment to pay my respects to the dead. I know that guy! (cheers) It's a huge question, yes. What do you think, personally? What is this small group that you're leading? What's your plan? Kerr, do you have a sense of how many people are left in the city, roughly? Yeah, they might not believe we'd be here, but they also might try to-- What about the sewers? We could help with that. There's Whitestone. Ever been to Vasselheim? Can't they have sentries and a shelter in the sewers? They could clear out part of it and have sentries every night, and any time a dragon comes, they just go underground and wait. Wait it out. He's going to slow us down. Oh, Quall, we didn't know where you were, we couldn't find you, we left it with Wilhand. Sorry, buddy. Can we steer them away from the area where we ran into those basilisks? Do I remember where he is? I head off that way. I bring him back here. Yes, I'm sure you were. That's okay. The Chroma Conclave sends its regards! (laughter) I actually spent the night in a field with Reginald. That's your brain, man. I sat next to his body, waiting for people to come back, they never did. I piled some of Keyleth's flowers on his chest, and then I fell asleep, in the field, six feet away from him. Party! Yeah, well. I don't know. I don't know what I thought, but that's what I did. I wanted some space. Getting a good night's sleep on a field of grass. How are you doing? You need some water? Can you make some? Just nail a sock on the side of it, it'll be great. (laughter) Percival's suggesting letting them live here, building something for them underground-- Rather than running. Exactly. You are genuine. I think we give them a choice. But I think, Pike, I think it's a good idea. I think you present the idea of staying and getting word to the people in Kymal that some of their loved ones are still here, still living. The dragon is dead. Summon them back to rebuild. Is Kymal bigger or smaller than Westruun? They're better off in Westruun. We're at wartime. The people can live underground. For now. Otherwise, what else are we fighting for? As all that starts to wind down, I ask my sister to point me towards Reginald's daughter. The one with the nice hair? I seek her out in the crowd. Excuse me, young miss. I'm sorry. We haven't spoken, but you spoke to my friends. You spoke to my sister. My sister looks very much-- I know the news they delivered to you. I am so sorry for your loss. Your father was very brave at the end. Impressively so, and I want you to know that. I've also recovered his body, and I thought to add him to the pyres that this city did outside the city, but I thought maybe you had a family plot or somewhere you'd prefer him to be laid to rest. I'll gladly take him there for you, or take him with you. Whatever you prefer. To lose a parent before their time is no easy thing. I'm very sorry for you. That he did. I linger for a bit. (kid voice) That's a octopus! Two old dudes. I think your nitty-gritty might be different from somebody else's nitty-gritty. (laughter) Shove that dingleberry in there. Something I wanted to do last night. In all the hubbub that's going on in Westruun, I spend some time to find my sister, and I wanted to stealth up on her. 20. Stubby! And I pull her into a big fat hug. Your hair looks like shit, sit down. I start braiding it. Elaina would be proud of you. I'm proud of you. Saved my life again. I crawled out through an arrow hole. There's a bit of chicken here. One day at a time, right? There. I have to go to Vasselheim. I have to go to Vasselheim now, and I will go on my own if I have to. I'm not done with her. I have to go now. Whether it's just me-- Pike, I would be grateful if you would go with me. I don't think that this is somewhere that you can go with me. Yes, you can go to Vasselheim, but what I have to do there, I don't want you to have any part of it. Just this. Just this one thing. I need you. I take her by the hand and I pull her further away. Much further away. Did the others tell you what happened in the tomb? In the sunken tomb? I have been avoiding you. Percival-- There was a trap, and Vex'ahlia-- I almost lost Vex'ahlia, and a woman appeared. Not a woman. A god appeared. She appeared, and I did something. I tried to save my sister. I did something stupid. I tried to bargain. I didn't even fucking want the armor that I'm wearing right now! I didn't want it. I don't think I've ever told you how much I admire you. I always have. You have a kindness about you that comes with such ease and honesty. You have always carried a light. Her light. I think, you know, I admire everyone in our band of misfit toys, but you most of all, and when you left, we all noticed its absence. All of us. I think I wanted to find it again for myself. Hers. Your benefactor. I felt Her, and I told myself that when you came back, I was going to come to you and I was going to learn from you, and follow you and follow Her. As soon as you came back. And like so many things that I reach for in this life, it slipped through my fingers, and I've gone and painted myself into a corner. I can't anymore. And I think when I saw you, it was just a reminder of what I lost. I'm sorry for avoiding you. Well, the bottom line is I couldn't walk away if I wanted to, because I know that I would lose my sister. But I don't want to anymore. We've all been close to death, all of us, and now I'm just a little bit closer. It took me a bit, but maybe we're not meant to be happy. I don't know. Well, I don't know. But I know that I can be of use. I was. I'm doing better. It would help if you stayed around. I was all kinds of fucked up a couple of weeks ago. Ish. Okay. I'm going to Vasselheim. You can go. I can catch up. It's the only bastion of standing civilization left. Hey, you had two hours to beat the shit out of a goliath! Sit tight, buddy. Catch phrase! Catch phrase! Meme! Tweet tweet tweet! I'm actually scared shitless, and I would like Pike and you to go with me. I would like my sister not to go anywhere near her. That's what I would like, and that's it. You and Pike. I did. Hey, I'd like to go to Vasselheim, Pike. Keyleth, can you open up a hole in a tree? We can go quick. Everyone can go to Vasselheim. There's just a specific place in Vasselheim that I need to go. And I love you, but I just don't want you to be a part of it. You either hang out with Grog, or stay outside, okay? Okay.