Was that amazing, or was that amazing? I've never seen anything like that, at all! Cheers to you, big man. This episode of Critical Role brought to you by Mott's! We tried that. It didn't work. Can they make me unsee my sister's boobies? Listen, I was right there. There was no other way around that situation. I have no idea what's going on. Look at that, he slipped right into Mercer there. 6.2, 6.4, 6.5. But in the back of his head, he hears your voice. We all do, at this point. The Earthbreaker is a fan. Check your facts, buddy. He likes the cut of his jib, believe you me. Is he going on his own, then? I'm sorry, we've been daytime drinking, and I hate to interrupt that, do you have a place here if I can't-- Are you sure? Is that the end of that? It's fine. (whispering) I've got a flask. (whispers) We're not here. He sounded very serious. Better be safe. Just a little one. LAURA and Since I came in at the halfway mark, I really wanted to go to an ink specialist here in Vasselheim before we left, so can we retcon and go backwards and say that I got the elven sounds for "vuh" and "mm" put right there? Elven. And then over here, I don't remember much of the mathematics, that my teachers in our homeland-- No, that's ridiculous. But over here, I have a mathematical shape. I don't know if you know arithmetic, but I learned arithmetic when I was studying. I learned knife-work, I learned elven poetry, and I learned arithmetic and I had a knack for it. She didn't, but I did. And I would like to get a-- it was called an icosahedron-- right here. Right here. This is real life. But to start-- Just me, the symbol for "vuh" and "mm" in Elven right there. All right. That's pronounced Coke and a cola. I walk right through it and say, Tiberius, where are we going? I mean, we just did this. It wasn't too long ago. All right, Vax pulls it over and starts filling it out and says, all right, but you know, we're kind of a big deal here-- I've got it, Burt. Just because you didn't like paperwork, or Elven, doesn't mean I don't. I've got it. But Uriel's not going to be pleased. But don't worry, I'll do it. Vax fills out the entire thing, except for the final signature, and says, Scanlan, could you put the final signature on this? That works, too. That wasn't there before-- Is he talking to Vex? Are they talking together? How close are they? Four feet apart? I flip a dagger in my hand and I go (impact noise) to the back of his head, is what I do. Yeah. I did it. It's done. Don't worry. I'm using the flat end. Oh, good. That's a 17. Plus a high number. Yeah. Yeah, but it's the back end of the dagger, all right? The boy needs a lesson. This is not a life for a child. Okay, that's good. 28 on the sneak attack damage only. Oh, times two. So that's-- No, he's not. It's 56. Just the sneak attack damage alone. That's ten. 66 damage, yeah. With my bonus action, I pull out one of my remaining healing potions, right? And I shove it in his mouth like this, and it'll go glug-glug-glug down him. I take him by the lapels. Things move very fast with us. I don't think you understand what you're asking for. If you think you can handle that-- Illithid, all right? Beholders. Large white dragons. I know it's cool to see her flash her boobs and this one sing a song. It's all excitement and craziness and all the rock and roll that the kids are talking about. But listen to me. It's dangerous. You could die any given day. So could I, so could she, so could him. Maybe not him, but the rest of us, sure. Are you really interested in this? Tough love. That's called tough love. It's not bad. That's a ten plus-- can somebody pass me that shit over there? 16. Tell me your name again. Kynan! Kynan. Come back when you're ready. Come back when you're ready. Come back again. Train yourself, and I, personally, will be your mentor. What's my persuasion? Oh, you passed it down. All right. I make a seven. I'm going to use Luck! It's a 20 on that one! Yes. I do. You will be my right-hand man. I promise. I walk over to him. These people can't hear this. I kneel down next to him, and I put my hand on his shoulder and say, I was once like you and didn't know what I wanted or where I was going. I just want you to be ready. We've got some shit to do. When we come back, we'll start over. You're starting from ground zero. Starting from the basement, you'll work your way up. And I promise, I will be ready for you no matter what Mercer throws at me. I promise. Don't question it. And I take him by the hair. Don't question it. Come back. Right on his forehead. To go home and train? We almost died ourselves in that temple, in that pyramid. So we should have made him a full-fledged member today, right now? Make him a butler? He doesn't want to do that. He wasn't ready! He now knows the facts. He knows his skill level. He knows where he stands. He will either go back to being a fishmonger-- Son of a butcher, well. Everyone has their own personal path. Or he will come back to me, and if he comes back to me, I will train him. If not, it wasn't meant to be. I'll deal with that, as well. Yes, Tiberius? Do me a favor. Roll up his tent, keep it inside. If he comes back to ask for it-- Did he leave anything? If he comes back, let him in. If I'm not here, let him use my room for as long as he likes, and I'll pay for it. No, I feel perfectly justified. Would we be able to see, as well? I'm raising my flask, and I say To Pike. The best in all of us. The fancy clothes in the bag. We'll be there. Thank you. So, Percy, do you want to strike off in a random direction and just go and go and go?