Yes, I have two announcements. One, Sam and I have returned to the podcasting scene and released a new episode of All Work No Play. It's been an eight-month hiatus, so that's out; you find that on iTunes and elsewhere, but even bigger than that, I wanted to announce the show's partnership with Wyrmwood Gaming. We are now all using gorgeous custom-made Wyrmwood boxes with character names etched in and all that. They're gorgeous. And if anyone heads over to wyrmwoodgaming.com and uses the coupon code CritRole, then you will get a discount on any purchases you make there from here into perpetuity-- that's not true at all. As long as we're having a good time with Wyrmwood. So thank you, Wyrmwood, for the boxes, and everybody please go check them out. CritRole. I want to lick mine and make love to it all night long. This is the darkest ebony they have. It's all good. I'll take this. You've got to swear. I'm the Dread Pirate Roberts, and I will most likely kill you in the morning-- or myself, because this is actually very sharp Liam doesn't know how to use knives or swords at all. How about that costume, ladies and gentlemen? He's a full-size action figure. You say they. Not quite how I remember it. I'm having a real hard time roleplaying right now. I am not going to look at that table at all tonight. All auditory for you three. Sorry. I think we need to find a place to lay low. Not here, not where we've been. Somewhere else. I think we need to scope out another place. Yeah, we'll go down to the tree and we'll make it look like no one's ever tunneled down there before. (giggles) You know the situation is very dire, I don't know why I'm laughing, it's a nervous habit. I'm sorry. So Percival, spill your guts. What the fuck is going on? You didn't look surprised when that happened. What the fuck is it? What is it, Percival? What is it? Well, we're clearly not talking about a dream anymore. We all saw it. Do you have any theories? It matters now. I don't understand. We've killed with reason. None of us debate that the Briarwoods and their circle should be allowed to go on. We all understand what they're capable of. We all understand that they need to be removed. But what we just saw goes beyond, and you're telling us that this is going to continue after the Briarwoods and their like are gone. What are we to look forward to, Percival? Where are we going? Stretching a little thin right now, Percy. I want to talk about a plan, because our desires are in lockstep up to a point. Once we have gotten rid of the last of them, I want to know what happens then, Percival. And here's the thing. There's a thing. There it is, right there. Here's the thing. Your chances of succeeding here alone are pretty fucking slim. And if you want us all to work with you, you can't go from door to door, bringing wrath and ruin the way you just did, or you won't have our assistance. Not all of us. This is a city oppressed. These people did not invite it upon themselves. These people don't want to exchange one warlord for another. We need to maybe dial it back a tick or two. You think we're going to win them over by showing them how disgusting we are? No. I mean the civilians here. Of course, but we're trying to win them over, and if we're showing that we're ripping out their tongues and pulling their ears off and flaying their balls, they're going to be just as scared of us as they are of the Briarwoods. Yes I've a thought that at night, obviously, these streets are full of dead things. Tomorrow, the Briarwoods and the people that work for them are going to start pulling people out of their houses and telling them to look for us or anyone who's not from this city, so I don't think that the beggar routine is going to work for much longer. Of course, but if you want to talk to people, I think we could probably get away with poking about first thing in the morning and that's it. So we should probably get up early. I mean, I raised my hand before, but that's all right. I'll get some sleep. While Percival is sleeping, I pull Grog over and we look at him for a while, and I say, where do you think the smoke comes out of? Do you think it's the nostrils? Yeah, that's right. It could just be his pores. You're right, it's probably-- I wake up my sister. There's fog or something. What's going on? Do that thing again. You can tell when stuff's around. Yes, Wyrmwood Gaming, check them out. Beautiful boxes. 18. 18. (sings) Let's do this. You're so intimidating in that costume. Well, that hits, but I'm going to use Uncanny Dodge. Yeah, by half. Is the half? Nope. (sings) It's my dice in a box. MARISHA and Be honest, the karma will come back to you. All right, there is one vampire right in front of me, right? The one who hurt me. But I'm looking past his head at the one next to Grog, the one that's got a blade down there on the map. No, the other one. Yeah, I think I've got a pretty good shot at him. I'm going to ignore the vampire in front of me and since Grog is right up against that guy, I'm going to sneak attack him and go (daggers flying) Oh no, first I'm going to go click with my heels, and then I'm going to (daggers flying). It's all right. It's a 19. The second is a 28. And the third is a 21. All three hit? I don't remember. Okay, so the first one is the sneak attack, and that one gets-- oh, I should be using the Wyrmwood box. Eight plus 12, 15, 18, 25. 25 for the first one. And for the second dagger that sinks into his head, that is eight. And for the third one that sinks into his fanged fucking face, that is nine. Yeah, actually I'm going to-- no. nope. I'm good. It's so hard to roleplay tonight. Pull that shit out. Next weapon. Yeah, that works. What is the bonus for that hat? Go for the ear. It's a one. Let's be clear, that was the shitty plastic die, not the Wyrmwood Box. Come on, don't do that again. You're my sister. You're acting like you're botoxed. It's the mustache. TRAVIS, TALIESIN, and Let me break the fourth wall just for a second to say that this game is totally fucked. Oh, that's so Ravenloft. (laughter) No, I'm not. I'm going to hold for a turn. There is no difference between our old home game and this. Right, yeah, I'm good now. So the vampire is still in front of me, right? I give him a look like, yeah, go fuck yourself, and then I keep throwing at the other guy who's with Grog still, right? All right, then I'll handle the guy up front. I'm going to go for his guts. I'm going to go low. One, two, three right in his guts. First attack. Hit, way hits; that's a 30. And the second attack is a 24, and the third attack is a 17. Okay, they do. That's 11 for the first and eight for the second and eight for the third. Right in his vampire guts. And the last thing I say is, vampires ain't shit. (laughter) Nah. So what? So does Scanlan's mustache. This is our least serious episode ever. We cannot wear costumes but once a year. They're all still here. They're taking hits. Real vampires. Oh my goodness. It's the third one. Your mustache is almost down to your chin for a goatee. But his singing skill makes it very bassy and full. Oh, there is no gnome like our gnome. Oh my gods. He just rolled a die. Here's what we're going to do. I've got one silver piece right here. I'm going to flip it. It was a goatee a scant five hours ago. Now it is an Errol Flynn mustache. Thank you. We'll discuss it at break. I'm going to flip this coin because that's all we fucking got. If it's a 20, we're gonna stay here. If it's a one, we're going to find another place. It's still night, though. We've had a short rest. We've got to get out of here. They know we're here. You're a badass. As opposed to down here in the hole? That's fine. When you went down that cavern that one time, that worked out really well. So let's do what she says. That's very open to interpretation. Back and to the left. And bear farts. Hello, my half-elven brothers. (shushing noises) Jeralt is speaking. I haven't played that game, but is your name Solid Snake? The cube? 17. I didn't suffer from this, but permanently lowered health? Scanlan, I think you and I going to go see how people are feeling in the town while everybody else looks for a new hidey-hole, yeah? I think you are, but if it's first thing in the morning, I don't think the Briarwoods could have gotten to everybody yet, so I think you and I could do our father-son act for like an hour. Fart the son and the vampires, they're done-- father and son. Because you're little, and I'm tall. Quickly, though, because even though we don't look like ourselves, they know that there are strangers in town. I have one. Same peasants, yes. Sorry, folks. We're going to talk to a few people, right, kiddo? We'll come to you, yeah. Too long. Still so little expression on that face. Like Vasquez. (explosion noise) Daddy Daycare. You and I, we're going to go talk to people. What was the name of the guy that Grog de-tongued and kicked out the window? SAM and Thanks. I don't think it makes a difference. I think there's no new people in this town. But you guys are tunneling around, looking for new digs, right? That's up to you. I thought-- who cares what I thought? She's not even here. You're with me. Gavroche, come on! And I swat him as hard as I can in the back of the head. The Nina, the Pinta, the Santa Maria. It's like a ladder rung that you can put wherever you want and hang on it. He's a mysterious motherfucker. I'm dragging you along by the scruff of the ear. Shut up. I'm going to look for anybody walking by. Is there anyone nearby? I walk right up to him and I awkwardly put a hand on his chest, and I make sure that I flip my pencil and spit as I talk and say, I need a hard drink. I need a hard drink right now. Where? I spit at his feet and I pull Scanlan by the ear. Come on, you shit. I'm following his directions and going there. Journey's End, yeah. Empty. So how many in here? Three. All right, I pull Jimmy-John after me, and sit down next to one of them. Shut up! Your mother's going to kill us both. (sighs) Two! Two here, and a water for him. I swat him in the back of the head for the bartender to see. Can't fucking earn a living in this land. Come up from a mile out of town, been trying to grow fucking carrots for these fucking people. Can't earn a living! Something's got to change here. I can't live. I can't give them what they want. I can't feed him. What are we fucking supposed to do here? The fuck are you talking about? I take a huge drink of the mug in front of me. (sighs) Someone should run these fuckers out of town. I take the mug that I have, and I pour the rest of it out on this little one's head and say, you speak when you're spoken to. I start fake-weeping into my cup. Ow, fuck! (retches) I'm going to insight check Patrick. All right, that's not that great. That's a 17. And as he pulls me away, and I slovenly turn after him. I turn back for a second, and I completely sober up. Pelor has returned. Walked out. We act now. We make a big stink in the house we're not going into. How do you mean? Like a what? You control the clouds? But you can catch up through one of those little doorways. It's a question-mark arrow. It's no knocks against you. He's going to catch up quickly. Meanwhile, the twins are looking at our home, sizing it up. We're sizing up the other home. I like it. Could we look at this house first? What do I see? I'm looking all over this house. No guards, nobody watching? I want to go for a circle around. 28. Good. That's pretty good. What did you add? Oh, because of Pass Without a Trace! Oh, 38. Two humanoids are in the house, there's a guard between the home, and the warehouse thing you just described? You do your thing, yeah. Yeah. I'll start, you follow. All right. Yes. Scanlan, whatever you're going to do, I want you to get ready to do it. A what? Come on, Burt. He gave you advantage. Roll again. I'm going to run up behind the one guard and beat him in the back of the head with the back of my dagger. This is a surprise attack? Oh, that's good. Ooh, that's not that good. So that's 17. That hits, all right. And then the second attack, which'll also have advantage, is 23. Okay, so sneak attack, yeah? So here we go. Plus, get them. (mutters) 25 for the first attack. Or no, 25 for the first attack-- That was it. Yeah, so 50. All I want to do is gunk him. Like I do. And I look over my sister's shoulder and say, Grog! You want to play? Come on, you want to play? Go for the door! Yeah, because you've said nothing. Well, that's not what I said. I said, do you want to play? Everybody's running at the door. We saw front door, we saw some sort of warehouse, and a side window with two people going, right? Let's go in the window. There's windows around back. I'm trying to get a better look and listen as I run closer to the windows. Still a dinosaur. Open the door. (snores) So less dexterous than the video game. Here's a little secret for people who love video games when the heroes pull out a gun, put a gun away, pull out a sword, put a sword away, there's a guy on the performance capture set who just catches it and walks away. Hands it into your hand, so all this, they just go (pfft) and they don't put it anywhere. They just let go of it.