It's a good one. It's a flight of fancy. It did not happen in our game. It should have, but it didn't. Wyrmwood Gaming, they make gorgeous, beautiful gaming boxes. They make lovely Christmas presents and if you use the code CritRole, you will not have to pay for shipping on your Wyrmwood Gaming order. They're gorgeous. Clarence! Bring the gnome in, Clarence! Ah, Grog pranked again! Wow, that was what that camera was purchased for. Christmas TPK. What's that? And 25-year-old guys. I already have all the merchandise. Cookie icing on your lips. Glam rock. "Kill them all, Percy. Kill them all." A couple weeks in detox and you'll be fine. Happy Festivus. Oh, the robe. No, I threw it down, though. You picked it up. A fan art of this moment, please? I thought you were naked. It is. Not wearing armor? Thank goodness, because he is a blushing flower in the wind. I'll take the amulet. He'll never give it to me. That's fine. You know what we can do with that? Sell it. You're the only one who can use it. Yes, you should try it. I am also going to keep to myself and I'm going to talk to the people in town, see what businesses are open or trying to open, see what they need. And I would like to talk to Percy, since I don't know anyone here, about who I could talk to about getting messages to Emon, and I would like to get a message to Gilmore, to see if he can fill any need here. If trade is so ruined here, that Gilmore could be a help. And Gilmore gets another front, a place to do business and actually do good in a place that needs it. Well, I will write a message to Gilly and say that they're hurting here. They need trade, all the supplies that he's able to supply and tell him that this town is about to explode and is definitely a good place for his wares. No, because I've been avoiding her as well. I'm avoiding everybody except for Percival, who I've been asking advice from. I have the cloak, yeah. Yeah, dibs on that. Yes. Disney and Capcom will be calling. I like him. I find it's better to travel the world rather than use fast travel. You miss everything. Every nook and cranny, yeah. You mean like a big plant? Is there a tree in your garden back at Greyskull? You have a robe. Talk to Gilmore. Cassandra played everybody. Oh, ho ho ho, and all of that! He's standing there like Guile before a Street Fighter match. That is the worst thing for you. I'm unsure. It's hard to tell. It would be a good thing. My brooch? Nothing. My neck slot (laughs). I don't know, Percy. What have I got in my neck slot? That's a rather big piece of paper for a sword. (shushing noises) This is important. You're not here. Do you want to become evil, Grog? Don't do it, Percy. Sleep on top of it. You can certainly try. You've been playing D&D for years. You know what this means! He will kill me first. Don't let anybody read it. I think you should arm wrestle. I slap down 25 gold on behalf of Grog. I'm paying for his entry, sure. No. I shout out from the crowd, Scanlan! Pike is here! She's astral-projected in! All the blood rushed somewhere else, that's not my fault. I've spent the last ten minutes while he's kicking that guy's ass to find a soldier or somebody in the crowd to bet. I'm not you. (laughter) 14. That's not worth it. 75 gold? It's that sword's influence. Show us your ditties! One-way ticket. They're all from Lillith? For a little arcane booty call? Traveling back to the archmage, the ritual is completed and the phylactery destroyed in time, but not without some lingering necromancy branded within Grog. They are suddenly approached by the mysterious elf again, saying his master is unhappy with the broken contract, and he demands that either the debt be paid, or the party complete a more difficult contract in its place. The party accepts, and heads into the Shade Barrow, an ancient druid burial chamber that was purchased and renovated by an eccentric lord who made it his own tomb. Fighting the denizens of the barrow, they locate the tomb and the iron golem guarding it. Successfully defeating the golem, they tear the Arcane Cortex from its chest and return it to Drez to square their debt. After a bit of R and R, a clean-shaven dwarf named Grimthorne propositions the group to enter a nearby, underground fighting ring, even offering to represent them. The party agrees and, not surprisingly, manages to pull off a victory. With the holiday of Winter's Crest arriving, the town bustles with preparation for a festival, during which a strange blue crystal is delivered in the name of Archmage Eskil. This crystal suddenly detonates, freezing the entire populace of Westruun in ice-- though the party is protected by a sudden ally in the streets. In a last-ditch arcane effort, a mystic merchant named Noja manages to shield the group from harm. And where the crystal previously rested now stood a pale, nude woman of white hair and frail physique. She opens a portal and leaps through, the party giving chase into what seems like an icy, frozen world, chaotic and elemental in nature. They catch up to the woman, who then reveals her true self a great white dragon. Weakened by her premature "rebirth", the party manages to defeat her, and upon returning to Westruun, discover its people released from their icy prison. With the archmage Eskil Ryndarien now on trial for the attack on Westruun, the party intercedes and proves his innocence. In thanks, Eskil uses his talents to investigate the source of the blue crystal, revealing the powerful society of thieves, known as the Clasp, responsible for its delivery. Vax, having previously been a member of the Clasp, knows the main headquarters lies within the capital city of Emon, and Vox Machina sets out for the west. We love you, Wendy. Right here. Can someone transmogrify Trinket, quickly? To a hot man. Winter's Crest magic! I grab a mug of ale and go another one, right? Yeah! He's had so many! I keep giving him ale. I do not have much confidence. You have always eaten more than me, always. No hands, no hands! 20, Natural 20! Oh, sorry, Charlie. Yeah. Separate issues. I elbow my sister, then dive into the pie. He lost half his family here, in the attack on Whitestone. Oh boy, I got a big six. Yes, thank you, Scanlan. I got a big seven. (laughter) Why is he so good at being sad bear? I instinctively move behind Vex. I come over to my sister with two big mugs of ale and hand one to her and say, here, don't swallow the first one, just swish around and spit it out, then the rest. That's a good one. (laughter) Freddy, this is everything you've worked for. Leave it alone. Is it? (laughter) I'm sorry, is there a washroom here? My sister's a little drunk and managed to yak on me a bit and I would really love to wash up a bit. Anywhere nearby? Okay, I use it. No, you haven't. Nothing. I'm tired. We can relax for the first time in weeks. I will tell you just about everything, but I don't think I want to talk about that. Wow, you ran fast to catch up with me. Already dead. Hello, Simon. (slithering sound) (laughter) I am too embarrassed to look her in the eye, and stare for a moment, but then finally, still not looking at her because she's fucking freaking me out, pull her into a hug and say, I love you, Stubby. I'm never going to leave your side, I'm always going to be there. You can always be a pain in the ass like you are. I love you. Always have, always will. Thank you. What the fuck was that for? Well guys, Vox Machina is now free and clear of all evil influence. (laughter) I mean, we come back next Thursday, right? Again, right? We play again every week. Every Thursday. He's made of dice! I have a snake!