Happy birthday, Orion. Just a project announcement? Hey, yesterday I started directing for the World of Warcraft. So that's pretty good. I think it's gonna be ongoing and it was really nice. Then anything right now? All right, I also want to thank Pupgames from Twitter for sending me this. Look at this. It came in the mail separate and I have a hood and now I can just, you know, I can go like that and no one will see me so thank you, Pupgames. Let me set it here. I haven't figured out how to wear it exactly, but I will. LAURA and And then, I just want to take a minute, I said thank you on Twitter, but I just want to thank everybody who for the last week has sent me well-wishes and today who has sent me well-wishes, and a lot of the Critter community got together and made a video just to, you know, just support, support me in-- I am having a hard moment in my personal life, not gonna get into it, but you guys kind of took my breath away today for real. So, thank you very much. Her aim is excellent. She never misses. Well, that's who got back to me, was like, I don't know, 40ish. It was pretty metal. She's one of the mains. We have a gnome. Wait, where did Grog go? Dicks! I was a little worried about some performance capture coming up, but it got moved back-- Off to the races. Wait, you did but you didn't, is what you're saying? Add some hit points! Add some hit points! Hey, we play D&D! Plus-- Dang! And, if you want, you can just boost to, are you at 12 now? Level 12? Are you at level 12? Just smash, smash, Hulk smash. Eight! I consistently botch this roll. There's a lot of heads in the way. Just aim true. I will be less handsome with one ear, I'm just saying. Oh god. It crawled down the wall. We're in a tight spot. We're in a tight spot. Get down. (laughs) Eh. (Chewbacca sounds) Death saving throws? Yes. (as Grog) Got an itch back there. No more shopping today. Follow the smell. (sings) Roll high. Wake him up, wake him up, wake him up. That tiger's on fire! Okay, Vax drops low. I click the boots of haste together, and for everyone who keeps asking, if I click my boots of haste together, I then get to attack three times. I get that question about three times a week. So that's how I do it. So, I click the boots of haste together, and then I'm going to crouch low and scoot. No, the other side of Minxie, and I should be able to go 60 feet without a problem all the way past the fucker. Yeah, keep going, as far as I can. That's as far as I can go? All right. And I guess I will just dagger him in the ass, then. So-- First is a-- Two, three, 24? Yes. And this would be Sneak Attack-- Because he's with Grog. So, here's the damage for the attack. Ooh. Two, seven, is nine, plus-- Ooh. This is 13, 17, 19, 20, 26, 31 for the first. Second attack go. Oh, that's not the right die at all. Second attack goes. Same. Eee, 23? Okay. And this is-- Yeah yeah yeah. That's seven? And then the last dagger, the keen dagger, stabs him in the butt again, and that is-- Ow, 16. Whiff! Oh, hi. Vax sees it fly over his head, and watches it pass. (all laugh) Make sure you grab your dignity as well. Damn it, attack attack! Yeah. Hey, rogue's Evasion. So, Uncanny Dodge, I can dodge for half damage, so it was a what to hit? 23 hits, but I take half damage. Yesh. Half. Not whole. 152 hit points. Ah, nothing. She's got the plan. It's the granny grinder! MARISHA and It's preoccupied, so I just leisurely walk backwards about 30 feet, looking at the same wound that I started before. No, back up the chasm here. Even further away. Yeah! And I'm just going to throw three daggers into the wound I already hit, so I'm going to do that again. I know that hits because it hit the last time. That's a 23. And that's Sneak Attack because he's occupied. That's 11 plus-- 11 plus 17, 21, 26, 29, 34, 39 for the first dagger. Next one doesn't hit, probably, that's a 17. Just barely hits, yeah! That is an eight of damage. And just wait a second and go-- and throw it. And because I was such a cock it misses, that's a 16. Vex, look at me! Oh, shit. Right. Guys, guys. Guys. Guys. Guys. He erupts. Burn it. It was 14, I saw it. I see my sister's struggling. I climb up next to her. Yeah. Acrobatics? What is it? Athletics? Oh, shit. Acrobatics would have been much better. Can I flip up there? No, no-- (all laugh) Wait, I'll use Luck. I'll do it again to get-- -- to get past that one. Oh, no, I didn't. Oh no, my fingernail, that really stings. Damn it. Stupid video game moment of like jump, jump, jump, jump. Yeah, here you go. Ah. For all of this, I'd like to-- -- walk about 40 feet in front of everyone and creep along. Cloak up. It's my job. 22. Tibs. You brought along a sack of mirrors, I think you've got enough. What do you need? Tiberius. Tiberius. You are a heavy hitter, we don't know where we're going, what we're doing. He's strong. You're strong, in a way, maybe hang out a little bit longer. More than I do. You're stronger in frame than I am. Sure you want to go? (whispers) I know, but I'm just trying to give you a hard time. (all laugh) (whispers) Send an iPad with Pike on it. (all laugh) He went to get an army, I think. I can do magic. I do this great coin trick thing where I flip it on my thumb and then it lands in my hand. That's the end of it. It's right here. 40 feet out, yeah. Yeah, man. As we progress, I say into my earring, Scanlan, I've seen some of the logs she's left behind. They're not small. They don't sense anything. Just flip that. I'm not sure I understand. We see a drop-off? Some sort of outlook or something. Something that was not formed by nature here. Can I hide Scanlan under my cloak? Can he use his invisibility on someone else? No, on somebody else, so I'd just hide him. All right, all right. That's not that far. Do you remember when we psyched out the duergar-- Can you make some shrubs to come along with us? Yeah, we lured a bunch of duergar into a chasm that the ground extended over. Giants like to throw fucking boulders. Yeah. We were all using climbing gear or just-- All right, well, I got 19. Yes I do, I need it. (whispers) I'm not gonna tell you. Could I have given the climbing gear to Trinket? I've been behind him the whole time, pushing on his buttocks. Can I use passive perception? Well then, I get-- 26. Yep. You could also be a sparrow. LAURA and Grog sacrifices the gnome. (all laugh) Do it, Batwoman. Stealth! 17. I want to ransack the joint. Investigate or perception for me? Investigate or perception? I'll investigate. 17. Here you go What are you going to do with it? Shoot yourself? Probably shoot a couple dummy arrows out of it I'm following Grog and I'm doing the same. Sorry. She's taking the bow for a spin. Seeing what it can do. I'm out there too, and I rolled a natural 20. Yeah, it doesn't matter, you can't add shit to one. Yeah? Yeah. We're gonna Hobbit this shit. Yes? You want me to jog into town? If the coach driver was any indication, there are going to be people-- -- in town. Everyone get your own tree. I already did. Those are good rolls! So we're stealthing again in the tree? I'm already at a 32, man! Let's do it, let's roll again. What do we add? Good. I rolled 20. I miss Pike. Hopefully he lands on his lute. I just want to say that I pulled my hood down, and put on my calamari hat, and pulled the hood back over it. It tingles. Yeah, dude. I have a question. The only reason I have this question is because I posted that video from a couple of years ago. Do I still have the unending rope? Why don't we reinforce with the rope? I'm sorry I brought it up. I'd love you to fall on your head. Aerodynamic, isn't it? Maybe that's why it's protected. Maybe-- Keyleth, would you be able to revive the tree? We can please Pelor. I have a feeling we can revive that tree somehow. It may weaken the Briarwoods' hold on the psyche of the villagers here. It's known as a lemon party. (all laugh) I'm telling you, they looked right through me. Invisible. They saw me. No, but I was heavily stealthed. When I beaned the guard. They should not have been able to see me. Question. What time was it when they were doing their little scouting thing they've just told us about? The sun was going down? Yes, we get there at sunrise, take those fucking beasts out, and you start at eight AM. The tree is called the Sun Tree. It's Pelor's tree. I'm not a cleric of Sarenrae, but these shitbags could not have set up camp in a temple of Sarenrae because there is too much goodness there, as there was around this tree in this town, and it's why it is dead. It's why it's being surrounded by a bunch of giant undead things, as you described. You need faith, Scanlan Shorthalt. Then you need to shut up and let us fix that tree. I don't think there is any sneaking in, thanks to those birds, so we make a stand out here. I throw five or six pine cones at his head. At once. Could we throw in a Scanlan grenade and be able to see through it? A scat grenade. Scatlan. MARISHA and You shit in your hand, and you toss it. All right. We're off the rails. Question for the Assassin path of rogue, at 9th level, if I have seven days, which is way too much time, I can impersonate anyone I want. In half a day, could I just be a dirty nobody? This is the time. We don't really know what we're going to find this morning. Those big guys could still be there; we don't know. We don't know if there are people in the pocket of the Briarwoods here. I think that's a good idea. Hole up. Let's find a place. You would be a freak. I'm wearing a natural 20. I did. Had a little help with Luck, but I got it. I'm walking 50 feet in front of everybody else. I'm 50 feet in front of everyone else. Real talk, real talk, Scanlan. My sister will cut you. Bring the bear. I walk over to just one random person on the street and say, anyone hiring hands? On farms? That is a four-- No, hold on-- I'm gonna use Luck, that's the Luck. No, it's not 40. So it's 14. Yeah, I know. We just need some work. Where are we? What are our surroundings right now? There's a larger building, isn't there? I can't see-- 26. The body. Or it's a message. They're in their keep, buried deep. Did we see this big building right here as we walked by? Yeah, that big one. There was no cleric when we faced them before. All of us who stood against them in Emon. Those birds might have told them we were here. Yeah. What am I, stealthing right now, or checking for-- Oh, unlock, okay. So that's a 22. Yeah, come with us. Keyleth, come with us. I've watched you pass through solid stone and earth. How long can you do that for? Can you get us close to underneath the tree? But, just in case, I think I'll hang back. I'm not going down to the pre-made tunnel, I'll just keep an eye above ground. 20, 20, 20. Haroom haroom. It's Ent voice. Haroom haroom! That's all they say. Turn and cough. It was like eight in the morning-ish when we found that building, yeah? Was it around eight in the morning when we got to that house? That's what you call a giving tree.