Pick up. Can I just, on behalf on all of us? (humming) It's already full. Wow! On the back of your book. - This is it. - Heavily discounted. - Heavily discounted. - What? I'm gonna limp up to you. You're burnt all over. - Hold still for a second. Alright. I do have-- I cover her mouth with my hand for a second and use the last of Lay on Hands and I-- I checked with CritRoleStats, I do have ten left. So I'm gonna use eight, eight of those to heal you up a bit. - I only got ten. - One, two, three, four, five, six. Thordak died like this. (laughter) I was just about to say the same. Yeah. Twenty-nine. Can we see through that gate to where we parted with Kashaw? Let's go look. -Just a look. - Why don't we just cover like half the distance? -See what we can see from there. - Twenty-eight. ♪ Running. What in the fuck? - Yeah, yeah. Ish. We killed thing. - I'm gonna walk up to him as well, cause he looks fucked up and say, "Hey, thank you for the assist, Spanky." And I'm gonna give him two slaps of the cheek and leave a couple of black feathers stuck there with sweat and use the last of my Lay on Hands on him. Everything hurts. Twenty-one. I laugh through it. Do they have any hit points? What a world, what a world. That's what they tell me. - I'm in here all the time. All the time. And I pick it up, and I carefully divide my sachet of Suude into three parts. Three thirds. And I'm going to snort one third of it. ♪ I'll do anything for Suude ♪♪ - Pike! - And I'm just shouting out Pike's name. She was casting. She was reaching for whatever it is she's been angling for for months. I reach out and I do this thing to his eye. Like that (indistinguishable). What did you think we were coming here to do? We're here to-- the fucking world is on fire. I do-- - I hear what you're saying. She was reaching for whatever power she has been working towards and I wasn't going to freely let her take it, and you weren't there. Fate didn't place you there, and when we ran in that cave, you were ten seconds behind me. Listen. -We failed. - Hard. It doesn't mean it was wrong to try. If not now, when? If not us, who? ♪ We don't know what it was. And I wasn't about to stand back and listen to her Scooby Doo monologue. I wanted to put an end to it. It's an island far away in the next campaign. HolyshitI'mthrowingthedagger. It doesn't apply to this situation. I'm sorry, you weren't there. She was moving. The only thing I regret is that she got away. I'm sorry, Scanlan. I reach out and I pick him up by the scruff and I walk off to a far end of the cave. Away from everybody else. I shove him down in a corner. Sit still, don't say anything. Really, don't say anything. This is gonna take a minute. And I start to unbuckle armor. - Shush! I start to unbuckle armor, and it takes awhile as we learned with that fucking wolf. And I reach down into my bag-- Sup girl? Melted together in big hunks. That's not what she means when she says cheddar. Fairly short, it says, You were right. We're not mercenaries. We didn't come here looking for a fight we knew would be easy to win. ♪ We do what we have to do. When we landed on the shores at Glintshore, we fought and we kept going because it's what needed to be done. ♪ Killed one dragon, picked a fight with another. Didn't go as well as the first, and the second made off with the first. Almost did. - She did. Yeah. Rothfuss! Clarota, Asum, Rothfuss. Never ends! She's burned, she's burned. I got 16 hit dice, man. You sullied Dungeons and Dragons. You're going to break a wonderful item. Laura Bailey manifested. (laughing) Oh, harp please, poof! Are you gonna take this fucking tapestry or you're gonna look around the room? Travis, you could destroy the world. Yes. Amazing and great or it could be totally destructive. Aren't you glad you're here? I'm sweating harder than the dragon fight right now. (cross talk) If he wins, he can win big. Yes. Not ready for eSports, Matt. (laughing) It's mostly bad. But the goods are amazing. Now is the time. No whammies, no whammies. It's the most powerful thing in the book. Nope. That's a bad deal, too. What a heart attack. - Ninety nine. It's Allura's other carpet. Is there room for your broom on your carpet? Vax just woke up. Hey, big man? - That's a nice sword, where did you get that? What are you talking about? What, The Clasp? We're talking about payment. Oh, they're a crime syndicate, they're gonna laugh at that. That's a letter of the law argument, they're gonna want to go spirit. Kima, do you feel like keeping an eye on a small group of soldiers from Syngorn? Protecting this? A few days? This is your home. She, uh, no, no, she's been playing us for a long time. We were in a loose agreement with her to get to today and we've never felt like she's told us the whole picture. Uh, we have watched her gas scores of people in front of us. She's killed many of your friends. She's not good. But no, we don't ultimately know what her next move is. What could it hurt? It was me that time. - Poopy. Sound of confidence. - We were hoping to peel off some of the troops, maybe some of Syngorn's troops to help keep an eye on things in there. Do you know where that island is? ♪ Scrying doesn't give any direction. I pulled the wrong card from the deck. Clang-a-lang-a-lang. - I think you have to hang out in the shitter with it for a while. What's a runechild, Shaun? That means I had it. Was that a problem even in Emon or just where you hail from? I mean, can--aren't we all tapped out? Can you get us to Whitestone now? We could get in a line. - Thank you, Shaun. Stay the night and have a drink with us. - Sam's pretty legit. - Kima, come on, let's get you back to Allie. - They've at least earned the old status quo. - Matt starts rolling random encounters. I'm just gonna pluck another flower and tuck it behind my ear. That's our specialty. - That is our specialty. This place was full of fucking vampires. They were everywhere, they were giants. It was terrible, we've renovated, yeah. Any beret you see one someone's head right now is because of this man right here. More like five. It's not done. Sure. - You've burned us too many times, Matt. - She's a beholder. You don't like Dragon Age splatter? (laughing) Yeah, Mr. Shorthalt, yeah. - We were all taking baths, right? And they're like big royal baths 'cause this is Whitestone? Excellent, I take mine very quickly, and walk in the buck, and I find Percival's bath, and silently walk in while he's bathing, and I sit in the bath on the other side, and just stare for a minute. Um... ♪ You and I are very different. ♪ I didn't think you were, uh, so meek. Umm... Anyway, I still plan to honor your request, but, um... I want you to know... that you are like a brother to me. ♪ Now I have a sister, and we fight constantly, so I expect to do that with you. I'm glad I have you around still. Don't say another word. I show him my ass and I leave. That is so gross! That was like a minute long! So gross! (laughing continues) Oh, my-- My opinion of you has changed! I'm not talking about Vex! Vex can pork him all she wants, I don't give a fuck! That is a twisted D&D choice, man! That is crazier-- that shit is crazier than the broom to me, Laura. Holy shit. Boosh! -Hit me up top! - Yes, yes and! (laughing) Percy, what is that really cheesy music that's playing in here? I need a shower with lye, man! (laughing) It looks just like us. Oh, man! I can barely remember those dragons right now. We've got time on that-- how long has it been Hotis-wise? We've got time. - We won't let it come anywhere near acid at all. Dude what's name was Opash had an island. Because you are so de-stressed right now, -your mind is so focused. - Matt hadn't even thought of that! I like this guy. Well, can you look for trees on that island? You saw it once already, and you would know it-- you'd probably recognize it -a second time. - It's worth a fucking shot. I mean, you don't want to-- I haven't tried it either. You don't want to finish your life without trying this bug juice. It's the nickname we have for it. Bug juice. - I take the bottle, and I put my thumb over it and pretend like I'm drinking--go-- That's great, sure. That is a 26. It's smooth. - It goes down smooth. I wish it could be my first time again. Wait, can I point out that this is the best game in existence? (laughing) One more time? I would've thought that as well. Good reincorporation! (laughing) No, no, no, I mean, that's all fun and games, but come on. No, that's a bad idea, don't do it! - Do it later-- that shit's fucked up. That will turn your blonde hair green! She's got magic. - She's so cool. Fucking magic. - Can you say red leather, yellow leather? What about-- (laughing) What about--try saying three times in a row can you say Irish wristwatch? (laughing) This is to Ker or Patrick-- Irish wristwatch as fast as you can three times in a row. I have faith in you. You know, thank you for playing. That was a valiant effort. Hey, let's scry on a dragon! Warrior! - We need to go the fuck to bed. We should go right away. What a to-do to die today at a minute or two 'til two. Can you get us there? But you're say--I understand what you're saying. -She's got nothing-- - But Scanlan, pluses and minuses. She has nothing. So if we rest, she gets her meteors, she gets her everything. - She's gonna rest, too, to get all her shit back. If we go now, having had a breather with this drunk guy... - I'm not saying what we do. You can decide what we do because you're the smart one, but I'm just talking it out. She--it would be a physical fight with none of her magic. You two brainiacs can make the decision, but she's got no meteors, she's got a lot less. Well, then, we won't do that. Allura. - I kinda wanted to bring you in the beginning. Are you willing to come with us? Do we have--here's a question. Do we have some healing potions banked -at Whitestone right now? - Yes, but are you in Burbank next week, though? (laughing) That's a good point, and Allura makes a good point. She's gonna have everything tomorrow. Percy, what do you think? But that was her. So she can look at books so she doesn't fucking mangle them. Umbrasyl. - But we're gonna get-- if we wait till tomorrow-- You all can decide, but if we go tomorrow, she's fully stacked, she's in her lair. If we go tonight--I'm just-- Well then, there's nothing to talk about. - It feels like you're going to wind down. Before we do that, if everyone's going to bed... back in your room, I plunk down a bottle of whatever, and I take out Whisper-- have a seat. - I take Whisper, and I just start gently cutting away burnt edges of hair on your already shorter hair so that the ends are clean. I like you. ♪ And I see you doubting yourself. ♪ I see it, Kiki. ♪ I have no doubts in you. ♪ I've known you for a long time now... ♪ and I have seen the strength in you growing. ♪ And I'm a fan. ♪ You're gonna make a great leader some day. ♪ You are doing the very best you can with what you've been given, and I've seen you rise again and again and not stop and not back down. ♪ And you fucking blow me away with the things you can do out there. You are beautiful, and you are talented, and you are strong as fuck. ♪ And I can't take the doubt away-- I can't do that. ♪ But mix in with that my faith in you... Percy's faith in you... Grog's faith in you... Ker's... Vex'ahlia's, Scanlan's, Allura's... all of ours. ♪ We are all behind you, and we all believe in you. And we all love you. And obviously, I love you. I have no worries. Look at you. Don't you look like royalty. ♪ That's kinda what I like about you. (laughing) Would you do me a favor? Down the line, once all this is behind us... will you go back to the theater with me? I don't understand it either. ♪ You don't have to ask. Are you kidding me? I shut her up with a kiss. Wow. - We've all been there. - Siri, wake me up before Raishan wakes. (laughing) Yeah. Is there any chance you'll be here next week? Get you in some combat! - ♪ I'm just looking for one divine hammer ♪♪ (laughing) Breeders--that's The Breeder's, man, -that's the '90s. -