Second edition. And I should have done this a couple of weeks ago, but Transformers Robots in Disguise is now on the telly, and I play a Decepticon named Underbite, who eats everything. It's a really well done show, and Decepticons are better than Autobots, and check it out. Hell yeah. Not on this show. What? That game looks boring. I'm always nervous in the first five minutes. I got dice. Actually, let me tell you all that Grog is up here, you didn't know. No, I'm still up there. Last week I said, "Come up now." And that's when he called it. "Hold on, let me show you my collection of tin cans tied to my tail." (whispering) Where is everybody? All right, I grab Tiberius by the snout and pull him back, around the edge of that rock. I'm just doing it. Pulling my dagger out. Oh, come up here please... And I'm throwing a knife into the dwarf's neck. Well, it's coming over! He's not waiting! I'm not going to stand here and wait for the duergar to walk around the corner. Oh my god! You know, if you wait five minutes, I can at least take one out. Right up behind him-- (surprise sound effect) Cut his neck, cut the throat. 20. Natural 20! There is a magnet inside this die. I should be-- Just full disclosure. Okay, so natural 20. Yes. He's gone, he's gone. Okay, ... (mumbles numbers) 47. DM? Where on the map is the queen right now? Don't see her. Fucking love this game. And they're clearly with her. They could be charmed. Wait. DM. Vax is creeping along the back of that tent and curving around. Thank you. Small square near the top upper left hand. DM, I'm throwing a dagger at the queen. Now, by my saying that, do I get into the initiative order, or does my action come out, my decision come out before? 21. It's on like Tron. You play stunned well. 21 over here. Grog's tied. Grog is held by iron bands. He's down. I saw him, you described it to me last week. He's in iron bands held on a cart. Yeah, he's tied down. He's a freaking sponge. He'll be fine. Okay, I'm going to use my feat, Cunning Action, for one extra action per turn of combat, use for either dash, disengage, or hide. So I'm going to double distance and go one... two... three, four, five-- I still can't see her-- six, maybe... seven, eight, nine, ten. Stop right here by Clarota. (over enunciating) Clarota-- Clarota! And dagger, dagger at this jerkface over here. Yep. That was stealthed, by the way. All right. Okay, and I'm going to use Luck. Okay, so stealth is 23? And he hasn't gone yet, so for the assassinate feat for rogues, if he hasn't gone yet, this is a critical hit. Okay. The feat says if you have the jump, if you go before the person's gone, but we can talk about that later... All right. Okay, so keen dagger flying through the air... Oh, I didn't hit to-- Okay, so that hits. 16 plus-- 27. Okay, so three... plus (mumbles) (muttering numbers) 36 total. Oh, sorry, asswipe! Okay, that is a 19. And that is eight damage. Bard ass! He's dreaming of honey. Here comes the illithid. Come on Tibs. Tibber-hoods. Oh, so sorry. Bad News. Where does he get such wonderful toys?! I start hiking back towards Grog. It's what I do. "Give me a little space. Let me look at this." Can I detect traps on his bands? That's a 17. Yeah. And are there locks contraptions on them? 19. I'm going to move on to the next one. And a 25 on my lock pick. Vax is moving to the next band. That's a 24. 12. Wait! Vox Machina, our purposes here are done, but Lady Kima, she has further to go, and I am curious, your Highness, if you know anything about this K'Varn chap or gal or thing? We have heard his or her name. They seem to be famous in these parts. I was wondering if you know anything about K'Varn. Yes, I am. So well. That's a two. Vex'ahlia, would you come up and talk to this-- Yeah, Professor X. What a mercenary. Vax'ildan is going to go pick at the charred remains of the illithid. Me? Yeah, sorry. 13. Probably a cursed item. This is the time for an intermission. Yeah. (singing) We've only just begun. (speaking) Because we went right into battle. Vax is walking off into the distance to urinate on a stalagmite or stalactite, whatever's the one on the ground. Oh, that's a relief! Oh! It's the longest pee ever. So I'm walking back from my pee and I've overheard this. "We were sent here to bring back Kima." She's not going to come with us until we've killed this K'Varn. Do you know something we don't, Keyleth? I want to use my-- I would like to do a check on Keyleth. I want to see her intentions. It's a 14. Hold on a second, that's unfair. It has been a long road. Keyleth, I know you have had a hard time. We all have. I know we're miles below the surface of the world. But we're together. We are family. And everyone here is here for you as you have been for us. Now, I say we camp for the night inside this schmuck's tent. We stay here, we rest up, sleep on it, and see how we're all feeling in the morning. We're here for you, Keyleth, and we'll protect you as you have protected us. You've got a family with us. Who in this world is without fault? Who hasn't made mistakes? We certainly all have. The bottom line is, all of this insanity is going to bubble up to the surface if someone doesn't stop it. Remember, think back. It has already begun, and no one is here to stop it except for Vox Machina. Us. We've got your back. That may be so, but the evil that is brewing beneath the surface of the world will stretch up to everything we know. And I know that you have made mistakes. I have certainly made mistakes. That is to live. There is more at stake right now, and we are the front line. We're the only ones who can stop it. Mistakes are all right. I think we are all a little frayed. I think we need to rest. Let's set up camp. I'm sorry, Scanlan, what is that? Never entirely welcome in the company of elves or men, Vax'ildan learned at a young age to skip past formality, preferring instead to invite himself in your door. Along with twin sister Vex'ahlia, Vax was born by a chance encounter between elven royalty and human peasantry. Raised by their mother in their early years, the twins were eventually sent off to their father in the elven capital of Syngorn. But their cool reception among the elves there never warmed, and their time in the capital didn't last. The siblings stole away one autumn night and set out on the open road. After a few years of wandering, they eventually decided to return to their mother, and journeyed back to the lands of their youth. But instead of finding their childhood home, they returned to a pile of rubble. Their mother was gone, their home burned to ash. Pressing the townspeople for answers, they learned of the day the dragon came. (roar) With their ties all severed, Vax'ildan and his sister set out to find their fortune together in Tal'Dorei. An outsider since birth, Vax quickly learned to solve life's challenges in his own particular way, often by side-stepping them entirely. And when his knack for circumventing adversity isn't enough, (knife scraping) the way of blades the elves schooled him in more than makes up the difference. We will be here every week, so subscribe. And to be fair, he was only thrown out once K'Varn took over the Elder Brain. Correct? Slip of the tongue! Worried for him? What, for his effect on the group? Well, the bottom line is, (sighs) we have a pretty clear goal at hand. Everything else will have to be figured out afterward. A super history check. Grog, are you skinning a boar over there? What are you doing? We slept! It's not pretty to look at. It's fine, except the pinkie toe Pinky toe's a nubbin now, yeah I need Percy to make me a replacement first. Pike, could you hook a brother up? As we walk, Vax falls in next to Keyleth. "Keyleth?" We're walking. Are you all right? You are? Everything we said last night was true. We're here for you. No one be a yahoo. Grog, we need you over here. Scanlan, you as well. 15 for Vax. 21. Vax chases the arrow. Yeah, stealth. I followed it. Yeah, I rolled a 26 on stealth. Follow up the arrow. I'm going to check out the very first, the closest body to the exit. 19. You said they're covered in webs? Small, natural. So not Bilbo Baggins. I'm just going to start searching all of them. I don't give a shit about these bodies. I care about what they are carrying. You're not even in the room. I grab the pendant, and then I start-- this looks good for Pike, so I start taking the chainmail off. (wheezing) No. Armor. It was the armor, wasn't it? (strained) I got this for you, Pike. So I grasp Kima by the hand and say, "That is one I owe you. That's one I owe you." It's yours. As we leave the cavern, I give one of these to the dwarven bodies. Yeah, I got that armor back. Sorry, sis. Kima has it. No, she wore it. Oh, that's between you and her. I'm not taking armor off of her. Wait, my armor? That's my armor. I gave it to him, he gave it to her. And you're taking it? Hey, hey, hold on a second! I think we need to roll a brother sister contest die. I grab her by the ear and say, "That's mine. That's mine." Squeezing her earlobe really hard. Yeah, sure, sure. It's not fair. I'm not fucking-- Figure it out. One. I can't see shit. Lady Keyleth. Plus three for shark. Dolphin hump him a little bit? Grog, can you pull up any of those boats? Pull them up, Grog. Pull them up. Ladies and gentlemen, we're going to pull up one of those boats. Pull it up. (singing) Sailing... Clarota put the image all in our heads. Vox Machina, there is an island, there are also two small caves and-- Where? Two and then rivers and paths out, yes. We could go straight for the big prize. What do you mean, Keyleth? When we eventually want to take the temple and kill this son of a bitch, we probably want the shortest amount of distance on land as possible, which means coming in from the north end where Tiberius is pointing. Yes. I agree. But I think we're all a little slap happy and curious. But the north-western edge has a beach? But, we're curious about the island? So, Vox Machina, are we going to head around the southern, south-eastern edge? Does anyone know how to steer this thing? Oh, towing. That is impressive. This is on the island? What's the scale. Are we talking Manhattan and Brooklyn? Or smaller than that? We're all very curious. On the beach? Well, we're in the boat. But Grog and I want to go. Right? No? Is the boat coming up to the beach? Yes. All right. I scoop up Scanlan and go piggyback style, like he's my son, and jump on the beach. 27. I'm going to use perception on the chest and the bodies. That is not that good. That is 13. I'm back from the chest. I take out one dagger and throw it at the chest to sink it into the lid. From a ways back. Okay, so I did a 13 perception check, I guess on the chest, so I'll go to try and open it. You're on my back, Scanlan. Pike? Someone call Pike? Oh, nuts! Come back, Ashley! You could use the shark like a baseball bat. It's the undead! We all know this is going to grow, so we're just getting ahead of the game. Yes! Have fun with the new Manhattan-sized island. Minecraft. Get those clippers out, though. (bzzz) I know it's off-putting, but Scanlan's beard is right over here. (all laugh) Scandinavian. Sam, that's on you. Second place is good. We want all of you guys to go find these books, find other people in your town or online, and play. What was our goal for subscribers for the night, too? And they're staying around for our questions. No. No. Song for Grog. We would like to rage. It's like the Hulk is attacking the chat.