999 gets nothing! A really strong 13. Age ain't slowing them down nothing! Wow. Hi, fellas! I feel so popular! Is there one specifically? Oh, good. Yeah. Yeah. Hell yeah. Okay. (grunts) Okay. 15. Plus nothing. It's all in speed, man. 15. Six. 19. (strained) Feels like rigor mortis. Send a fireball right here. LAURA AND How much bludgeoning damage am I taking? Okay. Right, okay. That was more substantial. Give me some sugar. I'm alive. Good job, badasses. I didn't do nothing! (others laugh) Is that chest ten feet away from me, as well? I have a thing I can do, too. This is a dexterity check? 20. As a rogue with evasion, if I succeed, it's nothing. My thingy? I don't know where it is. What's that mean? Is that a reference? What is that? Ever since we were five. You look weird. What's up? How's my foot doing these days? It does look like a flying manta ray. Cheeky bastard. Natural 20. 25. Command us? Run! (all laugh) What the hell is it called? My quick action to dash. Yeah! Can I grab her by the scruff and run? That's what I want to do. Grabbing my sister. His knees are really high in the air! Nothing's free! (laughing) You've got to roll for everything. It's a good thing we ran! We just gave up a turn. (squishing noise) It is poppycock. d6 times something, I think. Depends on your level. That's for a low level. It's a contest. It's like an arm wrestle. It's like arm wrestling with dice. Okay, so I throw a dagger at the McRay there. Plus I had a one on the first one. No, it was a seven plus... 13 on the second. Oh. Mirror images! Come on! Beautiful human. 14. We can't sail away-- Does it cancel out the disadvantage? All right. Dagger, dagger, thunk, thunk. But at disadvantage because of the dark. I'm not afraid. Okay. First one is 26. Second one is 26. Sneak attack. All right, okay. 23. I saw where Tiberius pulled the eye out, and that's what I'm aiming at, its eye socket. So I flip it in the air, and when I catch it, I immediately let go and fill in the blank. It's a cloaker, because that was a cloaker's eye. And I'm going to look for bad things on the beach. How far away are we from the main island? Is it like DUMBO to Manhattan distance? 29. And there's caves? I'm going to creep up just to the edge of the cave. I'm not going to go in. Is it a separate perception check for the inside of the cave as well? All right. Stealth check is good. It's a 21. 31. And that is 19. Manufactured or made, or just paved floor? It's very hard to know, though. It's dark in there. So my stealth was at a 41. No, if anyone's going in, send me. I'm at a 41 stealth, and if we stay on the beach, we're in view of the main island. Tiberius, my dagger. Do the dagger. I would lose stealth. Non-magical. Yeah, throw a torch in. Do the half-elves and the gnomes see anything when there's light going through? Forget this. Forget this cave. Keyleth, can you do that thing you do where you make the beach look like an empty beach, or something other than it is? Can we camp on the beach instead of going in there? Here's what I think, all right? We don't need to whack every problem over the head, and we have something far more important than whatever's in there. The only question is, do we want to try to rest here under some sort of illusion, or do we go to the island we can see? We could sail there to the northwestern edge of the island. There's some sort of structure there. Can I ask one quick question before we go? Regardless of what happens, if there is something shitty in here or not, are we camping here afterward? We're sure? Okay. Then I click my Boots of Haste. It's a gate. That's familiar. Take the stairs, though. It is pretty funny. We're all just on the beach. People were still laughing. All right. Or a shortcut into the-- Tibber-hoods, do you have any fireballs left in you? Am I silenced? Well, I rolled pitifully, so it probably doesn't matter. (yells incoherently) I didn't know he was going to dispel it! One-two punch. No, we can just throw it. I'm not trying to get it into a basket. It'll ignite the bomb. Once we finish this math, this explosion is going to be really cool. That's going to attract some attention. 15. Something funky in here. Well, let's figure it out. Clarota, what are we looking at in here? I wonder what would happen if K'Varn was cut off from the other side of this. Or collapse it. We can camp, but it's only been 6 or 7 hours since we woke up, really. 8 hours, all right. Spill it, girl, spill it. It's lembas bread. Scanlan, she didn't say ant-dick, she said antic. Your friends are going to be watching the show in under a month. Oh, so it's really dark? All right. Also, I'm sorry, if it's this dark in here, we lit up the cave. Anyone on that island would have seen that. I don't think it's very safe here. I know that, but no one camouflaged the explosion of fire that lit up the cave. He knows we're coming. What does Keyleth look like to us right now? I'm walking up to Keyleth and I'm grabbing her by the shirt and I'm going to slap her across the face. You were in pain. Are you all right? Are you all right? The iconic creature. There's dragon, then beholder. It's a magic fun bag. We know that it's acid? If you keep making that face, it'll freeze that way. Clarota, Keyleth has scried the top of the building right now. It didn't look like it was part of the original structure. Is she mistaken? Is the top something that was built by your people? Would that be as strong as the rest of the building? Not much. Like a wizard times 50. Well, we either have a 10% chance right now for her to tell us what to do-- He's in the top of a pyramid. It's not letting them out. We have to get them out of K'Varn's control. So how do we do that? It's the only option that seems open to us, unless we keep stumbling around and looking for some other way, I think. Can Scanlan mercilessly mock the top of the thing? Question. You built a bomb before. If we could hole up for-- months or weeks, was it? LAURA AND Now that you know how to build one, would it be quicker? My sister says that island is crawling with nasty shits. Inspect the top of the building, see where the acid would be put to good use. We're guessing that K'Varn doesn't want to leave his little cubby-hole. So even if we fly down on top, he gets pissed, he could fly up, but we could fly away. He probably doesn't want to leave the top of the-- Well, we've been here, and we've been here. Here, or here, or this little nubbin right here? Well, that's true, but my sister studied the island, and she sensed the presence of things everywhere. Well I am curious about this. Can we see this from the beach we're on? What is this? We can also do two trips on the carpet. Well, I tell you what. We don't know what to do, so why don't Vex and I and Scanlan go for a little ride and check out the tip of this island? Let's let Tiberius and the twins and Scanlan fly ahead of the boat, quietly, carefully, see what we see. We have the earrings that Tibber-hoods crafted for us, so we can tell you what we see. And we don't want to rush in. We're probably going to go here, but let's not rush in. Let the quiet ones go have a look. You need to take it easy for a moment. You just went through some shit, Keyleth. You know that thing a dog does when it pulls its butt along the floor? Yeah, that sounds good. Yes. Team Clarence and Team Kima-gibbler. He said no, it would take a while. All right, let's do it. Quiet ones, let's get on the carpet. Tiberius? We're saving the world, here, people. Let's not twiddle our thumbs for too long. Sorry, I did a quick scrying spell and I know that we're 50 shirts away from the total, so keep going. Get your mother a shirt. Keep going. Is there a larger one behind those smaller structures? But as you're from this island, what wildlife can we expect to run into here? Fuzzball. It's really good. Clarota, that was rude. Very rude. All right. Yes, everyone wait here. I grab Scanlan by the scruff of the neck and nod at my sister. Let's go take a peek, yes? We'll take a peek. Just wait a minute. 28 for stealth. Do the twins outweigh him? But it looks twice the size of what I would use for a fire, or what I would use for a bedroll. Giants. Question bigger than Grog? Stealthed. I'm picking up Scanlan and moving backwards. You're right there. I was holding your hand the whole time. Nowhere near K'Varn. MARISHA AND Nowhere near him. It's K'Varn! If you sell those 20 shirts. Come on, guys. 20 shirts. I'll buy a hoodie if you guys buy 19. Deal? Here we go. We did it! (all cheer) Yeah. (all laugh) Wow. Thank you guys. A thousand years of Dungeons & Dragons. Can I interject for a second and thank Earl Davis, @Wheelyfactoids, for buying 8 shirts? Thanks, dude. Give them out to seven people. Start playing Dungeons & Dragons with them. On a side "night"-- On a side night, we'll play another game... On a side note, we love fan art. We love it. We're going to try to find a way to showcase it on the show, perhaps. We'll see it, and we're looking for a way to add it. So do we! WeeklyFactoids is the guy who bought 8 shirts! WheelyFactoids? Don't fuck with grandpa Illidan, all right? What was it? That is an amazing donation. Thank you so much. Ah, tschüss! You said thank you, he said excuse me, he's saying good morning. I said see you later, see you next time, ta-ta. The two of you are extremely generous. Thank you, and the charity's going to have their mind blown. And thank you everyone for supporting. Splattercat. Which should be for about one more episode. 1,034, presently. Keyleth's, or Marisha's? We could expect Trinket plushies. It might not be next week, but I feel like within 12 months, there will be a Trinket plushie. How we came up with Vox Machina? Is that the question? We used to be the SHITs. We used to be the Super High Intensity Team, the SHITs. Someone is asking what Matt whispered to me when I insight-checked Marisha. It's not what you think it is, and I'm not going to say. LAURA AND It's moving too fast. Chaotic good. You've got a wicked streak. On a related note, somebody wants you to say, "fuck you, Dylan" for some reason. Aww. Tiberius is chaotic inattentive? It goes so fast! Hooking. And then you met the right person while training to be an actor. When Geek & Sundry arranges that. With the beard, you did. Yeah. I was a spaz. I was so shy. I'm going to be blind as that manta ray by the time this Q&A is over! The woobie. He's right over here. This goes right. We're playing D&D once a week! Any interest in turning Critical Role into a comic book? Yes. Who will draw it, from the chat room? Yeah. Like an FAO Schwarz-size bear? High school. Either high school or my birthday two and a half years ago. It was my birthday request to play a one-off, and it turned into this. Not me. I'm the oldest. No. I'm the oldest. Light! No, I know that. You're an old soul. I'm May 28th, and you're when? What month? I think someone asked about my birthay. Laura and my birthday. The whole reason we are playing twins is that we share the same birthday. It's May 28th. She's older than me, though. I want to know the answer to one someone asked. "How did Travis and Laura meet?" Were you good? Sam is my favorite Ninja Turtle. That's more commonly known as "rock out with your cock out." "Will Critical Role continue after the boss?" Yes. If you replace Ashley with Liam, it's true. I've got an idea. That's a good one! Yeah, go for it. It really is a short story and not a blurb. It was long. There's a short list for guests, and a long lists for guests, for down the road. Carrot Top. SAM AND Barack Obama. Tim Burton? My eyes are bleeding! Eliza Dushku. Elijah Wood. Pfft. Troy didn't know what to make of this when we first started it. What is this, an anime episode? Someone requested as a player, Zac Eubank. Zac, did you type that? Somebody's going to die eventually. But if it does happen, it's your fault. Throw up the Laura emote, if there is one. Is there a spirit in the room? Make it known if you're there. We haven't encountered any tieflings yet. Matt, someone's asking what's good to roll as if you are brand new to the game. Fighter? Someone asked, for fan art, do we want the characters to look like us? I think how we really look. I think either would be fine. A lot of the stuff that's coming in is based on the artwork of a woman named Kit Buss. She took input from us on what we were looking for, and she did the initial art and people have riffed off that, which is great. If you want to make a dragonborn that looks like Orion with his face pulled out, that's cool, too. Could someone draw Scanlan with the illusionary growth and the illusionary wang? Yes. I mean, the donkey dong could be in pants or something. It doesn't have to be pornographic. Go to Geek & Sundry, then click on shows, then click on Critical Role, and that'll get you there. It's as easy as that. Yeah, for my birthday I said I wanted to play D&D for a night and I asked the people that I wanted, and they came, and then the next day I sent out an email going, "oh man, that was so great. I feel like we should do that again." And nobody responded for a day, and I felt ashamed and sad because I thought that I was a dork and nobody wanted to do it, but then slowly, everyone trickled in going, "yeah, yeah, yeah." And here we are. Yep. For a day, I was like, "oh, god. I just outed myself as the biggest dork in the group." MARISHA, LAURA, AND Yes. That's very close. Matt's writing plot points, but he's improvising, too, and we have no idea what the hell's going to happen. I don't know. Do you guys want to watch for five hours? Sam, I saw a question wondering when you're going to make a Weird Al Yankovic-esque compilation of songs. Next month? Nothing but net. Ashley. Scanlan or Steve Rogers? Scanlan has fudged a bedroll. We probably talked about this in the last Q&A, but I'm sure there's a lot of new people here. They want to know about Pike's death. Keyleth looked at her and thought she was a kid, and then-- MATT AND Outside of ourselves. Oh, it's so hard. Scanlan is really hard to beat for laughs, but Tiberius is so quirky. I love that. I love how klutzy Keyleth is, with raw power at the same time. I'm very partial to my twin. Trinket is pretty great. It's hard to pick. Guys, there is no god, and it is the cold, random chance of the universe. ORION AND Of the universe. There's no magic dice. It's chance. Hogwarts houses, everyone? Ravenclaw. Bullshit. Hufflepuff. Sam? What the fuck are you talking about? Someone continues to ask. In the last Q&A, I referenced going through a rough patch, and they want to know if I'm still going through it, and how D&D helped. Yeah, I had a problem with one of my ears. It's like two years in. No one has diagnosed it correctly. In the beginning, it was wildly disorienting. I didn't know what was going on. The symptoms were way more extreme than what I'm going through now, so it's not gone, but it's managed, and I've found that running helps a lot, which is why I run like a madman now. And... the most important thing in my life is my wife and my two children. The second most important thing in my life are the people on this couch and this bench. It's kind of eclipsed my job, for me, in the last couple of years. Looking forward to these nights was huge for me, both when I was in the thick of it and still. And I look at everyone here as a second family. That's not how you do it, though. You just have the universe printed on the inside of your skull. Oh. (all laugh) This all exists somewhere else, doesn't it? That was one of them. What about when Grog decided he wanted to vet people to guard Greyskull Keep? That was pulled out of your ass, right? Very well done. Not since we left. The last private game before this. Tony Roberts. Billy Mays, here, for the Wizard's Academy! Maybe in '89, I might have been. Yeah, I started When I was 10 or 11 in grade school, which was the very end of the '80s. I see a good one. I have an answer, I'll start. There it is. Someone wants to know what our favorite moment has been since we started Critical Role. Mine was sneaking into the illithid captain's room with Scanlan, holding a bucket of poop. I was scared to death. I didn't know what was going to happen, and it went great. It was electric. That was mine. Anybody else? Board games, anything. I've been playing the board game Dungeon, which is D&D-inspired. Someone also asked, what's a good way to get your wife or your kids or friends involved. I yanked my eight-year-old son in by playing Dungeon with him, and he totally got into it because of Dungeon, and now I am DMing a game for three eight-year-olds. It's like D&D-light in a board game, and if they like the board game, you can say, "you know, if you like this, we can ratchet up a bit." It's now in 5th Edition, in one of the added books. We didn't want it to turn into a reality TV show. There's a light goose to the energy because it feels like we're doing theater, which is the one added difference that I like, because when we played at home, we would have moments where we'd go into lulls or get tired or something, and that doesn't happen here. Silly. Yeah. One of our favorite things about all the feedback we're getting through social media is how many of you guys are starting to play the game. Somebody asked what each of our favorite thing about playing D&D is. The people. We all do a decent amount of gaming in this group, so this just feels like the most social, friend-oriented-- it just feels real because we're hashing it out together instead of doing this. Which is great! We all do it, but it's a nice counter-balance. Hey, it's Scott White. "Happy 10th episode." Hey, Scott! Actor Scott White. I love that we have Percy in our group. That's what I was going to fucking say. Yeah. I save it all. I have a process. It goes into my iPhone folder, and then right into Dropbox. Pile of shit has a thousand eyes. (all laugh) Thanks to that guy! Ukraine, definitely. I change my mind about that every day. I think about what to do once he kills me off. I don't want to say, because I'm convinced Matt will kill me eventually, and I don't want to spoil whatever I cook up. Can we hear your dwarf accent again? (similar accent) Welcome to IKEA. I said that months ago. Live a video game while drinking with your friends. LAURA AND And playing with someone who's not a crazy talented voice actor is still better than not playing, so find a DM and start a game. Start your first game. Now we're thick as thieves.