Sam Riegel, you are against the law. Friday! There. It's just 12 tracks of whale song? (whale song) (whale songs) After we choose them on the break. He's an OG D&D player, though, right? Like decades of Dungeons & Dragons. Always checking me in my rolls, on my choices in the game. Who I talk to on any given afternoon. It is all I hear about. I'll do what I want, Brian! It's D&D! Welcome! Sure. Yeah, we have met a lot of dead people. No. I know who you're talking about. When we left the orc camp, and we headed out into the snow-- It was close to when we found Tyriok without an arm. It's D&D! It is a Dungeons & Dragons game. I listen to them read their notes. This is like when you're on a level in a video game, and you run around and around and around. You can't find that thing that triggers to the next section of the video game. Well, he knows a lot of people. Shaun, could you send one of us there? Is that possible by any chance? Because if one of us goes with the Gatestone, Keyleth can jump over, she can see trees there, she can tree her way back here. I mean, I don't know; I'm spitballing. Yeah, all right. Where's your great idea? Chickens with our heads cut off, eh? Now's as good a time as any. Yeah. One too many though, isn't it? I swore she said eight. Or eight along with her? You know, we always take her and leave you. Why don't we flip that? Best you can tell, it's shit-balls. It's not a town. It's-- We're protecting the world. Do you want to hold up Pike, as we walk closer? (air horn) Did we just find your Achilles Heel? Man of a thousand voices animals, creatures-- can't do horns. I don't do horns; they sicken me. You're the worst. Yes. But I mean, Scanlan, until we are ready to pull the trigger-- Once a day, yeah? That makes sense. That's time well spent. (laughter) You'll get a swirly forthwith. Yeah, soon. Now that you've brought us there, do you think you could get us closer? Stuff and things. Well, that's not a bad idea. We're thinking about tomorrow, though, as well. In the morning, yeah. Could you take the two of us, Keyleth? To see if there's anything of use, see if there's anything to be gleaned from a bird's-eye view. (shouts) What? (shouts) Sure. Not enjoying the view, I start to look down around, is there anything? Is there anything we didn't see coming up? Or is it all plain to view? 23. At the 59 minute mark I fly over and sit on the back of my sister's broom Yeah. They could throw out one of those flare-like gem-y thingies. Ring a bell. Any of those. You want to take us down? This broom always rides up my ass when I ride on it. Yes, they are. Ow! Getting close though, yeah? What? Yeah. Kill 'em, or die trying. 22. Shirtless, covered in soot. Syngorn. It feels like it's a risk, but the most bang for our buck, our gold piece, is Syngorn. There's the most people there. Yeah, that's what it felt like when we were there. Allura, did you ever meet with our father in Emon? Tofor! Long, white hair. Syldor. Michael J. Fox. When you write to our father, will you tell him his children need him? It's like she's putting on a VR helmet. That's not a bad idea. We're hoping to tempt him here. Can we go back to the plan about how we intend to get Thordak here? We were playing with the idea of fooling Thordak into thinking that Raishan had been killed. And that's it? We think that's going to pull him out? Do you think Raishan would be willing to let us hack off a little bit of flesh to send? Asoon? And you can't leave because you're building, or can you go? Something, like a claw or something to drop at Thordak's feet. It'll help with the bluff. I think it's a bad idea. I don't think we have time. If we're all alive in two weeks I'd be happy to go and get armor for Pike, but there's dragons on top of our backs right now. We've also totally spilled our spaghetti with Raishan. She's not going to wait, she's going to push things forward. I don't think we have time. I think that we talk to Raishan. These two chuckle-heads convince her to let us take a pound of her flesh, or ten. Somehow dump it insultingly at Thordak's feet and brace for the worst. I mean there's nothing else we can do today, is there? Gather ye rosebuds, while ye may. Vox Machina is dying. Yeah, and you said we can instantaneously jump over, grab him, and shift-- Scanlan, can you turn us into a bunch of hummingbirds, or something? I should feel bad? That's a big "if." I have a sweater. I've hidden it in Manhattan. Go find it. (laughter) The gatestones? No. Of course, we'd have to get a message to her to tell her that. You big lovable lug. I still think it's a very bad idea. I'll go if you all want to go. Kind of hot? I'm setting my armor to fire resistance. It's also, I amass everything and I couldn't get in all the awesome, even into what we put into the slideshow in the episode and in the gallery on Geek & Sundry today. There were so many good costumes and we're blown away by-- I mean, it was a massive amount. I'm going to cheat. I'm giving mine to @missbelletrist and @miss_riahne for doing Vex and Vax throwing money around and flipping daggers and climbing trees. Great photos, great costumes, great attitude. LAURA and Straight out of Central Casting. So those are our personal picks and we also all picked a third place, a second place, and a first place. (dramatic voice) Overall winners. Here they are. Number three (normally) @kwwins, who is also an artist for us all the time, was chosen for number three for her Minxie/Keyleth transformation pic. Number two goes to @norfrosch who did the amazing Victor with crazy eyebrows. And in first place-- Loot Crate! Yeah, so for an amazing Percy in bird mask, both an amazing photo, amazing costume-- Amazing weapon, @calahammer is our first place winner. (cheering) So "Jenga" means "I fucked up, my name is Vax." And "Super Jenga" means we have to link hands and bounce. 27. Genies. Because you have the gift of gab. This is the weirdest day. (Stan Lee voice) Greetings, true believers! I'm patting Scanlan on the back and wiping his mouth. Do we see anyone who looks remotely like us, who's not from the Fire Plane, here? We are in a city where everyone is going to despise us. The servants, the humans, and I don't know if there's any elves, dwarves, halflings, or anything in the mix, but people who are not from here, how does their health appear? Are there any humans around right now who look like they're not slaves? Who look well-off, relatively? I'm bringing you a new shirt for your birthday, man. TRAVIS and Holy moly. Bring it back, people. I'm specifically looking for a human who is not a slave, who looks reasonably well off. Anyone who looks like they're not a servant, who looks like they're maybe getting by well. 22. So it's these two strange beings with strange eyes and a tiefling. Oh, okay. So one is one and one's another, thank you. I'm going to walk up to the tiefling, like ten feet away. Excuse me! Sorry, can I trouble you for a minute? I've just come to town. I know, that sounds ridiculous, it is, I'm a stranger in a strange land. Could I borrow you just for a minute? That's a 20. They're together, right? All right, so I trip along behind them, and then I turn around and to the group I go-- Yeah, where are they leading me? I'm going to wave them away a little bit. Just put it all out on the table. Roll high, come on. (clears throat) Yeah, I was hoping for a little bit of advice about town. This is starting to feel a little kinky. Where are we going? I don't need to talk that bad. Where are we going? Yeah. Follow you to talk right now? Okay. Yeah. What the fuck are we doing? Percy, we're going to go in the alley up ahead to the right. I'm going to stealth. Before going into the alley. I mean, I don't know how dark this is. Are we in broad daylight? Yeah. Okay. (laughter) Okay, so no changing in lighting in the smaller alley. And how far away from the other group are we at this point? All right, I stop her and stop at the corner and look around. Do I even see them if I look around the corner? Yeah. We saw them dart to the right. I don't know what's in there! I go running in with my eyes closed. That's how I do. Well, what I would have done was-- Yeah, there are fights on every corner. Is it tight enough that the two strangers are smooshed in as badly as we are? This is a little more than I think I was asking for, but what is there to see in the City of Brass? So we're out of sorts. We're not from here, obviously. Hi. That's my sister. You can tell because she looks just like me. You don't look like many of the larger folk-- thank you, dear-- that we've seen around here either. Are you from here? Are you strangers here? That. Those aren't pillows! Maybe we could do a bit of business. Percival, you were looking for a jeweler, right? All right, it's really starting to smell like Grog in here, so why don't we go-- All right. I mean, everybody in this city wants us as slaves, so it's not really any more dangerous in there than it is-- You have a distaste for the wyrm? Sure, go for it. If this goes south, we can just wrap it up. You don't even want to hint at what you're looking for? You cheeky bastard, Matthew Mercer. I'm going to slip on my ring of invisibility and spend the next 20 minutes attuning to it. My boots have gone slack. He didn't chain me, though, right? Am I chained? There's no invisible floating chain? Is Vex chained? I tweak her nose and give her a wet willy, and then dart six feet back. We'll grab Ashley, run into the fire plane, the armor will be right there, for her visit, and then it'll be done! One shot. It's better when you're here!