It was already Periscoped. What's in the box? Ah, you can sleep on the plane. It's a good one, though. Yeah, I went to that one. Yeah, Sam Riegel and I are both in Fallout Far Harbor, which is the first big DLC story dump. "Fah Hahbah." Fallout is my favorite way to escape reality second to this, so I hope you come join me. I play a human guy, but there's also a synth. Look for the synth. There you go. That's it. Shoot from your screen! Then you got hit by a wang! Oh, Laura Bailey standing in for an orc! (stabbing sound) Ugh, gah! Now be yourself oh! And I'll go oh! Why the dramatic pauses? How much time do you need, Perce? Three hours ago, back when we were still together, I pulled Scanlan aside. Listen, I want to talk to you. I have an idea. You're right, I should have never dragged you down into the sewers, and I apologize. It won't happen again. But listen to me. I have an idea. It's a dangerous idea, and I don't want to lead with it. I don't want to fight this dragon, to be honest, but I think the group is going that direction. If we do-- Percival's run off to try something, maybe we're just going to run out. I have an idea that only you can do. We have a rod. Not the cube. A rod that cannot be moved. You can teleport, and I'm almost too afraid to even suggest it, but if shit goes south, how would you feel about teleporting inside of Umbrasyl's stomach? With that rod. I assume it will. I don't know anatomy. I haven't talked to my sister about this. She might be able to give us input, and I don't want to lead with this. I don't want you to do it because I feel like you could melt in there. I know. I'm looking for a way through this fucking clusterfuck and if there's nothing else to do, you could go in there and click that rod and give him the worst suppository ever invented! As a plan B. And I take him by the shoulders. You remember that little talk we had about a week ago, when you told-- No, we can talk about Kaylie in a couple of days, all right? When you told me how things were better now? Okay, you remember that? That was fucking insane. They are not better. Everything is terrible! Our lives are terrible. They are way worse than they were six months ago, way worse. I was with all of you assholes a year ago, and two years ago, they're way worse. I slap him on the cheek a little bit and say you are a fucking madman, but I am glad you're here. And I love you. And I give him a playful slap across the face. Don't roll a one! But you know, you wouldn't suffer. Yes, my armor. She has it. No, I'm about five feet behind you rolling my eyes and doing this the whole time you're talking about dragons. Yeah. It's better overall. During which I pick up Scanlan's shawm and start playing it terribly. No idea what I'm doing. Do you blow into this, are there strings? I don't know. Yeah, I leave the room. You told me to leave! You took off your clothes. I'm Liam, I'm not Vax, what're you talking about? Oh, shit, I go running after Percival. I'm going to go find Percival. Yeah. Well. Does that take an hour, or do I catch up with him pretty quick? Oh, there's that white hair. Percival! Yeah, I'm sorry, I don't want to take up a lot of your time. I reckon you're going to be busy with this all day, yeah? Ah, and also tomorrow. You're probably going to be taking potshots at that thing, yeah? That's probably not my plan. Can I have use of your blade? It's just in case. Good luck today. Good luck tomorrow. Billy Mays here for the Ashari Tribe! There it is, there it is. It's in all our heads. That was all knowledge in your head. I was frozen in ice. That guy! The daughter. Six, six, six. Go Tarv, go Tarv. Oh, get him, get him! Stupid tinkerer. Percival and his technology. You found Dabney Coleman? Keyleth, where are you right now? My. Goodness. Gracious. A what? Like Claymation. I'm going to track down the women after talking to them over the earring. Straight from Percival, once I catch sight of them, can I talk to you for a minute? Just a minute, I know you're busy. Um. Yeah, two minutes. Two minutes. Um. Thanks, Stubbs. You're way more powerful than I am, and I don't know what I'm going to-- (Skype noise) What's that sound? You're going to be doing a lot more damage than I am tomorrow, it's not like I'm going to run up and stab the thing in the back. I feel like you're probably going to be too busy to be using Fassbender-- I think I want to be of use, so yeah. So it just goes on the head, then how does it work, what do you, what do I talk to it or do I think it or what do I do? All right. Okay. Do I say like, slow? Maybe I'll prac-- where did you park him? Oh. Great, well, I'll take that. Kiki. What is that? Percy. Tinker quietly, please. (Taliesin makes louder noises on Skype) (laughter) Okay, really quickly. Hello, yeah, Percival, I'll talk to you in a minute, all right? Ah. I've been confused. I am confused. But. And I take her by the hand. In your room, in your room. Me leaving wasn't-- --wasn't fair. That's it. I'm sorry. This is awful, all of it is awful. Really similar. What? Yeah, we gotta kill a dragon tomorrow. We gotta kill a dragon. What do you need? I mean, I'm really weak, but I think I can use a shovel. I walk Fassbender out and I lay him down on his back, face-up. Yeah, I'm walking Fassbender out to where Keyleth is. Pulls the glyph up? No, it's hitting and slicing. I'll check. He's expendable. Hopefully he survives. If not, good cause. Okay. Yeah. One to the ground. Put the other one in a goliath's hands with a harpoon or a hook on the other end. Snag our prey, and then we have a Fassbender hanging from the bottom of a dragon. I think we should do ten or 15 feet to the ground of chain and ten or 15 feet to the dragon, so that it's, thunk, and he's caught on the ground. Yeah? Yeah, we'll sever the chains with Grog's muscles. We need to get 'em the right distance. Ten feet into the ground, which we can-- But he's going to go up like a kite now because it's going 60 feet all the way over there, where stone is. With dirt? Fassbender, lie down. Lie down? Give Keyleth a very soft high-five, please. I quickly take that same charcoal out and I write in Common on his chest Conclave or bust. (laughter) As soon as he finishes it. I have a couple of questions. One, so I asked this outside but I just want to make sure. It says in the rogue section that longsword is something that I'm proficient in, but there's a rule somewhere that I can't find that says I can't use that for sneak attack? On page 95, it says I'm proficient in longswords. But somewhere else that I'm unaware of-- no surprise, motherfucker? So it's not a finesse weapon. In Hawaii, the longsword is a finesse weapon. Just want to know in advance. Lovely. I'm going to take off my Boots of Haste and my cloak. See if anyone else wants it, and I'm going to start attuning-- Can you use this? Circlet. Would you be able to control Fassbender? No, Keyleth said you just say "zap," and he just does it until you tell him to stop. I want to see how much I'm giving up here. Haste will let you double your speed, you'll be able to do one more thing when you're doing things. Scanlan showed me some sort of potion. It's funny, because part of my idea was to go in with you. But I know that you have to do it to folk of your own size, but if I were little Vax, I could go with you. That's true, but I'm wondering if anyone wants Fassbender. If I'm going in, I'm not going to be able to concentrate on that. I know. I just don't want to miss a shot to go into the belly of the beast with my little buddy here. All right, I'll wear it. I'm going to take this sword and I'm going to leave the Deathwalker's Ward on, that can't come off anymore, and the circlet, so the boots are up for borrowing and the Displacer Cloak is up for borrowing. Displacer Cloak makes you very hard to hit. And the haste will Haste you. You're wearing a cloak, so if you wear the boots, you can click them and you've got more movement. And his wife. Just before. I wait until everyone falls still, and then I scrabble over to you. Are you awake? Yeah, you're awake. I don't know if it's the food you made or the fact that we're going to die tomorrow, but I want to kiss you. And I kiss her. For a while. Good night. She's a witch. She's a witch! Did you see the broom? Scanlan. Where do you want to go? Are we going in a tree? Vax is with Scanlan. Stuck like glue. Can bards inspire themselves? Disadvantage on attacking you. Until you get hit, and then it's gone for the round but resets for the next round. That's right. She doesn't clank if she doesn't move. Come on meteorite die, don't dick me. Matt Colville, this is on you. Hey, can I use Luck for initiative? It's up to you. You're the boss. I love you. You're the all-seeing eye. (laughs) It was the exact same number! Big ten, which if you think about it rounded is like 100. Gosh, plan B indeed. You do you! Seven plus five is 12. We're not making out! There's a slow trickle of wizz going down my leg right now, man. Enjoy those boots. Don't piss him off. Question. Did we give the chain attached to Fassbender to one of the goliaths? To the stone, but one has to go on the dragon. I don't know. Oh, no. Okay. Cool. He's got it. He's got a whole strategy. He's street-smart, this guy. It's more of a surprising round. If an ancient black dragon takes one hit point of damage, it cowers and dies. Is this an attack range thing, or does it automatically--? I'm going to hold my turn until Scanlan, no. Yeah, I'm going to-- Fassbender, slow the fucking dragon down now! Oh, dear god. That's a good question. I've got it. Slow-- 17. It is wisdom. And Fassbender, just slow until the end of tomorrow, just keep going. Question he'll just keep doing that until I tell him to stop, right? Okay. With my bonus action, I drink that potion and I'm a tiny Vax. (high-pitched) Do it, Scanlan, do it! (high-pitched) Hey, buddy! I love ya. Let's go in that dragon's gut. (high-pitched) Do you think Keyleth will think less of me? Yeah, action, bonus action. Done I'm like eight inches tall, if that's true! He's so small! (high-pitched) These are still sharp. (high-pitched) Heeheehee. Just do what you're going to do. Ignore the gnome. Go. We wanted to keep you off-balance, Matt. Here we go. (high-pitched) Come on, big guy! And I say This is so fuuuu-- Can I give him my Luck? Who's got the other gatestone? I have one. 60 seconds. Suck it, bitch! I'm a two-foot-tall rogue, you motherfucker. I'll say, with no facetiousness, this is all I ever wanted in my life. That bullet came from the center of the Pacific Ocean! Here we go, Scanlan. Pull it off. Look at all those people. Well, what did you do? You did Death Ward. And is that it? You'll feel better once Scanlan and I have dissolved. I'm just going to take the dragon blade and I'm going to as best as I can drag it in front of me. I'm going to cut the insides of this-- Yes. Probably its sphincter. Now what? At disadvantage. Well, I'm using the dragon longsword, which I've never used before. It's a plus one sword, so I get what? With strength? I just can't sneak attack. All right. So. Whatever you want to do, you are the deity here. So this is a 17 to hit. Use Luck. Nothing. We discussed it so much. Yeah, it does plus 3d6, if I remember. 15 from the inside. Hopefully that cuts me a little breathing room. And a question that only you know, Matthew-- Am I within five feet of Scanlan? I got 15 damage. Am I within, I'd like to use my bonus action to sneak attack if I can, if I'm within five feet. If Scanlan is within five feet of the creature, that's up to you. I don't know. It's crazy circumstance. The heartburn is not distracting it? Not enough. Okay. Yes, I know. I did it. I did, darling. I only got 15. I would like to use the dagger to cut into him as well. Disadvantage? Oh, that's no good. That's, nah, it's 12. I'm okay. Okay. All right. I understand, Matthew. I'm fucked. It's fine. Also, I have no idea what the initiative order is, but Fassbender keeps doing Slow until I tell him to do something else, right? A d6. Two. Click, motherfucker, click. I don't know what the fuck's going on, Matt, it's fine. That's redundant. Taliesin! Yeah, try it, buddy. Internal damage. That thing's fixed in space. But you're resistant. You don't know. She might've rolled a 78. Okay. I'm going to use my bonus action to-- can I sneak attack this thing from inside? I'm inside him! That's very surprising! Probably not? All right. Well. I'm going to use my bonus action first to hit it. It's at disadvantage? Okay, so that is 19, which fucks up. And now I'm going to use the dragon sword. Okay. That's a 21? Well. I will, for my turn, suffocate and also Fassbender should still be trying to recharge. d6. Four. I would like to say that Liam O'Brien, who's a total wuss-puss, can hold his breath for like 50 seconds. So Vax and Scanlan should be-- I'm still in its anus. All part of the plan. The hastily smushed-together plan. Eat some shit, Umbrasyl. Natural 20! (cheering) (laughs) Okay, I'll take it. I just want to remind everyone, I am really small. I fit between muscles, bones, ligaments, anything. Scanlan, we're safe from all this shit. I'm behind his left nipple. It's pretty good already. It's pretty good. Man, remember when we used to do hopscotch? That was the best. And then also we used to take baths together when we were really little, but that was when we were really little-- Vex'ahlia-- I wrap my fingers around it. Shut the fuck up, gnome! You're 15 feet tall now, Grog. You're like two feet tall now and it's really impressive. That one hits. Damage. That's a fuckin' missile. You're attached to him? By a chain? He's scared. Work that broom, girl! Yes! I want to go. Keep going. No, it's on us, because we have jobs and getting up in the morning. You're leaving me in this thing's anus for two weeks? Yeah, but I'm holding an arrow that's half in and out of the dragon. So I've got a little tunnel out. Is it two Thursdays from now yet? Son of a b. Matt, if you were wondering what to get me for my birthday, it's to kill my character in two weeks. Kill me. The dragon's name is Hope.