Oh, hi! (cheering) You killed and skinned a unicorn. Too soon, too soon. Well-roleplayed, well-roleplayed. Brings out your eyes. Boring. They are seeing Greece. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. North Hollywood. They're mostly bad. Most are bad. Are they the shortest? Total boy scouts. Everyone's gonna play this game the way they want to, but I think if you're playing it for like the numbers and maxing out your numbers, and the like, "How can I deal the most damage," when you're picking your skills, it's less fun, Like, choose the things that draw you to it as a character or personality or-- Be really weak with powerful magic or be totally musclebound like Grog with a-- and be a, y'know, an idiot. You had to bring race into it. Okay. You're gonna chat, while we--? Great. Me, me, me! We'll never-- But we'll never forget-- oh and I'm eating chicken. You go ahead, I'm eating chicken. Eventually, you will all have the pleasure to meet Gilmore. He's a little sweet on me. Laura and I spent three hours in a diner fleshing out our family history. It was great. It was great. It was very frosty. How will he make himself happy at night? That's the good hand. 11 and a half. I think I play-- I court death on purpose. (laughter) Yes I would. That's a terrible statement. Yes I would. (laughter) Hold on, hold on, hey, shush. Say that again. You're wearing a unicorn suit! Almost? Completely. Completely defeats the purpose. There it is. I was just passing by, I thought I could have a drink. Nothing, my father gave it to me, I was just thirsty and passing through-- okay! My father's name was Arthis. He was a potter and he asked me to come to you and ask you for your allegiance to our clan. You're a very nice fellow. Could I also have a drink? Here's two, here's two, I'm rich. (laughter) In a dark fantastical cave-- -- also known as Travis's dining room. (laughter) Can't you also use, I'm DMing for my eight-year-old son and these kids, I haven't done this yet, but the DM book talks about rewarding them with inspiration dice, so can't you like, as a carrot, just start, anytime anyone shows even just the barest glimpse of roleplaying like that, go boom, inspiration dice to you. We're playing a board game. And learn together. It's in the Facebook terms of service. We're not us, aren't we just spectator? (whispers) It's going just like how you rehearsed. Oh god. I can't wait for Zac's monologue. (creepy voice) The giveaway is not working. The gears are turning. (whispers) Psst, the music changed. (whispers) Be careful. Oh, burn the people in their homes, classic dwarf move. C'mon, tiefling. It's high, it's high. Love that dwarven dialect. Roll twice and use the lowest one. It works for anything. (Scottish accent) Oh, kitten masturbation. Classic dwarven slang. He's showing his legitimate D&D roots. Wait, what's your melee weapon? No, he doesn't have Eldritch Blast. Smash it! Oh, sever his wanking hand, classic dwarven move! Dan Casey, still in character, holding up the orb. No! He could stick a dagger into the end of that, he'll be fine. One, two-- where are the other three? He can still rock on, though. Classic tale of childhood innovation. Please, please, something! No, hell no, you can tell. I would love it if, what was your name again? No, the group, the group. MATT, DAN, AND The good, the bad, and the nubbly. The good, the rad, and the nubbly could come back somehow and intersect with us. Just be willing to be stupid, because that's half the fun. I dunno. That's mine right there. Goodnight!