That didn't happen. This is the exact icy, steely demeanor that I depend on. More about quantity than quality? Maybe? Just keep vamping. Keep vamping until the bard gets here. You're busy. You're busy. Just go in there. I cannot feel the lower half of my body. (laughter) 13. Strength saving? Nine. Can't hear you. I'm taking-- Yeah, go for it. I'm taking the dragon sword and I am shoving it along the angle of the arrow that's coming in toward it, to try to go parallel. Through, and I'm sending it along that line. Natural 20. (cheering) This does not count as an attack on the creature? The hole is this thick. Like a straw, and the blade is this, that's not piercing damage? There's no piercing damage. Whatever you want. Yes, I want it to be an attack. I'm going to use one of my Lucks. I've got two left. Better. I used one last time. 12 plus strength, which is low, is 14. The dragon sword-- is the dragon sword plus anything, guys? I don't know that I have the-- Plus one. All right. Oh, and I have to roll-- I'll just say I missed. For my bonus action, I'm going to slide the dagger up along the same line and try to widen that gap. The last one was too, which is why I just scrubbed it. No. And what did I just do, though, with the dragon sword, did I widen the hole? Okay, and I forgot. One other thing I want to do-- I have movement too, can I use my legs to push as hard as I can forward a foot or something? I know with movement over difficult terrain it's halved, and I'm in the most difficult terrain. But if I use my movement could I shove and go like a foot towards the outside, half a foot or anything? Pushing in. Using my legs to go-- So the dragon got very lucky and it went through like that, and not like that. Why don't you bite it, dude? Poisonous bite. First turn I'm going to use the dragon blade to attack and slice downward and try to wedge that hole open a little bigger. That hits. Well, I don't know if it hits. Nine plus my strength for this sword, right, not dexterity? I probably hit him before. So that's a 25. Yeah, I know, I got that written down, thank you. 16. And then, this is a game rules thing. Grog's within five feet of this thing and I'm no longer at disadvantage. Or am I? I'm not arguing, I'm asking what's possible. I'll use the dagger to hit. Am I at disadvantage with the dagger still? Then I miss. And there's air queefing in and out of this slot? (laughter) Yes. No. I'm going to slide my body and try to stick head and dagger arm out of it and hang half in and half out, if possible. 13. (gasps for air) All about phrasing. We're close to Gatshadow already? Arrow range? You're doing great, de Rolo, come on! Keep your head in the game. Are we visible? We're not like Wonder Woman inside the jet? What about my hand hanging out? I would like to use my movement, if I can, with the blade I used to go this way, and I cut a big foot-long thing. I want to try to use my movement to reverse the direction of the blade and stab inward. My dagger hand's the one that's out. I want to try to maneuver the sword around and stab inward and keep cutting bacon in here. I want to attack the dragon, but still from the inside with the hand that's inside. Then if I did this, can I just continue to saw in the same direction and do an attack? Visual. I don't know what I'm seeing. Then I'm going to attack at disadvantage with the dragon blade, and then I'm going to stab with the dagger that's outside. Dragon blade on the inside rolled a 15. Yeah. Dagger on the outside is 21. Six. I'd like take a chance to say, here, that when I went into this dragon, I was lost, and a wanderer. As I am shat out its side, I come forth a paladin of the Raven Queen. I have multiclassed and leveled up. And the last thing I'm thinking as I shoot out this hole in its side is if you have any wings to lend me, now is the time. Hey, I'm a brand new paladin. Lay on Hands, which is going to do fuck all for me, but is that a bonus action? An action? Okay. I'm going to cast Lay on Hands on myself. And I'm going throw my poison dagger at the dragon as I fall. That's a 23. That is ten points of damage with poison on it. It's a DC of 15 for poison. I'm sure it makes it. I'm thinking about my mother as I fall backward through space. He said you can get to one of them, so it's just a Sophie's Choice. Quick, come up with a plan! He got away. No, wait, Luck! I have one last Luck. 21. I prefer raven-sized. (singing) I came in like a wrecking ball! Welcome, Chris, welcome! It was very frightening. I love you! Let me love you! That's more civilized than what we were imagining. I yank on Vex's hand from down below and say, pick me up! Put me on your shoulder! I am tall. I rolled a three, so that's three hours. We have to decide what to do. He's gone back to his hole. He's going to rest. He's going to heal. I like her, too. You never made it up to the cave entrance, did you? Not all of them. The longer we wait, the harder it will be. The broom and the two eagles at this point? That's enough for a short rest for it. He's not going to go back to full strength, but he's going to go back up a bit. We need to go now. We need to go. Are you able to see a tree from a great distance? Not even by eyesight? Speed of the slowest. It's still the best chance we have. We have to kill it now. Kiki, may I have my-- Sorry. (higher voice) May I have my cloak back? Thank you. (flump, whoosh) I don't know. But I'm still putting it on. Half could rest at the top while the eagles fly back, and the ones at the bottom could rest. Shifts of resting, yeah. Eagles drop off, they rest while the eagles return, and the people at the bottom rest while the eagles are making the trip, no? That's worth it. All of us up at the same time. Grog, she's right. It is your destiny. What are you laughing at? I'm sort of a halfling. Can I get on too? See you in a bit, sis! Bye, Keek! We'll find out. I'd like to re-attune to the Cloak of Displacement. And the Boots of Haste, are they spent for the day for anybody? If I were to wear them, could I get the juice or no? They're done? They would shrink to me. I'm going to re-attune my Keen Dagger, then, for the moment. So it's Deathwalkers Ward, Keen Dagger, Cloak. Three items. Oh, okay. No, I can do one. I'd like to go stealth and I'd like to see-- is there one clear, main entrance to this place? Yes. So we're further down still. We're not near the entrance? From where I am, I can tell that we need to climb around it. If I look very hard, do I see any little holes or cracks or anything above? All right. So that's why I cast Pass Without a Trace on us. What do you think? Do you think I should climb in that little hole? There's a main entrance above. But there's also a smaller, little gap lower down. He cannot fit in there. Natural 20! Why, I do declare. I would just like to point out that my complete total is 45. Yes. It's mostly for your benefit. Natural 20, plus my 15 benefit, plus Pass Without a Trace. Poof! (vanishing sound) Marty McFly's holding a photograph. Let me check out that hole on top. You guys can watch me do it. I'm little now. It's a big hole. It's quite big, actually. I'd like to climb up to it. Spider-sense tingling the whole time. 14. I want to look through the remains. I don't take that. I take out the Flametongue Dagger and give myself some light. Is this a dead end? Does it look like it goes further in? By the light of my dagger. Investigation? All right. 20. No, wait-- Yeah, 20. It's a cave. Okay. I tell my sister it's a dead end. It's nothing. Coming. My sister and I should lead the way. You stick to Grog, will you, grandma? Wait! I don't get to dodge? I skitter off ahead of the group. She's bequeathing it to you in her will. I'm already looking for traps, looking for danger. I'm not going to go in the entrance, but I'm going to try to climb up and peer over the edge and look as carefully as I can. 17. 40 feet, 50 feet? Scootching in, yeah. 24. Do I need a further investigation check to discern their nature? Scanlan, do you want to grab that big... Shale. And yourself. Something. There's rocks up here that look a little funky and I don't think they actually are rocks. Just come up a little bit slowly. There are a couple of rocks up here that look a little funny to me. Don't step on me. Another time. You know what it is? Hey, dirty bard, could you come up here? All hands on deck. No. Just, they're not real. A few steps back. Trickfoot's-- Hey, fuck it. I'm going to take a good, hard look at this rock. I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to keep doing the same. Come on, you big giant dummy. I'll stealth ahead and look around. A new stealth check? Okay. Well, I still have Pass Without a Trace, right? So I'm at 40. You people don't see shit. They barely get in. I'm just going to hold still for a second and listen. Do I hear anything? 27. I'm going to quietly take-- I'm going to back up 15 feet. (whispers) For everyone who's next to me, and for those who are not, it is in here. It is awake. And it is waiting for us. Pike. Don't. Move. Just coming running to go when shit goes down, but don't move. Grog, don't move yet. I'm going to go back in for another look. Well, yeah. I'm not a barbarian. I'm going to go along the edge closest to you and move back to where I stopped to listen. And I'm going to go another ten feet in, looking. If I look back, can I see my sister from where I am? She can't see me either? Okay. There's a pool of acid right by me, yeah? Is there dim light here? But you said that I can see a pool of liquid, right? Is the surface of the liquid flat as far as I can see? How far along that pool can I actually see? If you had to do a cut-off point? Okay. So it doesn't look like there's a big divot? I'm going to creep along the wall towards that pillar. I'll stop in that corner, and then move towards you one. Does it give me a better view? Can I still hear the same thing? What do I see if I look up? There's no large outcrops that this thing could be sitting on? I'm going to backtrack. I'm going to find my sister. And I'm still very little. It's at the back of that cavern. It's not in the pool of acid that's near the front, and it's not just past that. It keeps going back. So if we're going to do this, and we're all just going to throw ourselves into it, and let the chips fall where they may. The best thing that I can do right now is take it unawares, hurt it for as much as I can-- I'm not kidding you! I want to kill this thing. This is the first stepping stone, and I could potentially take it out. Catch it unawares before it vomits on all of you. I want to do it, and I just want to know that you're going to come in after and finish it if you need to. I told you what I want to do. I start off. Come back and tug. (whispers) Jenga. I'm going back to where I was. With Pass Without a Trace? 43. I'd like to go around the column, and around the edge of the wall. Further along the wall, that little rock-- yeah. And just a little bit past it. And then closer to you. I listen. 20. Around the entire wall. Further, past that pool of acid, even. Further corner. Stab. I'm going to call it. I mean, mostly I'm 14. I'll take it, that means 19. Fuck. You. Jenga! (laughter) Because it's invisible, is there no Uncanny Dodge? Displacer Cloak. Nope. Just hits. Uncanny Dodge. Oh, you're right. Thank you. Halved to nine. For this round? I'm going to stay right here. I'm going to hold my turn until one of my friends is on top of this thing and then I'm going to stab it. Not on it, but against it, attacking it. Melee attack. 19. Natural 20. And another natural 20? It's occupied with me. With disadvantage, but-- Yeah, okay. Nah. 15. Did I see where the ejection of acid came out from? Am I still at a disadvantage even though I saw right where that crap came out? I'm going to throw two daggers at it. I hope that Trinket's near it, but we'll see. So, at disadvantage. Bollocks! That's 15. 22. Keen Dagger. It's 26. Can I use my movement to go along the back edge of the cave as far as I can? Directly opposite from my family. I thought that was his magic healing spot, but I guessed wrong. Yeah. That's Vix. Trinket, snack attack! You can dash and get further away. Rogue bonus action? Hide, dash, disengage. I hope he coughs his innards out the hole in his gut. Dragon hernia. Okay. I'm going to dart out behind the pillar of stone there. And I'm going to chuck a dagger at it. 60. I'm a Sharpshooter, so there's no disadvantage. Then I'll move closer. I mean, I know how far I can throw a dagger, so I want to get up close enough to be within range to throw a dagger. Where are you? You're in the acid? Oh! I'm going to go to my sister, I'm going to drag her out and I'm going to pop the one healing potion I have down her gullet. I'm going to pull her behind, so we're both behind that pillar. Potion of greater healing. Fear? This dragon is being violated in so many ways. Not like this! Playing medic with my sister. How is this possible? Cancels out Faerie Fire and the golden butt? For those of us on the outside, do we see a bubble of darkness where Key and the others-- He said he's bigger than the dark, so we see his head coming out. The twins still have advantage because it's got the Faerie Fire on it, right? You said everyone in it? Nobody's near it anymore, right? Okay. I would like to scrabble up behind it, as close to its treasure pile as I can get. And I'm going to throw. Shit. No, cancel that. I'd like to run up its tail. I'm going to hold my action until somebody gets up on this motherfucker, and as soon as somebody gets close and catches his attention I'm going to stab into it. I'm above it. Do I get advantage for that? Okay, so, good. 29. 24. And is the bonus action gone because of holding the action? Add one point to that. It was the keen dagger. I didn't add the damage! Add eight to that. Not one, add eight to that. Sorry. You could also run closer and do it. It's close enough for Scanlan. Do what you can. He's about 40 or 50 feet or something. Don't land on me. Shot through the heart! Dex save? Yeah, that-- oh, displacer cloak. Did you do that at disadvantage? That does hit. I'll use Uncanny Dodge, though. This is in the same round, so there's no more disadvantage. Sure. And do I blow Uncanny Dodge now? And is it we're blinded, or we're blind where we are? 25. Can you believe it? Just walks in. You finally have some hit points. You'd have to lean over for that. I'm not pygmied or anything, I'm like a doll. Maybe this should wait till later? I'm going to shake that off, and then I'm going to do a once around the entire chamber and look around for any traps I can find, especially around that pile up top, but also, I don't know that they'll be here, but see if there's anything like what we saw in Krieg's cave with the crystals in the wall. Little peeky stones. 22. What about weaponry in that pile of shit? I was first on the pile. Are there any weapons in there? And no other blades? It's also very lean times in Westruun. Most of this gold should go back to Westruun. That's back in Westruun. If we take most of the gold that came from Westruun, we're a big pack of assholes. Probably another two hours. I hand mine over from the one I gave Vex. Maybe he has to give it to Thordak in a dragon pyramid scheme. Can I help her out? Do you think we should just camp here for the night? Scanlan, is there a hot springs in this mansion? We need to bathe, soak. We need a good soak to get the stink off.