Oh, hi. The guy. I thought seven ate nine. I'm a dad. Also, this one's in Tales from the Borderlands being awesome. The future's so bright. There's where that pony went! Found the troll dick! How much time do you need? Everybody make a constitution saving throw. Female. Hers. It. Terrible. What's this? Thank you, sir. You knew I liked jalapenos. Not so fast, not so fast. Is she unconscious? I've got dagger to her throat and I'm hold-- She's bald? All right, so I've got an arm around the top of her forehead in-- She's not unconscious, right? All right, I call my sister over. I'll hold her, you talk. I press the blade a little tighter. Dig in. Maybe one hit point worth of-- She's only got one? All right. I drag her to her feet. Walk her over to the edge of the cliff where the water is, and hold her. Knife still at her neck. Tell this one Now's her last chance to give us anything useful to lead to her boss, I guess. I'm going to assist her by taking my other dagger and letting it drip poison down the blade. Advantage? Advantage? Assist? Me? 19. Drip drip drip drip drip. I can't understand what the-- What the hell's she saying? I did it, I did it. Yeah. It's a little sticky, slimy? I'm starved. Absolutely. She had all the good things. Give it to Tiberius. He'll try anything. This all seems very technical. Yes, it's pretty standard. Pretty standard. Yes. I think Grog may have soiled himself a little. We should probably get Keyleth on the books. Keyleth, you need to study, so we'll take first watch. You can't study and watch. All right, let's take a nap. Yes, we wish Pike was here. Come back, little gnome! Yeah. (sighs) Well, let me see. Well, I seem to know fuck-all about it. Ten. I really wish Pike was here. All about the bling. Stupid lizard. Well, we all just slept, so we're fine. You got this, Keyleth! You got this! Just upstairs. Save Grog! Welcome back, big guy. Brains, apparently. Do you remember anything about a kiss in your dreams while you were asleep? Oh, that was Trinket. Trinket helped with the spell. Gave you a kiss and helped wake you up. Yes, I have a feeling these tunnels are going to suck majorly, but we have nowhere to go but down, so-- I think that's in this book. Tiberius, yeah? I am stealthing. I roll stealth. Natural 20. Just roll on your phone a couple times and then off to the side. And you said that the red crystals on the wall are glowing somewhat? Enough to give the half-elves vision in low light? I am starting to creep along the ground towards the nearest building and press up against the wall and see if I can-- I'm just going to listen. None of them alive, that we can tell? So we're in the dark. No. But we're in pitch black here, and we can't really see what's going on. I think we need-- And Tiberius. Wait, hold on. Tiberius, will you bring the party up? It was five total. Why don't we nail down who that is. It's the twins. You. He's pretty sneaky. All right. 22. Check that building? Anything useful in the pile? My sister, everybody. My sister doesn't remember, but one of our instructors in Syngorn used to tell us of a creature, I'm not sure what they're called, but-- Mm. A creature that steals its victims' minds and digests them, reaches right in and takes them out. I think it's much worse. Much worse. I think the brain was a scout or some sort of pet. I just think we should proceed with caution. Our teachers spoke about this thing, said that it was a being of the mind. I think our trouble with Grog could just be the beginning. We need to proceed very carefully. Just don't go running off into the dark again. Not smart enough, apparently. He's smart. What are these scores you keep talking about? I don't know what anybody's talking about. 16. Yeah. I have mirrors. But that's more for-- I don't know if that's going to help. Yes, I have them, of course. I always, I always have them, they were a gift. But that's a Gorgon. That's talking about the gaze-- We're talking about the mind, I think. Could you forge some professor hats for us all? (all laugh) And if I may, I suggest Tiberius, you work your Light spell, and Vex'ahlia and I scout ahead about 60 or 70 feet, so that we can see in the dim light, catch anything coming, using your magic. And it was dwarf-sized. Isn't it dwarf-sized? Or is armor also shrink and expand? Magical. It's like pulled pork. If I try to pull on the sleeve, does it come up to my elbow or does it stretch out and fit? That's nice. I'll take this, hold on. Thank you. I go into the smelly corpse hut and start to change my armor. If you want a thousand years-- If you want a thousand years of D&D, we've got to pay the overheads, so please, subscribe! Once you've got the dwarf gunk off, it's rather nice. Yes, it's supple. Nice! (whispers) Stay put, you asshole. Yeah, we're gonna start kinda quickly dash after them. Could mean anything. How wide is the bridge? Ten feet? That means two people wide. But if we go out there, it's going to be close combat. You can't get to the ones at the back. 12. 12 I count. We could fight now. I grab my ear and, Keyleth, I heard you through Tiberius' earring, why don't you just become a bat and follow along? You've never seen a bat in the woods? Now we're a kite. And Scanlan. Side and up. 'Cause they can look sideways. If you're on a bridge, you're looking down at your feet. 29. Distance, because they have a light source, so we want to follow that. This is a temporary war camp. Yes! How many buildings? How are we gonna get through this? I think-- Put down? We're past the chasm at this point or still afloat? The other side. So, bridge to land, and then a tunnel. So it's bridge, town, tunnel. Yes. (whoosh) (makes farting noise) All right. He's invisible, though. No. Last question. Where are the people, the figures we were following? Did they finish the bridge at this point? Okay, so then I'll stay by the edge of the bridge, you go back. Scanlan, go ahead, I'll wait for you here, if there's trouble. Yes. Shit. Go get the others. Careful, Bilbo! We're going to risk it all. [break] [no audio] You are a brave little fellow. Spread throughout the city, throughout this little camp, Scanlan. This seems to match up with the tales that my instructor, master Tharendril, told me about back in Syngorn. I wonder if I remember something. If only I had a small polyhedral to roll-- Wow! Thanks! Thank you, long list. Shit. What if all but a couple of us snuck into one of these buildings and waited and a couple of us made a stink and got a significant number of them to chase across the bridge. But then how could we cut the bridge behind? We have a flying carpet so we can go back and forth, but we could drop a significant number of them down into the lava. It's also a huge, and your stink-cloud is only, you know, 20 or 30 feet across. It makes him lighter, yeah. Well, are we scaring them or are we luring them? I'll go. That's a great idea, but let's-- -- let's stack the deck, all right? I'm still gonna be live bait, because I have an inkling that that thing, whatever it is, with the tentacles on its face-- -- is going to see through it. So if we've got one real half-elf in the mix, he'll focus on me. So I'll take the flying carpet and tie it around my back. I have boots of haste. Mm? So I take the rug from Grog-- I'm gonna roll it up and I tie it, I have a rope to tie it to my back. Is it? It is-- 14? What's the bridge made of? Is it just rope and wood? On both sides? Okay. So what's the boost? How high is it? Advantage. On all dex rolls. All right. That's great, because that's how I attack. Okay. All right. But we need to-- But, Tiberius, walk on a bit behind me, and I'm gonna walk up to the edge of town, and I'm gonna chat. Yeah, where are you guys-- Right, and I'm gonna run that, but you guys are all going back to-- The safer side. The further side. Just needs to-- -- work around the edge of the bridge. Keyleth, what if you fudged it so the cliff-- -- looked like it went 30 feet further out. Close to what they're used to. Yeah, so if it looks too different-- Okay. Tiberius, you wait here, ready to run. I take Tiberius by the arm like this. Vox Machina. Okay. So I stealthily walk up to the closing distance to the edge of town and I stand there. I click my boots of haste together. Okay. I just clicked the boots. And I cry out full voice, listen up, you walking prawn, doom has come for you today. Step forth, you slimy bastard. Your trolls can't save you. No matter how far or how long. Oh Jesus. It's a great plan. Tiberius, can we hit it and quit it? I start flipping-- And I flip the double birds and start walking backwards a little bit. Yes, straight back. Okay. My AC is 19. I'm gonna use Uncanny Dodge. For anything I can see, I can dodge for half damage, if I need to. Shit, okay. Is that the halved or--? Okay, so, it was 11 and eight? Okay, six and eight, okay, 14. Right, I knew this was coming. Yes? (high-pitched voice) Where's the roll for initiative, man? Yeah, I'm backing it up, I'm running, man. I'm laughing as I run. I'm untying the carpet quickly. (all laugh) I don't know, I said I was. Yes! Okay. Acrobatics check? Okay, good, because the first roll was a one. The second roll was a 19. Plus! Plus, plus, plus nine is 28. Mm-hm. I drew him out. I survive a free fall and you hit me with that right after? Yeah, will save? So that's-- what is it, I've never done that? That's-- Wisdom, okay. Ow, not very good. Seven. 29 dex save right down the toilet. Fly, he can fly me. SAM  He is falling! Like Superman. I don't know what I am. It has been nice knowing you, ladies and gentlemen. Oh, shit, can I use-- Mawp. Mawp. Yes. I got to get the carpet. (all laugh) What happened? What happened? Noodle-face, yeah. Shoot it in the eye, man. We're on the goblin side, now? Who wants to have a picnic? Come on, baby. Come on, Von Rolo! (ricochet noise) 20. Yeah. Yes. (high-pitched) Natural 20 motherfucker! (high-pitched) Automatic win! That's a big belly flop. But we didn't know, and if there's-- -- if there's more than one of them these, though, he's gone boodle-oodle-ooo to his friends right now, I mean-- -- if we can it'd be good to put this guy in the ground. On Cthulhu's side, you're talking about? Maybe. Well, hold on. All those assholes are still standing on the edge across there. Do we have-- we've flown out of a falling tower before, we were all able to do it, can we just fly up and over those shitheads and go towards the tunnel? Can't we go 150 feet in the air, and-- I was on the bridge when that happened-- -- and fell down. I wasn't way above. When it got me. And you said it's 150-ish feet in here, though, to the ceiling? We can go-- In the direction of goblin town. The Cthulhu side. Yes, but Kima did not fall prey to random beasts, she fell prey to these shits. Vote, yes. Up and over, up and over! Water holes or fire holes? Now. Tiberius can fly, Keyleth is an eagle who can carry a gnome, and maybe my sister? And that leaves Percy and Grog and I on the flying carpet. Can it hold our weight? Let's give it a little test? You lost the vote, Keyleth. You lost the vote. Feather Fall-- The fellowship has broken. The mind flayer isn't on pause! Meanwhile the mind flayer's saying, (gravelly voice) 'I haven't got all day.' (laughs) Well, wanna go down? Scanlan, remember when we had women in this party? Vex'ahlia, what is going on down there? (Gollum voice) Nasty. (whispers) Revenge. Sounds Spanish. He is very thin. Four. (Jimmy Stewart voice) Clarence, Clarence! Come on, Burt Reynolds! Thank you for rebelling, and staking out on your own! Trolls.