Another great indie game. It's pretty rich. We'll be cute in three hours. I can't wait to see the old-timey photos of our propped up dead bodies. Dressed finely. Thanks, Obsidian! Yeah. Yes, many of you have been taking advantage of our code CRITROLE with Wyrmwood Gaming, but not all of you so the rest of you go over to Wyrmwood Gaming. If you use CRITROLE, you get free shipping for any of their beautiful boxes. Mine is Gabon ebony. It's black I really like it. They're gorgeous. Many different colors. Make great Christmas present stocking stuffers. Put your dice in them. You'll like them. I am nervous. Before anyone entered the room. Percival, do you know anything-- Do you know what's just ahead of us? Award show variant costume! (laughter) She can't see you there. Well, go quick. I didn't want to touch it. I am all out of tricks, just about, so may I please have a superior, Grog? I'm offering safety for your facial hair for perpetuity. Now it's in danger. I will let you flick me hard, hard in the nads, should we survive. Can we take a short rest after that? (laughter) I will do this trade. Wait! I pull a stick out of my bag and I put it in my mouth and I bite down very hard on it. Yeah. (groans) (hoarse) There's no sound. At all. (hoarse) The good one, fucker. (hoarse) Are we going to hold this up for when we go against the Briarwoods? I think it'll be confusing. We don't see a ziggurat yet. Is it Candyland? No, I don't remember. I just got flicked in the nuts. I'm not doing that. I'll say jenga. Yeah, I'll wait. So long as no more of your siblings are in danger. I did do it for reasons. You know because I told you. I don't know exactly what was going to happen, but I saw a blade against your sister's throat. I would hope you would do the same for my sister if you were to see the same thing. Scanlan, back me up. If you were to turn into some sort of three-horned beast and go running into a house full of enemies, we would give him a similar talking-to, correct? Scanlan, shut up. We just rested for 30 minutes? How would everyone feel about another seven and a half hours? I think we would definitely prefer them outside, but what would draw them out? I do not know. People are putting their lives on the line. Plus, Uriel is suspect now. He's been corrupted; he is not trustworthy. There's no point going back to him. Cassandra, I want to say something a little frank. I'm very happy that we've found you. I'm very happy that Percival and you have been reunited. We have been burned very badly in the past by seeming allies. And I am sure you are in your right mind. But past experience has taught us to be very careful. And we are all watching you. For signs of corruption or control. I want to believe you are in control of your faculties. I do not fully trust you are and I think, just letting you know that a knife could hit your back as soon as the slightest misstep happened, is maybe enough to ensure some safety for this group. According to Percival, they filled you with arrows. What happened? Why not hang you from that tree in the center of town like they did so many others? I don't think there's anything you can say. I want you back in my friend's life, but I'm sorry, I do not trust you. And I and the others will be watching. All right, so I'm going to go ahead through the hole. Sure, you're very good at that now because of my gift to you. 32. Me first, yeah. Her dress sparkles too much. We're going way ahead. Percy number four. Hi, Pike. I take her hand. I take your hand, Pike, and I kneel down, and I press the back of her hand to my forehead and hold it there for a moment. My nut! I place my Sarenrae hand on her shoulder and say, you're here because she willed you to be here, she knows that we need you. Now please hide behind obese Percival. And I pat my sister on the shoulder and head back into the darkness. Yeah. Perception all that shit down. 20 for me. I lean over to my sister and say, I'm not going to do anything, I'm just going to look 50 feet down-- All right. Looks a little hinky? I'd like to carefully approach and disarm anything I can detect or find. Is that thieves' tools? That's a 27. There's a couple of stones here that I've marked in the middle of the path. Don't step on them, please. 20. I give her the universal rogue movement for scoot back. Yeah, keep going. Ten feet or so. All right. I'm going to inspect and try to do the same. 26. Does it take the whole passage? All right people, we have some gas trapped under a mound of shit up here. Something bad. I'm going to stay here, I'd like you all to bring up the rear, and Kiki, bring the bear. Bring my nephew up, and I'd like everyone to pass ahead, and my sister and I will get Trinket up behind you all. Chalk. The last one was marked with chalk. This one I'm just standing in front of. I'm sure you've got something in that bag of yours that we can plop in front of this. For now, let's just get past it. Plus anything? I am. We are, I assume. Oh! Why don't I look, and then Scanlan can handle it? I'm just going to look, all right? Yeah, 23. Well. Probably. Natural 20. I look back to the group and go, it won't open, it won't-- (laughter) I pull the door a little bit shut behind me and turn to the group and say, this is a room made entirely of metal that presumably did not exist five years ago. I think this is probably bad. Sister, dear, would you help me look? Just from the door, please? Just look. No, in a moment. Please. And perception check the room from here. 29. Pike, Keyleth, will you come up here? We're a little out of our depths here. This seems suspect to me. I'd like you to both have a look. That's a question for you, as well, Percival. Pike, Keyleth, do you make anything of this? You have no knowledge of-- I checked the door, but I didn't check anything else. Can I check the room for traps? I would like to. Rolled a 23. I'll walk up within a foot of the first line you referenced. That will probably tell us what this room is about. I worry a little about alerting people on the other side of the room, but it feels dangerous to go through here. I step one foot behind Cassandra Number Two. So long as you all will pick me up off the floor, I would like to skirt the entire side of the room. See if I can make it to the other door. Please help me if I fall down. And I start along. In the wall? Is it one in the middle and then one in the center of each wall? Just on my wall? I've gone into a crouch, so I'm very low, butt dragging along the floor and just sort of-- Leaning my back against the wall. Continued perception check? Yeah. 23. I check for traps on the door. That is a 24. Or locked? Grog doesn't have an earring, does he? Grog? He's across an 80-foot room! I'm not going to shout down here. There's a big heavy thing. And you're the best you are at what you do. Do you think you could shimmy along on your tummy, along a side wall? Don't stand up because there's gems in the walls along the way and I don't know what they do, so stay low, please? And come meet me up here. I touch one, too. Who's Christ? This is our time now! Where's Cassandra? While all this is happening, I pull the vial of poison that I traded from that hag and start to drip it down onto my blade of life-stealing behind the group. Now, the door's open behind them, right? If I use perception, do I see anything behind them, any switch or lever or anything? 20. Just outside the door. Then I pull the cape around me and I Dimension Door. Outside that door, right by the placard, and jam my hand on that. I have advantage. The Feast gives me advantage, well, but it doesn't stack, right? I rolled a 16. One question, and I'm assuming I'm gone, but in combat, I would be able to roll a wisdom save every six seconds, right? 24 hours. Not this time. Guys, the Briarwoods' personal quarters are really plush. They're sick. Cold as ice, Mercer. Oh no, she's muted. Hanging up and calling you back. I am having some fabulous dark chocolate right now. It is so good. They're feeding it to me. Motherfucker. Oh, I have a rumbly in my tumbly. Quick question while I'm with my new friends, in any moments that they're not telling me to go somewhere or walk somewhere, can I just look at the symbol on my hand? That's it. Just stare at it whenever I can, when they're not paying attention. Where are you? We should all be together. You should join me here. I'm on the top of a thing. I can see very far. Everybody is very attractive up here. I think something nice is about to happen. I'm afraid to ask questions, though; I don't want to seem-- To Sarenrae. With no advantage? I'm still a half-elf. 13. No, I have advantage. Advantage for half-elf, advantage for feast. Total of 13. What is that? Yes. You're still very pretty. Me too. Earring talk. Can I ask a clarification question? The mojo they have on me do I think they're my best friends in the world, or is it more Kilgrave; I do whatever they say, but have my own opinion trapped away? All right. It's a little of both, it seems like. I trust them. Surprise, motherfucker! I don't know why my sister is firing at me, but I would like to use Uncanny Dodge or Evasion, whichever is applicable in this moment, so I don't get hurt. So dexterity, right? That's pretty good. That's a 28. I call out and say, Vex'ahlia, what are you doing? Me too. I call it dying. 16. Is it a bear, or is it fat Percy? Wait, question! Am I still Percy? If she's fooled by a fat Percy, she's surely fooled by a svelte Percy. Does she think she has Percy? What's going on? So she can see big Percy, but realizes it's not big Percy. It's just absurd. I see her confused look, and I call out, we're all Percy! Get it? That was ages ago. What do I do in this situation? I trust them, but I also trust them? I'm going to do whatever you tell me. Were I to see her, the most important person to me in the world, act on Lady Briarwood, I'd be like, "What's up, that's Lady Briarwood, kill her?" Okay, and I've seen Trinket and I've seen Scanlan? I've seen Percy? Then I'm going to step right in front of Lady Briarwood and shield her with my body from Percy. Percival, you've got to stop. This is madness! This is that spirit of yours. Break his head like a melon. Get him. And there's a pillar between you and me in the middle of a 30-foot stretch. Then can I look up and stay in a defensive stance and back towards Lady Briarwood? 12. Come on, Kiki. Is she taking a step away from me? I'm taking my blade with the poison on it, and I'm going to slash at her. That is an 18. Okay, that had whatever that poison is that I sold my soul to a hag for. Okay, so the regular damage is-- Let's deal with one problem at a time! That's a ten for just the damage. No, this is poison. I'm not in a position to sneak attack. 12, 13, 19, 24 points of poison. I just stare with a half-cocked smile. Advantage, because I'm a half elf. I don't need anything because I'm a half-elf. Is she trying to charm me or hold me? Trying to disintegrate me to death? Is it a wisdom thing? Do the daggers then shunt back up to my belt, though? Sure, I'm bigger than you. The whole world's come undone. Okay. Right now? 14. It's a constitution? Okay. Fucking bastard. You're all the way in Vasselheim! Can you unleash some holy fire on any fucks? It's all right, it's all right. You know, the astral plane is tricky. That freaking wizard woman, man! That's good! Chip her down! But the last one was good, so 23. Not again! Constitution save at this point? If only. No. Thinking of IKEA instructions. He's looking rough! Roll. High. Oh my god! That was the thin red line, Travis. Pretty close. 20 feet. He's rough. A thousand pieces. The mace damage-- Break into a million pieces. Our cleric giggles from Vasselheim. If there's a time to blow your wad, it's now. I'm seeing this all in slow motion. Burn him. Sorry, cursed gun! He's going to eat a bag of holy dicks is what you're saying, right? May I ask a question? Does Cassandra's charm come from Sylas or Lady Briarwood? From Lady Briarwood, yeah. Somebody hit her. Hit her! We've got the MVP over here. No, she's asking if I'm still-- Come on. Big roll. 13 plus nothing is 13. Nope. Yeah. You said something about a minute before, though, didn't you? I walk up to Grog and her, and I face Percy and repeat what Grog said. Why not? I turn towards her, and I punch her across the jaw as hard as I can. I'm going to walk up to my sister and take her hand and squeeze it as hard as I can, and just walk forward with her. How far away is she? Can I see her, if I've gone up to her? All right. I'm going to start throwing as soon as I'm near my sister. Hi. No, but I could get closer. That's true, Grog. That's true. That's a good point. What is the relationship to her, if I've just gotten next to her? No, shut up, you. Where are we, and where is she? Are we on the edge of a ledge or a wall? So you said Jennifer Lopez is 80 feet from us? 15. Can I use Uncanny Dodge at this moment? Yeah. What, is she casting a spell? I can also use Evasion. Right, but depending on what it is. Those both do different things. Okay, they do the same thing. Sorry. It was a 15, so half damage. Matthew. You're very good at this. That's it. I just want to say you're very good at this. 20. Wait, there's an orb coming up from where? And we're how high in the air from the floor that she's on? If I go to the very edge, how far am I from her? That's within range, right? Yeah. I'm throwing, then, at her. 60 feet, because I'm sharpshooter, so I take no disadvantage. Yeah, I don't like her. Yeah, so I'm going to throw two daggers at her. I don't know if there's any poison left-- I'm sure there's not-- on the Life-Stealing, and the Keen. First one is not good at all. That's a 14, and the second one hits. That's a 28. That is the Life-Stealing. That is seven points of damage. You flicked me in the left nut. Are you complicit? Let's see what happens. Question. Did we surprise her? She's well aware that we're here. Did I go before her? Is there initiative here? Did I go before her turn? I think this is going to be shot down, and I'm fine if it is, but I know that with Assassinate, if I go before the enemy does, it's an automatic critical. If she rolls really high. Really high. Yes. Come on. Hail Mary pass, here we go. Good attempt, though, Sam. One? 20? Come on. Coup de grace. No. No. No! Shut up. Four and-- pretty good. That's good. 20, and? Six. Whose turn is it? I'm leaping. If you let me leap, I'm going to leap and take an acrobatics check. 20. Natural fucking 20! I have a potion with my sister's name written on it, and it's going in her mouth. All right. I'm right there? So I can't do anything else? I can't do a bonus action? I can't do nothing. Then I'm throwing a knife at Lady Briarwood, which I can use a bonus action to attack her. Fuck. All right, I'll hold. She's got time. Come on down. Let's party. I'm going to circle around to her right now. No, I know. Oh, shit. Yes, I am. Fuck that. I'm feeding a potion to my sister. Thank you. 4d4 plus four. With no talk of death saves at all? How do we get her-- Keyleth, we need vines! 11, that's a success. Fuck that bitch! We need to get my sister out of this room. Keyleth, can we use vines? What can we use to get my sister out of this room now? We've got to get her up and out. Percival, do you have a rope? I pull the rope out from my sister's side and I start lassoing it-- fuck that-- throw it up to Percival. I'm tying it to my sister right now. Come on. Fail. I've tied it around my sister. Pike, Percy, pull! Pike, please help her! Pull her out the door and heal her! It will work. Pull her out of here! 12. Save. Pull her out! I'm running at the wall and I'm trying to climb it, stupidly. 15. I scream at the top of my lungs, pull her out of here! I'm still climbing dead bodies. Have I reached the top? I want to pick up Pike under my arm like a fucking football and run forward after my sister. That's a 20. I'm planting Pike's glowing form right down on my sister's chest. You did succeed three times. All right. I don't know what's going on, but I've got her and I'm hugging her from behind and turning my back towards whatever is in that room. I don't know what's going on. Let's drag her out of here. Percy, you can shoot her in the head a hundred yards from here. I'm picking up my sister and lurching after Grog. I'm picking you up, and I'm lurching after Grog! She's doing it physically. We've got acid from a tube. Let's get out of here. Keyleth, it's a good idea. Destroy the temple. I push my sister into Grog's massive arms because he can hold fucking five people, and I start running back towards the ziggurat. Yes. Yes, you are. Whatever you're going to do, just fucking do it. For no reason. You're a bad man! [no audio] (laughter) (mock-crying) Is it Thursday yet?