I said a bad word. I got the soap. Brick bray! Your sweaty shirts. Man, we've gotta find Larkin. Brazen, guys. Just scooping up Pike into a bit of a piggy back ride and carrying her inside and we're going to rest. You're way down by 101 hit points, though. Whoa! What just happened? Find the Plate of the Dawnmartyr. Park Place, motherfucker! Condos in Marquet. Meanwhile, for the last twenty minutes, I've been combing blood out of Pike's hair, and we've been having god talk, and as I put little fun buns in Pike's hair I say, "You know, sometimes I feel "like she is right there with me. I ask questions and I know the answers, but most of the time I "don't know anything. Does the balance ever shift?" That is so cool. We've got to find Larkin though, what do we do about Larkin? You're not here! Aye, but he's out here on his own in the cold. Ravenites everywhere! You're probably right. Let me even you off. That shit has been festering for months! They're starving. Can we make Percy some dragonborn armor right now, somehow, so he can be all white, all over? Scanlan, do you have a room here? For cold things? You have everything here, do you have a chilly room? What's that mask? Do you feel anything? What's it doing? Oh, you don't want to fuck with this. Are you sure? Maybe just a little bit. (laughter) Whoa. It's like Latin in the world of D&D. Priss, what's it say? (laughing) Yeah. Couple of chickens on it? So you didn't go in, you saw it? Keek, you could probably melt your way in there in 24 hours. That is the cutest. God-mode! That's for a very special day. Most of the time, but once in awhile-- A centimeter. Does it say attunement on it? Like going to a white dragon lair. To the back of his head. So they don't know if he's going or coming. You want to have a drink with me? Is there an aerated wine cellar? (laughter) Yes! You're not there. I don't know what any of these are; do you know what's good and what's bad? You were better at that than I am. I'm grabbing a random Two Buck Chuck next to me on the wall. Hey, hey, hey. To Vex'ahlia, the dragon slayer. (slamming) Oh shite, we should do it for real. Oh man, I'm proud of you. Yeah. No. Well, that's three of five. I don't know if we're all going to live, but I think that collectively we might actually pull it off. Yeah. Almost bit it, out there. Again. Can I have a hug? Yeah, old news. We've done it before, we'll do it again. Hey, do you want to try jumping around with those boots? You want to try to jump around anyway? What can you do? How high can you go? It's good, yeah. No reason, I'm procrastinating. How long are you going to torture yourself for? Push out the wings. No, I can't! Will you come down here and talk to me? Yeah. What are you doing? You know I've known for a while? It's all over your face, I've known you since you were a baby, I've known for a while. I've almost died. You have died. He died. What are you fucking doing, Vex? Timing could have you dead in the ground tomorrow. And do you know something? Hey. He leads with this. Not with that. Yeah. Fucking smart-ass. Maybe he'll surprise you, but I don't know. (snorts) You're a dummy. I'm the dummy, why are you such a dummy? What the fuck do we have in this world except for moments with each other? That's all we've got. I want you to have some happiness in your life. I want you to have a little more. There's no reason to hold back. Why? Who cares? You know what's awkward? A life not lived. Listen, you're my sister, and I love you very much, and I know a lot about you, and I can help you in a lot of ways. But not every way. There are facets of you that have nothing to do with me. I want you to be happy, and we all could be dead in a week. You know that. I'm a fucking idiot. I don't know anything. I never forget it. Ever. In the game or out of the game, Laura. It's a short life we got. I'm not going to tell you what to do, but I won't tell you what to do. I do want you to be happy. And on a side note-- he's a little fucked up. And he only listens to you. Yes it is. Who does he listen to? Yeah, they enjoy each other's company, I know that, but you're really the only one who he listens to. So I need you to-- he has impulses. He has impulse control. I have impulse control. He has a different kind of impulse control. You know what I'm talking about. I take another bottle of wine and I (gulps). Am I drunk, am I at disadvantage now, if do the whole bottle? Grab another bottle. (groans) I want to go see some fireballs get shot, I'll see you later! Woo! (booming) And I walk away! (Oprah voice) Spire of Conflux! It's good wine! How do you do that? We just drank it out of the bottle. (elephant sound) Wait, is Percy still riding? Just look at the shirt, Matt, just look at his shirt. Can we also say that the two winos have come down to watch? Ayy, Fredrickstein the Science Guy, nice job! Look at that! That is beautiful. He got polymorphed into De Niro. (laughter) You need some of those blue guys with an aerator at all times down in those cellars. One of your blue guys! The blue guys! That disappears with this place-- Well, nobody farted in our wine tonight. We had to drink it regular. It's pretty good right now. We should go now. I have 25 hit points. I'm fine! Yeah, but did you see her fun buns, though? I did those. Yeah, I pulled little fun buns-- What do you think I meant? What else does fun buns mean except for little, cute, little hairballs on your hair? Oh, gosh! Neither Vax nor Liam knew there was anything other than little cute hair buns-- Fun buns. What is a "fun bun" besides a fun bun? You guys! We got to find Larkin! Can you use the hit-- never mind.	We don't even want to take an hour for me to slip this on and go see if there's anything of value? Yes. I can look for those. I do like buddies to go. Do you need to go to the boat? All right. Ooh! I slip Whisper into my pack and I put this ring on. (Gollum voice) Nasty! (Gollum voice) Nasty! (Gollum voice) She's a nasty woman! (laughter) (whispers) Oh, that's legit! I could've hanged back, but I've been meaning to say this whole time that I was creeping around the thrones, I'm just going to throw that out, that I'm up there. So if I'm almost on it, should I be making a dex save as well? I was going to poke around and look around it. I rolled a one, but I have lots of Luck left. And now I'm fine. So that's a 26. I think it might have given him a little bit of juice when he was at home. Extra ability when he was here, maybe. Why would a dragon keep a boat? Yeah. You know about that, Percy? While we're all standing here with our thumbs in our butts, could I look around and see if I see a little stone, a little palantir? Ugh, Luck again. Jeepers creepers. 26. I'm invisible. In the past, in other locations, you mean? And how far down are they under the ice? I'm going to go find my sister. Hey! I'm invisible! Here I am. LAURA and Yes, I saw it. I dodged out of the way. I'm right here. Yes, but I'm invisible. Boop! Remember those little round seeing stones? There's a couple under the ice over there. Now, I was invisible so I don't-- Yeah. A couple under the ice, a foot or two away. I didn't see any other ones. I don't know. I was standing right beneath the throne when the throne collapsed. Then I found them. LAURA and One of them was, yeah. LAURA, MARISHA, TALIESIN, and Fucking-- The whole time she's been talking, her braid has been going like a magical jump rope because I'm standing here doing this with it. Oh yeah, that was last night. (sings a fanfare) I've brought one from your house. Damn it! V-A-X. Your turn. Oh, I'm sure he'll win. No, even at his lowest it'll be higher I bet. 21. Zorro. Yeah, if he thinks of it. (singing) Anything can happen in the woods. Look at our signatures in the snow, that's fucking beautiful! I shit it.