Pass 'em down, pass 'em down. (thumps) "Oh, same thing that kills us all around here. Dust poisoning. As we all know the Dust "Bowl's full of radioactive dust. It melts your face clean off of the bone." "Oh, Lord, what will we ever do with this dust?!" Well it's not really an announcement, I'm just a willing accomplice with one of my favorite artist buddies. Sedona Parnham has sent something she has made specifically for Sam Riegel. So it was sent to me on the sly, because you're so dear. To all of us. So dear. So charming. And now you will be well-rested. Please accept this gift. No, don't read-- it's nothing to read. Just open it up and show us all what you find. There's only one other copy of that pillowcase, and it is mine. (laughter) Yeah. I mean, we need a blanket as well. So that was from Sedona who is known as @anodesu on Twitter. She's done a ton of great art for this show. She's one of my favorites; she's a buddy now. I feel like you're working some shit out, here. (laughter) Like charcoal. We're walking out in public at this point, right? And there's people about? We see other beings about? So, question, because I put on the Ring of Invisibility before we left. But Senokir, I think, might have chuckled when I gave my sister a wet willie. So as we're walking, and I've got the ring on, as we pass people I'm doing this and looking to see if anyone is reacting to that. (fart noise) (coughs) (softly) Yeah. I will stealthily pick my sister's locks. Get behind Grog. Well, I'm going to Luck that sucker. It doesn't matter, it doesn't matter. It's a 20. Okay. Okay, that's fine as well. That's 25. As I trail backwards behind her you hear twins, motherfucker! (laughter) I thought the same thing! It's a scratch, no pick! You could also chat with him and I could walk over and take it. What's the guesstimate on this fella's height? How high up is that side? All right, that's pretty tall, that's pretty high. I have two Vestiges. No way! Pull a hammie? Who was that? As we leave, I give the saddest puppy stare to that wallet on the side of his belt and wish upon a star. And then I leave. I wave at a couple. Quietly. This guy likes to party. She won it in a card game and hung it on the wall as a decoration. I don't want to do anything. I want you to win this in a game of cards. But I'll be a plan B. They're not going to see me. Yeah! And then you pretend like you tripped! So let me go. I'm already climbing. Would this be acrobatics? Athletics. Dang it, Bobby. That's a 16. I think there might be a lot of giants potentially in here at any one time. But nobody in here now? Are there any other windows along from where I am? I know they would be a ways off. Yeah. That's a 19. Yeah cool, I'm just hanging. So fast, but so weak. I have little indoor fans, like I'm a baseball mascot. Is it transparent? So it's just cloudy? Can I check for traps? Okay, oh good, 27. Looking at it, do I think I could disarm it from this side? Or is it something from the inside of the room? Okay, and I can't see shit. Natural 20. Oh, perception? A total of 32. Any armor on the walls? Well, my arms are starting to do this thing so I'm going to start going down. Does it get stuck with the dent? 25. Are there any pieces of armor with a sun on it? The cards are going to be like giant novelty cards. How many feet up the wall? While you don't recognize them as letters, they're like little characters that you're familiar with the burly guy, and then the cross guy, he's holding swords. Stone-cold gnome. So in this room, let's say you're her, and we're all where we are, and the giants are behind the group, is that about right? And how much room is there behind her and the wall? I'm going to slowly tippie-toe around the side of the wall, carefully avoiding giants. I want to stand not directly behind her, but off at an angle. 30. So there's three rolls in a row, and she's done two. Can we see them from where I am? Yeah, I'm at an angle, but I'm a lot lower than she is. Luck. That's fine. 22. Can I (mutters inaudibly) in the earring, as quiet as a mouse? Can I just breathe it? With advantage? Is it three rolls? I don't understand the game. Yeah, I'm going to wait. I'm standing there, but I'm not-- At the respawn point. Did it get dark out at all? Or no? Who's that guy? What is that guy? I mean, are we in a hurry, do we want to try to make this happen tonight? I'm not talking about him, I'm talking about doubling back to the house and trying to get through the servants' window. If we're in a hurry, I mean we've killed some pretty gnarly things, I know they're big. So are we. Yeah. And I'm sure the other thing will be super easy. It's on the table. I mean, whatever, you know. I'm going to follow your lead. Yeah, that's what I was suggesting. You seemed to be able to talk Yenk into doing whatever you wanted. Do you think you could do that with this guy? I meant convince him to come inside. Could be. What about this? This is a terrible idea. Could one of us goad him into following us out of his abode or some building, somewhere, and you plop the mansion door outside the actual door? So he goes to try to leave the tavern or whatever the fuck, he goes into our house? I like the mansion idea. What if we pitched the mansion as a traveling magical boutique slave shop? Artisan slave shop? We lube this guy up in a loincloth and this guy after a hard day's tinkering, and we sell them! This guy can sell anything! This guy could sell a hunk of shit to the Emperor of Emon. That's the plan! We're septuplets! Sextuplets! And you're the salesman. I mean, we're fairly attractive! I feel like six of us would be worth the price of admission. It's got the word "sex" right in it! Sextuplets! Sex sells! Sextuplets sell! Artisanal half-elf slaves. One addendum. Our sizes don't change, right? We could be the Matryoshka nesting dolls. From biggest to smallest. That's unique! Oh, that would go to shit anyway. So far, only Cinnabons here has been able to see through my shit. Scan-Man, can you rearrange the inside of the mansion to look like whatever you want-- Could it be a theater for presentation, or a ring to show off amazing skills? Wings, arrows? Can we build a stage out of chickens? (high-pitched) Flames! LIAM, TALIESIN, and Smash cut to a year later where he's going, "See. Kevdak. Run." There's AC in here, isn't there? Three Vex's, I mean, it's kind of the same. Which one? Can they be gold, delayed later, when they pop out? Oh, shit. Well. In my shoulder blades. Yeah, well, it feels that way. The Seeming on us-- We look like us already. Is that for memories or for some voodoo shit? From each of us or-- Do we need a shingle to put out front? Flowers to make it look pretty? Oh my god, you look just like my sister! You look just like me! That is fucking weird-- (laughter) Yeah! Slightly? Completely butcher! (laughter) We're the showroom window. We don't want to look like Three Card Monte guys with a cardboard box-- In a row, in a row. We all need to be voguing. I murder an old lady. (laughter) This is how Sam wooed me in 2008. (laughter) (retching) Grog, slap me really hard across the face right now. Sweet, sweet ignorance. I'm taking off a hit point. Wait, did you drop a bunch of gold on them? Like how much? I have found, put your hand up here like this when you're talking to them because Percival sounds like Percival. We fit right in. Preemptive jenga. Can I tell you something really quick? I am super impressed with you. That was very kind. That's it. Get ready. (airhorn noises) But I did the airhorn! I slowly flex out my black wings, slowly, and lower them, and take a step half-covering you, and say, Are you all right, master? Do you need my help? How are the twins and boss-man here arranged in the alley, or outside the door? What's our proximity to him? Was Scanlan walking toward him, or had they gotten right up against each other? I'm going to forget by next week. Is Scanlan walking toward him, or had Scanlan gotten right next to him? Sextuplets! What you going to be working on?