No, I have one last announcement. I would like to announce that my father is hiding, six feet away from me, over there from my Skype window. He rolled very high in his stealth, and while he may not understand what my career is, he believes that I have one. (laughter) Lady demon with Pit Fiend. Well, how far are we talking about? Me? In me? Why? All right. It's the first I'm hearing about it, trust me. Well, do you think that's because of the Raven Queen? Or is it because of the choice of appearance I picked? I mean, we've met an albino tiefling before, it didn't seem like that outlandish a choice. Not that I noticed, no. This is just an extra wrinkle into a larger problem. So, what's the move now? Yeah, it's got yes-bait right in. We saw an imp back in Krieg's house, did it look like that? The little bastard in the library at Krieg's house. No? Oh, that's right. That's right, that's right. The slaying, right. The slaying was in the basement, but the imp was in a library upstairs-- -- in our house. And he was just a little prick. What's the one thing that's older? I caught it. (laughter) Vex, you're being awfully quiet, what do you think we should do right now? (laughter) I mean, I don't know what the deal is with the people who are interested in me. I can't tell if one's better or worse. But we're just going to go waltz out into town and see what happens, is that the idea? Kiki, the prison that you saw, did you get an idea for how big it is? The prison. That we need to break into or get arrested and pulled into-- Well, well, hold on, I've got one more spitball idea. Vex? That gate stone that we've used so many times, does that only work on the material plane? Does it work-- Right! Would it take us off this plane, though, or no? So that's a dead end. All right. While you were standing two feet away? Yeah. I mean, also, if we want to get, y'know, pinched and put into this prison, what are the chances that we-- if we start shit here, are we just going to get killed in the streets? Or dragged off? It doesn't seem very solid to me, but I don't have any other idea. Jeez, Tary, you've gone straight gangsta in so little time. I mean, I really don't see the harm in spending another day here and getting the lay of the land. What, is Doty the center that breaks the tie? Come on, Trinket. Do it. I mean, she's full Mystique, she can pretty much do it all at this point. I just want to update my iPhone, jesus! So, like, we went in to buy a car, and he's also offering us a condo and land in Florida, at the same time, is that about it? One of our souls, or all our souls? Oh, that's not so bad. Tell me-- how much time? 25 minutes? What can we do in 25 minutes? We could fast-talk a couple of people. Were there any last little bit of Hotis grit or funk in my belly button where he shanked me? No? Hotis. I mean, he had knives, but that's the only thing I remember. Yeah, I mean he was just a-- Like a cat baby wrapped in bacon when we saw him. Wode. You can call me Wode. Wode. Wode and Wade! This is insulting! Skip the small stuff, what have you got? That's it? Now you have our attention. What can you tell us about that? Tary, is that thing working right now? Okay, before we leave, I want to hang back just for a sec, and, hey, Slenderman. You seem a nervous type. You keep to yourself, do you? Where would you not go, to stay out from under the noses of your betters? You hide in your shop. Where do you avoid so you don't get stepped on? Thanks. Same. 30. So the man on top has cast a wide net over this city? There's no way we're unseen. Yeah. That's a good idea. Thanks, Wade. Did you zero in? I'm going to accompany Grog, yeah. "You know, I'm going to watch-- You go first." And I put my hand on his arm and say, "Let's just see how you do." And I don't take my hand off. Hey. You all right? You feeling all right? What's the aftertaste like? Huh. He legitimately seems fine? He's all right, he's not like-- veins aren't popping out, nothing amiss? All right. "Yeah." I grab a small, just a small piece and put it in my mouth, and I spit it out immediately. Immediately. Yeah. Hah, yeah. Let's go back up. Yeah, we're kind of eatin' it in here. I also think, Freddie, that you're more capable of resisting temptation, as you say. Sorry, Yrat. And besides, you have us around you, friend. I mean, Yrat, we're still easing you in. Freddie has a little more experience than you, and I think that we can put our faith in that. With a red pen. Fred, get that, sign it. I push Yrat back, away from Freddie. You're here, enjoy the ride. Freddie has this, thank you. But he was extremely frightening. 16. That's like Super Nintendo lingo. Can I have half a boar meat? And he's doing that, unfortunately. You're going to introduce us to your little friend there? I know his name, thank you. With the right conditions, if we keep quiet, I can lay some pretty heavy hurt on this guy at the get-go. If we keep quiet. 44. That's my nickname, man. Don't shit on my nickname. Can I share some of my 37 with Percy? Do the rest of us see this, by the way? I'm going to quietly follow behind the imps. Oh, never mind. Can I trail this thing? I got a 46 on stealth, can I-- It looks like a target. Whisper. With a 46 stealth. Would this be a surprise, if I'm that stealthed? 25 to hit. All right. 12, and I will do a second attack as well. 12. Oh wait no, it is Sneak Attack, right? Thanks. 12, 25, 27, 33, 35, 42, plus psychic damage from that, 42, so 45. 37. 37. He can just edge along the top of the iron, yeah? Is it Doty-shaped? He's not the hero we wanted, but he's the hero we need. (laughter) I gently push my sister to the side and try the same. Yeah. 24. So none of those forms are moving, breathing, anything, as far as I can tell. Yeah. All right. We have some deadish things in here, kind of moving-- It looks like it. I'd like to go in and get a closer look. Is everybody cool with that? That's fine. That's 40 with the Pass Without a Trace. I'm going to use Divine Sense in this room. Am I within 50, 60 feet of that dwarf? Yeah, Divine Sense. Presence of strong evil registers on my senses. And the dwarf appears alive? Yeah. There's a woman dwarf in the room ahead of us. Hard to say, I don't think so, but I don't know. I'm going to inch ahead of everybody. I mean, she's not melted, like the poor shits we've seen all over this city. Are the manacles trapped at all? I'm going to check for traps. Really high. Oh, a 31 or 33. All right. All right, give us a second, my sister and I will. 30. Well, we're tourists. We're here to solve a problem. I get the flametongue dagger out. Is your shit on the walls around here? Do you see it in here? 18. Oh, kids. Is it the quiet gun? Oh, right, right, right. Oh, yes. Ah, she Beorn-ed it! Damn it. Shit, and he's out of sight now? All right. I'm gonna-- I can't really see from where I'm at, so I want to move more in line with the door and see if I can see him if I run over in line. Dagger, dagger. First one is-- balls, is 17. Second one is a 29. Nyeh. Fuck a duck. There's two plus-- that is just two, but it's the poison dagger, so I'm gonna unload venom in him. DC 15. Okay. So he takes-- that's the wrong die. He-- ah! Oh, it's going as far as it possibly can. That is 19. Yeah. Ten and a nine. That's it, I'm out, I'm done. No, I don't, I want to stay where I am. Nope. Nope! I'm across the country, man, I can't really see. Yeah. I'm always doing squats, man. You got to love yourself. All right, I can't see too well from here, so, from where I am, crashed in front of my sister, do I see the lemure? All right. And am I within 60 feet? I'm going to chuck Whisper at it. I'm Sharpshooter, so only full cover affects my attacks. I got a 22. Okay, and I'm going to bamf there on this, and Grog is right up against it? Is anybody right next to it? All right, so that's Sneak Attack damage. So that is four plus eight is 12, plus psychic damage, that's 19, plus the Sneak Attack damage is 22, 26, 27, 32, 37, 40, 44 total. For my new vantage point, do I see the winged creature that you had referenced? That is 24. All right. I am going to use my bonus action to hide if I can. I should have full movement. Can I back into a corner of the room? Sure. That's a 40. Oh, 30. Is there anything anyone wants to do before we go in? Last second, real quick? Meantime, our friend is sealed off behind a closed door? There's a shut door between us and this guy? I'm going to creep along towards our friend there. DM, I have no sense of where I am, because of New Jersey. Where am I on that map? Oh, I meant to sneak ahead. Over the earring If he knows we're here, then all bets are off, but if he doesn't know we're here, I'm going to be able to lay a massive amount of hurt on him. What if?