Between 100 and 400 is when we're doing stuff. Yes! This is the final chance for y'all to jump on Joe Madureira's Kickstarter, Battle Chasers Nightwar. They have absolutely killed their Kickstarter. They hit their goal, their initial goal about two or three days in, and they have been hitting every single stretch goal they've had. They've got one last mystery stretch goal left to hit. So it's a good time to get in and just get them to the very tippy, tippy top of their campaign, which is about to end. If you guys don't know, really quick, because I've been talking about it for two weeks Joe Madureira, amazing comic book legend, has drawn everything. It looks like nobody else's and has a good history in game dev as well. Created Darksiders with his company, Vigil Games, that he helped found. And now he has founded Airship Syndicate, and they're making an RPG in the style of JRPGs that you've loved in your lives. But also with Joe's ridonkulous art style. So go get on it. Hey, everybody! That robe just takes it to a whole new level! I'm somewhat entranced. Let him get it out of his system. Steampunk! I worry, too, but he did lose his entire family. I am assuming. But he lost his entire family to those people. It's a fair point. We don't want to be corrupted by the very evil that we mean to stamp out in this world. She was trying to kill us. But your point is taken. But she wasn't the secretary. She was trying to kill. I don't know! I mean, I see what Keyleth's saying, but I don't really want to cramp your style, Scanlan. We're like the A-Team, and that's your specialty. I don't really want to-- See, you should just shit when you feel the urge. Tibs, we were just discussing the future of the group and the direction we've been taking. And a point was introduced that maybe perhaps, we started as a sort of a-- mercenary group is a bit strong-- but this alliance we have formed out of convenience. We all needed to eat. But now that we're at the stature we are, in a keep, in Emon. Friends to the emperor. We want to figure out what we're doing here. Do we want to be just powerful badasses who walk around getting what they want, or are we trying to enact some positive change in this world? Well, there's no question that you are an invaluable member of Vox Machina, and our friend, and our family. And that is not in question. Well, I think the point is your abilities in arcane wonder are expanding daily. Exponentially. And perhaps be a little tentative. Do a little practice run in the woods on your own, once in a while, and see what the effects are before you go whipping it out. Keyleth. Clearly, we all love you as family, and nobody blames you, but you once killed a child, and none of us blame you for that. And that happened in the heat of battle. I'm well aware. And it all falls apart. No one agrees with you today more than I, and I think we can adjust our perspective slightly. Right, Grog? See? Absolutely. Not intentional. No. Well, I've got these little scars right here. And then there was what's-his-name, Awesome Pants, who was there. We know she knows what's up, but whether she can be used as a reliable witness is-- we've got multiple witnesses. They were incinerated. I buzz over to that specific guard and say, do you have a lost and found here? I have this really badass serpent-style belt. Sometimes it crawls around on its own. Sometimes it's just a belt. And I lost it here the other night. And I'm really hoping-- I mean, it ties everything together. Is there anyone I can check with? 19. I step forward. Uriel. With all respect, I needn't remind you what the group of people before you put themselves through on your behalf and your family's behalf. We almost lost one of our own. And if that counts for nothing here, then nothing makes sense. But if that is not enough, let us start here. One thing at a time. That's true, but one thing at a time. We had prior knowledge of the Briarwoods' intentions before this evening. And I myself went to spy on them. I will subject myself to any test, to any wizard or mage in this city who you know can ascertain the truth. To look through my eyes, to see my memories. I don't know shit about magic, but there are people who do. And don't take our word for it. Anyone, have them look in here. Do you not want the truth? This is why I offer myself completely into your control and put myself under your supervision and any user of the arcane arts you want to peer inside my mind, let them step up to the plate, because I have nothing to hide. Uriel, your own family was not themselves! And you know that! Look into my mind! Now! Today! You don't need to guess anything. Well, one may smile and smile and still be a villain. It's Tuvan throat singing. And when are you to look into my mind? It freaking ends here. Right away. There is no spoon. We've no intention of going anywhere. I'm sorry. I was just talking to one of your friends. Have you seen a belt that is shaped like a snake? Sometimes it moves around on its own. And it answers to the name Simon, but usually it's just a belt and looks really cool. Have you seen it? Is there a lost and found I can check out? It's very dear to me. Where's that other guy? He was more receptive to this. Do I see that other guy? It's on all the fan art. It really makes sense to have it on me. Keep an eye out for it. 100 gold to any chap who finds it and holds onto it for me. I'm a nice guy! (laughter) That's terrible. Six. I'll risk it all. Is he playing some sort of long game here? How did she flee when she was unconscious? Allura, all I know how to do is break locks, but I've seen these people do things with magic that have defied expectations. Why can no one look into my memory? You have looked across miles. Cannot anyone look into my mind and see? Are there no spells that can divine if someone's speaking true? Are we talking about that motherfucker's teeth? I feel like I've failed you. Fucking politics. So we tell them that we're going to their political-- the people that they're trying to create a political relationship with? We're just going off to invade your political allies. You're pretty. Thanks for the cups, guys! The cup. Well, let's go check on this poor little shit in the dungeon. Grog, come on. Let's go have a talk with someone. Let's go arm in arm in one big line! I have one. Me too. I did well. I rolled 18 on them. Are we certain he's not describing a dragon? What about this? What if you supplied us with a small stream of produce for our servants here at the keep? For cooking, for feeding them, for feeding us when we're here? It'll be a sight less than 500; it wouldn't be nothing. You could still give us something. Quickly. Presently, we will find you. Guys, we were told to sit and spin basically. I mean, what's wrong with earning some brownie points in the eyes of Uriel? Yes. Tomorrow morning at the latest. We have a little bit of business. Yeah. I take him by the hand and say, we will see you presently. And you can take that to the bank. Hide your bull; hide your wife. I'm not going. I'm just going to go hang out up on the wall outside the keep. Just be glad you're not an old woman. I wasn't there for any of that. I was upstairs on the roof, just thinking. I hide behind-- I don't want to get hit, so I'm going to crouch down a little bit, carefully behind one of the pieces of wall. Yeah. Rough landings, sometimes. Easy. Be careful. Why, I suppose I was. The others are downstairs interrogating that boy. Where have you been? Do you want to have a drink? I've got a flask. You normally drink water. You want a shot, though? I pull out my flask, and I'm amazed, because I've never seen this and I hand it over to him. Do you want to pass that bad boy back? Is it hot? Oh, it's empty! Well, I guess that was worth it. Tiberius-- I just got him drunk! No, no, he took a shot of the old firewater, and I don't know. We might want to slap him a bit-- Let's find Keyleth. I gave him his first drinky. I'm sorry. Do you think you could pull him out of it? I thought he was going to say no! He didn't leave me any. Vax walks away, off the roof. Out of here. I'm gone! I think that the Hallucinatory Terrain wouldn't work. I felt like they could see right through me. Do you think you could fix him? Because he's a lot of firepower if we're going to go-- Fine. That was fine. That was the heat of the moment. She was angry. We're a team. Running water. If I create a trap here, can you bind some magic to it? Is there a possibility, DM, that I could-- if he's sobered up-- if I set a trap, that a spell of his could be bound to it, somehow, and go off? I have no idea. All right. So I can look into it for the future, but not today. Can we leave Trinket? To watch. I actually picked his pocket and took his bottle of endless water. Don't you have a bottle of water like that? Oh. Oh, well. And the biggest you have are the bulls, you said? And you're certain this is a feathered beast, or no? I think I'm better served waiting to strike. If it grabs one of them, I'll deal more damage. If it grabs me, I'll deal no damage. But if it grabs Scanlan cow, I can-- Wait. What's going on? Are we turning into cows? I don't understand magic. Just like the brothels, eh? Boy, if Uriel could see us now. (laughter) My cow is going stealth. 23. How fast can the rest of us do anything? It's gone? 17. I'd like to use a bonus action to click Boots of Haste together, and I think if I do that, I have two actions at that point, right? Just attack. So what I want to do is click the Boots of Haste together, use the original action to run as far as I can towards the bird, and then use my final action to sneak attack the thing since it's got Keyleth in its talons. That's up to you. All right. It would just be one-- I mean if I use the dash to run as far as I can, that would leave me with one attack probably? I'm trying to be a Boy Scout here. Wouldn't the Boots of Haste clicking be the bonus action? Yeah. That is 22 to hit. All right. And that's not a whole lot. That's ten. Ten. Yeah. Oh yeah. Then I missed. Fuck-sticks. Keyleth, just get out of its fucking hands and fall. You can change. We'll catch you; we'll do something! Just fall. Oh, make an acrobatics check. My intelligence is not six! What a heroic move! Amazing! The cows take off into the night sky. I've got Haste! Double me, yo! I got Haste. Is what she cries out heroically. Yo, I heard you liked cows, so I gave you some cows with your cow. But he's as heavy as a dust mote, so he just goes like this all the way down. Right? Never go full Gandalf. Tables have turned, motherfucker! Tables have turned! Hey! You're not a cow anymore! Oh! Awesome! As the twins are flying, I say, hey, did you notice we have the same pattern? Twins! The remainder of that damage went into its hit points. Fly after that motherfucker! Can you track it? With advantage, I rolled a two. I'm not used to being flying, really. We're going to take out the mom and train the babies. Yeah. We're going to capture those babies and we're going to train them. Is it the same stealth roll or an additional stealth roll to go forward at this point? Oh. Well, I mean, I knew I rolled shitty. 13. That seems complicated. He's controlling it. While he's blithering, can I make an additional cow stealth check? To come up behind the guy. Near him. Not even near him. Just to get a better vantage point. Does that cancel out with my advantage from my cloak? Shut up, baby, I know it. (laughter) Yeah. 31. Touching what? I whack him in the back of the head. Let's get ready to rumble. I pause. Ask him if he's considered Whitestone? I walk out from behind him and just walk past.