We told ourselves 40 and done. That's as Irish as it can gets. Oh, I voice directed on two games. They're the exact same game, basically. One is called 'The Witness.' Mastermind Jonathan Blow has created a very, very unique game. There's no shooting people in the face or any of that, but it looks to be one of the best gaming experiences of the year. And then I also directed the voices for-- And Ashley Johnson is in The Witness. And I also got to direct most of the voiceover for, what's it called? Lego Marvel Avengers, which everybody-- You've heard of it. Show of hands, who's doing a voice in the game? Aww. Well, next one. She was the first and last person I thought of. Also unique fun fact Ashley is playing the character she played in the Avengers movie, so her Lego figure looks like her. That code is 'critrole'. Critrole. You get free shipping if you type in 'critrole', but you got to do it on their website, not other websites. Brooklyn? What else can we talk about for the next four hours? Pike, heal? I'm all right. I think in the short term, we need to take care of two things one, get a vantage point and see how the keep is and what we can see from above. We also need to get the staff out of here, we need to send them away immediately. Out of the city, though, into the wild? I'm all right, so I'm going to go find the staff and herd them down below and tell them what has happened. This one's on everyone? I'm going to start moving through the entire place, I'm going to start at the front gate and see if anybody's outside. It's actually not all right, we need to gather everyone right now, quickly, I'll explain after we've gotten everyone in the keep. We need to go to Percival's workshop, can you help me with that? But I'm on my own, right? Go to Percival's workshop, go, I will handle it. I'm going to go stealth toward the door to see what the hell is going on out there. Yeah, it's a 29. I'm going to start running up towards them. I'm going to join them on the wall. How many people am I seeing down there? If I look past, do I see anyone else coming towards the keep? Is it just a cluster and that's it, or-- All right, slapping my hand on Kendrick's shoulder. We are going to let these people in. The city has come under attack, everything is fucked beyond belief. There are at least four large, old dragons attacking the city, and these people need to come inside. I don't know what we're going to do with them, but we're going to bring them in now. And you and I are going to wait by the gate for those stragglers to come in. The rest of you, take them inside, join the others. I scream out, get the gates open now! And I'm fireman's pole down the ladder, down one side of the ladder to get to the gate. I scream out if you rush, you will die! No, I already said I went down. 24. A little, tiny ray of sunshine. Now it's angry. I'm going to dive by that tree. Yeah, I'm going to use my bonus action to hide. And I'm going to hold my attack until it is on the ground or low to the ground. Can I attack right now? I was holding my attack. 60, because I'm Sharpshooter. So I'm going before him, and it's a surprise attack because I'm hidden and I'm going first-- So it's an advantage and it is an automatic crit? It's not surprised? Even hiding behind a tree? All right. 24. All right. And then the second dagger I throw-- I can only throw a second one-- is also a 24. So the first one is double dice, so eight plus-- 14, 15, 18, 23, 25. Double dice is 50 plus seven is-- Yeah, 57 for the first. And the second one goes bink. That is a ten. That's Sneak Attack, I've gone up a level to 13-- 7d6-- Oh, wait. Sorry, sorry, sorry. 25 plus seven is 32. Sorry, 32. The second one was ten. 32, ten. What was his name again? Grog's about to lose ten percent of his hit points. 15 plus seven is 22. Is that a medicine check at this point? If Trinket is frozen in ice? You can't say-- Thanks. Could I pee on him and thaw him out, quickly? He's trying to resist. Scanlan sent a Fireball at it and it's fucking with it. Got to go Revenant on that bear! Or behind the goliath. Behind the goliath. Hold that gun up from the ground. Left a taint upon you. (laughter) 10d10. I want to double check, the boots of speed that I wear, it's ten rounds each day, the haste effect's duration need not be consecutive rounds. So it was one or two back in Emon, and I've had one round here. So what is it, ten minutes now? I think it remember the ten-minute thing-- All right, so, I'm going to dash towards the tree in that corner and get away from this clump of my friends. Towards the wall, yeah. I should be able to get behind that tree, I think, if I dash? So then I'm going to throw a dagger, it's all I can do. Can I use an action to hide? Or it's a bonus action only? Whoa, I'm asking if instead of throwing a dagger, can I hide instead? Yeah, I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. So I'm running balls-out to that tree, and I'm going to go right up against the tree. And fucking wait and that's it. Oh, sure. I'm going to use Luck, I still have a little Luck today, good, that's better. 31. Eagle to the fucking face. Oh, that's inauspicious. 18. Too late for Luck? (laughs) I got one more charge. Nope, nope. So attack rolls and what was the other? (singing) I like chicken, I like liver, Meow Mix, Meow Mix, please deliver. What's Pike's AC? What's Pike's AC? Ooh, what's that face? I think you just said 'two', you just said 'two.' Carry the one. Carry the three. I wasn't paying attention. But where do we go? If we're outdoors, we're dead. And go where? Sure, he can dig-- I don't know where to go. We can't go above ground because we're dead. Shit. Everyone, we need to go inside. How many people are frozen? Can we all do medicine checks on them? Inside, everyone inside now. Come along. I'm helping and as we do so I say I don't know what's going to happen in the following hours. Do not go far from me. If we are out of earshot, you are too far from me. Do not go far from me. Do not go far from me. He's just a sociopath, that's all. [no audio] That is a long talk. What do you need? I look at my sister. What is it? What does he need? Wait here. Just wait a second. I walk over to my sister. I'm going downstairs. If I'm not back here in five minutes, I want you to come down, do you understand? And I say that because I need you, you are stronger than me and I will need you. Tend to the wounded, five minutes. I follow Grog. Rogue proficiency bump. Yes. Because the cloak, yes Thank goodness. Five minutes. Pizza and five minutes. I don't say anything. What's going on, Percival? Good. Well, Freddie, I imagine I'm wondering the same thing you are, at least I hope, and that's what's in it for the skull? I'm looking at the floor, I'm not looking at it. Hey, quick question, who are you? Who were you before you were in this prison? Ah, well, go fuck yourself. And I put the blanket over it. This seems like a very bad idea to me. Why are we doing this? Didn't we do this already, once before? If we wish to rid Emon of these dragons, then we've got nothing to deal with this fucking thing right here, whatever it is. He's speaking literally, Grog. I had a thought-- I think-- I have a thought I haven't spoken out loud yet. Every divine being that exists is accessible through Vasselheim. We are not equipped to handle this problem. Maybe this skull will do something, maybe, that's a bit fucking maybe. We're not equipped, and we don't know what dealing with that thing will bring. We will go to Vasselheim tomorrow. We bring all the people in this keep with us, Keyleth sends them through the tree. They stay there, we find help. We cannot handle this on our own. My first instinct was to go back in for Uriel. We don't know what's happened to Uriel! But we can't do it, we are powerless against those things. Against one of them, let alone four. We need help. Did that blanket just blob down? Grog, know your strengths, it is your strength-- I look at Percival. We need to talk to the girls. Pike as well. To catch things up, I walk out the door and I'm going to get the other two. All right, I beeline right up to them and I drop down in front of Pike. Pike. Keyleth. We're working on a plan, and we don't have one yet, but Pike-- and I'm down on my knee-- you need to guide Grog. He doesn't listen to anyone else, he only listens to you. Yes and no. It's better if you just come. Pike, come. ASHLEY and And I take Keyleth's hand and pull her after me. Naturally. 15 plus eight is naturally 23. Are we at the door yet? Hey, big man, Trickfoot wants to talk to you. Okay, I'm going to quick, rapid-fire-- I was hoping to bring everybody in, but say listen to me. Percy's got this fucking skull and we-- Everything about it. It's a skull, it's talking about granting a wish, it's fucking fucked up just like the fucking smoke demon that was in Percival. I don't understand what's going on yet, but both Grog and Percival are a little fucked up, but Grog is more fucked up, but I don't understand everything. But things are not good. We can get Jarett. Scanlan, Scanlan, join us. Please, quickly, please. I do, I do insist. Now, Shorthalt, now. Just another minute, mom. Scanlan here yet? Wait, the door is open now? Ah good, yeah, Bigby that shit. This is all seconds, this is happening in seconds. D&D standoff. Damn it. Relay race. Okay, then I take a step in front of her and pull out my daggers and stand in front of my sister. I'm in. This is so metal. Wait, me too? Oh yes, I'm barring the way Vax. This is a little like Clue the Movie. Keyleth, let's just wait until Allura gets here. I feel like she might have a calming effect on this situation, an outside eye. I sheath my daggers. Things are a lot more complicated than you can even imagine. Please come in, we need you. Could you do us a favor? We had a small accident with Percival. No. So... Emon is in ruins. It's been destroyed by dragons. And your tower is-- I'm sorry, my lady. Did you know that Uriel planned to step down? He did it. He did it, and moments later four old dragons descended upon the city. We are in a precarious position. The city is in ruins, already, in a matter of hours. Yes, most definitely. That's not true. If we are to solve this situation we cannot hide the truth. I killed Krieg. We killed Krieg. I finished Krieg. We stumbled upon his lair, reached through his home in Emon, through magical means. We found his lair. And we-- I-- When it happened, he had four stones, four orbs in his lair. They saw us. Not all that long ago. And on top of all that, we have this fucking skull. We don't know what happened to Uriel, we didn't see. I go over to my sister in that time. I want-- I want to kill that dragon. Or I want to die trying. We are to stand now or we might as well be dead. Hey, we're all cows! (laughter) Be sure to buy a t-shirt over on geekandsundry.com. In Sam's honor. Wow, that game felt like 20 hours. My plan was to take that skull and run like a fucking football player and fucking go for the goal. Yeah. I would have been in the heart of Emon. Shoving it up the red dragon's nose. We would have been working in a lich's sugar mine if you'd done that. That's a good point. I was going to carve my name in your nuts. Tell me more, sadist.