Why don't I go, and then you can go. Hey, you guys. I just want to make sure all of you are aware-- this is going to be so awkward-- I want to make sure you're all aware of a Kickstarter that's out there that is put up by a good friend of mine named Joe Madureira. Now if you don't know who Joe is, he is a comic book rock god and a game developer. When I was a teenager, he made a comic book called Battle Chasers. Look, here's mine. From when I was 16, Joe. I fell in love with it. Nobody does art like Joe Mad does, and I've followed his art for years and years. Even when I fell out of comic books, I was checking in with Hellboy and I was checking in with Joe Mad. And then, years later, I got cast in a game called Darksiders as one of the Horsemen of the Apocalypse. I played War, and I walked into the room and Joe Mad was in the fucking room, and then we became friends. So that game was amazing. Darksiders is a beautiful game. It just reeked of Joe's art style and now he has formed another company called Airship Syndicate and they have a Kickstarter up. They are making a game called Battle Chasers. Oh shoot! I didn't put the thing that comes-- oh, Nightwar! Battle Chasers Nightwar. They've already hit their goal, but there are stretch goals. They are making an RPG, sort of in the ilk of JRPGs, like Final Fantasy and Chrono Trigger. And it's just going to be bathed in the glory of Joe Mad's amazing art style. So they've hit their goal, but the bigger the budget, the better the game is going to be. I backed it already. And you guys should at least go check it out. A lot of love for Joe Mad. And one, the main character from Battle Chasers kind of looks like Pike! Eight, nine, ten, 11. Primarily doing stuff Saturday that we know. We're waiting to see what's going on Sunday weekend. I'll go halfsies. I think we need a little history lesson here-- We've never questioned it before. We've never wanted to make you uncomfortable. But we're about to walk into a party, and I feel like we need a bit of a history lesson. You witnessed none of these deaths? And the remains of your family, were they killed by the sword? Percival, you don't really have a choice in the matter. My sister and I know a little piece of your pain. I'm not going to get into it, but there's nothing she and I can do. We can find reparations for you. We will. How does that cap work? We got seven days. I can make you look like anything. I can talk to the right people and get you the right paperwork and you can be anyone and no one will know a fucking difference. We don't know if these people are straight up gangster, or if there's something supernatural, seriously supernatural, about them. That hat would probably work on 80% of people, but I don't know. We don't know anything about them. Yes. Keyleth, can you-- Kiki. Can you and Scanlan fly to Kraghammer? Two days is the horse, riding hard. What about an eagle? We don't really have a lot of money at the moment. You haven't been scratching yourself, have you? I should probably tag along. Good try! Do you remember us? Yes, I was hoping to catch up with him. We've been gone a while, and I was hoping to trade news with Glorious Gilmore. Is he not in at the moment? I'd hate to pull him away from business. I don't want to get in the way of his business. I mean, I am rather sad not to see him, but no, I don't think that would be a course of action we'd want to take. Let him continue to set up. Can you get a message to him, though? Well, tell him Vax'ildan and friends visited. We're in the city for a week. Vax'ildan. That's with an A, not an E. We're here for a week. I don't know if he's going to be back from Westruun before then, but if he is, tell him to get word to me. I'm very interested in exchanging news for the past few weeks. Thank you. We're here late in the day; are you still open for business? You didn't have to go to all that trouble to come back here. No, we're seeing to different bits of business. I turn back to him, I walk forward with hands out. I walk up to him, take him by the head, give him a good European-style kiss just about here-- right there-- come back, and say, there is so much to talk about. Where can we be alone? See to whatever business you need to. Those beads. I walk right in. Follow him in. I walk over and I sit down opposite him, and I say Before we talk about anything, I feel like I should apologize because although we didn't have any sort of written agreement, you and I are friends, aren't we? And I was supposed to help bring your brand wherever we went. And I thought that would be possible. We came back from the Underdark. We had a very hard time, some of the hardest weeks of my life. I haven't delivered on my promise. And I mean to, but I haven't yet. I apologize wholeheartedly. I'm sorry. In addition to that, I am changed, and promises mean more to me, even more than they did before. And I promise to follow through. In the interest of time for the game, DM, Vax tells the whole story of the Underdark, of the horn, of how close it was. I spoke too soon! No. After ten minutes of finishing all that, of telling every tiny detail, if you mind me backtracking, I briefly place my hand on top of his, and say, it was terrible. I've never seen anything like it. Now we're back. We're in our home, and I'm hoping to learn how Uriel is doing, how the city is faring. Is there any news? Things are ill in Kraghammer; they still haven't seen the last of their troubles, but I'm also concerned for our new home here. And Westruun, how's it going? You're a busy man. Have you any time for leisure? You seem a tad weary. Is there anything I can do to help you? That will happen. I did not even mean to discuss this, coming here, but I noticed, coming in, a sigil under your carpet. I had no intention of this, but we need to get back to Kraghammer in a bit of a hurry, and I certainly have no abilities, but do you remember my friend Tiberius? Dragonborn fellow? He needs to run an errand back in Kraghammer. Is there any way you could hook us up with a favor? I just want to send the lizard to Dwarf Town. Do you think we could make that happen? Understood. I don't want to push my luck. I'm pretty magic-stupid. Correct. One last. It's small or it's boring, it's business. I need a dagger. I don't want one for free or anything; I want to purchase it, but we're a little low on funds. The reason Tiberius needs to go to Kraghammer is because we're owed a large sum of money. What would the credit entail? I was going to-- what was that? Retrieve? God, I've been in the Underdark so long. What was the deal? Understood. No. We almost did that. Correct, DM? That's what we almost did, but we didn't do it. You offered it. I would be interested-- Gilmore? I really just need a quick favor, and I mean to pay you back quickly. I need a dagger for something. Not your best dagger. Not your shittiest dagger, either. I just need something nice. How much would a fine dagger cost? Something that would be good in a fight. And could I pay you back in a couple of days, once Tiberius returns from Kraghammer? Can I please purchase three of those? Done. I reach out and I give his cheek a little bubby-squeeze, and I clap him on the cheek, and say, I'm good on my word, and you're a good friend. Thank you, Gilmore. I know you're good on your word. Keyleth? Scanlan? Very good. Warm in here. I'm good. No, everything's good here. Just not everywhere else. I'm using my earring on the walk home. Does it work? I don't know what the range is. Tiberius, can you hear me? Tibs? Hello? Oh, all right. Gilmore has an in he said we just need to mention his name and we're through. We can send Tiberius through. Holy shit, I've never flown before! This is amazing! Is this going to stick, Tiberius? We're all going? All of us? I have an errand to run. Sorcerers, they improvise. While they're doing that, I stealth away from the group. I rolled a 32. Yeah, I'm totally down an alleyway, through the alley, onto another main thoroughfare. I grab a random person on the street. Excuse me, I'm looking for a specific butcher. Harold the butcher. Do you know? I think he's in the upper slums. Can you point me toward him? Where's the upper slums? Upper slums, please. I don't even say anything else. I just walk. I don't know how long that will take me. Yes. I see a stunted old woman and stop her on the street and say, Grandmother. I'm looking for Harold the butcher. Do you know where I can find him? I'd like to go stealth. I rolled a 20. Do I see Kynan anywhere? No? And it's a home? It's a business and a home? Okay, I'd like to go around the back of the building and scope it out. There's nobody in? I'd like to, at the window, listen and use perception to see if I can tell if anyone's inside. Yeah, that's 25. Is it one floor, the building? It's one floor. Is the window locked? All right, I'm climbing in. It's a family residence where Kynan lives. Are there bedrooms? They're not trapped, are they? So I'm going to crouch down and push open the first door. What do I see? Oh, no. Not that one. There were two other doors, weren't there? There's one other door? That's the one. And there's no sign that this is a youth's bedroom or father's bedroom? What can I glean from what I see in here? I'm going to use Luck. That's better. 22. And the father went out the other way? All right, so I creep back out the window and I go out the front and I knock really loud on the front door. Hello. I'm sorry, I don't mean to bother you. I know you've closed up shop. I'm actually not looking to buy anything. I owe your son a bit of money. I lost some money in a wager we made on a dog fight, and I was hoping to reimburse him. Do you know where he is? You think he'll be back? I want to leave something with you. Yes. I take 50 gold of what I have left and I leave it with him, and I take out three daggers. I can hear my sister's voice in the back of my head. I want to use insight on him to make sure he's trustworthy. Oh, that's good. That's 20. Just give him the 50 gold. Thank you. And I leave. I head back to the keep. Another nine hours. Yeah! You 7,500 people, fucking thank you, man. Thank you. All right. I got him. I'm going to feed you so much chocolate. Johnny Kraghammer? We're above base-- An arm is not a scalp. It's this. (singing) Roll high! In what circumstance would testicle advantage come into play? He's doing it! Excuse me? As soon as they left, Trinket and I, we left, and I went to the nearest shop and bought a lot of pink ribbon, and I have been furiously tying bows all through Trinket's hair, the entire time they've been gone. Keyleth has been weaving flowers in, and I have been knotting braids. Started at the head, and then worked all the way down Trinket's back and down the tail. The entire time. Feverishly. I feed him a piece of chocolate at that moment. Side note, I let Trinket give me bear-kisses all over my face. Vex never lets Trinket kiss her face, and it's so sad, and I let him just drool all over my face everywhere. What is the piece of art immortalized upon? A piece of wood? For my share? Just my share. And I take advantage of her good mood and say, I just want 1,200 gold, and I won't ask for any more of it, any of the amount. Percy, you go to work. We'll figure out everything else. What if he rolls a 20? Yeah, what are we checking out, though? I mean, it's not like the Briarwoods are out in public. We don't know anything about them. Can you remind me and the group, the dinner, I know it's with the Briarwoods, but who else? Is it with Uriel or who is it with? We maybe want to talk to Uriel. You think Uriel might be in the Briarwoods' pocket and pass on that we're aware. That's true. Percival, there's nothing I want more than for you to take Bad News and unload it on every one of those motherfucking shits, but if you're me and I'm nobody, if I'm a ghost, I can help take out one or two. How many days left? Can I ask you a question, DM? I have in the assassin perks. I think it says seven days, I can be anybody. As long as I don't do anything else and I work on getting the right papers, and no one will know who I am, 100%, but it's six days, so am I shit out of luck? This is why I was talking about it yesterday, motherfuckers. You make me invisible. Yeah, one of you two. Percival, I trust you implicitly. You have earned that trust. Do you believe them to be evil in the purest sense? That's all we need. I repaid my debt to Gilmore. Another thing that I did was go off and get a lathering cream, and the second to last night, after I took Grog out to the tavern, I bought him a lot of drinks. I didn't shave off his whole beard. Only half of it. This much. DM? I rolled a natural 20. I have advantage on stealth checks, and I rolled an 18 and a 20. Natural 20. After the 20? I'm using Luck. Okay, so I rolled a 21. 21. Why did he trip me and make me eat shit two months ago? TALIESIN, MARISHA, and You have no idea it was me. Make an intelligence check! Make him make an intelligence check! He is dumb as a post. Why does he know-- Magic is mysterious! Why couldn't you grow half a beard due to magic? Sorry, big guy. Roll high. Come on. (singing) Circus bear. Roly-poly is cute; cannonball is-- Roly-poly! Do I still have the finery I wore to the Velvet Cabaret? All right. So we have to worry about you, Grog. You pull the hairs out. Don't forget his exotic facial hair, as well. That probably lends to the whole package. This looks very good. Thank you, Grog. No, I don't want to cloud my thinking before we go up against the Briarwoods. Where are we? Nearing the palace? Hit me. No promises. You've got to go more nasal, Taliesin. While all this is going on, can you describe. Are the Briarwood couple together, seated next to each other? I intend to be behind them, but what's behind them, like? And behind the servants is a wall so there's lots of open busy crowded space? Okay. All right. I'm going to drink the potion of climbing that Grog gave me, and I'm spidering up the wall and I'd love, while listening to all this to make an insight check on them just as they talk, just for funsies. Just to see if they seem like sacks of shit. Luck, oh not that lucky. This is going to be very low. Yeah, never mind, low. Very low. It's very hard to read them upside-down. What's the gentleman who realized that I was there? Earlier, before we came in? Oh, that's all right. I'm clicking my Boots of Haste and scuttling along the ceiling back towards the door. Am I finding what's-his-face? I'm doubling back. I'm following. Oh, that fast? All right. How close to the door are the guards? Right up against it? I yank off my serpent belt and throw it as far as I can. Not as far as I can. 20 feet, and set it in motion, so there's now a snake in the hall, 20 feet in front of these guys. So one's 20 feet away now? 25 feet away, and one guy stayed? I drop, and I'm going to bean him on the head, like his name is Kynan. Okay. "Advantage on attack rolls against any creature that hasn't taken a turn in combat yet." And I'm invisible, so that's an 18. That is 29 to hit. Using the blunt end! I just want to knock him out. Doubled. 12, 17, 23, 24, 26, so 52. Plus-- No, I mean, if I am as skilled a rogue as I am, how could I not just want to knock somebody out, and not unintentionally-- ten. On top of the 52. Hand on the door. Is it locked? Okay, so I flip my hood over my head, and I quietly go in the door. Yeah, I know. They're both at the bed? I got a 25 for stealth and it didn't work? All right. Oh, sorry. Sorry, I heard a noise in here. I work for the city. I apologize. That was really stupid. As you were. I walk out. I'll use my last Luck of the day. Didn't do it; same thing. Nine, 11. Yeah. Yes ma'am. Oh, I'm a guard. I mean, there's not really a name for what I do. I work for Uriel, I just-- I'm security, ma'am, and I thought I heard a noise in here. And I heard a body fall, I thought-- sounded like a body fell. I'm backing up as I'm talking, I'm right at the door! I didn't shut it behind me, I just cracked it open. That's crazy! Yep. And I run! Not good. It's an eight. This is awkward, ma'am, I'm just trying to do my job. That's cool. Like attacking an inanimate door? I'm sorry you're such a nervous fellow! Come on, how am I going to play my second character unless I die now? I regret nothing.