I didn't know Rhodey's, Rhodey's a father, that's an interesting development. Tarvis! He's right. He would know. He would know. What, I'm Leet, man, you're going down, and stuff. (in Christopher Walken voice) It's important to point out, we're not doing Walken anymore-- (all laugh) I don't even know what Walken sounds like, it's come through a daisy-chain of assholes. Yeah, it's-- --It's April Fools', we're not going to be there. We're not going to do that. I'm not. Wow. So good. Let's run the GIF (hard g) of that now, please. Yeah, but you can only do it once, though. I'm ready. Now we attack on the count of three. Get 'im. Oh! Don't blink, don't blink. Roll with it, player. Smash cut to two hours later. (all laugh) Slowly, Raishan uncurls like a Xenomorph from the ceiling. Look at his little boy smile. What did we just see? Okay, now ramp it up! (all laugh) It might be touch. You're unconscious. All these sounds are in game, in character. (gibberish) I like the idea that it's silent in here and we're just hearing sand get kicked around and Grog breathing like a bull. 23 was the threshold. Nice pull. A Legendary Action? Natural 20 to the gooch. Groon's in Vegas and your ass just came up pineapples. LIAM & Vax is watching; he just leaked a little bit. That is some North Star shit. It's fine, it looks like he's going to rally. Here it comes. Go Cobra Kai on your ass. Put him in a bodybag! It's going to knock the beard off your face. God, it probably looks like he's running in circles to us. He's friggin third Hokage, man. He's not going anywhere. I want to be at level 21. Four more years of this. Get him, big man! Still standing. Tripling down on the barbarian. (high-pitched fart noise) You turtle a little bit? I do to Keyleth. Just two more of those, please. That was so metal. Phil! Look out, Guile, look out. Game that system, do it. Pull out a squeaker, Travis, c'mon. (deep voice) Show me what you've learned. TRAVIS and Oh man, Vax is just-- -- perched on the wall, pulling feathers out. That was Vox Machina's real reaction. Join the party. Let's get you some ale, big man. Just for clarification, that all took place in Super Nintendo graphics, right? 16-bit. You should've fought that guy before the dragons. You barely eked out that victory, by the way. My armor does that too, but it only makes me smell bad, it doesn't affect me. Old woman! He did just take down an old man so our streak against the elderly is going strong. (all laugh) Five is way too many. At level one you can have five hit points as a person. It'd be like 0.1. Jewels, gems, golds and kittens. And that's what the air machines run on. Bandages upon bondages. How long has Scanlan been out for? Gosh. I'd like to go get him, but I really want him to wake up on his own accord. Yeah. That's good thinking. Is Scanlan sleeping it off? I mean, we're in Vasselheim, we've just bamfed across miles and miles. We're here. I lean in the door and say, you've been in there long enough to pay rent, what is going on? Uh, yeah. Is she being a pain in the arse? We're not begging in Stillben. Will you give the guy some fucking coin so we can get the fuck out of here? My time is valuable. Will you pay him so we can go, please? That was Liam. All he hears is fart noises, and I grab her by the mouth and I drag her out the door. It's why I'm saying nothing. No, he walked into the door with Vex. What does that mean? You wanna rest in the tavern? For an hour? Where I have to go is a little more involved. Yeah. I scoop you by the arm and take you off for a minute. You know, I want to come back here, sometime. One, I would love to go to the Velvet Cabaret again. You know, just like a date night. Yeah, but without somebody trying to kill us. I'd like to go back without somebody trying to murder any of us, though. That aside, I do have to go to the temple, but I don't want to go. 'Cause that's kind of what it's like. Yeah, there is another shoe that's gonna drop, probably, eventually. I wanna get back to-- No, you have to hit send, my friend. Her other shoe is gonna drop, eventually. And I'm not ready for that. I don't know. Why wouldn't she? I don't know. But I feel like being a little selfish and taking a little time, and when she wants me-- 'cause she's not talking to me at the moment-- when she wants me, she'll call. So I'd like a little time. Just to come back, down the road. Yeah. No. No. Very sure. Well, I don't know what's gonna happen at the-- I'd probably do it the other way around? Because I don't know what's gonna happen at church. I'm talking months. Unless she rings, okay? I just want to spend some time with you, before I have to do whatever the fuck she wants. She's going to collect. My sister is walking around and breathing. Still. Shocking as that is. Anyway. Way down the line. Way down the line. Jesus. Who is that? That little vein on the side of your forehead-- Who? The wizard magic is like Broadway musicals? Brechtian theater. (pained groans) Pfft. Trees don't fart out here? (loud pooting sound) The ancient Sumerians would pay for sex with silver dollars. "Pudding." Why is he covered in pudding? Thank God. Sour. Hey, buddy. LAURA (sing-songy) Welcome back! This is the afterlife, Scanlan, you've gone to the good place. We're in Whitestone. You should have heard her play. All your daughter knows is that you stood against great evil overtaking an entire continent. That's nothing to sneeze at, Scanlan. That's full bullshit. Yes, asshole! Yes. I've changed my outlook on life because of you! What the fuck are you talking about? Of course we all love you-- -- you could crush me in a second. How? I've asked your age. I thought you were the only one who had everything figured out. I thought for months, what haven't I got figured out that Scanlan has got figured out? I've been trapped in the mud for months, wondering what I could do to get where you are. Scanlan, you fucking saved the world with us. If your daughter can't see that, then she can't see anything. You've thrown some of us like baseballs. I don't know what that is. We've never had one conversation, you and I, about my mother. Where my sister and I came from. Did you know Thordak killed her? We've never talked about it. Not once. Because I didn't want to talk about it. I didn't push into your private life. If you wanted to talk to me, and you did, about your daughter. We did. We talked in the sewers of Westruun about your daughter because you wanted to talk about her. We love you, Scanlan, and if you want to talk about your mother or your father, we will. You have not been exactly forthcoming. We have survived a fucking hellscape. All of us. You are standing before me, talking to me. You did. That's fucking semantics, Shorthalt. You've been brought back. You're standing here. Your daughter is there and needs you. What about the fight before that? Excuse me! Speaking as someone who has been fucking depressed for a long time-- Look me in the eye. I was shit for months. And you are one of the main reasons I am out of that now. We would be dead, all of us, if it weren't for you. The first time we fought Raishan, we would all be dead. You are in a pity party right now, and I know you're hurting, and I'm sorry you're hurting, and I love you. But you are lying to yourself, that you have been no use to us. You are lying to yourself.  If you wanna retire, if you wanna go off with your daughter, that's fucking wonderful. I encourage you to do it. But don't lie to yourself. (pleading) Scanlan. Family. Scanlan... We'll miss you. (draws in a breath) Fuck. (wearily) We saved the continent, why does everything feel like shit? But he's our liar, Grog. Yes. They do. I don't think so. I think it's too late. Pike-- How you doing, Pickle? I don't wanna go back to Vasselheim. Pike-- And before too long, we have a demon who wants you and I dead in the night. We have to deal with it. We can. Of course we can. Pike... No. No, we don't. We just wanna slow things down for a while. It's been a long couple of months. No, we just need to not have our lives on the line every day. For a little while. Or ever. Retirement's not a terrible idea. I mean, what's the takeaway here, from Scanlan? Can't hold anything in. Fuck. You know that I've always looked up to you, for everything? That I've tried to model myself after you. Do you know that? And you. You know that she's my best friend, right? You know that. You know that I'm madly in love with her, right? You know that, right? We don't need to joke about it or dance around it anymore. You know that I'm in love with her, right? Obviously. I just don't-- He left because he felt like we didn't know him. I'm scared to death about what I have to give to a fucking god, eventually. I'm scared of that. I don't want to do that, but it's going to happen, and it's destiny. I'm scared about that. There. That's out. Do you have anything that you're holding in? You're in love with Percival. We all know that, right? It's plain as day, right? Crack out the aerator, yo. Yeah. I've learned that. I don't know. But he's our friend. I like having him around. What? MATT Let's get a drink. All right. (mock-crying) He's wrapping up the show, I can tell. So I came to give Sam a hug. Well, I was just getting in a mid-game hug. We know. I know, but... I craved that, so I took it. Heavily. Pike and I come in wearing fun buns, hungover. My face hurts. Yeah, and also my face hurts as well. You look like me. You look like me. Why do you look like me? That's boring. I feel good. (all laugh) Hotis. That seems like the quickest. My mental acuity's on point. That's science. Listen to Percy. That's science, you need that and you need a traditional Whitestone breakfast. Just listen to the science guy and chug-a-lug. You wear it well. I give my armor a sniff. I agree. One and done. Ah, it feels wrong. Whoa, it's all around me! You don't know. Yeah, good on him. To be fair, he did that about seven times a day. (all laugh) For no reason. Raven Queen, demons, you never know who's looking over your shoulder. They don't want that. Yeah, and why shouldn't he, he earned it. He earned it. Wait, stop, stop. I was about to say you sounded very wise, don't fuck it up. Just, period. Travel and sex. Done. It's so touching and ridiculous at the same time. And the sun is going down, you said? After we just woke up. Jet lag. Yeah. What? It's a bitch. God wear. Like the one we fought in J'mon's. Protocol droid. Pouring it on a little thick, friend. What's up? God dammit. Fucking. Hell. (bangs table) Hey, buddy boy, we have to go to the Nine Hells in the not too distant future, are you down for that? Hm. I do not like you. Look at this willing accomplice motherfucker! Who cares about the whisper, what's going on, Sam? This show is breaking apart because of you, Sam! Show me on the character sheet where the bad DM touched you. He seems like a prat. That's what you do. Wait, I'm stealthing. I rolled a 33 on stealth, I'm gone! I stealth up behind Keyleth and rest my chin on her shoulder and just say Whaaat the fuuuuck. (all laugh) He's a schmuck. I don't like him either, but I'll just say two words Hotis bait. He hasn't tried to seduce me. So many things to do. While Grog's thinking about that, I pull him aside and say Did I ever show you I know how to summon a dragon, d'you know how to do that? Watch and learn from my hand symbols. What do you think of that, big guy? Ow! Ow! Jeepers creepers, you've killed my dragon! See if I ever do anything nice for you again! Jeez! Will you kiss it? I thought so. And I walk away. We are fucking slap-happy. I miss Scanlan! (all laugh) Don't like that word! (robot beeping sound effects) You said that very loud. He's slow. None of the rest of us like you, so fucking watch it, all right? What a dillweed! You break our hearts and then pull that asshole out? You ain't know all our characters' mothers' names, you motherfucker. After Googling that shit! It was amazing, it was amazing.