Beat poetry-ed us to our death. You've got to get that unicorn, though. Just go (inarticulate noise)-- It's hilarious. That's me. That's me. Tell you what, if I have a super-funny year, I'll make a super-funny playlist. Thanksgiving, we can be thanksful. We can be thanksful for the campaign we hads, the characters we hads, it'll be greats. Altar boys. Props to that set, though. Ghurrix, would you like to phone a friend? And what's behind the pit fiend where the map disappears? Is there building there or what? How many stories is the building behind them? 19. We're tied? Let the big man go first. DND Bob Ross reference is like Playstation trophies. Get it girl. Get it. Okay, I'm standing right in front of Scanlan. Right? Right next to him? All right, I'm going to take my hand and palm him by the face and cast Heroism on him. That's the first action. First, I'm going click my Boots of Haste. Which they've seen me for the last 30 minutes. We slept. I put my boots on. I've not been invisible all day. I slap my hand on his face, cast Heroism, then I cast it on myself, then I'm going to take to the air and fly up and over them and behind them and hover over the building behind them. Maybe we should just imagine it, because I want to go off the table. And throw Whisper at the back of his fucking head from about 40 feet in the air. Directly behind him. All right. I'm going to do 50 feet. Above his head, back a little bit, and right into his head. That diagonal line is probably just the edge of 60. And since Grog is hugging him, it's sneak attack, and he's grappled, which means I have advantage, so it is 25. Which should hit if I was paying attention to the ACs. Two, we'll say is ten, plus the sneak attack damage is 15, 18, 22, 25, 28, 31, 35 plus the psychic damage. 35 plus-- I need an eight. Somebody give me an eight. Where's an eight? 38. No, then I'm going to fly an additional-- because I'm hasted, I can go 120 feet. I'm going to go up another 40 feet. No. I'm going to stay where I am. Stay where I am. Every round, because my charisma bonus is not that high, you get two hit points every round. You get them back. Yeah. Do they go up? Temporary hit points. Yeah. They go up. Does he get them now, or does it start next round? The wording is unclear on my card. Two. Just two. Magic guns are dangerous. Let's see here, how can I kill them? Kill them all at once. Kill them one at a time. Kill them in an embarrassing way. Cut the feed. Cut the feed! That's fucked up. You get two hit points. Temporary hit points. Oh my gosh, I get to hit a hundred hit points because of that spell. That's amazing. At the start of my next turn I do though, don't I? Both of us. Action, action, and the bonus action was an attack. Hasted. Oh, it's a concentration spell? I'll leave it on Scanlan. Can I take a secondary hit on him after the fact, since I was unaware of the rules? Right. Which is what he's saying. Right. And we had a text conversation earlier today where I said that if I don't hold an action, I can do this, this, and this, and we just misunderstood each other. So keep the one on Scanlan, and I'm going to roll. I would have rolled a secondary shitty attack on him for 22. Okay. That is a massive nine hit points of damage. It's very in character. This is why we play the game. Man, your jail is full tonight. She's got professional makeup for our game! Underneath, not within five feet? In the immortal words of Laura Bailey, "Mother bitch!" Still, even though we established Grog first? I'll go first. Is Grog within five feet now? Is he right up against her? Okay, so what I want to do, hasted, I can go 120 feet. So what I want to do is a tight arc around so that I can go this way and down into that little corner so I can land behind Keyleth, but on the way I want to throw a dagger. Yeah, I want to land right next to Keyleth, down in that little nook. But on the way, I want to throw Whisper at her. Okay, advantage, so that is very good. 28. So that is one plus eight is nine, plus the sneak attack is (counting) 32, plus the psychic damage is 33, so that hits her as I go by. I want to land right behind Keyleth. There's no room? Can I land right in front of her? Okay, I land right in front of her, grab her by the face, kiss her full on the mouth, and cast Heroism through the kiss. Then I'll use my bonus action for movement and fly up to that roof, straight out across the street from him. From the pit fiend. You're now immune to fear, and you get two hit points per round. Still doing it. To the tallest building across from the-- No. I don't have the thingie. Sorry. This building right here. But in the little gap right here, this little diagonal spot. So that I'm like this, so just my little head is peeking out. Three-quarters cover. Matt bought a platinum snitch. Dustin fell off the roof? Slightly nervous. I'll use Uncanny Dodge on the first one, I guess. Uncanny Dodge. That's what's halved? 26 hits. Good, you just need it to go down four points. Love that little man! I'd like to use my first Luck on him, so he has to roll again. Go fuck yourself! It's fine, I'll die and roll another character, it's fine! Yeah. Wow, two 20s. Avenge me! Fall down on the mocap mattress! 4d6 or 46? 46, great. Well, that's much different. Doesn't hit! Doesn't hit, because I just got knocked down, so it went over my fucking prone body! Everyone hears (groaning). Does he leave a Cleveland Steamer on me as well? Oh, sneak attack? No sneak attack. Okay, fine. (wheezing) Ouch! Ah, no, probably not. No. 16. Oh, hi, Pike! You don't even know how fucked up I am, probably. Why not do your full movement? It doesn't take away from your actions. Oh, for another full movement. That's just a wee jump to that tower now! All right, I'm going to use a bonus action-- Yes. But I'm a half-elf, so I get advantage. Let's see how I do. Pretty good! 18. Okay, so I can't go toward him, right? On him, or everything? That's fine, I won't do fuck-all with him. So. For my bonus action, I'm plugging my single potion of greater healing into my mouth, to start. So that's 4d4 plus four, right? (adding) 16. Okay, I'll figure that out in a second. Then I want to use my first action to-- He's right up on me? I'll use my first action to disengage, and then I'm going to arc, almost go in a straight line, but arc slightly around the tower. Since Grog is right on the erinyes, I want to throw Whisper again at her as I zing by, 20 feet away from her. Yeah? Throw Whisper at her as I go by, and land as far away from the pit demon, because I'm so scared, as I can. As far away as I can get, and I can go 120 feet with movement. Hasted. Against her? But that cancels out, because I have advantage because Grog's right on her. You're right, yes. Thank you. Disadvantage on the attack. Oh, balls. One. As far as I can get, 120 feet. If there's a nook to scoot behind in the corner, I will. All right. Stay true to Percy. That was a Dickens novel. Did I roll for that? Ha, I'm sure I lost it. How do I do this? First one's a natural 20. Oh, the zero? Cool. 19. 15. 16. (singing) If at first you don't succeed-- Think of the burn scars. You'll look so cool. All right, I figure I can see Keyleth and the winged lady, so I'm going to beeline right to the other side of the enemy and flank her. Second attack is a 19. How does that work? She automatically does it? Plus four? I'm going to use, nah. Okay. Then the third attack is a 32. Okay, so first and third. The first one gets the sneak attack. So that is (adding) 29, plus the psychic damage, gets 32. That's the one that sneak attacks. Then the other one, the regular one, where'd my pyramid go? Gets a ten. So a total of 42 between the two attacks. Shoot to kill, baby. Do it, golden snitch. Does that hit, Ashley? Matthew Mercer, keeping us humble since 2013. It's pronounced "jift." That was strong! Yes, Uncanny Dodge. Does not hit. I will use a second luck to make her roll again. All right, Uncanny Dodge. So the poison's full, but the swipe is halved? So it was nine plus what? 20? Ten or higher. You can keep the jewels, though. Stanky jewels. I got Pike. Okay, I'm going to rocket toward the, hm. Just give me ten seconds to think. Okay. I'm going to rocket into the door, so I've got haste, I've got 120 feet. So I'm going to arc into the door. If I pass the pit demon, I'm going to use disengage as a bonus action so he does not, and I'll swivel underneath. He has? Oh, and Vex is right next to him? Five feet? I'm going to stab him in the fucking face as I fly in the door. 24, hits. Okay, so that is (adding) 41, as I fly past into the door. Use Lay on Hands twice. There's nothing in the book that says I can only use it once a turn. So I'm going to use the first time I use it to cast Neutralize Poison on her, and the second time I'm going to use it to give her one hit point. It doesn't say anything in the book about amount per turn. But I have two more actions. Can I use the bonus action to attack? All right, question for Matt, and I'm Liam right now. If I bring her up ten hit points, right, poison doesn't bring her down anymore in 5e, it just puts her to disadvantage, correct? I'm going to use five points of Lay on Hands to cure the poison. Well, if I can only use Lay on Hands once, I'm going to throw another dagger out the door into the pit fiend-- Look at his eyes. She's unconscious already! You're about to be! I'm holding my dying friend, next to my dying sister. What about your sword? Roll a d20 to start. Whatever it is, Matt's been sitting on it for months. Months. You're unconscious. Oh, Percy helped her! That's right. Are we out of combat? If we're out of combat, I'll do Lay on Hands. Safe bet. I scuttle over to my sister, then, and scoop her head up. I'm looking out the door, watching what's happening with Grog, give her a gentle noogie and cast Lay on Hands, last five hit points to bring her health to awake. I'll also say that I'll hold an attack if an efreet pokes its face in the door. She's awake, but very low. Five. Actually, let's say it's one. Not five. I'm just an EMT; she's the doctor. Can I use my Luck on him? I have one left. Watching this. I don't think so. I'm wrong about a lot of things, Matt. In-game and out of game. Just attack rolls, all right. Let's am-scray. So 1d12, and then we do whatever after that. I'm up to full. 99. Wait a second, though. Grog, that magic bucket you have, does it make champagne? Does it make ale? Pour it out. I walk over to Scanlan, I grab him by the face and cheeks. Look at this guy! I scoop him up and I put him on my shoulders. I walk over to Keyleth and I say Look at these fucking two! To Scanlan and Keyleth, the two biggest fucking heroes I know! Yeah! And can I just say Thank you, Scanlan. Thanks, Keyleth. Is there anything left? For everybody, or for one? For one half cup?! Is that all it does? You there, blue fellow! I'm going to walk up to the corner. I've still got Scanlan on my shoulders. I'm going to invert my hands and grab him and turn him upside down. Hey, you know I'm teasing, but you're an amazing man. You are a hero. I shut him up and I kiss him. Just take it! Take the compliment, you fucker! I go to Scanlan's cheek. (patting, slap) That's okay, do one for me. I'm going to go find my sister. I'll talk to you later. Back out the door. Absolutely! Yeah. Hey, guys, that's your hangup, not mine. (laughter) My name is pronounced Liam. (laughter) After my bit with Scanlan, I put the ring back on and spend the next 20 minutes attuning to it, and she hears behind her (mocking) Oh, thank you. I love you so much. No, she's got to roll for it with disadvantage because I'm invisible! (mocking) Your hair is so white and beautiful. I'm so in love. (mocking) You're a shithead! A disembodied voice says Totally. We came all this way. Well, completionists, we fucking did it. She bounces back from death one time a day. Yeah, if we survive, we'll send him a Jelly of the Month club membership. Look, we didn't have the time to come here, period, so let's go talk to him and ask him if we can have a few days to get back to him. If we die, problem solved. Also, we're mostly nice people, but I'm pretty sure Grog could crush him like an accordion. We're not going to do that, but we can set the terms of the favor a little bit. All right. Family and history are important. Wait. Percy? Do you need a commission? Time? It was just yesterday or two days ago at the most that you said you needed it. Not what I was expecting, but I like it. Well, this is a good place to start. This is above average here. It's a whole other dimension. As one last thank you to him, since I'm still invisible, I make moose antlers behind my sister's head and go-- And cows. SAM and Two weeks from now. Let's all be thankful for Vestiges and thankful for being alive. You're going to do great. I think we should go ahead and do it. Give them something to tide them over. TRAVIS and