I play Reverse-Flash. What's his name? Right. That's not how guns work. TALIESIN and You want to go talk to her and touch base with her first? You can introduce us to her after. Well, yourself. Oh, she's not coming down? That's weird. Okay. We picked up on that. Did they have any idea what a heavy hitter you are now? The type of people you roll with? Let's back it up. What are you thinking? Where's your head at? How can we help you? Also, you had no prior knowledge to your family's connection to the mob? T, I think we're all prepared to help you do anything you want to do, but are you sure you want to help perpetuate the family business? I like the Laughing Ninny. I kinda want to go there instead. At the very least, we should meet all the chess pieces on the board, right? That is a pretty big matzo ball, my friend. It's loose. This duty is loose. We got it. I want to adopt her. I've heard you say that two or three times. You are in charge while we're here. Jeez, Grog, I don't even know if you're going to fit in here. It's a five-by-five square. Do we see anything amiss? Oh, that's terrible. 24. That guy. Shifty yeah, may be an act, even. He's many things. Look at Pike. How old are you, again? I said goddamn. You ain't no baby. I dip my thumb into some wine and I use thieves' cant and write "discuss" in wine on the bar. I nudge my sister and say, all mine. Traps, people hiding, anything that seems out of place or dangerous. Traps. 24. MARISHA and The beds, was that like lying down on a saltine for you? Wouldn't that be cool if you were just pep-talking us all the way down here? She'll just be another minute. She's going for ten in-game, real-time minutes. I mean, let's be honest, he wouldn't even feel the difference. Grog would just go (sneezes). Not the warm and fuzzy type, are you? This is like old times. I'm actually going to wander the room. I smell fucking fantastic, and I'm over there. I am going to laze about the musicians and listen to the musicians and wait for them to finish a set. Over the earring Pickle, will you get me one of those, as well, and don't drink it before I come back? All right, I clap. Excuse me, players? That was a really unique piece you guys just did there. Thank you. You know, I have only ever heard music like that one time, and it wasn't here. It wasn't in this city, it was actually in Emon. What was his name? Dranzel. It was a musician named Dranzel-- this is a long shot, but you haven't come across a Dr. Dranzel in your travels? I've always wanted to hear him play again. Oh, shit. Orcish. Stylish hats. Yeah, and Sarenrae will know if you drink it before I get back, so just hold onto it for me. All said out loud. Percy, I saw that. You have to buy me a whole other drink. No motherfucker, that's not what I said! I want to drink that one and the one after it! Oh, you don't want to start with me, Fredrickstein. Role-playing, guys. And I would like to look around the room and make sure that other people aren't watching us, or if so, where in the bar they are. 25. Six on each one? I relay to the group quietly, yes. Packing. 12 or so above us all, so no sudden movements. I just love the alacrity that Travis goes to two, three. It's so good. Nice work, de Bergerac! So far just eyes, though? Grand Poobah, here. That was Liam. What does that entail? Wait! No, I'm just fucking with you. I feel cheated. I didn't hear any of that. You got the Nutter Butter box! It's not even nearby, so it's not like we could ask people what the mine is like. It's 120 miles away. The mines of "hear this." We're running off on a lark, but we've raked ourselves in the faces before. If we're talking about what we were talking about before, I don't think it's a good idea. If you want to go and find him, us, and say hi, that's a different story. Well, A) he did that, not us, and B) we were all very much friends and happy with each other when he did that, and he is not happy with us. It's not exactly the same thing, dear. But if you want to go with me and find him and check in and say hello, I'd be very happy to do that with you. But to send the woman who threw our friend, drugged, over the back of a horse, and took him off to his family? I don't really want to send her after Scanlan, to look in on him or follow him or watch him or anything him. It didn't sound like his father wanted him dragged back on the back of a horse, and it happened anyway. She doesn't seem very trustworthy to me. Yeah, she's cool. So what? That was very smart, Grog. Oh. Anyway, my point still stands. Once we wrap up here if you want to go find him I will go with you. No. Yeah. You done been woked. So woked. Save that for a rainy day. We don't need to punch that ticket now. She has a mean streak. I know one of them. When she farts it sounds like a duck. We go 30 feet. (laughter) I'm looking for cooties around the outside. Cooties. Dang it. 24. Getting some Baldur's Gate vibes here, man. On the edges, right? I'm already standing by the bodies, yeah. No, I-- When you said picked clean, do they look like they've been chewed upon? It's fine. 18. Slimes, jellies. All right. Oh, I get down close to it and go (groans) and I flip it over. Sorry. That's more than one. It flew away. Umber hulk with many legs. Did anything work against it? Against them What can you tell us of the smaller one? Yeah, they're smooth, that means they were just like (slurping noises). Mandrake? It will be like the creature back in Stillben? And we have heard tales of mandrakes, and they scream. Isn't that what our bug juice is made out of? That asshole. Didn't Drez Vina send us to a fetal thing? Always go earth elemental. LAURA and They're beasts, probably. They're big bugs. Sorry, we're trying to remember the very first game of D&D we ever played and Keyleth, twins, Grog were there. I'm religious! Luck of the day. Yes! I got a 19. Corpse called it a small one, right? Hammock bed. A third-grade diorama. Me, too. Let's do it! Lose our 17 from the speech? It's like public debate in high school. T., give me something! Show me some magic. Give me a doodad. I used to be able to, but I-- That cloak that I gave away? Lost? Gave away. Would that make your actual eyeballs burn? Well, he can give it to me. I've got 50 things I can do a turn. It was what kind of potion? Oh shit. 8d8?! I'm going to set the Deathwalker's Ward to necrotic. Well, that is a very real possibility. Does gravity continue to carry it down? Dropping a great height did not go well for you. We will not go bacon-less into the night. Good chance they can see in the dark. It's a big one. We are versatile as shit. (guttural, growly) I want a blondie so bad! I rolled a two, but it's a 37. Built into the rules, man! I can get around very fast. Why don't I go look? I have a flashlight. Is it a guard cherub? I rolled a 20 on the wisdom save we didn't need to make, and threw it away, and thought, "well, I wanted to keep it," and then I rolled again and I got another natural 20. Where's the baby? When you say saved, do you mean killed? 25. So what did you roll? Wow. The dumbest. 25. Okay. Boots on, I'm going to arc over to ten feet away from the baby. Yeah. Where I am, is it straight up, or am I covered over here? All right. So action, action, bonus action. I'm going to cast Vow of Enmity on it. Then I'm going to throw Whisper at it. That is a 33 to hit. I'm going to cast Divine Smite on it. There's a lot of dice here. This is ten, plus psychic damage is 11. That's not very good. 11 plus Divine Smite is 12, 19, plus sneak attack damage. 19, 21, 26, 28, 29, 34, 36, 38. And there's nothing extra because it's celestial, not a fiend. All right. So that was bonus action, action, I'm going to use my action to then just fly away from the fucking thing, a hundred feet away diagonally up into the tunnel where I can still see it, hopefully. I'm hasted. Movement was to get there. Bonus action for Vow of Enmity. Action to attack, and then my hasted action I can use for dash, hide, disengage. 60 normally, 120 feet hasted. I didn't make these rules or these items. (whoosh) Diagonally up. I'll fly by my sister, how's that? Natural 20. Yeah. Nine instead of 18 is what you would've taken for it. Stupid baby. Keeps everyone from getting a good night's sleep. It's been a thousand years! Got that slick stuff on you? Crisco oil? Is a peeper hanging out? It's a boy! Got any Luck left? Got to do something. I wanted that baby to be punched so bad. That little baby just Zatoichi-ed out of the way. I know what I want to do. You tell me what I can do. First thing I want to do is cast Bless on-- I grab Vex, cast Bless on us and Pike, I have a range of 30 feet on it. Is that bonus? No, I don't want to do that. I don't want to do that. I fly straight at Pike and I'm going to lift her up. Sure. And then is it an action to grab and an action to lift and carry over? Which is still a ton at this point. And that's all I need is the action to grab her and movement to go over? Okay. Action and movement will. All right, then I will leave her on top of the wall, and I will use my bonus action to fly within range of baby, and I should have one action left, yeah? Action, action, bonus action, hasted. Great. So the bonus action I will use to dash towards baby. And my final, hasted attack action, I will stay 30 feet away from the baby, though, in the air, and I will throw Whisper with my last, hasted action. And that's a 25, which hits, yeah? One, and can I dump Smite into this? I would like to. There's nine plus psychic damage is 16 plus-- 20, 26, and here comes the sneak attack damage, 26, 27, 29, 30, 33, 37, 43, 47. That's the end of my turn. Going to use another Luck. 25. She can see and cast spells! It's like 50 feet. She rolled a ton of sixes. 24. 48 on a success. Whoa. A new enemy on the map. It's a faerie dragon. Ball of vines in the air. Is there 230,000 gold worth? Or we could Tree Stride out? 19. Like beating up a Kewpie doll. This one shoved my face into lava at the end of the last battle royale.