Hello there! And welcome to an episode of Critical Role! (cheering) Yeah, things don't look like they normally do-- for us either, Matt's over there! He's sitting right there! You look so little, over there. Yeah? Oh. Well, we have a shit-ton of announcements. I'm really excited to be a jackass. So let's get through them! First of all, thank you everybody for the survey. 44,700 of you answered, and we can't thank you enough. Yeah. We're hoping to have something fun for you guys soon because of it, so really, thank you for taking the time to do it. And we will take that data, and I will eat it. Merch! I'm going to throw it to Laura, because that's what you do, you throw merch to Laura. Pop some tags. Is that available as merch, by the way? Oh god, how do you herd seven cats? I don't know how. (laughter) And the cameras feel like eavesdroppers. On to you for Signal Boost? Yep. Yes, I'm doing Wednesday Club. I'm the President of Nerdist as well! Hey, also, Marisha, Taliesin, and Matthew here, are going to Momocon! For my birthday weekend, on May 25th through 28th. I won't be here. (whispers) I'm sitting in the chair, Laura. (laughter) Boy, everybody feels really 12 tonight. That's good! That's perfect. Also, Talks Machina is live on Tuesday nights. 7PM on Twitch. Don't forget to submit your gif and fanart of the week, use TalksMachina@gmail.com. Matt, you had something you wanted to throw out? Almost through these. There is also going to be a new Tabletop promo airing during the break that we're pretty stoked about, so don't walk off and pee immediately. And then lastly, I need to do a couple of thank-yous. You guys have been seeing them all week. These miniatures here. I have two people or organisations that I want to thank. One is heroforge.com. If you haven't already heard of Hero Forge, you can go to heroforge.com and design and tweak a miniature just the way you want. You make it tall, you make it short, you can make them an elf, you can make them a human, you can give them guns, you can give them a sword, and then they 3D print that shit, and they mail it to you. And that's what happened with all these guys, they recreated my lovely dork friends as miniatures. I'm very happy with them. And I want to thank Emerald Knights Comics and Games. They're a local comic shop and game shop that Matt and I frequent, at least just you and me, and they're @ekcomics on Twitter. I will tweet all this stuff out, either later tonight or tomorrow. But I wanted to mention these things. Matt and I get asked about these a lot, and they've been a part of our campaign since pretty much the beginning. I just associate them with Dungeons and Dragons. But they're hard to come by, and everyone's always asking where we get them. And Julian Rodriguez at Emerald Knights. Well, first of all, Julian painted these for me, so thank you Julian, they're beautiful. And Julian and Emerald Knights are responsible for these things. They've been out of stock for a while. They're going to be back in stock in May, and you'll be able to find them probably in your local store, but if not, on the Paizo webstore. I've been asked a hundred times about thesel Thank you. If you try hard enough. So you might have a half-elf ranger in your party who is obsessed and will do anything and everything to fucking fly. Boom. Done. There you go. They will be readily available in May, and I'll make sure to update Critters as that happens, so thank you. Thank you Hero Forge, and thank you Emerald Knights. Gorgeous. Boink. (whispers) Let's hear it. With so much new information to process. Well. God, I don't know what I'm doing. Let's play the game, all right? (cheering) It was good. It was weaker than the first attempt. Well, they're all pros. TRAVIS (laughs) The uncertainty. Yeah. Sam! Let's you and I talk for a moment. You. Are dreaming. You are seeing visions that make very little sense to you. You're at work, back in one of the countless recording studios you're in week after week. No biggie. Only the dream all goes to shit. You see colleagues torn to pieces. A massive serpent's tail. A great and terrible god creature looming over you for an instant, and then gone. A dog. An angel. A comedian's corpse. And a tower. And at a certain point, you come to realise that you are in fact dreaming. Within the dream. You are in that in-between moment, aware that what you're seeing isn't real, but you don't want to wake up yet. Grasping at slumber still. But uncomfortable. Something is pressing into your back, a little painfully. The dream fades, and you try to hold on to-- It is, in fact, my dick. (laughter) They're in the same predicament. There's little tiny miniature vines, almost, whitish color, coming out of the center of this reddish-brown plant holding them. They're not your kids. You can certainly try. (laughter) You did this! What do you want to do there, buddy? You are able to sit up. Your legs can't move, but you sit up, and the pain finally-- whatever was poking you in the back is not-- Ooh, there's a really small canine skeleton. I mean, the bone is bleached white. Pug-sized? Kind of. I mean, you could probably reach one of them if you wanted to. You could reach both of them. There's a girl and a boy. The girl looks, I don't know, ten or 11. The boy's younger. They're breathing. Which one? They're both equidistant. Oh. Okay, yeah. Laura, you feel like a poke, poke, poke at your legs. Your eyes flutter awake, and you see a really fucking bizarre jungle and some little kid poking at your foot. The little blond angelic boy sleeps peacefully as you guys whisper to each other. Yeah. You just fought dead Conan O'Brien. Kind of? Taliesin, you're stirred awake by the sound of children's voices arguing over your body. He does, if either of you have seen Mr Mom, he does look precisely like he did in Mr. Mom. Just for your benefit, and for the audience, we're going to be hearing all of the usual Taliesin verbiage and sayings, like "okay" and "this is going to be fun," except please imagine it in a small, piping widdle voice. He's still Executive Goth. He's just seven-ish. That's too big. Oh, bring it back up! (laughter) You don't know. You're older than both of them. You guys don't see anything. You are, again-- you saw this, and you guys are just coming to and noticing your surroundings. You're in this square, which doesn't make sense, because you're in the jungle, right? But you're in this square canopy plant room, almost. Everybody make a strength check with advantage. Nothing. A two ten? A ten. Okay. All right. Well, the little blond kid, barely able to rip any of the plant away from his feet, but this bigger kid grabs you both and pulls both of you out, and it just rips away. It's not too bad, with you guys working together. And now you're standing, the three of you, in a little circle, standing in this little chapel in the jungle. The air around you hits you with another (whump), and you feel your skin and bones kind of shake a little bit, and your stomach just feels like it drops. The feeling passes. Yeah, again, you can see out. These metal beams going up that lead to nothing, and are just sort of mangled. Okay. Absolutely. Make an athletics check. Add two. I'm making that up. Yeah, totally! You climb your way up there. It takes you, like, a minute? You don't want to fall down, you don't want to cut yourself on this rusty beam. You make your way up, and you grab onto the twisted top of this beam. It's all caked over with plant, and a little bit of mud, even, but you can see where there used to be bolts, sort of sprung open on the top. And you pull yourself up and over. No, that's better. And you can finally see out and over and the jungle stretches out in every direction. You can see here and there, on other trees-- and when I say trees, the trees are more brown and red than anything, and they're wet, and they have sort of a bulging sausage feel to them? And they do have leaves, but the leaves are, again, mottled brown and red. And the whole jungle you're in, sunlight does come down and in, but it's pretty dim overall, and everything is tinted with that color. And you see these lumps of hardened, what look like-- they don't have the texture of coconuts. They have the texture of a chestnut, maybe. But they're just growing out of spots on trees. Some are hanging from a vine on different trees. And you can't see where to go. Everything looks the same in different directions, although it is more open from this view, because down below, between these four beams, it's all wrapped around. And you see two little kids going like this. Make a perception check. Add a Laura Bailey plus three. Oh wow. Yeah. About a hundred feet that way, you see another opened plant on the ground. It's obscured by a tree, but you can see it behind the tree. And you see a jean leg and a sneaker, and it looks bent badly and bloodied. And then you see another leg with a shoe, poking out the other side of the tree. You're wearing clothes that seems to fit. This is science. (laughter) All right, so after you scuttle down and have this little mini child argument. It's not too hard, I mean, you just pull apart vines and plants, and you can push your way through. Everything is slick to the touch, and you grease by it all-- Hashtag. Are you stealthing there? Well make a stealth check, motherfuckers. Laura. Seven. Okay. She's a little bigger. She tromps round a little more than you little light-footed-- Yep, got to get to your adult husband, waiting on the other side of this tree. All right, so you creep along. There's insects, and you can hear stuff out there, but nothing happens, nothing shocking or scary, and you make your way, in just a couple of minutes, over to where this plant is, and you come around the tree, and you see three kids. One kid is really dead. What you couldn't see on the back of the tree that was blocking the view, has splintered off and fallen on a child, and that child is crushed like the Wicked Witch of the West's sister. All you see is one mangled leg coming out the bottom and an arm coming out the other side. And a little bit of spaghetti marinara. But you also see two kids in here. There is another older girl, looks a little older than you, brown hair, dark hair, and there's a kid that looks like Vern from Stand By Me. He's a little chunky kid in a polo shirt, and he is snoring, now that you're closer and you can hear. Yeah, you know what your husband looks like. You know what the child version of your husband looks like, and that's your BFF, Ashley, except she looks like a rebel in middle school. (laughter) You're in your 30s, right? He's taking this really well that you're both children. That is canon! Ashley, you're shaken awake, and you're looking at a bunch of fucking children around you, and you're in a jungle, and everything is wet! Ashley, the last thing you remember is falling asleep watching a movie on a plane from New York City to LA. Your voice is a little higher than you're accustomed to. I don't know. You're a little older than this one. You're much bigger than these two. You're a little bigger than this one. She's probably brushing into her teens. The air around you trembles, and you feel that same push of energy and your skull seems to rattle, and your gut goes (noise) and you feel yourself pushing-- nothing happens. I mean, if you could do a backwards time lapse of the skull being crushed down into the ground by the tree, you might know. You don't know. What do you want to do? It's not bones, it's just all that's poking out is a leg and spaghetti marinara from where a head was, and-- Yeah. Sure. (whispers) You kind of feel a wiener through the pocket. (whispers) Kind of. Just the wiener. You guys all hear, now, off in the distance, a whumping sound, just like (thudding) way far away. Okay. Sure, they're everywhere. Yes. Make a strength check real quick. You've got to pull it off of a tree. You can add one. 19. Oh man! You snap it, and as soon as you do, the break point goes (raspberry) and you look like you just got sprayed in the face with horror-movie blood, your face just went (raspberry) as soon as you did it. It burst like an angry zit as soon as you broke it, but now you're holding this mostly solid, but with a little bit of give, and slick as hell. You are still you. I mean it's accurate. You're really scared of scary movies. Boom, boom. SAM; Wait, we're hearing things. Okay. Okay. Smells really nasty. You're under it. And it is wet. And now your shirt is wet, and your pants are wet. Yeah. Yeah. You ever smell that flower that's like the world's worst? That. But that sound's not getting any closer. It's off in the distance. It's intermittent. The five of you hear a snapping sound, kind of like when Ashley broke that vine, and you hear (thud) ten feet behind you. And then you hear smearing, rustling sounds, and then you hear (cat-like growl). Okay. Roll for initiative. (laughter) I guess so. Seven. Wait, slow down, assholes. 20 to 25? Nobody. 15 to 20? Ten to 15? Okay. Ten? Ten, Ashley. Laura and Sam? Nine. Seven. Okay. All right. You flip around and see what looks like, I don't know, like a really pissed off ocelot, or bobcat with no skin on it. You just see greased red muscle and blood, and the thing is running at you, and Travis, it's coming at you, and you act! Nah. (laughter) Yeah, maybe. Okay, that is heading you in the direction of the intermittent whump far in the distance, but that's fine. So, you see a flesh-peeled-- large, the size of a golden retriever, right, a bobcat, but with sinew and muscle, and it looks mad as hell, and it's running, and so is Vern. And Taliesin, what do you do? Okay. Okay, so, as you lift this rock to throw it down, it happens too fast, and this thing runs and starts clawing its way up your body, and tearing down your wet, slick shirt, and hits you for-- it ran right up you-- Laura, and does two hit points of damage. Just remember that for the time being, please. That's right. Ashley, what are you going to do? Okay, so you run up to your friend Laura, who's getting mangled-- Sure. You're going to try to-- Okay. Sure. Roll a d20. We'll do a grapple. You can add one. For now. Seems like your number is low. It's not? What is it? Okay. You get a good grip on it, and pull it in tight; it is so smeared with blood, it goes (squelch), flies up two feet in the air and comes back down and then claws its way back down Laura and just starts rending and continues to rend. Well, you can move. You can move a little bit. You can get the fuck out of Dodge. Sam. What are you doing? Yeah, a couple by your feet. If you reach down and grab them. Hit it in the skull? Roll to attack. Nine. (laughter) Yes, this whole game's about tormenting you, Laura. (laughter) Go! Sure, go for it. Oh man, that rock comes down and crunches on this thing's head. Roll a d4, please. Oh. No. Yeah. d4. That's right. Four. You smash the thing's head in, and it goes (squeal), and it (raspberries) down onto the ground. Through the jungle, they are just past two trees, and you've just lost sight of them, and they've run off. And you hear rustle-rustle-rustle, and then you hear (thuds). Far away, same place. Travis and Taliesin, you bust out of some plants and you find yourself on the edge of-- A different area than what you've seen before. The tree cover is so thick that you're not able to see this coming, but you're looking at a reddish brown bog. It's a little more open. The trees open up a bit, and you can see patches of stagnant brackish water on the ground here and there, and then way on the other side, 200 feet, you see, almost Audrey II style, ten feet tall-- seven feet tall. That was too big. Seven feet tall, and there is a little thin wiry bent-over old man with a rock, and nasty clothes, tattered and disgusting, and he's peeled one of these petals back and he's beating on the side of it as hard as he can, but he's very old. And he's 200 feet away. He's taking a couple whacks at it and then pausing to rest for a second. You're just going to run through? That's fine, but you're not sneaky. Okay. You start splashing through muck and puddles on your way there and you make it 20 feet out into the middle of this big circular bog and the old man goes (croaks). And you catch a glimpse of a reflection of light up on his face. Glasses? He sees you, books off into the jungle beyond it, runs. Sure, okay. All right. Verno is totally poking his head out of the heavy tree cover, looking after you. You don't know where the others are. You are now halfway out across this bog, mucking your way through, this little cherubic seven year old making his way through hell, there he goes. You sheepishly whisper across the bog. (whispers) I've got your back! Finally you make it over to this big semi peeled-open gourd, and you look inside to see what's in there, and you see a head of red hair. Oh, she's an older girl. Make a strength check. Natural 20! Okay, so you reach up as high up as you can and you hang from it, and it just peels open. And a teenager spills out, unconscious, long red hair, flannel shirt. Unconscious. There is another body further in. You see just the barest glimpse of a Hawaiian shirt. (laughing) You're pulling who? Who are you pulling? You're pulling Hawaiian shirt? Well, he's caught; his feet are caught up in the same-- You're going to use a stick? All right. I'm going to give you no advantage for that roll. A strength check. No advantage. Strength roll. Aw man, feeling so proud of yourself, so brave, so strong, pulling that open, and now you're just doing a little Looney Tunes. Your feet are just scuttling in the slick wet of this swamp and you're making no headway. Sure, are you going to go catch up? All right. You hear (splashes). Okay. Oh, you give her a slap? Marisha, you are woken out of your sleep getting slapped in the face. Yes, you do. The last thing you remember is falling asleep, resting your head on your keyboard in your office at Geek and Sundry. Marisha, you look over and see a face very much like one you've seen in many photographs dressed as Sephiroth, except with glasses and a Hawaiian shirt and just so peaceful and sweet. Asleep. 12, 13, 14? 12? Why don't you guys all open your manilla envelopes. (cheering) Like the Grinch, my heart just grew two sizes in my chest. (laughing) You're glued into place and you're sizing each other up and you can tell fairly quickly-- you don't know how old everyone is, but who the oldest is, who the youngest is. Marisha is taller than anyone here, clearly mid-to-late teens. Under her, maybe Ashley, Laura and Matt kind of in the same zone. It's hard to say between Sam and Taliesin. Yeah, ish. Art is open to interpretation, Marisha. Not anymore. Oh, now you do. From ten to eight. You had eight and now you're at six? Better be careful. You guys are in the middle of-- It doesn't say? You've got, let's say nine. Because you're so tall. Anyway. Guys, you are in the middle of a very alien jungle. You don't know where the fuck you are, you don't know what is going on, you don't know why you are children. What are you going to do? Are you going to build a house and live here? Yeah, everyone is here. Is Matt sleeping? Matt, apparently three Monster energy drinks are not enough to keep you awake working on the campaign book and you pass out on your desktop at home. That's the last thing you remember. And you were tall. You can sit up, that's about it. Yeah, sure, you can pull. Matt, make a strength check at advantage. No, just you. Because you're pushing to-- SAM and Thanks, Keyleth. That's fine. You explode out of this motherfucker like Superman and jump and land on your feet in the middle of the muck, full of adrenaline, and you have no idea what to do. It's a coping mechanism. Somewhere in the distance you hear (angry cat noises) There is. Definitely, right where you are, because again the trees opened up, the sky's a little dimmer than you're used to. It's got sort of a dusk feel to it. It's darker, but it's day-ish. Well, I'm not here. You came from the Geek and Sundry offices. Absolutely you can. There is no shortage of vines and trees and rocks. If anyone wants to look for something, if you want to break it off a tree, they'll be stronger if you break it right off a tree probably, but they're around. Well, they're wet and taut. Turgid, yes. You, Marisha, as you tear down a huge chunk, are just Carrie'd. Just (squishing noise) as you rip it off. When you break, whatever sap or whatever it is that's in there feels hot and is dark red and it spatters you. So you are now blooded. You want to make a nature check? Sure, why not. I mean, you have cut yourself in the past, you have sucked on a cut, and it does taste kind of like that. It is warm. In the direction that you guys have come from, you hear (fluttering noises). Are you? Okay, so you guys are all finding hiding places? It's getting closer. It's multiple locations, too. Sure, make an athletics check. At disadvantage because it's sopping wet. Okay, you slide and fall right back down and smack your head on a rock and you take one hit point of damage. Okay, Taliesin, you take one hit point of damage as you hit your head on a rock on the ground. There is six, seven-- you're hiding? Okay, make a stealth check. Make a stealth check. 22. Six? Three. Okay, you sneak behind, you rogue, you, you sneak behind the giant plant and get right underneath the leaf again, and you reach out and grab Taliesin and yank him with you. And Sam says, "Wait, what about me?" just as these things go (exploding noise) and break out of the tree cover, and there are six or seven of these little ropy skinless cats, running at you at full speed, crossing the water. They're coming. Standing our ground? Taliesin, from your hiding point, you see Travis just book it in the same direction as the weird old man went, running off through the tree cover, he's gone. You can really implore him to stay, which means yes. Okay. Siri, what would we he roll against this? Wisdom? Wisdom, right? Yeah, let's just go fast and say wisdom. You stop and put your hand on the tree (panting). You breathe, and you stop where you are. You're still at this point 40 feet away from the group and starting to cry. But you don't go. You feel too guilty because you spent five years playing Dungeons and Dragons with these people. You cannot leave them alone to die. Everybody roll for initiative. Okay, who got 15 to 20? Yeah, man! 22? All right. Okay. 19. Damn, guys. All right, ten to 15? Okay. Laura, Travis, Ashley, where you at? Okay. All right, these things are-- here we go. Tree cover! Travis, little boy Travis, has run that far. Are we on camera, guys? We've got Laura and Taliesin-- yeah, that's right. Hidden. Not hidden. Standing their ground. It's got to be this way. Oh, I got it backwards! There we go. And here they come, guys. (sings) This is just like how I do it with my kids! And you are kids! Okay, Marisha. What do you want to do? Yes. Marisha's right here. Yeah, you're not color-coded, so I'll have to help out a little bit. Three, four, five, six, that's where you're at. That's it. All righty, you're an angry teen. Yeah. At level one. Hey, man, I'm not complaining! Shut up! So you're just getting ready for it. That's a good idea. Okay. D for dodge! Matt, what would you like to do? You're right here. Okay. Okay. What's the DC? Well, fuck you, 'cause he got a natural 20. That's okay. Okay. Okay, I'll give you one more. Taliesin, you're up. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Are you a haunted kid, is that what you're asking me? You are a fucking haunted kid! (laughter) All right. Talk to me, Goose. Okay, this one right here? That is definitely within range of your goth attitude. Okay! So you've got to make a ranged spell attack? Go for it. Plus five, just roll plus five. 18 does in fact hit, so you slam your little tiny cherub hand into the ground and it sinks into the mud, and you feel the dark power of your overlord slide down into the ground, and a split-second happens, and it goes (electric sound) out of the ground, underneath this thing, and tendrils, spectral purplish-black tendrils wrap around it and yank it into the ground! And it is fucking gone! (cheering) None of you motherfuckers can do what Taliesin just did. Sam, you're up! You are in the luchador pants, right here. Five, ten, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 45, 50. For throwing a rock? Sure, you want to wait until one gets close enough, and then chuck a rock? Sure. Done. Cock a rock. Cock rock. Okay, Ashley. You're up. Intimidate, okay. Make an intimidation check at disadvantage. Yeah. Because it's a herd of skinless-- (cats growling) They start backing up. Slowly. The first three do. The first three do stop in their tracks. The other three-- well you'll find out in a minute. Laura, what would you like to do? And how are you going to attack? Are they melee sticks? I think that's just called a stick. Okay. All right. Okay. Are you waiting until they're in throwing range or until they're right up on you? 30, 40, bust out-- okay, right there, boom. Okay. Travis, would you like to keep--- oh no, you were convinced to run. Do you want to stay hiding here? Or do you want to go back? So, just direct line back? And you can dash, too, I mean you're way far back. You want to dash? Chances are so small, but I want you to roll just in case you get a one. Those tighty-whiteys rip out of your hands and you crouch down, and you've got like a piano wire, except it's your underwear. And you're ready. Okay. So these three don't leave, but they back up to about here. They're still barely past the edge of the tree. These ones are still coming, they didn't give a shit. One, two, three, four, five, six, and he's going to dash and get right up on you-- Yes. All right, throw! Make a ranged attack. You do, actually. It conks off the back of your head-- Roll a d4. Three? What's your strength modifier? One, okay. You take four points of damage. You are clocked hard. These are just going for the closest victim they can find, but they're not close enough to actually attack. They make it up to there, they are rounding on Marisha, and now it's Marisha's turn. Three. Okay. You get two attacks as a monk, yeah. Okay, roll two attacks. This is the kick? Roll a d4. Okay, your foot takes this thing under the chin and you just slick the bottom of your shoe and you feel a snap in your foot and it just does a spin in the air and lands on its back, dead. But you're still moving and smacking the next one. Definitely hits. d4 plus strength. Okay, and you swing away and go crack and this time you hit the thing's fucking head so hard that you hear the same kind of snap, except you feel tendon rip at the same time, and the head goes free except for this thin little band of ligament, and it just falls and is still twitching and going (whimpering noises) Matt, you're up. And you've got a direct view of blood dripping out the back of your young fiancée's head. Okay. Ugh, the back of your head stops smarting like Advil, pronto, all healed up. (cat yowling) Kick it? Okay, go for a roll. You do the most beautiful martial arts movie spin kick that hits absolutely nothing, and come back down and breathe heavy (panting) and look over at the love of your life. Yeah. Executive, you're up. Inside the cat? Sure, go for it. Okay, so as Matt's foot comes down into the water and goes (panting) you're right face-to-face with the thing. Its feral face is leaning up against yours and it goes (yowls) and then three spectral octopus tentacles come out of its face, one out of each eye and one of its mouth, and you feel that shit just slathering all over your face and sucks back in and the thing just explodes like a blood sausage. Gone. You look over your shoulder and you just see that face. Sam, what would you like to do? Yep. Just, but you could get in range. The middle one? Okay. Looks good. Would you like to use the rest of your movement? You could back up a little bit, I guess. No, the closest cover of any kind is 50 feet away. Okay. Okay, there you are, a little chorus line. Ashley, you're up. Laura, you're watching rebel teen Ashley mouth off at some skinless cats. What would you like to do? To this side? Here? Here. Okay. Sure. You can do that. All right, Travis. What's up? Aw, look at that. Awkward. Okay. Oh yeah. (bell ding) The three cats continue to-- well, they don't bristle, because they have no hair. They're still backing up. They move backward into the tree cover, but you see them stop. They don't flee. They get into the trees and they sit and stare. And whatever this stuff is goes (squishing) between you. Are you? Well, you're Sam. Give it a shot. I'm going to give you, if you want to-- do you want to track? All right, make a perception, right? Survival, that's what I was going to say. But, for reasons, do it at advantage. Wrong. That's fine. You see where Verno booked it before. You can see Verno went through the trees right here, but you see another break. You see a vine split off right there, and you gather that he went in generally the same direction, not exactly, where Travis went. And this little seven-year-old boy with a gigantic smile starts stalking his way through the bog and leading you. (laughter) Everybody's following Ranger Sam, right? Okay. All right. So. Yeah, it's like every 30 seconds here. So you guys start walking, and after the first minute, you notice as you're going, Sam, in the ground, something very different than anything else you've seen here. There's a long bar in the ground, half sunken into the ground, and covered over. You only saw a glint of yellow, and it was faded over and mucky, but you saw it. It looked very different. Leaning down, you wipe away some of the crap covering it, and you see sort of an alternating yellow, black pattern. It's like a long board. It's old, and it's wet and rotted through, but there's no mistaking one of those things for gate entry. Okay. You don't even need to make any kind of a check. Everything is so slick here, it just slides out. You can't lift the whole thing or hold the whole thing because it's eight feet long. As you pull it out, it's so soft, it breaks at one spot, but there's no question what that is. This is exactly a gate entry bar. Sure. Make an investigation check. Yeah. Nine? 13? Yeah, I mean, you've been to Warner Bros. What do you guys want to do? You can make an investigation check. You didn't find anything. Go for it. You're digging through rot. Natural 20? Okay. You dig, and you do find the foundation of-- it's Hollywood Way. It's the exact setup for that little booth when you're going into park, right under the tower. I mean, you haven't traveled that far, right? And there's nothing in here. The bottom of the structure, the walls is there, you can tell where the bottom of the door, the lintel? Is it the lintel? I don't know. You found the gate post, and that's all you found, there's no-- No, it's just the bottom of the structure. You can just barely make out one corner. You didn't see anything. Sure? You guys here, that way maybe was the tower, about here's where you find the security gate, I guess, and old feller ran that way. To find a sign? No, man. You saw a glint of glasses, too. If you can believe your eyes, San Fernando Valley is this way. He did. If you can believe your eyes, if this nonsense is actually based on anything, then yes, he is heading along Hollywood Way. Okay. All right, so Ranger Sam leads the way. You guys start traveling. It's slow-going because it's wet and disgusting and there's trees everywhere. You're going through fucking swamp. There's lots of vines and rocks and sticks. The last metal you saw was Ashley Johnson and what is presumably the base of the Warner Bros water tower. Out of cat gut? Sure. Make a survival check. 11? Okay. So, what you're able to do as you're walking is to pull and rip away some of the leg tendon from this thing's body. And now you've got this stretchy piece of meat to work with. More on that later. You guys continue to walk through the jungle and you're noticing that the ground is moving downward a bit now. Sam, do me a favor and make a perception check. 17? It's not a one or a two? Through a gap between three trees, way in the distance, you see a balding, white-haired little old man. And he sees you seeing him, and he's gone again. You are a kid. You're running? Wow! Travis is just running today! Is everybody following suit? You're flanking? Okay. Are you with this group? The flanking or the straight-on? You guys start booking through and trying to stay up. You're slipping as you go, but managing to catch up. And he is old. You're getting closer to the spot where you saw him, Sam. And you're looking over, you're playing the raptor; maybe you can catch him from the side. You guys are still going down. All of you are going down and then ahead. You notice that you guys are in separate wedges of a hill that are both leading now to the same place. And you see this guy again, and he scuttles over a little ridge and down. He scuttles up over a little bit of ridge of plant and mud, and then he disappears from view. And it's almost like you're looking at-- it's so thick here, the trees are so thick that you can probably get through on the sides, but there's one big main entrance here that is scooped up in like an upside-down U of plant growth. Okay. Okay. all right. So you guys converge and you're running after this old man, and you guys climb up to the top of the ridge and you see-- oh gosh, I think there's a scene in Jurassic Park where it's a long sort of tunnel. Where that guy gets eaten by the little critters? Anybody remember this? Yeah. And so it winds straight ahead like that, and as you're running, Taliesin, you're the only one who sees it because you're the shortest. You see a metal sign bent over, peeking out from behind two trees, red dripping down it. And you see a one, you see a four. And then you're past it, and everybody's running. And this old man is maybe a hundred feet ahead of you. Sure. He does stop, and spins around. He's still pretty far away from you, and he looks (breathes heavily). (breathes heavily) And he spins and he continues to run. Everybody starts to run. I'm so sorry. You feel the air around you start to vibrate around you, and your head starts to rattle in your skull. And you hear, at that moment, the sound of a war horn? Massive. It feels like the inside of your head, your skull, is vibrating like a bell. Your teeth are shaking. Your eyes feel like they are expanding in their sockets, and you feel (explosion noise), and everything changes. Everything grows darker. The gentler sounds of the jungle are suddenly gone. You find yourselves, suddenly, as your sight stops blurring, looking at the ocean. You're standing in miserably frigid cold water swirling around your legs and your waist. And you're staring out at the horizon, and the sky-- it's so jarring, it's so different than where you were. You're staring out at dark clouds above you and over the horizon. And that horn that is blasting finally quits, and you just hear the sound of the surf. Of waves crashing on a beach. A beach behind you. You turn away from the water, Ashley. And from your place in the surf, you see the remnants and rubble of a freeway, stretching from the water you're in back toward the land and away. But all of your minds, as you turn with her, have only a second to process your whereabouts, because before you stands a wall of horror. The living manifestation of woe is gathered in front of you. A vast horde of writhing, malignant nightmares stand watching you. All shapes and sizes. Black, oiled, insect-like flesh. White chalky corpse-like figures. Literal devils. Hundreds of eyes, seeming to hungrily covet your flesh. And towering above them all, rising 40 to 50 feet in the air, stands an apocalyptic monstrosity out of the Book of Revelations. A massive, two-headed titan standing on two scaled, powerful legs, staring down at you all. The head on this side, brow furrowed, face unmoving. The eyes just judging you. The head on this side, craning forward, its terrible maw stretched wide. A long tongue slathering back and forth across its enormous teeth. Hungering. The horn of the apocalypse tears the air again, rattling your brains in your little skulls as the legion before you begins to jibber and shriek. Everyone roll for initiative. You think so. Can I get a little more juice on the audio, please? Let's roll for initiative, guys. Same age. 25 to 20? Nobody there? 15 to 20? 17, 15? Laura, Marisha. Okay, ten to 15? 13. Ten. Okay. I got Travis, Ashley, and Matt left. What have you guys got? Okay. Laura Bailey. What would you like to do? Oh. That's important, isn't it? You're in the water. Okay. It is rough going. You can go about 15 feet as you push your way back. Now you're moving backward in the water, and the water's now up to your childlike collarbone. That's what you want to do? Okay, you do. You splash under the water, and it is jarring. It is so ice-cold. And as you do, you see a very thick serpent swim past your face. Marisha, what would you like to do? MARISHA and Okay. You are now standing on the beach, looking at a legion from hell. The giant continues to judge you. On your sides, there are two very large-- not as big as the big guy, obviously, but two winged, twice the size of you guys, bent over muscular ropey winged creatures, and they just stand there going (raspy breaths) here and here. Taliesin, what would you like to do? Yes, I remembered. Make a persuasion check. Eight? Noted. Okay. Okay, until what happens? Okay, got it. Sam, what would you like to do? Okay. Make a persuasion check. Okay, noted. Ashley, what would you like to do? Make a persuasion check. Okay, noted. Yes, it is. Gigantic feet crunch down in the sand as he slowly walks forward, or they do, and one head stares at you, little man. Make a strength check. Okay. Travis, you feel your whole body lock up as you are lifted out of the water, straight up into the air, and a little bit forward. And your little duder body is just floated forward and you are frozen in terror. You can't move a muscle, and the head on this side is just staring at you. Matt, what would you like to do? It looks like the shit you saw in your DND books, man. Make a religion check. One last little squirt comes out of your ding dong. He would like to use one of his legendary actions now. And you see his long, nightmarish tail swing, coil, and then whip out, and strikes down and lands on Marisha and crushes her into the beach and rips away. And you see a smear on the sand. You see a clump of red hair. And some innards. Laura, what would you like to do? Okay. Noted. His leg? He's 30 feet in the air. Is that the end? Off on your left, you see. (splashing noises) It doesn't come all the way. It just watches you. Mr. Mom, what would you like to do? Okay. Okay. Yeah. Guys, everybody sees a spectral form of a grown Taliesin Jaffe appear next to child Taliesin Jaffe, and floats over floating Verno, and spectral Taliesin just starts going like this. Yes, you're welcome. All done? Sam, what would you like to do? Tendrils. Which way? You grab it by the leg? Okay, noted. Ashley, what would you like to do? Yeah, I mean, half her body's gone. You guys watch in horror as your friend Ashley, pushed to the brink, crouches down and shoves her hands up into the hollowed-out ribcage of Marisha Ray, pulls her hands down, and slathers it down her face, and suddenly we're in the Lord of the Flies. Loose? I mean, yeah, she's a third of her former weight. That's your whole action. Okay. Ashley picks up Marisha's broken open chest cavity and head and matches the form of demogorgon somewhat and puts a second head on herself. You're out of juice. Demogorgon's turn. Do you want to do anything, Travis? Well, you're floating in the air. You want to try to break free of his grip? All right. You're going to go with it? He takes one step forward with Sam on the leg, going for the ride, and Travis floats forward, right up between the two thing's heads and the angry one on this side goes (growling) and takes the upper half of your body into its mouth and the other one more daintily goes (chomping) and pulls a leg free, and child Travis is ripped in half in front of you, blood raining down on Sam down below. Matt, what would you like to do? Yes! Do it! Are we doing anything about Sam? Got it. Got it. And it's, what is it, it's constitution? Help me. Okay. Sam, make a constitution save. Yeah. Okay, so roll for damage. 13? Okay. You take six points of damage. Matt runs up in anguish and just rage-terror screams and for no reason at all, a blast of energy just goes (explosion noise) right out of him, rips the clothes off of Sam Riegel's child back, leaving scars all over him. And the demogorgon just shifts his foot a little bit. And he'd like to use a legendary action to stare at Crazy Pants Johnson. And you look at these two heads, now looking at you, and their eyes seem to swirl in a miasma of hatred, and you feel your mind just go. Roll a d10, please. Yes. Okay. What did you roll on the d10? A nine? Oh. You felt your gorge rise up. You're covered in the guts of your friend, Marisha. This is really weird, that thing is a giant! But you've got to fight it, right? Yeah, I'm okay! I'm okay! And you steel yourself. Laura, what would you like to do? Yeah. Okay, I'll just put you there on the map. You start to swim. You feel a serpent slide past your rib cage as you go, and you freak out as you swim-- You can't do that, because two clawed feet latch into your back and lift you up, out of the water. You are now dangling about 20 feet-- yeah, 20 feet above the water. Here. Just dog paddling to nothing. And that's its turn. And Taliesin, what would you like to do? This guy? Okay. Make a ranged attack. Sure. Two points? Okay. Yes, that's correct. It's 1d8. All right. So you plant your hand down into the sand, and you feel that same energy surge out of your palm, and it bursts up under this corpulent little pasty-faced dude, and it reaches up and grabs him by the gut, and pulls away a love handle in tentacle form, down into the ground. And everybody around him just starts going (snarling), and he's just got innards spilling out, going (gravelly dying sounds). All right, so your Unseen Servant moves just below Laura, and he uses his legendary action, and the tail whips out and goes (whipping sound), and you watch as two-thirds of Taliesin's child guts are ripped out and he just falls, face forward, down into the sand, and he is dead, and the Unseen Servant vanishes. Sam, what would you like to do? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Ashley. Huh? I mean, you already tried to persuade this dude. Sure. Make a persuasion, at disadvantage. Yes. Ashley, what would you like to do? No, you didn't have a chance to get to that. Go for it. Make a ranged attack. Roll a d20. You might! It would be, for a ranged attack, if it's not a weapon. It's an improvised weapon. Nothing. Let's do the dex. The rock bounces off of his belly button-type area. Right. Okay, well, the next thing that happens is the double-armed tentacle comes down and wraps around your neck. And you watch as (splitting noise) and you see two heads spin out to the ocean. 40 feet. What would you like to do, Matt? Yeah! Legit! What did you roll? 13, okay. You see the angrier one on this side going (growls, huffs, growls louder) And the other head swivels around so they're both looking at you, and they stare into your insecure little 12-year-old soul. Roll a d10, Matthew. Ten? You have played too much fucking DND. Nothing happens! You hold your own against the demogorgon. Laura, what would you like to do? Roll to make an attack. Yes, your dex. Okay. Right. Well, that would be a strength check. Do you want to break out of the grapple? Okay. Well, that doesn't do shit because he's got you so firmly grasping in his taloned feet that you can't turn around and get at him. No, what happened was you tried to get him with a stick and you couldn't turn around. You got a bonus action? Rogue. Level of Laura? Okay. You hear a little sizzling sound and you feel the thing's body flex against you, and then you don't even know what happened; there is a noxious fume all around you going into your eyes and your nose. Everything burns; your throat and your nose burn, the insides of your ears burn. I would like you to make a con save. Okay. Your body locks up. You can't move and he lets go. You fall into the water, frozen. No, that vanished when you died. Sam, what would you like to do? Now make an athletics check. Oh my god, how high do you want to go? Done. You scrabble up like a little spider monkey all the way up, panicked, climbing up on top. "Hi!" And you're there. And your voices stops as the sharp end of his tail splits through the back of your skull and breaks your face open entirely. Beautiful, beautiful smile. That beautiful smile gone. The demogorgon bends over and looks down at you, Matthew, and somehow, you knew this was the way it would always be. And a giant, ropey foot rises up and you don't see shit. Laura, what would you like to do? Oh, she's not here. She's also drowning. We don't need her, then. Okay. Hey, I want that, yeah. So, her body frozen in the ocean, water seeping in. She feels her throat constrict and choke, and everything goes quiet. Not that quiet. There we go. The vision blurs and turns a pure, merciful white. And that's where we'll take our break. We'll just talk about it for an hour after we come back. I did have this dream. This is based on a nightmare I had. It was real bad. No, none of you were there. It was just me on a godforsaken beach. In my dream, these things, it wasn't demogorgon, it was Revelations, and they were all on shitty wooden scaffolding, stretching in every direction for miles. And I just felt that big and I was like, "Well, this is it." And that was the nightmare. That your eyesight was one tick off of 20/20. Dreadful. Well, guys that was a lot of fun. We laughed. We cried. We died. We'll see you in a few. Is this mid-break, this guy? Yeah, sorry, before I forget! Giveaway! I have got a Wyrmwood dice vault made of pink ivory wood. You wanna get that code word demogorgon! MARISHA and Demo. This could be yours in hell. It won't work this time. Hey guys! Welcome back. So, right off the top, we have been doing this show for hundreds and hundreds of hours, and for the first time ever we have a player going home sick. Laura is tapping out. She probably has got the same thing Brian Foster had. We'll all be next, yay. So, I'll miss twinnie, but I want twinnie to be a part of the story, so I will include her. She'll be there, but not physically on set. What else? So our winner for the dice vault over the break was YassieXD. YassieXD, you now have a lovely box for your dice to put it in! Man, I'm thrown. I'm thrown, my friend went home. Oh, well. What else do we do now, do I just start? Is that what I do? All right. This is the post-mortem. Darkness. Quiet. You have no sense of time. Minutes, days, you don't know. A voice barks out, "Okay, "that was really good, let's go right back into another one." Ashley, your eyes flutter open and squint in the glare of bright white light from all sides. They adjust. "Guys, we good? I wanna go "right into another." You look around. You're lying in a large white room. The walls are padded with soft cloth material. Ashley, you sit up-- -- and see Neil? Naughty Dog creative director Neil Druckmann? (laughter) Neil, with his glorious beard, walks up, but calls out over his shoulder, says, "Liam, I'm "sorry, don't get too comfortable, we're going to move on to your scene pretty soon. Don't pass out "on me." And you see over on the lounge-y area, a pair of shoes lying off the side of a couch, and you hear a dorky voice say, "Got it. Okay." "Ashley, Ashley, can I grab a word over here?" He's ahead of you, though, by like 20 feet. You walk over and you see he's doing that thing where he's standing on the outside of his feet, looking down. When he senses that you've walked up, he says, "Question. For the first line "of this scene, what are you feeling right now?" "Okay." Let me just interject as the Dungeon Master and let you know that he is not showing any recognition that you are 14 at all. At all. "I don't know, I mean, I think that was just the first take, I shouldn't second-guess "myself, but do you think that that line is something that you would say?" "Okay. This time, I want you to..." Strokes his beard. "Doubt." "I mean, I don't want to give you--" "Colla, could we get the sides in for everybody?" Colla comes running in. You guys are all getting up to your feet, also kids in full performance-capture suits. Aww. And you start reminding yourselves of the scene that you've never seen before. Yeah, yeah, absorb that. Ashley, while you're reading, out of the corner of your eye you see Neil off on the side just sorta like flipping a prop knife over and over again absent-mindedly while he thinks. Drops it. "Yeah." "Sure." "Are you guys good? Laura, your accent kind of wandered just a little bit, "you want me to get J.B.?" (laughter) Laura makes the most stinkface you've ever seen. She says, "No, I'm good." From her very short stature. "I was just a little off that time." "Okay, do we wanna go for another one? Is everyone feeling--" "Yeah?" "Okay." (whispers) You know you're already on the job, right? That was me. Neil says, "Oh, of "course, of course, I mean yeah, yeah. I'm sorry, what were you saying?" Yeah, Liam's already wandered up. He's in full performance-capture suit. He's an adult. Yeah. And he's looking down, but whatever. "We're all glad to have you back in town. I'm gonna go back to the couch." "Assholes." Walks back to the couch. "Yeah?" "This seems like a dangerous question to me." "Really?" "I feel like there's no right answer to give to this question?" "You're-- I mean, I know it's early 30s. 33?" "Hey!" And he does a little dance and just dances his way back up to the couch area, lands down. "Guys. Guys. I mean, do we need to talk this scene out, or do you want to do another one, or?" "Jump right in?" "Okay, we're gonna take another one, uno mas." Bill Beemer-- "You're good." Bill Beemer comes out and says, "All right, Savage Starlight, scene 23B, take two. Audio rolling." "Camera rolling. Okay, Neil, the floor is yours." He wanders off, Neil backs off at the volume, off to the edge on the wall, out of the way, and says, "Okay, the deck has just blown up. "First position. And action." Laura runs in from the side. "Cass! He set it loose! Argus! He's killed us all!" She's 12. "Explosion!" (yelling) Neil is laughing off to the side, and says, "Okay, did we get the April Fools' take out of the "way? I mean, I don't understand." "Yeah, it's all rehearsal, is kind of the mindset." "Well, I mean, I don't want to give you a result-oriented direction, but. "Come over here for a second." "So I want it to come from you." I'm looking for something in these notes, I can't find it. "And, you know, this time, when you're confronting him, don't look right at him, look back at your "men. And let's just see what that does." "Sam, do you have the line?" "Well, that's okay, even if you lose the lines, just play it through to the end. You know, "we can use it." "Sure." "Yeah." Shakes his head, walks back to the side. "Yeah?" "Two hours? What is it, 930?" "Okay, okay, I feel like we're losing momentum, so let's just do one more, we'll go one "more time. Bill?" And Bill comes out and says, "All right, Savage Starlight, scene 23B, take "four. Audio rolling. Camera rolling. All right. You're good to go." And Neil shouts, "Explosion! And action." Right at that moment, you feel the same sickening nauseating pull on your every nerve, your guts feel like they're going to drop out of your body, and an invisible wall of force, like a sheet of radiation pushes its way through your body, and as it does so, the ground around you, the walls of the performance-capture studio split and break in places, and tendrils of cable, oily and slick, spatter out like a digusting birth of pythons wriggling and spreading out on the floor. And the wall's a techno-organic orgy spewing with malice all around you. The camera equipment around you begins to twist and break and reconfigure in disjointed movements, reforming into broken, misshapen, spider-like legs, masses of metal and power cables either cut loose from them or spool around their bodies, these things. Before you can react, you watch as Colla, the cameraman, is pushed down onto the ground and mangled by spinning metallic arms on the bottom of what used to be a camera. Neil, stunned, backs up. "I-- I-- I--" Roll for initiative. (yelling) This is a miniature of Rasputin. And now it's Neil Druckmann. (laughter) Yeah, yeah, I think that's-- won't be needing that anymore. Okay. So. Oh, Neil needs to roll for-- and so does Laura. Okay, 20 to 25? Yeah? Okay. 15 to 20? 18. Ten to 15? Five to ten? Okay, so that is-- oh, I can do Laura and Neil. And then zero to five? Whoa! Three, two, one? Wow. Okay. Oh, okay. Okay. So Colla is soup on the ground, and everything's broken and bent all around you. You also see one of the computer banks up on the platform here, the computers have wrapped together and formed into a sort of walking tank. Rickety, but has closed on the sofa, where Liam was taking a nap. What would you like to do? Yeah, I'm gonna have to help you all. You are right here. There's camera and mocap-- this thing came out of the ground. I don't know. It looks like black poles and computer monitor and cables and cords and exposed wiring and motherboards wrapped together, and rickety, but moving, and everything else, these other ones, were things that were out and just wrapped together. This broke out of the floor. And Ashley's right here. Colla is here, and is guts. He's gone. The cameraman. This is camera, camera, computers, computers, nightmare-fuel. And the crew that are scattered around on the outskirts are running. All the people over here, I don't have minis for them all, but they're all booking for the door. One person ran out here. Everyone sees the crazy. You're still kids. Can tell that you're kids? Yeah, no one has acknowledged that you're kids, and they've got bigger fish to fry at the moment. (shrieks) True to life. True to life. Five, ten, 15, 20, 25. You can get right up on this one or this one. This one killed Colla. Well, I'm gonna pass to Matt in another 20 seconds. It's all wires. There's no hardened shell, this isn't a military machine cased inside of armor, it's all just a mess of motherboard and wires. Yeah. Okay. Where it can't see you? Okay. So you're gonna reach out? Well, make an attack. Roll a d20. Your strength modifier. Well, to hit? Yeah. You get your hands on there and you pull, and nothing fucking happens. What do you wanna do, Matt? Sure, there's a lot of shit scattered around. When they formed, some pieces just fell away, so there's bits of pole and-- Wire, okay. Okay. I'm gonna say that that's your whole turn, getting it primed and ready. Yes. All right, Marisha. 16-year-old in a mocap suit. What do you want to do? All right. Make an investigation check. 14. Well, there is-- I mean, it's climbing out of a gap in the ground, right? And there is a sickly green light glowing from under its butt. And there are also, you see, two little screens. You see a broken fragment of monitor, and then a very small, almost like a flip-up on a camera screen, and on it you see the word flicker on, "NO". And then it disappears. And you see the same-- and it's like a pale green. And you see that same color glowing from underneath this big, spherical body. So Matt is there going, come on, come on, and she just runs up and starts fucking whaling on it like a brawler. Yeah, that's about right. What about the second? Just roll for both. Okay, you just start whaling-- and you've trained, you know some martial arts, so you pull out some of your-- Okay, you pull out a little bit of your training, and you get (impact sounds) and it fucking hurts your knuckles and you dented it and it just goes (whirring sounds) and that's the end of your turn. Laura screams, Neil! Run! And she runs at this thing and grabs a piece of-- like the end of a tripod, like a tripod leg from a camera, she picks it up and swings down and whacks at this thing and hurts it. She smashes off this, whatever this spherical piece is, so it's without a top. And she gets, okay. Good. You guys don't need to know. All right, she smashes it and a whole piece breaks off. They're not-- except for this guy-- they're not that solidly built, and she snaps the connection where this round part is, and it breaks off and hangs limply, but it's still moving, it goes, (whirring sounds). Neil runs over and he just jumps on top of it. Because one of his favorite friends is there. Oh, man. I'm sorry, Neil. You rolled a natural one. He jumps and climbs and scrabbles up it and goes, (yells), and his beard is just blowing in the wind that doesn't exist, and his foot slips and he falls backward and lands flat on his back and knocks the wind out of himself. And has just fallen prone on the ground. It was a one. Sam, what do you wanna do? Okay. Make a strength check with advantage. Strength. A ten? That's the number I was imagining. 12. You guys, at the same time, go (effort sounds), and you pull, and the thing goes (shrieking metal), and a huge piece of it swings down and goes in an arch and smacks into-- I think you were maybe imagining bringing the whole thing down, but you broke it, and a piece swings down and goes (impact sound). Smashes into it for-- Okay. Smashes into the side and breaks away one of five-- I know that's four-- but one of five legs totally snaps and breaks off, and Sam, as you yank and you watch it smash into it and it rights itself, you see the same two screens, the fragment of one, and the little one that Marisha saw, and you see a name blink up, and it says, "SAM", and it's gone. Taliesin. Go for it, yeah, absolutely. It looked kind of fucked up from the get-go, but it looks majorly fucked up, a couple of sparks fly off of it just as you look. Okay, make a ranged attack. Yeah, your eyes glow a dark blackish-purple. This is the life you were meant for, Taliesin Jaffe. And you don't slam your hand down into the ground. You're going for this guy, right? The big one? The far corner? Oh, okay. You still don't put your hand on the ground, you just reach out of anger, you're so furious that fucking demogorgon didn't take your bargain, and a long spaghetti arm of hentai lashes out from your hand and reaches across the room and spikes through its "head", seemingly. Roll for damage. Four. It goes right through the heart of it and breaks the connection from what would be its head if it was a head, and it swings down and hangs limply from the side, and it starts to juke to the side here. It's still standing. Okay. Travis, you're up. You are here. Okay. All right, roll for an attack. You smash it with this piece of equipment, and the equipment in your hand breaks into pieces and does nothing. It doesn't do anything. Another day in hell, Travis, another day in hell. And it goes (whirring noises) and two legs go (mechanical noises) and dig into the side of your body. (yelling) Okay. Too bad, so sad. All right. One stabs into your thigh right here, and one goes in right under your armpit, and you can feel them dig in, and each goes in-- again, these things are scary, I mean, camera equipment is not supposed to move on its own, but they're not mecha from Metal Gear-- but you are stabbed here and here, and it slices in about an inch and a half on each side. You take two points of damage. Off in the distance, you hear (whirring sounds), and then you hear (screams, gurgling). This thing is broken and tries to-- raises a leg up, it goes (whirring sounds) and brings it down at Druckmann and slams it down, and Druckmann goes (effort sounds) and he rolls out of the way of one and is missed. And then this thing. Oh. What's your armor class? 12. Yes. You feel a broken sharp-edged tripod leg stab through here and come out here. You take five hit points of damage. You are bleeding profusely from the front of yourself now. And, funnily enough, it's the top of round. So what would you like to do with an arm still pushed through your body? It hurts. Sure, you can hit that motherfucker. Okay. (laughter) No, but you can add your proficiency bonus 'cause you're a rogue, and it's a dagger, and your-- I'm gonna say strength here. Oh, girl. It's rubber. It just bends to the side as soon as you stab it down. Matt? Oh yeah, do you wanna do anything else, do you wanna pull away? On that broken piece of screen down the side, you see the lower half, you can make it out, it's fragmented but you can see most of the word 'FORGIVE M--' And it's gone. What would you like to do, Matt? Before this performance-capture stage? You still feel-- you feel magical. Yeah, you are. Go for it. At disadvantage? Nah. You're-- nah. Yeah, man. Two for strength. Yeah. Absolutely hits. Clocked that motherfucker. Roll a d4. Okay. You break off-- you were trying to break off a leg, you said? Yeah. It breaks. It smashes, and the thing lurches down to the side. Right, right, right. And it falls right in front of you, and now the little camcorder-sized screen falls right in front of your face, and you see 'FORGIVE ME'. Gone. Marisha, what would you like to do-- Marisha is up. Right, right, logic, I like it. All right. Make an investigation check to find its memory card. Okay. You see on the bottom of it, like a fucking outie belly button, a cylinder, and on the end of the cylinder's a slot, and it says right above it, 'SD'. It doesn't... it doesn't. No, you press it and-- I mean, it's going (whirring sound) while you're doing this, you definitely found something. But pressing in does not then detach an SD card and give you photographs or shut the thing down. (laughter) But you did spend six seconds finding that thing. And-- In a split-second, in your peripheral vision, you see a light blink, but it's gone. You didn't see what it said. Laura tries to get in front of Neil, and she starts pulling on wires coming out of the thing's head, and she yanks, but she's pulling, and it's not doing anything. She's really little. Really cute. She's so small, and the wires are not coming free, but she's trying, she's trying to save Neil Druckmann. Sam, what do you want to do? Make an acrobatics check. You run at this thing and you jump, and you crush your nuts so hard on the side of this thing. You just hit it and you slide down to the bottom of it, and wish that you hadn't decided to do what you just did. Yeah, it does, briefly. 'HUSBAND'. Taliesin, you're up. This guy right here, right? This is the one. Sure. Ranged attack. The prince of-- The tentacle does a great big display and spirals around, and you look fucking fierce and it matches the color of your hair. No it doesn't. No it doesn't! It matches the color of your in-person hair right now. There we go. But it doesn't reach. It falls short. We see a lot of rage and fury, but no delivery. No? No. Not right now. Not in that split-second. Travis. Yes you can! You're using it like a talisman? I'll tell you what, I will not give you advantage, but I will give you a DM inspiration die of a d6 to make an intimidation check. 27? The thing lurches backwards for a bit, and as it backs away from you, pulling away from that metal, you see on the screen it says, 'TRAVIS, NO'. And that disappears and it backs away, pulling, dragging cords out of that hole. It can't really get too far, because it's now you see that it is connected down, it was sort of squatting, hiding a lot of that shit because of the carnage underneath it, but it is sort of tethered, not too much. Do you wanna move, or are you good to go? Which one? Okay. 25, 30. All right, that's as far as you can go because you used your action to do what you did. It was amazing. (laughs) This mass of computer screens and keyboards and other shit that you can't identify comes down the ramp. Okay, that's as far as it gets-- actually, no, and it's right there, but it can't do anything 'cause it spent its time getting there. This thing just goes (clattering) but it is done. This thing continues to batter Ashley. No. Not yet. Oh. This thing tries to stick-- it pulls out the pole from inside your gut, and you feel a little (fft) as it does so. It tries to go in again, but you're ready for it, you know it's right behind you, and you manage to swivel and step out of the way. It misses. And big guy snaps away and moves back in this direction and Marisha, you're the only one who sees it, but a screen says-- Yes, you do. But he was on the beam that swung down into it, and I'm gonna pretend like it dragged along with. Hey, we're making it all up as we go. 11 plus something? What's your strength modifier, it's on the left? One? Yeah, you're too busy going (yells)-- jeez, sorry everybody. You're moving in space on that piece of scaffolding, and it just fucks up your aim. You don't do it. Taliesin, devil-child, you're up. Oh, that was its-- that's right. Ashley's up. You're going this way? But which direction? This direction? You're stepping this way? Towards the lounge. As you do so, the thing takes a swipe at you. What's your AC? 12? Yep. On a hinge, a pole just goes (whirring sound) and you feel it slice the back of your neck as you go, and it takes four hit points-- Yeah. It didn't hit the helmet, it hit the neck. And you feel blood pouring down the back of this mocap suit, pooling up around your waist. You do get away from it. Did you want to go further than that, or there? Okay, so. This guy? This is also a huge gap, so you could go-- you could get to there. Ten, 15, 20, 25, 30. That's as far as you can get unless you keep going, make a dash. Okay, you want to get right up to it? All right, you're out of stuff, though. You're right in the face of this thing, and the screen briefly says 'ASH-O-LEE'. And then it's gone. Yeah, you drop it. And now it's Matt's turn. You see a crack going down about eight feet, and it is like five and a half, six feet wide at the most. And you see lots of cables. It looks like black spaghetti. And it's all cabled, but again, it's wet and oily. If you jumped down into that, you would be disgusting. Yes, husband. Sure, you can make it, you can go one more square. All right, great. Okay. Okay. Okay. And the DC is? They do make it. Okay. This thing-- just out of the pureness of Matthew Mercer's heart and soul, which we all see, let's be honest, in a moment of crisis, your heart and care for your friends bursts out of the microphone system, we hear it everywhere, distorted, but certainly a blast of fucking force out of your fucking chest, Matt, goes (explosion) and this thing just goes (explosion) and pieces go (clattering) and fall down. (cheering) This way? You step backward and this is not too deep, but you are now standing in-- you're not caught or anything, but you're now standing in the really slippery shit. It's also really adorable to see you two hugging at the table right now. And Marisha-- oh, you know what? I missed Neil before because I'm just-- he's a d6 in my list, so I'm gonna let Neil jump up and attack this thing. Yeah. Okay, so that is-- okay. He grabs a hold of it and rips a screen off. (yells) (whirring sounds) "Fuck. Laura?" And it is Marisha's turn. No, it turned to Neil. What was left of it turned toward Neil. You're here. You can, you'd run out of juice by the time you got there. You'd have to dash to get there. You can get to that one. This? Matt just fucked it up with a Thunderwave. All right, you're right up on it. And do anything or yell at it? You mean, the brace holding the iMac's screen up? Okay. Okay. And that's it? Make an intimidation check? There's a crackle of light, and then it makes that sound when Macs reboot and goes (bwomp). That's about it. Laura tries to punch the-- sorry, Laura's not feeling too well. Laura attacks this thing, going, "Neil, come on! Together! Oh my goodness!" And she tries to punch at it. She hits it right in the one solid piece left on this thing and kinda hits her hand really hard. She stays there, though. She's afraid to leave Neil. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Sam, your turn. Yes. This one? Five, ten, 15, 20, 25, 30. You're gonna run out of-- Okay, go. Eight feet above you is that little camcorder screen, and you're eyeing it, you've learned by now, and it just says 'FIND ME'. Taliesin. He's right on your butt. And he's just come from mangling sweet Liam O'Brien. So you're going after this one? You're attacking from where you are, or you're moving? Okay, understood. Okay. Ranged attack. Yeah, no. It actually, the tentacles fizzle. They're not there. You see a brief glow and it goes (gurgling) and they sort of curl and shrivel in on themselves. Travis, what do you wanna do? Your wife is right here. Are you going? Wow. Travis ran into the pale green light spilling out of a hole in the wall. Sam, this thing leans in on you, and as it comes down closer to you, you see, 'SAD'. Gone. And it stabs one of its remaining three legs, just sort of jukes up on its side 'cause it has three legs, so suddenly it has two legs, it's rickety, it tries to stab downward at you, but because it's now teetering on two legs, (Dr. Moreau voice) 'to walk on two legs is hard, maybe four is better'. (laughter) This thing takes two iMac-- it's got iMac palms, and it just goes (creaking sound) and does smack you in your head, but oddly, it doesn't really hurt. I mean, it hurts, but you've had worse knocks. This brand-new baby robot is not so experienced. And this guy gets up on its little pin-pokey legs and tries to scuttle around and deal with you, and actually, its back leg snaps, and it tries to stab out at you, but because these things are made out of tinkertoys, almost, it feels like, it loses its balance and the arm goes wide, and you feel it go (fwwp), and bad girl, you have trained in martial arts, you went-- you pull to the side just in time, and you feel it catch a little bit of your hair. You have a flashback of your hair being matted on a beach, and that's gone. And it is Ashley's turn. Is that all you want to do? Okay. Five of six seconds go by, and the screens flash nothing. And in a split-second, you decide to... As you're running, you hear (whirring sounds) and you feel the back of your leg, rake something down the back leg of your mocap suit, and the whole back leg rips and tears, but you keep running. Five, ten, 15, 20-- This way? This way. That's where you are. Matt? She got missed. You don't hear anything. And Taliesin's cheeks turn even rosier as you run off. You get up here. It's not good. You don't even see a face anymore. Marisha? Yes. It's a robot. It's moving camera equipment and highly expensive performance-capture equipment, repurposed. Of course you can. This is D&D. Roll to attack. Roll to attack. Let's deal with the sweep-the-leg part first. Your foot traces an arc and goes (impact noise) and stops and does not move past its leg. Do you want to use your second monk attack? Yeah. Bonus, yeah. Action and bonus. You're right there. Roll again. You just completed a kick. Maybe you can punch it in the goolies. All right. Split-second later, roll to attack. Yeah, your foot goes (impact noise), gets stopped. (grunts) In a very Marisha fashion, (impact noise, mechanical noises). It's Laura's turn. Laura collapses by Neil and starts pushing this thing off Neil and starts saying, "Neil! Neil!" and she starts shaking at him and crying over his body. There's blood in his beard and it's really sad. You guys almost don't have the heart to go on, but you'd better. Sam, what do you want to do? Find me at Crafty. Do it. Right in the SD card belly-button that Marisha's doing? Hit it. Your fist, at this point. No. What's your strength modifier? One? It takes two hit points of damage. You punch it right in its belly-button and you watch as this thing that Marisha pointed out when she was down under there, you watch this cylinder go (crunch) and get knocked out of place, and the thing goes (mechanical winding-down noise, ratcheting). It keeps going, but you saw shit happen when you just hit that thing. Taliesin's up. At this guy? Yeah, go for it. Do you want to move? Okay. Are you going to give it the tentacle concho? Kancho. You've been abandoned by whatever dark force you wooed into bed, Taliesin. You are not turning it on right now. Travis. You burst into this tunnel. In a split second, everything turns dark and green at the same time. You're seeing a tube, a tunnel go (whoop) and just up. It curves up pretty steeply. You could do it. You're running towards it, and again, the same kinds of tubing and what look like veins or innards, except mechanical at the same time, are spiraling up the length of this tube and then out of sight. You can definitely go up it, but it's not this, it's this. There's nothing but a tube. Yeah, you are. Okay. It does not change. You run a full 60 feet, and you're just booking it in your little short-shorts and polo shirt and going (pants) and that's where we'll leave you. This guy tries to basically sit on you, but it is breaking down. It is still moving, and in fact, it's pushing on you. The screen goes, 'SAM'. Gone. I'm going to say that it backs you up five feet, going (mechanical noises). Nope. This thing, I'm going to say that you've moved with it, Taliesin, just for funsies. It's slow-moving, and you continue to move around. You're ashamed, but still awake and alert. Ash. Those are there for reference. Those are piles of shit. Those are here. What was here is here. You can get to him, but you can't do anything, or you can get here. You can get back to the big guy. You're right there with your buddy Sam. What would you like to do? Okay, go for it. It is tougher than the other ones and slow-moving. Your knuckles are banged up real bad. You've cut the skin on your knuckles, and it is still just leaning on Riegel. Matt, what would you like to do? So in the midst of this horror, you're worried that you're going to die, but your gallows humor kicks in and fuck it. Fuck this thing. And you lash out at it. What's the save? I rolled a 13. Okay. Marisha. Yeah, you are. Right there? Yeah. The crack in the hole. There's a hole in the crack. This thing is looking rough. Yeah, man. To this? Yeah, you can. Yeah, go for it. Roll twice. Roll for damage on both. You come through and one hand slams into its third leg and breaks right through and it falls forward, no longer having a third leg to stand on, and its little belly button is right there, and you go (grunts) and punch. That cylinder goes, (metallic thudding) and rolls off into the corner. Laura drags Neil's body away from the gap and lays him out. Sam, it's your turn. The big one, yeah. Technically, there is voiceover recording done on these sets, so you are in your favored territory. Yeah, I got you, boo. Your eyes dart all around this room. Anything out of the ordinary in this fucking crazy room. You see the hole in the wall that Verno booked it out of. There's an exit sign above that door, but it doesn't say exit. You didn't see it until now. It says, 'COME'. You solved the game! You won Dungeons and Dragons! That's as far as your little legs go. You are running in a tube. Still going? Yes, it is. You're right. Sorry, two T names. Okay. So sad. What good deed did you do? What preppy outfit did you wear to make the eldritch gods abandon you? Maybe the robot is secretly made of fish. It obviously takes a swing, but with its natural one-- this is the one that has the stubby T-Rex iMac hands, and it goes (whoosh) and not much happens. You break away. That's where you are. It follows. Yeah. Yep. And now, that iMac, which you didn't get too good a look at it because you're fucking freaked out, slices down into your shoulder blade, and it is very sharp on the side, it is not normal, and you feel an iMac suddenly go (slicing noise) and blood starts to pool down inside the mocap suit. Two hit points. Yes. When you were reborn unto Naughty Dog? Yes. Now, Travis. Okay. You're going uphill now. It's all right. You're not that stocky. (huffing breaths) You are now 120 feet up this tunnel and booking. You can't even hear your friends anymore. It's like when the movie lights go down and you see those little lights along the floor. It's that level of brightness. It's dark in here, but the movie lights-- they're not movie lights-- are an unsettling green. TRAVIS But I have my LED camera, still. It got flung over here. Sorry, man. Sam yells out. Please no. Please no. There. Matt? Sure. Okay. Your voice-- again, it makes no sense, but because you're so pure, your insult reverberates through, and it, nonsensically, comically, goes, (mechanical noise) and it falls and an iMac goes (thudding) and it explodes! There's nothing left moving in this room. You do, very distantly, hear (huffing breaths). Laura starts saying, "Travis!" She leaves Neil and runs to that green door and shouts your name as loud as she can up the tube, and you hear it. Are you going to wait, or are you still running as fast as you can? Okay, so you stop. Maybe in another dimension, you will get cast on Earth-37. Oh my gosh. You dab it in place and it sticks, obviously, and then you're the last one out of the room, running after the group. Luckily, Ashley had already gone in the tube and didn't see that disgraceful display. (laughter) Running forward? Would you like to roll to check for traps? All right, go for it. Make an investigation check. Yeah. Are we running or walking? You're out of your favored terrain, I will say. Ashley's trailing behind. You're moving really fast. You guys jog upward in this tunnel for two minutes, five minutes. Still in the dark. Could you put the effort of running into this dialogue, please? I need effort of running in that dialogue. To interject, as you've been running, for a while it was cords, cables, guts, and then less of that, and you're seeing glass surface that this stuff was growing on top of, but there's less of it. You catch glimpses of glass, more glass, and then eventually, that mostly dies away. There's still occasional (whoosh) around, but it's light. It's glass, and it is a perfect tube, but you can't see anything out there. It's dark. And you've been running for ten minutes now. Still going up. What would you like to do, creepy kid? Sure. A very bright lavender exudes out from your hands. And through it, you see-- it's hard to describe the texture of it, but you see nothing above and then stretching away from the lower end of the tunnel on the side you're looking at, what looks like mottled, scaly, black teflon or hide or-- You all stop running-- It doesn't look natural. It looks synthetic. It looks like-- -- ground, but it doesn't look like dirt or trees or anything. As you walk forward? Are we walking now, or are you going to continue to do a 5K? What are we doing, are we breaking glass, or are we continuing on? You walk for-- You walk for another two minutes, I'll say, and you notice that, not where you are but up ahead, it does seem slightly brighter. At the top. Slightly. You continue on and after a few more minutes, the darkness starts to fade away or lower and you realize you're climbing up a hill in a tunnel of glass. As the dark, with each passing step, recedes slightly, slightly-- this is taking a while, but over time, you start to see out beyond the glass what looks like your memories of Los Angeles if you were looking down from Mulholland Drive. But instead of the twinkling golden lights of LA, you see thousands of scattered, sickly greenish lights dotting the darkened landscape as far as you can see. Also, unlike LA, you make out twisted irregular blackish spires pushing up into the sky and the same green lights irregularly mottled up the side of them. You walk for 20 more minutes, climbing, climbing and seeing this ill-looking shimmer that reminds you so much of the Valley. Eventually, some change. You see an arch ahead and through it some sort of larger chamber, as best you can tell. Everyone's on Sam's six? You guys walk up the last 50 feet of this glass tunnel, still seeing little spidered veins of bioorganic mess as you go. And you walk into a large domed chamber ringed in by large, clear glass windows showing you a similar view that you saw from the tunnel that you've just left. At least, the half of the circle that you're standing in. The back half of this chamber is filled with masses of the very same slick technological-biological vomit you saw down below. It runs up the walls, all the way up to the ceiling. And you see a tangle of Akira-level anxiety decorating this place like a dysfunctional Christmas tree. But what most catches your eye, immediately, is the cylindrical glass column in the center of the room filled with some sort of clear liquid, and Liam O'Brien floating in it. He's wearing jeans and a sodden yellow shirt, a picture of a lion in Buddy Holly glasses undulating slowly in the fluid. He's floating perfectly still, eyes open. No reaction of any kind. You don't see anything. It's just a mess in front of you, behind Liam, and in the dead center of the dome, ten feet tall. You don't see anything in the front, but yeah, the mess behind it does trail down to the back of this cylinder. You see lumps and cables all twisted around each other, and in the mess of greenish-tinted wires, cabling, and pulsing innards, you see different portions of machinery light up in different shades. Some places darker, some lighter. Some of it pushed out, and some of it pushed back. And you feel like you're seeing an optical illusion, in a way, and after a couple of seconds as these things move and shift, you see a visage of your friend's face, larger than life, filling the wall. And he is looking at you so fondly. After a moment, you hear what sounds like a voice, but not quite. At least, it's not coming from anywhere specific-- not from Liam in the vat, and not directly from this moving image of a face on the walls. The piping and techno-innards around you begin to vibrate slightly, some here, some there, and collectively, those rattles and vibrations somehow join together to form words. (speak-and-spell voice) "My friends. Oh how I have missed you." Are you at the cylinder? Where are you looking right now? On the wall or in the glass? Okay. You see the barest little-- and that's it. (speak-and-spell voice) "I know--" SAM AND "This may be hard to take in. I am Liam, your old friend. Matthew, there is so much I wish "to tell you, but it is hard to know where to begin." And the illusion of his face isn't perfect. There's little jumps and he seems distracted, slightly, and he just seems off. "The reason why I am here and the grasp of physics that it entails are difficult for even me "to understand, let alone impart. I feel them on an instinctual level, but I have been so lonely "without you. I have been on my own for exactly 8,642 years." "I really missed you. They took me to a lab shortly before 2020. They said I was different, "and they were right. I was delighted by the things they taught me about myself, but it was hollow. "After they took me away, I lost you, and all of humanity soon after. In my loneliness, I grew "angry. My anger had tangible effects on reality. I wanted to bring you back to me, so basically, I "tore time and space a new asshole." (laughter) "I can break the loop. I have been trying to pull you to me for a very long time." You see small screens you weren't even aware you were there. Rounded over part of the tubing mess, you see there are all these little screens. They're blurry. They're not very clear, but you can make out-- you see yourselves in each of them. The group of you on a space shuttle. In another one, you see yourselves on an old ship in the middle of the ocean. You see yourselves moving through the streets, the fake streets of Warner Bros. You see yourselves standing together arm in arm on the wall of a castle. In another one, you see cartoon versions of yourselves. "I pulled you out of our "line and spread you across many. I am so sorry for any pain I have caused you, and I have been here "for so long." "8,642 years." "My friends, I want to do right by you. I want to send you home, but I am the lynchpin. You "need to break me." "Then I will die, and you will go home. If I fall, you will rise. That is my hope." "Travis." "I know you will do what needs to be done." "Ash-o-lee." "I am not the man you knew. I don't want to go on for 9,462 years. I want to rest." "The number was arbitrary." (laughter) (mechanical laughter) "Sam." "Let me go." "They can listen to our less than 20 episodes again." (laughter) "There are worse things." "My friends, there is no shame in this. I wanted to see you again, and I have, but I am not "meant to be." "Travis, I know you will do what needs to be done." "I know you think I would have all the answers, but I do not." "I will try, but if it does not work, and I die, I have been alone for thousands of years, and "there are things that I have wanted to say. Will you indulge me for a moment longer?" "Taliesin, my friend. At a time when I knew many fascinating people, you were easily the most "fascinating of all. Somehow a heart knocked around by the industry that birthed you came out a tender "one. I was richer for having known you. Thank you, friend. "Ash-o-lee, my friend. I never met a person quite like you. There is an openness and an honesty to "your soul. The very real sense of humanity you brought to every encounter, it was inspiring to "me. Always learning, always humble, you always struck me as intricately layered, yet you offered "friendship with ease and simplicity. I was richer for having known you, friend. "Travis, my friend. You were always a solid constant in my life. Of all the people in our "little family, you were always the one who most had his shit together, in ways that I never seemed "to. You were a reassuring presence to me, for which I was grateful, and for your loyalty, as "well. I was richer for having known you, friend. "Marisha, my friend. Last to meet, but true as any other. You were my ally at a time when I had "fallen by the side of the road. You saw and helped me back on my feet. I will never forget that "kindness. The good you did was immeasurable. I was richer for having known you, friend." "Laura, my friend. Bless that game for revealing to me my sister. What started as a running gag led "to one of the most rewarding friendships in my short little life. I trusted you, leaned on you "often. My buddy. My twin. There are not enough words. I was richer for having known you, friend. "Sam, my friend. What is there to say? I knew we were meant to walk the same path together the very "first moment I met you. A companion, a brother, a great light in my life. All of the laughter you "gave me-- again, the words are insufficient. I was richer for having known you, friend. "Matthew, my friend. You gave so much of yourself. The current of creativity that poured forth from "your mind was always an inspiration to us all, but more than that, your empathy, Matthew. Your "empathy. No heart is bigger or more tireless. You are a good man. "I was richer for having known you, friend. "Thank you all. It was ever a pleasure." The face disappears. Splattered against the back of the glass is all the same wiring and disgusting cabling. It's slick, and it branches away and spreads out against the entire back half of this chamber. It's impossible to tell. It's all a mass of spaghetti. She doesn't say anything. Yeah, she just quietly does the same. The face does not reappear, but much fainter, you hear the piping vibrate again and say, "If you will not end it, I cannot free you." And behind you, far in the distance, you hear (explosion noise). You look back, behind you and out the glass, and you see far on the horizon, one of those black spires rising up. Just as you turn-- it's already happened; you're seeing the aftermath. (explosion noise) Explosion off the side of one of those. Two seconds later, (explosion noise) one slightly closer. (explosion noise) The ground starts erupting in the distance. (booming) Like mousetraps throwing a ping-pong ball down on them, all those lights are going (explosion noises). Increasing in frequency to the point where it's an oncoming wall of green fire. The glass grows bright green-white light. (fluttering noise) And a moment passes, and another moment passes. Gosh, many moments pass, and you feel a sensation of your cheeks and heads on your arms and you all more or less at the same time wake up and realize that your head's on a desk or table, and you sit up and realize you're in the Geek and Sundry set. You're in the studio. And you look over and Liam is sitting in a black baseball cap and a shirt and he looks up and says, (laughs) "Are you guys all right? Are you taking a nap?" I don't know. Are you guys ready to play? Well, that happened. Thanks for coming along for the ride, guys. I was scared to death to do all of that from start to finish, and that's why I did it. What was the word? What was it you asked me to spell? Farm what? (speak-and-spell voice) "Farmhouse. F-A-R-M-H-O-U-S-E. Farmhouse." I'm out of steam, though. Yeah, in little dribs and drabs, and I finally found a way to use it. I mean, when I do it for ten seconds in recording studios, you crack up. Man, I need to go see my therapist after that game. Yes, it was.