You're so early tonight. Yeah, same panel. I'm on three, so I think it's two on Friday and one on Saturday. I tweeted out the times. Don't remember them now, so just go check my feed if you want. I'll see you there. Taliesin and I got here early and with Ryan we opened everything and it's an embarrassment of riches. Some of the stuff I didn't see, some of the stuff Taliesin didn't see. So we're not completely spoiled, we're a little spoiled. And please. I mean, we thought it was a corpse, at first, when we got it. Then, when we opened it up we got really excited and I had this, which I used to open it. We got really excited and took a bear out, and then it was a bear and we forgot about all the wrappings and the paper. So if you sent us the bear, please contact us now. Just contact us now. You're watching. Somebody is watching who knows that person, so just let us know. I think if it had been the only package, we would have been able to focus better, but there were about a hundred packages, so it was difficult for us to focus. We were opening stuff for an hour and a half, so thanks in advance. Yeah. We are friends with Wyrmwood Gaming, and you can still use the code CritRole to get free shipping on an order for your wood. Its beautiful wood. I have some black wood, but there's many different colors. They are really, really beautiful. So just share the nerd connections, everybody. The Kickstarter boxes are not. The CritRole code will not work for these, but they'll work for these bad mama-jamas right here. I have one personal thing. I have a pilot on Amazon Prime called Everstar, where I play a little robot. And he's really uptight. Yeah, that's a pilot. They all launched, and I'm in a cute adventure cartoon for young girls and boys. And I'm up against bloody, gritty live-action dramas and political satire and other cartoons, as well. Roger Craig Smith is playing Mouse Cookies. But if you like Everstar, which is this young action/adventure space-pirate story, give it a watch. If you like it, vote it through. If it gets voted through, I will continue to be a robot. I'm not familiar with that. What is that? Is that a match three? Like Bejeweled? Will Ferrell. Let's do this! He's got the maps out already. Get your shit together, man. That's not what I heard. Expect the unexpected with Scanlan Shorthalt. Is there resistance to anything on there? There's the door you mangled in front of you. Hey, you guys! Why are you not Dimension Door-ing out of there? Get the goliath. Get that goliath. You got a number. G-T-F-O! We're not here. Can they see the top of his head behind the table? "Oh, I'm going under the table." It's the giant! It's the undead giant! You can't get this on network television, ladies and gentlemen. Yeah, you've lifted people with it. You've grabbed people. Is what your friends would say if they were there. Comically tragic. Different hatch or the same hatch? Do you have the earring in? Run, Forrest. Whatever the better number is. Whatever's better athletics or acrobatics. Go, go, get out. You have inspired people. G-T-F-O, man. Is your beret still on? Bringing it home. Zac, adjusting the microphones. Just 12 more. You're going to tell us when we can do something in the back, right? Yeah. Just curious. 23. Hold your turn, dude. All right, I'm up. Yeah. I'm going to try to unlock the door. So that's a ten. 23. Perception check. Which is a 25. And what are the other doors? So it's open straight ahead? I haven't used any movement. If I go to the archway right across, right? I'm clicking my boots as I walk forward. Do I perception check again at the arch, or does the same one hold? I unlocked the door and I've walked ten feet. All right, I'm going to juke to the left. I'm going to go to that door and try the knob. Nope, no, the other door in the room I'm in. Yeah. (singing) Perception! Nothing. All right, so I look straight at Percival. I'd like to use the last of my movement just to stay-- because I've got the boots on, I've got a lot of movement left; I can stay ten feet behind him. Can I, at this point? And we're on the first floor, right? (flatly) Merry Critmas. 16 or 17. 16. He hears your voice! I don't know, for your bear. AC, HP, bite attack, claw attack, plus eight. Split his head like a gourd. Technically, none of this happened. All right, I've got double speed. I go right towards the table, make an acrobatics check to slide my ass across it-- Yeah. That is a 23? I want to slide into a crouch right behind-- I don't want to go that far. Right by Percy, because I can't go much further, I don't think. Would I be able to make it to Grog and his friend? If I can't make it to Grog, I want to stay at the door. If I can make it to Grog, I want to go to Grog. I don't want to go next to him, I want to go and eviscerate the bowels of the fucker who's fucking with him. Yeah. Sneak attack because he's engaged with Grog. So here comes the total. All right, so... No. Wait. So. I'm alive! Rogue rules-- Oh, I'm stabbing the guy three times! I'm doing my catchphrase, man. Dagger, dagger, dagger! Oh, he's already taken a turn in combat, okay. So. I'm going to use luck on that first attack and go again-- ooh, and I'll use the first one. So the first one was an 8 plus... 19 on the first? All right. Second is a 19? Third is 23. All right, first one, I'm going to use my Flametongue. It's two plus... nine. And here comes the juice. Nine, 13, 17, 18, 20, 23, 25? That's the first one, and then second attack is three. This is the keen dagger, that's a ten. And the third attack is the Flametongue again for seven. Yeah, I'm looking him right in the eye as I do that, too. I'm wearing my helmet, my shiny helmet. Yeah, that's it. Doesn't it cancel out after one roll? Advantage versus disadvantage is one roll, right? Because he's out of it. He's going cuckoo. Stuff happens. Give him a bonus 15 HP or something. Make it good. 16 plus a lot. A natural 20! (cheering) Three plus seven is ten. 20? Which part doubles? Is this a first?! Wait, is the mist there? Somebody light a match! Yeah, the vampires down by the tree did this. They misted in. Just missed it. Right, so I'm going to start rushing up the stairs. Before I do, I'm going to spank Grog as hard as I can on the ass and say, "Kill!" And run up the stairs at the first guy who's enveloped in Percy's smoke and start stabbing him. There's no balcony? So there's no way up there? That's what I'll do. Yeah, that's good. That's 30. And I stab him. Okay. Did the leaping take any of my actions? It's movement? Okay, so that's 22. And a 16. And a one. Yeah, okay. The first one is the Flametongue dagger. That is four plus six is ten. And the second one is the keen dagger, and that is two plus seven is nine. That's the button. Thanks, Mike Mearls! 3d8. Up to 24. He's had worse. He'll be fine. Oh, yeah, that hits. I can take it. Yeah. 25. Oh, uncanny dodge. Half that. So what did you give me for damage? Eight? That's four. It's a vampire. We just killed him. Sort of. And stuff. (sneezes) Is that fellow who's enveloped in schmutz right next to Grog? Yeah, I'm going to stab him. (laughter) First one is not that great. It's a 14. Second one is a 26. Oh, well let's do that again, then. We'll call that a 27 instead. And then the second one is now a 20, and the third one is a 26. (shunk, shunk, shunk) Two plus seven is nine for the keen dagger, and then for the life-stealing dagger is a seven, and then back to the keen dagger, that is an 11. Oh, right. Yeah, I'll put that in. Thank you. Eight, nine, ten, 11, 17, 19. I would also like to boot him over the side as I do this. See those acrobatics checks... Get them, yeah! I yell out from the top, "Vex, no survivors!" I do. I hop down off the balcony and walk up by Grog. There's no question, this is a bad situation you're in right now. We're not looking for you at all. I'm happy to knock you out and leave you in a closet here and lock it. If you want to help me find the Briarwoods, I really want to know where the Briarwoods are. Not you. Just the people you work for. That's a good question. Is there anything else you can tell me in regards to back doors or secrets that your bosses don't want us to know? I mean, really, this is the time to talk, right now. 21. Let's back this up a little bit. You hung people from the Sun Tree? "Where I saw that child?" I slit his throat. Piece of shit.