Can someone save me a Loot Crate box? You remember what our teachers said of this place. It's pretty, but it's dangerous. Do Vex and I have memories of these from our tutoring in Elftown? But the lights, we never heard anything about those lights? Well, Liam knows that, but I'm asking if Vax does. Just a 13. I wonder if they're fairy folk. I didn't roll anything. I just wanted to call out you couldn't have used the broom for that? Vex'ahlia! Do you want to go higher and get a bird's eye view? Maybe that's not safe, but-- I meant even higher. All right. I'm going stealth! Ducking into the grass! 34. I walk over to Percival. Percival, I'm worried you're going to walk your glasses into a tree or something. Do you want one of us to hold those for the time being? Do you have something to put them inside of, besides just the pocket? I don't want you falling on them. Matt! Pike is with us, right? No? Okay. All right. I robot out once in a while on Skype. I guess I missed that. I don't feel confident about that. I'm going to scramble up next to Keyleth to watch this. It went really well for you the last time that this happened. I'm sorry. Have there been any significant changes of late? Cities here that didn't exist but a while ago? 35. Any last bit of advice. Copulation, Grog. She means did you do the thing. Did she like the beard, though? Wait, hold on. I believe I was standing next to Keyleth, so I stick my pinky into my mouth and I shove it into Percy's ear. And I say Keyleth, that is really immature, really. What is the matter with you? And I walk off. Wait, let's all think about this for a moment. Don't do anything hasty. (stage whisper) Everybody, let's back up slowly. It's clearly hilarious, but Percival is our sharpshooter. I don't know if we want him-- Well, why would we want one when we could have two? Critical Role, where you come for high fantasy. 24. A druidic Sergeant Pepper? We got a problem here? I've played the original Legend of Zelda. I know if we go up, left, down, left, we should get out of this field. I'm watching quietly the whole time with a smile at this bear that I've known as a cub grunting with my sister grunting back, and it's very touching. Does that mean two days into dusk or two days that last an eternity? We don't know. Wait, you said Vax. Do you mean Vax, or do you mean Vex? And does it look like anything from my sister and my memory? 20. You might want to tell us what's going on before we figure it out for ourselves. This is your chance. I'm in the mood to hear this guy's life story. Get him a cup. As long as he's secure, yeah. Garmelie, we have a very bad track record when we make friends. We have been burned badly a few times, and I want to make it clear that you will be watched while you're here. Come in, eat, enjoy yourself, but multiple people here are keeping an eye on you. Understand? Pass it around. Well, we know no one here except for this guy. We need to find you that bow. I don't relish the idea of dealing with our father, but it seems like our best bet. Are you sure you want to, though? Are we talking klepto stealing, or career? Chicken in your belly goes, though. A little more than that, friend. A little more. But you know how to get there. What are we discussing, exactly? Yes, but the devil's in the details. What are we after? Tell me a little bit more. Say again? Balls is what that is. We're talking about a pantsless cartoonist in the middle of fairy land. Same. Yeah, but I've done insight checks before because he's Percy. I got a 15. Balls. I turn to Vex. You like this idea? You want to do this? Possibly better equipped and better educated, sorry, than this one here. They're elves. They're very civilized. They've all got sticks up their asses. They're fucking elves. I thought she used it once before on something. You fixed that little Sarenrae doll. Oh jeez, here comes the internet. I've got one right fucking here. I pull the black feather out from behind my ear and hold it up. This is a very fine feather to sweeten the deal. Don't fuck us over. And I slide it into the book. We've really been burned. I am really going to punch you in the back of the head if you fuck us over. Do you understand me? I don't like you. Here, give me your fucking hand, you dirty bastard. I'm pretty sure he was talking to me. Odenna? Yeah, that sounds fun. Oh, that's good advice, actually. I'm changing my mind on this guy. With those 20 guards, right, Scanlan? That was primo, baby. I'm taking a short walk, all right. I sleep like a baby in my armor. When did this show turn into Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead? (laughter) I think it's gross. So you no longer think it's a good idea to enter into this agreement? Move over, Scanlan. Holy hell, that was good. Oh, look, the satyr's sad. What's the matter, friend? Somebody get this poor asshole a handkerchief. He looks so sad. We're going to go in and make introductions and get settled and then figure out what the fuck we're doing. I'm not changing anything. It's a potted screaming baby. Leave them. 21. Syldor's children. They're with us. 20. Everybody, let my sister and I do the talking for a minute. Thank you. I scoop up my sister's hand, down by my side, and walk forward. Then you can imagine there is great cause for us to be here. I motion for the rest to come up behind. Live show, no pressure.