Words, shave words in-- Three-armed shirts are coming in 2016. Can I just interject for a second only because I'm hot as hell. I just want to thank @pupgames on twitter for making me this fabulous stealthy cloak. I'm going to take it off in about two minutes, because it's more t-shirt weather here in the studio. So I'll just let everybody bask in the glow of my absence of light for two minutes, and then I'm going to switch to t-shirt mode. Oh! Mazel tov! Well-earned. You nerd. I'm good. Well, couple of things. Grog and I were keeping watch. I forget, one of us was on the first floor and one's on the second. I'm just going to say that I was on the second for now. Because I can't remember. It's probably wrong. I'm going to take all daggers out of my Blinkback Belt except for the Keen Dagger and replace them with wooden stakes that I purchased. And I'm going to spend an hour or so, whatever it takes to-- I've got partial gloves on; I'm going to take that symbol of Sarenrae and I'm going to take as much time as it needs to sew it so that it is fixed firmly to the back of my right hand. I tell Grog that I'm going to go down below and check, and I follow the path all the way down to find-- I think everyone else is down there. I step over Scanlan's head and I kneel down by Keyleth and gently place a hand on her shoulder and say What do you need? What can I get? I got holy oil. Not water. I got two. I remember it. It was two vials of holy oil. I gave one to my sister, and I have the other. If you think it will help, you take it. Do you need me to get water? I'm going to go out into the street. I'm going to find water. Yeah, we all are. Percival, do you want to come upstairs to the window, and-- Oh, you're coming, too? All right. You're my son, let's go. (laughter) I feel like we should probably bring a little more water than one bucket. So we should spend a little bit of time doing that. But maybe my sister and I can have a look around, see if there's anything that we've missed. Outside. Do we trust anyone here? Percival, we're on your turf, so I'll follow your lead. Can I choose to hide instead of deceive? Yeah, I'll hang a little bit back from them. 26. Wait a minute, nope. Let me look. I'm just going to move in, ten feet ahead, and see what I see. That is a 23 for perception. I hiss back at Percy is this the way to your temple? Through here? Do we knock? Well, all right. And I look-- It is what I do. This is an old, old type of lock, hold on. There's no lock? Oh, but I rolled a natural 20. Does that help? Let me get through the door? Oh, where's Grog when you need him? Okay who's got a-- mine are all very small. Do you have a shortsword? Oh, right. I always forget. Don't fuse with a church pew. More of a sneeze. (muffled) Scanlan! Open the door. All right, Scanlan, step back from the door a couple of paces. I'm going to stick a blade through the door. I'm going to hold on one side, you're going to hold on the other, and we'll do it together. Percy, can I borrow your blade? It's all we need. Scanlan, grab some rags or something, wrap it around the blade. You're going to lift on your side; we're going to lift on this side. I can't get the handle through the crack in the door. Got that Bigby's Hand, is that what you're saying? All right. Can we lift it together? Bigby's Hand? Bigby's Hand! Whip out the purple hand, man! Wait. Scanlan, are there any windows in there? Hold on, this is stupid. Which way to the window? I can walk to the window. I can probably lift that door bar from inside. With your help, son. Let's save that for important stuff. All right, where is the window? Which way do I go? Yeah, I'll attempt to leap. All right. 25. Builds character. I'm going to stay away from the altar and skirt the wall all the way around it. Mat Okay, you get to the door. Whip out the hand! Come on. What's the matter? They're trying to copy your work. For war. Yes. Going with. Are there any untouched? I'll snag those. 20. Stepping back into the darkest shadows I can see. 32 stealth. I'm throwing a dagger right now. It's a banshee, man. There's Siouxsie and the Banshees, they're all right. He means well. Okay. Okay. Natural 20 for initiative, as well. 17. No. Doesn't stack. So, do I get to attack and then move into the combat round where I got a natural 20 plus five for initiative? So, there's no sneak attack damage on this thing, is there? All right. 15, so this is a 26 to hit. Okay. And this gets the sneak attack damage? All right, here we go. But it's not a critical hit from assassinate because-- It's not surprised. All right. So, that's a four plus seven is 11. Plus 15, 19, 20, 24, 26, 28? I'm just going to keen dagger it three times in a row. Oh, I've got to roll to attack, so that is a twelve plus-- 22? Okay. Two, and that is six of damage, and then natural 20 on that one. That is three, four, three, plus seven is ten, so 20 for that, if it's doubled for a critical hit. Oh, all right, so six plus-- 13. You know what, just to be fair, I changed out all my daggers except for one, so I probably couldn't throw the same dagger three times in a row, so I think should pull back some of the modifiers, so I would pull out four, because my dagger is plus two. So the plus two for two of those hits gets taken out, right? So four, minus four. I threw one dagger and two wooden stakes. First was the dagger, yeah. Even though they came out of the belt? All right. It's okay. It's just wood. What? 16. In a little bit. Without Percy? All right, so where is it? I'm just going to back away from it about three steps, while I pull Flametongue Dagger out of my cloak. Yeah, oh! That, oh, okay. No. So, I'm going to walk, thanks. I'm going to slide up the wall along where Scanlan is. Towards Scanlan. And another thing I realized, I haven't clicked my Boots of Haste, so I wouldn't have been able to do whoosh, whoosh, whoosh, anyway. And I'm still not going to. But I'm pulling out my Flametongue Dagger and now I'm throwing Keen Dagger, Flametongue. First one is 26. And the second one is 23. Okay. First attack gets 11. And the second attack gets eight. I'm going to, without doing any dash or anything, because I can't, I'm going to move as far as I can just going kitty-corner. Behind Scanlan, walking along the wall. Absolutely. Yeah, that's as far as I can get, that's good. It starts over. No, we should kill this thing! We're not going to be able to run. This thing flew in here on the breeze. Fingers going out the windows of the church like Alice in Wonderland. They look like diamonds. You crushed it. Lift yourself up for a victory lap. No, I've got four healing potions. I pour, it's not the best. It's a greater healing? We don't know, but I poured the potion into Percy's mouth. I slap him twice, anyway. What do we do? The priest's dead. Is there anyone else, or should we head back? No. While they check the room, I'm going to go all over the altar and see if there's anything, any hidden door, any trapdoor, anything like that. Eh. That's a-- oh! No! Wait, I keep forgetting that's a rogue skill. That's a 20. I take my dagger, and I go to the altar-- I didn't say I'm leaving it. Yeah. You want that? I start-- would you hand me that scrap of paper, yeah? So I start carving this-- Is this Pelor? Okay. So, I just start scraping it into the stone with the Keen Dagger. And then before we go, I'm going to the wooden door, and I carve into the door Pelor lives in Whitestone. It's wood! It took me five minutes. I also grab those wooden stakes off the ground. I grab a couple extra, as well. 23. My name's Reggie. Bucket of water. I'll take first watch. 20. See you in 17. [break] Damn, damn! (singing) Look at the Sun Tree! But he's indoors with us, right? Do you know which one he lives in? Shit. That is ripe. We're leaving. That's an improvement. That's nice. How collapsed is it? I'll go in with her. Yeah, the eyes, they never go in the same direction; one's always to the left and one to the right. 13. 13. And you went from focusing on Kerrion, to kicking in doors? You know someone there? What is there in the way of guards out in the open now, and those giants strolling about? Are we within eyeshot of that thing right now? Is there anyone our size, any humanoid guards around? Nothing? I'm guessing the best time to sneak into any of these places is during the day. Lady's Chambers, anyone? It's full of prostitutes, Grog. Full. What did you roll? Scanlan's forte. Come on. Sam Riegel, ladies and gentleman, he played Gavroche in Les Mis. Gavroche, right here, Gavroche. Act cool. Everybody act cool. Who are you to talk, Crazy Eyes? Well, I'm 27, but I don't know how old she is. Low key. It's been washed away with the rain. We're going straight there? As we walk up, I'd like to trail back by Grog in the rain. The killing's going to start soon. It's not going to stop. We're going to protect them. All of them. (laughter) All right. I got them all. How dark is it? I'm looking specifically for ways in the building other than the front door. 20. There's nothing between us and the building? If you roll a two, you can get hurt. Where are the guards in the front? Inside the gate at the house? We still have to go over and in. Grog, can you bend that shit open? Yeah, well, if Grog can frigging make a hole in there-- That's a hangnail on his pinky toe. Yeah, sure. Well, we're all just walking very quietly. 34. I'm going straight to the cellar door. I give it a little (clunk) to see what I feel. I get to work. Did what? I already did it earlier when you weren't here. 14, that's 27. I lean my head in really fast and just see if I can hear anything, and roll a one. No, I said it's good! It's good! Let's go! Right? You agree. We're never wrong! I pull out my Flametongue Dagger. My ears are bigger than yours. Let me have a listen. Get down. Definitely, look at them! I don't hear anything, either. I think we should just bust in. I keep forgetting the rogue skill, so really I rolled a 20. For perception, I can no longer roll lower than ten, unless I roll a one. But if it's a two or nine, it's actually a ten for me. Is that one person? The old guy; the balding guy? He's just reporting in. He's his frigging money collector. Not directly above. All right. There's nobody right above us, but there's people in the house. No, they're on another floor or in another room. No, we didn't send anyone, I just-- Scanlan, you or me? You want to go invisible, or do you want me to creep in? Zombie guards aren't going to-- giants are stupid. They're stupid. I mean, there are the guys out front. I'll go up and see what I see. Just above us, not far away. I'm good on that. Not dexterity. Constitution. I'm feeling a little weak. I'm pretty dex-y already. I'm going to check and see if it gives at all or if there's anything to it. It gives. All right, so I'm going to go up. No, stealthing up. All right. So, okay, hold on, I get advantage. 23. Oh, 33. I am listening intently and feeling through as many pockets as I can find around me. Can I make anything out through there? I'd like to-- everybody hold. I just want to wait for one minute and see what progresses. While they're talking I say we've got two gentlemen up here. I think it's time to start killing. Send up the goliath. Oh, it went closet to music room? Dart my eyes around. Is there anything that's useful in here? Which way are the voices coming from? Oh, between the two. So it is out, door, hallway? So, we're stealthing, right? So I pull both of their hands and I say-- Grog and Keyleth. I start pulling them through-- that's all right. Out the door. Along the hallway towards the voices. Too bad one's going that way and the other's going that way. I put my hand up in the air. And I click my boots together. (click) Feel that adrenaline rush. And I kick the door as hard as I can and go right in! MARISHA, TALIESIN, and It's Kiefer Sutherland. 13. Half-elves! What are you guys talking about? Kill him! Us, too. Is it up to us? Go. I am running straight towards what's-his-name, Kerrion? Is at the desk, so I just run right towards the desk, I step against the desk, leap up in the air and go (stabbing sound) into his shoulders. Yeah, no, I'm on the desk in front of him, going for his chest. First, and I get advantage on everything is a-- It's a 30! And this is surprise attack, so it's a critical hit plus the sneak attack damage. This guy is going down! One plus seven is eight-- what gets doubled? Just the dice? But not the sneak attack damage? Okay. So that was-- okay, two plus seven is nine. Nine, ten, 11, 12, 18, 23, 29, 33, 66 for the first attack, darling. 66! Here comes the second dagger into him at advantage. Is 28, so that obviously hits. And that is seven. And then the third dagger comes down. Is 29, and that also hits. So I've shanked his ass, that's an eight. (stabbing noises) I give him a Vex wink. Can I ask a technical question? According to Assassinate, any hit I score against a creature that is surprised is a critical hit. Any hit. So are the two subsequent attacks-- That's sneak attack. This says, "in addition, any hit you score against a creature "that is surprised is a critical hit." Okay. Okay. Got it. Well, I thought they were like 0.3 seconds apart, so I thought it was so fast. Double the last two attacks. Which were much less. Gunslinger warlock. Okay. I'll use Uncanny Dodge for the first one that hits. No. Yeah, Uncanny Dodge on that attack. So, four. That's nothing. All right. I throw a dagger in his face. That is a 28. That is eight points of damage. Yeah. Do a bank shot off the ceiling. I saw that spark in the air and I start knifing right into it. So, hearing him go (grunts) and seeing a spark right in front of me, I start knifing at that point. Disadvantage? But I get advantage, so it cancels out. Oh, no, I don't. I'm sorry. The first one misses. That was it. So, the first two were terrible. That's terrible. That's also terrible. I whiff. I just (whooshing). Still bleeding! Yeah, I'm going to stay there. I back up. Is Keyleth on the desk? And I'm on the desk? No, I'll stay where I am. The guy you charmed. Happy Halloween, folks. I walk towards the door. I take a rag out of my pocket and I roll it up and I shove it into Kerrion's mouth while Grog is tying him up. I thought he was out. Balding. All right. I got it. Could you tell him to look in the corner? Can we put him to sleep, or anything short of me knocking him out? Put him to sleep, then. I'll do it. I'm really good at knocking people out. Oh, pommel. The guy in the corner? Scanlan, could you go stand next to him and tell him a joke? You're standing next to him? You walked over and gave him pretty flowers? Thank you. That's what I needed. I got an 18. Sorry, I got a 29. And that is eight plus 14, 22, six, seven, 32. All right. You've got to do yes or no. Yes or no. I just want to remind you that my friend over here can split you in half like an apple, right? Have you seen the Briarwoods this week? Do you like working for them? Do they have pointier teeth than most? Is your life worth giving a little information? We want to know how to get into the palace without a problem. Got any advice? Now I just want to remind you. He can take your head off, your knees off, your cock off, anything, in half a second. I'm going to pull the cloth out. I give him a pat on the cheek. I'm a big fan of efficiency, so I'm going to pull this rag out and you've got about 30 seconds to start talking about something useful. Otherwise, my friend is going to make you about six inches shorter. So we're going to start talking now, yes? In three, two. Lord Briarwood is a vampire. What the fuck is Lady Briarwood? You've no idea what they want? I shove the rag back in his mouth for a moment. Percival, I know what you've been through, to an extent. We came here to wipe out a scourge on this city. Careful lest you become the scourge you've come to destroy. These people have eaten shit for five years. I'm not saying that man was innocent, but he's had a hard road. Everyone here has had a hard road. I am maybe willing to overlook what's just happened for all the hardship you have had, but careful how you are walking. Are we to turn into Jack the Ripper because of it? I agree with you, with burning the house down. Let's find anyone who's in here and get them out. Your soul doesn't need to be forfeit, Percival. We burn the house down, and we find a place to hole up for the night. Percy, we need to have that longer conversation soon. He weighs like 600 pounds. Did we get the Pass Without a Trace? So, plus ten, right? 34.