You can kill? You did that last night. We need to take care of business. Let's go talk to the man. I'm sure it's going to lead back to the mines. Yes, to the hole. Everything's back to the hole. They don't like her, she was a troublemaker and she went in. We're the group of adventurers for you. I don't know if you've heard of the heroes Emon, who just recently- I'm sure you've heard something. Word travels fast. We've just done a lot of good to the ruler of Emon. All we're saying is, help us help you. What exactly have you seen before this day? More of the same? Or other creatures? Sorry, what was his name again? MATT, SAM, See, I wasn't just fucking with you last week. (group laughs) That's a thing we do. Come on, Percy! Let me take care of it. I'll pour everyone a glass. Okay. That's what we do, right? Oh, no. Okay, and I can add a d8 to this? Oh good. Now I'm at 19. (Travis groans in relief) Hey. Is that Draconian? Tastes like two buck Chuck. (group laughs) I've tagged along. That's a dark dwarf. They're little fuckers, those are. And we noticed the, I believed it was the naga we fought, it seemed to have several extra heads stitched on. Have you no knowledge of these creatures? It seems very odd. Is there any connection in dwarven history or past? Or this is totally out of the blue? And what's security like on the mine? Is there any chance someone could've slipped in through Kraghammer without you knowing, or is that all locked up? Understood, understood. You say had. Literally or figuratively? I think so. All night, do you get off in six more hours? What's a mic? Tell you what, when we drag our asses out of that mine, we'll come straight to you and buy you a drink. Do the wink thing you do. Oh, you did it already. She's good at winking. When you say too drunk, do you mean "we" the adventurers or the humans back in Los Angeles? Have you had any luck finding an arcane-- No, I know that. Did you send any fireballs at doors again like you've done in the past, or--? Got it. I walk back to the door, because we're all just standing outside the door. I walk back to Hieris's door and knock on it and poke my head in. Hieris, I'm sorry. Just a quick question. We have no fucking idea what time it is. Because we usually use the sun. Do you know what hour it is? Are businesses open at the moment? Are the stores open at the moment? How much time do we have left? Oh, thank you, sir. Let's go shopping. Byeee! You're a goliath, you'll eat anything. I think I will go with him just to keep him from setting fire to the entire city. How does the grass grow down here? We ain't found shit. Is there a front door? I'm gonna use my rogue abilities to walk up to the front door, and knock on it. Can I see if I detect a bell? This is really not good for their business. [LIAM and LAURA groan] (group laughs) Which one of these do I roll for damage? Higigigigi! All right. Don't tase me, bro. It's not gonna be ruined. I have nine healing potions-- We agree wholeheartedly. He's dragonborn, he's weird. He's a little weird. We're sorry to interrupt. I don't know, it's dinnertime, I think. I don't know if you've heard yet, it just happened. We just fought some sort of many-headed beast down at the mines, and Lord Greyspine is sending us in. So before we go, we were sent here. We were told you were the dwarf to speak to if we needed-- I think it was just to get shit. (Travis and Sam laugh) Roll with it player, roll with it. Let the dice act better than us tonight, please. (group laughs) Vax steps forward, steps in front of Keyleth and says, Good sir dwarf. Clearly we are idiots. We are-- Stay with me on this. We are strangers in a strange land. However, we are working with Lord Greyspine to empty your mines and end the evil that is spewing forth from them. Now I know that we are a bit stupid-- (group laughs) --in a number of ways. But we fight well, and we have the best of intentions, and when it counts, we're there. We just need a little bit of help going into the mines. And again, Lord Greyspine himself sent us, so please excuse my-- --challenged friends. We're here to help. I promise. Wink, wink, wink. Best roll of the night. I rolled a 20 and a 17. So 19. How about a chocolate-covered mallomar? This game has consequences. So easy. Vex. How much gold do we have at the moment? More than double, that means it could be one thousand. 'Cause anything is more than double. Tearing me apart, Lisa. Hello. It's a beautiful shop you have. It's so startling to find an elven establishment here in the middle of Kraghammer. How did this come about? No, we are not. Roll, sister. And a troll dick. I detract my offer. All right, well friends, we're about to descend into hell itself, so I reckon we should probably pay the price. No, I'm good actually. I'm so fast I don't really use them that much. You'll get to that point as well. Have you any elven gear for a son of Syngorn? It's beautiful. I am a bit of a light-footed one. Would it suit me? All right. I'll pass. You're gigantic. Could fit on your left nut. I've got it right here. Sorry, I've got the map, so I'm looking at the mine. Are we still in the dwarven carved out, sort of structure portion of the mine. Guys, I'm holding a map. I see one room that they've scrawled "Supply" on, so it should be the next right up ahead. I'd like to just take a peek in there and see what we can see before we head deeper in. Anyhow, I've got a map, so let's use this. Stay on point here. I've seen enough. We should keep going. (group laughs) This map says that there's an elevator a short ways up. That goes down. But then there's a railway that goes further in into the caves, so I'm not sure. Elevator straight down? It's a safe assumption that Lady Kima did not just walk to the back of the upper floors, she probably went down. Get shit done, let's go. We have a map to the elevator. Scanlan, are you all right around these goblin corpses? So we could either go to the rear of the mine on this level and see where they're coming from. No, not yet. Yes, I see it. Word of warning, Tiberius. Is it black or is it dim? Duergar. It's the duergar. This is 2015. Let's stop dicking around and go into that mine. TRAVIS, And two hours ago, I started stealthing and taking the lead. When we're in the dark. Uh, 29. Looks fine. There a great little cave alcove here, perfect for peeing in. For everyone to pee. Do you catch my drift? Never entirely welcome in the company of elves or men, Vax'ildan learned at a young age to skip past formality, preferring instead to invite himself in your door. Along with twin sister Vex'ahlia, Vax was born by a chance encounter between elven royalty and human peasantry. Raised by their mother in their early years, the twins were eventually sent off to their father in the elven capital of Syngorn. But their cool reception among the elves there never warmed, and their time in the capital didn't last. The siblings stole away one autumn night and set out on the open road. After a few years of wandering, they eventually decided to return to their mother and journeyed back to the lands of their youth. But instead of finding their childhood home, they returned to a pile of rubble. Their mother was gone, their home burned to ash. Pressing the townspeople for answers, they learned of the day the dragon came. With their ties all severed, Vax'ildan and his sister set out to find their fortune together in Tal'Dorei. An outsider since birth, Vax quickly learned to solve life's challenges in his own particular way, often by sidestepping them entirely. And when his knack for circumventing adversity isn't enough-- (sword slicing) --the way of blades the elves schooled him in more than makes up the difference. Enjoy your Player's Handbook 5E. Oh, less than that. Oh, no I didn't, 18. That's true. Do we perceive anything in here with us before going that far in, yes? 18. Yes. I might hear spiders. Or something. I think we're dealing with spiders. The twins will creep forward. No, dim light only. Turn it back on. Clap on (claps), clap off. (claps) I quickly whisper to my sister, to the boundaries. Vex and Vax dance backwards against the walls. But I heard them. That's beautiful. Look at that fun map. Thank you, Matt, for doing all the work on these maps and shit. Limericks, limericks, they respond to limericks. 15, 15. 15. It's go time, go time! (claps) Go for the kill! Hit it in the face. So I can see what's up. I saw what it did to my sister, so I'm gonna jump on its back. I'm gonna swivel my daggers around and just stab it in the face. Yeah, I'm seeing the back of his fucking spine or head. I'm gonna stab him in the face twice. Okay. Okay. So then I'll do damage. The other one's an 18. I rolled in advance. So, 10, plus sneak attack damage, right? Yeah, okay. Okay. One. Four. Eight. Nine. 13, 26, 36 damage from the first dagger. Face, in his face, and the next was an 18. Not in his face? But I wanted I wanted to do this to his head. Okay, whatever works. The reach around, the reach around. That what I was going for. And then, where's my four, 1d4. One's a three, but no, just three. With my flametongue dagger which I don't know if he likes or dislikes, but that's what I've done. There once was a bard from Nantucket. (group laughs) --in a bucket. Better, better, better, no. We have a problem. We have an angry Grog. It's more natural, it's creature-based. Be a badass, be a badass. Gnome coverage. [Marisha And Taliesin] Gnome coverage. Ride the bear, Scanlan. Don't touch the snail until the-- 'Cause he'll poof out into the fucking big guy again. Leave it, leave it. Leave it alone. Hit the other one. Good stunt work, Tiberius. Bear hug, man, bear hug. She can only turn into things she's seen. It's a waterfall, oh. Yes, the answer to that is yes. Definitely yes. Sam will write a ballad. Okay, so first thing I do is lean down and pick up the snail off the ground and say, "Hey, um, go fuck yourself." And then I throw him into the waterfall. Yeah. Okay. Great great great. Dexterity you say? 18. Oh sorry, yeah, that's 21. 22, 22. Toodle-oo shitface. Now, that seems like a bonus action to me, right? (group laughs) So then that's an attack, okay. Then I'm good. Well, that's my action, right? And I only have one. All right, so then, I'll hop through, through Percy and my sister. And run up behind the shithead who's fucking with Keyleth. Yeah, that's easy. 16 (mumbles) 29. Right up behind shitface there. And do I have anything left? Or do I just get there and stop. Second attack. Well let's stab him in the ass then, right. I still feel pretty good about that round. I thought it would get washed all the way out. Down the toilet, all the way out. Elegant. Just past it, please. Kill it before it kills me. Okay. Don't let it eat my head, please. Save the day, Scanny. Repeat, just like last week. Yes. Shoot it in the mouth. (clapping) Yes Percy. Critical on a disadvantage! Whatever your last name is again. But you're so little. Okay. So, he's now got his back turned to me. I'm just gonna stick both knives into his guts and say, "No one touches the gnome!" Okay, this is the flametongue. Four plus two is six. (Sam sings along with dramatic music) I stick it in the back of his his spider nads. And rip it out his bum and out the back of him. And just spill it all out the bottom. (all talking at once) That's all right, that's all right. Nobody touches my man-wife. (group laughs) Like the walking dead, you're gonna sneak by the rest of 'em? Running?! (Sam laughs) I'm unscathed, so I run after Grog, just to give him backup if he needs. I'm just watching and shrugging. I try to keep like six or seven foot difference-- Fuck! You dick! You dick! (Marisha laughs) I am now. I rolled a 29 of stealth as soon as the first arrow flew. Duergar. Yeah, that's duergar. That's dark dwarves. I consider myself a nerd. It's hanging brain. I rolled a 29 stealth. So I can dash and still attack? I would love to. I would love to, uh-- where's this thing? Yeah, of course go for the brain. I'm gonna hang brain. I'm gonna run over-- Oh, I can't stealth? So to stay stealth, I need to go normal speed? And that's it. Um, I'm gonna-- no. I'll you what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna go-- hey, god. I'm gonna move over here, stealthily. And go for ready. That's what it's called, right? And wait? And the trigger is when this asshole duergar moves forward, I'm gonna stick him in the back of the neck. Grog, I've got the hiccups. The bolts. They're covered and he's around the bend, so I'd run in further. Hello, hey. Fuck those Wizards of the Coast, man! I do what I wanna do. So do I. You gotta kill that thing. Lisa Lobey. You still have a little bit of cover. Just be a badass, okay? That's your job. Are you alright, big guy? "Muh! Muh!" Okay, I hear a little shithead grey-skinned dwarf-- Damn it. Three-quarters cover according to the new rules. Vines? Okay, and there's a big cloud of poo stink around them, so-- God dammit. All right. Fuck it. I'm gonna hold my breath, and I'm gonna go one, two, three, four, five, and grab this guy around the neck and hold my daggers to his neck. And just hunker down and try to hold him hostage. Is that a, is that a-- Okay. 14. What did you give me? 22. 15. (group laughs) Can you dispel that shit? Tiberius, can you dispel that shit? The one by me is weak. What is with the dice tonight? Just five more hours, Matt. Just five more hours.