We missed you, too. If you can survive the Extra Life game... It's a wide spectrum. Their website is Wyrmwood Gaming, and the code that will get you free shipping on an order is CritRole. CritRole, all one word. I did enough voices for Fallout New Vegas. This is the entertainment you subscribed for. (laughter) Yes, I was prom queen at BlizzCon this year. Yeah, it's such a great tour. They have so many creative things that I've never seen in hospitals-- I got kids-- or would've thought they had a room for teenagers; it was cool and had teenage stuff in it. It was awesome. Give out 32,000 books a year. Not lend, give books to kids. We enjoy doing this. It's so good to have you here. You got your gear, Johnson? So we're 50 or 60 feet away from the skeletons, and how far are we away from the villagers that are coming in the other direction? No, I was pulling her by the arm. I immediately pivot around and follow. He's just got to roll for a hundred skeletons. Climbing the wall. I turn back towards the villagers, who are probably running up at this point and yell, "Fire! "Bring fire!" I'm grabbing Percy's arm and lowering him down lower because she's short. She was light already. How did you get here? What are you doing here? How did you get here? Can I pick her up by the armor and throw her? It's going to be like a knife through butter. Yeah. Natural 20 for love. There's no 1d6 for cube damage. (laughter) I'm going to hold my turn. Are they closing in on Pike? Oh, then I'm going to leap off the wall and run towards Pike. How many skeletons are in range right now? I'm going to take my blades and spin around, pommel out, and I'm going to start punching. I have no idea if this will do anything. There is a symbol of Sarenrae sewn into this glove right here. I'm just going to start-- I don't have the Boots of Haste on, so I can just take two swings at-- Yeah. Two skeletons. One skeleton. Whatever skeleton is closest to Pike. Yeah, all right. He's getting it in the dusty jaw. All right, I have no idea how to do this. I've never done anything without a dagger. That's not good. I don't know what to add to this. That's true, but I have to hit. (laughter) No, that's fine. so the first one misses entirely. And the second one is-- oh, this is probably fine for skeletons. 12, 13, 14. 11. Okay, that's the right hand with the symbol. It's a one, so it's a one. Two, so it's a three. This symbol does nothing for me. I'm here to soak up damage for you, Pike. Let them hit me in the face. That was a test. It's better now than against Sylas Briarwood. Like you're attacking ribbon candy. 20. We need to go kill those giants right now. We have a holy gnome right now. I don't know how you came to us Pike. We need to go to them, and then we need to go to the Briarwoods now. Now. Granted, we're going to the giants now. Giants now. Giants, now. Better than the Briarwoods plus giants; let's go get those giants right now. No, there's one over there, and there's one off in that direction. All right, weight it more heavily to the group that does not have Pike. Ah, it's adorable. Are they to the south and west? There's a person wounded, pulling themselves through the mud, saying, "Help me." Keep telling the story. Back to the fight. Ooh, he's got houses. Oh, look at that! Blood of the giant, you can do this. Friendly fire just turns Grog on. Can these actors do addition? You shoot it at an angle up at his head. Up into the sky. Roll two times, take the higher of the two. Disruption. I think so, yeah. 2d6 radiant damage. DC 15 wisdom save. It's now frightened of Pike until the end of her next turn. 2d6 radiant damage. Cleric vs undead. We needed her from the get-go. Bring the holy retribution. Kill, kill, kill. All right, 44. I'm going stealth. I'm gone, man. Well, I rolled a 23. Am I stealthed? Yeah, that sounds good. And Matt? As we ran, I wanted to split off from the group and go up along the side. 19. That's what they call me. I'm watching everything unfold. I see my sister roll up. I hold. I remember that giant. Ooh. Identical. 19. I start running. Am I within 30 feet? It's hard to tell from here. All right, so I hit one ankle against the other on my boots and everything slows down around me a little bit, and I double my speed and run towards it. I don't know. If there's doubt, then I can't do it. All right, I still run at it. That's what I do. He's surrounded by people, right? So, I'm going to run up to him and I'm going to start swinging up the arrows on his chest and get up to his head. Yeah. Never mind. Nine is a 20. That's a 26. Yeah, because he's surrounded. All right, so I'm up on his shoulders at this point. One plus seven is eight, plus ten, 11, 16, that's 21, 23. Yeah, with Flametongue. Right. That's it. I'm not. I'm right below his undead dinger. I say we move forward. It's done. She cast it. Let's go on. Yes sir. (weak laughter) Okay. What am I doing? Fuck a duck, that's hot! What position is it in? (pants) I reach down and I grab the scalding-hot daggers again, and I lift them up, and lunge and sink into its ribs. Oh, you roll? Seven or eight, yeah. The first one hits. That's a 30. And the second one is 17. And he's still surrounded, so the first one is going to sneak attack his ass. Two plus three, nine, ten, 11, 12, 15, 16, 17. 17. On the second attack, Flametongue gets seven. Oh, plus 2d8 for the fire damage. That's a yeah. If I get burned, he gets burned, right? All right. 14. I didn't move. Can I use a bonus action, at this point? Second attack? Okay. You've got a lot of papers in there. Get it. You're wearing the shirt, even. I start sticking my hands in a puddle. Like my hands? Could you fix these? Yeah, it worked, it's good, but they sting a little bit. I heal. I also hold her hands for a second. Are they unsullied? I pull out my Flametongue dagger and just look in two or three graves. I don't know if there's anything in there. They're empty, man. That is a 15. I'm just looking. (laugh) Are you giving me morality lessons? I want to drop down. I'm going to take a look at that, yeah. I'm going to look at it. Tell me more about that dagger? I want to make an arcana check. I just want to make an arcana check. It's a 20. No. 20. I put it down and I pat it and I-- Tourist, I'm a tourist. Their teeth are good for 1d8s, though. Taking your pee break now. 23. Wow. She rolled two threes in a row. On that walk, while they're leading the way, I quietly walk alongside Pike and fill her in on everything I have seen happen with Percival the smoke coming out of him, the darker turn in his personality, the way that he branded that man. Everything that I am worried about. The cough. Everything, so that she's filled in on his darker turn. All of us, yeah. 26 on perception. Big guy, come here. This is new. These haven't been here long. I'm not very strong; do you want to start hucking rocks? I am extremely fast and nimble and could totally fuck you up, but I can't lift that much, including door jambs. Could you help me move these rocks? You look very handsome in that beard. Scanlan, squish in there. She'll light up the hole. I lean down and say, does it look like somewhere that we can rest for the night? I flip my Flametongue dagger over backwards and hand it to him through this little hole. This was taken care of, in their minds. I say we squeeze Grog and Trinket in here. Yeah. I'll go ahead a bit and take a quick peeky-poo. No. I use the other hand and I tweak his nose as hard as I can. We came to a land of evil without-- Or at least through next week. I think to myself, oh, that is badass. (laughter) You're getting the radiant digit. I watched all of that, and when I saw him lean back into the earthen wall, I quietly back up and I'm going to go down the tunnel, like 50 feet, and see-- 23. From the glowing gnome? 20. 60 or 70 feet? I'm going to go another 60 or 70 feet. I would like to just sit down on the ground and close my eyes and listen for a full minute and see if I hear anything. 21. Pretty good. I quietly walk all the way back, and walk behind the group, and I go, goosh! Look at that. I was like ten feet around the corner. I've got this. I pick up two small, roundish, oval-shaped stones from the ground, and I slide them into Grog's nostrils, plugging them up. 14. I'm removing one hit point from my-- No. No, I'm not. No. My rolls are too high; you really don't notice. (laughter) But I'm not going anywhere. I'm going to go sit down by Percy, and what I'd like to do is watch everybody nod off, and in 20 minutes, nudge him awake. Hi. I want you to get some sleep, but I want to talk for a minute. That's all right. We can separate them. This thing. What do you really know about it? How do we know that this thing isn't whispering in Sylas's ear? What do you really know about this thing? I want to tell you something. We're almost like family now, and I've seen you do many great things, and you have earned my trust, but if you hurt my sister... If you hurt anyone else in this group inadvertently-- All right, then. It's pretty cool, isn't it? Well, hold onto that. Can I borrow just a pinch of your black powder? Just a finger dab? I lick my pinky and I put it in, and I slowly draw a big ballsack on Grog's forehead. Sure. That's a 23. I did do little hairs on them, as well. Well, it grows here, so it grows there. I don't know. Or do I? He goes to sleep. I'm going to do my duty with Keyleth for a watch. I thought we were both staying up. All right. I'll watch everybody. I'll stay up for two hours. Natural 20. 20. While the fancy people are talking, I walk over to Grog and say, big man. You've got mud or something on your face. Come here. And I take my hand and I wipe across his forehead and smear out what I did. Sorry. (laughter) Sorry. We throw the signal to the sky and go up this tunnel. Scanlan, we're going to make a leap of faith that Pike can stay. Oh, prepare to be GIF'd, Mercer. Way to humble-brag, Pike. Only astrally. Best line of the night! Ice cream. Still not cracking a hundred. Immune to fear, and what was it? I'm taking point. I want to check out that wall that I sat right in front of. Yep. Come on, everyone. I'm going to perception it. 20 on perception. I silently signal to everyone, and I slowly stealth around the statue to check out the room. I reach out past my sister and pat him on the shoulder. Peacock a little more for us, please. (whispering) Can you please fix Grog's back? Wait, before we use-- listen. This could potentially be humiliating for all of us. Before we expend any of our arcane abilities, please let us all at least try and fail before you take out the Hand. Let's do the one and a half elf push, shall we? You, you, and me. All the average-shaped people. One, eight. Come on, Pike. Somebody draw it. Please draw it. Wait! I fistbump Pike, pop my hood up, and then quietly go into the room. Yeah! I'm the best person to do this. 29 for stealth. Disadvantage? That's fine. That balances out, and my first roll was a 29 total. Can you help me understand the makeup of it again? You said two passages-- one to the left, one to the right-- and a chamber directly ahead, between them? I know we've got two paths, but he said there's a room, as well. Yeah? So both paths, and there's a room closer to me, right? All right. Into my little earring, I say, (whispers) I'm not doing anything fucking crazy, I'm just going to go ahead. This is the only thing I can do. And I move quietly into the close chamber. I stop moving entirely and I just wait. And can I hear anything besides that? There's nothing else I hear besides that in this room? There's no dim light or anything? Okay. I should be able to see, then, if there's dim light. Up to 60 feet. Okay. I slowly back up away from that and creep up the hall and stop at the corner before it turns and I just lean my head out and I listen. 27. Got it. So I tiptoe all the way back to everybody and say, listen. Stop doing that. Stop. There's two passageways up the way. I think we're in some sort of dungeon-- I had surmised as much. There's possibly an old person in one, and then sounds of something, so both of the chambers are occupied. I came back to confer with you instead of going off on my own because that gets me in trouble. One time only. What do you want to do? Do you want to talk to the possibly old person with the crazy eyes thing? Percy, you probably want to take out one of those contraptions of yours. I'm rolling along with Percival. It's 30 this time. Oh, 40 this time. Only with her. Can I give her seven of mine? Drawing a blade just in case. Looking away. In the darkness, I hand, stupidly, my Flametongue dagger to Scanlan again and push him forward with it. Just him. Mr. High Charisma. Wait. If we destroy the Briarwoods, it will be no trouble to come down here and let anyone out who's down here. If she's who she says she is, we don't know. They're not much, but I have rations and a waterskin. I toss them through the bars of her cell. And there are creatures on the road and in the woods and quite frankly you're safer right now. If we do what we have come here to do, we will come back for you. We can come back for her. Her fate is intertwined with our own. If she leaves, she has a very good chance of being killed. If we go forward and succeed, we come back and she lives. If we go forward and she dies, she's where she is. This is the best place for her. I've just given you food and water. We'll be back within 24 hours. Come on. We're going. He was the first one out of the light. Roll intimidation. Eat that lembas bread. No no no, there's something, I don't know what, I couldn't make out what I was hearing, it sounded like hay or grass moving, so I don't want to mess with that. No, that was her passage. There's another passage to presumably another set of cells. So I will skip along quietly 20 feet ahead of you all. Try to see. 21. This is the second room? Yeah. This is where I heard something before. And my perception. Vex, come up here and look around. I don't see anything, but I feel like something's here. Pike, do you, is there anything here, do you sense anything in this room? All right, so there was dungeon and dungeon, set of cells and set of cells, but you said-- I gave her food and water. She scrabbled at it. At this point, I grab my sister and I say, Come on, we're going to check the cells. And we look at every single one of them. In Vasselheim there is. Grog, do you get any ideas watching her do that? We're making asses of ourselves. Yes, the answer to that is no. We'll be back, I'm going to go creep up the stairs. I'm moving towards those stairs. Shush, you don't know anything, shut up. They mostly come out at night. Mostly. Can that astral connection hold?