Whoa, look at this scary car! Soft as hell. Hold on a second. I walk over. Do you have the blade? I've come a long way for that. Wait here a moment, please. I bend down, I take the knife, and I walk it over to Keyleth and put it in her hands. And I walk back to him. How? How? There are people behind me who want you dead, and I cannot blame them. How? Do you know what shape Emon is in right now? And this is what you choose to do with your time? What has that man done to you? What has she done to you? What have any of them, except for me, done to you? And what have I done except be an asshole? Summoned the dragons? I'd like to make an insight check. (sighs) No. Kynan, what am I to do with you? I ought to cut the heart from your ribs. I ought to cut out my own! Is there anyone else here, now? Is that it? How long have you been here? A few hours was all it took for that? Are there more of you? Listen to me. I don't know what's going to happen in the next 24 hours for you, but the best thing you can do right now is help us. When anyone asks you to do something, you do it. Look at me. Kynan, look at me. You help right now. Put all that out of your mind. Right now, you help. Can you do that? Just do whatever we ask. We're going to table this. Just be Johnny-on-the-spot right now, all right? Yes. Yeah, I could, yes. Yeah. 60 feet demons, celestials, devils. We have to go to him. Put that down. Please. Put it on the ground. It's in the gun. This tree is stunted that's coming out of Ripley's body? Can you do the mansion, Scanlan? Are you tapped out? We could stay here. I'm also going to give him a butt scratch and do Lay on Hands and give him another five hit points. I'm going to walk over and pick up the false arm that I hacked off. Will you put this in the bag? This big, old arm here. What is this cave? How far off? Is it different from Plane Shift? Hotis, Orthax. We could go. Yes. And I'm going to look for traps the entire way there. 18. I'll check for traps again. I'll pull out the flame tongue dagger to get a little more light. One. You all right? (voice breaking) I'm so sorry. I walk in. Stealth, please? 25. So, on the right, it's natural, and on the left it's more altered. Other way. So one is natural, one is touched. Let's be sure. I'll take point. I start walking down the altered path. I got an 18. No, I got a 20. Do we waste our time with the other passage, or do we go back? We'll just hold onto it for now. This is the one. Can you do the thing, Scan-man? Hey, just an idea. Everybody remembers when they were kids putting blankets out in the living room and sleeping. I don't really want to go back to my room. Want to camp out in the den together? Where do we put Percival? Come here. Two things. One, there's blue people all over the place in here. Don't pay them any mind. Stay in the room, but give us a little bit of space. Hey. We'll work it out. Have faith. I go back to the group. Well, that's debatable. Yes. This is Percival Fredrickstein Von Musel Klossowski de Rolo III. He needs a large-ass diamond. Pull out the biggest one you've got. Religion. It's Orthax. What if we use that scroll to go to him now? Or kill him on his home turf and kill him for real. Can I make a religion check? There also still acid. And repeat history, Scanlan. I have a notion, but you are very close to him. I kneel at his head and shoot out the wings and lend them to Percival like the crow he is. Like a cloak. Oh. Well, I cast Lay on Hands and take him out of that, right away. Ten hit points. No Hamlet death for you! Listen, all we know is half the audience is going to be furious. (laughter) You want to feel better? Ripley is dead. Yeah, your sister's going to be running up in here very soon. That wasn't the worst of it. Laughter. Laughter's back. Bedtime, Percy. All this arcane terminology is fascinating. Excuse you. Percy, you'd look pretty swag in that. Yeah, this is going to David Bowie you up. You should wear that. How are you doing, Shaun? How are you holding up? They seem very proud of you. Well, it's either Pike or me. (laughter) You're going to fight with a little-- you want it? This knife is so sexy, though, and you are so invulnerable to everything. What if-- No. What, give him this? I'm considering giving you my cloak instead. No! My cloak. Displacer cloak. He doesn't need anything. He's got a thousand hit points. Yeah, all of these. What time is it, Shaun? Nine. Percival, you should go to bed. Yeah, pictures. You like pictures, Scanlan. Oh, it's a pop-up book. (laughter) Oh, Jarett. This is Kynan. Kynan has been telling me that he wanted to help protect Whitestone. He hasn't anywhere to live. He needs something to do with his time, and he has a fire in his belly and wants to serve. Are you all right? Those are called words, Grog. It's true, but Percy needs to go the fuck to sleep, seriously. Jack him up first? You're outvoted, Percy. Go to bed. Nobody wants to talk to you right now. We want you to go to sleep. We're going to go have a drink and have a fabulous time. We'll see you in the morning. Jarett, Shaun, can you get away? Kynan, come on. Well, I'm not taking him with us to Draconia or anywhere, no. I might like to have Pike take a look at him in the morning, but I think so. And I clocked him. It's so worth it. I get three drinks at the bar and I walk past Keyleth and leave one on the table by her and go and sit down by Kynan. I want to show you something. I bought these months ago. And I root around in my pack and I pull out the three finely made daggers that I bought. She's right. They were expensive. I'm actually not going to give them to you tonight because you're worrying me a little bit, but in a day or two, these are yours. I bought these for you months ago. I looked for you. I visited the butcher shop, and I missed you. I'm very sorry about that. I wish that this had not... I wish this had not played out the way it had. You can atone. It is not too late. I see the look in your eye. It is not too late. You fucked up, clearly. Big time. And you can either curl in on yourself and rot in a ball, or you can make up for it. You know what's going on in Tal'Dorei. You know what's going on. I spent too much time looking inward. It's pointless. Be of use. I'm going to use Luck. That is a 17. I was kind of a dick. That's all any of us can do. You're battered. You're not broken. Do better. Drink up. (singing) Turn down for Pike! (singing) Wait for the brain. Vax paid attention to that entire conversation. What is it? Taliesin, would you like this to be in your voice? "My friends, I have just taken an audience with the Raven Queen, who has snuffed any hope of "my redemption, for which I am truly grateful. With new clarity, I can finally see my life as a series of "compounding poor choices. There was nothing I could have done to save my family, yet I still "sold my soul in search of vengeance. Later, I allowed Ripley to leave, knowing full well she was "a greater threat to the world than the Briarwoods would ever be. I traded the world's safety for the "belief that I could murder my way to peace, that if I could be a greater horror, it would bring my "family back. Once this lie was shattered, I scrambled to find a solution, to make a deal, to "undo my mistakes and balance the scales. I now understand that there are no scales. There is no "redemption, and no ledger that judges me good or evil. I am free to simply be myself and live with "the terrible mistakes I've made. "Tomorrow, I start upon a new path beyond the gods and demons who have tormented me, and it's your "friendship that makes this possible. Though a shadow lingers, the need for vengeance is gone. "I will try and do my best for you all. I will strive to buy the future more time free of my legacy. "I will stand against the children of my madness in hope, rather than in anger. And if you are "reading this, then my travels on this path have come to an end. "Scanlan, thank you for destroying my gun. Do not let the weight of life's consequences crush your "bravado. It is your greatest weapon. "Grog, remember that your compassion has brought you this far, not just strength. For the record, "I would have wiped the floor with you that time. "Vax, you often remind me of myself, and yes, I know that that is a bit of an insult. Stop "indulging your desire to sacrifice and try being the man that these two women seem to think you "are. They may actually need you one day. "Vex, you often remind me of myself, and that is the highest of compliments." Oh, true to form, Percival, true to form. "I hope you free yourself of whatever voices haunt you. Also, since I'm "gone, you're the clever one now." Still the clever one. "Keyleth, don't let the world break you. Learn to forgive it for not living up to your standards. "We promise to try harder." "Pike, it is wonderful to have you home. You bring everyone closer to their best selves, and I "can only imagine what a burden that must be." Oh, she's out. "Allow yourself some vice and failure. "Done and done. They'll still love you just the same. All true. "As to what must be done, I'd be content to be left in a ditch, my weapons and notes burnt and broken." Fucker. "But I imagine that would upset Cass. If you can, take me home. If you can't, I understand. "She knows where to find the rest of my instructions. Times being what they are, burn my "work or bring it home in the hopes of aiding in the defense of Whitestone. "I leave this judgment in your capable hands. Please find Ripley before she does too many "terrible things and erase my legacy wherever you find it. That silence would be the greatest eulogy "I could ever hope for." Oh dear. "With eternal gratitude, Percival of Vox Machina." Yeah, that's a very highbrow kind of humor. It's hilarious. I promise it's hilarious. Yeah. It means stuffy. Boring. Boring humor. That's a good point. I balance a tray on top of Pike's prone form and put some cups on top of it. I put a tray on top of the cups on top of the first tray. That's Percival up and down. There's nothing really that surprising in the letter, really. More cups on top of the second tray. That's right. Third tray. No problem. 24. I stand and admire my own work. Hey! Did you know that I'm-- What? You are drunk! You are very drunk! Yeah. Grog, you want to pick up Pickle and let's go get some sleep? Turn down for what. Cucumber sandwiches... Let's throw it back and go. Out with it. Ooh! You fucking Machiavelli! Wow. Look at that little boy smile. He's so pleased. Wow!