I'm not feeling the hag. I've had enough hag. What's the terrain like around this hut? Does it look possible to skirt around it from where we are? Okay. We've kind of already had this conversation before we went and poked a badger with those floating instruments, we really don't need to do every single thing. And I have a bad history with hags, and I would like-- --to skip this fucking place. Are these new opal dice? Did we use the Dust of Tracelessness? No? Well, I will settle for a 27. No, I, didn't we use-- LAURA and I just, oh, all right. LAURA and Oh, 37. Yeah, perception. That is never not unsettling. They're stupid, aren't they? Can we all see this? Why don't we back it up slow for once? I'll climb after her. 18. I'm gonna chime in over the earring and say, Somebody could turn Grog into a marmoset or something, that would work for the circumstances. Strongjaw's kitten? Honestly, I can't even tell the difference. I don't know, how long ago did you bust out my wings for me, DM? Under 24 hours? How thick are the trees here? I had such a hard time when I flew up the other day, such a hard time... And everyone's just floating up, easy as pie. Yeah. I'm skinnier than your broom. Let's do it. No, but I will anyway. Observe, yes. Yes. Let's do recon, let's observe it for the next six to ten hours and then rest up in the shag. Like evil maple syrup. I got a natural 20. Using Luck. Yeah. I'm gonna rest my chin on my sister's shoulder and just stare for a minute and say, you know, that bow is going to be reeeally cool. Yeah. Worth it. No, no. That's a bad idea. Yeah. We want to be at full strength. Don't run in willy-nilly. Yeah, you're in control. Seventeen. What a lackluster okay. I think a little bit actually got out, buddy. What are you doing with this log, Percival? What is this for? Can I help? Give it to Mikey, he'll try anything. I'm gonna hobble past Vex and say, you know, I think that broom is not as well-suited for, um, men. I think you might have done Gern a favor. I've just taken a very long spin class. I sort of tenderly walk past. Oh dear. Kill him! I come back in with a big bag of ice. No, I mean, I'm gonna take my bag of ice and I'm gonna sit on the doorjamb and watch them go. And just see if they need help, but I'll stay here if I can. Yeah, I go and I tie one end of it to the heaviest piece of furniture I can find in the foyer. Yes, I use the swirly-whirly knot. I start backing away slow. (All laugh.) Scanlan, does your house unbreak itself if Grog breaks it, you know, if it goes away, it poofs and it comes back, is all his damage there or does it-- Grog, he doesn't want you to know this, he told me this the last time you were here, you actually have to do that 33 times before it takes hold, so just keep going. Street Fighter it? So Percival, would you imagine that the science of the Feywild, I don't know what that phrase means, would it be the same as our own world? Maybe it follows different rules. Pull out the magic jug, yeah. Worked out. Does the tree have a weakness? What is the legend, at the heart of this tree? Probably inside. Would a really successful history check help Vex remember what the fuck she was told? Oberon. Maybe if we put Shorthalt forward... Well, that seems likely, but we'd have to turn over every stone in la-la land to find it. Scanlan and Keyleth combo? Scanlan and Keyleth duo to talk to the tree? Yes, how can we help you, how can we fix what's going on? Tofurkey. No, I'm going to knock on my sister's door before she falls asleep. Hey, well, you know, we don't get a lot of time to talk alone because everything is so fucked up, but you seemed really on-edge. More than normal, when we lived there before. You know what I'm talking about. Are you all right? I've... he's not a concern for me anymore. I don't think fondly back on it, we have bigger things on our plates, but I do care how he affects you, and there is no question how much it affected you when Percival made his offer in that room, and I was a little surprised. And I'm not trying to start an argument or anything like that, I know why he did it, of course. And every fairy within a thousand miles of that room could see how deeply it affected you, and it surprised me, because... Look, if that makes you happy, it is to be embraced, and I'm certainly in support of anything that gives our father heartburn, but... I'm sorry, his offer, in your brother's eyes, is a bit like gilding a lily or framing a sunset. You have always been the coolest person I have known, ever, in my life. And you still are. You're already perfect, at least in your brother's eyes. And I guess I just hope you believe in you as much as I do, because it's quite a bit. Well, you're a countessa know, I understand, that's what you are. All right. Whatever floats your boat, Stubby, but, you know. Just don't wuss out on me now. All right? You've always been stronger than me, I need you to keep doing that. Bullshit. That's it. I love you too. All right. What do they look like? I set the Deathwalker's Ward for necrotic damage. Do we have any fancy, um, fancy-- Crystal bowls for Keyleth to crush up and feed us from? Heroes' Feast, yeah. Never mind. I don't claim to understand anything. I actually think I want to tail Grog. Thank you. All right, I'm scritching his ears while we walk. Not a penis at all. It's gonna be a squeaker. Could you pour some Crisco out of that magic jug of yours and lube up? This is Sparta. Come on. I am. Here comes the general. Bad DM. Follow suit. Vex'ahlia. And shitting black diarrhea out of the tree. He's creeping on my sister, fuck him. 23. Secrets. Yeah. I can see fuck-all through this magical window-- So I see where I am in that circle, what are the big clumps of poop in the middle? All right, boots click, uh, I am hanging back behind-- is Trinket out still? All right. Then I'm just leaning out from behind Grog and I am going to dagger-dagger-dagger him. And I'm first to attack so I have advantage. Okay, so the first hit is a 26. Yeah, second is a 26. And the third is a 21. Okay, so the first one is sneak attack. This one is the flame-tongue, here it goes. Six and seven, here comes the sneak attack damage. Say again? (mumbling) 30 for the first. Seven for the second, and eight for the third. Where am I in relation to the party, to my sister? I'm gonna just roll forward and crouch in front of her low, to give her a shot but be in front of her. That loaded die was the best investment we ever made. Oh, that's our specialty. I'm gonna burn a Luck. 16. Sneak-attack damage. Not my computer. Oh yeah. Uncanny dodge. Oh, at disadvantage, excuse me, because of the cloak of displacement. Sang for his supper. (Malone voice) They send one of yours to the Feywild, you send one of theirs to the morgue. (All laugh.) Is he pressed against the roof of this chamber? Towards it. 29. So the treants are prone, right? Everybody's prone, and that gives me advantage on the attack as well, doesn't it? All right, so I'm just gonna whip down and stab into the treant that's at my feet now. Okay, first attack is a 29. Well, actually, yeah, 29. Second attack is a 29. Third attack is a 17. Okay, so the first one... Which is with the dagger of venom, I don't know if it'll do anything, but I'm gonna use the poison in it. Two... eight... 28, and the poison DC on that is 15. 11 points of poison damage on top of that. Second attack does seven. This is the flametongue dagger, I don't know if that's going to do anything-- And the third attack does-- I don't remember, now. Uh, I can figure it out... It was roughly, it was 20-something. 25. Third strike got eight. Thanks. I just quickly look into Keyleth's flaming eyes and say, "Finish it off," and then I'm going to run double speed along the curve of the wall underneath flying fuck. Yeah. Past Keyleth and the one that I just stabbed the shit out of. Yeah. I've got double speed. Disadvantage. Turns on-- C'mon, dangerous nerd, do it! Dexterity save? Strength. Burn a Luck. Ah, 20. Us against the environment. Smacked him into the wall. Go hide like a potato in the earth. Oh jeez. How high off the ground is that apex that he's hanging out of? 40 feet, all right. King of improv. Right here. Put it on a kitten poster. But she's always angry. That's a fucking miracle is what that is. Girl! All right, I think from where I'm standing I'm close enough to see that Keyleth is absolutely mauling the tree, she's right on top of it, right? With double speed I can get there, yeah? All right, so I'm gonna flit across the floor, come up right behind Keyleth, shoot right around the side of her and stab up and in, one-two-three. First attack is a 28. Second attack is a 29. And the third attack is a 26. Sneak attack on the first. Two plus six is eight... 30. For the first attack, second attack does seven, and the third attack does ten. Ten and seven. Am I burning at all, as I just came up next to flamey here? Because that came up in the past, being around her. Woo! Yeah. What was that? I have a question, and I could be wrong-- I thought Percy gave me that mask. Oh right, I forgot. That is true. Nah, it looks good on you. Best wisdom roll of my life. 21, which was huge for me. Are you halfway done yet, Groggy? Vex just healed herself, right? All right. All right. And is he within 60 feet of me? He's within 60 feet of me? All right. And is there anyone around me? I just can't see too well from here. Next to him, no, I know. Fuck it. I'm gonna burn a bonus action and shoot out the wings and I'm gonna fly into his face and stab into each side of his neck. 28 on the first. 29 on the second. As I stab into both sides of his neck, I say, If you want to get to my sister you gotta get through me. Stab-stab. First one is ten, second one is eight. Yep. (slightly delayed) Dead-ent. And that cheeky line about romance. Can he use his bonus action to just shove his sunglasses up at the end? Sorry, Feywild interference, what was that? You know, it's interesting, I understand exactly zero percent of what the DM was saying while he was in-character as that particular character due to the nature of Skype and microphones. So I was faking understanding the whole time, and then picked it up in retrospect listening to Laura's responses. I missed it. I don't know. I don't know anything. We should find that dagger. No question. We're going to Vasselheim soon, you can cut down a lot of trees there. It's cold there, they could use the firewood. Soon. What are we talking about? Vex'ahlia. I'm fucking curious. Pull that bowstring. Scanlan, I think you would make a very good arrow for it. (All laugh.) Do you still need muscle strength to pull it, or is it just easy-peasy now? You're going to have to start doing pushups, then. The theater, the theater! What about the theater? I fly up there-- Garmelie? He's a deity. Yep, yep, yep. What are we doing, we're warping out? Yeah, but I'm tangling my fingers up, if she'll let me, with Keyleth. And say, just quietly to the side, You know, you've been pretty fucking amazing lately. As usual. More animals. More animals for Vex.