Watching his kids! I don't know where he is. It's a hard truth that only one of us is irreplaceable. And Marvel. Taliesin pulls out a curly blonde wig and-- Next up! Also, Taliesin and I are going to fistfight until one of us is dead or unconscious. Got a lot of pent-up aggression, Tal. Rothfuss jacked that cloak. Rehearsal paid off. (laughter) Like right now? That would be the best end to that ceremony. Peace. You read lips, what're they talking about? I don't believe you. Why would they be talking about me? You are full of shit. Yeah. Yeah, I'm-- I'm so glad I confide in you. I have you to lean on. You are the rock in my life. What would I do without you? While she's talking I start to walk away, quietly as possible. Well, figuratively or literally go to hell, I imagine. Yeah, I mean, what're we going to-- Squad leader. (laughter) No, but we don't know exactly where we're going to land, right? Man. This is going to go great. I mean, when we went to the City of Brass, we did not shift into the City of Brass. We dumped quite a ways away. Yeah. So we have no control over that, so-- Yeah. So, whatever plan we come up with, one branch of the future is complete bullshit improvisation for if we fall into the shit. So there's no planning for that. So if we don't fall into the shit and we land somewhere relatively safe, what're we going to do? How're we going to play this? This is hell. Shocking. There's no point for sextuplets. We can't do that. That's not going to work. What's a president? He's really heavy. We talked all night and we squared it away and we're going to hell! So we're talking negotiation or bullshitting our way. One or the other-- Caste systems? Yes, I agree. No. Percy, help me understand, since you've read so much about this. Good on you. So if the Raven Queen escorts souls-- If you're an absolute, terrible shit of a person and the Raven Queen escorts you over to the other side, we're going to be wandering amongst the souls of the damned? People who die go to where we're going? Thank you. I know they get escorted to the other side. It just seems like an odd idea to be walking in a city full of the thrown-away. I'm talking to the air right now. It was the best thing you never heard. (laughter) I miss Scanlan Shorthalt so badly. No, he's just my buddy. Phone a friend? What do we do? I mean, Hotis-- How long has it been, DM? Since Pike wasted his sorry ass. A couple months. I mean, I don't think one more day is going to kill us, if we want to go get her. You know. (laughter) I mean, if the fates allow. Oh, I was just trying to guilt Matt into playing Pike, but-- It's not the Thordak battle, there's not 87 miniatures on the board! All right, well, we're all going to die. Not prepared, but we never are. Also, didn't someone tell us that if they get trashed they are treated like shit there? We've trashed his ass twice. (sighs) I mean, we thought it was getting us around but it clearly wasn't. If you just think for a second. We are so close to being able to semi-retire and take it easy. We cannot cock this up. We're going to hell, we've no plan! What if we went and were completely honest, and were ourselves? And explained that we were here to remove the shittiest devil in the city? I am being serious. We tried that. We've tried that. I mean, maybe it'll work. We just run willy-nilly. That's what we do. Yeah, I mean, you could-- I mean, I just feel like our-- certainly without Scanman-- our chances of fooling anybody are lower than they've ever been. So maybe having you as a tiefling escort gives a little credibility to the dummies there. There's lots of people who're not dummies, though, and I feel like we should just quietly negotiate our way through, because I don't think we can bullshit, not without Scanlan. Six regular, three medium, one superstar. If you need gold, I've got loads. I do. I'll take any-- I forget the sizes, is it venti, or grande? Ooh, thank you. Tary, how tough is that armor? Yeah, but is it ceremonial or is it like shit-kicker? That's a good idea. That's like strapping a turkey baster to a tank, that's what that is. Fred, Freddie. Do we know what languages are likely to be spoken there? Does that say in your books? It's his name, isn't it? Do you speak Infernal? Well, it is-- -- your name, is it not? You have 37 of them, am I allowed to use any of ones between the first and the last? You know, we're years into being friends. What do you prefer? D-Roll-- Oh jeez, I was just about to agree on it but-- I don't know, D-Roll's pretty good. Man, D-Roll's great! I'm suddenly extremely jealous of Grog for coming up with that name. Oh man, yeah, that's going to haunt you, my friend. Y'all wanna stop and get a wing? What about Zahra? And we're taking Doty with us? Is that the plan? I'm sure there's lots of robits in hell. Is he a protocol droid? Somewhere an aerator's going (raspberry). That's the other guys. You get a whole other language? Are the spells in the brain, though? Or in the body? You've been gone a while. Maybe ask dear old Dad. Let's find that six-year-old. Well, we can't sit here and wait for him to come back, we've just gotta fucking do it, right? But if we do this, we're done. We can take it easy. To do what? What is left? The dragons are dead. All that's left is Hotis. What is left? Yeah. Well, I'm not going to run right back to the temple. Are you? Thank you. What do you want to do after this, Grog? Say we get back from hell. What's the next step for you? I mean, we're going to party, that's a given, but, like, are you done with the Herd? Yeah. You remember that time a sword killed you? (laughter) You do, yeah. Doesn't always work out. Sometimes it gets cocked up, yeah? Not yet. Has it been built? 'Twill be. This is the sweetest before-we-all-die. Yeah, bust that out. Whoa, whoa, back it up. Bust it out, D-Roll. Well, tell us the juicy bits of it. He's making this up as he goes. I am starting to regret that I asked. What's the punchline? You're so fucking transparent sometimes. Everything under the sun. Welcome to your yurt. So drunk. Why does it smell like mayo? It is mayo! Take that! That is vile! (laughter) I've tagged along, by the way. It's like Klingon. Excuse me, I'm sorry. I'm Lady Keyleth's... friend, and-- Aren't I, though? All right. We-- You grew up here, so I don't know if this means anything to you, but we are searching for a rakshasa. Do you know what that is? No. No, it's all right. Sorry. Yeah, we're-- we're kind of grasping at straws so I hope we didn't offend. (whispers) No. Ermahgerd. He's god. Ermahgerd. What's that, Mr. Disco? Who do you hate? (laughter) You're welcome. (laughter) Speaking of which, do you know-- what's the word for peace? Is there a word for peace? Do you know? All right. Shit. This was not very fruitful. Is it more or less forceful? Okay. It's an inflection thing? I feel like we've hassled this woman enough. Well that's a bit of a complicated phrase for someone who barely knows how to say 'hi' and 'bye.' Woman who's not here. Yeah, we can be annoying sometimes. We understand. "Kuthrek." I don't know if I said that right. I just said tangerine in-- Mordor. Inside baseball. Is Cusack. I'm not. She wasn't very good on phrasing. It was just words. If a horrible devil is bearing down on you to kill you, you just say 'Ermahgerd, ermahgerd, ermahgerd, ermahgerd, ermahgerd, ermahgerd.' (laughter) Get it out of your system now, because when we get over there you should probably keep your voice down. And if that means not talking, that's what it's got to be, all right? Seven. Yeah. Everybody's a kraken there. More or less. Is that on the table? The multi-verse is large and wide. Not in character. Who Dis? Might have said it last game, but I don't remember it this game. No, but then you have to follow through-- Too bad, so sad. I'll do the same. That's better than me. 24. Pat your hair, pat your hair, pat your hair, pat your hair. And remind us, it's dim or it's not super bright here, is it? Dark? Oh, in the field of bone shards. It's like a walking shit sack, yeah? Yeah. Dis is two. What level Dis? Just walk with purpose. Aww, poor baby. Curdled dairy at all times. No, I'm talking it out. You can do that to how many more of us? I feel like a handful of tieflings and Grog is better than us as we are. Yeah, we're in a back alley. We gotta walk through this town. So I can do this on my own then? Fuck it, all white. Do you think everybody here dresses like the Raven Queen's butler? I mean-- Smartypants. You can say you're sorry. You're not? You should be. You're wrong, though. 10% what you say, 90% how you say it. I act like Percy. This should be easy. So it's that way. Some people go both ways. Let's take a stroll and see a lay of the land. Why is our life so much like Vaudeville? That's true. Let's just own this. Take a walk. Percival. Strut! And, are there stores, are there businesses? Are these all non-descript buildings, or does it all just look like the same shit? Or is it-- So, it's like a hellish financial district, there's just nothing there. Purge! Hell. Yeah, same. We are in hell. If it's going to come out anywhere-- If you lift up Taliesin's mohawk, you can see the little tiny, little points. Little horns. I want to go to bed. Oh, for fuck's sake. That is fucking disgusting. We're walking and nothing's changing. Do we want to stay put for a while and see what happens? Hotis, where the fuck are you? Did that devil who just left leave the door wide open, or did it shut it? I've done that, actually, that's true. What if we walked for a while and looked back. Let's give it ten minutes, and then we'll figure something out. 27. That's better. Better? Well, I don't like anybody going up. This is stupid. What if I think about being in front of the tower? Yeah. That's it. Does it always feel like it's dead ahead of us, all the time? That was an ambassador. I'm going to trail my sister by like ten feet and watch her back. Same. Ten feet behind you. Yep. Pretty much. Everything fucking looks the same. Nondescript bullshit. Hey, man. What about-- I want to get off the street. I'm tired of walking. We've been walking all-- We've been walking all day. Are you whispering that to me? Stove. Stove. Stove! Stove! Ahh! Those humans are both gone, out of sight? Do we talk to this guy? Because I'm about to. We're fucking dicking around, here. We can't pretend shit here. Let's just go talk to them. Perfectly healthy, perfectly normal. It's like Fox and the Hound. How far is this tavern from us? Me specifically? Thank you for the heads-up, I'm going to go in. What a setup. (laughter) Out of curiosity, these spined devils look like the thing we fought under Krieg's house. Was that Krieg's house? It was, wasn't it? With the succubus. Is there a bar here? Is there the hellish equivalent of a bar here? Yeah, it's airport prices. She said with confidence. Give it to Keyleth, she'll try anything! (laughter) You okay over there? I'm quietly thinking about Scanlan, watching this happen. Are you okay? Welcome to Hollywood. Let's get to the rooms, shall we? No, it's just a bed in New York City in July. Yeah. Yeah, is there any kind of bugs or any-- bugs. 18. It's hard to tell sometimes. Just go with it. Don't make any sudden movements, and let her get it out of her system. What's the D&D equivalent of a glowstick? I start giving Keyleth-- Ooh, never mind. I was going to give her a scalp massage, but ugh. I mean, you were really up, though, when you were, you know, full there. Pours a soul in. Oh, it's very in-character. Hey yeah, Tarytown, can you have Dotes lean on the door? Seems like a Catholic school game. (laughter) No, you're going to be bottoming out. Just need another soul, man. Here-- I'm sure it was somebody who murdered children, you know? It was probably a major arsehole. Son of a-- That's the plan. That's the intention. All topped off at the moment, so whatever you do, we'll make up. I touch Grog's shoulder and I give him four hit points. Ticklish. Boom! Ho-dis! Good times. In a Faberge egg. Yeah! Police Academy, that's the thing the do! Gotta find out-- I assume she's-- you've filled us all in on what you saw. We have to find the prison-- And then get in, get arrested, get-- James Spader. Right, Grog, it's two different sets of problems. Here, he's a wee, wee bab in a chocolate egg, but getting to him is difficult. If we wait, then he gets the jump on us when we're sleeping in our beds. Not in a chocolate egg. Then he looks like a guy in a mascot suit at a Winter's Crest fair. So, it's now or later, it's just a different set of problems, and now we know what we're doing at least. I mean, we know fucking nobody in this city. And they all look like garbage, so why don't we just start with the garbage downstairs? Extra hit points, no fear. Lustrous hair. Shiny fingernails. Feel like you ate a soul. Well, let's not get ahead of ourselves. Because it's in the spellbook. And all this while, Vax has been staring at Taryon and imagining him with exactly half a beard. (laughter) What else is there to say about Taryon Darrington? Yeah. We went to bed, got up, and then-- what was that? It's like noon in our internal clock, probably. We need to talk to somebody. Just talk to somebody. We can walk around for another two hours and wait until somebody gets the heebie-jeebies from us and fucks us up. Or we can talk to somebody. I'm going to talk to somebody. (laughter) I've already left the room. Yeah? I do a quick U-turn. You're god, you can do anything. Yeah but, I mean, I haven't stepped in lava in a while. Doesn't mean that's something I should right now. I feel like with Scanlan gone, our best talker is this one. Yeah, but you know, I feel like in so many situations we go "What happens if I push this "button? Let's just see what happens." But that's not what I'm saying. I'm actually arguing the opposite of that. I'm saying for once, maybe, I mean, you're a very good talker. Why don't we send the person who's good at talking down? Instead of on a lark, sending down, you know, the brute to talk. Maybe you haven't been lucky. Maybe you need to give it another shot. I mean, your average is a little bit better than the Big Man's. Both of you! You're both-- he can only do one person. He's only got enough for one. One person. You go, you go. I just did. Percival, you're going. It's hell, this is your game now. Sure, as back-up, yes. He just-- (mimics snorting cocaine) Steady as she goes, Percival. I place my hands on Grog's shoulder and Percival's shoulder and cast Bless as they walk out the door. You dive in front of me to do that? It's merlot. Two points for Gryffindor. Your pancreas melts. So, we switch back to Little Elf Boy, Little Elf Girl, Antlers, Greg. What did you find out? Who do we kill? The person you just spoke to? Someone else? Okay. But you know it? All right. It's just evil versus evil here. Mm. You're not going to throw a rock and hit an innocent person in this city. Right-- Right. Berenstain Bear. Is that, I mean, that kind of is your name, is that all right? D-Roll's good. Also, I'm not trying to prevent us from following this plan, but we were warned not to make any deals with any creature-- So the first thing we do, is-- I have a thing. Might be helpful while we're here. It's a little vial of oil of etherealness. The oil can cover someone of my size, maybe Scanlan's size, and it lets you-- Lets you walk through the Ethereal Plane for an hour, so you can sort of bypass where you are. Little bit, yeah. Yeah, I mean, you're walking on a whole parallel-- The way it was explained to me, on this piece of paper, is that you are parallel to where you are. Can't pick anything up, I don't think, can't-- Yeah. Well, it's the effect of the Etherealness spell, for one hour. I was trying to sprinkle fairy dust on it, but let's just go to the rules, shall we? This is like Nazgűl KY. Yeah, but it's a-- this is a slow-moving one-way ticket. It's an hour. So I could use it-- Right, or if we get trapped, one of us could lather up and get out. I mean, I don't know what-- we don't really know what we're dealing with yet, but it's just good to know that we have it in our back pocket. Then change into something bigger and squish the egg. I mean, it's not a bad idea. Lot of variables, but it's a pretty good idea. So you're saying you don't bring your 300 dragon hit points down into the fly body, you switch to-- you switch to fly hit points. Whomp-whomp. To doing the hit and then going to prison? Right, no, I'm not arguing. Wait a second, wait a second. When you peeked into Hotis-- When she peeked-- I'm asking Keyleth, but you might need to come in here with detail. When you peeked in at Hotis, what-- Like, how much security was around him. What was around him? Didn't see. Just saw a Cadbury egg. Dispater, yeah. Yeah, that's what we're doing. So, kill the thing, get arrested, possible bug Keyleth, possible ethereal Keyleth as ways to get in and out. Possibly. Yeah. I mean, once we kill this thing, which we will, we're diving into the unknown. Not Hotis. The contract. To get to Hotis. That's the owner's-- All right, so he gets what he wants and then we see if we get what we want. Yeah, I mean, we had a fucking nanny who used to tell us nightmare stories about this. It's way worse than she described it. All of us get arrested. Yeah, mm-hm. Well, walk us through it again. Walk me through it again, one more time. But you two, Kerry, are very loud. Is what you're saying. I mean, reality is, two of us are stealthy. Everybody else is mediocre or worse. Okay. Wow. Probably listening to us. See, part of our problem is sometimes-- always, we grab the first opportunity in front of our fucking faces, so-- Let's explore this opportunity. 27. Ho-Dis. I'll go with her. I'm not what? What am I not? I know. But she's a big fucking bird, I mean-- All right, do your thing. Hell is tearing this team apart. And you said this is like the biggest city we've ever seen? Oh, gosh. Be careful. Those are devils, and we saw one under Krieg's house. Ermahgerd. Do you need us out there? It's not really lying.