I could skip my daughter's birthday. She's at the point where she'll kind of remember. Yeah! There is a very interesting game coming out called The Witness at the end of this month. If any of you played Braid, which was an amazing platformer, but so much more than a platformer, it fucked with your head. That game was made by Jonathan Blow. Jonathan Blow is making another game called The Witness. I'm not going to tell you anything about it, but I'm voice directing, or I voice directed on it. This one, Ashley is in the game, and it was one of the most unique recording gigs I've ever had. I don't really know what I should say, but I think you guys are going to want to check it out. Wyrmwood Gaming, everyone! Wyrmwood Gaming, if you use the code "critrole," you'll get free shipping! Free shipping. First episode ever, Grog goes after Scanlan. Look Sam, what did you do? No one help her. Oh, he's dead. You're the chatty Cathy. Get with the talking. Uriel. As thanks for bringing you this gift, we need to run Grog out once in a while. Might he have the honor of removing this shitstain from the world? So, Riskel, Grog can do it kind of quickish or take a very long time. I've seen him do it. You can be sent on your way to whatever asshole you think you're going to, but he can make it very uncomfortable. I once saw him kill a man with his taint. So juicy. Intimidation, you said. Oh, hell, I'm using Luck in case I can do better. No, 17. All right, Grog, take off his little marble please. The good one! Oh, you shithead. No, he's too strong. Fill him with holy light, Pike. Do it now. So I crouch down, take two fingers and I get him by the nostrils and pull back the top of his head and say, "Do it, Pike. Pour in your holy light right in his mouth. Give it all to him." This guy's an asshole! He earned this grief. I'm sorry, but it's like The Odd Couple. (laughter) How long has the sun been down? Who wants to get a drink? The entire party's intelligence goes to one. Matt's thinking about all the battle maps he drew over the last week, and we're doing a pub crawl. He just made it up. We've not been there. Come on, old man! I'm walking up to the barkeep and I say, Hi! We need to keep drinking, but also eating, so where's the closest place to do that? Not yet. Look at this motherfucker right here! Oh, I lift him. I lift him in the air and twirl him around and I put him down on a bar stool and I give him a playful slap on the cheek. Not that hard, but like. How are you? It's so good to see you! God, you look good. Do you have any food? They don't have any. You can turn a coin and do right by the world. They are in need, and that place is going to explode, I'm telling you. Can I get another drink, please? I need to stay here. You aren't going, are you? I'm sure you do. Could I borrow your ear for a few minutes? In private. Giffed for eternity. It's the internet, you can't take it back. It's there forever. We've known each other a long time. Long time, yeah? And I have a lot of love for you. You are an amazing man. That is part of your charm. I don't even know what I'm saying. I feel I need to be honest with you. There's no question you and I have danced around each other a bit in the past few years, and I have been curious. I've come close many times to going further than I have. You are a charming man. But I respect you very much. And I need to tell you that I can't do the dance anymore. I am in love with someone I don't think loves me, but all the same, it wouldn't be fair to you to think that we might dally, and I don't want to be a liar, so I won't be. I reach out, hand behind his head, and I say, you are a beautiful arcane bastard, and I kiss him full on the lips. I pat him on the shoulder. Thank you. Good night, Gil. Cure alcohol poisoning? Can Pike follow us around all the time everywhere for the rest of our days? It's just twigs and berries, anyway. More private than our house? Ah. Cin-cin, everybody. Cin-cin. Maybe it is. I don't know where it would have come from, though. This is a land of magic and mystery. Who knows? Teleportation device. That's it. If we were to be interested, it's true that you are pointing us in the direction of this place, but we would be doing all the work. We would need a very high percentage. I know that's what you said. I said high. 80-20, or I'm not doing shit. You can send him in. (spitting noises) We're not talking about breaking into a living man's home. Krieg is gone. Krieg was a dragon. We have a dungeon. Did you just say that out loud? Oh dear. With advantage! Amazing, amazing! Oh shit. You pulled a rabbit out of a hat. Scanlan said he's in love. Maybe we could pay Jarett a little overtime. The last time we were there, something looked at us through things on the wall. Right? So it knew where we were and we fled. We have no idea what we left behind. We left in a hurry. What kind of classes? Have you been going to night school? Emon Community College. Everyone says words. I don't know what all these words mean. What's a douchebag? Have a look around? Anyone around? Watching? 23 for me. What about around the house? Outside the house? Or surrounding buildings. And during that whole exchange, I've been changing cloaks and putting on the red one. Great. I don't need to be subtle, I'm just standing around, you guys are arguing, he's making a fool of you, I'm just changing my cloak. I have 17 cloaks. Yeah. It's on wheels, it's on wheels. It's functional. They smoosh up to about the size of a cabbage. It's really all right. You know what? Never mind! I think, what I think is that Grog and Pike should lead the way, stealth in, pick all the locks, and I think everything will go really well. I'm going to hang back. I think that's the way to go. I take Pike by the hand and go here you go, chum, and I slap down my set in her hand. I'm Vax. There's no way this is not good. Everybody, meet your new rogue. She pushes massive statues, she unlocks all doors. Shut up, baby. I know it. Enough to open a door. Does the smell get more intense at the food? I almost can't smell you. You mean the not okay part being the teleportation room? SAM and And that's it? They didn't make it out of the room, right? This is in the room that we're all in? Wow. Oh, 11. Still mildly hungover. Pike then Grog? No, it's got to go behind, I have to pull it behind. No. (laughter) Not enough to recognize anything. That doesn't sound good. Can I check for traps while they're talking? 20. You're like a magnet for evil. Pike, don't you think you should have a look at it? Let's look at the evil skull first. I mean, we've been talking about-- -- some fucknut with one eye. I feel like-- There's a door behind there. All right, I grab Scanlan by the scruff and pull him back and then I start in. And I grab my sister by the ear behind me and start pulling her down. Perception check, perception check, perception check. 20 for me. And the last time we were here, I found a safe path through. Do I remember it? Up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right. I could use Luck, yeah. 20. Jeepers. Worse than a natural one? But I think we assume we're walking into trouble. These were palantirs hanging in a wall where another dragon somewhere peeked through and was pissed off. Is there any sign of the pile of gold that Grog started rage-looting? 23. And none of us remember them from our past visit? Pike, you're frozen. Out of curiosity, I'm going to carefully make my way towards the mouth of the cave and see if there's anything problematic out there. Perception check the whole way. Perception roll to tell if it's an earthquake? Put that thing away. Put it back in the bag.