We're doing it live! We're doing it live. Good, pressure's off. You worked at Ren Faire? Sam, can I show you my snake? (oohing and aahing) This too shall pass. Hey look! Ashley's here! Keep this going all night long. Maybe later. There's four of them on a bed. Yeah! Can I get a CritRole? Boy, I always love sitting at the table with my dice and having a nice cozy wooden box to keep my dice in. Wyrmwood Gaming makes all kinds of wooden boxes to hold your dice in. We have them here, we have all kinds. There's these, there's these-- they hold dice! In due time. It holds your cards, it holds your dice, there's a bluetooth doohickey in it so you'll never lose your box with dice and cards. And you can get all kinds of woods, there's all kinds of tiers, you can get the Critical Role logo etched into any kind of box that they have. And if you want to go full wizard you can get the shnazzy Masterworks box, did I get that right? So, check it out. Wyrmwood Gaming, they got a Kickstarter, they got a website. They're our good buddies. How is Pike? Is your stomach closed? Do you need a moment, do you need to speak to Sarenrae? Typically Scanlan is the oldest, but I've been aged the most maybe. I knew that this was coming, I just thought I had more years until it happened. Yeah, so-- It's probably a good idea. You could do it tomorrow, could you take care of my sister first, Pike? Give her the works. Eat it, sword. You're a good hunter, though, it's not really-- That sword is an asshole. (high-pitched) What are the odds? Everybody roll for initiative Roll him over, roll him over! Grog! Yeah. Punch him across the face. Grog! Pike? Use those gauntlets. Break it. Where can we take him, where can we take him? Can we take him to Gilmore, can we take him to--? Who could we take him to, could we tree to Gilmore? While that's going on I walk off 30 feet away and I fall to my knees on the ground facing away. I know you are not what I want. But you are what we need. And I will put aside my reservations and serve you. It is too soon for him, we need him. He is needed. I will set aside my reservations and serve you. Please. 15. I don't. Six. I'm pulling out daggers and standing behind my sister. Grog. Grog, let it go. This has been something on the tip of our tongue for weeks. Let it go. Whatever that thing is, it's fucked. Let it go! What did you say? Scanlan, what? Put it in the Bag of Holding and give the Bag of Holding to Pike. de Rolo knew about this. That's perfectly clear. You knew about this too, Scanlan? That's a great time for a joke. That's a great time for a joke. Who owned the sword before you had it? Who? Find it on the ground? It's very familiar, that's right. It belonged to the arch-vampire who we fucked up. Show of hands. Who here is uncomfortable with that piece of shit? You have to choose between this group and that sword. So what are we arguing about? The sword just fucking killed you, you dummy! Newark. It was an island with child labor, it's full-circle for Keyleth. I don't want to send it to the Hells. Yes. Percival? Percy? You are clever. It doesn't mean you're always right. We can camp here for the night. We don't have to go anywhere. All sad and tragic and with gravitas. Yeah! Keyleth? (tiny voice) Help meeee. What do you say we camp here for the night, everybody? Right in the cave. You got a hard-on for adventure, little man? Levitate would make her quiet, yeah. It was good times, though, Pike in those gauntlets. That was pretty cool. Sorry, you know, it's so new, it's hard to remember-- Here I come, ol' wrinkly-nuts. I am still older than you. Which means I get to tell you what to do and don't you forget it. Have fun, doofus! I know about Gilmore. Yeah! Are you in a hurry to talk to Dad? Maybe later. No. We do not need to talk to Dad. Sore spot. 30. Why did it get so scary? [break] Oh dear. Fuck Drez. If we could figure out where Kevdak is and drop in on that point. Yeah. And handle Kevdak before the rest of the city can descend upon us. It's a gamble, but so is everything we do. Well, how honorable are your people, if you fell Kevdak or whatever the fuck his name is, will the rest stand down? I agree with that. Weirdest production of Grease ever. Anyway, Kevdak's using a gift of the gods. We have a gift of the gods and soon we will have many more. Well, we probably want to set up shop for a while and wait for the dragons to come and leave and then strike, so that we've got some time. We use fake shithead Grog. Sorry. Fake shitheadier Grog to create a scene and run off and draw away some of the goliaths, probably not Kevdak, and then you go in for the main event with a thinned-out Herd. That's very intelligent of you, Grog. 30. 22. Yeah, I can get that. I don't know why, but I can get that. 39. 27. Fuck. Survival roll? Well, I'm going to use Luck, because I slept. Yeah. 18. Do I sense anything around? I'm going to stealth up to the body. Cut him down. I shoulder him back to the group. 20. 25. 35. Let's all talk about repercussions. And I lay him out. They did not think the farmer killed Horace. These people were in a shit situation, while I don't blame us entirely for this because of where they live now, we must not do anything we're doing lightly. There are many lives at stake, not just Reginald's. Let's just not flit about, here, let's take this seriously, please. Scanlan, can you make a fake stupid body, can you make a scarecrow? Can any of us? Me? Reginald, how much do your murderers know? About us? Go ahead, Scanlan. He broke it. Grog broke it. Yes. Yes. I'll take him. Yes. Disadvantage. Oh, it's all right, though, 35. Just straight dexterity? 17. Better than what it was. We're going to be fighting soon enough. I think everyone should hide inside your love shack and my sister and I should wait here in the grass and watch and wait. And when the dragon comes, we alert you all. I fart a lot. Kevdak, you are wanted at the front gates. Can I read it? Do you want to go steady? If yes, check this box. (whispers) Secrets. Dick pics hand-drawn by quill. It seems like a slim thread of hope, but perhaps the underlings are not entirely satisfied with this arrangement? Just scooped one up. Yeah. It's a long shot, but you told me about those giants. When you were with Zahra, and they turned. We shouldn't rely on it. No. Yep. Chicken, please. Your buddy Horace made it sound like it was easy street, but I don't know if that's entirely accurate. Same, same. Laura doesn't shit! Maybe you don't say anything. (laughter) Like Dig Dug. I have a question. For Grog. (crash in the background) We fought your father and he was dead. What's the last thing the Herd has heard of your father? Well. I don't know how he got there, but we saved you from your father and the dead guy deep underground, so they lost him at some point. What if instead of Grog, you appeared as Grog's dad? Yes you do, you fought him. He was a rotting corpse in front of you trying to kill you. Make yourself look like that, I'm not exactly sure what that would do. TALIESIN and And Kevdak would think that Grog's father was serving him. And he wouldn't feel pissy if he saw one Grog do a magic trick and then the other Grog sprang up and said, "Fight me instead." It would seem more real. Larry? Wow. That's like George Foreman IV. This is George Foreman. LIAM and You know what would make you move pretty fast is a lady rogue with a flying broom. Maybe they'd think it was perspective fuckery like in the Lord of the Rings movies. His dad is much better. Grog. So Grog's father's too big for you, what about the undead severed head of Grog's father? Floating about in the air with Pike's boots. Saying nasty, nasty, nasty things at the Herd. Could you pull him like a balloon? You can't? I thought you could do anything. Can it follow you about? You could be a whole wyvern, but you can't be a goliath? Do it, Scanlan, do it. No, but my sister or I could go with you. One of us. Ragdoll physics. Smart. Bell is bad. He's in trouble, we need to go in now. By the way, this one, under her breath, goes, "Oh I don't like him, he stole from me." Well, maybe he needed it to save the world. Scanlan is drunken master.