That's confusing. Hey, Marvel Animated has started to use me as Doctor Strange, so. (cheering) And also, if you need to put your dice in something, you should go to wyrmwoodgaming.com and use the code 'critrole,' which will get you free shipping. They're beautiful. Many of you have been purchasing them. They're lovely to make nice presents for yourself or for another person. Let's hear it also for the app called Waze, which got me here at 720 instead of 745. Yeah. Mm-hm. Yeah. That dragon's days are numbered. Are we assuming it's going to be as easy as all that? To have Kima with us, I think so, yes. How long do you need to get what you have done? You need a day? Little rusty after three weeks, folks. We need to carve out a plan, Kash is right, we should pick something short-term and do something because-- Well, we need allies and we need power because we're not in shape to take care of a coven of dragons at the moment. Seems like slightly lower-hanging fruit than the other option? MARISHA and Oh, good grief. Yes, yes, get your perv on! Emphatically. I'm already 20 paces away. I go stealth. 27. I literally just pivoted around my sister and pressed against her. Hey, big guy. No. No, I was able to dodge both ways apart, and then came back together. It's my cloak does that. Context is everything. I say we let Keyleth handle it. We swish out and camp for the night. So for the next eight hours, with a little bit of concentration, we can jump back and forth? Next four hours. We can spend a minute to go (foomf) and (foomf)? Yes, I remember. It's ice. And how thick is it, based on what she just did? Oh, just an inch. Ooh. Yeah! No, 71. I take her braid and I start wringing it out. Do you want to try to cloud-creep our way in there? Yeah, we're going to camp for the night. I don't think we should-- I'm going with her. Well, let's just use the magic you already expended first. Twin farts. Can we breathe? Percy, we did some science! That didn't work. Yeah. Sit on the ground. Your hair's a mess. I undo the braid and I just -- starting over. Hold still. I go to the edge of the loch and watch. I'm with Kash, man. What? Fin, fin. It's going to be a big day tomorrow. We should probably get some sleep. (Scottish accent) Oh, you're going to Loch Anus, are you? I'll take first watch. (laughter) What are you doing, man? We take fucking turns. All right. I find the only empty spot of fur on Trinket left and snuggle into it. Big, angry bastards. Half the audience is going, "yeah." And half the audience is going, "what the fuck are they talking about?" Where did you get those thieves' tools? Where did you get them? Did you buy them? Stole them from where? When? I don't remember that. Did that happen in-game, or did you make that up? Yeah. Where? What the-- Wait! I wanted to talk to him. You've got to wait. (laughter) Percival. De Rolo. How are you doing? A lot's going on. A lot. But it hasn't been that long. Has Orthax fully left the building? It is. Can I tell you, I believe you are a good man. If you listen to your better angels, and they're within your friends. Listen to them. I don't want to be pushy. I'm sorry. But you have a family, if you want it. I think we all are, yeah. I agree with that. How do you mean? I wish I felt that way. Well. I started talking to you. I just-- I'm sorry if I've done anything to offend you. We're a bit of an awkward family, but we are trying. This is all a lot bigger than us individually now. (laughs) There's comfort in that. All right. I've said my piece. You are really fucking cool. You know that, don't you? Even if my sister's waking up, I kick her hard in the ass. 22. I am of course reminded of the giant roc. Is it the same shape? After I've kicked her, I grab Keyleth by the shoulder and I start waking her up. Roc. Roc. Roc! Shut the fuck up. Hm, my ears feel really hot this morning, I don't know why that is. What? I'm going to take a walk around the whole thing and see if I can see anything on the edges. Did a 22 perception check around the edge of the loch find anything? Yeah, it's good that you have it, but just hold onto it for a rainy day. Ten minutes? That's more than enough time. Grog, are you ready to dig? Let's just get in there. Let's not destroy the loch. I start pulling. Oh, thank god I'm so strong. That is-- I'm going to use Luck, and that's shit. 11. 11? Remember how happy you were that I was alive? That's not going to last much longer. Dying in slow motion over here. We are sinking in the mud over here! Keyleth, can you walk down this way while still doing that, and Scanlan, can you use Bigby's Hand to block the hole once Keyleth is past you? Yeah, and then Keyleth, can you make a wall of stone once you've let down the water? Let's do it. Hold it, Scanlan, hold it for a moment! Well, we could risk it or-- Keyleth, are you able to put up a wall? Are you talking to her or me? I let them argue and I skulk forward. While they're fighting. Natural 20. Get your Purvan. We got a very nice anniversary present from Megzilla. From Meg. She's a unifying entity. Yes! Yes, I can draw all the penises I want on him! They just cut the power on our show. I'm 20 feet ahead. And I-- sorry. Rolled a 30 for perception. We've already got company. I see two small little buggers ahead of me. I don't know what they are. I don't know yet. Just wait for a second. I'm going to sit for a minute. One minute, and see what they do. I am really well-hidden. I am covered in mud. The twins are dark right now. Is there any light here? Dim light? They're walking in pitch black, right? Are we all huddled together at this point? They came up behind me, right? Yeah, so you're talking into your ear to me. What? What's going on? It sounded like that, but I can't see shit down here. Zahra, you were able to see? You can't see shit, either. I pull out my Flametongue Dagger and make dim light. Well, we can follow the fish brothers, or we could check out these two tunnels. You got played. What is it? You think I should go-- you want me to scout ahead? All right, I walk past-- What the fuck is wrong with you?! (laughter) I really can't get a bead on you. I grasp his giant fucking forearm and lean out with the dagger, and how far can I see with this dim light? So there's a big gap and then there's more path further. You're not here. You don't even know what we're doing! I can, but let's see what the others find on their end, and then we'll figure out if we want to deal with this. I heard it, as well. We don't want to split up. Wait there for a minute. On our end, there's a big chasm over here, and there is a path on the other side of it, but we'd have to get over the chasm. But you've got a complete stairway over there with boogers on it. Traps. I'm looking for traps. Yeah, I'm using the light from her thumb or whatever. I don't know why I rolled both at the same time. 22 for me. 22. I'm going to take a closer look at those things. Do I need to roll anything if I see them now, because she's pointed them out? I'm going to try to disarm them. They look like things I've seen before. They look like traps. I'm going to try to disarm them. What is disarm traps? Dexterity check? An intellect check? Not the thieves' tools? Plus the intelligence modifier? 23, then. Yeah. Instinctually, I do evasion, if it's dexterity. I rolled a 12 plus-- 22. Scythes in the wall? My nose tickles right now. I'm going to attempt to take these out and-- hold on. Thieves' tools to disarm, right? Investigation? All right. 13. Grog, there's giant scythes in the wall or something and I can't figure out how to take it apart. Do you have a weapon that you could jam in this fucker? Like a throwaway weapon that you don't care about? Do you want to fucking fuck this knife hole with a sword? Are you saying it's not blocked, it's just some rubble and you can step over it? It's pooped into the passage. Thank you. This is my profession. (laughter) Vex, could you tell Zahra to come up another 20 feet or so? 22. So I had a fucked-up passage on the right behind me. I've got a T ahead of me that goes in two directions, but there's a hole in the middle of the T. And there's nothing else? I back up against Zahra, and I say to everyone else, because she's right next to me, we've got a T in the passage here, but there's a big fucking hole in the way, so we're going to need to use our neverending rope, perhaps, or some means of getting over this hole if we want to go forward. How strong are you? Can't carry any one person over? Maybe a gnome? Oh. Hold on, I've got this figured out. Hold on. Hold on, shush. Eenie, meany, miney, mo. Catch a tiger by the toe-- Eenie, meany, miney, mo. We go rightwards. That's a 30-something. 30-- And there's nothing here? 31. (groans) There's a bunch of bullshit on this wall and a raven's head, and I don't know what any of it fucking means. What do I hear if I knock on the wall that we're looking at? Doesn't feel hollow. We should just leave. (laughter) Smart bear. Wait! What are you doing over there? Wait up-- okay, go for it. Do me proud! Well, that was lucky. I'm going to catch up with the ladies and acrobatics over to them. 20-- 33, excuse me. Wait a second, hold on a second, this is the only thing we can do. 25. 30, 35. (whispers) All right, everybody, get ready to play. I reach down-- are there any rocks or pebbles or anything on the ground? I take a pebble, I throw it all the way towards the platform. What's the matter? (whispers) What's the matter? Stealthing to the side. Stealth, stealth, stealth, stealth, stealth! Is this new stealth? Who was this made by? Dwarven Forge. 29 for something. 19. 19 for Vax. Okay. She's very focused and studying our styles. I dunno if this laser pointer's going to work, since there's now a wall in the way. I'm going to go up the side-- I'm going to hit my heel against the other heel-- Yeah, that's great. (laughter) Yeah. And you tell me if it's surprise, I don't know, but I'm going before Fish Guy up on the dais. I can't make it work over these walls. I'm going to chuck three daggers at Fish Guy up here on the dais. Through the window. But because I go first I get advantage on all attacks. Against guy on the dais, yeah. Is 28? Second one is 14, and the third one is 27. All three hit, so the first one we'll do a sneak attack on, and here we go. Oh, sorry. Advantage. Thank you. 11 for the first, ten for the second, and eight for the third. Right, but because I have advantage, I automatically-- So yes! Sneak attack on the first-- The first one was-- I rolled a full four, so that's four plus eight plus-- That's 13, 19, 24, 28, 32, 34-- That's the dice, 34, so 68 plus seven is 75. You double the dice, yeah? Sneak Attack, sorry, I always get this fucking shit confused. Sorry. So half of that is, so 34 plus seven is 41. Always get it confused. Every fucking time. I'd like to use the rest of my movement just to sink down with my back against the wall, out of the way of the window. 50 from whoever's in the lead. I'm under cover, I'm pressed to a wall. I saw a flash of something. Wake up, everybody! Ah, he's moving! I always like the bail out at the end. Four more years! (laughter) It's going to be 'uge. Look at this guy, he's cold as the universe. Only she can get away with that. None of the rest of us can. I'm going to use Cunning Action to hide, and then I'm going to run along the back wall to the pillar by-- across from Vex, at the back of the chamber. And if counting is right, I'm 60 feet away from the beholder. Just within, right. That's what I thought, and I'm going to throw three daggers at his fuckin' eyeball. Two attacks? But I got the hasted boots on. I clicked the heels. Oh, right! Thanks. And do I have advantage-- no one's near him, right? All right. Use my last Luck. No, that's okay because I'm me, so that is 25. All right, so the first attack was an eight-- 18. Okay. So the first attack was 18 plus-- sorry, it was 30-- And the second attack was 28. One plus two, five, ten, 11, 15, 16, 17, 20 for the first. No, 27. And then the second attack is-- ten. I also make a little, like, raspberry noise at the end and go (pffbt). How high does he go? Come on, use Luck if it's sucky. It's like a balloon in the Macy's Day Parade. So technically that's a gamble, and if the thing you ask for never happens you forfeit your turn? Did you remember Hunter's Mark? So you can just chime in and say, 'Fuck what I said, I'm going now'? "Think I'll take a walk!" Over every part of the wall? Can you show me where his glance is, again, with that doohickus you have? I'm going to use Cunning Action to hide. Yeah, evasion. Yeah, don't worry. That's 30. Hide. That is a 25. I'm going to run past Trinket along the back wall, all around the edge, over to where Vex and Kash are. I'm going to keep pushing along-- I'm going to get between them, and I know that slows the movement down, but I want to be in there, and I'm going to use my two actions left to throw daggers at the floating fucking bowling ball with eyes. Oh, wow. So the first one is a 21. Yeah. Second one is a 17. So it's a measly little attack of nine. No! I use the last of my movement to lower down behind Kash. (laughter) Slow motion. He's fine. Come on, Scanlan! Is it on the ground or five feet above the ground? And I start running to the edge. Kima! Are you all right? I'm going down, I'm rappelling. Rappelling. Rappelling. Hold on, yeah, yeah, I'll give a-- piggy-back you up, come on. Just wait a moment. Hold on, let's tie you up. Grog? I'm going to tie her up, you're going to pull her up first, and then throw it down and get me. Yeah-- no! Almost! Just pull Kima up! Step two is coming! And I'm going to use perception on this pile of bones down here as she gets yanked up. That's some Labyrinth of Jareth shit right there. 15, a very average 15. Okay. I'm looking through some bones. Oh, wow. Are there any fish-guy bones? I play a couple of them on the wall. Do a little song. Grog! Throw down the rope! Please? Pretty please? Thank you! Evil shit. Why are you rolling twice? What's going on? The fuck happened? I run over. I'm already running over. I'm picking her up. What happened? I was only down there for 30 seconds. I'm pouring a healing potion in her mouth. I'm pouring a greater potion in her mouth. The fuck is going on? What are you hesitating for? Do it. Whatever the fuck you're going to do, do it. Do it. Depending on what she does, I'd like to do something next. I do. I pull my sister in close, and I say, take me instead, you raven bitch. 11. You were knocked out. Yeah. I'm not crying, stupid. I walk out of the chamber. Would she or would I?