What? Can you hear me? I'm in the Bag of Holding. I can see you guys on Twitch! Did you know you're on the Internet? Oh my gosh, Laura, hold up my boxes. Do you have items that need to be put inside boxes when you're not holding dice? Because Wyrmwood Gaming makes boxes for your dice and if you use the code "critrole"-- You can get free shipping. Don't infect my dice! Oh wait, I got one last thing, it's not really a professional announcement, but I am sitting in the kitchen that I grew up in. I'm playing Dungeons & Dragons in the first room that I ever played Dungeons & Dragons in. Am I up to what? What was that, Grog? As long as you're not going to whip out the cube, then lead the way. I pull Scanlan over to the side. Have you always been able to do this? Have you been holding out on us, man? Is there anything else you can do that you haven't-- can you make an army of unicorns or a giant in a dancing dress, or is this the extent of what you can do? I'm sorry, where did that cow come from? I call one of the servants over to me. Can you get anything? Could you get me a small squid? Is that a real cow, Scanlan, or was that some sort of ghost cow? Can Scanlan cast Sad Trombone? I can't judge. I've done my share in the past. I thought you were a little overly nice to him. I don't think any of us can judge you, Vex'ahlia, but it does strike me as a little bit odd, if nothing else. What happens when you shoot a couple arrows from up there? Do it again! And I throw the chicken closest to me into the air. Are you going to carry that on your back? You'll look like a Byroden chimney sweep. Time for a family reunion, Grog. I said it's time for a family reunion, Grog. Are you ready for that, or do you want to put that off a bit? Yeah, it was. On the way to Kraghammer, that's right. Grog. Just out of curiosity, we weren't going to walk in and negotiate with your uncle. He's not going to give us these Knuckles. He's a proud owner of them, yes? And how many are in the herd, roughly? I hold up Scanlan's hands and then I hold up my hands behind them so that all 20 fingers are waggling. Grog, are there more than this many in your herd? We're doing rakshasa hands. Grog, is there more of them than rakshasa hands? I don't think it's going to be pretty no matter what we do, but I actually think trying to steal them might be a better angle than going toe-to-toe with "six" goliaths. I just did air quotes. We just have to pick the least terrible option right now. Allegedly. All the time. All the time. All right. Everybody hop on Vex's broom. 22. As wind, I'll pull in front of my sister and use windiness and wind hands and wind farts to put up a stop sign with my hands and point down if that's possible in this form. I'm going to go down and I'm going to motion for her to follow. 25. 35! The guy, you don't know his name. What does he look like? Where have you seen him? I'm talking through Skype, so it's a little more difficult for me! The guy who's got your child. You don't know his name. What does he look like? Where have you seen him? And best we can tell, he's the only guard? The only one? And the goal is to question this guy or to take him out? To question, yeah? I'm going to squat at the edge of the high crops and keep an eye on the other guard who was walking off just to make sure he's oblivious. 28. His partner's still long-gone. What if Vex and I went as mist, just the two of us, quickly? Just the two of us. 42. No flying buttresses? That's when we fought the Nightmare. Yeah, I'm gesturing to go. Get out. 44. Sing to it! Well, let's put on the table what we're doing here. Right? Kevdak has the Knuckles. We don't know where he is. He's probably pretty formidable on his own. And in a day or two, a dragon is going to be swinging by, so it's not one problem, it's a very large problem and a massive problem. Grog, I'm curious how tied you feel to the ways of your people now, or if you do. Do you feel the need, yourself, to face him on your own, or would you be amenable, would you be friendly to the idea of my sister and I softening him up for a moment, and then letting you have at it? What do you want to do here? I want to throw something in here as well. And I don't know what to do in this situation, I'm looking to you all for guidance. But I do know two things. One is that I don't want you to fall, Grog. We need you. And I do not want you to fall to Kevdak. And second if you do fall, I'm not willing to walk away without those Knuckles, not for me to use, but for us to use. We need those Knuckles. So if you are to fall at his hand, which I do not want, I don't know that I can honorably walk away. My first point, Grog, I need you, we all do. Sitting pretty. Grog showing restraint and caution! Yeah, so do I. If it takes 17 episodes, we will. Skype is rough, guys, it makes me feel bad for Pike. I'm fine. (fake crying)