I know. I wish I was there. Muggy and hot. I have a Dagger of Life-Stealing, plus one. I'd also like to say how much I enjoy being in Travis's stomach like Uatu. (all laugh) Wait, I would just like to say, (creepily) "Wade." No, I have a Dagger of Life-Stealing, which steals life. Yes, I have the Clarota hat. I almost gave away mine. Oh, here we go. Matt Mercer. Pike, dear, dear friend, can you hear me? I was wondering if maybe you and I could swing by the temple of Serren-rae and fix my foot. TRAVIS and I'm three-fourths an atheist, darling, but I know that my foot doesn't fucking work. Celebrate by shitting on a bed. (all laugh) My foot's great, Ashley, thanks. (all laugh) Is this the moment? Should I take my shoe off? Vex, look, I'll take my shoe off. It's still, you know, it feels strong, but it's-- it itches. It itches me-- It irks me still. Perhaps maybe you could give it one more try today? You seem to have a bit of a glow about you. It feels like IcyHot! (laughter) I stick my foot in my sister's face. Well, not so fast. That's going a bit beyond winking. Yeah you are. You should talk to her. Talk to her. You don't want to look back and regret what you didn't say. Do you want to go steady, if so check this. (laughter) God, I so wish we still had the troll dick right now. You have flown before. You do remember that, right? Does that when he's nervous. Don't mind him, talk to him. Streak! Come on, guys, one time offer. You're going to let it slip through your fingers? It's just so crazy it might work. Classic dwarven fundraising technique! Make me a glass of that grog? What about a steampunk rocket pack for the bear? Oh, he fell right off the front. Look at the guns on that gnome! Hey DM. Since Vax has nothing really to prepare ever and he's in obviously peak physical condition, I'm going to spend the trip helping Keyleth and if she needs any ingredients for whatever she's doing, I'll go get them, I'll hold things up for her, I'm just going to hang out and try to help her get things done. I'm hard to pin down. That's the best part. (garbled) 26! 26. Aw, I've got to turn on Twitch so I can see it. Well, the Twitch, the Twitch is up. (gasps) This is like that Jabba's Cruiser game that came out. Anybody, anybody? 20. 20. All right, I'm running up right behind my sister's shoulder and because of my Assassinate perk I have advantage on this because they haven't gone, yeah? So I'm going to click my boots of haste as I come up behind her and dagger-dagger-dagger over her shoulder. I'll use my brand-new Dagger of Life-Stealing for the first time. That was a 19, which is a critical hit for me. Okay, well, I had advantage for Assassinate, and disadvantage for the distance, so that brings me down to even. My first roll was a 19, which is still a critical hit for me. They haven't gone yet. Throwing over my sister's shoulder, so-- So here we go. Rolling dice in Jersey, it's wonderful. That makes ten. So that's a 20 for that. And I'm going to start slinging the other two daggers. First one probably misses, it's a 14. Well, I don't know, do these all get advantage? All three are before they go. All right, so then actually that was a 20. Okay. That is an eight and the third dagger goes (wa-shing) right over Vex's shoulder for a 27. This one is the poison dagger of course, so that is ten of damage and then it's a DC of 15 for poison. I'm happy. Not Simon. Come on, Tiberius. It all sounded like Enya to me. Come on, Tibber-hoods. Buck, buck. Thanks, Easter Bunny! He's falling so slowly. Getting flashes of Holy Grail here. Sprinter's Boots. Sprinter's Boots! I'm going to run up alongside Trinket on the side and stab the grounded wyvern two or three times. I'll use keen dagger to start, gets a 23. Okay, so that's 11 points of damage plus the Sneak Attack damage. 13 Sneak Attack damage, so that's 11 plus 13, first dagger. Second dagger gets a 26. Hits. That is a ten of damage and the third dagger gets a 16. It does, it does? Very nice. Oh, well. Did they all hit? It was less. Should I throw two more? Okay, I'm good with everything else. Oh, it was... eight. And as a bonus action I want to take my hand under Trinket's ears and go, wooga-wooga-wooga-wooga. Such a glass half empty girl. All of them. He's at disadvantage because I'm on Skype? (laughter) Wait, what did he roll? A natural 20? Then he hits. All right. I'm doing it. I'm in New Jersey and I'm rolling for constitution. That's a five. Yeah, I'm not doing too well. Well, I'm doing really bad, let's just say that. I don't feel so good. Do not kill my sister while I'm away. Do it, Percy, do it. We just hit 4,000? (strained) Yes. Ze goggles do nothing. Kill kill kill kill kill. (sings) Ska, we've been getting a lot of ska. I'm having trouble seeing through the fog of war, a.k.a. my iPad. How close is that wyvern to me? All right. Okay, so straight up, dagger-dagger-dagger. Do I have advantage? All right, that's 20 on the first with my keen. Hits. That is ten points of damage. Second dagger, 25. That is seven points of damage, and my third dagger, all the way from New Jersey, is a 20. They were really all ones. That is a ten. That's how we do it in Weehawken, New Jersey motherfucker! I am going to-- no I'm going to jog backwards towards the-- I can't see. Who's around the wyvern up at the end of the boat? Nobody at the back? I have a potion, I'm going to drink it. No no no, I don't want to do that. No, I definitely don't want to do that. I'm going to run over by-- I'm going to run back by Keyleth. Do something amazing. But maybe! Scanlan! Finish it. You're the closer, Percy. Last time I spoke, I was by Keyleth. I'm just following her lead. I'm all right. Been better, I've been worse. 16. Heal her and put her to work. She's probably been out of work. You can have a real life here, little one. That's your past. This is your future.