Hi Nancy. Look back the way we came, there's some sort of light up ahead. Stay with Clarota, I'm gonna go take a look, Scanlan, come on. 29. Grab Scanlan, put my hand over his mouth, and say, Quiet, man, what's wrong with you? With great power comes great responsibility, shut up! Later, later. Save it for the mind flayer. So with him tucked under my arm like a football, I start to creep further. And try to make out-- if there's light from the lantern, I can see in dim light, thanks to daddy's blood, so. I'm gonna try to figure out what it is exactly that I'm seeing. Perception check? Oh. Do I have any advantage on that? 11. Pike? Jeez, where have you been? We were looking at that, we couldn't make heads or tails of it. You ever seen that before? Are you sure? Think about it, just for a moment longer. Oh, it's a natural 20! You just forgot. What is it? How did you know that? We're in a very complicated situation, a lot has happened to us. We found sort of a war camp down here, and there is sort of a being, I don't know what to call it. He's got a little of this going on, and he speaks and lashes out through his mind. We fought a huge force down here, and then we ended up falling into a cavern, and then Keyleth and my sister found another one, what are they called? They're called-- illithids. This just happened. He seems extremely dangerous, however, the forces we faced in the other illithid seem maybe worse. So that's where we're at. Pike, this is Clarota. We've just met. Clarota. Can you help us understand your kind? Your history? How you've come to be here and who this individual is that is fucking with your shit? (all laugh) I have a few questions. Is that all right? You and your brethren, without this, do you think as one? So, one individual of your family sees something, the entire hive sees the same, is that correct? And you mentioned the Arcane being a stigma upon you? What do your brethren put their faith in, if not the Arcane? I have one more question, and we have allied ourselves to you, that's true. But I'm curious to know, hopefully our goals intertwine, and we want the same thing. But once that is achieved, and it will be, what happens then for the Illithid? Do you return to your home below? Do your people harbor any ambition to move upward into Kraghammer? I'm sorry, what was that name? I do as well. Scanlan, does he speak true? Insight. 20 over here! But can she suss him out? Is there any way to be hidden for us? I think we do understand your desires though, and we can align ours with yours. So let us speak of specifics, Clarota. Strategy. Percy shot this one, I think. I think it's important to point out that your kin, this general, is aware of at least three of us, of my dragonborn friend, the singer over here, and myself. Just us, then. True, it could be just me then. You look lovely. How do you think your kin will react to that? What will their response be if they know that outsiders have come? If they've seen just me at this moment, plus a few illusions. Can I assume that you would have already given us any advice by now if you knew a way? Are we stuck with our own resources? So no back doors, no secret entrances that you know of, into the camp, anywhere near this general? Fuck. How did that go with the little brain thing? Not too well. The bridge is gone, we have to-- Get out of this city. Scanlan took a poke about. He boofed himself out of sight and had a look around, and then we returned to the edge of it, and I kind of flipped the bird at them, and taunted them a little, but most of us haven't been in. Under the bridge, there was-- And the ogres were getting sucked under by something. He will probably hear the thoughts inside your mind. I think so, Pike. I think at this point, we should just move forward. Yes, that all sounds shitty. (all laugh) No, we haven't had a look around. Perhaps, but the water breathing sounds good to me. I feel like a head-on-- -- run into the chasm is a bad idea. Yes, he's got a bottle, plus, we've killed a fucking dragon. I know it's not an easy task to accomplish, but we're pretty badass, I think. We might have a good chance. Well, we don't know. I mean, our options are we can vote on it, although we all know Keyleth is just gonna go fucking do whatever she wants. Our options are-- Just the one time. Our options are a headlong advance into the middle of their camp. That's a big fucking force. Go fishing with you? And Keyleth said that she can cast Water Breathing, can help us breathe underneath the surface. You were having trouble, if I recall, just getting the waterfall out of the way to create, I mean it was amazing, but-- I know, you fucking saved the day, but we're talking about-- Yeah, Lake Superior. There's 50 to 100 fucking creeps up top. Hold up, hold up. Those are the ones we saw, though. How do we know how far back the camp goes? How many are in the gate behind it? Wait a second, wait a second. Clarota, you've been listening to our thoughts for the last ten minutes. What do you think? What do you think? Have you seen it? It's big? What's the sitch? That illithid took out my brain from like 100 feet. Can you make me invisible? What? What's he doing? This is a fairly shitty situation. How? It's pale as shit. When I go to the beach, I don't tan, I stroke. We've seen you surrounded in radiant light before, you think you can do that to the carpet? And Clarota, while they're figuring that out, if we remain to be hidden or blind our opponents as we approach your kin, will not know our thoughts 'til they see us? Can I fight one of your kin with a blindfold on? It wouldn't be hard to get hold of some pitch down here, some tar. No. If you can be invisible, and you have a ring of mind shielding, and you can carry a bucket of pitch to that motherfucker, you can splash it on its face, cover its eyes, and it's helpless. Yes, but it could take it off, possibly. If you smear sticky shit on its eyes-- Then it can't control-- No, not solo. I like your idea of turning me into a fly. You and I go in-- But that could get us in close. Scanlan and I could get in closer, and blind it, and I could stab it in the head. Did everyone hear Percy, that's a good idea. Yes, two fronts. You and I separate from the group, they go in shining like a beacon, you and I (buzzes) in, and while the illithid is focused on them, we go in, you blind him, and I stab him in his maw. It's pretty good. What else are we going to do? Vex, you mean? My sister Vex? That's a good question. I gave up trying to understand her years ago. Well, I-- 20. Nothing to add. What creatures are you speaking of now? Is this something-- But what are they? This is something worse than umberhulks, I assume. Buttholes in the underdark! Well, I need to take a moment to find some-- I'm gonna look around and see if I can find any pitch, anywhere in the goblin camp. Investigation. I got the exact same number, 12. Goblin shit? Let's cook it up a little. Feel pretty good about that. So here's how I think this goes. I think the team infuses the carpet, and any shields, or head pots they have with radiant light. They go in and make a big stink on the side of the camp. You and I go in, you're invisible. I'm a-- Yes, let's say fly. We go in, find the illithid, and then we pop in, you yell, "Hey, Spanky," throw goblin shit in its face. Yes. We want to increase our odds. As soon as he's blind, I go in for the kill. And then it's on us to deal with what happens after that. It's playtime. Yes, please do. It's possible they could be weary, frightened. Seems unreliable-- yes, mind controlled. Your time to kill is coming. That's our starting point, I imagine. The main thing is to get the illithid, because if he's out, nobody's-- Then they're all separate. He's playing chess with all his minions until we take him out. Yes, but there's no bridge, we talked about-- We have an infinite amount of rope. Tiberius talks about making him light as a feather. Clarota, is there anything you can do to help us on this endeavor? You have our word. There's no bridge. Get over together, get to the edge. That's a good idea. If we go as high as we can, and just hug the ceiling of this motherfucker, and then go down in the middle. And as we're going down, you turn me into a fly and go invisible, and that's when all hell breaks lose. No time like the present. I will sneak through. If shit goes south, I will peel off and join the others. We're just gonna have to improvise that. We'll do it live, we'll do it live. Sorry, everybody does it. Our mother did it, I do it sometimes. (hissing) Vox Machina, let's do this shit. Tiberius, Percy, and I are on the carpet, and Tiberius, are you good to help Grog fly across? We're all taken care of, yes. Tiberius, Percy, and I are on the carpet. Yes. She'll be back. Do you propel yourself with thoughts? I turn to Scanlan and say, Scanlan, we are probably going to die today. It has been an honor. What were you saying Tiberius? Don't play it that way, what were you saying? It's all right. 28. Want to take Kraghammer. This close to the ceiling. Tiberius, can you turn me invisible now. He's sitting on the carpet. So are we floating above? But I can't go invisible while you're flying. We're running the risk of as we come down on Duergar, going (groans). We're gonna go in, we're gonna hit the roof, you turn me invisible, he turns him invisible, you guys light up the night, and we just do it, we just gotta go. If anyone takes notice, then turn off the lights. All right, let's do it. 28. If that thing sees us, though, it could be game over. I still think we should stick to the plan of blinding it. You and I. I will fucking yell into my earring if shit goes down, and you guys gotta pray for me. Tiberius, could you do me a favor of making me disappear? Holy shit, where are my hands? I take Scanlan by the scruff, and swing him down. I'm scaling in after him. 18. We're in, we're in. We're holding hands, I'm leaning way down on the side. Sam and I have done this before. First, I just heard Tiberius' voice in my head. So I'm going to test it out and think. Scanlan, can you hear me? I heard Tiberius whispering about. I tug on his hand to keep going into the barracks. You just lean to live with the stage fright, you never move past it. Should we pause right now? Look, my sister's here. We'll make it work. We'll bring you up to speed later, you're on the roof of Osama Bin Laden's house. (all laugh) So, I think we should probably stealth. And start moving in. 20. We have, does anyone have a laser light? All right. Squeeze it together? Ah, there we go. Okay so we're going to go down here. So we're gonna go this way. All right, I'm inching up, I'm pulling Scanlan behind me, but I'm inching up to this door, just peeking through, seeing what I can see. Okay. I pull Scanlan by the hand, and we enter into this room. It's just like the day we met, Sam. Quietly walking this way. We're past the door, that looks like the front door. We're gonna keep going this way. I still have the pitch in a bucket. The shit in a bucket in my hand, by the way. But we'd make noise. How far apart are the two duergar standing in that door? Okay. I pull a gold coin out of my pocket, and throw it in this corner. And because of Keyleth, I have advantage, correct? So this is, what is this? So that's a 17. I pull Scanlan behind me, and tiptoe right behind this asshole. And take out my vorpal blade. And reach out and grab him by the hair and stick it in the back of his neck. I'm so tense right now. Okay, good. Yes. Well, I get-- Yes, I get advantage, but you can't triple up on advantage I believe? (loud bang offscreen) Thank you. So this isn't a dexterity check, this is an attack. Okay. So that's a 26. I'm sweating. Okay, that's two plus seven is nine. That's nine, that's just that part. Six. Seven. Nine. 14. And 19. Which is, what's doubled, the Sneak Attack damage? Just had a thought, I'm going to sit him back against the wall, and let him slide against it, and grab Scanlan, and into the room. (shushes) I got a 28. We can't talk. I put the bucket of shit into Scanlan's hands. Give him a little nudge, a gentle little nudge. And I'm rolling behind him at the same time. Behind the illithid, ready to go. Oh yeah, behind him, behind him. Plus advantage, oh thank christ. Using Scanlan's advantage, so 16, 29. (sighs) I'm stabbing, I'm stabbing! This is stealth, right? Stealth for me? Oh, okay. 29! 29! That's a critical, right? I'm assassinating this mother fucker. The illithid can control us all. Roll my damage. Okay, DM? 62 into the back of his head. Critical hit. Oh, it's a poison one by the way. I have no idea. Poison dagger. I think it's oh, it's 15. Natural 20. 20. Natural 20. Oh yeah, that's a 25. We snuck into the war camp. We all landed on the top of their main building. I'm just gonna (grunts) in the back of his head some more. I'm still invisible according to Tiberius' Greater Invisibility spell. Stab him in the back of the head. For assassinate, do I get the critical still here, DM? So this is a 28. I just rolled a 28. Oh, so this is my bonus attack? Okay, this is fire. My flame tongue dagger, I got two plus six is eight. Eight. Was that the bonus attack? Or was that my main attack? That's a nine, and here comes my bonus attack. Okay, 14. 24. Here comes my keen dagger. Which is an eight. Yes. Windows are swing-down-in-able. It's wood. Oh, it hits, but I use Uncanny Dodge to try to swoop out of the way as best I can. Er mah gerd, I derged. (all laugh) Did you bring any Wheaton power from the other room? (all laugh) Do it, Starlord. The guy on the table attacking me. Vex'ahlia! I yell. Bring the fire, Tiberus. Toys, toys. Clever girl. There's magic in the dwarves. The duergar. Yeah, son. They were all eights, right? He's a power top. Probably if anyone tries to hit him, he'll snap out of it, so. Hugging him. DM is out of his mind. 18. Pretty good overall. (groans) It's a worm. I have a question. Can we take a potty break before? No breaks? No, I'm fine. Aw! Okay, I think, where's the laser? Here it is. It looks like I have just enough squares to go one two three. Who's this right here? Can I get to here on a turn? I can't tell. It's 30 feet. I'll use my bonus action to click my haste boots together. Okay, and since Percy is right up against it, I'm able to deal Sneak Attack damage, because there's another one of its foes. So I'm gonna try to strike him in his underbelly. 20. Oh, and it was-- Never mind. So three. There we go. 22. To fight the bulette? Or to-- Oh, we don't know, oh. He could just be reacting to the bulette. Take his fucking head off. That's a level nine barbarian. That arrow just went slow mo. Aw man. Thank you Gary Gygax, wherever you are. (all laugh) Dicks. Freakin' tank in the room. ♫ Why can't we be friends Fuck you. Scanlan Shorthalt, playing Vegas, ladies and gentlemen. He can do anything with any instrument. Way to slack off, Mercer. Good musical riff. 24. 11. That'll learn ya. Did it drag Percy through the air? These games keep getting better. Scanlan! He's unconscious, he's in bad shape, but we're gonna get him. Hashtag save Scanlan. Strings of gnome blood are being flung across the room. She's 25 speed. But what about her-- Which means you're-- Ten. Yeah. It's one or multiple people. Remember when I brought you back from the dead? Remember that? Remember that? You're gonna be all right. I think you did it four times, yeah. That was plus five. You don't go below zero, you hit zero, and you're there, making rolls to see if you die. Come on Clarota, show us what you got. Got to bring that mental power and that arcane magic, let's do it. Okay, so I've got enough room to run up to its anus, which I'll do. It's got plenty of people around, so that means I can Sneak Attack him. Ain't no thing. Okay, that hits. Who cares, I'm saving my gnome friend, okay. Here I go. 14, it's a 25 to hit his butt. This is my keen dagger, with vorpal blade, two plus seven is nine, that's just nine. Where's a pencil, that's a pencil. And then we add my Sneak Attack damage, which is six, seven, ten. 15. 21, plus nine, is 30. To the butt. Specifically to the butt. The hole? Right in there. How do you like me now? Pucker up, baby, pucker up. This is D&D in 2015, people, 2015. So that's the first attack, right? Now I get a second attack? Second attack. 22. It's a tank. Double damage, it means double damage. Stay in school, kids. Yes! And that's why you're on the team. (all cheer) You sadists. (all laugh) 826LA probably, right? Oh, hi. Laura had to bugger out. I mean he's pretty good at Dungeon Mastering, right? Chaotic good. What was your first roleplaying experience? I saw that go through. This guy just started. I did AD&D in high school, and I DM'ed while playing, which is totally cheating. This is the first pure experience I've had. I saw, when and how did you all start playing together? The reason this started is because, I directed Matt as Leon Kennedy in Resident Evil 6, and every time he came in he would say, "hey, you know, I'm running a game, "you can come in and just do a one off." And I was like, "oh, I got babies, "I can't do that, I can't do that, I can't do that." And then finally once for my birthday I thought, I can do a one off, it'll be the only time we'll do it, just see how it goes. Scanlan and I did a podcast together, and every week we would do some new thing, and we're like fuck it, let's play D&D. We all did it and everybody got snake bit, and it's been the best thing that ever happened. To me at least. Travis, everybody's asking about your shirt. I'm also seeing, why did we switch from Pathfinder to Fifth Edition? Oh, you did? Someone's asking if we like presents. I think we'd all like fan art. Immortalize our shitheadedness, that'd be good. We still got that little one. Socrates asked what was a favorite moment before we started streaming the show? Our first game was pretty amazing. Most of us, I was giggling uncontrollably, I couldn't believe we were doing it. And just watching my friends, who I work with all the time, just dropping into character, there was no like, oh, let's see, what will I do, what am I doing? I will move, I will roll. Like Bailey, Bailey dropped into character from the get-go, and was a ringer. But the moment I was thinking of was when Pike died. Pike died. Shortly before we switched from private to public. It was emotional. A couple people started crying, I teared up. We put two and a half years into this, and we're all very connected to it. I'm not gonna get into it, but I've had a hard couple of years personally, everything's fine, but this was like therapy for me. And to see one of my friends go down? It was fucking emotional. Of what? Do we have $50 in the budget to go on eBay and get a Castle of Greyskull set? Put it on the set somewhere? Let's do that. Yeah, we're working towards that. Someone asked what kind of food would everyone like? I like Indian. Don't, that's a terrible idea. Somebody asked something, like, what do we hope is the result of this show? I can't remember the wording. Obviously we're doing this because we love each other and we're having fun together, but I also hope, D&D has been, its entire history has been like, "oh, it's this weird thing that guys do "with dice in a room." Anyone can do this, I love video games, I work in video games, but D&D has changed my life. It is social, it is person to person, it is real, because it's people in a room doing shit together, and that's kind of lacking a little bit in our world, and I would say find some friends. I mean, I love that there are sort of online tools to play with people across the country, but if you can find three or four people in your town to do this, I'd say do it. Do it. Someone's saying what edition to start with? I would start with the most recent, because you know they're gonna keep updating it over the years. It's really loose. I feel like all of us felt like, we were doing Pathfinder, and... Fucking loved it, otherwise we wouldn't be doing it, but it was really intricate, and we were doing it every six or seven weeks, when we were off-air, so. We felt like the rules were really complicated and we'd lose track of it. We loved doing it, obviously, but Fifth Edition is really fast and loose. I recommend that. And Travis just stuck his finger in my ear, he kinda does that. He hits me in the nads a lot. Connected to that, someone asked, if you had any tips, and I'd like to know the answer to this too, because I'm running a game for my eight-year-old son and his friends who are about to start, do you have any tips for new DM's? Although you wrote a monologue for Clarence, right? Because that was very intricate. We were all just ready-- Do you have random encounters ready, in case we're like, "ah, fuck it, I don't wanna go down to the dungeon, "I wanna go back up and beat up some dwarves." Do you have shit kind of ready? Somebody asked how we pick the character class that we picked. When we first started this game, and I said, "hey, it's my birthday, I wanna play a game." Laura really likes rogues as well, but I made sure that as fast as I fucking could. So she, yeah. She plays rogue, in like Dragon Age and everything. That shit's a favorite class of hers, so I know I got it out there. Also, the reason that we're twins is because Laura and I have the exact same birthday, May 28th. That's why we're twins. I'm so glad we pulled you in. One of the greatest pleasures for me, and I'm obviously a huge nerdlinger, and this is just me reliving high school. When I was talking to Sam about starting all this, and saying hey, let's get together, it's what I wanna do for my birthday, we pulled Travis in, Travis is fucking tight, look at him. He's not the stereotypical D&D player, and he was as snake bitten as the rest of us. Play Dungeons & Dragons, please play Dungeons & Dragons. It'll make you so happy. Thedouginator keeps asking you, Matt, how you brought the party together the first day of play. You're so entertaining. Take it away, Mercer. Jake Bodro asked what's it like playing for three hours in front of 2,500 people? I think our games have gotten a little bit better, only because when we play privately, there were sometimes lulls, where we weren't sure what to do, we would go off to bathroom, we would take a break. But now there's a little bit of the element of theater to it. Just a sprinkle of it. And it kinda of gooses the energy up. Also, Sam Riegel did a lot of a capella in college. He helped write several seasons of The Voice, which was all about a capella, so Samis sort of a ringer for the bard class. Yordee yorda-- Someone keeps asking if any of us have hirelings, or henchmen, and the simple answer to that is no. Just Trinket. Oh, that's right! Right before we started. It was like one episode of the Sims. We've been playing for two and a half years. Someone wanted to know how long. If you want, Sam and I, it's kind of languishing, but we have a podcast together called AllWorkNoPlay. We're both parents, we have kids, so we have no time to do anything. Enough time to take a shit. The first or second episode, the first episode is about us playing the first game, and there's audio from the first game. Again, go to iTunes, or to AllWorkNoPlay on Pod Bean, and you'll hear about two minutes of us dealing with a puzzle that Matt threw at us. Yeah, it was timed, there was an hourglass going off. It was us discovering D&D really for the first time. AllWorkNoPlay, all one word. Taliesin on game one was actually not Percy, he was a dragonborn paladin? You fucking blew our minds, we were like, "what do I do? "Can I do damage points to stop this puzzle." There was this tunnel with all these moving parts, we thought we were gonna be crushed, and he was a dragonborn for the first episode. It's in the recording on the the AllWorkNoPlay podcast. And he just breathed ice on this water-based-- And froze it, and everyone was like, "you can do that? "You can't just roll dice and hit it?" And that's when we kind of understood oh, it's whatever the fuck you want. No, no, that's an important question. No, it's important. Someone's asking, if we die, would we roll in a new character? And plus, we just started this show, so part of us were wondering like, what if we die the second episode? What happens? We recorded this opening to the show that's coming. When Pike died we had, all of us, many series of dice rolls to do, and it was very story-based. Yeah, I mean, luckily we were in a big city, there was a huge temple. There were very wise clerics who were good at bringing people back. But still, we all had to roll. There was three rounds we had to roll, he might have fudged numbers, I don't know. But we were all still scared. We had to all, the majority of us, had to have good rolls three times in a row. Scanlan had to put-- The tears, Scanlan had to kiss her on the head, he put a figure that he carved of her, it was very elaborate. This one was majorly in tears. Laura was in tears. Someone's asking if we drink while playing, and the answer is no. (all laugh) One I see keep coming up since we started is how would we react to life if we were our characters? I don't know, or differently from our characters? 'Cause I wouldn't stab my children when they frustrate me. How do we feel about Team Demihooman, and inspiring them to play D&D for the first time? I think the number one reason we all wanna do this is because we love each other, and we love this game. The second thing is we all knew, we kind of felt like-- We're gonna make Dungeons & Dragons cool again. And make it open for anyone to do, there's no reason not to do this. If there's someone you know who doesn't understand it, don't worry about it. Just find some friends and connect with them. Someone keeps asking about Troy, I don't know if Troy Baker is ready. He has some preconceived notions. Answer this question I like, I saw it a couple times, how did you guys get involved in streaming for Geek & Sundry? Are you kosher with me, you took this film, there's a video of you breaking the news to us that Geek & Sundry came to you about it. Are you kosher with me sharing that video? All right, I'll find a way to put it through my Twitter. So just keep your eye on my Twitter. There was a video that Orion took when Matt told us about Geek & Sundry coming to him. And us all sort of toasting and laughing. Giggling like idiots. Someone asked if given the chance, would we like to do a live game at a convention like Acquisition Inc.? I'd like to do, although there's nine of us, so that'd be kind of-- Oh good, then yes. I'd like to do it. The answer is yes. How many of you aside from Matt have run a game of D&D or another RPG? In high school I ran a D&D game, I ran a Rifts game for a little while. I ran a cyberpunk game for a little while. Yes. The last two months I have been helping my eight-year-old son and two of his friends from school create characters. And I wouldn't have done this if Matt had not forced this shit into my life. I wouldn't have done this, but I'm about to start running a game for my son, the half-elf druid, and his two friends, the dragonborn fighter, and the dragonborn rogue. That's just how the cookie crumbles, motherfucker. Of course you did. Metal Gear, Dragon Age. Castlevania, Symphony of the Night, I played 'til I had blisters on my thumbs. Pool of Radiance on my Commodore 64. Baldur's Gate, which I played again on my iPad a year or two ago. Somebody, oh go ahead. Somebody asked how we focus in the room with the sexual magnetism that is Scanlan Shorthalt. I don't know. I just let myself get a gigantic boner every week. Travis, stupid question, Thor, Odinson, or Hulk, in a knock down drag out? One man doing it all. Scanlan, I would be Scanlan. Someone asked when Trinket came into the mix. Day one. I see two questions I wanna address. One is what is each of our favorite kill? And the second one is what's the story behind the Super High Intensity Team? (all laugh) Until today. That was the same thing. Another fabulous moment that you guys have to know about is we wanted to get into a tower at one point, and there was a very intelligent sort of right-hand man to whoever owned the tower. Scanlan just started fast-talking, which is his defining characteristic. Took his finger and put it right here as a mustache, and said, "hi, I'm Burt Reynolds." (all laugh) And you weren't expecting it to work, in any way, shape, or form, and you went, "okay." That was sad for me because it was my idea but I had health problems at the time and I had to bow out, and I was very, very, very sad. The SHITs. How did we become the SHITs? LargoSensei keeps asking, what are your most cathartic voice acting experiences? I'm gonna guess for Ashley that's The Last of Us, since that's your fucking heart ripped out of your chest. Gollum was pretty sad for me, because he's a miserable bastard. Also Angel from Wolverine, the X-Men. Well it just means get your fucking demons out. Chew it up. Infamous, maybe? Pretty fucking sad. What's under the freakin' lake, Matt? Bracheon89, you said Stephen King plays D&D? Bracheon, we're going to wait for your answer. How do you know he plays D&D? Let's get him in here. Takes a lot of stupid. Somebody keeps asking, and we'll do a show of hands here, Lord of the Rings or Game of Thrones? What do you prefer? 10 seconds to think about it, and then I'll-- They're asking the question. Lord of the Rings, fuckin' Lord of the Rings. There you go, there's the answer. I love Game of Thrones. Maybe possibly not Dungeons & Dragons without Lord of the Rings. Pike's daddy. Wilhand the money. Everybody, if you could choose whatever fantasy world to live in, what would it be? Lord of the Rings. I wanna be one of the Fellowship. Ashley Johnson lived in a Marvel universe already, right? Why is Matt Scarlet Witch? Googoo17, Arkazey keeps asking, what's your favorite nerdy t-shirt you own? Mine is one that says Mordor World Tour, it looks like a rock 'n' roll t-shirt, but it says Mordor World Tour. Scanlan had his first kill. You saw it, right? The game we played together? We did just the two of us one night. I was very curious to see you naked. But that's kinda fallen on the wayside. Never seen it before. Why wouldn't I wanna expand my horizons? Looked good, it was compact. Maybe a hit point. No, Vax didn't spy on Vex, sorry, go ahead. Vex and I ran into to our father again for the first time in many years, it was a little frosty. Have a little half sister. That's inward singing, man. And then I'm fucking singing, and then-- That's awesome. Gilmore is a wonderful magician who owns a shop. Yes, in the city of Eman, he's got a big friggin' crush on me, and wants me. Wants me and some day you and I will actualize that. Maybe in a game. Maybe not. Someone asked how do game devs find us for acting work? We all audition, hundreds of people audition, for every role in Los Angeles, we all just try. Today I worked on a superhero game, and the guy who was directing me for voiceover said, "hey, so what are you doing for the rest of the day?" And I said, well, I'm gonna go to the gym, I'm gonna do this, then I'm gonna go do that, do you know about that D&D show that a couple of us are doing? And he's like, "yeah, I heard about that." And the guy who had written the game went, "yeah, I've watched every episode." (all laugh) Give him a pencil-thin mustache. I liked it when Grog got it on with a, what was it, a nymph? In the air. A nymph could have attacked us, but Grog looked her in the eye, and she liked what she saw. Then he disappeared for a little while, and he came back and he was in a really good mood. I've always been fascinated with the mind flayers. You're fucking throwing an army of them at us. 'Cause they're dangerous. And they're so outside of the norm. I'm proud of the knife. Other streamed D&D games, like Rollplay hosted by itmejp? No. Maybe we will, though. Everyone play Dungeons & Dragons. Yeah. They're a signature character of Dungeons & Dragons. They represent D&D. Viagra. I'm gonna guess that none of us have been to Sweden? Makes sense. Pale and blonde. If you had to choose would you pick to receive an extra level, or Matt's hair? Matt's hair. (all laugh) Shave his head, he can't DM anymore. The beholder strikes for the-- mawp. Mawp. What is the most outrageous and unexpected thing to come from a natural 20? That was Scanlan. Scanlan as Burt Reynolds. How long will you be doing this show? 30 years. Matt, multiple people are asking what the music is that we're hearing on the show. What was the most nail-biting moment the group has seen? It was Pike's death. You wanna play with my kid? "Listen, that's the game, suck it up!" Matt, can you give us any teasers of things to come? Do you have any advice to get into voice acting? Learn to act, study acting, go to where the work is, keep acting, in anything, in fucking anything. Go to where the work is. Act. Get Hulk Hogan to play. Are we gonna release more background information of your campaign? We are? If you want, it's not much, but I have a Vine account that's under the name VoiceofOBrien, and I took a lot of Vine videos from our private game. So it's not a ton, but you'll see us acting like shitheads. Who's your favorite NPC that you brought to life for us? Clarota is pretty good. Ballsack. Grog, have you even thrown a gnome as an attack. Would you ever play an evil character? My contingency plan, if I get killed, I don't know about evil, but he won't be as nice as Vax. I don't know about evil, but if I have to come back, I might be a lot more selfish. Someone asked, what was the reaction to discovering you had a magic flying carpet? Which you can see if you go to Matt's YouTube channel. There's a video that Ashley made of us playing, and you see our reactions to that. Yeah, underneath. Hey, Grog almost died once. He fell from a great-- Three more questions. Let's make it a magic three. Do you realize how lucky you all are to have such a nice group of friends? Let's close it on that. I love these guys. Do we know what they sent us? Can you tell us some of the things they sent? What is that? How many times have you been hit in the nuts in your life? Thanks for all those greater than three's, guys. (robot voice) We less than three you.