I take offense at that! Loser contest, loser contest! I am the biggest loser! I multiclassed into monk. Is there anything gained by discussing this here? Do we need to look any further, or should we get the hell out? What're you looking at there, Keyleth? Yeah, if anyone wants to roll this place, do it, and let's get out of here. Yeah, it's this way. I think I checked for traps last-- Yeah. I went all the way to the top and peeked around. I had a look around. Is it public, or off to the side? I'm going to scurry up, open up-- 20. No, 22. I'm off to the side like Marion in Raiders, to the side of the alley. Terminator overlay. It was fucking awesome. Are we getting out of here, or are we going to get out of here? Let's head back to the Debt's Respite. I grab Keyleth's hand and pull the gun over and say, but for now, we assume she can hear everything that we are saying. Percival's going to fucking murder you. She's also potentially listening to us right now, I mean, time is of the essence. I mean, Percival, be sure there's nothing in the gun, please. Yeah, that's a good idea. All right. Should we scry now, though? You have been holding out on us. It's not necessarily a bad thing. Anything is workable. Stupid. I think as soon as possible. Interesting, interesting. Oh, snap. That was magical. What's the matter, what's the matter? What did you see? I thought it was beneath the waves. Yeah, beneath the Ozmit Sea. Ah, boy. How far away is-- What's left after that? She has the cloak, that we know of. She's on top of the dagger almost. I know, but if we're in an arms race and she's on top of another, maybe we should head to the next that's out of her reach now. And we're not going to get there in time to stop her from getting that dagger. I mean, there's many reasons to amass power. A little mug interference. How do we get there? If your magic runs out while we're flying over the ocean, what happens, we drown? But how? You have to have a circle to a circle. That wouldn't do it. I like that you're assuming we'll have an airship. That's true. Are either of you gentlemen smart enough to do that? Do you know where that island is? It's possible. I mean, Percival is correct, the first thing we have to do is get that gun unfucked, but then after we have to decide if we are chasing her down-- and it seems 50-50 to me, not impossible, but not a sure thing at all-- or do we head to the next Vestige to keep it out of her hands? Well isn't that where we have to go anyway? Whitestone is much further away from the Ozmit Sea than where we are now, right? Way, way, other side of the continent right? How long's it been since we left Draconia? You can do anything in nine days. What's the hooded figure doing right now? I'm going to keep focused there. They had an unfair advantage. Why would we come directly to you if that were the case? Why wouldn't we have not just left? I'm curious if you can imagine a reason why we would come to you with this rather than sneak away in the night. In this moment, everyone in this room wants the same thing. I boot Scanlan forward on the tush. Good terms. We have coin. What do we got? Did you say Bay of Gifs? Yeah, but the magic thing with the gun. You don't get fast and cheap. Sorry, that rang a bell. Sorry. Perfect, it's like Hannibal and Mr. T, together, that's what you want. Vincent, you are my twin. Help, help, it's happening. My barrels! (dragon roaring noise) (whispering) We're not there. Not your fake little star from pre-show? You just Babe Ruth-ed that shit! Yeah, Mr. Shorthalt! Yeah! That's bardic magic, bitch. This city has had its way with you, Scanlan Shorthalt. You talking to Matt? If he doesn't roll for damage then I'm going to be offended. Wait. So way faster than the casino trip, while we've been waiting so long, Percival has been acting fucking twitchy since we found that body so I walk over to him sitting off at a table. Hey, Mr. Cool-as-a-cucumber. Shush. Or come with me, come have a seat. What's the matter? Yeah, it's her again. We're going to find her. It's fine. You're huffing and hawing since we found her body. It's fine. What's going on? Well she's going to go away, Percival. If not now, later. You're probably right, Percival. She probably is. This is not Lord and Lady Briarwood over again, though. And you're not alone. You have me, you have her. You have her. You have the other two Laurel and Hardy motherfuckers who aren't back yet. All the more reason for you to be the same cold-hearted asshole you've been for the last year. Why change now? Get the job done, Percival. Well all right, we can do that. We can destroy anything you make, but for now, Percy. Keep your head, man. Now I'm nervous. One day at a time, gang. Let's deal with Ripley first. Look. We're going to help you get to her. You're going to get her. You've got to let us in on it a bit, though, all right? That's a promise? I think my point has been made. I start moving Keyleth towards that door for some fresh air. Come on. Thought for a second you also had one ball. No shit, Grog! How did you do it? Who's excited now? Oh cheers to that, cheers. So many things. That seems like a bad idea. Is he that picture of you on the carousel? It's more the grimace. Whoops. "And then Vax died." Yay. New Matt character! Do they have the model airship yet? The model airship? Should we melt it just in case? Are we staying here for the night before heading out in the morning? TRAVIS and So we're sleeping on the ship? TRAVIS and Get the cube out. Oh, it's high. Can we get back to politics, please? As the airship bears down on Ank'Harel. Scarface. This is really happening. We've joked about it for ages. We're friends here. You're good. While they're doing that, I'm actually flying next to the ship and praying for a while out in the dark. 15. Or apprehension? You do the flying. We'll do the fucking shit up. Like a meteor or a comet from the sky. I actually do, yeah. Speaking of heat, make with the bed farts, Trinket. I get cold at night. You can alert one of us if we come upon a ship in the night or day, correct? Of course, but someone is awake? I'm going to meditate for an hour before bed. (Grog voice) Meaning I would like to get fucked up on a regular basis. I'm heading over to find the captain and the halfling to ask how far they estimate we are from the island. Is there anything you can do about this? Hot fucking damn, Keyleth! Everyone knew that. You're like a reverse Pyro. You're undoing all the violence. Checking his stocks. Message from mom. Are we close enough to see if there's people on the deck? Yeah, that's the duration of the spell, the eight hours. They could be back already. It's better that they're floating on the water than standing on the ship. Then I'd like to put my vote in for the meteor. Well, we can stop their retreat. They're going to be in worse shape without that boat. And it lasts a long time. It would be a very big coincidence. a^2 + b^2 = c^2. Are we above the ship at the moment? I think we should still go. Keyleth, you ready? Let's go. I'm on your back, or piggyback? Aren't you going earth elemental? Here we go! You ready to do this? All right, we're going to twist in the air! Here we go! As we're twisting in the air, I cast Bless on Keyleth and myself. 18. That means that you and I, whenever we make an attack roll or a saving throw for the next minute, add a d4. Bullet cam! And I have a 28. Can I use evasion? So that's, if I succeed the dex, yeah, it's every turn. It halves it, right? See you later! How do you even know which ones you rolled? It looks like 80 dice. How far am I from Percival on the airship? Then I'm beelining straight through the air towards Percival. Am I closing on Percy? Oh really? I click my boots of haste, then. I can go 500 feet in a round. 480, yeah. If I use double dash, yeah, action action. I mean, I did the math at one point. I know it's 480 feet. My speed, flying, is 60. As a bonus action, yeah, but if I'm hasted, it's doubled. So it's 60, it's 120, action, action, bonus action, so 120 plus 120, and then bonus action, I can also dash. I don't know. I'm going to pick you up, you haughty prick! And I reach out my arms and grab him from behind. Barrel roll, and follow my sister. Ugh, Lego, it's all made of little Legos! I'm a Vax backpack, so we'll just-- That was a great game, Matt.