I knew this episode would start in tears. (laughter) That's a line straight from the game! Matt is very fancy in it. That's all I'm allowed to say. I also play a guy. Yeah. Okay. That's it. Why in the fuck should we trust you? What do you claim your motives to be? Let's start with that. Insight check. Well, hold on. No. 13. Never mind. Yeah. If we were to work with you, and that is a massive fucking if, if we were to work with you and Thordak were to fall-- Paint us a picture, what can we look forward to after that? What happens to you, where do you go, what happens to Tal'Dorei? You might as well be feeding us nursery rhymes. A lot better if you'd be willing to shed a bit of blood. Yeah, we're getting a bit ahead of ourselves. Are you going to scrap with the white dragon with us or not? It's feed a curse, starve perma-death. Not for you. You're so clever. Keyleth. All we're debating is the order in which they die. Yeah, shut the fuck up, sick bag. Percy is right. We don't want the people of Whitestone to fall like the people of the Ashari. You're just fucking winding her up, man. We're talking about a second round of negotiations. We haven't danced with a dragon that now stands breathing. What is radar? I said (singing) bitch. I don't think Scanlan is wrong. I think he is weak. However, she will try to destroy as much as possible out of spite in her death throes. He's learned a lot. Taunting you all along. What do you know about the Briarwoods? Really? What do you think about the wall surrounding that beach ball down there? It's a little creepy down there, isn't it? You expect us to believe you know nothing, as smart as you are, you know nothing of what happened there in the months past. Are you sure you're not trying to summon something awful out of that marble? What do you want to do with that thing? Well, tell me a little bit more. I think you're lying through your teeth. I think you want something you're not telling us about, but I do want the white dragon dead, and we can work on it later. Lies of omission are a tricky thing, aren't they? Jump on the carpet and go kill her, anyway. Look, it's never an easy choice, but you have to fall down on one side or the other, Scanlan. Oh, Chris Hardwick as Gern, coming in for the political joke! I am drawing a blade behind my back. (rapping) Whenever I go to the Loot Crate, somebody kill me now 'cause of the embarrassment I'm experiencing, live in front of the Internet. I didn't have a sideways hat. I needed a sideways hat. What is this? Manure Movers of America? She's obviously hiding shit from us, and if one of us goes and pokes our nose in there, she's going to start a draw, right there. You'll have your day. Absolutely. If Thordak senses, sees, any one of us in the same place as her, he will go mad. I worry about her intentions with this thing. Help me remember. When Pike has spoken to dead things, they cannot lie. So she wants to talk to Thordak's spirit. Who presumably cannot lie, right? Which could mean the cure to this disease. But it could mean something to do with that thing. Away from this city. "It's pronounced 'Purvin.' That's so much better." Maybe Allura knows. I need to talk to you for a minute. Come on, that's a good idea. Let's go to the temple. I've been thinking a lot about your longer life that you told me about. Once you're leading your people, you've come into your own, yeah? A thousand years or so, yeah? Now, I've thought a lot about that, and I think we should make a point of seeing that it happens. Well, once you come out the other side of this. I want that for you. Well, if we're all alive in a month, we can work that out. In the meantime, I want you to have this. And I undo my cloak and shove it into her hands. I only have one. Made from the-- I'm so used to you smashing across our enemies, shoulder-to-shoulder with Grog, I get complacent. You're so strong. I know that. So much more powerful than I am. Lulled me into a false sense of security. But I can't have you gone. I need you here, so anything we can do to stack the deck in your favor. When you fell yesterday, it shook me. Kiki, will you wear that? It feels really third-grade in here, all of a sudden. That guy's going to go back to his room and flagellate himself. I want to go in and have a moment. Pray. So I will go in and kneel down where Percival showed me and stay quiet for a few minutes, then ask a couple of questions. I haven't spoken in a while. I'm trying to grow stronger. Whatever it is you need. Maybe it is selfish, but I seek vengeance against my mother's killer. Once I have it, I will go to the ends of this world for you. To help me go stronger, is there anything you can tell me about the fiend named Yenk? We need to use it. I will stick with that. No, I'll stick with that. 21. Sort of. She told me something, but I'm too stupid to understand. She said that the path to the sphinx told us everything we want to know. She didn't say. Because they can. Come here. That's on crooked. Here's to a thousand years of you. This is before beddy-bye time? Are you talking about for Raishan? She's a poisonous dragon. Maybe an enemy will come over. You're right. A Vestige? That was Laura Bailey-esque. That was spectacular. Don't let them get jacked up. Sort of. I wanted to talk to you and probably Percival, as well. Well, I communed with my deity-- LAURA and That's the one! And she said something that I don't know what she meant. I asked about this Yenk, and she said everything we needed to know we saw on the way to the sphinx. She didn't say. I'm drawing a blank, I don't know. So I remember the more recent trip better. What happened the first time? It was under the Slayer's Take. Yes, under the Slayer's Take. Yes. Then the second time-- Grog almost drowned. We just spoke to her. I just did it, yeah, but I didn't understand what she told me, so six of one, half a dozen of the other. I gave you a cloak once, and you stopped using it. No, I do not want it back. This is really awkward, and I'm going to walk the fuck out of here. Good night, ladies. I go off looking for Percy. Hello? Do you mind? Gods! What does all this shit do? Just like us. I just broke in the temple that you-- It was. First, I don't think I ever officially thanked you for it. Thank you. How are you feeling, buddy? I came here for a reason, you're the brain, you're the one that hangs brain. I don't know what to make of my conversation with the higher power. I asked about Yenk. I asked what we should do, and she talked about the sphinxes. She said that everything that we needed to know we learned on the way to the sphinx. I don't know which one? I don't know if it was the gynosphinx or the not-gynosphinx? Did you follow me down here? I said I didn't fucking want to-- You scared the shit out of me. This is some nasty business. This is what we're dealing with? I don't know if it's smart, but I'm really curious. I think it might. Yeah, the little guy can pull it off. Have you ever been here? Look at all this fucking esoteric bullshit! You're selling yourself short. Allura or Gilmore. Raishan has had everyone fooled for a long time. I think better to get Raishan away from here, and in that fray, she might not be touched, but she might be whittled down a little bit. That's better than nothing. We have to get her away from Whitestone. We have to. She's going to put out the barest amount of effort to help us from behind. Also, we know we're walking into this shit. That's no surprise. Arguably so, yeah. I do. I don't know how good a judge of character I am, though. You know, I have face-planted more than any of you, maybe. I have with that boy. I can see it in his eyes. We're up to our elbows in blood. There has to be room for a little bit of redemption in this world. It's a good idea. Do we have time to teach them how these things work? Do you want to talk to him? Well, you probably need to get to bed, but why don't we go find him before it grows too late? I will. Thank you. I head out. The romance is over. (laughter) (dryly) No, it's great. It's super cool. Mary is going to see this! I'm not there. I'm sure I'm more than 500 feet away. Well, first, how's he coming along? Yeah, I'd agree with that. I'm on de Rolo business right now. Can I borrow the boy? No, you're fine. Take a walk with me? I need to head back to the castle. Jarett. He'll be back tomorrow for a little more, all right? Hey. Listen to me. I wanted to give you a little more time. I wanted to. And I don't think we have it. Things are moving fast. You didn't know what was going on. I don't fault you; I fault myself. That day you showed up-- look at me. I had a point, but I made sport of you while making it, and that is on me. And I'm sorry for it. Hey, man. I'm a little bit older than you, but I'm a massive fucking shithead. I've made plenty of mistakes, and I only knew how easy it was for shit to blow up in your face, and now it has. Percival and I want to offer you a means of squaring yourself off. This city is in danger, and it needs people watching it, and I know you're training. Percy-- I'm sorry, Percival-- has a task for you, and I think it's well suited for you. You were around Ripley, you were around her other men, and you know how to use a sidearm. Sure. But the number of people who know how to use those things I can count on two hands. Here. We have guns now. We need people to use them, so I want you to come and talk to Percival for a bit, and we're going to work out a plan for you to show some people the ropes. This is your second chance. I don't doubt you're going to make the best of it. I truly do not. And again, I was going to wait on this, because I can see the pain in your eyes, but there isn't time. And I want you to be well equipped, so I want you to take these. And I hand him two of the three daggers that I bought that day, and I take out the Keen Dagger, which requires attunement. These are mine, and now they're yours. Water under the bridge, and I don't want to hear a word, just walk with me to de Rolo. I'm sorry. She could stay in the shittiest room in the mansion, Scanlan. Do the thing. (laughter) You never know when it's out of character or in character-- All right, quickly. Kima, we need to talk to you about something very important, and if it doesn't go well, Scanlan is going to erase your memory, but-- Of course not, because you are so cool. Cool as a cucumber. We're in a bit of a predicament. We are going to Draconia so that you can fight not one but two dragons. Here's the thing one of the dragons is here right now, is coming with us in disguise-- We've got eight more minutes! Before we kill it. You know what also this is like? This is what this is like this is just like the Underdark, with one exception. We worked with that fucking asshole thinking he might have some redeeming qualities and he didn't, he turned on us, right? But on the side, he helped us get as far as he did, but then he got shot through the head, but that's water under the bridge! This time, we know that we're dealing with a fucking piece of shit. We're going to turn on the piece of shit and kill her. The whole plan is to get them all to turn on each other, and then we mop up the messy bits afterwards. One dragon or two dragons? You want to play? Let's play. You were ready to run with us, girl! Kimmy, can you be cool? Can you be cool? It's going to show up after the fact. In Draconia. We've all almost died a hundred times. I think all these words are fucking it up. She seems down. I think we should just get it on. Right. Can you be cool? Kima. We've got three minutes left. Kima. That's true. You know our mind, you know what our plan is. You're kind of a firebrand, do you think it might be better for you not to know-- you know now, but to not know going in and then you kill everything on sight when we're there? One to two dragons, yes. And then another dragon. She's our ticket there. Hey, Scanlan, could you wipe Kynan's memory, please? Yeah, he's here. You left with him? I redact that statement. Excellent. I see. I was focused on the fire-- Free wet willies. Sounds good to me. It's confusing, man. It was weird five minutes ago, Matt! You seem way more relaxed than even an hour ago. Yep. I'll have whatever she's having. Ten minutes, when he wants it. Well, he had good-- there's a lot at stake-- I pull the gnome up and cast Lay on Hands and give him ten hit points. You all right, buddy? There was that sideways tree? Also, quickly, I've attuned Whisper, and I've changed the Deathwalker's Ward to cold. Do we want to have a Heroes' Feast because of the terror that dragons inflict upon all those who-- What else are we saving it for, other than this? You can be invisible, as well, and I'm very sneaky. Well, the dragon would know if I was really a mouse or not, though, as well. Got that Dust of Tracelessness? I don't know how to un-Polymorph myself. One of us has to talk, and you'll do the talking, yeah? Hit us with the Dust of Tracelessness. You turn invisible. We'll hoof it. Yeah. We're shit out of luck. Not in a quarter-mile. With Dust of Tracelessness. Hit us, Grog. We want them to know to stay clear, to not attack this thing if they can help it. It's a worthwhile risk. Yeah, gather up. You, Scanlan, here. Can I do the same? Does that stuff stack, or no? I could cast Bless, do the same thing, help with saves and-- All right, I Bless the three of us. I shoot out the wings, and I glide Scanlan and I invisibly down to the bottom. Perception, you said? 22. And halfway through flying. Whatever we do, we don't want to scare the shit out of everybody and get attacked. I think we go visible now. No, we just hear quiet underground. All right. You're going to take good care of them? You're going to leave them there? All right. I'll leave this up to you, Mr. Reynolds. We came with a whole fucking plan. Do you want to hear about it? We came to report, and we'll get out of here, all right? Man, so many good things about Loot Crate. The thing we're going to release is gnarly, so give it a little bit of space. All right, good chat. Scanlan, want to head back to the pad? Hey, let's go get our shit and get out of here. I grab him by the scruff of the neck and start pulling him out of the room. I'm so sorry, Simon. I should never have left you in there. Love you. How long has it been since I bamfed out the wings? An hour? Start going up toward the ridge. This is intense. Yeah, can we get a lift? You're massive, aren't you? Two massive enemies. Sure. We're in the mansion.