It's a weird word, the Winga Stage? I love it. We're going to be on the Wikia stage. They have to come all the way from Kraghammer. What? (laughs) You didn't seem that excited, though. Iron. Yeah, just two things. I wanted to thank every Critter who helped out with Joe Madureira's Kickstarter with Airship Syndicate's Kickstarter for Battle Chasers Nightwar. They crushed it. They got to almost every rung of their ladder. Maybe you guys could help them raise 100k tonight. But Joe told me that they saw a little bit of a bump every Thursday, and that our roleplaying power had some effect, so thank you guys, thank you very much. The other thing is tomorrow is Sam Riegel's birthday. I have a birthday present for him tonight. Something I commissioned the lovely Kit Buss to make for you. It's Vaxmas. Here it is. I'm going to send it across and then I'll tweet it out. You guys can look, but I made this just for you. She's not effing around, either. Such an old trope in fantasy. You are the yin to Wil Wheaton's yang. Fresh start. 15. He has better armor class than I do. I'm clicking my Boots of Haste, and I get double movement, so I get to go 60 feet. I'm going to slink up right beside Trinket and stab the shit out of this invisible thing. So because Trinket's right there, this is a sneak attack. That hits. That is 29 to hit. (counting) 25 for the first hit. No, he didn't-- that's a critical hit. One shy. So now out comes the Dagger of Life-Stealing. It misses-- well, does 15 hit? Just barely hits? Oh, that's better than I thought. That is three plus six is nine for damage, and then the Keen Dagger comes back, and that gets a 27, so that also hits for nine of damage. And Trinket is very comforting, pressed against my shoulder as I do all that. He's supple. 28 for me. Vax or Liam? Roll a what now? That is a 15. You turn on yourself. Those would hit Tiamat. All right, in a split second I'm watching Grog take the thing apart. I size up everybody in front of me in the distance and I think I can Assassin Creed my way through the crowd because I can go 60 feet normally, so 30 feet if it's crowded, and I'm going to use Grog's proximity to take this thing apart. All right. So the first one is terrible, it's a 14. And that's where the sneak attack damage is, right? All right. Third one is a 21. So there's the delivery system, and that is the Keen Dagger. 26, 27, 32. 38. And I slap Grog on the back and say, you softened the shit of him. That's terrible English. You softened him up for me! Asshole. You shitted him up for me, Grog. Good job. There's four more of them. Stay back. I rolled a 22 arcana check. All I know is they feel like the Briarwoods. Well, all I know is how to stick my face in the beehives, apparently. Jarett! Are you up for it? Is he still on the bed? I sit down next to him and say, listen. You are a victim of circumstance, we understand that. We are, to a certain degree, as well. We're not leaving your side, and really there's no other choice. I mean, you're fucked like we are. So we will do our best to protect you, I promise you. Oh wow. In a locked cell with Grog? I think is pretty safe. I like all of these things, but I think Grog as a bunkmate is a good idea. There is a lot of history for Percy wrapped up in this and he has done you wrong, no question. But the answer is yes. You will be separate from Percival. You will be protected. And you have my word. I'm going to use some Luck. Using my Luck. Natural 20, with Luck. We may be fuck-ups-- But we're not without ability. You have my word. I promise you. On my way up, I fall in next to Keyleth. Ask, is your hand all right? Do you need anything? Is this a frittata? At home? I rolled a one. This frittata is lovely. Apologies are mine, I think. I believe you had some sort of plan, and I thought I knew better, and for that I'm sorry. Roll high! No, that was brief. I have fair chances of getting in, but no ability to cure him of any such thing. Does he still trust Allura? He did. He did question her allegiances. I think we're really choosing between two paths here. Either we stay in town and tinker and gamble, or we're runaways. That's what I'm talking about. The minute we leave, we're outlaws. They've told us not to go. Yeah, but we can't tell them 'we're going to check out your associates'. We're going to be outlaws. We have to clear ourselves by ending the charm on Uriel by finishing off Sylas. Sylas Briarwood. I don't think we're here in this city to become lords and ladies serving Uriel, as good a man he is. I think Percival's our ally, and this is a grievous wrong done to him, and we can kill two birds with one stone. Started on the bottom, now we're here. But Keyleth, Uriel is the law, and the law is now corrupt. Yes, but you said it out loud. It's a strategy chub, all right. It's an odd choice of words, but now 30 seconds later, I see what you mean I have another idea. Uriel said that-- he was resistant, but he said that he would bring me in to have his people check me out. Check out my story. What if Keyleth and Scanlan rode in my pockets-- You're pretty small. Just as mice. Magic user's choice. Can you cast magic when you're transformed? He's leaving town tomorrow. Scanlan and I are in agreement, and here's the problem. If things go south in Uriel's palace, we are then forced to fight against people who are good and true, or give up and go to jail, which sucks. The law of this land is compromised. Percival, I agree with you. I think this is the right choice. So errands will happen after that break? Because I have some errands that I want to do. Music, you mean? (singing) Kill the vampire. MARISHA and All right. I want to be brief. I have four things I want to do, but I'll be very brief. I promise. Okay, so first thing I want to do is I think at some point, I heard Tiberius talking about wooden stakes and vampires. So I want to go buy about ten wooden stakes. I'm going shopping. Can I get a loaner on that? I've got about 230 gold. On my own. It's a week, so I get some gold from these people and I go and I don't even know what they said. I'm getting ten wooden stakes for myself. That's what I thought. And what did you want? I'll get to that. Investigation, you say? That is a 13. I'll get to that. All right, so we got wood. That was two gold, you said. All right, minus two. The next thing I want to do is go to the temple of Sarenrae and get my sister's holy oil for her. How much is that? I'll take both, if you've got it. Holy oil. 40 stakes, four gold. Totally happened. Then I went to the temple of Sarenrae and I got two vials of holy oil. One for my sister, one for me. Okay. Got it. I can't. Oh, you gave me gold. I'll get four vials of that. We'll work that out, I promise. I ask if the cleric who helped bring Pike back to life is here. Jesus, how do you do that? When I find him I say, you remember my friend Pike? You remember me? It is. I'm grateful. I need a keepsake of your deity. [no audio] It reminds me of my friend. All right, so chore number two down. I would like to go to Uriel's temple and ask the guards if anyone has seen my belt, Simon. I understand. I don't mean to go in. I understand that we caused a lot of trouble, and I am very sorry, and I don't mean to be any further trouble. There is a belt that I left inside. Have you seen a snake called Simon? Or any snake? Okay. Chore number four. (laughter) Perception check. Oh, that's a seven. Thought it was a one. (laughs) That is a 17. Excuse me, I'm sorry to take you away from your day. I'm sorry, what is your name? Jameson. I understand, I'll just take a second of your time. I owe a boy who lives here named Kynan, I owe him a few silver and I want to see that he gets it. Is he in town? I'll use the meteorite. That's a 15. Where would he have gone? I agree. He ever talked about where he was going, how he meant to go about doing it? I don't know who that guy is. If you see him, tell him that V. is looking for him at Greyskull Keep. Thank you. Are you all right, old man? That's it. What are they? I go to Gilmore's Glorious Goods and ask at the front door if Gilmore is there. Understood. Who's the most knowledgeable person next to Gilmore in this store right now? Oh, hi. You remember me. I have a very important question. I won't take up much of your time. I pull out a small metal skull cap. Dented in a few places, rusted a bit, from the Underdark. What can you tell me about this? Sis, can I borrow some money? How much would that require? Done. Are we talking magic? Against? That's fucking brilliant. I hand her the gold and say, Scanlan sends his regards. Thank you. How do you learn if you don't ask? Aw, come on Grog. That's cutting-edge technology in this day and age. Well, two per foot, Tibs. They're five inches apiece, right? You can fit two in a foot. So you just bought 35, so that's about-- And knowing is half the battle. Also. This will just take ten seconds, at some point in the week, when Keyleth is taking a walk, I go into her garden, and I clip one flower, and I take it. Go sleep in your money. He's spent people, he's spent. Someday, we will get out of the character creation menu, but not this day. Give it to Scanlan. Come on, Laura. Then it'll be hilarious. Roll that die. Come on. Roll high and it will be amazing. You are playing DND right now! All right. Is she an emperor now? That's all ranger stuff? Wow. I bought some sticks. Everybody shut up and let Grog go on a one man, solo kill spree. (whispers) Send him three more letters. I love doing this show. (laughter) Percival de Rolo knows where we're going to go. I think we need to go on the down-low. Rein it in. We're going to fight vampires. Matt, I'm pretty sure it's "si-google." What's in those fields? Yes. I think, Percival, you're leading the way. Use my sister as an advisor, but you're leading the way right now. Let's do this in real time. You can handle that. I'm going to walk forward. Sarenrae, jeepers. I'm going to use perception, I'm going to look at it before going out. That is a 23. I leave my horse with my sister. I'm on foot; I'm on all fours, really. Spidering out. So I'm lasting. What would I make, is it an insight check to decide if I thought Grog could make it across this thing? Take that zero off it, and you've got it. This is fun. You swing back and forth. Grog, I think you might like this! All right, he sounds like a Debbie Downer, Grog, but I'll go across, and you can follow. Is there anything on the other side I could tie it to? I use a sailor knot. I double-knot mine. Jeepers! Will you warn a half-elf when you're going to do that? She's haggling you right now. They'll be eaten by something long before that. It's fine. Tell my sister I love her! I'm Vox. Wait, who? Oh, he grabs me! You've got me. 29. So you're saying there's a chance. While my sister's looking at her shit, I bogart Trinket and climb up onto him, use him like a sleeping bag and cuddle into his softest warm parts and fall asleep. Sorry, not sorry. Yeah. Got to roleplay that shit. He convinced you. Let's go slower. Yes. You get ten? Oh. Well, I got a 40, then. Natural 20! Smurfs! Stealth. It sounds like basilisks, but they're too slow. Didn't see me. Yeah, fuck this thing. Let's get out of here. Salamander? No, it's not. It's like 845. Who's that guy? That's a kobold.