What the hell! Illithid syphilis. Yeah. Okay. I feel like I should be very stern right now, but I can't stop smiling. Right off the bat? All right. Is Iova still here, or has she trundled off? And we remember where we're going, right, because it's all the same as it was. Well, I imagine we'd go to his home. Our home. His home. Look at all those elves. Maybe we should do that first, actually. No. He's a bureaucrat. All right, let's go see Dad, then. It's this way. And I start walking off towards Dad's house. Fucking hate this place. How long has that been? No. Your accent is perfect. Don't change a thing. It's easier than the actual name. It's a little bit further than we thought we'd have to travel, why... the presence around the city we're seeing? We understand why you fled, but what's going on? We've come to the Feywild for something specific. He and I are wearing fleeting rumors. That one's got one hidden up his butt. (laughter) Syldor, we have killed two of these dragons already. Nothing could please me more to hear that you are amassing forces here to go back; that is possibly the greatest thing I've ever heard you say to me. Him or me? Don't worry. We're not here to look for family. That would entail some amount of investment on either our side or yours. There is clearly none. We are here to do business. Do you know where the bog is? Well, some people go this way, and some people go that way, and some people go both ways. Honestly? Nothing. We're not here to be friends or rekindle anything, but it seems like we want the same thing, in a roundabout way. We want to end these dragons. We want to return the world to what it once was. Any help you can give in spite of our past, in spite of all the bullshit between us will be appreciated by more than just she and I. It will. That's right. Blitzen? Brimscythe? You should've left us to be with our mother when she died! Look, we're never going to be a happy family. But if you want to make reparations, help us on our path. It will only help you on yours. (stage-whispering) We're playing pretend. Now get in the canoe! Darth Vader. Where did our sister go? Come here. Yeah, just for a little bit, though. I know. Listen, do me a favor? Keep scraping up those knees, will you? You crawl anywhere you want in this city, the higher the better. And listen to your parents some of the time. But not all of the time. Listen to us. You are not our half-sister. You are our sister. Shit's a good word, too. Must've gotten lost! Go T-Mobile. My belt buckle! Chicken, please. Keyleth. Check the fur. Giant stones on the outside of the city. The same material? I wasn't looking forward to this moment, but that actually sounds like fun. I yoink it out of his hand. I'll take that. I got it right here. Right on my belt. Oh, you want to come along? Yeah, he'll bore you to death. He's a traveling salesman that sells politics. He's not anything all that fancy. Tomorrow. Did we? It's like northern Alaska. Yeah, we walked past some. I think we should talk to some people and ask a couple of questions around town first. Just drop it in passing. But you know, blow a couple more spells. Just save it. You can stay like that, just walk close to me. I don't think we should lead with that. Maybe work our way around to it. Well, I would like advice other than this little hairy man for how to get to the bog. Yes. G'day mate. Throwback Thursday. That's a good way to lose a finger. Buddy, buddy. (laughter) You probably recognize the two of us even if you don't know us. We're Syldor's children. This is my sister Vex'ahlia. I'm Vax'ildan. Thank you. Bog of Eternal Stench, I believe. It's not on a lark. We're not a bunch of fly-by-nights. We've already stopped to see Vex's and my father. Over the last several months, we have been dealing, a little more closely than most would want, with the Conclave, these dragons. We know that you are struggling to do the same. We have felled two of them, and I don't say that to brag, just to impress upon you how serious we are. We've come a long way, and we are in need of help. Thank you, darling. I think that the city's intentions are in the best possible place. Brings me a great deal of personal satisfaction, actually. I would like to offer our aid in service of the very same purpose, and that bow, in my sister's hands, will go a long way to felling more of these beasts. We know we're strangers. But we read much wisdom and experience in your eyes, and it would seem that you have encountered this place yourself, or have experience in the past with those who have, and we're just looking for an edge, really. Ooh. Listen, we know we're bastards. Clearly. Look into my eyes, we share the same goal. Half of my blood is yours. I want to kill the threat to your city and to all cities. I ask with complete humility. I know what I'm asking. Please. Using Luck. Ouch. I rolled the same thing. Low number twice. No, that's a big five. No, that's right, you're right. So that is a-- No, 13. I'm rusty on my rules. That should've been a 17. I rolled a three, but because of reliable talent, anything lower counts as a ten. Ten plus my persuasion of seven is 17. I'm just rusty. That is racist! The whole time I was like, that seems wrong to me; that it's so low. Shirt after this one. Traveling with Scanlan, we've all become amateur hat enthusiasts. (gong) (laughter) Is that the one area with hats? Go ahead. Scanlan, look at all those codpieces across the room! Eat shit, knock shit over. 24. What did you put in that tea, Percival? Just the safety codes, really. These are for sale? 18. Oh, propeller beanie! As, as we're digging in the corner, I say, I thought maybe coming back here I might like this city a little bit better, and I was fucking wrong. Come on, secret Santa. Oh, with leaves coming out of it. Make a constitution check. Hey gang, I feel like we've lost focus here. (laughter) The two guards are here to whole time, right? Yeah. We should really go take a nap, I think we should go take a nap. And the guards leave us in our rooms, obviously. You can make your own assumptions. Deception. (cackles) That's the lie that goes through. I grab Grog by the circlet thing and say, come on, I'm tense. Let's go. (laughter) I might have a hat for you. The other adventure didn't turn out so well, and I really want to give you this hat. I'm wondering-- fuck it, I don't have anything to say, take the fucking hat. So worth it. Thanks, Grog. (laughter) I'm just curious, why are you so worried about the theater? I love the theater. Thanks, great. Good talk. You've had a lot of good ideas. That's not one of them. That's a bad idea. I give him some grass. I grab Keyleth's hand. Let's take a walk. Don't talk shit to grass! Where's the theater? Ukurat. God, you're so bad at D&D! I'm going stealth just because. Was I fast enough? 30. Où est la bibliothèque? (laughter) By the way, am I hidden in or outside?