Asphyxius? See you in five minutes. 14. This is all taking six seconds, by the way. Come on, gunslinger! Okay, I click my Boots of Haste and I'm going to-- where's the thingie, do we have a thingie here? The light. All right, great. How's this work? Like that. If I can run right between Pike and this little brain jerk right here, does that get me within five feet of Elder Brain if I'm there? I can't tell from the structure. Yeah, that's what I want to do, and then, I don't know. That's not my full double-movement, I don't know how that affects the number of attacks I have Hasted, but I just want to stab it as many times as I can, standing on top of this thing. Where's the meteorite die? Using my poison dagger. Yeah, yeah, I'm going to shiv him in his shank or shank him in his shiv, whichever is the more accurate phrase. Okay. Do I get two or three attacks? First one misses. Second one is-- oh wait, the first was a 17, is that-- Hit or miss, it's a brain, right, I'm standing-- Okay, then I'm using now dagger of venom is 26. Okay, so that's four plus six is ten, because this isn't Sneak Attack or anything. That's ten plus a poison for a DC of 15? So that was that, and then the third attack I'll go back to the keen dagger. 14. Yeah, I can probably get up 15 feet and hang there. It was a good run, folks. 20, natural 20. The brains, the brains. 19. (jeering) I'm smart! (laughter) Aren't you inspired? Just say 20. Big nine. I said big nine. I personally can't wait until we roll new characters next show. All the fans who implied that Matt went light on us the last game-- I fainted. If we live, we're in store for so much I-told-you-so. (laughter) No, not there! What did Clarota do with his hat? Over behind-- Okay, I'm still Hasted, I'm going to run down the center over Clar-- I'm going to step on Clarota's-- I don't know if he has nuts, but whatever's there, I'm going to step there, run around Scanlan, and place his fucking hat on my head. And then run up behind that third mind flayer, who I don't think has taken a hit yet, and just start stabbing him in the back. I can't get back there. I don't think so. Well it's up to-- oh dear. I'm Hasted, I can run 12 spaces, so if you think that I could have run around the mind flayer, put on the party hat-- Okay, great. So I'm going to start stabbing him in the back, angrily. Okay, yeah, so, first one is a 15? That's a Sneak Attack, because she's next to him. There's nothing in the rule book about stunned, or unconscious, or anything. I rolled a 24. Okay, thank you. All right, so that is four, plus seven is 11, plus-- okay, that's 17, 21, thank you. 26, 30, 33. 33 with keen dagger. And I'm sticking that in the back of his neck. That's the first attack. Okay, so good thing I have more knives. So I take the other one, flip it in my hand and then stick it into the neck afterwards. That's a 24. Yeah, it does. That's eight. Fire damage, I don't know if he takes any fire damage, and I'm going to then stick him with my poison dagger, which isn't going to poison him. But that is a 26 which hits as well. And that is eight. As a bonus action, I would like to Goodfellas-kick him about eight times in the ribs. (laughter) There's still a mind flayer. This show is not good for my blood pressure. Minus from your intelligence. It's just the brains. Just the little brains. Do what you want. It's chaos. Grog, we would like you to rage. Use that inspiration die, man. Come on. He's climbing the Cliffs of Insanity! (laughter) I mean, it might get sent reeling, that brain. Maybe if-- we should try to get out of here, but maybe if we can frigging hurt that brain it'll stun them or send them reeling or something, or make them mad. Get it. Big money. Yeah. I'm coming. A skillion. Four out of five DMs recommend. (laughter) Okay, I run up the dais, land on the brain. I'm on my way, but before I go, I'm going to kiss you goodbye. Dagger, dagger, dagger. Stabbing into the brain before I leap onto the carpet. So here I go. First one-- misses. Second one is a 25. Which gets nine damage. And last dagger is a 13. Okay, so I'll give him a little cut, a little nick, and then jump on the flying carpet. And I grab Percy around the neck and kiss him on the cheek, and say, "Let's get out of here, "you bastard." Fight the patriarchy. Oh, I'm suffocating in the brain! Percy and Vax, ship it! Oh dear. But now it's awake, so-- If you can also flee at the same time. It's your decision. Six cubes, Sam, six cubes. You could get the edge of the brain. Well I'm still sitting, still kneeling on the flying carpet with Percy, so I'm just throwing daggers at the bacon brain. Okay. So that means, aw man, 17 on the first. All right, so then the second one does as well, and the last one definitely does, so. Okay, and then Percy yelled in my ear, so I take some of the little carpet tassels. Grog. (sings) Sweet bird of prey, fly, fly away. We're gone, man, we're gone! I jump up to get out of range. Don't fuck with my sister. What kind of saving throw? MATT and You rolled nine, plus two is 11. For what? Okay. 13. A lot of Sandmen in there. I'm steering us the fuck outta here, man. Greyskull! Where are we? You said we're in a room. Not knowing what else to do, Vax is going to go to the door and just inspect it, see if it's trapped. 24. Not trapped. Okay, I'll get to work on it, then. 32. Pull up, I'm still wearing my tin hat and I pull up my hood from my elven cloak, and I go stealth. And I am stealthed, because that's a 32. And I have a look around outside the door. Yes yes yes. I just walk forward and pull down the cloak and say, "Hello." Hands up in the air. Nothing in them. No threat, no danger here. A little lost, apparently. Yes. They're-- I have a very long, very strange story, every word of which is true, and if you will give me five minutes, I swear I can convince you-- No ill intent. Intent? Yes. Yeah, emperor. Just tell the emperor that Vox Machina has returned from Kraghammer, and we have news for him, and-- Yes. I imagine he would be very upset if we were delayed. We come with very grave news. Yes, but don't stand right in front of her when you undo the stone. We can probably flag down a wagon, too. Yeah. We've got a lot of bling and a cursed Horn. The sky's the limit. We don't want to lose it in a game of cards. Starting here at Geek & Sundry. For the record, I think she'd be fine, too. But we could bring her around and introduce her; it could be like Weekend at Bernie's. (laughter) Hello! Hi! It's not Cinco de Mayo. Dispel Magic. I pick up the sleeping rat and just kinda scritch him. It's all right, he's fine. Look, see, his leg's going, he's dreaming about something nice. You're dreaming of magical artifacts, aren't you? Yeah. Pretty sure we did. First of all, Clarota was lying through his noodles, and second, even if he wasn't, which he was, he's now fucking pissed off-- Well, they're all one hive-mind, right? Listen. This is number five tonight. They're angry. They were following us. You don't think they're going to scurry up the bottom of Kraghammer and tear that place apart? It took us about a week to get from Kraghammer in, so we've got about a week. They don't know anything about mind flayers, they know about weird things coming out, but not the mind flayers. Yeah, they seemed very grateful. The only person, the only person that would remotely know is you, Tiberius, and I don't think-- Oh, that's a good boy. He didn't seem to know anything, I think Allura is the person to go to right now. Yes, yes, we do. I'm still cuddling him. No! I'm holding you. I don't want to wake you up. She sent us after Kima. Kima thinks that she's in the middle of a fight, the moment she comes out she'll be all hot and bothered-- We didn't trust Clarota. We were using him as much as he was using us. It went south. Well, most of us. He's not human at all. Vax shoves another flagon in front of Keyleth. In the short term, Scanlan, are you able to send it to another dimension for a while? When we meet her I don't think we should have it, I think one or two of us should take it away. We don't all have to be at that meeting. You know, the other characters can make insight checks too, you know that, right? If we have it, then she's, she could say you're lying-- I don't think your winks will work on her. Yes, it's fucking simple. You and I could take a walk with it and play tiddlywinks or something in the woods. That's fine, what's wrong with that, it's easy. Just be somewhere else. Anywhere else. Vax gives his sleeping sister a wet willie. Scanlan! Turn Tiberius back into a rat. Back into a rat. You're not a rat, though. We just don't fear for our lives for the first time. I am so sad that you woke up. I was just about to go to the hearth and get some ash and draw a penis on your head. Next thing out of my mouth, that's a promise. Good idea. You were right, we were wrong, you're very attractive, we're all quite ugly. You saw your mission as a suicide mission, but if you had secured it, what were your plans? What was plan B? What were you going to do? Bummer. I think what worries us is anyone coming in contact with it would be corrupted. No, of course. Plus he decided not to put you in the magical bag when you were a statue. I got an Asus computer with an "aren't we clever" sticker on it? With a hundred more subscribers. This is a magic carpet for the group. Thank you, Kat! Thank you Katkitten112 for this craziness, oh my god! Just ten more. It's Critmas! Whoa, look at that. That's a die, it's dangerous. Also, for my birthday I got (Gollum voice) precious. (Gollum voice) Precious!