Aw, me so sorry. (laughing) Sure. (laughing) Do we still, is the Pass Without Trace still active from before? I think it is. I think you cast it before you arrived, or in the approach, so, yeah. 35. Yes, yes. Yes. Uh, don't? Keep your distance. Yeah, keep your distance. All right, good to know. What's our plan B in case Zanror never comes out? That's me. Now, you hear a horrible scream and a crunch sound as they all, those that fell are unconscious or currently completely unable-- 25. Hey, where'd the grizzly guy go? The grizzly guy's just stepping back a little bit. Or like, he's like taking one step onto his back foot, not even approaching Grog. Where's the eagles? The eagles aren't too far from your side right now. And where's the chasm? All right! Where are the twins right now? Twins would be back here. And I would like to hold my action and if the Goliath's buddy does anything, if he tries to help or if he tries to run, I'm still hidden, right? Yeah. Yeah, so I'm gonna fucking throw a knife at him if he does anything. This! Is! Westruun! I call it, I go for it, and I'm hidden. I have advantage and all that shit. Oh! (laughing) 25, 25 doubled is 50. Okay. In theory. Whatever you want, whatever you want. Love it. Finish him off. Efficient. He died as he lived, deeply unimpressed. (laughing) The other guy gets up, though, and he's going to use action trying to break the grapple. That is going to be a-- And scene. You've made it-- I'm looking for Scanlan, too, by the way. Kind of keeping an eye out for Scanlan. Perception check. Uh, 23. 23, okay. The second time. As you're glancing through, you see no sign of Scanlan. You do see now that... There are small groups of these clan individuals are now pulling out of homes various denizens of Westruun and pulling them towards the center of town. They're screaming and kicking, you know, or some of them just aren't putting up a fight because they have no way to, and they're just pulling them, almost like shields, to the center of town. It seems like they... "Gotta get there before they "run out of cucumber sandwiches!" Get it, get it, get it Scanlan! Get it! Natural 20 on his saving throw. Oh, no! As he turns around, and he stops for a second, looks over his shoulder. "Oh, you gotta be kidding me, we got--" At which point Kaylee reaches out with her hand and let's see if this works or not. 5, 8... And it's been how long since we've seen him since he went in? We should probably move then. Every time, that's the thing, okay? Gate stones. I promise when this is over, I will surgically implant it in him. Scanlan, can you-- Scanlan, can you hear us at all? Way up high in the sky on this one? You gonna start harvesting? I'll let it go. (laughing) There's a mechanical engineer on the roof. (laughing) 23. We're going seven different directions. You look up as you see, suddenly glance overhead, a shadow from one rooftop to another. Make a perception check. Uh, 18. If there was only six, it worked. Stay put and let us come to you. What do you see around you? I'll get it open quietly, I'm not gonna break anything! Is it locked? The window is locked. Very minor lock. Well, I just rolled a natural 20, so... I hit it like Fonzie. Yeah. (laughing) We pop in the window. Great. You guys all crawl inside of the room, and looking inside, you do notice that the... Some of the furniture is kind of tipped over, the front door, actually, that leads out to the main road, the south-facing road, the knob is broken off like someone just kicked the door in. And it looks like there were signs of a minor struggle, but there's no bloodshed from what you can see. Most of, if any, belongings that had any value have been taken. The place looks stripped of anything metallic. It looks like it's been pretty heavily ransacked inside here. So is maybe the one-on-one combat our only option at the moment? Do we have any other option? How many were there total? We don't know how many... Probably 30 to 40 now. That may be something useful. It's a red brick building. It stands out against a lot of it, because it was built specifically to kind of be the small, gnomish hovel that was built buy his own hands. So when attacking, right, once you've given up your position, it loses its worth. So my suggestion would be that we move to approach from another vantage point, or we can just kick this thing off and I walk in. I'm fine either way. Grog. Ix-nay on the elp-hay. Just hug him. Just hug him! 39. That guy tortures small animals, by the way. Yeah. I'm gonna go for the elf and cast Hold Person. Okay. Uh, we'll say for the sake of you two, you both roll initiative. 14. 14. Do I still have the bonus action left? Oh it just burned you. 29. 21. 11. Because the extra 10's gone. It's buried in rubble now. No, maybe he... Open the door, do the top one, do the bottom lock. I don't want to know the answer. I can't believe I ate the whole thing. Fuck that house, look at that house. Oh, it's so tight. LIAM and I guess I'm maybe off by that fountain in the corner of your map. Over there? This is an open area over here. Then I would be at the bottom of the building that Vex is in. Okay, so you're kind of close down, like kind of looking through the window out into the main thoroughfare. Okay, good to know. So, Grog. With this, I want you to roll initiative. His version of fear was not digging in. He's probably looking up the price of a mace. That's in the open, I asked about that first. That's so unsatisfying! (groaning) If I steal your Kevdak mini, he can't be killed.