Drink! You got Ang Lee to be in your short?! He directed The Hulk! And The Ice Storm! Get it, girl! It's a happy ending. You're welcome. As long as they'll let us do this, we're going to do it. It's got your poops right on it. An excellent Christmas gift, or Critmas gift, a Wyrmwood Gaming box would be. If you use the code CritRole, you'll get free shipping. And they are lovely and fancy and they will make a nice, handsome Christmas present. Sam will do that. You don't think they would have done that? Citric acid is pretty good. Could it be a citric acid trap? Grog. Grog has both. Are you saying that Keyleth and I are caught up, at this point? Because I know that people started going out of the temple, Keyleth ran in, I handed Vex to Grog, I ran after. Put it in the handbook. It's that black orb! I marked all the traps. Gather together, everyone, gather together. She can't do this kind of thing, but she can still talk. There's six including all of us. Pour one out for your homies. You seem to really believe your words, but you know your word is worth fuck all right now. Fuck all. It's not new, it's just been a while. He is licking the inside of Sam's ear. Matthew is the Whispered One. Insight check. (rolls) I'll take that. 14. I'm going to walk over and plop down in front of her and say, you've backed a losing team. And that's not surprising, you having been through what you've been through. That's all gone now. Sylas is gone, Delilah is on death's door. Whitestone needs to be tended to and protected. Do you know anything that can help us save your birthright here and now? I hold up my hand and shush the group with my hand. I'm not doing anything, but I'm holding a dagger and just watching Percy, and aiming at Percy. What's the plan here, Percy? Natural one. I walk between them and say, Percy, what are we doing here? That woman deserves everything that is brought upon her, but what are we doing for Whitestone? What are we doing? Yeah, was he talking out loud? 47! This thing? What thing? What thing is that, Percival? Well, start fucking talking, Percival, because we've all watched you talk to yourself for five straight minutes, and we're not going to deal with it for much longer! Percival. It feels like you are lying to us. This one's called "Whisper-Sync." I'm aiming at the smoke and just watching and waiting. Yes. What? What have you been dreading? Where's Percy? I'm next to Vex. Do I have a clear shot, not that I'm going to do it, but I was aiming at Percy, so I would have a clear line of sight. Is there nothing between us? 19. Oh? Good. So I've got advantage because the smoke demon hasn't gone yet, so dagger and a dagger. First one is, that's 29, and the second one is a 24, so 29 and 24. The first one is eight and the second one is eight. Keen dagger, life-stealing. Oh, with Percy. Thanks, boss! Yeah. Seven, eight, nine. It's hard to see over there. 15 points of sneak attack damage. Yeah, I'm not used to the screen. Eight and eight and 15. Yeah, I am. 16. Right at each other. I rolled a 13. The cloud went in the wall? Radiant damage. Yes. Advantage. I didn't roll it. The cape had nothing to do with your rolls. Three and a three. Yeah, I'm going to practice an old trick that my sister and I have done, where I hide behind Trinket's gigantic bear ass and hold my turn and aim at the spot that my sister is aiming at. That fiend has low self-esteem. Yeah, I just saw him mutter in Scanlan's ear as I take both of my blades and I'm just going to slash both of them across and he's surrounded, so this is a sneak attack, as well. With advantage. The first one... LIAM and Is 16. Oh no! And the second one is a 27. All right. Okay. Here comes that sneak attack damage. That's four plus six is ten plus... sneak attack, motherfucker! Ten, 16, 21, 22, 26, 28, 29 total. Huh? I shout, hands off the gnome! as I do it. No. Oh, I'm right up against it? I'm going to use disengage and back up further back by my sister. Is that Vex and Keyleth? I'm going to move between my two favorite ladies. Well, one of those was a 14, so that hit. There's 14 and eight. 14 plus your attack. The second roll, she got a one and a two, so. No, that was the second roll. The first was an eight and a 14, plus her modifiers. Oh jeez, we've got a smoke demon, don'tcha know? 24. Your punishment will be more severe. (laughter) I would just like to say that Pike is very eerie, yet beautiful in this iridescent glow of astral projection. It's hard to hear her sometimes, but god damn it, she makes it look good. She has just blinded us all in holy light is what I'm assuming. Skype. 20. 20. The whispers are back! It's like we're back in Casa de WillingBlam. Really, really. It was a 20. It's two pieces. Yep. All right, I'm going to use my bonus action to dash and run 60 feet after Percy to catch up. You're going to kill the smoke beast. So that's 60 feet from where I was? Okay, and I'm going to throw a dagger after-- well, can I do a perception check and that, or is that two different things? All right, I'm going to attack at disadvantage, then. That is a 14. No, it was an 18. Yeah. Seven plus 11 is 18. Thanks. Thanks, sis. Okay, that is eight. For a second. Trinket rolled a natural 20. Yeah, times two. Natural 20. That's eight plus the modifier. Plus the modifier of seven. LIAM and While he's thinking, I walk up to Delilah, grab her by the clothes, drag her to the side of the wall and prop her up, and turn to Percy. And say, end this. Seeing as I'm 50 feet ahead of my sister, I walk ahead of her. Is she wearing a cloak? You're not here. I roll that up. No, that's what I meant. The cloak. I leave the robe. Yeah. All the fabric. I take it. This is the cloak? I got the cloak and I walk away from it and leave my sister to go sick on the rest of it. I toss the robe back on her.