Let's have a heart-to-heart. I didn't answer any of them, I just left it and took a walk. What color will you be next week? Yeah, I don't have an announcement, but I have a bit of a surprise. This is a little bit early, because my sister and I share a birthday on the 28th. However! It's a big month for birthdays, I'm a little worried about the next episode or two, if we're going to survive or not, so the gift that I have I want to make sure you have it now, just in case. It's very timely. Ryan, if you please. I don't know, maybe have some padding or mattresses out the first time you use it. I also thought it would look nice in the house. I'm a big fan of all your decisions, keep making them. Whatevs. You're welcome. And then Grog was here. Reality is very malleable. I have an odd question for you. Do you know of anyone still in the city who would know their way about the sewers? It's fine. So much better alive than dead. Hey, a rare ray of sunshine from the DM today. Hey, I remember this place! Wow. I mean, I can do it if you want to. That key has seen a lot of miles. And the hole in the roof. Could I get up it? All right. Eh, 14. Hear anything, see anything inside? There's a window, there's nothing in front of it, you want to come in the window? You just broke a chaise lounge, but come in. Is there a basement here, Pike? How much you got of that, old man? Hey, Pike's at disadvantage for the rest of the day. Is there food? Yeah Grog, how long do you reckon we have before your cousin wants to either talk or get busy? Yeah, seeing as we might be tangling with a black dragon tomorrow, an old one, I think maybe that stuff off you're talking about-- No, I don't think it's a good idea, but if it should happen-- if we get, I wanted to say railroaded into it, but I don't know what that is. We'll probably need every bit of edge we can get, so I actually agree with you for the moment, Percival, we should stop by this house. I mean, it's a big conversation that we should have. The where-when-how is pretty huge. He's drunk. Grandfather. Let me carry that for you, before you drop it. I'll keep it safe. I'll keep it safe for you. You don't want the head to fall off it. I subtly pick up the head from the ground. Roll for initiative, Sam. (Wilhand voice) "Wine cellar!" I think we need to maybe have a talk about what we're doing. Before finding your friend. You're talking about Mr. D, I know, yeah. Right. It's a good idea, but I think we need to figure out what we're doing first. I have no fucking clue. He's dead, he's not going to do it. Except for this one. Yeah, there's a lot to think about, there are a lot of people still here, and I personally don't think attacking that dragon in the next few days is a wise decision. But if we do leave, what do we do with these people? They're going to be run over by these people. Are we going to have this discussion right here, in the street? How are we going to deal with one of the largest dragons we've ever seen in the air? What are 40 goliaths going to do with something 500 feet above us, spitting bile from above? You've got a day and a half, maximum. Do you think your cousin would hold for a couple more days? Could he see the sense of planning that longer? Well, that's what Grog pitched to them. Anything we do here, anything we do to that dragon, anything we do in the city is likely to be known by the other wyrms. So if we kill that dragon, what do the other dragons do in that moment, and are we ready to take on Thordak right now? Absolutely, but are we going to try to kill the black and then go on a hunt for all these-- We've run from them. If we kill it now, we're going to have to be-- if we kill it now, all the others are going to punish the people they're sitting upon, and we're not ready to go dragon to dragon to dragon like that. They're going to know that something challenged his power and there are going to be consequences for it, they'll make a display of their strength. We will. We will. It's-- Investigation, or is it-- perception is normally what I've done for traps, isn't it? All right. 27. Oh, he's dead. (Grog voice) It's a little brave, running around. I need a minute, everybody. Everybody hang back, just for a second. Yeah, Vex'ahlia, could you come here? Yeah. This is a death box, this room is a death box. And I have a keen eye, but I wouldn't mind another set. I'd like us both to look around. No, I said come inside. Yeah. Come in. Aww, you're my bestie. All right, I'm going to start looking around for traps. Well, you know, your music does calm and soothe me-- 24. Bullshit, bullshit, lotta bullshit. All right, guys, I think it's safe to come into the first room. So you said, because I was being a jackass and saying bullshit, what was the description you just gave? Let's not split up, let's do this together. Like a nintendo cartridge. I'm fine. I got a 20. Ooh, that's not solid. At all. Look, put your foot through that. I'm going to get down on my knees and stick my head through the stairs-- I know! But can I see-- I pull my head up, what can I see at the top of the stairs, is there a landing? Okay. Is there any stray furniture around? Are there any shitty pillows or anything? I totally ignore my sister, which is what I've done half my entire life, and I stick my head down and I let it go and watch it go down the slide. Hey, y'know, it wasn't fun, but it was educational, shithead. And I walk over and stop at the edge of the stairs going down, you said there were stairs going down? Same thing, I want to see-- could you help me over here? Wise-arse. You are very smart and wise. You know, we could be dead tomorrow, do you want to keep arguing with me like this? Yeah, I got higher than that. 26. D'you know, the last time I saw something like that, the carpet was fucked. Do you think Wilhand would have any idea--? Yeah, the-- no, the other carpet. What an interesting idea. Yeah, you did it wrong, see, nothing happened. (laughter) Well, so, did we never talk about that? Yeah. A bunch of us were riding it-- Ah, it was the dwarf, I swear it was the dwarf. We were on the carpet and there were runes on the walls and as soon as we got near the runes the carpet went (raspberry noise) and fell down. Well, it could do that, it could also-- I don't know anything about magic, but I assume it could burn us. Well. (sighs) I mean. Hey, Shorty, you're our best bet here, I don't know anything about this shit. What's that one? It's a 20 on the floor! Good, because it's not that good. Good job, Pike. You don't want to go up, there's no up. Up is ouchie. Oh, I thought you said it went to the ceiling. You got the fancy broom, exactly. I've seen you take other people, can I hang off the bottom of that thing? Can you carry me up? I'm lighter than you! Look at my constitution, it's very low. This is stupid! (grunts) I'm checking for traps! This is a family thing, please keep out! (laughter) Thank you. Under the bed, in the bed, around the bed. 23. I take three steps back away from my sister. You're so good at all my tricks, are you sure? You are extremely talented and you're going to get better and better every day. All right. I take five more steps backward. (laughter) Hey man, I don't want to harsh your mellow. Good job, that's a good job. And aside from traps, is there any like, paintings with eyeholes cut in it for peeking or little holes in the wall? What, Percy? Does it have a false bottom? The chest. C'mon, don't leave me hanging, what the hell! You've always got to check it for a false bottom. You didn't say shit! Hmmm, I didn't hear the words 'false bottom' out loud. That's right, you're smart. I think you're right. You know what else? We don't need to argue like this. Yeah? Why're you always busting my balls, then? I'm sure it is, but y'know, getting hit in the nuts hurts. Is it, though? Is it really? Well, investigation again? 20. There was more than one room though, right? You said-- Okay, let's take that key downstairs. As you said. I don't want to sit behind you, I'll hang from it again. It's gross. Oh, yeah. I'll go a little ways ahead. Checking for traps. Past-- I'll go up to the sigil. Oh, shite. I don't know but I will have a high-- 23. I love you, Matt, so much. (laughter) Now I know. Three-point landing! Okay, we're fine! You know what, appreciate your rogues is all I'm saying, am I right or am I right? Stakeout. --a keyhole? Wait wait wait wait-- Yes, yes we will, but hold on, can I have a look at it? Can you have a look at it? We'll just take a look. And then you do it. Shut up back there! It's easy to make mistakes! 20. Shit. Well. Sort of, yeah yeah yeah. Not us, not us. I'm going to see if I can see any traps inside the room. Yeah. Doesn't matter. 20. Wait, Scanlan. Would you and your light-footed friend like to join me in here? Yeah? I don't want to touch anything in here. I don't see any traps-- Have at it. And I back up. With Grog's dead dad. Yeah, don't we have that neverending rope? Let's do it like 200 times around. I'll help her out, and we'll go back and back and all around. I grab-- in my bag I have the charcoal that I once painted half a beard on Grog with, and I use it to draw a little curly mustache on it. Yeah, I'm more comfortable drawing mustaches on it than I am dickering with its power source. I look at the crystal, admire it, go dink-dink with a knuckle. Can I inspect the chest of this creature like it's a trap? 20. What's it made of. Is it metal or stone? Is there any way to open it? From the front? Okay. I add a little pointy beard on the bottom of his chin. Into the corner. Face the corner for a minute. But you know, let's go kill the dragon before we get the rest of these things, because that's a good idea. That's no fun. I swivel out a dagger and cut right below the knot. Wait wait, one second, one second! We tied it around a lot of times. Hold on! Look at that mustache. Can it do a double-bird? A what? Keyleth, is this something you're going to want to do in the long term? So if we're going to go to the trouble of taking this thing out of here, one of us has to use it. What about your Pom-pom, or-- what did you call him? I doubt it. Ooh, I have an invention idea. Could you build a little gnome chair for either Scanlan or Pike or Wilhand on the back of it? I don't get that reference, but I think you feel me. I feel like Quall didn't really think this through. Does it fly? We're talking about your mansion door. Hey buddy, whatcha doing over there? Also, I lost a hitpoint when he flicked me in the nuts. Nothing? Nothing. Sure, buddy, sure. Sure, yes, yeah. I'll see you guys later. I'd like to throw in and say that I don't want to fight the dragon tomorrow, all right, let's go. Wait, wait. I run back to the door really quick. Kiki, c'mere c'mere c'mere. Can you do that mend-y thing still? This is her, Pom-pom? Pop-Pop, I dunno. Glue the head back on. Yeah, glue the head back on. And then I chase after Scanlan. I'm pretty good, I've watched my sister do it. You know that my name is Vax, right? Sort of? I do have really good eyes, do you want me to have a look? Let's have a look. Let's go. Could we do it together, could I help him, give him advantage? Your forearms are like Popeye, motherfucker. I-- well, let's see if she left any-- my sister looks for tracks. You really should've brought my sister. I'm going to check for tracks. Survival check, okay, well. Tracks. Footprints. I said tracks, I'm not looking for traps, we're in the sewer. Tracks. 17. I'm concentrating on the mud. I hold my foot over one, is it smaller than mine or is it about the same size? Yeah? Okay. Well, I mean, they would've washed away if they were old, so probably pretty new. Let's follow them. I clearly am. (laughter) Yeah, I'll lead the way. Yeah, okay. 33. 30. Qu-iet. Quiet. So we're in a larger chamber and it's in the middle? And are there any of the footprints left anywhere? I reach down and I scoop Scanlan up in football pose again. Which way do you want to go? I can't tell which way. Your daughter. Reach deep, man. Shh! Don't. Move. I'm going to set you down, all right? I think your daughter done killed a-- oogedyboogedy. Sit down. It's dead. 12. I already asked that. Is there any blood or ooze walking away, I mean dripping away from there? And where were they going, where did you tell them to go? Do I know where that is, which direction that is down here? Sort of like this? Or is it? Vertical. And what do we see past the bars? 12. I think she got outta here, pal. But she's not here. She's better off. No, no, don't worry about it. You want to talk about it? I believe that, too. I knew she would be taken care of, and I wasn't sure about you. You're very entertaining and I would be sad to see you go. What do you mean? Well-- there's no right or wrong, but next time, I'll be all right. You help people more in need than me, and I'll be all right. I don't know any of your fancy, you know, fluh-duh-duh. But-- There is no ranger like me. This is stupid, we should go back. Yeah. I mean, we don't have Big Man with us and I don't want to run into any of his third cousins or whatever, so yeah. Might as well. P90X with Fassbender? (laughter) It's like an improv show. "Salty McFucknuts!" (laughter) Y'know, while he looks that up, let me point out that when I punched Percy in the face, there were zero points of hitpoint damage. (laughter) Yes, yes, I did punch him. Yeah, metal rods, and Nightcrawler going-- (robotic voice) Whatever Keyleth wants, Keyleth gets. Disintegrate beam, straight on. How will he do zingers now? (slow-mo voice) We're slow. Bet he can't. Tell us all about the nature of politics. Tell it. It's like our first game ever. Just a minor thing, on the walk back in the sewer I would like to slowly, just in case some of these assholes want to fight a dragon tomorrow, I slowly start attuning to acidic damage instead of fire. Okay. If we can ever find a store open in a city that's not destroyed, we can sell this stuff. Back to the Clasp. Big Man, what are we going to do in the morning when we get up? If we can talk to them, but we have to talk to them. Much to my own chagrin, I'm in perfect agreement with Frederick von Whatsitface de Rolo de Whatsit. By a bit. Can I roll stealth and hide right now? (laughter) 28, I'm gone. Do we have any alore root? (laughter) I'm going back to my room, I'm not eating. Yeah. (old-man voice) Try the chicken sorbet! I don't have a plan, but while they're all dicking about, after about an hour of staring at the wall, I start talking to the air, and say you know, I've never put much stock in faith. And for the life of me, I question so much why my sister took that broom and I can't figure out another reason for her to have done it, other than fate, for I would not be standing here, nor would anyone else in my family. So. You weren't my first choice, but I'm over that. And I'm ready. I will come to you as soon as I am able. I don't know how any of this works. I'm coming. Whatever we need to do. I don't know what I believe, but I made a promise and I'm sticking to it and I'm coming to you. So just hang on. I go to bed. I tuck it behind my ear. That's some reincorporation right here. Wherever Grog goes, we go as well. I'm a head taller. Talk to me. Make time. Blade out. Those dragons are going to find you and me and everyone in this room, whether we fight them now or later. The only stupid thing we can do is separate ourselves from each other-- yeah, keep twitching, twitchy. I don't want to fight this dragon today either, but stupider than that is splitting this group of powerful motherfuckers apart. I'd rather walk away from here, I'd rather take everyone out of this city and build our strength and come back and hobble this beast, but the stupidest thing you could do right now is separate yourself from the Herd. You make yourself weaker, you don't have them to protect you while you're in the fields alone while that dragon belches shit on you from above. You're strong. These fucking guys are strong. We need to be smart. Your strength is shit compared to that dragon. Shit. The only difference between you and us is that we want to actually kill this thing. You want to be a prick. Have fun melting in (trails off) acid-- and they're gone. Would three days be better than one, Percival? Where're you going, brainiac?