She brought a lot of ill to this world. Don't feel too bad. While they're talking, can I attempt to pull it off of his belt? I see Scanlan kill it, and I just step back. Yeah, roleplay for three minutes, Taliesin. You're the lord of Castle Whitestone. I hold my fist way up high to Scanlan on Grog's shoulder for a silent little exploding fist bump. Serpent's head has been cut off, but there is much to do. Seeing that-- Seeing that, I'm going to do the buddy arm around the shoulder and pull my sister in close. Pike, you there? Can you hear us? Bring me your smallest, most helpless child. (laughter) It's still very beautiful. To the stone-cold motherfucker on air. Define "legal." The Briarwoods are broken and gone. You can die today, or you can take your licks and help rebuild this city. No one is here to protect you or save you. You can work hard, start again. Intimidation, you said, or persuasion? It's average, it's 13. Merry Christmas, Travis. Yes. Either, both. Oh, I was just going to add to that, I'm sure the man can help in this city's time of need. I watched her walk up to the tree and I followed her-- TRAVIS and Here we go. I follow her up and I don't say anything, but I see one hand on the tree and without saying anything-- Are you going to roll anything? I'm not sure what he did though. Pantsing? But what's the part about the collar? Okay. He's got to roll, but if it happens, it happens. I rolled a 32. I knew that was going to happen. You already took my left nut off my body. All right, so that's challenge number one, now challenge number two. So, I still don't say anything besides (inhale) as I jump to the side really fast to not loose my breeches. And she's got one hand on the tree, and I just quietly, with her free hand and my free hand, try to lace my fingers with hers. I shrug and look. I don't say anything. (long pause) I already said it. Vax says, all right. And walks off. I didn't say it out loud, I just thought it. I wore a mask for a long time, where I grew up. And I'm not going to do that anymore. I'll wait. For you. I feel like I'm going to get pantsed by a goliath at any moment. Don't do anything. Don't change anything. I haven't lied. I've told the truth. If you'll have me, I'm yours. If you don't want me, I understand. And that's all there is to say. And then I actually walk off. That guy's going to wake up this morning and go, "oh, I'm an asshole." "Aw, what was I thinking. Oh." I already did it. You don't want it to happen anyway. I never said I was smart. You are not.