I have a little cute facehugger for the face. The other neat thing about Loot Crate boxes is you can turn them inside out and they become something. This one's an arcade machine. You are a good actor. Yeah, kill him a lot for what he's about to do! Dungeons and Dragons! We've come a long way to get here tonight. It's true we may die, and when our bones are turned to dust, carry them away in Wyrmwood gaming boxes, the finest wooden boxes for carrying the remains of the dead ever. They're great! Oh and you can put dice in 'em too, which is probably their intended purpose. And if you like them, they have many different kinds of woods, you go to wyrmwoodgaming.com. And if you want to pay for shipping, you can, but if you don't want to pay for shipping, use the code 'critrole'. Feels so good. And you'll get free shipping. And then also, lastly, this is the last couple of hours for their kickstarter for the sentinel box. You can get our logo onto any box, like this, or you can get the real swag and get the master box. It looks like this on any wood. And you put your dice in it, cards in it. So, that kickstarter, a couple more hours, then finito if you want to get in on that. Okay. That's from Coriolanus. I want a d10! Sam? Could you kiss your right gun? We're the innocents, Matt. We're the innocents. 24. All the people who wanted to go first are going first. Am I at a window as well, downstairs? Am I half on a street? In a door? All right, I'm going to click my boots, crack the door a few inches, and I'm going to hold my turn until one of our magic-users pulls a trick or Kevdak takes a swing at Grog. Between the legs, upside-down. This is where my held turn comes in. Yeah, go for it. No, he's stuck. Do the twins go first or does Grog go first? I'm going to go. Just to verify, because Kevdak is still raging, am I denied the surprise attack from inside here? Okay. So I'm going to use sharpshooter and drop five to hit harder, I'm going to throw a dagger at advantage, yeah? Yeah, to the doorway, right, so the first-- Kevdak. 60 feet. Okay, so it's 25. Four, oh, hold on, I'll save that four. 20. Okay. (counting) 31, 37. Okay. I'd like to use my bonus action to throw the next-- I thought that was a gimme-- oh, that's the bonus action? So taking a hold is an action? I don't understand. Okay. Which doorway, where am I on the map, I can't see myself? Right there? Could I run to the corner of the building that the archers are on and scrabble up the side of it? And get to that archer? Acrobatics check? 30. Do I have an action left? Action, action, bonus action with the hasted boots? Okay, so I'm outta gas. He's going to fail this one. And remember, this is happening in about ten seconds. Who wants bacon? In the shape of Madeline Kahn and it's out for blood. You mean 30 seconds with the earring. It's all right, you're already a badass. I still think you're really cool. Two for Kevdak's initiative and two for here. All right, I want to preface this with, last week I misspoke, I thought I had one Luck left as I used it, but I got it backwards, so I have one Luck left this week in case I want to use it. You can. Well no, I said the wrong thing. But anyway, I want to use my first action to shove that archer backward off the roof. Yeah, shove them off. Strength? Athletics check. I'm going to trigger the Luck right now. That helped it, yeah. That gets it to 20. Ah, no, towards you, Matt, was my intention, yeah. Now, question am I able to use my bonus action to hide behind that chimney from Kevdak's view, and the archers are, am I able to do that? Just with Kevdak? Okay. So I hide behind the chimney. Stealth check. That's 25. And I would like to use my last action to throw at Kevdak, so I should still have advantage, because he's held, and I should have, if I'm hiding, it's a sneak attack, isn't it? Oh, my friend's still next to him. Oh, then, then, excuse me, I would like to throw two daggers. Right, and I did the boots, so I have action-action-bonus action. Every millimeter counts tonight. Two attacks right now. Okay. So first one is an 18 to hit Kevdak, second one is a 25 to hit Kevdak. Both hit. Okay. So the first one, (counting). I'm missing a big pile of dice! Eight, 12, 13, 19, 22, 28, 30, 36. Is it? It's not a crit, right? Right, I have to be right up against him to get a crit, and the second dagger does eight halved to four. And I have a little bit of movement, right? I'll go fwoosh, right up against the flat side, right below Keyleth, pressed against the wall there. No. Not that. All right, maybe, maybe a quick look. Maybe a quick look. Oh, shit! Never mind. Never mind, I didn't say it, I didn't say it so it doesn't matter. Staring at him with that dead-in-the-eyes Percy look? Yeah. Airsoft shot to the nuts. Something to remember you by. Yeah. MVP. 8d4, four-sided, the four-sided. Pyramids. If he hits. If he hits the ground. Yes it is! Welcome to our production of Julius Caesar. Here it comes. That's what you said. Are you saying what's in your head is different than what's in my head? He can't get the bone or stuff, I hope. Ask that guy. Scanlan's going to Disneyworld! Head of the snake. The roof blows off. Shit. I'm going to use my bonus action to dash, and hasted I get 24 squares of movement on this board. I'm going to drop off the roof, staying along the wall, I should be able to take a diagonal at that corner and totally avoid Greenbeard. I want to go, no, I want to go straight this way. Towards the tree, and drop. All right. Yep. I want to go along the wall. I can swoop around it and avoid Greenbeard, I'm going to run past this barbarian, she'll probably take an attack but I'm wearing that cloak so she's at disadvantage. I'm going to run up to Kevdak and I'm going to stab him twice-- I should get sneak attack damage and a crit, because he's frozen. Then I'm going to run the fuck out. That's what I'd like to do. Misses. 22. Daggers out, hasted. Raven Queen armor, fuck y'all. Okay. Advantage on all these, right right right. Ermagerd. 22 for the first, which hits. Ah, yeah, they both hit. And 26 for the second. First one. Three plus-- oh my god. Three plus-- Eight, ten, 16, 22, 23, 29, 32. Which is doubled to 64 plus six. Right, well, let's get it up to the top and then halve it. So 32 to 64 plus six is 72 halved. That's the first, and then the second one does two plus six is eight, no, two and, da-ba-ba-ba-- That's just the dice is doubled, so four, it's ten. And I'd like to use the rest of, well, go ahead. Any movement I have left, I want to use to run up to the other side of the wall that Keyleth is on. If I have enough, I'll climb up, if not, I'll go behind that barrel. But if I, before I go, quietly I say to Kevdak, your fate is sealed here today, my friend. Yeah. No, this is like 30 seconds later, if that. But he's great at riverdance. (laughter) End the fight, Scanlan. It's all right. Do it. Do it! I can dodge that shit! I can dodge that shit! I could've avoided it completely. Can't you stay alongside him the whole time? Just circle him. Just going around him. Kitty-corner. Oh, he's dead. Burn him up. Everything just flipped. He told somebody to pick it up, but they didn't do it yet. Benny Hill? Borrow the Thordak mini. No. No. Beers for everybody. Set that tree on fire. C'mon, Red! LAURA and While the entire square sets on fire, Vax quietly and quickly falls a little deeper. In love. LAURA and You accidentally knocked one off the roof, Matt, five minutes ago. He's drunk, fell asleep. And they're all by their allies so they should get advantage on each other. Diagonally. Right on his ass. Yeah! Can't she run under his balls and-- Matt, you do amazing, every week you do amazing and we're all going to die. Yeah well. C'mon Sarenrae. But they're all attacking each other. Now, constitution save, right? This is real bad. What is that? That's eight. I'm Kate Moss, man. It just halved me. Everyone's at disadvantage with me, just a reminder. "I'm coming. Whoa!" "Ah, help." Poetic justice! He's unconscious. You opened it up to the dice, and the dice decided. Not me right after Vex? Yeah. I'm going to use disengage to back a little bit away from them, I'm going to scrabble up the wall-- where's the light, no-- I want to go up by Keyleth. I'm not the first one to do that. And pass her, I want to jump down and land in front of Grog. And jump in front of him, between him and-- not Greenbeard, between Grog and everyone over there. That's fine. That's fine. 25. And I land on him and I say, Kevdak has fallen. Will you let Strongjaw rise? And I hold my action to attack if they come at me. Is it full palm-up, or is it Barcalounger style? Pinkie's up? Shrinks as it leaves. I would like to sever the remaining gristle away from his arm that's holding the gauntlet on. Then I would like to loot Greenbeard's body. Yeah. Shot right in the chest. I already called Greenbeard. Okay. I'm going to spend the rest of the time that they did that ritual gathering up the bodies, the remains. I'm going to start a fire-- Is it? I'll stoke it, and then put the bodies on. In the short term, we should be able to walk freely, though. We had it, then it flipped and it was gone. And then we snaked it outta the fire. We had a very heated discussion over the earring in that 30 seconds, let me tell you. Look at that guy. Missed opportunity.