It's going to be great. We need less than 300 subs for that bear. I think we can do that. I think that's pretty likely. OhGreatLampShade, we thank thee for thy mercy. Are you sad that you will no longer be the tallest member of our group? He's shitting on a bed somewhere. It's his thing. Asp. Hole. And I got shit for talking about bears today. Perhaps we could sit on a nearby rooftop and watch Pike work. The beauty of this game is I have no idea what the shit we're going to do right now. Why aren't the priests going to shovel that shit up? What's "cellular?" Oh, you mean little flakes of poo. Moving on. Let's go take a look at this statue. Don't change, Scanlan. A man. Human. Did you say storms, Tiberius? War and combat and storms? There's a big gate or door at the front? Are there any citizens out right now, or are we alone in the dark? I'd like to walk over to the nearest one and ask. To a passerby. Excuse me, good sir. My friend over here, the dragonborn. He seems to think that this is some sort of temple or edifice to the god Kord. I just want to know, is he correct? Yes, absolutely! This is our first time. We literally just rolled into Vasselheim. What can you tell us of this? It's an impressive structure. And does one need to be a priest or cleric of this faith to challenge oneself? Or can anyone-- That's this neighborhood of Vasselheim, not the city as a whole, just in these parts? I don't start running, but I'm following behind him and I take out my Keen Dagger and just start sort of dancing it across my hand as I follow after him. Yes, exactly. I'll fight him. I said I'll fight him. I'll put a thousand down right now that I can beat the big guy. Of my own money. Yes. I can't? Rules are meant to be bent and stretched. Am I right? It's a contentious relationship. I put a thousand on the goliath. 1,000 gold on the goliath. Plus, kitty, you did that once and it didn't work out so well. You got caught with your hand in the cookie jar. Nobody fucks with Phil. Would you like to use my spiky die? So these guys both potentially have like a hundred hit points. Have an ale. And collect the money. What an asp-hole. I believe that's pronounced Ma-choman Rand'Savage. I take the flagon of ale that I've been drinking all this time. I slam it down on the ground and push my sister out of the way and yell at the top of my lungs, Grog! Your father was an undead piece of shit and your cousin's going to make you his bitch! Coldstone? I take five of my remaining gold and slide it over to that bartender and say, just keep it coming. All night, please. Thanks. The third floor, I believe. Might have problems. Grog, if it's any consolation-- As I had no idea that weapons weren't allowed in there, if you and I had fought, you would've beaten me to a bloody paste. Pike would have been proud of you, Grog. I slap down another five gold to the bartender and say, that's for that barstool. Never entirely welcome in the company of elves or men, Vax'ildan learned at a young age to skip past formality, preferring instead to invite himself in your door. Along with twin sister Vex'ahlia, Vax was born by a chance encounter between elven royalty and human peasantry. Raised by their mother in their early years, the twins were eventually sent off to their father in the elven capital of Syngorn. But their cool reception among the elves-- Hearing yelling, I run up the stairs and say, hey, has anyone seen a-- oh, there you are. Come on, Snibbles, come on. We've got to go back downstairs. I'm really sorry. Chews through her rope all the time. Come on, Snibbles. I start going, on the tummy. Morning, big guy. Have fun last night? I think you need an ale. Yes, but he's named after beer. (laughter) Can you feel it? You can feel it, right? You can totally feel it. Are you a dwarf again? I would feel it very hard to leave Pike behind in the city. Are we really going to leave and go to Kraghammer? I don't know what either of those things are. Does the poop talk like my earring? Because that I understand. It's like a poop earring. Why didn't you say that in the first place? You talk through it? You talk to poo? How far are they from here? Family stuff can be tricky. Do you feel drawn to your parents, though? Do you want to go? Then we should go. You want to go back in there? It's awfully fresh. The Braving Grounds. We were just in the pub. I mean, that was just a backyard brawl, basically. He's talking about going to the temple. This is what I think, Grog. It's too fresh. You need some time away from it. We should absolutely come back and you should break that guy's fucking face, no question. You almost did. We've come a very long way. Keyleth is near her family. She needs to see where that road lies. And once we do, we'll come back and fucking kill that guy. Yes. I yank two daggers out, flip them, catch them, and just start running. Come along, Percival. We don't see them yet? Clever girl. (laughter) I don't see it anymore. I think it's gone back into the woods. How frequently are these attacks coming? That money's not going anywhere. Let's help the city out, then we'll go on to see Keyleth's parents. We could easily get a head. Let's go right now. Grog's doing something. Let's go. How? We're on the carpet, he's flying. Scanlan's riding on an eagle. Grog's been fighting for a long time, he needs rest. Let's go! Whatever that thing is, it's getting away. We're losing time. Yes, exactly. Let's keep twiddling our thumbs. Peter Pan and Wendy. Most people just say thank you! Dick. Don't worry, my sister's a ranger. She can track anything. I don't know, why am I? The Critters will figure it out. Just like the old days. So it was killed by civilized folks and then torn apart by this thing. My sister and I are going to check and see if there's any sign of it in the area. Yes, it was. 21 for me. I'll go down in the bushes, thanks. I'm going stealth. With what now? Oh, 30. I'm scooting forward quietly. 30. I'm pulling out my Dagger of Venom. If you box it in, we can't get inside. Keyleth, when you shape the stone, can you make it lean towards him in a ramp? I can run up. It would still box him in. I could just traverse it. I rolled a 30. I want to get down in a crouch and just run right there. Just headbutt a tree or something. As soon as Vax sees that, he starts running through the grass, up the slope of the stone. Yeah, and I'm clicking one boot against the other as I run up it, so I'm going faster, run up, and I'm going to jump and I'm going to start stabbing into that head. Okay, 17. Shit. And 27. The final one hits? 17. One. Okay. So does this count as sneak attack? All right, so I roll a nine for damage, plus eight, 12, 14, 15, 17 of sneak attack damage, with the first attack, that's poison. And the poison is DC 15. With 11 points of poison damage to its head. That's just the first attack that hits. And then I take my keen dagger and I jab for the eye, and that is a ten of damage. Both attacks? First attack I gave you was sneak attack. Oh, I thought I hit and missed and hit. All right, well then erase the first numbers I told you. It's just ten plus-- it was 17, so 27. Add 15 of poison to that. Add 15 of poison. It gets poisoned, and it takes damage on the first hit and every round I think it takes that poison. Oh, yes. DC 15, plus damage on the hit. Oh, I'm sorry, DM? This is after the fact. Assassinate, on any attack before the enemy's had a chance to take a turn yet, any hit on surprise is a crit. Thank you. That's all I get. That's all I do. By the way, we need seven more subs, which is ironically the same number of heads the hydra has. TALIESIN, MARISHA, and You have a bear. 12. Yes. That was all of Dungeons and Dragons contained in 30 seconds. (laughter) All right, so am I still up on the elevated part of the stone? The one that's occupied with Grog, I'm going to jump on it and cling my legs to the side and try to slice down as I go, over the side wall. Okay. First is a 28. I'll just do that. And it's a sneak attack because it's occupied with Grog, obviously. So that is a two-- this is my Keen Dagger. That's a nine plus... nine, 13, 16, 19, 24. Nine plus 24 is 33, and then the second dagger, Flametongue, nine, ten, 19. Okay, that's a regular old four plus six is ten, and then out comes the Venom Dagger, which has already spit its poison, and that is a 26, which also hits, and that is a four plus six is ten. So (dagger noises) down its neck. Can I ask, do I have a bonus action at this point? I'm hasted, and I've done three attacks. Is there time for a bonus action? I don't know. Okay, I'm good. I'm going to do rogue's evasion. I'm going to use Matt Colville's die made of iron from a meteorite. Hopefully not die. What kind of roll is this? Saving throw. I've rolled a 17. Everything in the area. It's done. I rolled a 17. Is that a success or a failure? Just makes it. For the first Fireball? Do I need to roll again? We're all going to roll again in a moment? Oh, now. That is less. It's done. This is why this is interesting. So I succeeded the first time. I failed the second time, which means I halve whatever the damage is, which is high. That's okay. Where did all that math go from the last game? Come on, Trinket die. Oh my god. Okay. No, it's good. Oh wow, it's not either, it's really on an angle. With casualties. Yeah, Vax is rolling down the corpse of the hydra to stand in front of these strangers. I think we're killing a hydra. What are you doing today? Listen, we don't know what the fuck you're doing. Take the hydra. We're not here for a bounty; we're trying to help the city. Which one is talking? Otherwise, we're going to go right now. Can anybody heal it? Can you kill it again? I suddenly remembered my Charlemagne. I'm sorry. Not at all. Listen, we were about to come to blows. You and I are going to work this out. Words are mightier than the sword, right? You don't have to worry about that. We're out here helping the city for the sake of good, not earning a paycheck. That's how you roll. Certification is key. I've got the naughty bits. Let's quit while we're ahead. We've come from Emon. We're not exactly familiar with the customs and traditions of your city. We were merely trying to help. My friend may have slaughtered the hydra-- unintentionally, of course. We're hoping to somehow fit into your society. Not sure how that works. Maybe you can help? A hydra attacking your city. We were merely following our conscience. See? They're massive. Careful where you're walking, little man. I feel you. That is fucking awesome. Perhaps you've heard of us. We understand we've broken the letter of your law, but perhaps not the spirit of your law, which is maybe more important. We're very grateful. We're tourists, basically. We're friends with the emperor, thank you. We've taken out a beholder and a handful of illithid. We're not really worried about your contract. Give us your contract; we'll sign it. Ex-squeeze me? That is bullshit. You don't understand, we haven't been apart in about-- Oh, I'm sorry. What was your name again? Thank you. Vanessa... Shitmaster...