Good evening, and welcome to another episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around playing Dungeons and Dragons, which is what we're going to do this week, we're going to play some goddamn Dungeons and Dragons. I've had crap bouncing around my skull for two weeks. I don't know how Matthew does it. I don't ever want to do it again, but I'm excited for tonight. Ah, so welcome to my little one-shot. What can we talk about? Hey guys, pay attention to the video after our little welcome here, because there's going to be some extra stuff, and you guys, the cast, are verboten to look at your smart phones, watches and stuff. You're introducing the characters a little early, but that's okay. Hey, I'm so chomping at the bit to fall on my face, let's do our announcements so that we can get to it. Oh my gosh! It's the right hand of doom from Hellboy! Is this made just for me? Stop the show! I'm going home! You turn the boxes inside out and they become something cool. Something to do with that. Oh. I wish you weren't a liar. Smooth. Is it? He's here! It's real! It's happening, it's happening! Say Lootcrate three times. As far as other announcements go, the only one that I'm aware of, please add in after me, but a bunch of us are going to SacAnime. Sacramento doesn't want you, Ashly. I think I've been there eight or nine or maybe ten times. I don't know why. You know what? Later, you can slide them out, positioned like that. How's that? Okay, as a thin stream of wee goes down my leg, why don't we dig in? Let's cut to the video, because I'm so excited to go! Do you have any announcements? Is there anything fun in your life? All right, well. We'll be right back. [dramatic music] Welcome back. I am very excited to share with you all what has cooked inside my head for two weeks. Before we go, I think it would be cool to really quick, to clarify for the audience, could you all introduce yourselves, your name, your class, your race. That's racist. We can start on this end. Sure. I texted Travis about five times over a period of a week saying, "Hey man, you know, give "me a name at some point so I can start." Crickets, crickets, crickets. Finally, I'm like, "Hey man, "I'm going to go with Tarvis." "Yeah, sounds good." (laughter) Also an assassin, and what's your intelligence? What's it say on there? Happy to have you! Really, I'm just procrastinating, we should do this. Okay! Let's get it on. There we go! Liam's nervous for Liam, too. For the last 24 hours, the city of Emon has been blanketed in the heaviest rains in recent memory. The streets have flooded with water, and the few residents stubborn enough to brave the elements hurry as quickly as they can to their destinations, drenched and chilled to the bone. But not so for you four. One of the Clasp's countless hidden cells, you've been keeping warm and cosy in the Diamond Nest tavern, waiting for word from Spireling Shenn. You already know the task that awaits you. You've been over it. All that is left is for the Spireling to set you loose. The Diamond Nest isn't horribly busy this evening, but there are a few patrons scattered about, trying to warm themselves by the fire, trying to warm themselves with drink. You've been here since the late afternoon, hiding from the rain, and tedium set in hours ago. You've all been pretending to nurse the same drinks since the sun went down, and after minutes of staring at the wall, out of the corner of your eye, Delweth, you notice the door to the kitchen swing quietly open, and a familiar figure come strolling over towards your table in the corner. It's Garthok, a lean looking half-orc you've run with a handful of times. The rest of you finally notice him as well, as he slides up to the table. "Evening, friends." "You all as bored as you look?" He looks towards the opaque windows facing out on the street, the sound of heavy rain spattering against them. "I'd hate to be the poor schmucks wandering around out there tonight." (chuckles) He looks back to you. Stares you dead in the eye. "He's waiting." And with that the half-orc heads across the tavern and seats himself at the bar. Over the next few minutes, starting with Dren, you leave, one at a time, slip through the kitchen, down into the secret passageway that leads to the Clasp's headquarters below the Diamond Nest. And Dren, while you wait for the rest to catch up with you, you make your way down a long hall, nod at one of your brethren standing, watching at a door. He unlocks it for you. Past the door reveals your charge, Devan, lying on a bed, who sits up and looks at you. "Should I pull up a chair for this and watch? I could get some popcorn." "You know the Spireling is waiting for you, right?" "Bring the girl." Everybody else catches up. You all gather outside of Shen's chamber to wait. Four members of the Clasp and this yutz. After a while the door opens and another group of four files out, heading down the hallway you all came from. And inside you see Shen, looking down at some parchment spread out across his table, his red monocle catching a bit of light from a lantern in the room. "Yes, "yes, come in. I know you all must have been going a bit stir-crazy. Come. Right. I had hoped to move "on this last night, but I'm afraid the elder Bluebutton delayed her departure for a day. "However, she has finally left for her little excursion in Vasselheim. We've had her trailed to "the city limits and beyond. Her house staff is still on the premises, but they largely keep in "their separate lodgings for the night. And even if one of them decides to poke about in the main "house, I'm sure they won't be much of a problem. Any last questions before I send you out?" "All right, I will. It's hard to miss. It's a gem the size of a skull-- an emerald, as big as "your head, sir." "That you do. Tarvis, do you have any real questions, or are you good to go?" He walks up to you, Tarvis, and-- right up close to you-- takes a little latch on your armor and tightens it and says, "Now, bring me my prize." "I know you won't disappoint." He then walks over to you, Devan. "Miss Bluebutton, I hope you will put your trust in our "very capable hands. I'm sure with your guidance your grandmother's precautions will pose little "problem. My people will keep you safe. Just do as your escorts say, and there's no reason why things "should go any differently than our little test runs over the last couple weeks." "Once Tagmut's Eye sits on this table, you will be free of your debt, as promised." "I'm a good judge of character. I've no doubt you'll do fine. Go." You all leave the room, make your way through the various halls of the Clasp underneath the tavern. And you find the entrance to the tunnels that connect to the sewers. The drainage system underneath Emon is vast and labrynthine, but Obby knows them well. He's traveled through at least half of it at this point, sleeping below the streets of the city as much as he has above. Bluebutton's home-- Adelaide Bluebutton, your grandmother, the Shrew-- She's over in the Central District. It's a ways off from the Graveyard District where you're starting. And even though The Rat hasn't been down this stretch of tunnelwork before, with maps procured from city planning, he's able to guide the party there without any trouble. So most of you can see in the dark, but the two halflings would be blind as a bat, so Devan and Obby are carrying torches to light the way. There's also a lot of icky shit in the sewers, so better to be prepared. And eventually you make your way to your destination, which is a large runoff from Adelaide's property. You come up to a dead-end on a side path in the sewers, two equal walkways on either side of a canal, and there is a Shawshank-size pipe coming out of the wall, and water is rushing out of it at a steady pace because it is raining cats and dogs outside. (whispers) I've got rain. Well initially it's one, and then it splits. Okay. It is not easily walked into, it's about 15 feet above all your heads. 17 feet above yours. If you'd like, you can make an acrobatics check to get up to the pipe. Yeah, you are a spry-- you're skinny-mini for a dwarf. You scrabble up, parkour off of one corner and then leap out and manage to catch with your hand and hang from it. And then you yank your butt up inside. It is slick and slimy from plant matter that has gone through here, and also there is water rushing in your face. You're getting toileted on for the most part, here. I'd also make a quick strength check to make sure you don't get flushed out. Like a cat, you go up on the ends of your fingers and the ends of your toes and all the water scoots out under you. Okay, as he scrabbles up, Delweth, you, bored and not interested in the dwarf's ass, are staring at the wall, and you notice off to the side a single brick maybe an inch out of the wall. It's nothing major, but it bumps you a little because the rest of the tunnel is pretty level and clean. Sure. Yeah, without touching it, you get a bit closer and can see that it is loose. That's going to slide right in and out. We'll call that checking for traps as well. You don't see anything hinky. You pull and not one brick, but four bricks all connected come out and uncover a flatter stone surface inside. And you're right up against it now and you see a very familiar circular insignia there of a rodent curled in on itself in a little ball. You know this. This is your grandmother's sign. This is a house seal. It's a siggle. It's the siggle of the shrew! Yes, you remember how this works. It doesn't happen instantly, but you feel the blood seep from your hand into it. It stings a little bit, but it's not too bad. And after like 20 seconds, enough blood is pulled out and you hear a little (click) and the seal spins a quarter inch. And the door-- because it's a door-- pushes a little bit in. Okay. Rolls into the canal, goes out, floats away, down in the rainwater. And four beautiful globes of light swirl around Devan and light up, and shadows sparkle all around you. It's like a little disco-- --in the sewer. No, Obby's got one. I don't know. Sure. You want to check it for danger? Sure, make a danger check. Also known as perception. It looks good. I mean you'd know if there was something wrong with this. Seems fine. I mean it's a door, right? Doors open and close. You can almost fit through it. It catches on your armor a bit so you're through and it feels cool. And it's dark in there, you can't see shit in there. Okay. It floats in past and you looking through can see the light-- the tunnel curves to the right, and it goes around the corner, and you see the light go (whoosh). Also, shimmying around like this, the door goes a little bit further and opens. It almost feels like it's on some sort of track or rollers. And it slides back a little bit further. And follows you in a bit. And there's actually a way to step over to the right and go around. And you're in. A little gold ball dancing around the top of your head right now. You can. You don't see anything here. It's a plain, flat, smooth, not curved but goes straight and then angles, and then angles again, and you can't see around the corner. Okay. Despite being covered in-- it's not a lot of poo or anything. SAM and You land and do a nice little dwarven three-point landing on one of the pathways. And now you three are standing there. You're at the edge, and you're inside. Yeah, you know that scene in Labyrinth where she's running down that long brick passage-- No, the one where it keeps going forever and she can't find any doors. It's like that. I mean, where the door was is uneven, there's teeth of bricks sticking out the sides, and the whole thing moved in straight. Yeah, it doesn't come out, it goes in. And Dren was able to go (whoop). I don't know. Let me re-jigger your memory, Tarvis. She's not in the Clasp-- Okay. Would everyone like to make a stealth check? I know. Nor do you have an intelligence of 18, but it's going really well. 17, okay. And yeah, I would like a marching order, so how are you guys going in? Okay. You've got a very scary elf behind you. Yeah. All right, so very quietly, even your gambling charge here, slowly creep around the door and curve around the side. And it is pitch black in here. You guys are fine, you can see in low light and pitch black. It's pitch black in here, or it was. And you see the tunnel stretch on really far. You can see maybe 40 or 50 or 60 feet ahead of you, but it keeps going and goes (whoosh) into black. It's a long tunnel, and there's nothing. It's very nondescript. Yeah. Yes? All you want. You can make it rain with cantrips. A little ball swirls in a spiral down the hall, and you watch this little circle, like a firefly, go further and further. Yeah. It keeps going, and then starts to dim, and then you lose sight of it. And you wanted to check for traps, here, right? Make a perception check. Okay. From where you are, it's a smooth, flat tunnel. It's plain. You guys want to move forward? Okay. All right. So you move forward, in a little conga line, down this tunnel. And it takes a while. You're walking. The sound of the rain, once I adjust, vanishes behind you. Come on, buddy, there you go. Sure, in a rough-- Like one of those plastic signs that's shaped like a person on the street, saying like don't walk here because you'll slip. Yeah, that's vague. So yeah, you've got a gingerbread-shaped light man. Okay. He's standing there, like this, and goes-- And you can see him, you moved far enough along, you've probably gone about 100 feet at this point. You can continue to walk on down, or-- As you're having this little walk-and-talk, down the hallway, Tarvis, you feel a little (click) under your foot. You see one tile, pushed diagonally down about a half inch in. In a real odd way. Everybody make a perception check. Devan, you-- no. Who got the 18? You got the 18? Okay. You guys both look everywhere, look all around, look up, and starting right above you, Tarvis, and stretching about 20 feet along the roof of this tunnel, are maybe 100 tiny holes in the ceiling. It starts above Tarvis. Right where Tarvis is. Right where he has stepped. Make an investigation check. That's true, it might work, and you can try it. You don't see anything behind. The holes stretch above Tarvis for 15 or 20 feet. The tunnel goes for another, I don't know, 100, 150 feet, but the holes that they noticed above Tarvis and moving about stop after about 15, 20 feet ahead. Okay. And we're moving forward? Forward? Forward? Obby bolts to the side of Tarvis and books it down the hall. He makes it like 15 feet, and you hear another little (click), and immediately acid starts spilling out of all the holes. Obby, Tarvis. A little spew of acid. Both of you make a dexterity check. Both of you. Who picked you up, Tarvis did? Yes, you make a dexterity check as well. Yeah. Was your dex check? And you got what? And you got? 19, okay. Boy, this is crazy. Obby, hears like (hissing) and you do a dive and roll, and you feel a little drop of something splattering against your butt and burning into the seat of your pants a little bit. You immediately hear (hissing), and you wriggle free, like a cat, and scratch down along the side of Tarvis, and Tarvis, you take a big ol' dump of acid on your head, and take seven points of acid damage. Yeah. You're burned, you've got holes burned into your armor and into your shoulder, and it's still stinging. No, it was about a ten second pee of acid from the holes. Yes, yeah you can hear under your shoe is going (sizzling). The Raven Queen. So Obby hobbles ahead, shamefacedly. Okay, go for it. Five. Well there's lots of tiles, there's tiles from here all over. Great. You're scanning the ceiling really hard now for little holes, and you're looking for any of these tiles on the floor, any marble tiles that look askew at all. You don't see anything. You do, though, as you're walking, looking down, notice the little leather pack with the three healing potions that you guys were allotted when you left, and go oh, good to know that's there. You've got it. Don't need to use it now, but you have it. Eventually, you guys all make it to the end of this tunnel, and Obby, you're the first one there, you notice the same-- no, you don't know what it is, you point this out to you, Tarvis. Same little circular shrew symbol, about three feet off the ground, in a heavy wooden door. Okay. Going to do anything with it? Okay. Your hand slowly dribbles out on the door. You feel a little dizzy. Hungry. The others catch up with you. You see the dwarf shoving his hand on it, and you know that's not going to work. No, but you could keep trying all day, maybe it'll collect. Yeah, that's all you need to do is get your hand open. 30 seconds. And the way that it works, it takes your grandma something like five or six hours to set one of these, or make one of these. It takes your grandma about three seconds. You watched her do it. You've never done this, you've just watched her do it. She cuts it and it's open. It's taking longer for you. It's taking like 20 or 30 seconds. You're a weak-ass punk, is the thing. But eventually (clicking). You open it? This spectral, purple, transparent hand pushes against the door, and it goes (creak), and soft, warm light spills from over on the right. You're looking in at some sort of cool, dry cellar. It's not that bright in here, but the light that's coming from off to the side here lets you see that there are shelves lining all the walls. You see a lot of wooden boxes stacked next to each other, something like 20 of them against the wall, and in the middle of the room, which you can see mostly from where you're standing, are three pallets in a row of similar wooden crates, but the ones on the pallets are wedged together very tightly, very orderly, all in a row for storage of some kind. No, it does not. Sure. Oh man, this is one of those instances where I'm going to homebrew it, because I don't know what the rule is. Yeah, sure you do. Also, don't tweet me because I don't care. A six, okay. She seems nervous as fuck, but she's not artfully carrying off any lie that you can tell. I'm nervous because Obby is so attractive. You're entering? Okay, as you step in, you see where the light is coming from. There is a small, little writing desk in the corner, and there's a little globe, very similar to your dancing lights, floating above the desk. The desk is too small for the bigger folk in this group, but it's about the right size for a halfling. Just a couple papers scattered on it. Yeah, well, whatever you roll. You hold Devan back as she presses forward, and you eyeball the room for a good 15 seconds. Check the ceiling. No holes. Look around the room. Seems okay. You can, or I could just tell you what you see? There's a couple of pieces of paper on the desk. There's a letter made out to a cousin about a wedding. There's another letter about a disagreement over the price of fabric. Just a couple pieces of paper. There is. Sure. No. There are more pieces of paper in there, and you find bills of sale, and amounts of coin changing hands. Records of hers. You see the names of a couple of money lenders listed in Emon, that you're familiar with. You randomly pull a contract for surveillance of General Krieg Tristan. That's a name that raises your eyebrows. Everyone in Emon knows him. That's it. It's a lot of business transactions, but you can't really make out what or who. I mean, not what, you can tell what's being changed hands for the most part, but who knows who bought, who knows who sold. Make a perception check. Tarvis, you also notice there's a couple pieces of paper also lying helter-skelter on top of the pallets as well. There's papers all over this room. No, you crack the lid off one of these boxes, and it is full of paper, and you pull it out. You take a couple of minutes to look through this stuff. What's weird is that, again, it is all about amounts of money being moved around, and bills of sale, but there's no names, but there's weird words that pop up over and over again, like you see the word "shortstack" like seven times. "Whisperer" appears several times. You see on a bill of sales Adelaide's signature, and then next to it is the word "overbite," but you don't know what it means. But it seems to have some sort of pattern. Make a straight-up intelligence check. It's like carpets being sold, some weapons being sold. A loan. Sure. Make an investigation check. Oh, go for it. Yeah, you see a door. The walls are really shitty down here, and not smoothed out or pretty. It's a rough room. But there is a door straight across from where you entered. Yes. Another door. There's a lot of really boring paperwork here, listing a lot of sales. Though you did find a piece of paper that describes the sale of a wyrmling dragon. That's cool. That is true. Okay, you grab it? Okay, so you rattle it? Yeah, checking for traps? All right, make a perception check. This shit is clear. You are golden. Okay. It's wide open. There's a set of stairs that winds away and goes up. Just from the light that's spilling out of the room you're in. So it's dim, but you can see fine. Yeah. Wood. 12, okay. Sneaky little halfling skitters up the stairs. There's another door at the top. Yeah, they're down around a curve, so you're doing that to no one. Poke, poke, poke, poke. Okay, everyone files up the stairs. They're going up. And there's a door standing in front of you. Yeah. Well you checked for traps. You didn't see any doors. I don't know. (sliding) Nothing. (sliding) A dead rat breaks open and smears on the floor-- There is nothing under these pallets. Yes, you may. So in the interest of time, you spend three or four minutes, push push push, lots of paper. Nothing you find that's hidden. In the room or in the stairway? Yeah, sure. You two are the big ballers with perception. Yeah, it's a well-made staircase. Oh, you just open it? Seven, okay. Yeah. It's good. Okay, it goes (creaking) and opens. You see not much. You still have your lights going? Yeah, okay. There's light flickering from behind the group all the way near the back. And so you're seeing shadows and light flicker in this room. And in this room, you can't see the whole room yet, but you see glimpses of rows of chests. Thick, wooden chests. Solid. Locks on some of them, not all of them, but neatly done in little aisles. Each one about two feet tall. Big, thick bastards. You recognize this room, peering through. This is where you used to skim from grandma's stores. Although you're a little confused because there's only one door to this room. You're disoriented. This is not how you're used to entering it. Okay, make a perception check. Okay, Devan's globes of light are floating lazily around the room, close to you. And again the shadows are shifting, moving slowly. But you have enough light to see. You walk along one of the aisles and look around. You don't see anything. Nothing in the ceiling, nothing in the floor. The chests look normal. You open the nearest chest? You open it up. There is a fuck-ton of gold coin in this chest beyond counting. Yes, there's no trap on the chest that she just opened. Seems okay. Perception is seeing and spotting things, hearing things. Investigation is looking at stuff left behind and going how does that connect to that? Okay. But as you dig your hand into this gold and pull and up and coins fall away, you notice out of the corner of your eye, the chest next to it swell, bulge, open, and a mouth bigger than you've ever seen (horrible screeching noise). Lunges to bite you. And does, in fact, get you. Everybody roll for initiative. Okay, hold on. We have a map! Okay so, this big, massive chest opens its mouth and you see one big, fat eyeball in the back of its misshapen mouth. (growls) And it clamps down on your hand full of gold, and you take eight points-- Did I get it right? Yes. Eight points of piercing damage. And then also you take one point of acid damage as its slobber drizzles all over your arm and it latches down. And you feel what feels like crazy glue seep all around your arm and you yank. "Oh shit," you think. Okay, everybody give me your initiatives please. Nine. Okay. And big man struck out at bat. Okay, Obby the Rat, you are up. Okay, you're coming around the side, you're saying? Over here? This is you, this is it right here. Straight at it? Okay, all right. Roll to attack. Okay. You lunge forward with your dagger and it melts a little out of the way, seeing you coming. Devan, you are up, and you are grappled, you are in this thing's mouth. You have plenty of movement. Here? Okay. All right, Devan, you're up. Holy shit! Yes you do. Okay, 3d6, okay and what's your DC? Oh, it's a dex save versus your-- okay. But there's no dex save because your hand's in its mouth. Just roll for damage. Roll your 3d6. You do have that-- Okay, so what'd you get? Okay, so your hand is stuck in there and out of rage you feel the fire charge up in your hand and you go (fire noise) and it goes (small explosion noise). Delweth, you're up. You can go. Get it, girl. 20. Okay. You can do that. Well, make an acrobatics check. Yeah, sure. 24. (swoosh) You are out of movement. You don't clear it, but you land on top of the chest next to it. All right, roll to attack. Yeah, don't skewer Devan's hand. Yeah! It goes (growls). Okay, and now we're on to Dren. Yeah. Oh, you're out of movement. Yeah, that flip cost you a lot of movement. Okay, cool. No. Yes. You could. But again, since we've got so many rogues, I'll remind you to get your sneak attack damage you don't need to be hidden. If one of your friends is on it, you get the same from that. You can do it right now, yeah. All right, go for it. You can cut her hand off? If you want to try to pry its mouth open or something you could. Oh, also Delweth, your sword sticks, it doesn't come out. Go for it. Okay, that hits. Yeah, roll the initial attack first. Do your damage without it. Yep. 13. Nice. So your pint-sized charge here and the thing is slobbering all over her hand, not paying too much attention to you and you're able to go (stabs) and shove it right under one of its teeth that's sticking out and it starts bleeding down the blade and you go (grunts). Your dagger is adhered to the creature, not coming off, your hand is okay but the dagger is in it. Or what'd you say, shortsword? Shortsword is sticking out of this thing and you cannot get it out, wedging back and forth. Hey, Siri. Yeah, you can jump back and it can't get a free swipe at you. Okay, where do you want to go? Here? Delweth, here? Yeah, yes you can. Boop, and you hop up on a chest, all right. And now we're on to you, Tarvis. Yes. Here, yes. Your sword along the face? Yeah, you go (scraping). You drag it across and this jagged line goes (scraping). All the way across. You break the lock, the thin old rusted lock on the fourth one. Nothing happens. Okay, it's at that moment that Obby, behind you, you hear (growling) and over your shoulder, you see another one, a smaller one, but this one starts to pustulate and get little bubbles all over it and eyes go pop, pop, pop, all over and it goes (screech). It takes a bite at you, but you are so scared shitless from the sound that comes out behind you, you juke to the left and it goes (screech) and didn't get you and now it's your turn. 13 hits. That's right. You just Julius Caesar-ed it, yeah. Oh, ten total? Okay. Your dagger is stuck in its butt. Which one? You're going to take your crowbar and try to ram it open? Okay, make a strength check. 15. You jam it in there and pull as hard as you can. It does open, your hand is exposed, your crowbar is stuck. That's where we'll end that. Devan, we're on to you. Yeah, you can make a strength check with advantage. You see bits of halfling skin on the thing's tongue and you are free. That is your action. Yeah. Nicely done, you are now safe for the moment. Delweth, you are up. Okay, Acid Splash is just 1d6, yeah? Read that spell for me real quick so I don't have to flip a million pages. There it is. No, I got it. 1d6, succeed on a-- What's your spell DC? Oh, you know what? Doesn't matter. I know. Your hand extends out over it and glows a dark green and black swirl of color and acid goes (dripping) and runs down over its eyes and face and then washes off like water on a duck's back. And knowing is half the battle. You do have a bonus action, sure. Okay, which way do you want to go? All right, how about right there? Dren, you're up. Say again. It's at the very beginning of the fight if you get the jump on them. Big guy or little guy? The big guy? You got a 20, that hits. Plus sneak attack damage because Obby's got its-- What was the weapon? The thing's got its mouth open from where Obby pried it open and Devan got away and your bolt goes (impact) and gets it right in the eye. (grunting) It's still going, though. Tarvis, you're up. Big guy. You're going to go to him? Okay, you're there. Okay. All right, roll to attack. Ten? Total? Yeah, you really wanted to get at that anus so bad, you went around and tried to get at it and it snapped right at your junk, at the last second you went oh jeez and pulled back and did not get to the anus. Okay, the mimic, having a great shot at your junk right now, bites your junk. You feel teeth sink into your abdomen, and into your junk a little bit. You take 11 piercing damage and the acid leaks in after it for five. (growling) Yep, that's the end of that, now the little one (screech), it was almost a natural 20 but it wasn't, it doesn't try to bite you but a little glob of its body goes (whipping noise) and you feel a little whip hit in the air right by your ear, didn't hit you though. And now it's your turn. You take your dagger and in rage for your friend, you bring it down and it sinks into the forearm of your friend. You take two points of piercing damage. Things go wrong sometimes. You can totally do that, yep, you're good. It goes (yapping) as you leave. Now it is Devan, your turn. The big one? You probably need a clear line of sight-- Go for it. Your bonus is six, so 20 and add six. What'd you get? Ten. The frost totally freezes the chest next to it shut. You still have a little bit of movement if you like. Over here? Okay and now we're on Tarvis. Wait, no, sorry, I'm out of order, Delweth. All the frigging 'D' names on this list. Okay, you can do that, sure. Okay, go for it. Oh, it's a con save for my guy. And it does not. I don't think you can-- ooh stealth spell, hmm, curious. No sneak attack damage on a spell, but it does sputter and froth comes out of its mouth and it pivots towards you. And now we're on Dren. You do, sorry, yes. You're out of movement though, to get there, hopping on the barrels. It's looking right at you. You're not going to be able to hide. It doesn't get it, it's still slobbering-- (dying noise) All right, so Dren. The big dude see you? Kind of, it's got one eye with a crossbow bolt in it. Yeah, it's surrounded. This is Julius Caesar time here. Are you throwing something or are you moving over there? How do you want to do this? (cheering) What happened to the crossbow? You pull a bolt out and go, "Fuck it," and ram it down into its protruding, bulbous purplish gums and stab it and it goes (gurgling) and vomit spills out of it and goes all over Tarvis' feet. Anything else you want to do? Yeah okay. Tarvis, what would you like to do? Dropping blood as you go. No, his boots are already burned from acid, I think they made a nice little crust on the bottom. That's correct. It's got to be within five feet of his friend. What'd you get there? Ten, oh man, your guts are-- you're lucky they're not spilling out, and you are in so much pain that you swing and cramp and burning pain up to the nipple, up to the horse nipple, and your sword goes into a regular chest next to the thing. Now it is the mimic's turn and it goes (snickering) and another gooey rubber band punches out at you-- Yeah, you can. I'm going to say that's as far as you get, and the little booger that came out and went (whiplash), but didn't reach you. Now it is Obby the Rat's turn. Yes, that hits. Seven points, okay, and you use what weapon? Dagger, okay. You jam the dagger down into one of its 50 eyes, and it goes in diagonal, and this fucking knife is glued onto this creature's body. Keep track of your daggers, guys. Jesus, make a dexterity check at disadvantage. No. You go, (grabbing noises) "Oh shit." And that's it, you are staying put. Now we're back to Devan. The one that he dragged his blade across? What do you want to do? They look like scarred chests. Yeah you do, it's full of electrum. Coins. Okay. No, nothing's biting you, you get, I don't know, 80, 100, 120 pieces of electrum into the hood of your cloak. It's another currency. All right, do you want to move any more? Or are you going to stay here and drool on the coin? Cool, okay, Delweth, you are up! You go. So noxious gray-purple fume floats-- You don't need to do anything. It needs to do something. It just happens. No, it does terribly again, so another poof of awful surrounds the thing. Roll for damage. No, but it looks really miserable. The shape is changing and it looks more like a chest and then less like a chest and the eyes shrink back in and go bloodshot. It looks disgusting, it doesn't look happy. And we are now onto Dren. It's sitting there sticking out of him. 15 hits. Roll for damage plus sneak attack damage. Okay, so you stand coolly looking at it. You watch as Delweth sends out this poof of noxious gas around it. It sputters, it shifts, it changes. You coolly go (crossbow bolt firing) (gurgling screams). I'd love to hear a haiku. Do you have one ready for us? So the room falls quiet, there are two slobbery disgusting messes with daggers and your shortsword is sticking out of it and you're surrounded by money. Yes. Why don't you roll against it? Let's do straight charisma. I'm sure I'm fudging it, but eh. It's a different value than gold. No, less than gold. Yeah, it takes like a minute and a half, but without the thing trying to bite you, you are able to plant your foot on it, just the edge, the corner of your boot and pull for a while and it does come free. It's okay, it smells bad. Yeah, I mean it's not as pretty as when you got it at the shop, but it's functional. In here there are shelves lining these walls as well, and there's clay pots with more coins in them, and you see a tray with ingots, it looks like gold. There's bolts of very fine fabric. You open one box that is full of precious stones. Box is about this big. For traps? Okay, make a perception check. Anyone who wants to check, make a perception check. There is another door. In the interest of time, you all fan out, open everything you can find, drag your hand through chests full of wealth. There is a lot of money here. There is no giant emerald. Make a stealth check. Coins are spilling around your feet going (clinking). Three minutes later they come out. She's wearing some above-average robes and a nice fur-lined cloak. You'll win it back. Obviously? Okay. Biggest one in the box. All right. Are we moving out? Make a perception check. Did you make a perception check already? Okay. Make a perception check. This is a plain room full of money. No, it's been a while, think about it. Above here is your grandmother's office. The office leads to the rest of the first floor. Things spill off, a couple of things break as they hit the ground. Just a plain wall behind it. It is wood. Well you checked already, you didn't find any. Okay. The door goes (squeak). It is not locked, it is not trapped that you can tell. Okay. And you're in the lead, Dren? Did I hear that right? Yeah, you're going up ahead? Okay, so you creep up, and you come up a stairway, with little walls on each side, and you start to see the insides of a nice office. She's got a thing for these little globes of light. You come up into a fairly well-lit room, it's big, you're on one end of a large office. And the first thing you see over there seems to be desk tables, stuff you associate with an office. But right where you're coming out, you see in the middle of the floor going up to the ceiling a weird looking brass column, going from the floor all the way up to the ceiling. And there are constellations that you are familiar with from books and from living in Emon as long as you have, spiraling beautifully all the way up this column, up to the ceiling. And then around that are dog beds, five dog beds. You also see a really large bone in the largest one. You see a ragged hydra doll with a couple of heads ripped away, and it looks like it's been whipped around ragged. There's a crude leather ball made out of leather fabric wrapped up, and that's this side of the room. She didn't have dogs when you lived here. Are you up there? Doorway then stairs up out of this basement. So you're going up to the top of the stairs? Polished wood. And from where you can see, you see a couple of dog beds. You don't see them all yet because you aren't that far into the room. Aside from the dog beds, it looks like a very beautiful room. Make a perception check. 14? Yeah, on the dog beds you do see very short, not a lot, and not long hairs, like short hair. Bristly almost. Oh it's like 20 feet up. It's a very beautiful room. There's a couple on this side of the room, there's two of these floating globes. Okay. Coming around now you can see all the dog beds, obviously this column and then you look over to the side, and you see the office proper. You see a large, beautiful desk. First thing you see are two double doors that enter here, and then there is a very impressive full-sized desk facing that, there is a little wooden chair. Like coming in for the interview. Yeah, if it's a long room, and coming up here is where the dog beds are, and the column, and then here's the middle with this desk, and the entrance, and then further over this way there's more. But it's a beautiful desk, and the chair, it's like a miniature throne with little wooden steps up the side of it, and you can see the seat is higher than you would think it would be, for you at least. And there's a beautiful globe in a brass fixture on one side of the desk. On the other side is a bookstand, like a bible stand if you've ever seen one with a huge book with red ink in it and a red ribbon hanging down. The binding of it looks tan-colored, maybe leather. There's a huge table on the far end of the room with papers scattered all over it. There are two windows to your right here. The rain is still coming down in sheets. They're like ship porthole windows, circular, two of them on the side you came up on. The rain is (crashing) against the side of it, all the way across the room. Same right behind you where you came up. What did you roll? You poke at them. They're soft, comfortable, warm, they smell mildly like pee. Make a nature check. There's dog toys sitting around here; it does smell like dog in the room. The house is quiet, other than the rain. Make a roll and add your charisma bonus. Great. Clobbered. Yeah, I don't know. Sure. You check out the column first. It's beautifully made of brass. It's very ornate. No, you fiddle with it for a minute. It does seem strange in the middle of a room. It doesn't look like it's supporting anything. Meets at the ceiling. In fact, it looks like it goes into the ceiling. In this room? Not in this room. Okay. You don't find dog doors. You do find a wet bar hidden off to the side, on the other side of where the-- yeah, old lady don't play. And there's paper, you take a cursory glance at the papers scattered on the large, long table, chairs around it. There's an invitation from a Lord and Lady Caldouin for a literary salon. Plenty in the wet bar. I don't know what that is, but there's elven wine, there's firewater. Yeah. What languages do you speak? You can't read it, then. It is beautiful, but a little unsettling. You don't remember that. (hollow ringing) ASHLY and The metal felt thick to the hit. You go through. You find more paper in there, more parchments. There's more business in there. There's more "flapjack," more "whisper." "Tiddlywink" is a name that shows up. No. There's quills, an empty journal, the equivalent in Emon of a Farmer's Almanac talking about the cycles of the moon and weather. Yes, make a perception check. Big, massive book on a bible stand. You feel under, knock on it. You know what to do in these instances, you know to look for hidden catches. You're not finding anything. The big book? Yeah, okay. What languages do you speak? It's a planet globe, and you can't read what's on that, either. You spin it around, look at it for a while, you do recognize the coast of Emon. Anyone can try anything, and someone could succeed where someone else failed. You go, "I, I, I, want the knife." You know how big the house is. You're on the back side of the house. You know that through those double doors is the main hallway of the first floor. There's other rooms in the house; there's a kitchen, dining room, library, and sitting room for guests. Out at the front of the house are where the twin sets of staircases are that lead up to the second floor, to your old bedroom, and to the hall. Are you going to go on a little march? Make a perception check. You trace your fingers lightly along the edges of the door, look for the telltale signs that you all have trained to find. You don't see anything. Yes. You're looking in. The only light is coming from this room, but a dark long hallway that stretches about 80 feet. 60ish. No, you see some potted plants and a nice red carpet disappearing a little bit into the darkness. So you guys slowly creep your way down. Everybody make a stealth check. Really? You quietly move your way down, this one bumps a potted plant on the way-- Everybody holds still for a second. Nothing. You continue on, you eventually meet another set of doors, just like the ones you went through. You know this leads to the front of the house. Make a perception check. Tickle the door open with this spectral hand, sticks its pinkie into the keyhole. Seems fine, nothing's happening. It's two. You see the red carpet actually continues into the next room, and you can barely see two sets of stairways coming down along the sides of this path and this carpet. You can see a very beautiful set of large doors with circular windows, one on each side, and you see the rain coming down. You also can make out a person at a distance walking by-- About ten or 15 feet, yeah. You see a coat tree right by the door, and then a little table to the other side of it with a pair of white gloves sitting on it. Painting of some old halfling man with a curly little moustache- Do you know why the call me Obby the Rat? There's nothing there. You were so fixated on the guy outside. There's a door on the side of this room, and on the other side as well. There's stairs leading up to it. There's a library on the right. Her bedroom is on the third floor. Your bedroom is on the second floor. There's a guest bedroom up there too, and the funtime hall is up there as well. All right, who's going to the library, to the right? Okay. All right, you head in there. First of all, you, Tarvis, look out the window. It's not a man. It's a woman. It's a large woman, with shock white hair and massive arms. Yeah. Well she's got a cloak with a hood, and you can see the hair spilling out. She looked right at the house a moment ago, but she didn't look at you. She just glanced over-- Yeah, and you can even see further in the distance, like another 60 feet away is a gate to the rest of the city, out of her grounds. You can barely, in this heavy rain, see two more guys, standing on the other side. So you guys split off to the library? You can see in here. It's totally dark, but bookshelves curve all the way around the entirety of this room. There's one of those rolling ladders that slides along to reach the books on the top shelf. There's a nice loveseat with a small side table next to it. There's a book, open, upside down, on the table. You do notice wedged amongst all the books of history, philosophy, and arcana one erotic novel. Meanwhile, in the tea room, it is also really dark in here. It's you two? You can't see shit, but you can see a beautiful little round table with a china set out, white and blue plates. It's hard to see that in the dark. It looks more like white and black. There's a little rolling tea table with sugar bowl and all the stuff. There's also, what's the word? Not an armoire-- That's what it is! A buffet with a couple of silver platters placed neatly for presentational purpose. Looks like a presenting room or sitting room. You hear a woman's voice sneeze outside the window. Yeah, not right outside it, a little ways away. Through the heavy sound of the rain. The one in here? Sure. Sure there are. There's silverware, napkins, really nice napkins, and tablecloths. You all have your weapons, so I'm going to say you guys took a couple minutes earlier to yank them out of the monstrosity downstairs. Yes, she's picking her nose quite vigorously right now. They're identical, they're twin stairs going to the same destination. You can tell even from down here. You head up those stairs. I'll say you quietly move your way up. Roll it. Obby actually slips under Tarvis' legs and then disappears through his cloak, and everyone loses track for a second. He's gone. You move up those stairs. Directly in front of you guys, you see doors that you recognize. They're the doors to the hall. You also know that right over here, over your shoulder, is your old room. There's a guest bedroom across the hall. Coming up the stairs, you see double doors right in front of you. And then, you look over your shoulders, there's doors on the sides and behind you. Yeah, and there's a curving stairway directly behind you guys that goes to the third floor. Are you taking them over to your room? You open the door. You can't see into the dark. But you guys, looking in in the dim light, see nothing in this room except for furniture grouped together with sheets over it for storage. There is a chaise lounge with two beautiful wooden chairs sitting on top of it. Not bedroom furniture at all. Under that sheet, yeah. Two more. Oh my god! A large table, and on top of the table, lying on its side, is a little dresser drawer. You lift one drawer up, and it's empty. You'd say it was shoved in here for storage. It is another love seat like the one that you saw down in the library. It's identical, actually. Stuffing pops out. Do the roll. It's empty. The room, the furniture wasn't even taking up that much space in here. It looks like Grandma cleared it out, and started storing shit in here. Ghosts, there's ghosts everywhere. Make a stealth check. Okay. Yeah, you walk behind her and tie it. I'll actually say it's slightly above medium tight, because he couldn't see. Okay, what's up, guys? You twiddle your hand, your Mage Hand, all over it. You spend a minute doing it, because you're feeling nervous. Seems okay. You're thorough. It's not locked. No. It's not a knob. It's one of those-- The door swings open in front of you and that's where we'll take our break. [break] I hope you're all having fun inside my house of horrors! Well let's get back into it. As you open the doors before you, you are met with quite a sight. The hall is well-lit by the same amber baubles floating in space all down the hallway. Stretches out about 80, 90 feet ahead of you. The hallway is absolutely littered with countless strange, extraordinary, and occasionally off-putting objects. This is Taliesin Jaffe's wet dream. Objects of beauty and horror are mixed together in a crazed jumble along each side of this hall. There are paintings hanging all the way down, each more unsettling than the one before. A large fish skeleton hangs way down on the other end of the hall. It looks about fifteen feet long. Things right nearby that you spot there are a crude pair of heavy black iron tongs; a unicorn fetus in a very large jar, pickled and curled in on itself; a set of eerie looking dolls, beautifully crafted but with no eyes, the front plate smashed in; stacks of books everywhere; a large stuffed bear rearing back, with a giant open snarl. Then all the way down the hall, you see ornate, gothic, creepy as fuck looking chandeliers. Three of them, evenly spaced down the hall and they look like cruel teeth pointed downward but they are gorgeous. They're stunning to look at. You almost don't know whether to shit or go blind. You don't know where to look; there's so much stuff. And you've seen this before. Most of it. There's new things here. Things you haven't seen, and you're overwhelmed, you're short-circuiting with all the things you're looking at around you. You look over your shoulder, and you see that. There's two of them on the walls, to the side of both doors. They're black with a red barren tree in winter painted identically on each one hanging decoratively. You place your hand, and you have to reach pretty high, but you get up on your tiptoes and reach and you push, and you feel it go (clunk). You dig your nails onto the curve and (click) back to where it was. Left right left right? (click) Nope. I'll also remind you that there were two doors that she opened using blood. Obby, as she's rattling this off, you're spacing out, looking around the room, checking out the artwork on the wall. The one right above you is of a ship, splitting open on the sea and the crews are plunging into the waves in the center of it. You look across the hall. Over there is one of mourners at an open grave, filled to the brim with blood. You also look around and notice a gorgeous metallic egg, studded with jewels, all around it. Beautiful. This big. A little bit bigger than a regular egg. A teapot made out of... it looks like bone. Is there a what? You remember where it was. It's not there. The wall is smooth. There was a third step too; you remember what it was? You give a knock. You can, yeah. Is that what you're doing? Sure, make a perception check. No, they were hanging up on the sides of the doors decoratively. Yeah, the ones you came in. The floor, sure. Investigation check. Tarvis, you see poking out of the edge of the carpet-- you know how downstairs there was a long red carpet? There's one here as well. You see a bit of scrawl, something poking out of the edge of the rug about eight feet in front of you. Not off-hand, no. No bowl. You do see a really cool little brass and wood clockwork owl? That's cool. Walking forward? Going down the hall? You do that before they walk off? All right, you peel it back; there is some sort of arcane scrawl on the floor. Yeah, like a ring written in a circle. You tug the rug back a bit and you see it goes further under the carpet and you see the edge of a spiral pattern of writing that you can't-- It's not. No. No. Make an arcana check. That is Esperanto. It's a long hallway and there's so much shit in here that it's like process a little bit as you go. Sure. Yeah, you know what this is. How do you think you know magic? You had to study. You don't know all of it. You would never be able to make this on your own, but you recognize some of the key glyphs in it. This is a magic sigil. This will turn gravity haywire here. You look straight up at one of the iron, gothic, tooth-like chandeliers, right above it. No. There is enough room on the sides to gingerly step around this. So what are you saying, someone's pulling carpet as you go or? It's one carpet that goes all the way down the hall and Tarvis went and under this part of the carpet was one area. It's not wall to wall. It's a very wide hall and it's down the center and all the eclectic craziness is piled up to the sides of it. I mean some stuff spills over on the rug, but it's pretty hodge podge. No windows up here. You can't do that because the wood all the way down is taken up by things like jars with pickled unicorns in them. This one spot you can sneak around. Okay. You pass by a portrait of a woman all in black, stiff, austere dress, a cold white face, and you double take and look at it again and realise that that woman is dead and there's a fly crawling in the side of her mouth. On the other side there's a painting of a large still lake stretching away from the shore and there's a small boat drifting off in the middle. And there's a piece of fabric draped into the water and things floating in the side of it. It's a painting. You see an assortment of bells covering the top of one table, all different sizes and different colors of metal. A platter with a series of bone needles lying on it. You see a stuffed ostrich with a little skull cap metal pith helmet with a spike coming out of it. On one armoire, there's a shiny black stone wasp as big as a bird, also gorgeous. A wicker rabbit with antlers protruding from its head. Yes. Arcane jackalope. Pick up the wasp? Make a con save. It is done. Make a con save my friend. Well you pick it up and look at it and it is gorgeous and shines. It glints in the light. It curls in on itself and the stinger goes into your wrist. You take two points of damage. Poison. Resistant, nice! You take one point and you have a small red hole bleeding out in your hand. You're still walking down the hall. What's our order, by the way? Devan's first. There's also enough room to go side by side, which is-- Everyone going single-file, yeah? Who's third? So you continue to walk? Are you looking for traps, further traps? Sure, but also make a perception check. This is a crowded-- this is not your normal room. All right, so you're still walking forward, right? Okay. So as you're walking-- Devan (whoosh) is gone. Hold that thought. Devan. You are instantly submerged in water. It is pitch black. You can't see anything. You are underwater. Your hands are tied behind your back. You hold your breath. You immediately feel multiple bites all over your body. Make a constitution save, please. 19? Okay. Whoops, that's the wrong one. You feel small sharp teeth biting on every inch of your body. Your neck, your face, your hands, everywhere, biting through your clothes. You feel a burning sensation under your skin in your blood, and you take five points of poison damage. You can't see what's going on. You kick and start to panic. You can't tell which way is up. You can't tell which way is down. You guys. She's been gone for 30 seconds. Nothing happens. Around you? There were bone needles. There were bells. There were creepy as fuck paintings. There's an ostrich with a little spike helmet on his head. One was a lake. 45 seconds have passed. What's your constitution modifier, Laura? What water? There's no water. Okay, make a perception check. Okay. Nothing. You pull the painting off the wall and see a scrawl of arcane glyphs in a circle, there. No, it's right parallel to where Devan was. Yeah, arcana check. You are short-circuiting. You're so discombobulated by this scenario-- Just around this scrawl of arcana on the wall, going gabba, gabba gabba gabba. 13. You don't know what the fuck that says. (impact) Ow! That's when you hear at the end of the hall, in this hall you're in, in addition to all this shit, there's six doors all the way down. You've barely even paid attention to them because of all the stuff that's in here. You've already passed a set of doors behind you, and then there's another two, and another two all the way at the end of the hall. And at the end of the hall, on the right, behind the closed door, you hear (impact). Okay, you two are bolting down the red carpet. They all have the same turn-latch door handle that the original doors do, and you get to the door and freeze for a second? As soon as you touch the door handle, electricity goes up your arm. Dexterity save on that. You take only five points of electricity damage. So you've just been electrocuted by the door handle, but the door does open, and you hold your hand. You look in. The room is somewhat lit from the lights behind you, and you see a large 20-feet-tall cube of glass, a fish tank, and inside it, you can see a form going-- Okay. Everybody roll initiative. 20, okay. What about you, gentlemen? Okay. All right, so Devan, the fish continue to bite. In a second, you can. Make another con save. All right, take eight more points of poison damage. Okay, Delweth, you are up. You guys are here. This is so stupid. There's a fish tank in here you guys are looking at. Delweth, you're up, what would you like to do? Do what against the fish tank? Acid? Sure, you throw it. You don't even have to do anything. Your hand goes and a globule goes (splash) and starts to sizzle down the sides of this glass. Roll 1d6. Okay. It seems to be very thick. And now it is Dren's turn. Go for it. Sure, hit the shit out of that fish tank. No. Ten, okay. Devan, you may try to do something. Good, well done. What about the hand motions, though? That's what one of the other ones is. I see V, S, M next to Chromatic Orb. Verbal... I forget what they stand for. But one is-- components? One is verbal and then one is doing this stuff. You can make a dexterity check at disadvantage. Nope. Tarvis, you're up. Okay. You swim your way-- some light has shined through once that door opened out there, although you can't really tell why. The light's coming. You swim towards light. You get over there. Tarvis, you're up. Roll. Don't roll a one. All right, you hit it, yeah. Okay. The glass goes (glass cracking). It holds. No. Okay, Rat, you're up. You were. So you're there. Okay. Actually nobody should have gotten there, but it's okay. It's all right, she's half-fucked anyway. What would you like to do? No, you're not, because you were futzing with the painting. So we'll say you were the last one in. Okay, we're now back-- no we're not. Make a constitution save. Ten is not going to do it. Three points of poison damage. All right, now we're at the top. Delweth. Roll to attack. I'm sure you'll hit it. That hits. It's got a very low armor class. Okay, so you run up with your thin little sword and go, "Ugh! Oh fuck this," and you turn it around and go (impact) into the side of the glass (glass cracking) and a little bit of water starts spilling out near the bottom. Devan-- no, Dren-- You do. Sure, if you have an idea, yeah. Yes, yes. Okay. A piece breaks out and water starts spilling out. It's very tall. Tarvis, it's your turn. Oh sorry, Devan's turn, Devan's turn. Yes. Make a dex save. You spent your whole action going-- So you get a bonus action. Okay. There's a big (splash) as water slaps together, and a drenched, coughing, pale-skinned, veins going down her neck Devan appears on the ground, between you and you. Yeah, you also take your hilt and (glass breaking). Yeah, all over her. Fish are hitting the ground, flapping around on the ground. Yeah. You've actually never been in this room. In this room? Have a look around if you'd like. Perception check, please. Okay, you perception all the slowly dying beautiful but poisonous fish in here and look around, the room is empty except for this fucking thing. You don't see anything else. Roll and I'll tell you if you can. Yes. Oh, you mean, feed it to her. Oh yeah, sure. So what happens is Dren crouches down and slowly pours it in, and then when she feels like someone's looked she goes (slaps) across the face. Never again. Well, it's all on your character sheets. It depends on which one you gave her. You guys have one superior and two greater. The big hitter is 8d4 plus eight. The two smaller are 4d4-- Doesn't matter. I like the idea of this elf and this half orc singing. (laughter) And Devan, you've never been in the room you're in. But looking out the door of the room you're in, you see, across the hall, a circular "siggle." So you hold your hand there, and blood, someone else's blood smears on. You wait, and you wait, and that ain't doing shit. Three feet. Do you cast the spell? You can cast that cantrip. Okay, so it takes a little bit of time, 20-30 seconds, held up, hoisted in the air by an elf assassin, with your hand bleeding out. Click! The wooden door opens outward, and you look in and see a very well-lit room. A round room, perfectly round. The walls are made up of curved segments of dark, burnished metal. The walls go up about 30 feet before curving in and up, very high. It's almost like you're in the inside of a silo. You guys cased this joint from the outside. There is a bit of a tower on this side of it. This has got to be that. Four of those golden orbs are hanging and lighting up this room. You look up. It goes very high. You can see down here and it gets darker and darker the higher you go. You can't see the peak. Across from where you entered, made out of the same metal, is a pair of flat doors with the same circle printed into the metal. Like a cabinet, directly across. Nothing in here. The floor is also metal. In the center of the room is a smaller circle that's about a foot and a half wide, and it's got a spiraling out flower shape. There's the room that she took you to. This is room where your grandmother showed you how to create illusions and how to pull moisture from the air to create shards of ice and use them. Roll for insight. I'm going to call it for her. She appears flustered and a bit of a doofus, but she seems like she's telling the truth. A foot and a half wide Sure, hold that thought. Are you willing to touch it at all? It's not like an etching, like that circular sigil of a shrew over there. It does seem to be made out of more than one piece. It's not a decoration, but that's all you can tell. What's your formation in here, by the way? Who's where? Who's got the gambling addict? Where are you, Dren? Here? The cabinet doors are right here. Dexterity check. But you can still make a sleight of hand check. Oh, sleight of hand, yes, sleight of hand. At disadvantage. Got to roll it again. Okay. I'm going to say, Delweth, you were staring up, trying to assess what was happening up top. You get her hands free. At that moment, all of you hear the sound of some sort of clank, very high, high above you. And behind you, Dren, all of you, but you especially, hear (metal slamming). And you look over your shoulder, and metal barriers, or doors, or something, have suddenly slammed shut. There's a thin seam between the two. You guys are in here. And that's when you hear, not in your ears, at the base of your skull, inside your skull, "Not supposed to be here." "Dogs, dogs, dogs." And then you hear, way high, at the apex of this tower, a chime. "Ding." (multiple fwooshing sounds) Puffs of sparkling white and purple smoke (fwoosh) to one side, to the other side, around you suddenly. You're looking at four smoking, misty, almost-hairless dogs. Angry looking, slobbering. Three of a certain size, one much larger, staring at you with glassy, milky white eyes. It's big, it's muscular, it's ropey. And they bare their teeth. Okay. Okay. Roll for initiative, everybody. Hold that thought, everybody. 13 is what you rolled, Dren? Okay. Okay. 16, okay. Roll initiative for me, too, Devan. 18. All right. Then you are the first one to go. Ooh, doo-loo-loo-loo! Okay. The idea flashes into your mind what to do. You start to move your hands. The dogs lunge in on all of you. The first one-- Oh hey, this music's too chill. This dog comes running toward you, and bites into your arm, maybe? What's your AC? 11? Yes. Its teeth sink into your arm as you start to cast and you take, oh, just two points of damage. And the spell is gone. Yeah, I'm going to say it was so close. This is within six seconds of each other. That's gone. This dog rushes, does the same thing for you, Obby. What's your armor class? You feel teeth sink into your thigh, and you take five points of piercing damage. This dog goes (whoosh noise) and is gone. (whoosh noise) He is right behind you, Delweth, and what's your armor class? You feel teeth sink into your gut, on the side. You take three points of piercing damage, and the big one (snarling noise) lunges in to attack you, Tarvis, and you feel teeth sink into the back of your calf and take five hit points in piercing damage. Tears away, and you feel part of your calf come away. Devan, you may try something else. Sure. I don't know if your grandmother qualifies as an object. Object within range. I'll let you do something else. Okay, all right. Where's it going? This is your second level one, right? Yeah, yeah. Make a ranged spell attack. Okay, go for it. Okay. Oh, man, it's on your sheet. On page number two, it is plus six on ranged attacks. Ten? Okay. A ball of crackling energy goes (whoosh noise) misses the dog entirely, goes (impact noise) ricochets like a pinball off the side of the wall and arcs up, and then (impact noise) diffuses high up in the air. You can still move if you want. Delweth, yeah. Where you going to go? Over here? You're going to walk there? Or run there? Dart under her legs? Okay, you start to move under. The dog behind you sees you go, and-- what's your armor class? 11. Yeah, bites into your back. And you feel part of your robes rip away, and you take five points of piercing damage and you get over here. Okay. Oh, so you're sharing the space with her? Okay. Okay, and now it is Tarvis' turn, what would you like to do? You need boots of haste and the feat Dual Wielding to do that. Yeah. Okay, all right, roll to hit. Yes, it does. Yes. Yeah, from Obby. I mean, this fixes that. 18? You pull out the blade, the curved blade, and it sort of sings as you spin it in the air, and bring it down in a slice, and it cuts into the ribs of this dog. And the dog yelps, loud, and sort of buckles down for a bit. And has murder in its mouth and its blind eyes. What was the total on that? 18. Looks like it. All right, now it is Dren's turn. You can do that, plus your attack roll. Got to be six seconds of dialogue, though. You do have sneak attack on this one. If you throw something, yeah. Or use your crossbow, sure. Six more seconds to decide it. Okay, go for it. Ah, yeah, that hits. Ah, yes it is. Because of the crowd here. Eight? Okay. 14? Math in my head. All right, great, and that was which weapon? Your shortsword? Okay. You squat down, almost do a little ballerina split, and then stick your sword up into its gut from underneath. And the dog goes (yelp of pain), underneath, and snarls through. And now we're on to- Yes, you do. You're going to go here? You can do that. You're tiny, too. Yeah, you can get through-- where do you want to go, here? Yeah. I'll say you can do that. Because of how small you are and how big he is. Okay. So you start to run and this dog that you stabbed sees you running, sees your back, and lunges at it. But you're too quick, and it goes (noise of jaws snapping shut) as you slide underneath Tarvis' legs. Pop out here at the end of your turn. Delweth, you are up. All right. Oh, I do it. What's your spell DC? It's the numbers near the top of your-- Fails. 1d12. Two? Okay. Plus nothing. But that noxious odor-- No sneak attack. But it floats into this old blind bastard's face and goes (choking and snarling) and it's blind, but it looks in your direction and snarls. Did you want to do anything else? You're going over this way? All right, as you go this dog, who's biting people's backs today sees you go, and a little tip to all you newer players-- Oh, you disengaged, you're right. Yeah, you go (blip noises). Great, thank you. Thank you, thank you for that. And now we are on to Obby the Rat. Yeah. That hits. And you have sneak attack damage on this. I'm even going to say you have advantage on-- well you already hit, though, right? Oh my god. You come in low with your knife and stick it in right under one of its legs and then slide all the way down the length of its body. And you see one noodle of intestine go (splurting noise) out the side of it. Want to do anything else? Make a dexterity check. It glances off of this thing. It wasn't a natural 20, right? It glances off of it. That is the time when, in the back of your brain, you hear (gurgling noises). Delweth. You, freaking out, look up and see a bulbous, green-- Slowly down out of the tower, in a fucking weird sight. I don't know what the fuck this is. Something coming down. (gurgling noises) And give me one moment please. Delweth, I need you to make a constitution save right now. Okay, you guys see a ray of blackish-gray light go (thrumming sound) down from the ceiling and cut along the floor right past you. But you slide back against the wall and it misses you just in time. And now it is time for the dogs. So this one turns towards Devan and snaps angrily. But Devan, scared to death, freaks out and does this and it misses because of it. (laughter) What's your armor class, Dren? I'm so sorry, but you take five points of piercing damage as the teeth sink into the bottom of your sword arm. Obby, this dog lunges right at you and you feel it get up under your neck and bite right here at your shoulder. And you take five points of piercing damage-- That's your armor class? I take it back. You push its head up and it's going (biting sounds) and you shove it off. It rolled a 15. Thank you for that. I didn't remember that your armor class was so high. And this one rushes at our half-orc commander, but it's so fucked up and so sad now, it blindly misses you. And now it is Devan's turn. Which way do you want to go? This way? You can scoot under her legs or-- I'm going to do this one time. I'm going to remind you that both of these dogs get an opportunity attack. This is the last time I'm going to remind any of you motherfuckers. What's your movement? You want to go straight across? No, you won't make it all the way across. I'd say you'd make it to about there or there. I'll say you're here, so you could get these two and I'll say you won't get Tarvis. What's your spell DC? I have it. It's 14. Okay, little guy makes his save, big guy does not, so what's your damage? She puts her thumbs together and fans her fingers out, pointing at these dogs. And you have just Sigourney Weavered them, fire spraying from your hands. Sets this dog completely on fire, it screams so pitifully and falls dead, charred. What was the total damage? Was it 14? 13. Okay. All right. And this one is singed and blackened and one eye is burned away and it looks bad. And now it is Tarvis' turn. You can do it if you want to try to do it. There is one dog next to you. This way or this way? So Delvy runs, you feel teeth sink into the back of your neck and pull hair and flesh away from the back of your neck for five hit points of piercing damage. You still alive? You run one, two. I'm going to say you're there. Now it is Tarvis' turn. Yes. (blade slicing) Again? All right, sure. Which one? So you have got one greater left and one superior left? Okay, Tarvis. In a rush of friendship and loyalty to your good friend, you do that move that you always finish fights with. You bring it up and you bring it down in a circle and go (grunt) and there's so much blood on your hand that you go (grunt) and the blade flies out of your hand across the room and clatters down. Would you like to move at all? To Dren? On the other side of Dren? Ooh, you're dead. Here? Okay, and now we're onto Delweth. All these fucking 'D' names. Three. Go for it. It's everybody within a 20-foot area. Everybody. Now, you can slap whoever you want awake afterwards. But it's a 20-foot area. Okay, roll the 5d8. 22? Okay, so you cast and you see the barest shimmer of starlight between you and it, and it surrounds it. Nothing happens. Yeah, sort of. Metallic doors. You want to go over there? What's your movement? All right, you're there. Obby, what do you want to do? Okay, fuck yeah. This one? Go for it. Yep, nope. 14? Okay, and what weapon are you using for that? Handaxe, okay. You sink this axe right down into its neck. And you feel cutting into the bone of the thing, and it screams. The dog screams, but it writhes and lashes in anger, in a fit. It is still moving. That's more than a bonus action, I think. Okay, you're going this way? (gurgling) You didn't go? Go for it. Nope. Nope. You know what it is? It's the 'D' names. I've like scrawled everything so it's like (gibberish). This one? Sure. Okay, what are you using? You can use a crossbow. Sure. Right behind you, yeah. This one? Yeah. To Alby? Obby is over here. You can get that far. You bolt over there, run towards the wall, you whip around and turn with your crossbow? You press your back into the wall and-- this one? Okay, roll the attack. That hits, roll to hit. Roll for damage. Seven total? Okay, the bolt sinks right into the eye of the thing (death rattling). (cheering) (gargling) You're getting a better look at it. It is like some sort of green, scaly ball with a big fat eyeball out of it with four little stalks-- And one of the stalks hangs like dead, limp, with a bandage around the eye. But three of them are going like (whooshing). In fact, he turns one of his eyes towards you, Devan-- Devan, make a-- Make a constitution save. Okay, you feel the ray goes (buzzing) right down onto you, you're looking right at it, and your whole body stiffens. (panting) And you shake it away. You're okay. Now we're onto "Dogs, dogs, dogs, dogs." This one sees you, Dren, lunges in. Totally bites your face! Eight points. This one goes for the-- you know what? (two puff noises) Totally bites your face for five points of piercing damage. And when I say face, I meant it, it took a piece of your cheek and ear away. Now it is Devan's turn. Hot blood trailing down your-- Okay. All right, he takes the full blast. The dog put all its dog concentration on bamfing out of one place right here and as soon as it got here, it bit you and it went, "Surprise motherfucker!" (whooshing) All right. There is a dead, charred dog. (cheering) No. Gurgle, gurgle, gurgle, gurgle. All right, Tarvis, you are up. Yep. You're so angry-- You're furious at how this night is going, this night is fucked, and it's all because of this one. You come over, full of anger, and you're going to take it out on this dog. And you go (whooshing). Dog, you feel a cut up your own eye. Two points of slashing damage. Dren, you're up! I missed her. For your hit points? Okay. Yeah. Yeah, that hits. It is a sneak attack. Because Tarvis is right here. Here comes the general! Which weapon did you use? Shortsword? Okay, you feel bad for your higher-up here, and as conflicted as you are in the situation, as as many things are going on, you still trained a long time; you are Clasp. You take your blade, and you bring it up, and you swing it, and you're so short you push up, and it's the smallest dog in the group, and you spear it like a shish kabob. And blood and guts spills down over your hands, and it slumps down to the ground. (gurgling) The hand pries and walks around like a little spider, pulls and pulls, and it's the saddest little thing, and it turns around and goes. Yep. It still exists. Your hand is still there. Your hand starts floating in that direction, I'll say. Nah. Yeah, but you did some stuff already. You already cast a spell. You know what you do? You kick the ground in anger and go, "Aww." And now it is-- Nope, she's pressed against the wall. She's right up against the wall. You'll get yours. Obby, you're up. You didn't even have to rhyme, but you still did. You called that out as you ran to the center of the room. At this moment you have the time to go, "Oh, fuck," and that's what you accomplish. Go for it. Roll to attack. The dagger goes (whooshing, impact) and you hear (gurgling). Roll for damage. All right. A little bit of ichor splatters back down on your face as you look up. Okay. It rotates in space and looks down at you, Obby. And please make a wisdom saving throw. Five? A ray shoots straight down into your eyes, and you go slack. And think of colors. And that is where you're at. And now it is time for-- And now it is Devan's turn. You do. You can. So far it's taken about 20 to 30 seconds to do that, and a round is six seconds. That's your last--? Two more? Okay. All right, make a ranged attack. You did two Burning Hands. So ranged attack with a plus six on your roll. What kind was it? Sure. Go for it, man, that sounds pretty good. You hit, yeah. 22? Okay. This crackling ball with little arcs of light spitting out of it flies up, hits the thing. (explosion) The thing spins out of kilter, down, lower-- shite. Aw shite. I don't have the right boxes. I'm going to say he's right there. It spins end over end and starts to right himself and hover right about there. Nice. Okay, okay. Yes, you can do that. Roll for stealth. Okay. I heard that question, and I'm ignoring it. Tarvis, it is your turn. You could've done it, but it would've been at disadvantage. Now I'll say it is not. That's as close as you can get. Chuck it, baby. The blood from the whip cut is down in your eye and you can't see. You see two of these things? And you got the illusionary one. You got that one. But not the real one. Your dagger hits the ground and clatters and actually spins right down to the ground by you. And now it is Dren's turn. You can get one, two, three. Where do you want to go? Here? You could get (counting). That's as close as you can get. You're teensy-weensy. You hit, man. Eight? The crossbow bolt sinks into the side of its main eye and juice comes out. You hear the most-- I'm not even going to try to do it, because I had a rough warrior day today yelling for four hours-- the most high-pitched squeal in the side of your own mind, and the thing lurches and stays up, but is gushing out of its large eye in the front. And now it is Delweth's turn. It's about 40 feet, 50. You can throw 20 feet well and you can throw 60 feet at disadvantage. So you could throw where you are at disadvantage, or you could run closer. That's not what that's for, but you can do it at disadvantage. Or your dagger. Okay. Roll an attack with your dagger. You pull a dagger out of your belt, you take it by the blade and flick it, and-- How do you want to do this? (cheering) Well it always had four. One was limp and hanging and loosey-goosey-- It had one big eye in the front which Dren gouged the side of. Most of it's there. Okay. The thing has just gotten hit in the eye and bounced against the wall and starts to float back in the other direction. And it slowly starts to float downward, its ability to hold itself up weakening and weakening, and it lands slowly on top of Tarvis, falling asleep on him, almost, dying, lowers you down to the ground on the back, slowly and you're okay, you didn't get hurt, but here you are on the ground with a beholder junior sitting on your junk. Yes. Yes, he is, he starts to shake his head. While you guys are talking, you hear down the hall-- (barking) Oh, the cabinet? Okay. Okay, so you already cut your hand-- you break open your hand and place it. And you wait, and slowly blood pours into it, gets absorbed in. The cabinet doors swing open, and you're looking in at a cabinet. You've never seen this before. You've seen the doors, and your grandmother alluded to it, but you're looking at a shelf, here. And obviously the thing that catches your eye first is an emerald the size of a human head sitting on a large pillow. Next to it, so there's two of them? Okay. There's two emeralds, you all see. You all see that. There's also a set of-- --panpipes, there's panpipes here, but they're made out of human bones, but they're not the right size for a human. They look child-sized. Yeah, there's a couple of things sitting here. There's two large emeralds, a pair of panpipes made from children's bones. There's a dark medallion made of iron with an eye etched into it, and there's a green leather-bound book here, clasped shut. And that's all that's here. The book? Okay. Nothing. Intelligence of 18. Okay, you see lists of amounts, mostly. It's pages and pages of lists of amounts, and short-form code in Common with single letters, anagrams. But at the back of the book, there's one page with a list of names in it, and you see words like "Quiver" and next to that "Quinton Puck", and you scan down, looking for names, and you see the word "Shortstack". Next to "Shortstack" is the name "Grimthorne". You see the word "Sandwich", and next to that it says "Wynan Joy." You see the word "Whisper", and next to it it says "Riskel Daxio". Those are the ones that stand out. There's lots. There's about 30 names here. Your hands go-- The medallion? Okay. You have to-- Like secretly, or just hand it to her? You pick up a pair of pipes made from children's bones. Roll for stealth. Then you're fine. Both of you roll for initiative. Seven. Do whatever you want to do, Devan. Okay. There are suddenly multiple Devans. Which way? You're all over here, right? Okay. This way? Okay. Tarvis, what would you like to do? There's four and you can't tell which one is the real one. Two are running towards the door, two are running to the sides of the room. You're going to aim for the two at the door? You attack, what are you doing? One Devan is here, one Devan is here, two are right next to each other one just ahead of the other. Well you're not doing anything, you are. I wish I had a coin. All right. I know what I'll do. I'm good. So roll to attack. Roll to attack. 18? Okay. Roll for damage. I don't know what your hit points are, guys, I'm going to go on the honor code here. Five points? You feel a dagger sink into your back. Well there you go, I don't know that spell, sorry. The mirror image next to you goes (sizzling). Okay, you still don't know which one is the real one. I mean, I know you do, but Tarvis doesn't know which one is real. Okay. everybody roll for initiative right now Wait, everybody roll and then 20 to 25? ASHLY and 24. Obby, Dren is 20? Okay, next? 15 to 20. 20 as well. Okay, ten to 15. Okay, and that leaves Del? Obby, what would you like to do in this moment? Okay. Roll for damage. No, not in this second. It's currently, fuck these 'D' names! It is Dren's turn. Steal the-- Sure. You move over ten feet and what do you do? Make a sleight of hand check. Make a perception check. Dren runs forward and slams into you and says, "Don't worry, I've got this." As you say that, you pull the book out and stick it up your shirt and hold your weapon out. That's all you do. You can move a little if you want. Yes, you have three movement left and your dash as a bonus action is another five, so you can go eight. Where do you want to go? Okay, here. It is now Devan's turn. Here is Dren. Here is Devan. Here is Delweth. Here's Tarvis. Here's Obby. Obby the Rat! Okay, no, you're confusing them. So you turn this way. 15-foot cone? No. If you want to move forward, you can get them together. It's not damage. Delweth, how many hit points do you have right now? Yeah. Tarvis, how many do you have? A rainbow erupts from her hands and arms. Blasts you guys in the eyes, it scorches and all you see is white. All you see is white. You are both blind. Just you two. Obby can see. Fuck a duck, where did I put my initiative order? Oh my god, it's the end of the world. Oh man. Dren and Delweth both went right? Dangit, you go, Delweth. That's right somewhere on one of these papers is the order. Delweth, go for now. No, it's not Delweth's turn right now it is-- Okay, go for it Delweth. Bad scene, man. You can do anything with disadvantage at this point. All right, roll a ranged spell attack. You add your modifier. No, actually, sorry, Devan, you make a dex save at advantage. Okay, you see a glob of acid sizzling, and you drop to your butt and let it fly over your head. And it sizzles. No, it does not sizzle near the siggle. And now it is Tarvis's turn. Sure. You're right here, and your back is against the wall. Okay, you can feel you're brushing past Tarvis as you go. Okay. Tarvis, it's your turn. You hear her butt hit the ground. Yeah. Yup, two of them are up. Okay. Poof, okay. Knife sinks into the back of a fake and goes (poof) like a Naruto clone. Obby, you're up. Yeah, Obby the Rat. What did you attack with? SAM and What happens with your last image? Yeah, 8d8 plus eight. 8d4 plus eight. It's supposed to be 8d4. Like a kaleidoscope. It was amazing. Dren, you are up. This way? It doesn't look like they can see. I'm going to give you an eight-count. Sure. Is that your action? During the conversation, it fades away. Sure. I'm going to say for that she backed up, you walked forward, you guys didn't move. Everybody roll initiative again. 20 to 25. 15 to 20. 16, okay. Ten to 15? Five to ten? I don't have everybody. Devan, what did you roll? Three. Dren, go. Everybody can tell, everybody's moving, you see everybody moving at the same time. What are you going to do? Make a sleight of hand check. Plop it into her hands, yeah. If you take one step forward, you are. Do you want to do that? Yeah, that hits. Okay, blade sinks into his hip. Now we're on to-- why can't I read these names? Delweth, Tarvis. And you swing your blade down as hard as you can, because you love the Clasp, you serve the Clasp, and this little shit betrays you? You bring your scimitar down, you go whoop, take a step to the side. The scimitar hits the ground and shatters into two pieces. LAURA and You're now holding a dagger. Delweth, you're up. To do what? You'll hit Dren. Sure, you can move right there and do it. Kablam. Go for it. Versus your DC, so your DC is 13. You've got to beat 13 with a dex save. Yeah, you beat it. You beat it. But you take half damage. So roll for damage. Yeah. They both made the save. So Delweth puts her hands together, fans out the fingers, fire shoots out, for a total of three? Four. It blasts, and if they had been human, they would have been cooked, but because they're so short, it goes over their heads as they crouch down. Okay, Obby the Rat, you're up. Devan, you're up. I'll allow it. And now we're at the top again, so Dren. The only friend you have left is here, and there's nowhere to hide in here. Hits. You feel the blood, hot. Tarvis, you're up. With your broken, weird dagger, or the whip? That hits. You feel a sting, a cut on your neck, and blood starts to pour lightly down your neck. Man, this is a long game. Wow. Okay. Next is Delweth. Yeah. That is Devan. Okay, so you're going to move up. Roll to attack. Yes, roll to attack first. Do you want to do anything else with a bonus action? Okay, Obby, you're up. Devan, you're up. Roll. Devan, go. It doesn't feel like anything's doing. Go. Hits. That's it. You do see the jewel across the room. Dren, you're up. You can, sure. That'll be your whole action and move if you want. You can do a perception check if you want, though. No. You can disengage to get away out of that little kill box, and then I'd let you do perception if you want. Here? Perception check, roll. It's a two? I don't know, man, it's hectic in here. On to Tarvis. Yep. Delweth, you're up. Okay, go. Sneak attack because she's flanked. You roll at advantage because she's flanked. Hits. Down? Obby, you're up. Okay. Over here? Okay. Obby the Rat, you're up. Yeah, if you hit. Yeah. You lean in and go-- You push in, and you watch her back, like a hole wells up in her back. None of you are good people. Nobody here is a good person. It's across the room on the floor. Okay. Sleight of hand? You'd have to see it. I mean, she's probably lying on top of it. Okay. All right, Dren, you're up. How many is it? 4d4 or 8d4? Yes. She's awake. I'm going to say, to pour that all into her mouth and make sure it goes down, that's your action. You can move if you want to. Maybe on your next turn, you can. Okay. Tarvis, you're up. You're after Obby. What's your AC? Bang. You want to do a bonus action? Nope. Delweth. Roll that die. Okay, she's down. Okay. Delweth, you want to do anything on a bonus? Okay. So you dart around, then you darted back. Obby the Rat. Okay. Any bonus, Obby the Rat? You get down and you start looking, and you feel something hard. And now it is Dren's turn. Sure. Roll a strength check. Yeah, you bring it down as hard as you can, and scratches-- it ruins the surface. It is still shut. You can move if you want to. Okay. Tarvis, you're up. Her body jiggles on the ground. Delweth, what would you like to do? Obby's on her. As Tarvis did that, he's got his hands on it in a split-second. You can surmise that that's what's going on. Okay, roll to hit. Hits. Yes. Yeah. But you would have to move down. No, it's not sneak attack. No, sorry. Eight, total. Okay. You slash right down her front in a long cut across her chest. Anything else? All right. Obby the Rat. You dart back, you come around go-- you slash at her and then whip around, get your place. Obby the Rat. Got it. It's not a sigil, it's a geometric pattern on the ground. Go. Attack. Yeah, hits. No, there's no sneak attack. The only person near her is Devan. You guys are not within five feet of her. She bounced back on that. Are you still standing? Dren's still standing? Dren, you're up. May be your final act on earth. Tarvis, you're up. Yes. Yes. What are you using to do this? The whip wraps around her neck and you yank and pull, and she chokes out. Yeah. We don't need an action for this, go ahead. She's dead. If you can find Percival de Rolo to invent tape, then maybe you could tape it together. The pieces are there. The names are there. I mean, she's not a paper shredder. They're magical transparent globes. In here? Sure. You're going in there? Yes. You can. They're not there. (raspberry sound) You're going to do a perception check? You're all in there? There's room for two people to go in. Who's in? Yeah, you both-- really, you were so bedazzled by what you saw on the shelf. You didn't really look around this little room. There are three levers directly to the right of the door on the wall. No, just three. There's not room for the three of you. Who's going? All right. So three levers are getting pulled-- Tell me what's happening. And you're in there. You're standing outside. One at a time? All right. So you're outside, waiting. You're inside. Okay. So you're pulling first? Okay. Delweth and Obby immediately take 8d6 electric damage from the floor in the circular room. Yes. I'll do it. Delweth and Obby take 31 points of damage. SAM and Unconscious? Electrified, up in smoke. They are smoking and on the ground. (sizzling sound) There is a little old woman standing in the closet behind you. She raises a staff. "You "fucking assholes." There is a transparent cage around the three of you, now. She walks out, click, clack, click. "Do you little shits really think the Clasp is the only one that has little birds who whisper "to them?" In that moment, she raises her hand, and you hear her utter the word (arcane gibberish). The air around you grows dry. You feel the moisture in your bodies pull out. You remember that scene at the end of the Last Crusade? With the cup? All the moisture leaves your body, and your skin gets dry and flakes away, and your sight goes, and the world grows dark, and you guys fall, three husks upon the ground. The cage shrinks, shrinks, dragging your three bodies together. Five bodies together. "You don't fuck the Shrew. The Shrew screws you." And she moves her hand, and the circle in the middle fans open, and five bodies fall down through a tube and land in a pile of mimic corpse. Click, click, click. "Fuck family." (laughter) (cheering) Everybody tell the group the secret I gave you. Starting with Obby. What's the secret I gave you? That's it, no secrets. Ashly, what was Dren's secret? And Devan, why don't you tell Dren what your secret is? I said no. You're all bad people. I wanted an evil campaign, I wanted to play it, no one would make it for me, so I made it myself. (cheering) Thanks, everybody, you guys, the five of you, and thanks, everybody, for watching if you hung in to the end. I know it was long. I don't know how to balance anything or know how long things take. I threw a bunch of spaghetti at the wall. But it was fun. Thank you.