Hello, everyone! And welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role! (cheering) He's gone for all the next seven days to Australia with our badass druid, Marisha Ray. They're both down in Haven Expo in Mackay, Australia. Anyway, we don't have them; they're not here, so instead we're going to have a little shit storm of our own. And we'll get back to the Vox Machina tale next week. Anyway, I wasn't going to do anything. This feels so weird. The fact that I am not sitting next to Laura, who is like, if I'm Linus, she's my blue blanket for this game. Has the camera panned over to her yet? Well, anyway, I wasn't going to do this at all because I didn't have any time, but then a directing job of two days went poof, which happens once in a while. I had two days to cobble together some stupid bullshit to do with my friends. And we're going to do it, we're going to see how it goes. I'm really looking forward to it. But before we get to all that, we got a ton of announcements. So why don't we jump into that? The first one that I see here is that the Joe Mad poster on the Geek and Sundry store online. We only have one day left on the signed posters until tomorrow at 100. It is really hard to concentrate with that. Nope, I want to get used to it. Until 100 tomorrow you can still get the signed posters. But if you can't do that, we also have one more week to get the unsigned. So it'll be there for a full week, and then they're gone. I don't know when. Forever. Just to stress, though, in person they are gorgeous. They are gorgeous to look at. Sammy. There's still that t-shirt, too, the blue Critical Role t-shirt that all the proceeds go to the charity. They're still for sale. I was told they are. You can go take a peeky-poo and find out. She's still going. Quick little announcement we can tell you now that we are definitely going to be with Geek and Sundry at San Diego Comic Con. There'll be more details coming out next week, but we're going to be doing a ton of stuff there. We're looking forward to it. We're going to be at PetCo Park again, which means if you can't get tickets to Comic Con, you can come see us over at the stadium. Now, some really big news, we'll cut to Travis! Breaking news! That's complicated now. I've got two more quick announcements. One, just to help Marisha out, there's a new Signal Boost out with America Young doing her first boost. America Young is totally badass, good person, funny as hell on the show. I've seen a little bit, took a look. And then, T, one of our Ts, Taliesin, you have a little-- Not unless you've got something. So we'll take a quick little mini break, and when we come back, we'll let the bullshit sale begin! [dramatic music] Kill the music! I'm drunk with power. Kill it! It worked. There we go. Power with a three-second delay! Well, look. It is another hot-ass day in Los Angeles, guys. Three days into the latest heat wave with temperatures in the valley hitting 116, 117. Luckily-- whoa! Wow, a zephyr! A wind just blew by! Luckily, for the four of you Travis. Laura. Taliesin. And Sam. You guys live the life of voice actors in Los Angeles, so you get to beat the heat. You spend most of your days in supremely air conditioned recording studios. You hide away in your dark little hidey holes. And today, you're double lucky because not only do you get to hide from the heat, you get to work with three of your bestest friends in the whole wide world. That's right the four of you guys have been working for the last six to nine months, really, on the latest game by Phalanx Studios. You're working on the third in the Felguard series. You've been doing performance capture for months. But you know, most of the performance capture is behind you. You've done all the principal stuff, you probably returned for pickups, but now we're moving into the voice over leg of the journey. And today, you're kicking off your first day of serious VO on the job. You're going to have several days this week, and you are headed to good old Warner Brothers Studios. No, no, no, it's traversal, it's the connective tissue between cut scenes. How can you not see the water tower when you arrive at the WB? It's on the lot! Have you guys have seen Animaniacs? You know all you need to know. You've all had busy mornings. Travis, you had a home workout. You worked out and did whatever strong people do. I've read about it. I don't know, myself, but I know you do something to look like that. You did a bunch of that. You jumped in the pool, cooled off, listened to showtunes all the way there. Laura, unfortunately, you've been working all day! You had a 900 to 100! You've got to rush over for a 200 to 600! You work two sessions a day! Seriously, is this game over yet? Taliesin! You've been at home writing all day on a totally unrelated project. Well, because it's anime, and that goes deep with you. Somebody's got to adapt that shit! But you get to work on this fucking AAA game, Felguard III. You're going to go do some VO. You're heading over now. Sam is rushing over, obviously, from one of the, like, 37 animated series, I've lost track by now. You're barely going to make it on time. Got a little wrinkle, though? Well, it's a heat wave, right? And your air conditioning broke. And your neighbors had just gone on vacation and given you their dog, Bixby. He's a pug. He's staying at your house, but you can't leave Bixby in the house when it's that hot. You took him to work, which is fine when you're directing. I don't know how it would go in the booth. He's generally pretty quiet. He's fucking adorable. Anyway, you all roll up, you come through the gate, you park under that iconic water tower. Sam, ten minutes after everybody else. (laughter) Liam O'Brien. Your old friend, Liam O'Brien, that lovable idiot. Here he is. He's going to direct you! He's taken over for the voice over leg of Felguard III! Yes, it is. You're seeing some people for the first time in a while, other than Liam, who you see pretty regularly. You go downstairs. Obviously, Pierce O'Toole is there. Iconic red woolen Zissou cap on, big beard and his tie. Love him. Emma stops in for a minute, but briefly. I think I'm going to steer away from that. (laughter) And the director, Garrett, who was on set as the director, comes over to you and is like, "Dude, you're not going to believe the scenes are coming back. I mean, it's at 80%, it's not fully "rendered and everything." "The sword work you did looks fucking-- you're a monster." "How's that bruise?" "So just, so you know, when we get in there today, I know that Liam's taken over, but we "talked about that edge you have? Hold onto that edge." "All right." Also, the audio lead is there, and he's eyeing the dog. His name is Gus. "And I "just want to make-- I mean, is it normal to bring dogs to recording sessions?" Liam chimes and says "Well, is he quiet? Or is he going to--?" "Is he more likely to bark if he's apart from you? Because we also don't want him barking "in here if he's away from you--" Well, Liam turns to the rest of the guys and says, "Well, we'll just give it a minute, and if "it's a problem, we'll figure it out, but if you say that's he's good-- what's his name?" "Hey, Bixby." (cooing noises) "Okay." (laughter) Okay, so he walks person to person and adjusts all your microphones. Pierce pops in and goes, "Guys, can I get you any coffee or tea?" "We can do that." "Let me get it down. Let me take up this game of Critical Role with taking down a Starbucks run." "We're getting picky. No, it's all right." "It's fine." You guys all get set up, and after a while, Liam pops in on his own, and he's smiling, but he looks a little tense. He goes, "Okay, so we have a ton of shit to get through. We have enough time, but--" "We're good, we just can't screw around too much. Not too much. So it's going to be great. "Should be great. Okay. All right. I'll be with you guys in one minute." And he heads back out, he goes in. You guys are now vacuum-sealed in, and they're talking-- They can hear you, at the moment, but you can't hear anything coming out of there. "Okay, guys, I guess we'll just dive into it. So the first page of the script is right there "on the top." Yeah. "Yeah, just the one. So this is the first. We've got like 50 of these to get through. This is "us leaving Oathbreaker Keep, right after that huge fight, Laura, between your character, right, and "the Quartermaster? You and the Quartermaster fought, and now you're leaving in a huff?" "Okay, so the last thing that happens in that scene, I just want to remind you, is Sam, "Tantalus gets cheeky with her and sends her off, so Laura, remember that you're coming off of that "line from the very end when you shove him out of the way and walk toward the gate." "Okay, so is everybody ready to get started?" (vocal warm-up sounds) "That was my first point. It's scourge. You said scorge. Well, we'll do one more, do me a "favor, this is like a walk-and-talk, so flatten it out. Yeah, Taliesin?" "Flatten it all, I think flatten it all out a bit, keep it on the move. And Sam, I think your "guy is a little miffed from getting shoved right before in the cutscene that leads into this, so I "want to carry some of that, you know--" "Are we cool? Okay, all right, we'll just go right back into one more." "No, just more of the same-- just overall, everybody can flatten it out, a little bit. Yes. "Travis was the best. Here we go again." "I'm sorry, I spaced out. This is take two." Liam cuts in on the mic, and says, "It's really good, guys." The whole room-- the devs, Pierce, everybody is busting up laughing behind the glass window behind him. "You know, let's just "get a fresh one, Sam." "We're off to a great start, guys, great start. All right, here we go. This'll be take three." "That was perfect. That was--" And then, just as Liam says that, he turns to the guys behind him, and they go back and forth. He takes his finger off. You're in silence for a second. "Okay. It was totally awesome. Let's just try one more thing, where I would say that I do "want it all flattened out, but just the very first line, really explode at Sam." "Through 'chance', I would say. Just round on him, and then you know, furrowed brow, heading in." "Everybody's great. Let's just do one more, and we'll have this. (rumbling) What was that cue? "Pierce? What was that?" "Fuck it. All right. Last take! And this is take four--" "Okay, I-- that was a good option, I think, probably-- hold on." "Guys, just give me a second." While you guys are all yammering, you notice that Liam is gesticulating a little bit more. It's lasting a while. I mean, you've all worked with Liam, you know how, when he turns to the people behind him and he talks, and then he comes back and gives you a little, like-- just for you? You know how he does that? This is the other half of that, where he's trying to get some point across. Anyway. Time is passing. And he turns around. "Just give me one minute. We're just trying to figure out shit on "our end, okay? We'll be right with you." So Laura, while everybody's talking, you just space out, like you're looking at your iPhone for a little bit. But after 30 seconds of that, and they have been talking for a long time, you're just spacing out, and you stare over at your water bottle next of you there on the little standy thing. And you see, strangely, a little ripple in the water. And before you can even decide what that means, everyone feels a little (vibration) under the ground-- And then the entire room rocks to the side-- you guys all sway to one side, you see everybody react behind the glass, and out of nowhere, what can only be described as a pulse or force-- almost like electromagnetic pulse through your actual brain, you wonder, is this what radiation feels like? (electric humming) The sensation is like your thoughts turning 360 around in your head, and you're caught in it, and then you're out. You guys look at each other, and the floor has buckled up, and the ceiling has buckled down, and worse than that, you look to the glass, and there is pandemonium on the other side of it. Liam is floating two feet in the air, alien abduction style, floating in space. You can't hear a thing. You can't hear shit. You see everyone around him freaking out, and then suddenly his body rips in half-- (shouting over each other) Not blood and guts, but globules of matter, almost like beads of mercury floating in the air between, and the two halves hover, and both halves of Liam's face look horrified and frozen in space, and then, the next thing that happens is each of those halves, you see from that gooey miasma coming out of their body, a shriveled arm and leg go (poof). And they drop, and then the back wall behind everyone, that you guys have looked at so many times, has darkened, and starts to look wet and purple, and expands and bulges almost like the taut flesh of a caterpillar, and suddenly the wall sucks inward (sucking noise) and you're looking past-- through, really-- Liam's two halves at a dark, winding-- I would almost call it a tunnel, except it looks more like intestines, curving in and away, and the devs are looking around in horror-- by the way, Liam was wearing that yellow shirt of his, with the lion, with the glasses-- This is ADR5. And that's when you see four more Liams in yellow shirts with the lion with the glasses, crawling up the sides of that purple tunnel, not like a human, but like a little-- They're crawling all over the devs. They're yanking them into that tunnel. The two Liam halves that were floating there have dropped to the ground, and both of them-- You're an actor! Well, the good news is that the floor buckled up and the ceiling buckled down, so the door is jammed in place. There's also a splinter up through the glass window-- Everyone's really busy right now, and the two that dropped to the ground turn towards Pierce, and Pierce backs up. No, he'd just walked in 30 seconds ago with a full tray of coffee. He can't hear you! He drops it, he runs back out the door. the two that had been floating there drop to the ground and scuttle out the door, up the stairs, out the door after him. They're gone, and the devs are gone. And Allen is being dragged, bloody and beaten, back into that passage. They were. The lights in the room you're in flicker (electric flickering). The lights go out. You have no signal. (groaning) No Wi-Fi. There is light coming out of them, and there's light coming out of what you think was Liam's Mac. In the room. No, and in fact, that intestinal tunnel going back has swelled shut and sealed-- it's still dripping. The what system? No, it's still all intact. You can certainly have at it. At this point, you all can take out the last sheets. LAURA and What are the character names? Yeah, Trais. Strength is really good! Hey, I rolled them. Well, I assigned them where I thought would be helpful for what you're playing and who you are. I couldn't give you 18s in everything, guys. So what did you want to do? All right, well, you make a strength check with advantage. It's not budging. Well, you guys are together, right? All right, you make a strength check. Glass shatters all over Liam's computer, all on the floor. It's gone. That wall? That moving wall? Gives a little (sucking sound). Yeah, it's cracked open. You know what to do. Make a stealth check, motherfucker. Yes. That's accurate. All right, so you guys creep up that little set of stairs out of ADR5. Okay. So here's ADR5. You just smashed the glass right here, and you've come up the stairs, and as you creep up, quiet as you can, Bixby farts. You wait, you pause for a second-- nothing happens. You look it's dark out here. There is a flicker of light coming from down in this direction. Everyone's got cellphone flashlights on? Okay. You swivel over here to the left, and this hallway, like tin foil, is crumpled in. Okay, well, sorry, so there's a door here, you're passing it-- there is, as you come out the door, you all hear a metallic sound (ringing). It's hard to tell what it is, but something is spilling out of the kitchen, like six feet high, spilling out of the kitchen. Sure. It's beautiful. It's gold-looking. It's coins. And other stuff, spilling on a diagonal slant, down out of the kitchen into the hallway, right in front of that frigging little sitting area. It's a pile of stuff! While you guys are arguing, a gigantic, red-- like a gigantic alligator's claw, I guess, comes down along that slant and rakes in as much of it as it can and pulls gold. And as it does so, a little goblet spills out, you see a sword? Spill out on the ground? There's a mess of stuff in there, and maybe a third less gold there now? (barks) Okay, as you do so, you see a sword. You also see a dagger, you also see the edge of a bow poking out of it. You also see a silverish-colored looking stick or rod. You grab a bunch of stuff? Make a dexterity check. Eight. You do manage to slice into your hand on something. You're holding an armful of sharp stuff. But you come and you dump it out. A sword? A maniac sword. It's gigantic. A couple daggers fall to the ground as well, you had a bow hanging over your neck, and there's a weird silver-colored rod there that has tentacles etched into it in a spiral down around it? A giant red hand comes down and goes claws in. Now there's half of that left. Give or take. Not here in this pile, but you do see a quiver, like something out of the goddamned Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe poking out of that pile of gold. Okay. Can I ask you a question, though. Did you pick up that rod? The moment you do, you feel a headache spring out the side of your head. It's migraine-esque in level. And you feel like you had a quick acid trip. You storm in. There's no lights in here other than the phone you're holding. Right? Okay, you start searching around? Make an investigation check. There is one of those giant, bulk Costco-sized jars of Advil. (laughter) Okay. Still have a headache at the moment, but you're not splitting in half. (growling) You see the snout of something shove into the hallway, just barely. Giant nostrils (snorts). It's gone. Make a dex-- coins? And are you guys-- both of you make a dexterity check. You're both good. That's all you needed. It's sitting out on the floor. You're running like fuck. All right, so you sprint past here. You see this door is open. What's that music, man?! It's just darkened room. You do see some brownies on the table as you run by. You come around the corner and-- you know how I told you there was some light before? This door is slightly ajar and there is a pale, goldish-colored light coming out of it. This door is open as well. You want to peek in? Okay, you creep up. I think it's the server room there with all those machines in it. You see a pale glow basking over all of these terminals in this room. And you hear a voice, faint. You know it. It's Ashley's voice. You hear, "Find-- me-- waiting-- cafeteria." The room goes dark. You heard find, waiting. You hear a loud crunching sound, not a growl. As you guys are at the corner, you guys are here. And you look over your shoulder and you see this end of the tunnel go (crunch)-- You run towards the light. Well, this was the light. It's gone. Now you're just iPhones. As you run past this open door, nonsensically you look and you hear a (creaking). And there is a porthole of a boat scraping by the door and water sloshing in the door. You see an 'I-C' pass by. Cold water spills around your feet, icy cold water. Against the door. You're seeing this go by the door on the inside. The hall behind you (crunching). Okay. You guys bolt up the lobby. It's not dark in the lobby. There's sunlight. You run up to that, you go up and around and you turn left and you see that glass door that we've gone through 1,000 times. You want to go out there? You're going out there. Taliesin grabs the door (deep humming). You feel your thoughts twisting around in your head again. You feel that feeling of you can only imagine high-powered radiation, something-- You can't move. Nobody can move. You're held in place. The moment his hand touched the door (deep humming). You're standing on the steps, and you're looking at the parking lot. Sort of. The door in your hand is rusted and old, and you're looking at the five-story-tall form of a gray, green, legged squid-like monstrosity. Everyone roll a d20. All of you, except for Taliesin, is frozen in terror at the mind-numbing presence of what can only be a harbinger of the end of the world, you think. It is massive. It could crush you if it sneezed on you. Yes, it has. Its head brays at the sky and a groan comes out of it like the sound of a whale magnified for 10,000 miles. If anyone is still alive in Calabasas, they are hearing an all-terrifying groan as it looks down at you. The pulse in your head goes (throbs). The Advil is not working, and you see it flex five stories. This thing is coming out of what used to be Olive Avenue. There is a massive chasm outside of the Warner Brothers lot, and this thing looks as if it were a Chinese dragon. It looks like it is continuing down to that crevice and coming up to here. And it is looking at you and flexing. And you see all over its body, little ridges, little nubs start to bulge and protrude almost like little blackheads pushing out. And then (deep humming) you all feel that same pulse moving through your head as you're frozen in place and Taliesin just agog, one of them goes (explosion). Fires out like a little missile and starts to fall, and the beast is gone, and you're looking at a different sight. The building that it had crushed is there again, but covered in vegetation. Everything is covered in centuries of vegetation. There is a massive pond here in the parking lot. And you watch, dumbstruck, the fear releasing as a thing (splashing) splashes into the pond. You look out to the left at the gate, and there is still a giant chasm where Olive used to be. The nearest land you can see is by the gas station, or what was the gas station three blocks away. The tower, you can see one leg sticking up out of the foliage. You are in dense-- It's just released. And there's a thing in water going (slithering). There's no ceiling over you any more. There's no second floor on the building. All that's left is one of the doors, part of a wall. You're basically outdoors. Where you're standing, you have no idea. All you see is green. The only thing you see that isn't green right now is part of the door next to you and part of the water tower. One of its legs is sticking up like a bony finger. Do you want to count them? There are exactly 25 arrows. You know where you are, right? You're outside the building of ADR5, the leg is 50 yards. You can stealth over there. Y'all can. Or just one person. You're in a new time or dimension. You're making a new stealth check. Oh, you are holding Bixby? All right, so you roll-- I was going to say roll with disadvantage, so we'll call that the roll for you both. What'd everybody else get? 20. Okay. All right, well, you start slorping through the mud and water. Bixby is just as scared as the rest of you and doesn't have the senses you all do, so of course, he lets out a little (barks). And you hear a (slurping noises). Roll for initiative. Hold onto that thought for a minute, okay. Here's the tower leg. You sure do. No one makes Travis and Laura and Taliesin and Sam miniatures, so this is Travis. He's a half-orc. This is Sam as a ranger. Here is a nice goth warlock for Taliesin. But the best one really is-- and I thought this when I got it. Oh, where the hell is it? Is a miniature that looks like fucking Laura Bailey. And it's missing. Oh shit, where is she? There she is. It's just Laura. So here she is. Yep. Okay, here we go, so. 20 to 25? 20, okay. I just get to write down Travis and write 20 next to it. 15 to 20? 17. Okay, Ten to 15. Travis, there is a spawn of fucking hell slithering through the pond towards you right now. And you're up with a sword in your hand. What do you want to do? Less crosstalk! You do have a full gym bag. That's right. I don't know, did you grab it on the way out? You can say yes. Over your shoulder. There's probably something useful in there. Okay, it's really difficult terrain, so you're going at half speed here. So you can go one, two, three here. Here, you want to be here? And do you want to hold? Hold your action? Okay, make a roll to attack. 21. It lands right in front of it and hits it on the lower-- I mean, it's a big tentacled face, and there's a second mouth on the inside, all the little beaky claws on the inside. It poofs in its face and it does the equivalent of a (sneezing). (laughing) Sam, you're up. This is like a two-foot-deep pond, a fetid pond in a swamp. I've got it written on your sheet. Plus four to hit. That's your total? The arrow whiffs past and sinks (splash) into the water behind it. Okay, Laura, you're up. Laura Bailey. Sure you do. I'm new at this, Sam. Okay, cool. You're not slowed down because you're on land, so okay, got it. Laura, you're up. Sure! What is that? You might be able to fish it out of there. It's about a foot and a half, maybe? Do something, or I'm going to pass you by. I'll say that there were three in that pile. Okay, great, that's all you can do. I will say that you are. I'll say that it is momentarily blinded by protein powder. 20 hits. It's written on your sheet, and you get sneak attack damage. 1d4. Plus any damage bonus you have. I have it written here in case you guys-- So plus three on the damage. Did you roll sneak attack, too? One plus three plus one. Is that what you got? All right, well, the knife sinks into-- it has eight eyes, all in a circle around its mouth. It slices right into one of its eyes, which sort of just (bloop) and a little bit of mucus or pus flies out. Okay. Taliesin. Your headache, seeing this thing, throbs harder than ever it did before, and you start to see through a haze of black, almost like a veil has been held over your eyes and you look down and you see almost like the outlines of black tentacles on your own hands. Okay, you want to give it your all? All right, roll to attack. It's on your spell sheet. What's the, there's a plus. So you take that plus. No, you take whatever the number is there plus the plus one. This black tentacle lashes out. You guys all see that. You guys all see it come out of his hand. It splashes in the water right next to it, right next to it. And it goes (gurgling growl) and it cowers? (monster noises) It cowered. It's looking past Travis to see you. It then in anger goes (monster gargles) and flies through the water, right at you. What's your AC? Travis. 12? Yeah, that hits. The thing's tentacles (hissing) and it latches onto your torso. TRAVIS and You take one point of damage. And then, as this thing's facial tentacles wrap around your chest, it then pulls itself in and you see the round mouth of teeth come in for a second strike, clamp onto your nipple and sink in, super sharp, for two more hit points. (laughing) Travis, you're up. I'll call that an attack, sure. Roll to hit. Do it. This game never gets old! Maniac sword is 2d6. Times two, correct. 30?! What did you roll initially? What did you roll on the dice alone? Just tell me what you rolled on the dice. That's seven, so 14. Plus the modifier. The sword cuts down through its face, down through its body. You peel off a piece of bacon from this thing. And it shrivels up, it shrieks right in your face (shriek). It falls onto the ground right at your feet. It's still juking around a little bit. Sam, you're up. Bixby disappears under the surface of the water. Well, you don't have a good line of sight. No, not unless you roll a one. Okay. You've only fired bows at Ren Faire, but fuck it. (arrow noise) The arrow (impact) strikes it into another eye. It goes (gargle). It's not moving. Out of it? Yeah, it is in its eye, that's right. Bixby's splashing in the water. (gurgling noises) I don't know. (laughing) Okay. All right, you splash into the water; you wade in. He was drowning. You pull him up and he splutters. You hold him upside-down and shake him a little bit. You notice, Taliesin, that rod you were holding, with the etched tentacles in it. When you hold it, this arm, that black aura grows larger than in the other hand. Yeah, black tentacles. They're not solid, you can see through it. But it swirls in a spiral and then lashes into it and picks it up and squeezes. And it (spurting) and a couple more eyes go (spurting) and it lands on the ground. Your headache is a little better. It's not gone, but it's better. Make an investigation check. 20? You guys look through the vegetation, you take 15 minutes to dig through here, and there's other sections where there's more fetid water, and there's bugs that are biting, and it smells like ass in a lot of places. You do find a car. The wheels are pudding. The windows are gone. It is smashed all to hell, and there's vines and leaves and ivy growing in it and around it. Everything is brown underneath plant life. You got up to the point where everybody parks when you are visiting for VO, and you're at the base, and you can see, sticking out, the contours of the water tower are there, but it's totally covered over. You can see the street that goes past that, that leads into the pretend town, and the only reason you know it is because you've been here so many times. You recognize the contours of this canyon swooping around, but you do see one piece of what looks like a stoop in a Brooklyn building, nonsensically out of this tropical setting. What do you want to climb? I don't know what's sturdy. You can certainly have at it! Fake Town is like a canyon covered in green. The tower is a hump. There are plenty of vines on it. You could give it a try, try and climb up a vine. It's less scary than the absolute straight up. All right, make an athletics check. Okay, it's really tough. Part of the problem is that the vines are breaking away in your hand, so you can't get a firm grip on it. On the side of Fake Town, you mean? Is everybody going to follow? Make a survival check. There's a fucking door under there. It's coming away. (panting) Oh yeah. It pushes in, in fact it disintegrates as you push through. You're in. It's really mushy. There's much less vegetation in here, although it has crept its way in here. And you do see wooden stairs. Obviously not a Brooklyn building because it was all fake when they made this, whenever they made it. But there is wooden stairs going up. Want to go up? Okay, make a stealth check. Okay. Now make an acrobatics check. You make your way in. You guys can't hear her after she rounds a corner and you see, as you gently put your toes down in different places-- By the way, your phone is dead. You gingerly place your feet down, and you're seeing parts where the wood gives way, but you're finding a few places that are firm. It's a little jittery, but you get up to the second floor of this fake building. There is a window you can see, it is entirely dusted over on the other side, and you can see all this leaves and stuff on the other side. You've got to open the window. Okay. Make a strength check. Yeah! Slides right up. Part of it comes off in your hands as mush and pudding, you throw it down. There is a veil of plants. You spend a minute pulling it aside. You're looking down, around, you went up to the bend, and on the corner you're now looking down to where you once knew, outdoor tables, and the bathrooms, and the commissary, the cafeteria. You can kind of make out, just because of your memory, you know the distance. No. You see trees. You see a seam in the sky go (ripping). Like a wound above, yellow viscous fluid comes and pours and pours and keeps pouring out of the sky and splashes down into this canyon and starts spreading in both directions, towards where the commissary used to be and towards where the tower was. It doesn't look like water, it doesn't look like snot, it's somewhere in-between. Like Vegemite. The rift goes (tearing) and it's gone. It's just blue sky. Are you looking out the door now? There is a frigging foot deep of yellow pus just everywhere. He does come, and he is coated. He's losing his hair. He's balding a bit. You wipe it away, hair comes away as you wipe. You may indubitably give it your best effort! Okay. Yeah, you're able to do that. Everyone is able to follow. You show them where not to step. Travis, roll a d20. You're okay. Not a high bar to cross. Just wanted you to sweat because it's fun. You make it up. You find all of these buildings are connected on the inside because it was all bullshit; it was all magic. It'll take some doing, but probably. You look out, you don't see buildings. As far as you can see, you see green. As far as you can see. Where's Bixby, by the way? As best you can tell, he's half-bald. He's got patches of hair, patches of not. To quote Matthew Mercer in the interest of time, you make your way through the upper floors of Fake Town. You do get close, I think there's a building that's not one of these things before. There's a full-on restaurant. Not in the building you're in, but you do hear leaves rustling around. You hear something. It sounds like one source of movement in vegetation. You heard it through the windows. You're inside one of these buildings. None of your phones work. They're all black. There's another little canyon of plant life, and you do actually see, somehow, one corner of a metal table is managing to poke through all this shit. But you see a bird (fluttering sound) land and sway on a vine. (fluttering sound) Fly off again. Yeah, it was totally normal looking. It was a dove, I think. Super close. You're just in the building one or two doors down. I don't know. Got to get out there. You could make an investigation check, I suppose. 20. You look all around. There doesn't seem to be any trap doors or stairs. It seems like this is as high as you go in this fake building. Everybody make an athletics check on the way down. You guys all make your way down. Taliesin, you step somewhere squishy and you fall straight down through the step. From six feet up, you hit your tailbone super hard, fall on your ass on a knob of a tree stump or something. You take one point of bludgeoning damage. You're all right. You're embarrassed and your butt bone hurts a ton. You're looking out now? You don't see a lot of goop. You see a lot of tall grass and ferns growing out of it. You don't see any goop. Tons of foliage. You're going to be up to your nipples out there in plant. Not that you can see. Laura could explain to you where she saw it. So now you have a rough idea of where it was. It wasn't exactly dead center. It was past center from where you guys are. From where he's standing, all he sees is green. If you look to the right, you do see there's schmear on the sides of the canyon walls. Yeah. No. Snot from the sky. Make a survival check. Five? You find a good grip on a piece of wood. You rip it, and it's exactly that big and everything stays behind. Are we running, or we're sneaking? Everybody roll for stealth. Yes. Nine and eight? Okay. So who's on whose back? You guys creep out. You place your feet down in. It does feel a little juicy, but you can't tell if it's yellow goo or just another puddle in the swamp. I don't know, but you start to make your way through. Weaving, you bang your shin, not too painfully-- that's a metal table in there. You start weaving your way through metal tables, and you can, again, only from memory and the dimensions of these canyon walls, you're like, I think that the commissary is over this way. You start to make your way through there, and as Sam is stepping, a snap. You step on something that snaps like a twig, and you hear all around you, rustling. And you're seeing, almost when you see a squirrel in the ivy or something, the plants on the wall start shaking, and you see a flash of yellow fabric up on the side (rustling sounds). Towards what? Okay, make a perception check. Looking for the door. Plus anything? You are wandering with a dog in your hand, and you're like, "It's here." All right, run and make a perception check. You've got a brain like a steel trap. You run past Laura, you hook her arm and drag her and like a linebacker-- is that the right term in football? Right towards the door, you know where that door is. You reach out and push through, and you feel glass. Man-made glass, through all this leaves and shit. Okay. You're going back in to be a hero? All right. Everybody runs towards it. Travis is motioning, going, "I've found it!" It's not everywhere, but up high near the tops of the building, still (skittering sounds). There's a little bit of a moment, as vines rip away, but you push in. And you guys are all inside a very, very dark room. You don't feel plant or anything, you feel tile under your feet. It's pitch dark. You light the comic book page, and there's a weak little sputter of light. And you look around, and there's no plants in here. There is dust all over everything. It is the commissary that you guys have had lunch in a million times. And the fire burns down the page and burns down and goes down and down, and just as it's about to go out, another light source swells up from the center of the cafeteria, bright light-- you guys shield your eyes. You can't see anything. It's so bright in here. You open your eyes, and between where the tables are and the check-out counter is, is a blue-gold glowing vision of a desk and a flat-screen computer on it, and facing you, the way we are in this room, Ashley Johnson sits, in a flannel and jeans. She sees you and says, "Oh hi, guys!" (laughter) "Oh, you know, I'm almost done. Season five of Blindspot's almost done, and once it's done I'm "coming home, and then I'm going to stay, okay?" "Well, you know, the show is what it is." She goes still for a second. And then (electric sounds) lifts into the air, her arms out to the sides. She's transparent and beautiful, white, feathered wings, translucent, shoot out from her side. She is an angel. Her hair is floating backward. Her eyes are solid white. She is staring past you. She doesn't see you, almost. You can see through her. She's illuminated the entire cafeteria, and a voice of power says, "There's no time. The tower awaits. If you don't "make haste, the clock can never be turned back. Only you. Yeah." (laughter) You feel brave. You feel strong. You gain 25 hit points. She looks to each of you in turn. "I love you guys. Go." And that's where we'll take our break. (shouting) Welcome back to Mr. Toad's Wild Ride. We'll jump back in the game in a second, but we just wanted to remind you that tickets for the CritRole live show are up for sale; you can get them now. The link is in the chat. Also, just less than 24 hours to get the signed Joe Mad poster. Much less. 12ish? Something like that. 100 tomorrow Pacific time. But I'm ready to go. Want to see where this is heading? The light fades. You're standing in the dark, and you feel-- (deep humming) Your brain hurts! It's numb, you can't think! You're not inside anymore. You look around you. Wasteland. Total wasteland. The remains of a few buildings, but not much. Scorched earth. Everything is ash and desolation. San Fernando stretches for miles to the hills to the north, a vast valley of scorched earth and the odd fragment of fallen civilization jutting up a few stories at best. And behind you, the hills bordering what probably once was Hollywood stand barren. Grim. The only thing that dominates the landscape is the tower. Gleaming. Almost like new. Like it were built in 1927. The Warner Brothers water tower. Standing above the waste. Rifts in the sky above it tear open for a moment. (ripping) Vanish as quickly as they come, every six or seven seconds. Lightning storm around it. And that's when you realize it. You've been here before. Or maybe not here. Somewhere like here. Together. You four have adventured together before, and you'll do it again. You've lived a thousand lives before this together. You'll live a thousand more after this. You're living a thousand lives right now in other worlds. [dramatic music] You know that you are linked and have been throughout eternity. The tower stands in the distance. What would you like to do? There's no buildings between you and it now. It is just a field-- No, just brown scorched dead earth. As you get closer to it, you do see something. You see patches of yellow all along the legs of the tower. You see Liams glued, Geiger-like, all over the legs of the tower, some sort of mucus-like membrane over them, holding them in place. They're also not-- Liam's about 5'11", that you remember. These are about four feet? Electricity courses through the metal of the tower, into them. (electricity sounds) Back out again. All through the legs. The whole thing is charged. And above, now that you're closer, you couldn't see it before, in the sky, circling the peak of the tower, you see a gaunt, corpse-like steed, a horse of the apocalypse, leaving a trail of fire behind it as it circles the tower. On it rides a shriveled corpse with red hair straggling behind it. And as you draw even closer, it hits you. There is no mistaking that thin, towering frame. That is fucking Conan O'Brien. (laughter) He is moving! All that's left on the bottom is a skeletal jaw. The flesh stops here, but that signature pompadour is a little ragged, but it's still there. The horse lands with a (clang) on the top of the water tower. The horse shrieks. It's terrifying. Fills your ears, and the O'Brien lich-- And the tower pulses the entire thing with a greenish-yellow light, like radiation, and you see the Liams, the small Liams on the legs start to jitter and jive on there and (squelching) and in four or five places, another Liam fires out of a Liam and another Liam fires out of a Liam-- Hard to tell. Here is your water tower. Husks of cars. Husks of buildings. Oh dear! They do not make a Conan mini. He's sitting up here. And there are also not maniac Liam figures. He's standing on top. He's on the horse on the tower. Roll for initiative, please. It's staring at you as you walk up. 25 to 20? 15 to 20? What? Ten to 15? Okay. Under 13? What did Bixby roll? Oh, your initiative. Thank you. I knew that, obviously. Who got the nine? Travis. Okay. The lich kicks the sides of this nightmare steed's broken ribs and goes, "Ooh!" and the horse takes off to the sky and flies a little closer. And now it is Taliesin's turn. Given by angelic Ashley and the DM. Roll to attack. 20? That hits! Laura, it is your turn. No. You're over here by this husked-out car. He's there. Taliesin is taking up your hiding spot. Their eyes are on you. They're coming. I'll allow it at disadvantage, because they're dumb as sticks but they're looking this way. Roll for stealth at disadvantage. Yeah, that didn't work. You duck behind a car that has no walls or anything. They're looking right through. Understood. Okay. Travis, you're up. I would say it's this crouching Liam right here. (heavy footstep sounds) Oh, full movement for you is six, right? I'll reverse time. You can either go as far as you can go, or you can use all your movement to go up. Just one dagger. Okay. Roll to attack. Oh, got to flip the page, sorry. (whoosh) Flies past his head. Sam, you're up. (barks) I'm going to play fast and loose with the pug and I'll let you take a couple steps to the side to get a clear shot. Hits. Roll for damage. Seven. The arrow shoots and goes straight into Liam's eye. (death rattle) And it looks up at you, Travis, and goes, "Buddy." Yes, they do actually. Sorry. All right. One Liam attacks ranger Sam. What's your armor class? You just go, "oh Jesus!" And he misses entirely. What's your armor class? Yeah, these things are not that strong. So you just go, hey, buddy! And he smashes into the ground. Now it is this fellow's turn. He gets closer. "Shazbot!" You fall to the ground, stunned. Nope. You can't move, you can't think, you can't do shit. Taliesin, you're up. Okay. Roll to attack. Hits. The tentacle goes (whoosh) slides around Liam's neck like a necktie, and his whole head freezes, breaks, and he's gone. Travis, make a constitution save right now. Your turn is gone, but you came out if it. You look up in the sky, and you see that red haired motherfucker go, "Meh." Sam, you're up. That's where he is. That's where you see him. Yeah, he's in your face, and if you try to fire at him with your bow-- Where are you on that list? Oh, it's because my writing sucks, so why don't you go now? You can get close enough to throw. Not sneak attack, obviously, but go for it. Is it a surprise, or is it a crit? I get quadruple damage? I just want you to fail, Laura. That's all. It sinks (knife sound effect) right into his sternum. (death rattle) "Twinnie!" Yeah, I just took the player off. It's sticking straight out. Okay, now it's Sam's turn. Make a dexterity check. Yeah. I'm sorry, you take eight points of-- you're good. All right, I'll call that a freebie. And now what? Go for it. Hits! All right, definitely hits. He (hisses) breaks it off and lets it fall to the ground. Lich's turn. Oh man. He points at you. Hold on, this is where the cracks show! I don't remember the spell! Shit. Hold on. I'm pulling up the app! Oh man. He points at you, and a swirl of white icy cloud forms around his hand and shoots right at you! (spell firing) Right past your shoulder, strikes the ground behind you. Did I get that right? Yep! Missed you! I rolled. Okay, now it is Taliesin's turn. Here, you think? I'll say you can make it do things. Okay, the dagger floats up in the air, Bixby chasing after it (barks). And goes right to your hand. And you see just traces of octopus tentacles in your vision for a second, but it's gone. Maybe you imagined it. Travis you're up! Yep. (bloop) You got three more squares left. (laughing) About 50, 55 feet away. Roll and pray for not one! The sword flies up, (spinning sounds) 15 feet too low, and comes back down-- No, it doesn't. It's five feet away from you. Sam, what would you like to do now? Wait! Did I skip you again? I did, because I wrote your name-- Liam, Liam, two Liams on the ground. Oh, you're right, thank you! Awesome! What's your AC, Sam? Oh, it doesn't matter. Taliesin and Travis what are your ACs? Okay. You both get hit. Liam slashes at your chest, Travis, for two points of damage! He leaves a raking claw down. That nipple that healed is cut again. Misses you, though, Taliesin. He saw the black energy swirling around your arms, and (gibbers). I've lost my track. Laura. Okay. All right, you're there. Okay. Roll to attack. This hurts me, Laura. 15 hits. You sink it into his back and drag it down his shoulder. (death rattle) He dies. Sam, you're up. Think I got a little bollixed in my lineup, but I think you're up now. Yeah, right here by Taliesin. Conan? (counting) Yeah, you're good. Go for it. 17 does hit. (impressed noises) All right. It sinks between two ribs and hangs there. He doesn't pay much attention to it. This one sees Laura distracted with her kill and lashes out and tries to bite into your ribs, and it does bite into your ribs. You feel Liam O'Brien's teeth sink in and take a bite out of your side. One hit point of damage. The lich flies closer to you still, Sam. Points at you again. No. Love spells. Love them. He points at you again, and that ice flies out of his hand again. This time hits you full-force. You feel sleet and ice covering your entire body. The whole front of your body starts to freeze and burn. You take 25 hit points of damage. No. Ranged, just like an arrow. So where're you at? You are slow-moving, too. You are reduced in speed. 40. Is that Silly Putty? Doesn't make it. Laura. Eat that taffy and attack that motherfucker. Anyone you want. There's a Liam next to you. Pick your O'Brien. Okay, go for it. Roll to attack. Taliesin's there. You're good. That hits. Okay. You sink the dagger into Liam's stomach, right through the bellybutton. Blood goes (spurting). He clings at that arm and pulls you down and says, "I loved you like a sister." It's totally messed up now. Travis, what would you like to do? Sure, you can. (counting) He calls down and says, "I'm listening!" Roll to attack. You turn to Riegel to do what nobody else is willing to do. You bring that sword down, and you look into Sam's big, giant eyes and big smile, and you can't do it and you swing wide. Sam's turn. What's your AC, Travis? You feel small teeth sink into your ankle and tear at a tendon a little bit. You take one hit point of damage from Bixby the pug. You hear (ripping). (laughs) The lich flies his horse-- ah, he's dead! He wants to finish what he started. He points at Sam again. Let's see, where did it go? You are frozen over for 14 hit points of damage. Covered like an icicle. Taliesin, what would you like to do? You want to swing wide of that guy? Conan or a Liam? That hits. Wait, you're hitting Conan, right? That hits. Sure. I counted. Laura, you're up. You're right on top of him now. You don't have any, but you can maybe rip off of some of his t-shirt and try to-- Man, your hands are so cold now. Travis, you're up. Where are we? He takes two death-- well, you have to roll to hit, right? Help me out, Taliesin. Do you have to roll to hit? You just automatically hit? That's familiar. Okay, that arm you wanted to chop off before? Breaks free. Three Liams converge on Taliesin. What's your AC? That hit. Okay. One of them just faceplants right under your legs and eats shit, but two of them latch onto your arms and bite into each separate arm. You take a total of four points of damage as they rend away part of the flesh of your biceps. Suddenly, you hear a deafening (ripping) and the sound of a motorcycle (engine sounds). You all turn and look, except for Sam, over in this direction. I don't have a motorcycle mini, but you see two figures plowing through the dirt on a motorcycle with a sidecar. You see they're familiar, but they don't look the same. You see a badass cut fucking woman with red hair streaming behind her, tats all up her arms and a bandanna tied around her head. And in the sidecar is this fucking dude with long hair and an eyepatch and a shotgun hanging off his side with a guitar. And the motorcycle pulls up right here. Here is the sidecar. Here is the driver of the motorcycle. And they look over you, and Mercer shouts, "We don't have much time! We have to act now!" Marisha, cut like Linda Hamilton, leaps off the motorcycle, does a flip here (whoosh). You see her go (impact, fire). No, she is not. Her muscles flex and a dragon swirls around her hand and fire shoots out, (flame impact) hits the Warner Brothers tower. It explodes in flame. You hear metal creak and groan (creaking). (crash) Grizzled Matt Mercer jumps down out of the sidecar and says, "Hold on! I know it's rough. "You're the only thing that can fix this!" He whips the guitar off and goes (guitar chord). You feel vibrations rush out over all of you. Your wounds close up. Sam starts to thaw. The arm goes (shoonk). All the ice melts away. Any wounds you have heal. Whatever your hit point total was after Ashley, you have just received 30 hit points. So if you're at zero, you're up as high as you can go. These Liams-- They're still there. You don't go higher. If you were at full, you're at full. These three Liams explode like sausages. (squelching) Marisha yells, "It's already over! There's no--" (ripping) The horse goes (horse scream), crumbles to dust and Conan goes, "Fuck!" Crawls to his feet. Conan is still here. One, two, three, four. He reaches out with skeletal hands at your face, Laura. What's your AC? 13, you say? Okay, you take 11 points of damage, and please make a constitution save. You feel the veins throb in your neck. A seven? The muscles lock up. You can't move. Taliesin, you are up. Yes. It does now. Okay, so what was the total damage? Okay. Laura's frozen. Travis, you're up. 15 hits. Of damage? Okay. You hack his arm off. Falls to the ground. 15 total, you said, right? 14, okay. We are now on to Sam. What would you like to do, Frosty? Yeah. Level 20, yo. No, you're not too close, but you probably want to get clear of Laura. All right, make a medicine check. You run over, you start to kiss her. You cut your lip on her teeth. The lich turns towards Big Man here. What's your armor class? Make a constitution save, please. You take 12 points of damage, and you feel your muscles start to lock up and you go, "Pull it "together, Travis!" (breathes heavily) You're still moving. No, it was 12, that's right. Taliesin, you are up. Double the dice. In what manner would you like to kill this? And the tentacle slaps and slaps and slaps and knocks bone after bone away. He backs up and goes (whines). Does that little thing Conan does. Snips, and all the bones go (collapsing noises) to the ground. You feel flexibility come back to your arms. Okay, the Gym Bag of Holding? All right, you have a lich's skull. No. The tower is slowing melting into the ground. Bixby comes waddling up to you with a bone in his mouth and he drops it and looks up at you all. You feel (wind noises)-- you get pushed forward through time, who knows where? That's the end of the session. Really, I was waiting for different music to kick in about a minute ago. It didn't come and the (thump, thump) was making you guys go, "What's next?" You guys are together somewhere, with a dog. Oh man, I'm sure I fudged so many rules. That was so meta! TRAVIS and Yeah, we totally could. Do we want to take a fiver and fly out the couch? All right guys, totally winging this tonight. We're going to fly out all this shit and bring in a couch. We'll do 30 or 40 minutes of questions. All right, start tweeting #criticalrolebixley. Well, something different than just #criticalrole. #criticalobrien. With an E. Anyway, that was a ton of fun. I was totally freaking out in the first five minutes, and then it didn't matter anymore. We're doing it live. There are so many questions on this hashtag we threw out. I'm a little overwhelmed. Holy shit. Let's go through the hashtag and find some questions. Thanks. That was a lot of fun for me to do. Someone's asking, I mean, we get it all the time, I guess we can put it to rest, how old our characters are. That makes sense. 27 I think is what we said at one point. It could be 28 at this point. Someone asked how much-- not the Cthulhu portion of the game, but how much the early part of the game was true to life. We were talking about a real place that we work at a lot and people we see, and some of that was realistic. That would be the hard one. I keep thinking it would be fun, for a one-off, magically have-- No, to be Vax, but with one of your personalities in me so I would have to be you in me and start talking like this the whole time, you know? But if I were Vax's body with Percy inside, I'd have to start talking the way you do. I know the one I would not want to do is Scanlan because I don't think I could pull it off. People are curious what class Marisha was for her brief cameo. She was a monk. I asked everyone what they thought they would be. That's not true; I didn't ask Ashley, but I knew what I wanted to do for the story. Marisha texted me somewhere in the middle of the game because I told Matt and Marisha about all of this. I was too flummoxed to answer, but she said, "If you don't "have me say 'dope' somewhere in there..." Sorry, Marisha. It all went by so quick. I don't know. I will say that Vax is head-over-heels, completely in love with Keyleth, so if you guys want him to go get it on with Gilmore when he is seriously in love with another person, okay. I do, too. Well, listen. I said literally the day before I announced that I was going to do this that I didn't want to do this, and the next day I totally flip-flopped, because I was too busy with work. I knew that I wanted to do something eventually. I just figured it would be six or seven months from now. But then I had all this time open up to work on something, and the idea popped into my head. I always knew I would want to do something totally different from what Matt does because he does it better than anybody. I don't want go anywhere near high fantasy because he does it so perfectly, so I thought I would go in the opposite direction and try to make my friends-- Eventually, as I thought it all out, I just started thinking, what would the artists like to draw? That's what it was like in the back end of designing. I don't know. Probably still a rogue. I think that's what I would lean towards. Hide and fucking stab when no one's looking and then just hide and hide and hide. Yeah, I like wizards, too. Well, I was in that conversation, too. Somebody asked if Vax knew that Gilmore wasn't Gilmore when he stabbed him. And I did think that it was somebody else before because his voice dropped and he became very unGilmore-like. I didn't immediately think rakshasa. I just didn't think it was Gilmore. Someone asked if what they saw-- this is related to the earlier question-- if what they saw was the average day in a voice actor. I mean, we hammed it up, but sure. Sessions, a free morning working out and then going to a session, or two sessions. Sam directing and rushing over somewhere. You could be a serial killer. I don't know. Oh. I know that. I know it was. Yeah, if you wind up in front of me and audition. The truth is, when I direct, I don't do much casting. I do a little bit. I do some suggesting, but most of the casting comes from elsewhere, and I direct who shows up in front of me. TRAVIS, LAURA, and I've heard that. Not 90 times in a row, but I've heard someone say pick up. Plus, we're coming at this as actors doing an improv show. Almost anything is game. Yeah, I would do it again. I don't want to do it all the time, because it's a lot of work, and with two kids and my work schedule, I'm pretty crazed. I will say, I was very anxious about it in the leadup, but five minutes into it, I was having a blast, I didn't care, wasn't worried about what I was going to say. Beforehand, I was like, "I'm "going to fuck it up. Am I going to say that at the right time?" Totally didn't matter, didn't care, it was just fun. Thanks, man. My hipster rakshasa shirt comes from Threadless.com. A bunch of people asked. Is it a complicated system? I saw a college production of Jesus Christ Superstar when I was 13 and it got me very interested in acting. Spring Awakening and Fun Home are in heavy rotation. What? Well, if you're a human being in a t-shirt with nothing on you, it's kind of rough. I'd like to ask this question from @KatyKreation. For Travis. What the hell, dude? The t-shirt contest did get moved to next week. Someone has asked, was the Liam in the recording studio the real Liam, or was there a Liam mastermind somewhere? I would say, in my imagination, it was the real Liam. And I got pulled apart and set off a chain of Liam duplication. That I can't answer. A fragment, yeah. I think the most recent was the worst for me, being up there with the rakshasa. It felt like getting hit by a bus. It felt like I was out of my control. Shit just creamed me. I felt like Matt totally fucking hoodwinked me, and it emotionally fucked me up for a few days. Setting you up for that amazing moment and jumping out! I was super curious to see what you guys would do once you realized you were playing as yourselves at the same fucking places you go everyday. He's cold, like the universe. It's fine. Somebody asked, if we die, what are we going to reroll as. That also reminds me of, when are these two characters going to get together? or when are you doing to this? And at least my answer is, never going to tell you because I feel like that's going up to J.K. Rowling when you haven't read anything and saying, what happens at the end of the final book? We're not going to tell you anything that hasn't happened in the future because we want it to unfold in front of you. You can keep sending those tweets, but it's ultimately going to go down the toilet. Hey, how to get into voice acting. Take some acting classes, go to where the work is. Boom. Done. Next. Sam's commercial Pizza Hut. Question. I've seen that a thousand times on the internet. I'm not sure if that's a regret, but that moment. A lot of shit and talk from the fans and a lot of what I thought about swirling around that moment with the Raven Queen. That was a huge deal for me in the game because what I thought was doing in that split second was bowing out as Vax so that Vex could continue. That's what I was doing. I wasn't angling for the armor, I wasn't trying to get a cool story. I was like, what I've always said is that Vax dies for Vex and I'm going to die now and Laura will get to keep playing this character and I'll come back as a fill-in-the-blank. And fucking Mercer spins everything all over the place and it wasn't what I wanted, and Vax did want to follow Sarenrae, and he was in love, and becoming the right hand man of the fucking Cryptkeeper made it problematic for all of that. So the first week or two after that I was like (sad sigh) why? Maybe you should have just killed me. (frustrated sigh) It took like ten episodes to go through Empire Strikes Back to maybe poke my head up slightly at the very end of that, but it was a huge fucking downturn. Ninjas. Is it the day before Friday yet?