Come back, Shane! No singing Travis? You think Grog is above that? You're going to wing it? You remember your numbers? Yeah, go get it, we're doing announcements. She's also a delightful knucklehead, so BAFTA aside. Cheers to a seven-hour stream. It's a good game. Hey man, I know you guys all love Wyrmwood Gaming, but like this free-- the shipping is killing me. Well the good news is, if you use the code "critrole" you don't have to pay the shipping, you just pay the cost for the box and they send it to you. These boxes by Wyrmwood Gaming. The code again is "critrole". Not only that, but they have a Kickstarter going on. They are now selling, or they're kickstarting their Sentinel deck box, which looks like this. This is a regular. Now, for fans of the show, you can get our logo etched into any of the boxes at any tier. But again, if you want to go full Gilmore, we have the Masterworks box, which is freaking gorgeous. The dice go in here, the Bluetooth is hidden in there. You'll never lose your shit. And then all your cards go there. Lastly, if you go over to their Facebook page right now for Wyrmwood Gaming, they're doing a contest. They're giving away one of these mofos. So all the rules for how the contest works are there. And you can get one of these for looking at their Facebook page. Critrole! I walk up alongside him and say, listen, I know you're not used to weaponry, but take this, please. It's a loaner. And I take my Keen Dagger and I stick it in his hand. I give him the Keen Dagger and say, hold this. It's a loner. It's very sharp. Be careful with it, all right? If you get caught on your own, stab. That's all you got to do, is stab. That is not what that does. At a disadvantage since I contradicted her? That's another knife I have. Yes. 15. It's 15. Give me this, you fucking hoarder. What's the matter with you? What are you-- I push him off, ten feet away from the group, and I pull out the same Keen Dagger-- Here's a different one. This is a normal dagger. I just don't want what happened to you before to happen again, all right? You can even put it in your belt, just have it. All right? It's a normal dagger, it's fine. My sister is intimidating. What? Hold on to it. No, it doesn't. 22. Cha-cha slide. 45. I am one-dimensional. We're looking for orcs. They're what we're looking for. Aren't they going where we want to go? We want to get rid of all of them, so follow these guys back to the bee's nest and we can take care of the hive. Why don't I go a little bit ahead, you follow behind by about 50 paces and the rest of the group behind you? They're not coming from where they're from, they're going. I'm not far ahead, but I'm ahead. I'm like 30 yards ahead. Okay, so I saw that. Okay. But they're still a ways off, right? How far back are we? All right, well, I turn back to the group. Can we go around the sides-- Flank them ahead of time. Scanlan, you create a distraction-- -- closer to here? You want to get that guy down to the treeline and get the people out. Well, this may be it for orcs? This could be all of them, or it could be just a forward camp, so we need to keep one alive. And find out if this is the end of it, or if there's more. I've lost track of all you've done in the past 24 hours. Could you send everybody through a tree, even back to where their people are? Yes, that's good. That's good. They can go down to the workout room, so they don't soil the other chambers. You need to go full Burt Reynolds out in front of that camp and get the bulk of them running towards you. Blow your shawm. But you're the only one who can make a Hefner mansion out of thin air. We'll all go together. Wait, Keyleth does the distraction. As soon as she goes, you go. So once those guys start running towards her-- But you know what you're doing, right? Wait! Let's get in position! You and I can do a lot more hurt to these guys if we're closer to the position we have to go? I'll take the long way around, this way. Yeah. With an eye for the shithead who's tormenting that guy in the tree. 45. I turn to Grog. I'm moving a little closer, just a bit, stay there. The opposite of that. This is your spot, this is your spot! And I creep towards the trees, a tree closest to me, so I can get closer. Which is the orc that's throwing the javelins on that map? Okay. The other tree closer to you. Yeah, and I'll hold there. Do you want the app? You can search. Search! Fire elemental? Big, bright fire elemental? I'll give you level-two challenge rating. Centaur! Green dragon wyrmling! Will o' the wisp! Crunch. Couldn't have gone with the will o' the wisp. They would have floated right above it. But that wasn't us! No, let him do his thing. It's marble madness, everybody. It's all right, Wendy will draw some dryads falling into the spikes-- 25. Poo. What are we doing, are we waiting, are we going? I-- I'm going to sling a dagger. I'm going to click my Boots of Haste. I did? Then I'm going to sling a dagger. Great, thank you. I'm going to sling a dagger at the orc right in front of those two bears. There. Yeah. All right. So advantage. I got a 21. Okay. All right. So I'm going to roll for damage. So this is Assassin. It is not surprise? Here comes the sneak attack damage, Two, four, that was the worst sneak attack damage ever. (counting) 29. I would like to use my bonus action to hide. 30. And then I'm going to use my movement to squish down into the snow a bit, up to here, feathers sticking out a little bit. Pushed it through. Come on, Trickfoot! Dag, yo! Oh, look at that smile. Okay, Sam, I'm going to need five small pain reactions and five large pain reactions. Attack and damage, attack and damage. All right, I'm still hidden, so I'm going to move along the side of the tent behind those barrels. And I want to throw two daggers at the magic-using orc. Didn't you say one of them was with a circlet? That one. Yeah, and I'm going to use my Sharpshooter ability to do negative five to the attack roll, plus ten to damage. I'm going to use Luck. Same exact roll. First one-- Okay. I need Wyrmwood! Critrole. 17 from the first. 17 hits. And the second one is 15. Misses, but the sneak attack damage travels on the first dagger. Yes it does. So here it comes. (counting) 33. 33 plus six! 39. Oh. No, it's not! 49. Hey, go fuck yourself. I stare him down. But it's already happened. What a Raiders moment! (rock voice) Knock-knock. Yeah, go for that. Hey, that's not bad. Does she paddle the canoe down? Come on, golden child. I want the Pike. Such an Ashley thing to do. That was your good jaw. Orc down, orc down! All right, I'm going to curve around to the front of the tent I'm at and start aiming at the larger orc who's whacking on Keyleth there. I see them, I note them, and I'm throwing two daggers at the person attacking Keyleth, the thing. First one is, and I'm using-- I'm going to use Luck. That's a point, straight up in the air. Fuck, okay, the first one probably misses. 16, and I was using the minus five, so the first one probably misses, 11. Yeah. All right, second one. Second one is a 26. Which hits, and since he's up against Keyleth I get sneak attack damage. So here comes the damage. (counting) 25. Sorry, sweetheart. And I feel the dagger go-- How much left? Like five or ten? I'm going to walk up right up next to Keyleth in front of the bear. One, can I go diagonally? Yeah, yeah. 27. Aren't you far away? For the rest of the arc. Don't be a happy bear, be a sad bear. Get it, girl. That's all right. Has he seen a cave with a sphinx in it? Juicing, man, he's juicing. Let's get this camp cleared and get these people inside Scanlan's love shack. Grog. We should bury the dead. There's piles of dead, we should bury them. We'll put them in the pit and then we'll cover it up. Gimme a hand. Can't we go in your house? Let's pack it in early. Who knows what'll happen tomorrow? Yeah, tomorrow morning. You'll figure this broom out eventually. You nerd. Good aim from the broom? Okay. I've watched Harry Potter, they always have two hands on the broom. Because it's fun. By the way, blackbird has a hit point of one, so technically you popped back into gnome form the second you hit the ground. Yeah. I never stopped digging, can I assume that everybody's buried? Yes please! (laughter) Tyriok! Could I have my loaner back, please? I'll take that carefully. Thank you. I'm going to make an insight check on Grog. Yeah. 16. I've never had a whisper before! On the show. Scanlan, maybe not black birds for a while. All right? It's a touchy subject. Stay away from black birds for a while. Thanks, buddy. Lead me in as far as you went. Yeah. Where you flew over, yeah. In the entrance and down those stairs. 20. No, 17. Checking for traps, I should know this, but is that separate from perception for me? But is it a different roll? Traps? Or is it just perception and investigation? It's only my third year doing this. I'm pulling out Flametongue dagger. I did an investigation check. Yeah, I'll do it again here. I'm going to use Luck. 18. Common, Elvish, and Abyssal. I walk up with my dagger and hold it underneath. There's a fairly good chance we need to go down through this. Grog and Keyleth? You're probably the best suited for this, you because your fucking chest is so big and you because you can turn into water. Grog. Go with her. Ninja sharks. Up the stairs. Behind us is stairs up. Part it. An air tunnel for us. So we're going through water to get to air. Is it covering like a rug all in front of us? So are we able to pick our way through? I'll go behind Grog. Right where we are, I'm going to take my Flametongue dagger and go in a circle and detect traps. Detect some traps. 18. If it's in Celestial and it says, "those who made us," I highly doubt that the dragons are the ones that made the architects of this structure. Careful, please? Pike? Does this mean anything to you? I use the Flametongue dagger. Scanlan, grab your horn, call out, say that Osysa sent us. Don't you have a cone? Scanlan, can I borrow your horn? Your cone? I grab Scanlan's horn. Osysa sent us, can you hear us? I'd like to use acrobatics to ignore the rope and use the sides of this little tunnel to do that going up. That is 25. 25 again. 25 acrobatics. I have a regular 50-foot rope and I'm tying a loop and I'm going to throw it down towards Grog and try to get it down so he can hold onto it and help pull while he does what he's doing. I grab Grog by the beard and pull. I'm pulling on his beard, can I cancel his disadvantage? I start shaking out his beard and getting all the crap out. And it's like, fwang! Traps, I'm looking for traps. Yeah, that's good. That is a 27. I'm going stealth. 30 for stealth. Deathwalker's Ward, I'll have resistance to fire. Let's sit and let Grog catch a breath, shall we? Take 20 paces back. And wait for me to open the door and look in. All right. I'm a little better at being invisible, but go for it. It was great. Do I need to make another stealth check at this point? All right, so I'm going to-- Just stay back, there's no point in all of us getting with something. And I move 20 feet ahead of everybody. Going to use my second Luck today because I rolled a one. That's better. Perception, you said? 22. Does it remind me of anything I've seen in my dreams? I don't hear any eight-legged friends around? I could be grasping at straws, but I'm getting a bit of an arachnid vibe in here. I'm not sure. There's three passages, there's webbing of some kind to the left and to the right, and some sort of divot or bowl on the ground. I think you can all come in. Quietly. 23. Shorthalt, come here. Look at this thing. Look there and there. These are like the-- Yeah, do you still have the doohickus? Do you want us to shove it in the hole? That's why I called you over, man. Eenie, meenie, miney, mo. Catch a druid by the toe. If she hollers, let her go, eenie, meenie, miney-- I push Scanlan a bit up ahead of me. Get that silver tongue of yours ready, all right? Would you like me to do that? 24. Look at the fire. (laughs) How are we supposed to know your name? Is it Osyso? I'm going to click my Boots of Haste. Can I use a bonus action to hide and then hold? Any stuff? Where am I in there? So I'm going to hide. I'm going to move backward around the corner and hide. Yeah. Okay. 25. And I'm going to hold for the moment he attacks any of my friends. Shit. 17. Yup. Is it charm, by any chance? And does it have anything to do with charm or sleep? Nope, okay. 17. 17. Three legendary actions? Can I attack him now, while he's casting, because I held my turn? Okay, so I'm hidden and Grog's next to him, which would normally put me at advantage, but he's got me afraid, which puts me at disadvantage, which means it cancels out and it's one straight roll, right? On the attacks? Okay. Good. So I'm going to throw-- I'm hasted, I'm going to throw two daggers at him. The first one is, probably hits, where's the freaking page? 23 for the first. 18 for the second. Do they both hit or just the first? I'm only doing two. 18. Okay, so the first one is seven, the second is seven. And I want to use the rest of my turn to, as I'm hasted, to run around to the back of that obelisk and start reading. Yeah. I'm going to use evasion. Okay. Dexterity, so 14. No, eff it, I'm going to use my last Luck of the day. Ugh, barely any better. 16. Mm-hmm. Yes. With evasion, if I fail, I take half damage. So I didn't hear the number because I was reading, what was--? Had a little flicker. Fey spiders, you son of a-- oh god, I keep hitting that, we got to fix that. I'm taking a quick look at the obelisk that I'm right in front of, I think it's in Elvish, isn't it? There's nothing on it, nothing to do. I'm going to throw three daggers through the web. Is that the one-- so Percy's over there? I'm going to throw three daggers through the web over there. 13. 30. And 17. 13, 30, and 17. Ten and eight. And I can't move any closer to the sphinx at this point, right, because of the fear? So I'm stuck here, am I? I will do that. I'd also like to take one step to the right. This way, yeah. And no, I rolled an eight for wisdom. Ocho. Time slippage, man. The code is "critrole", and you will not have to pay for any kind of shipment in any way, shape, or form. The wood still costs. Travis is flexing his boobies. And then time shifts and we're back in. It was a circle. Heat don't hurt. I think we should stop there. We should not go into the wind. Center. Yeah. His name is probably Jamal Porter. Squiggly lines. Snake shape and a box. (Grog voice) Six. It said six. Keep it away from Pike and Grog! Yeah. Instinct, buddy. Yes it is, come on. Can I try to make my wisdom save before I do anything, or does that come at the end? All right. Then I'm going to come around the corner. I know. Can I walk over, yeah, ten feet that way and see it scowling down at Pike. And put three daggers in its flank. First one misses, it's a 13. 24. And a 15. Yeah. Eight. Eight points of damage. I'm going to try to shake off the fear. But am I at disadvantage because of the fear? I thought I was at disadvantage. I did three attack rolls, but I thought that to get sneak attack damage I need advantage, but if I'm afraid, I don't have advantage. All right. I thought that meant that, sorry. All right, I'll take it. Four, seven, 13, 25. Added to what I said before, which was eight, so 33. I don't know what I rolled, so I'm going to roll again. 20. Can I use the rest of my movement? I'm going to run up to the side of the sphinx. Don't do damage to yourself. Seven. 11. Mup. And I'm not afraid, but I'm deaf. Karimaljika? I'm going to use my bonus action to disengage from the sphinx and I'm going to run around the whirlwind, and as I move I'm taking the rope which I already made a loop on, and I'm going to throw the loop over Grog's head on one end, and I'm going to jump into the whirlwind holding tightly-- I'm going to, into there, I'm going after Scanlan. And I was hasted and I ran at the whirlwind. It's really quiet in here. But then again it would be really quiet out of here as well. I deftly roll my eyes so fucking hard. I don't see or hear him, so I assume he is healing my sister right now, and I feel comforted. I probably look really good with ten years on me. I'm not here. Aw, he softballed you with that one. Bye, guys. I can't hear you. What did you say? Hahaha, good one, that was a good one. Hazing. Who doesn't love hazing, right? Dwarven Forge. Obviously for Scanlan. Hey, we're friends with your girlfriend, want to give us some stuff? Percy, that was made for you. (singing) It's the last midnight.