They're very soft on the inside. And the code for free shipping is CritRole. CritRole, and the shipping is free. She put it all up. She did a group shot and then she did this long row of each separate. We have more than one set of clothes. Well, I love everyone in the room and I love all of you watching, so thank you. (laughter) What about-- I know someone needs to mind the store here in town, but Cassandra was in their pockets for a long time, and what about Father-- Technically royalty before. Not well. Not with that face. So all the messages-- because I sent word out to Gilmore, as well-- we haven't heard anything back from anyone, though. It's too soon, yeah? Percival, you have the run of this place, somewhat. Can't you walk us through an oak tree? And everything is good here for when we go, Percival? Your sister and everyone, Keeper what's-his-butt? Well, first there were dinosaurs. That's in the Wayback Machine. Victor, the powder guy. Ivan from the other show? Do you mean Ivan, from the show before us? She's the brains of the group. I'm just going to say, here's what we don't know if we beat the letters home, if we try to walk up with the letter, we should send someone to them with the letter because probably Uriel came to his senses once Sylas was hit with some dicks? Who? He's long gone, man. I don't know where he is. Get in line. But I don't think we want to walk up ourselves, just in case. We should send somebody. All right. Well, let's jump through. Maybe we need more letters. We don't know. Roleplay this, Sam. Those notes are written on her Pathfinder sheet, tucked in. Pick a fat tree. After all that pie, Trinket's a little wide in the haunches. Tolkien would be proud, Matt. As he walks down the stairs, I call out don't get caught, shithead. You must leave immediately? I come out behind my sister and I take him by the hand and I say Tiberius, your friendship was always valued here. I don't think we'd be standing here without you. I will never forget you. Safe travels, Stormwind. Said the S.H.I.T.s. (laughter) Yes, how did you fare? Boy, what was your name again? I mean, I asked you a direct question. But that's all right. Matthew Mercer. Anemone Tea. You've kept the house in order. Good job, thank you. Traditional Emon breakfast. Yeah, fried tomato. Yeah, blood sausage. You dick. Desmond. Yeah, that's unfortunate. But there it is, right in front of you, all red and swollen, gross. Can you do this? Can you do this, Desmond? Yeah, I did too. Oh, there we go, a kid. I think Whitestone owes this boy a little coin. Percival. Coin. Yes. Fine. Fine. Somewhat higher than zero. You just blow in his thumb and all the fingers go-- That took a long time, though. O'Brien approves. Coin, Percival, coin. You shut up. You are so caring. This conversation is now making me uncomfortable. Your greed is endearing. Yes, our diplomat. Yeah, I mean, it's probably fine, but I really don't think we should walk up, just in case. The last time we saw Uriel, he was rather awful to us, and I think he's probably fine after we took out the Briarwoods, I think, but I'm not a hundred percent sure and I like my head on its shoulders. I don't know, it's an unknown quantity. C'mon, snitch. I see a guard I recognize and I go "Oh, I got my snake!" I'm thoroughly impressed. I pull her a little further along with me, and we step up. If I may, Vox Machina would not be here today without the aid and advice of Lady Allura, and I would like to personally testify on her behalf of her ability and her wisdom, and her heart. I feel she has a great place in this city, and you should put great trust in her, specifically. She will do much good by you, Sovereign. My mother would have said she is a good egg. Oh no! So if you could send an order of sliders-- You're on Whitestone soil. Do you know what's amazing, Sovereign, is that Vex'ahlia and Percival were just talking earlier today and they promised each other to match whatever you offered this boy, and I am amazed at their generosity and kindness-- "I'm making this up as I go! I don't know what I'm doing." Is Desmond off to Whitestone? Oh, Vex'ahlia, you'd best give him that 1,000 gold now-- "Man, we ain't found shit." I mean, could I take a week and really size up the entire building? The keep. For little sneaky holes that I didn't know were there. Validity. I honestly think that if Asum doesn't know, nobody knows. Asum is our source of information here. Well, I'm gonna perception check that shit. Investigation, you said? All right, 20 for me. Okay. What are you gasping about? You sound perturbed. Natural 20, Grog. He's got two pieces of toilet paper with charcoal on it. Grog's the good cop. Look at his face. Percival, you seem a little pallid all of a sudden. Are you feeling all right? You're a terrible person. Pike and I spent a bit of time underground in the Graveyard District with the Clasp, I don't know if the Thieves' Guild is connected-- Wait! On the way, can I throw something in here? Halfway there I go Argh! Oh my foot. Pike! Come here! and I pull her off to the side. We'll catch up, we'll catch up. I take the insults and I wait 'til they all march on. Used to it, used to it. Pike. I had a front row seat to the Briarwoods, and that blade that Grog has now that we have never seen before came off of Sylas Briarwood. It makes me nervous. I don't know why other than it looks big and fucking scary. I thought about talking to him myself but he will just kick me in the goolies, so I thought that I would tell you, because I think he would listen to you, he certainly would-- Yeah, it kind of reminded me of Percival's shit, which is why I'm talking to you now. But he likes you! Not so much me. Anyway, that's it. I'm gonna throw up my hood, and I'm gonna pull out my other cloak, the red one, and I'm putting it over Pike, putting the hood over Pike's head. Oh, the Mountebank. The displacer cloak I've been wearing. I just don't want you to be seen. You gotta pull it round your cheeks. Have we heard of these individuals and these-- Oh, I forgot about Dran. 60 seconds late, ladies and gentlemen. I plant my foot firmly into his arse and just shove him towards the two guys. Vuvuzela. Another whisper. Two whispers! You had us, and then you lost us. Vex once helped Grog in a very specific way. You doubt the cube? There's a very short man, right there. His name is Jonathon. I haven't been paying close attention, but who is this mark? Don't know his name, he's just a dickhead. That's all you know? I'm gonna pull up a chair and sit down in front of him. Hi, there. My name's Greg. Greg. Yeah, I'm Scanlan's friend, Craig. Scanlan might be able to help you with this. I'll definitely be able to help you with this, but I'm not going to do anything unless I know something more, so if you want to go into the house, if you want me to break us into the house, which I can certainly do, I really need to know a little bit more. Your chances of getting whatever you're after inside raise if you're honest with me. And I don't feel yet like you're being honest with me, so I want to help you, but I don't think I can and without me, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but we're not getting in the house, so is there anything else you wanna tell me about--? I'm gonna insight check. That is a 19. I walk up by my sister, and where the woman just wiped that away, I take a piece of chalk out of my pocket and write thieves' cant-- not the word "thieves' cant"-- I use the thieves' cant on the bar and say, in that language there is a threat here. I can help you deal with it. And that's it. Persuasion, you said? 20. We need to have a talk. We need to talk. Yes, Grog, it's true. He's a vampire. Could we please meet in a booth in the corner of the pub, please? We need to talk now. I can't be 100% sure, but we are sitting atop the thieves' guild. Pike and I have been here before-- Not down in the heart of it like we have. Underneath here is a honeycomb of thieves. I think our man is downstairs. They've given me the way in. But it's not going to be easy, it's not just an empty basement. We're sitting on top of the thieves' guild. This is the Clasp! I can-- Yes. I should take point. I'm just saying we're not going down into an empty grain cellar to kill a bunch of rats. It's possible. For money, anything is possible. It's complicated. Where did she say to go? It was through the kitchen? Your memory is like an iron trap! We're going to go into the kitchen. We're going to go two minutes apart, all right? Don't all go in a crowd. I'm going to go in first. I'll see you in there. And then I walk-- I'm in the kitchen. No, I already went in. (quietly) She told me to go in! So that's a 23. Do you have an earring on? Scanlan, I need you to make an ode to the kitchen staff. Could you call the kitchen staff out and-- Oh, really? We've just been in-- in the back-- in that downstairs room where we didn't know!? Well, we're in a separate room! Everybody else come now, come now, come now. Really? Every tool has its place. Story of my life. You've got two minutes. While she's doing this bullshit, I'm going to make sure that the rice bags and everything are not trapped. Is there a clear stairways down, or? I check for traps. Check for traps. Come on, gnome! I got a 25 when I checked for traps a few minutes ago? All right. I don't know what's down there, but let me take the lead because I've dealt with this before. I don't crouch down or anything, I just start-- still quietly-- but I just walk. Head held high, walking down the stairs. Motioning everyone to follow who's here. Yes! Yes! You have the best of Jethro Tull over there, or what? Careful, careful, I'm still raw. We're all doing stealth checks? Oh, I hope there's so much money in that bag. Anything we encounter is far easier than what just happened. I'm sorry, I was just thinking of Wendydoodle's art from the comic. Yeah, yeah, I'm going to check that door for traps, is what I'm going to do. Earlier, yeah, I did get a 25 up top, yeah. I thought you were giving me another door. Yeah, 25 up top where the fake bags of rice were. To pick it, sure, that's no problem. It is a 23. Amateurs. All right, I know sometimes I can seem like I'm an idiot, but let me do the talking, yeah? And then I start down and lead the way. Everybody hold up for a second, could we crowd-surf the bard up to us at the front please? The bard, yes. I'm gonna scoop a hand under his head and give him a slap on both sides. Listen to me. I'm gonna try to do the talking in here, because I know these people a little. But if that fails, I need you. All right? I need you on ice for a little while, all right, so just stay between me and my sister. Five locks? I want to perception check for traps and for Thieves' Cant and anything else. That's all right, 20. I speak Elvish, Common, Abyssal. There's five of them. None of them are in Elvish? So we that leaves one left and we don't know what says. There's no Thieves' Cant on this door? So all together there's five locks and we know four of them? I look at the two in Abyssal. They say 'entry', is that right? And I already checked for traps and there were no traps, just locks Do I need to check each lock? Fuck. Yeah. So we got Abyssal, Abyssal, Dwarven in the middle and-- And the Primordial says no, yeah? The Abyssals say yes and the Dwarven said what? So I want to try to pick the three that I know. Two Abyssals and the Dwarven say entry. And I have advantage on. I did. I checked for traps, right? I'm rolling right now to check for traps. So the top is Abyssal. Here I go. No, I'm gonna unlock that. With advantage. Four, so that's okay. This is lock-pick, right? 23. All right. I'm gonna go down to the bottom, to the Abyssal at the bottom. Checking for traps. Oh, I thought you said I did. Perception's 20. All right. Dwarven in the middle. Checking for traps. 20. All right. That's three, the fourth one was Primordial. 20. And the Primordial said no. But what does it mean? We've got three traps. That is 26, the last one. That we don't know what it is. Does appear to be trapped. I'm not alone, and this affects you, asshole. So there's two that are trapped. I'm going to attempt to disarm the two that are trapped. This affects you, you dark sword-wielding dick! Everybody wait, wait, wait, wait. Everybody please walk up the stairs ten feet, please. Yeah, walk up the stairs. Ten feet. You're all gonna see it. I'm gonna try to open the door, you little asshole. But I don't want you to get burned while I get burned. Okay. So of the five at the top and the bottom and the middle, it's Abyssal, Abyssal, Dwarven. And I checked those for traps and there aren't any so I'm gonna unlock them, all right. So for the top one. Check for traps or? Can I use what I just rolled for the middle one? There's too many people talking, I don't know what's going on. I don't know what's going on. Yeah, I just rolled a ten twice, and that's a 23. Now the bottom one-- shush! Okay. (laughs) 29. So here's where we don't know what's going on. We got number one, number three, and number five are untrapped, unlocked. Number two and number four are trapped, but I'm just pushing the door open? But I don't have to make the decision on my own, because you're all ten feet away from me. Yeah, I'm gonna open it. No high fives. Here. Okay, so there was a cell that we were in, and there was a larger room where we were surrounded by Modeth and a lot of people. While we're waiting, I'm gonna throw my hood over one shoulder and I'm gonna undo my sleeves so that-- Oh, the Clasp is back here, isn't it? So, here's what I'm thinking. I mean, we could sneak through here and this one's going to sound like a herd of-- Our chances of sneaking through here are low. I could try to talk us through. This guy's a threat to them because the kingdom wants him and they're housing him. And that is not really financially viable. So I feel like perhaps we talk our way out of this. We don't have to go in banging an evil sword, not that we have one. I belong. And I will vouch for you. We're in a very thin hallway right now. I'm gonna call out. I'm calling out, "Member of the Clasp entering. I need to parlay." I do start unlacing, and I say, I'm one of you. And I show the tattoo on my back. It's Modeth? I didn't stumble, I've been here before. I've a fucked up past with this organisation but I've come to tell you-- And I'm pointing at the tattoo. Sovereign Uriel knows you have Daxio here. Uriel wants him. You are in danger. This whole organisation is in danger with him here. Do you care that the Emperor knows you're holding a person he wants? He's a traitor to the kingdom. Uriel wants him, you are bringing danger upon this house. And avoid the hammer of the Empire. We had the mark! I take the keys. We've got two to choose from? No, no. But there's two cells? Or has he opened the cell that he's in? Okay, thanks. Daxio, we've got your papers, c'mon. I'm going to lock eyes with Grog and motion him towards one side of the door, and I'm gonna take the other. We don't. And I called out already. 25. We're both at the door and I called out, so I guess we'll wait a moment to see if he'll-- Well, I already went stealth earlier too, I got a 25 on the stealth check. I can go again if you want. If we wait like 30 seconds and nothing happens. No. 21. I'm doing nothing, I'm just standing in place. Okay, I'll use Uncanny Dodge, then. Unless it's an area effect. If it's an area effect I'll use Evasion. That hits. Nine points with the Uncanny Dodge. Can I move and then hold my turn? Can I move at all? Hold the actions? Yeah, that's what I'm saying, could I just use my movement and then wait? Yeah. That's what I'm going to do. I'm going to circle around and I'm never going to leave him. I'm going to go all the way around, circle him, and then wait. And then my trigger is when Grog steps up to him. Oh, I can't go around him? Is Grog considered five feet away from him? Oh. Then I'm going to sneak attack him. From me? Okay, all right. Then I'm going to use Disengage, I'm going to step five feet back. I'm going to use one action to click my Boots of Haste. And then can I attack, because the boots are on, after that? Then I'll throw a dagger at him. That is a 24. All right. 11 from the Keen Dagger. I was only going to do that if you told me that I could move around him, now that I know that I can't-- Whoever's in there is locked in there. I'm going to disengage and back up against the back wall-- Already have? All right, so I'm going to back up and hold. But if I were to go left or right, would I be out of range of hitting him because of the doorway? So if I move sideways either way I can't hit him? So I'm not going to do that. I'm going to just step back against the back wall and hold. Was I within five feet of him? Yes, I'm going to use disengage. Until Grog steps in. I'm going to wait to see what Grog does. As soon as Grog's done, I'm throwing. Why do we need Trinket? We have a small giant. Are we able to tell from what Grog just did what he does? Does he react, does he just go (grunts). Until Grog did his thing. Yeah, but I wanted to see what happened. So it would be after this. All right. So I'm hasted, because I did the boots, so I'm going to use Haste to climb through my friends, over Pike, under Grog's legs, and I'm going to-- I'm going to flip daggers over and I'm going to bean this guy in the face a couple of times. Should be a Sneak Attack the first time, because of Grog being there. All right. That is 30. All right. I'm going to blunt-edge him three times. So the first one is a natural 20. That's also sneak attack, so that doesn't get quadrupled, does it? It's already doubled from sneak attack. Yeah. Okay. So-- And then the second one is a 23. Okay. And did I use all my movement to climb through the scrum or do I have my third attack? So I do have a third attack, then? Okay, so that's 17. Okay. So the first one, blunt, using the end, is-- 11. Two, three, seven, ten, 15, 19. 19 times two, right, is 38. Plus the seven, so 46 for the first. That's blunt, though. And two plus six is eight on the second. And seven on the third. Did I use all my movement to get there. All of it? I'll take-- I'll go back ten feet. See what happens. He's on his back, so he could probably take a swing at me. All right. Yeah. Okay. I've still got daggers turned around. I'm gonna knock this fool out. Okay, yeah, and you guys are right on top of him so first one is-- and advantage because he's grappled and down, right? So first one is 22. Second one is a natural 20. Third one is 20. All right, so the first one is regular attack. Well, there is no sneak attack-- oh yeah, yeah. I meant that the critical was on the second one. That's what I meant. So the first one is 11 plus double this. 11 plus four, eight, 12, 15, 16, 22. So that's 44 plus-- Oh, the second one's the critical attack. Thank you. 22 plus seven is 30. I have three attacks! 31. Second one is-- that's easy. 14. And the third attack is ten. The second one was critical, but much smaller. And I'm gonna jump back ten feet again. Let him be a hardass. We've got about 50 more minutes in here. What say we drag this asshole out of here? Let's get the fuck out of here. I get that piece of chalk and in thieves' cant I'm going to write on the wall Much appreciated, Uriel sends his regards, V. No. No. We're outstaying our welcome, let's go now. What the fuck are the cooks gonna do? Just as a minor detail, as we're walking, almost like a magic trick, I wanna grab my cloak and yank it off Pike and wrap it up and put it into my pocket. Don't make me talk to him, because it won't go well.