Look at his beautiful office and all his beautiful owlbears. Oh my gosh, Sam is not here and I got asked to do something ten minutes ago. This is gonna be so good. In Sam and Lootcrate's honor, I have written a limerick. I think you'll all approve. And then I'll tell you a little bit about Lootcrate, but first, some Irish poetry. Sam's style is not what you'd call quaint, let's be honest, my man is no saint, but Lootcrate is happy, his pitch plans are snappy, singing songs about fisting and taint. (laughter) So you gotta go get got, and you want to go to lootcrate.com/criticalrole. Not critrole, but lootcrate.com/criticalrole. And the promo code is 'criticalrole', one word, for 10% off your first month. Also taint. There are some exclusives. We're gonna pick Power Word Kill Green Dragon. Green Dragon. You don't know. Yeah. I would like my boots back, and I've been sort of dreading this moment. Can I have my boots back? It's all I've noticed for the last 24 hours when we were fighting. I mean, we probably would've killed her yesterday, but I was so distracted by how good you looked in the boots, yeah. Yeah. Strategically, I think I can actually do more, and I think I'm more likely to get a little more bang for my buck out of them. Never mind. I'll use the sword-- That was as painful as I imagined it would be. Yes, it could've been. Percy, would you like this sword back? Or anybody. Yeah, the sword. I just, I'm better when I'm maneuverable, and I feel like I'm gonna get one swing and a miss and it go to waste. Sure you can. Here's the handle. Another one of those secrets she was telling me about. And you have to give Matt $20. I noticed you haven't actually given me the boots back, and I just wanted to remind you-- It's very important. I'm also going-- oh, you go. Well, you know, what are the chances that she's gonna need to bolt? Probably more than sneak around. Probably? We're going to brawl. It's like changing from one pair of ski boots into another pair of ski boots. All right. Minor thing, I'm going to attune the Deathwalker's Ward to necrotic. Is that a Thor hammer, is that thing? How far can you throw that thing? Ugh, what's all over the bottom of the table after the show? You're a Fallout character. What did you do? That magic sword bit me. That really hurt. Kerrek, do you still want it? (laughter) Can I also say, no one's gonna ever try to get away with anything here, because we know we're being watched-- people are watching like hawks. Everything's going to be seen. Pike, can you take a look at your buddy? Pike got that cloak that fucking Hotis glued to my flesh off. That's I think what she did. Yeah, it's made from the flesh of a flying manta ray-type thing, and it makes you really hard to hit, and this is a loaner-- I know that, I know. I also have a very precious ring which I would love to have back from you once we've killed this dragon, but you will not be seen if you wear it. And I slap the ring down into his palm. A picture of the ring? Yes, I have a thing. If anyone has anything better to give him, we could do that. Hey, Siri, remind me to ask Patrick Rothfuss for my Ring of Invisibility back once the dragon is dead. We're good. That was a one-time thing. We should just go. Would you put that piece of wood down, please? Work! Slips her Doc Martens over here. He's been in every brothel in Tal'Dorei, it's to be expected. (laughter) You and I head out 20 feet ahead of everybody and check for traps as we go. Carefully. Investigation or-- 18. So you think something's up under the ground there? I mean, what do I do at this point? I'm gonna take a closer look, is what I'm gonna do. Now that I have context. Context is key, as always. Do I find a trap if I'm looking closer, now, with her added? How much of it looks different? Continue. Sinkholes. You also weigh a little more-- Seems like the closer we get, the deader it gets. Natural 20. No, it's not. Perception, oh yeah, is 12. So 32. Who fucking knows? I perceive a rock. Checking for traps. 25 for investigation. Might as well. Just wait a moment, wait a moment. No, hang back for a second. Kik. So this is happening. It's the wedding all over again. Don't compare the boots to the deck, are you kidding me? What do you care what he says? Yeah, everybody saw through it immediately, just so you know. Well, you saved the party, but your marriage is in jeopardy. He looks happy. What was that about? We zoom in on the single drop. Fanart, please. You just got James Franco'd. And that gap is just this much? And does it go in like that, like a long tunnel of that, or is it-- could I reach my arm through? Shit. Why do you say that right now? How is that relevant to the conversation at hand? I've always said as much. One second. Percy. I have a nutball idea that maybe you could turn into a better one. I pull out the Oil of Etherealness that I've been carrying for ages. This, it's goop, you rub it on yourself and you become ethereal for an hour. But I can't do it. There's not enough to cover me. But Scanlan could do it or Pike could do it and could walk through the rock. Look around, see if there's anything to-- I don't know. I prefaced it with saying it was a shitty idea, and I spoke to the brain to see if he could come up with something better. How would Bigby be in this situation? Pike is. LAURA and 16. To do what, help prop it up? I immediately throw Whisper through the crack and bamf through. Checking, checking, checking. 24. Scanlan and Keyleth, come up here, please. Do you know what that is? No traps? It's a theory. We already stealthed. Oh, I did. 35. While we're quiet here, in the dark, I pull Pike over to the side. Pike! I have a bad-- will you take care of my sister? You have that one thing that you do, I don't know what it's called, but if she falls down, she gets back up again. Do you know what I'm talking about? Could you do that to my sister now? I thought of it. I do, I do. When you're brought down to zero, you ping up to one, is the math on that. It's just strategy, man. Game strategy. Well, it's done, and my sister is a little safer than she was before, and y'all can go fuck yourselves. This one and this one on me. Out of character, Matt pooped out this new feature to dying, and she's on her last fucking string, man. No regrets, move forward. Well, you said it and the spell is cast. Listen, I help my sister, okay? I'm always holding two, and one of them is, I pull out the Flametongue Dagger, and I wave a fly away-- And I hold it so that Kerrek can see, and I say, we might die, so try it one more time with me. Irish wristwatch. Just once more, before we die. I feel so much closer to you now. Let's fucking do this. Too late now. There's a candle. We're about to die. You're sure? That's pretty good. That is 29. I can look at these after. Constantly. Good suggestion. Still at disadvantage? But if it's gone, I can see 15 feet ahead? So regular checks, if the dagger's out. And this is investigation. 18. Yeah, right now I am. 22. Is the box trapped? That is a 22. Nah, fuck it. I don't. Mm-hm. Looking for traps. Thank you for retconning that. Yeah, we'll ask him. Yeah, but I would've read them if I could've. I'm not Grog. I mean, this could be crypt shit on the sides. I'm gonna focus a little more on the ground. Yes, he asked me through the earpiece what the books said. Could I read them when I saw them? Common, Elvish, and Abyssal? Tighter Buns in 30 Days is the only title I saw. Looking for traps. 25. As a precaution, I'm going to, as much as I can, stay to the stuff that looks natural or fucked-up and not civilized. Gods damn it. What are you doing back there? He's already holding it? Well, I mean, if anything was gonna happen, we're probably fucked already, so I don't know. I'm kind of for leaving things alone as we go through here, Percival. I think dicking with it in the first place might have already ruined us, but yeah, let's just set it down, turn it around. Delta lambda again, sneaking in, aw. I don't know enough about that to say that correctly, either. 22. On the top or out the side of the top? How tall is this chamber? Oh, come here, come here. There's some shit, there's some ingredients in that, ready to go. Yeah, there's something in that brazier over there that she hasn't burned yet. I'm holding. I'll do that, and I'm also going to do Divine Sense here. 22. There's no undead dragons walking around. Right. How far from the gate to the far side of the room, is the first question. I'm at a gate that blocks us from going in, is that correct? Right, is there a gap, like a crack that something could slide down out of right above where we are? And in addition to everything we see, do we see levers, do we see panels, do we see anything on the walls in this room? Luckily, no one saw you, because of that robe. While she's doing that, I'm just going to quietly extend my wings now. They're pretty cool, aren't they. No, they don't. They go out and they slam back into my back. I heard Percival say that. As we're watching Grog, I just lean over and say, you know, you are criticizing the size of my wings, you are walking around with a Persian rug, a broom, and a longbow strapped to your back. Oh, jeez. She's coming! Are there any holes in the ceiling I can see like there were in the last cave? 24. No, I'm looking at it, man. Is anyone near me? I push back slowly with my wings. Just get 15, 20 behind me. I'm gonna bring it to you. I'm gonna try to take this fucking book off, okay? If I'm going to go down, I don't want you to go down as well, all right? I get back about ten feet and I take my wing and I scootch it-- Oh, it's open? Percival, come here. And I light it up, just to look at the pages that are there. Allura, will you have a look at this? Might be that we're too nice. We're basically all running around the room in circles. 16 and a Luck blown. Yeah. I start breakdancing, doing the worm underneath the blast. Jeez, all right. The Luck wasn't blown, because the other roll was a one. I'm gonna go with Grog. Yeah. Beacon of Hope? Guys, it's fine, my ten-year-old son destroyed one of these recently. We're gonna be fine. (sings) Get it on. 21. Number one. All right. After you, Scanman. Can you point to where I am in that scrum? I can't tell. I'm going to move to the opposite wall that Scanlan just went to. Yeah, and I'll fly ten feet-- I'm winged, so I'll be ten feet in the air as well. And I'm gonna huck a pair of daggers at-- I hope this is the right way-- the one on this side that's closest to you. That's shit. And then the second one-- That's true, it's a 15 and then a 23. Hey! All right, so first one is with Whisper. That is four plus eight is 12, plus psychic damage, which is 19 for the first hit. And from the venom dagger that I'm throwing next, that is four plus six is ten. Ten total. That's the end of my turn. You boob! Four. Separate. Fireballs. Wow, look at that. Everybody. You crazy motherfucker. Cleared all of them. Evasion. Nice, Kerrek. I saved all of them with Evasion. That's zero, yeah? Yeah, flat against the ground. Luckily, luckily. Yeah, the one that Matt just touched. Get out of the box! That's for saves, not on attacks, right? Somewhere, Sam is laughing. He's good at cuddles. Hey you guys! It's gonna be amazing when we're level one again, we'll go, I hit it for three points! (cheering) This is a death trap, Grog, what are you doing? I start flying with him. Grog, Grog, Grog, we don't know if everything has been fucked up, will you just wait a second? Wow. You're learning. I'm gonna check for traps past where the gate was. 20 or 30 feet. Yes, they did, yes, that was not wasted advantage. Here we go. Let's go right now, right now. Is there anything ahead of me as I look with my 19? But no traps? Do we want to keep moving, or do we want to pause? Okay. Let the spell go, then. Hit dice. For all we know, we fucked ourselves with that skull earlier. We haven't outsmarted her yet. (whispers) Tell us all your secrets. Scanlan helped out with that? (sings) When the Blight has come, and the land is dark, and your health is down to 23 HP. Can't do it, can't do it. Is he going to do a bump or a thing? Before, I think, too. Do you know what that means? I kind of do. That's the only thing that's within reach of one sorcery point, right? Hey, man, it's just another version of Craven Edge. (Tom Waits voice) What's Percy building in there? I found nothing in the further area, right? Kerr, is your hammer still aglow? I wanna know if it's aglow right now. Did you have a chance to pop it out? Okay. So I figured it was probably still on. How far down the stairs do I see from where I am? Put that out, please, Kerr? I'm gonna go stealth, and I'm gonna go down to the bottom of the steps. And I've already checked for traps-- oh no, I didn't, up to this point, so I'm gonna check for traps as I go down the steps. Which is 25. Am I still under Pass Without a Trace? 25. Natural 20 for that. Okay. So hallway goes a ways, then there's nothing, and then 20 feet past that-- So a gap and then a wall? On the earring team, there's a passage down ahead of me. There's no traps, I don't think. Yeah, catch up with me and then pause, and then either I or my sister and I will move ahead? Did you mean Vax or did you mean Vex? Just want to be really sure. Because people make mistakes a lot. Very similar. All right. I know you're talking to Vax. Yeah. Is it a staircase where I'm forced to walk, or is it stairs on the walls and empty space down the center of it? Ah. I'm going to float out above it and look for traps down the cylinder. I've got wings. 18. At or near the bottom, doorway, passage? Over the earring, I didn't see any traps going down, but there's some bloody spikes down here and some dead things, so Vex, dear, could you load everyone onto the carpet and get on your broom and go down and just float down to the center and leave the stairs alone? Yeah, yeah, yeah, I can come up for Pike, bring her down, we could just take a minute to-- And what around the spikes, is there a safe portion on the floor? 22 investigating for traps for that passage down behind the spikes. All right. Best I can tell, it's okay. I'm not 100% sure, but there's dead people down here, so I just want you guys to float down the middle, let's get this done. 'kay. I'm shooting up, yeah. I kinda wanna move as fast as we can. I flew back up. We take the gnomes down. I take my little drug-addled buddy, not that I know that, and I float him down, and I plant the gnomes down together. Oh man, I plant him down, I give him a big fat kiss right between the eyes, you fucking beautiful bastard! Whack! I fly back up right away. Keep this train moving. I bring Kima down. She's wafer-thin. Is Kima down? Allura. I hope this is all right. I mean, whatever the time is needed. Go up, grab Keyleth, bring her down, go up-- I just grabbed up Kerrek. (laughs) Best one ever. 21. (strained) The Raven Queen sends her regards. I'm sure we just killed ten minutes doing all that shit. All right. Vax does a barrel roll, heads back down, lands, and let's start looking around again. All right, stealth, traps, still vigilant. For stealth, that's a 28, and investigating for traps, ooh, that's a one, and I'm not gonna use my Luck on it. I'm not. Seems clear. We're good. I am badass. Vax in the front. Jeez, we just blew so much time on that fucking stairwell. Should've sent you to the Marx brothers. I don't know. Ten or 15, I guess? Zoinks. Yeah, I thought we were cutting it close, like it could be five or ten minutes at this point. All right. Should I stand on the ground? I'm gonna fly to the other side of the bridge right now. Over nothing? I throw a dagger at the other side of the chasm, 60 feet, sharpshooter, into the side near the top. Whisper. As an attack? There's a cliff facing me, right? Yeah, just into the rock wall of the cliff. 20. 22. Okay, okay, now just smile and make the smile as big as Manhattan. Gravity is fucked. It was like pole-dancing, but in space? Upside-down? No, no, that's a bad idea, Grog. You are very hefty and the gravity turns upside-down. Wait, what if he took the carpet and hung off the bottom of it on the first side and then as he made his way over, he'd be all right. You know what I mean? We saw that. We saw that. 26. 26. But they look like spirits falling upwards? I'm going to use Divine Sense, now. Just to confirm. That's me to you, man. Oh, it's a gif. You got this. Oh, you got such a bonus. Come on, girl! Do they both make that roll? 13 for Pike. Matt? Watching this, I'm going to pull Whisper out and watch to see my sister falling through the air, and if I see her falling, I'm going to throw the dagger at her. Down or up? I'm watching him and I'm watching her, and if she goes-- how far away is she from me? And I'm throwing Whisper at Vex. I'm doing it. You're like a loan officer. I want to sell you this house, but there's some shit we need to go over. Holy fuck. This is fine. Where's the carpet, where's the carpet, where's the carpet? Where's Grog and the flying carpet? Get off the rug, get off the rug. Get off the rug, now, please. Isn't anyone on the rug? That's why I asked. Back where it was. Shit. How far are they from me? I'm on the very edge. Close as I can get, right? I don't know, where's the rope? There's so much going on. I rolled a 19, so 21. Hand around Kerrek's neck, pulling him in. Thank you. Thank you. Fucking thank you. It's like Angry Birds. If you get the arc right. She made it one way, she's gotta go back the other way. Wait a minute. Are you saying this story only exists in our imagination? (laughter) Is she within 30 feet of me at this point? Wait, she's within 30 feet of me now? I'm Blessing her. Thank you. Thank for catching my sister, thank you. Checking for traps. I always roll well on this. 18. Statue of a what, please? Is it a dead end? I'd like to move along the edge of the room, checking for traps ahead. 19. I'm gonna stop where I am, then. Wait half a minute, half a minute. What's the light like? What can I see down the way I'm looking? Okay. So the statue's in this semi-natural chamber. And turns into more carved-out, civilized. Hey, for science. Besides what you're doing? Scootch forward, to the other side, looking for traps, looking for traps. 30. Fuck a duck. We've got a fork in the road. What do you want to do? Well, there's nothing immediately dangerous-appearing. I'd also like to use my last instance of Divine Sense here, at this fork in the road. Are we all gathering up at this fork in the road? Bupkis for me. Should we all trot along, or should we send us down? This could be it, although we thought it could be it twice at least. Well, I mean, if it's itching. All right, look, we've got two identical passages. Do you want to flip a coin? Or can you see any benefit to either side? Flip a coin? Do you? Pull it out. Come on, treasurer. We're picking a passageway. Do what, now? Do what, now? Turn down for what! (laughter) Guilty. (laughter) Going to the right, but hold on. I'm gonna go a little bit ahead, 20 feet ahead, looking for traps. I doubt, but I want to check for traps. Stealth and traps, stealth and traps. Okay, great. So traps, investigation is 18. And as we move through this passage, what do we see as we get closer to it? Well, we're glad to have you.