One of us is going to die that night, and I don't mean a character. Not even anyone at the table. Boy, is that book fucking beautiful! The whole race died off in a Calamity. They don't know what happened. Pike was the only one who was spared. Wait, there's a couple more things. Well, you got a little boxy back there that you should pull out. I think Jay at Emerald Knights told me that they're going to be in stores soonish as well, but you can go to Paizo right now-- tweet! And go find them. Been in our game since day one. And Laura and I are in this really cool game called Lone Echo by Ready at Dawn. We both play AI. Yes. Very calm the whole time. Who was it, though? She knows everything. It's Frenchie. (laughter) Grog just invented amusement park rides. And humble. And deeper than you let on. An object known to you as long as you have seen it up close within 30 feet at least once. Yeah. It's a spell I have now. During that two minutes, I'm going to scan the room. Is there any design or purpose to the layout of the room? Anything that stands out besides books. Going to use my last Luck for this sleep cycle. Natural 20. 26. Or if Vecna is a dead man. Maybe a book with Vecna's name on it? Earlier, yeah. Pop out the wings. Go up. Do I see anything different 100, 150 feet up? Does the change in perspective on the room below reveal anything? Get that book. Pull out Mythcarver. (singing) God I hope I get it. I don't know. 500 feet. She rolled a 19. I barrel rolled out of the way as they rushed by. Is that your final answer? It's cool. You chose wisely. That's like a game mod for a character. I certainly remembered my Charlemagne! Let my armies be the-- LIAM and We'll just go to Home Depot and get some trammels. Percy takes one step behind Keyleth. I have questions. Vecna. You're familiar. You know not where he is. You know of him. I have another question for you. You know who I serve. Vecna seeks godhood, and we understand that my lady achieved the same. Did you learn anything from her path that would help us here? Enjoy the other side, Sprigg. (whispers) I don't know. I need to go Whitestone or to Vasselheim. The dialogue is to die for. I've seen most of the art for issue one and it is fucking legit! Oh, well. Slams two feet above it, though. How far away did you just pull me? Let's get it off your foot. I'll help her pull it off. I cast Lay on Hands. You're back to normal. You're fine. Your boot's ripped up. All right, watch your step. Come on. Past it all. Yeah. Can I ask you a question? First, I'm very happy for you. Congratulations! I've seen it coming for a long time. Well, you're smart in a lot of other ways. I'm so happy; he makes you so happy, and when I go, you're in good hands. And he's in good hands. He's getting the better end of the bargain. Well, Stubby, I spent so many years standing at your side. I guess I thought on that day, I'd be standing at your side. Well, under ordinary circumstances, I would be giving you quite an earful, but there's nothing ordinary about any of this. I don't have time to be upset at my oldest friend. I just don't have time. So I love you. And I'm happy for you. You know I love you. Would you do me one favor? When I'm gone-- I don't know, we could be dead tomorrow. She's probably going to outlast you, but while you're around, keep her company for me? Well, what you've got going for you is you look a lot like me. You can remind her of me once in a while. Hey. It's okay. Happy for you. Watch out for bear traps. And I make a perception check as I walk back by myself. (laughter) Scanlan just did the trick I do with my kids all the time, which is watch! One, two, three. It's gone! (laughter) Cocked. That's a six. She's lying. The pencils are adorable. You didn't know we were making pencils? Don't you remember the holy Vox Machina text thread? I'm going to walk right up to him while he's talking and inspect his ugly fucking face. How's that eye socket doing, friend? I'm not entirely certain I am mortal anymore. Oh, fuckstick, we are coming. Yes, you're very grand. And I begin to fingerfuck his eyehole in the illusion. So majestic. Grog, I think you're right. Where do I feel him now? Same distance? Yeah, Raven Queen temple. I'm going to walk up the steps and push open the door. Everybody's with me, right? Yeah, I'm bringing everybody with me. I walk over to Keyleth. We need to talk. And I plant a big fucking kiss on her mouth, and then I turn to the rest of the group and say, nobody fucking touches me, do you understand? I walk in, and I inhale as deeply as I can as I shove my face into the blood. We need to talk. We were too late to stop him. Vecna. This dead man who wanted to be a god is now a fucking god. We have been speaking to your brothers and sisters, your found family, and they are arming us with what we need to fight your foe. You know who he is. He is upon us and I have come to you for aid. And as I have learned, he is somewhat akin to you. He was one of us and has ascended, like you. This thing. This man is your enemy, yes? Agreed. I have come here seeking power. What of these trammels? These fragments of divinity. Have you that in you? We have. We need to power trammels. The Dawnfather, the Knowing Mistress have contributed to our cause, to your cause, these seeds of power. I had hoped you could offer the same. I thought you knew me inside and out. Well, it depends on you, then, and how much you want this wretch taken down. 18. You have it. Do I have what I came for? Okay, I'll move up. I need a bath. Six. Campaign in 48 hours. I just stand clutching a gem dripping blood, looking at the love of my life. I was not expecting that. (whispering) I'm sorry. Yeah, I like the idea of the Kord bean, but I really want to go to bed. And I'm good with management, I think we can... yeah. To the spa! Your intelligence is higher now, after Ioun. Don't forget your Ioun papers! Oh god! That's where they got that shit. It got lost and was refound. We've got to do something. Not painted bald caps? Not blue-painted bald caps? That's not the Blue Man Group I know. It's all right; I can eat anything. Yeah, so does everything. We are going to save the world. I'm making a religion check. Jeepers. Just a 12. And as far as we know, this other group did not have the help of gods. As far as we know, unless they went to all of the other gods we have not met. We might want to check and see if Allura, Gilmore, Kima, all our buddies are okay. Kash, Zahra. What do you need? And also, buddy, we might be dead in a week, you don't want to hold on to that kind of shit. Yeah, we are in final days, here. The gods must be crazy. Kas. And I'm going to-- nothing, I'm just going to stand and walk out front. Is it a safe assumption that skull is with her? She's pretty fucking badass. Well, if it is a lich phylactery, that would be something we would smash to bits. Keyleth just spit out an idea. If that skull, which looked like his fucking head. We've dealt with a lich before. If it has even a chance of being a vessel for his life force, even a chance, wouldn't we want to not use it, but destroy it? Oh, that was from 300 hours ago! I misspoke. But it has one eye. Emerald in one eye. That was hundreds of hours ago. Yeah, this clusterfuck's not over. Is she in your bag? It's a good cause, Pickle. Five questions. 17. We could ask about Vecna and her buddy that banished Grog. Percy, buddy. You are a married man. Where did you look? What did you see? And Delilah. One more. We'll have to do it in the morning. Visit the Water Ashari for those-- We have to go so many places. That's a good point. Are we borrowing some water breathing equipment before we go? So this is what it sounds like when doves cry! That was the most home-game moment we've ever had.