Nobody could hear me say, "Scaramucci, I fucked up." That is Kama Sutra. Magic the Gathering. She Wolf is Magic the Gathering. God damn it! (laughter) That's Magic the Gathering. I'm just doing B on every question. That's Magic the Gathering. That's a Sam Riegel original. That's so close to another phrase. Let's call that the Kama Sutra. (high voice) Magic the Gathering? Ew! It's going to be so fucking great. Is next week the one that they're off, though? I think they're taking a week off, no? The week after? He'll chime in on Twitter. Lulling you into a false sense of security. Except that while he was checking out his junk in the mirror-- heavenly junk-- I shut the door behind Keyleth and I. I don't think we should go another couple of days in silence. Just barely. I know that you are angry, and I am just-- I'm sorry. I've done a lot of stupid things in my life, and I've never had any regrets, really. I do know the chance you took on me, and I've confirmed your worst fears, and then some. Regardless, I am sorry, and I regret that I'm not outright dead already and that you have to stare at this walking pantomime of a life in front of you, but Kiki, I'm grateful for the time I have left to look on you, and I am grateful to fight for your future. And I'm grateful for that chance you took on me. She offered me a way back, and it was the only way back. I wasn't coming back, not after that. Not without her blessing. I don't want to leave, but there are some things that I will not test. Hey. I do have faith in her. And I have faith in you and what you'll do. (sighs) God, I feel so stupid. I don't believe that will happen. You're going to live a long life. Yes. And you will love again. And you will lead. And you will be loved, because who cannot love you? No one of any worth. You don't want me to go? Hey, I'm fucking cold. Will you give me a hug? Yeah. I don't have any clever closer. I'm just going to crawl into bed and go to sleep. Oh man, it's going to hurt not to have you with us, though. Oh, well. Said Harvey Fierstein. (laughter) Give us more hit points? Still shouted narration through it all. (laughter) But do I get sneak attack damage, or is it also a critical hit? Pelor, can I have one slice of breakfast pizza, please? (laughter) Two regular eyes? What? Pass. Water under the bridge. Water under the kraken. We're on brighter horizons (raspy voice) How many does she get? I know, weird, right? Really weird. I mean, you still transported us a long way. That's commendable. So we're on cliffs facing the ocean, right now? I'm not familiar with that reference. And there are people about? Druid's doing interpretive dance again. You there, little girl. Oh, my bad, fellow! Sorry, as you can tell, we're not from around here. Visiting. Yeah, I had a couple of questions. One, there's a volcano just off this coast somewhere, right? Do you know where it is? Could you point to it? Are there boats for rent, for hire? All right, thank you, I think that's all I needed from you, okay. Oh shit. We never have before. Why start now? Smooth operator. (laughter) A large Danny DeVito. We're just going from point A to point B. This is just what we need. Well, wait. Wouldn't you be Thurston Howell III? This is going to be very helpful against Vecna. How many feet, I guess, is this ship from front to back? I'm sorry do you-- do you talk, ever? I don't wanna waste time on the gnome business. Let's just go on. In the water, going up our noses? I will go ahead. Vax, and I said sorry at the same time, so I'm peeing right now, is what I'm saying. (garbled noises) 28. 28. It sickens me. (laughter) And we're just seeing little glows in the distance? The Anvil is probably too far away at this point. Yeah, it's probably not right here at the top. What about these colorful plant things floating past us? Are they going to sting us and paralyze us? Said the fantasy heroes. Pissy. Vax swims down towards the cone. And I think the last time I talked about the Deathwalker's Ward, I'd set it to fire, so we'll say fire. Okay, that's what I'm best at. Athletics. Natural 20. Thanks, Matt Colville. I know it's probably fuck-all, but I'm going to pull out the Flametongue Dagger and try to use it as a shitty-ass-- Use my first Luck of the day. Oh, not good. Same thing. Just a six. 20, total. Okay. I'm Ed Harris, sinking down and down and down. 16. Yeah? I'm going to push it just a little bit more. Okay. That's not good. That's a seven. And I'll go with it, up. Back into warm piss water, instead of boiling hot. Nope! I mean. You can't really understand me though, can they? Right? It's all shit. It goes forever. I think we need to look elsewhere. I don't think all of us are going to make it down that fucking tunnel. (sighs) That would help. It was getting hot as hell down there. I don't know. I mean, maybe a quick look around the perimeter of this thing? We're not going to muscle our way down. Well, I think we're either druiding our way in or looking for another way in, somehow. No. What were you thinking? Were you thinking of Umbrasyling this shit, were you going to black dragon dig your way down? I mean, we got a little under 24 hours. Fuck it, let's look. Anything that looks not-natural. 18. How does Heroes' Feast factor into this? Heroes' Feast. Doesn't that guard against poison? Flametongue Dagger is out so I can see the non-water portion. I'm going to go stealth. That's fine. 34. I think I'm pretty stealth. All right. Yeah. I just turn to the group and I'm going to-- So there's a walkway, but there's also lava? I've only gone about 20 feet at this point, is that right? I am going to go around the bend. Continuing quietly. I'm going to double back to the group. It goes a little further, but I just didn't want to go too far on my own. Just goes further. But I don't want to get separated completely, so come up a bit, and I'll go a little bit further. I don't think so. I could do it, but you have to be familiar with it. Being told about it doesn't count, does it? I'd like to lead them to where that jump is. Shit. Get back in the water. And I'm going to solo go where I wasn't intending to, to see how far it is to get to the next bit of water. You said it was a jump over magma? I walk away from her, and I go down the hall. Ooh, better use one of my Lucks for that. That was a one. Ooh! Six. Six. Burn, baby, burn. Yeah, total of six. Already used Luck; it's done. And yet Vax ain't sweating it. Not anymore. So I see water and I shove my face down in it and breathe it. Who knows, with me? And I go back to where I burned my fucking foot, and I go into the earring-- I'm not going to fucking jump over that shit again-- tell them what I saw. Yeah, two minutes. So deep fucking breath. Yeah? And when you see me, run towards me and follow me. How long does a fish live in a fish tank? The biggest. I hear you can do this with a non-magical jug, too. We're going to try to water-bong every combat scenario for the rest of the campaign. Oh shit. Everybody hold still for a moment. 40! The fuck was that? It talks! It's a sentient bulette! We could attack them. See, that's what it was! That's what it was! Don't worry about it. Every time. Every time I do it! Yes. Fuckers. I was near the lead. 17. 17. There's the mama and two babies. I can touch my miniature! Whoa! Click the boots. Hunter's Mark on mama. So all that's left is dagger, dagger, dagger, so I'm going to do sharpshooter throws with the three daggers that are left. Am I within 60 feet? I think I am. All right, so negative five on attacks. The first one is total shit. The second one is 17? 23 on the last. Okay, because Grog is right there, it is sneak attack? (sighs) One, this is nine, plus that is ten, plus this. 13, 18, 24, 30, 33, 35, 36, 37. And because it was a sharpshooter attack, it's 47. And then for movement, watch this shit right here, folks. (counting) 40, because I'm hasted, 45, 50, 55. I did it my fucking self! Oh, and Hunter's Mark! Six! Dr. Manhattan, in the house! He's dead. I'll do dexterity at advantage because of the boots, so that is a 27. What was the total on that, Matt? You got a bunch, too. He's hitting it with his dick. But we're along the path to the water that I saw. We're under two minutes away from the water I previously made it up to and didn't go into, correct? We're 30 seconds away from the water. I've already gone this way and come back to you guys. Unless something has jumped in the hole while I was gone in that time, I've already covered this ground. Of your hands? While he's talking, I turn to my sister and go-- And they shall know him by his cube. This is because of the planetar, not Ioun? Planetar. This is how you must stay always. You don't remember it, but you remember it. It was a flight down, yeah? You're motorboating a gravy bowl. I'm going to save those. I'll get on the broom. You're offering me a ride on the broom! We've got a god-made doorway in front of us. Something-made door, right. Natural rock around it or is everything carved? How long a drop was it? 22. 18 for me. Grog, what do your elven eyes see? I'm stealthing. I'm stealthing down the steps. Yep. Using a Luck. But yeah. Three of my four, according to your campaign guide? Well, that was my third, not my fourth. I did buy the book. I bought the book in the first hour. To two inches! Yeah, I'm 60 feet ahead with my 47 stealth right now. God-sized. You don't know. Travis Willingham's fatal flaw. All right. I'm going to use your Pelor die. Hey, that's good. Perception, you say? 27! Is it exactly rhythmic? Precisely? I think there's some sort of god-sized machinery ahead of us. I think we're getting close. Do you know binary? One, zero, zero, one, zero, one, one, zero, one, zero, one... Are they standing free, or are they carved from the wall? I'm actually going to hang back. I'm also going to dump 20 hit points of Lay on Hands on my own damn self. Did you say there were two metal warriors? And are they separated from where we are by hot coals, or can you walk right up to them? Okay, so I'm going to check one of those out. See if it's any different than what we passed in that hallway. 24. I'm shooting my wings out as I walk up to them, as well. It goes inward like the big one.