It's cute. Can I get it on my Zune? We knew we picked the right people for the job, but even so, it far exceeded our expectations. It came together really well. I palm Scanlan by the face and cast Lay On Hands. How bad are you, buddy? Medium? I'm dumping 29 hit points of paladin power into your face. Yeah, it's all but one. We like you handsome. That's a tunnel that goes under the English Channel. Wherever that is. I'm pretty good. Sneaky fucks in front. Always. For traps, for investigations, that is 18. Want me to go take a look? You've dusted me. I'm pretty quiet. I'd probably be good without it. And we could go together about 50 feet away from the group, and then I could go a little bit further and see if I can get a better look. You still have Silence? I was about to ask. We see flickering light far away, but I don't trust anything. I want to specifically see if anything besides twitching fingers and toes are hiding closer to us. 24. Which are how far away from us? I volunteer as tribute! By the way, what direction is Vecna from us now? Seeing which way Keyleth is looking, Vax stands a bit on tiptoe and puts his chin on her shoulder and looks in the distance, and sees the armored figure. Are we close enough to tell if that armored figure has a sword? 26. Yeah. Through Skype, it's like my niece sat down at the table to start playing. How are your magical reserves? He knows we're coming. There's no peeling around the sides of this? There's too much rubble and shit? This huge space that we're in. Wait a second. Scanlan could do that, but he can't go by himself! We all have to creep along with him, or be found out. We all have to go together so we don't fall out of range of her ring. We're all stuck together, unfortunately. Send who? Additionally, we can play monkey in the middle; as long as Vex is in the center you can be 50 feet or so ahead, and everyone else can be either with Vex or back. Vax starts quietly praying to the Raven Queen in a corner right now. I stand ten feet away from her and give her a plus two. Oh, that's so low. Plus two! I'm going to stick close to Vex in case she needs backup, but also if Scanlan needs backup. Ready to run in. Natural 20. 47. Somewhere in the future, there's an Acquisitions Inc. game going, and my head pops in from the side, and then pulls out again. That's pretty good. So we part, like the sea. How spread out are those three groupings? Convince it that the people we sent away need it. Is that the DM's face, or the creature's? Another option you said that these three passageways, they curve this way, and that the two on the sides don't have a really good look at each other, right? On the left is a bunch of undead fuckers, right? And on the right we've got a humanoid and two little crunched over guys, right? So you've got that Silence doohickey, and us. So we could bet it all on stealth-kills, and creep in and go. Leave it all behind. One in the middle's now empty. One on the left over around the corner is undead. Humanoid and two creepy-crawly guys. If it pans out, we take them out, and the skeletons over there can't see over here. If we are quick, and then we go! All right. But kill them, and then make a loud noise. Because as soon as we start shit rumbling, everybody gets paranoid and upset. Can we say that the twins and Freddie have been ready to go as you cast and make our move on these three on the side? Yes. Stealth-kill them and get the drop. That's what I'm saying. I guess I'll start with her, then the ghasts. I'm going to assassinate this woman. Hopefully. Flick-flick on her. Yes. That's 25 and 23. Here we go. I'm going to dump a smite into it, as well. First dagger to strike does 88. Yeah, I threw two daggers as part of the surprise. You fired? To the left or the right? I'm going to fire at the same one that my sister does. It was earlier I did it. They both hit; it was 20-something. Just seven for me, though, and that's all I'm going to do. Stab! Stab! Stab! 40 for the first. Second one is a seven. No, it's 17 for the second one, and the last is a crit, and that is eight. I take Whisper and the venom dagger and lift it by the head off her. If we're all running together he gets plus two from me, if he's within ten feet. I got a new 45 stealth check, so I'm going to go peek. We're level 19. I'm level 19, y'all. I was about to assess that. Couple of questions One, how far is the tower from where we are right now? Am I able to tell, if this is a giant, domed-in city, are we in a little corner of it, or are we coming up somewhere mid-range? Okay, so not right against it? How close are the nearest of the gloomstalkers flying around? And do I see any motherfuckers on the streets? Yeah. Use the Colville die, the meteorite. It's pretty good. It's 29. Is it dragon-shaped? Is there any color to it, other than dead? Do me a favor and stay down there. It's a real party up here, and everybody's dead. There is a dead dragon in the sky, and there's a lot of dead dwarves and other various types, and those things that Scanlan charmed a few days ago. It is really shitty up here, so stay put. I don't believe so. I back slowly the 15 feet that I traveled. You can scry on people. Can you scry on things? Yeah, but you saw it. But I didn't see it. You have the spell, yeah? So you should do it. Do we have the Gate Stones? Both of them? Do we have them? I have a great idea, but it'd take a little time. I have a little tub of oil that makes you ethereal, and if one of us-- you, me, whoever-- travels through the ethereal plane and walks down to the sword and waits with it and then pops back into the material plane-- Finds it and then waits somewhere. No, I'm on a different plane parallel to this one. Do you have any sense of if it's buried very deep? Or is it sitting in a puddle of shit? We don't know, though. She would not be able to hold onto it. They're two different dimensions. It's two different planes. But if you or I, with Locate Object, douse ourselves in this oil and we locate the object, we know exactly where it is, and we move toward it and then go down there. It might be encased in a ton of stone or something. We don't know. We could go toward it, find it, and then go sit 20 or 30 feet away from it, wait to pop back into this plane, go grab it, Gate Stone up here. Also, I should try to do it, because if I come back in a wall of stone, it doesn't matter. An hour. Why? We have the Gate Stone. Ethereal will take me down toward the thing. I wait by it, pop back into material, pick it up, Gate Stone back-- It takes a minute to do. We don't know that we're going through solid earth. It could be sitting in a foot-deep puddle of muck in a cavern somewhere. It's not like it was teleported into a solid mountain. We've been stealthing for not too much space. I think that I could get pretty far. Well, I could do the same thing that she did. If you hand me that bauble again, I can do the same thing. That is hilarious. Let's try your idea. You thought that I would be able to locate it by you telling me about it, so what did it look like? Awesome. I'm going to cast Locate Object right now. No, I'm not upset at you. I'm upset at Laura, because this was my idea on the break, and it got yanked from me, but what are you going to do? I'm not upset. It's fine. I'm taking my marbles and going home! What's the range on the earring? Wait, the ring. Within 60 feet of each other. All of this was a waste of time. It's within a thousand feet. A thousand feet is not that far. It's more likely that this thing is sitting in a pool of stilted water. It's probably not encased in a passageway of stone, because how did it get there? And Vecna knows where we are. I'm not that stealthy. 31. 37. The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe! Greetings, time traveler. That's a good call. You can get back on your own pretty easily, yeah? Tunneling through stone, do you have that left? Or that's done? I feel like maybe Vex should carry the stone, then. She has less of a chance of getting back on her own. (singing) Empty chairs at empty tables... Does my luck transfer to anybody? No. Fuck a duck. Do you vaguely remember the direction it was in? So maybe we go vague for a minute? 40. Just roll high. She can't talk. I think so, yeah. You just can't interact. It's for saves, not checks. And you can still see everything. Yeah, you just can't interact with anything. Okay, so I start slathering her up. Wait. LAURA, MARISHA, and No, we've forgotten about the 60 fucking feet again. If you take the ring further than 60 feet away from me, we're blown. But the proof is in the pudding because if that ring were gone from my presence, Vecna would be bending me over a barrel right now. He's doing. Everybody back to Chicken Town. Chicken Town! And I click the Boots of Haste, and I start booking back. You're staying?! I'm hearing this over the earring. I just heard that. I heard it. Vecna whispered to me, and I said that to everybody through the earring. She shouted back at me. Does she still hear me? But I heard that, so You're not going to go? I can't talk to you anymore. I realize Keyleth's not going anywhere and I plunk down. If she screamed, I stopped once I realized she wasn't leaving. I stayed. And nobody replied and I stopped because I doubted it, and I'm waiting. Yeah, of course, but Vecna's whispering in my ear. 33 and Pass Without a Trace, so 43. I lost the paper, but I'll look it up. Yeah, I think that's what it is. One hour. We've got to bail on it and come back for it later, if at all. It's ethereal. I'm paralyzed; I don't know what to do, so I'm hiding, not doing anything. But how far away have we traveled from the building we started at with the mansion in it? That's fine. I don't say shit. She is on another plane. She's in the Ethereal Plane. We did the oil thing. We didn't think it through. Vecna's whispering in my ear. By the way, where is he? Still in his spot? No, she slipped down into the ground. She's probably near you somewhere? We lubed her up in ethereal oil, and she went down your direction. Keyleth, you know where to go. I have to run. And I click the Boots of Haste and I start bolting towards the mansion. I'm going to stealth. Sorry. I'm freaked out. 35. Am I still Pass Without a Traced at this point? 35. No, I'm going to keep going. As I'm probably getting farther away, I say Kiki, stay underground, please. And keep going. I've stepped in the door, by the way, of the mansion. Not well. Not very well. It's fucked. He knows we're here. He doesn't know where you are or where I am right now, but he knows that we're here. No, not anymore. He did. Probably. No, we wait a little bit. I think that they can get back. That's a big risk. Oh my god. I run forward and hug the big fucking stone giant like a cat. We are blown. He can't see us anymore, but he knows-- Really cool. We all see this, right? He's not snuck off, right? I'm going to come and sit next to him and watch. What's up, buddy? Just keep doing your thing. I'm ten feet away. I'm not breathing down your neck. You all right? I'm going to assume I have deduced somewhat what is going on here. Hey, man, you do you. I'm going to Bless Grog right now. It's all over you, buddy. Plus two from me, plus 1d4 from Bless. Plus two, plus 1d4. Yes. Wait, I'll use my last luck of the day to make him reroll that. To hit. Doesn't hit. I disengage and jump back 15 feet. We can get that for you, just not from inside us. Why are you not attacking us anymore? (shouting) That's a novel! Big man, why did you stop attacking after you cut my sister? Blood. He wants blood? Could you do me a favor, then? Do you think, instead of attacking my twin sister next time-- and I take Whisper and I go-- can I feed him for you? I've already started. (dripping) Goddamn it, Travis. Then you and me have an agreement here, rather than wait until he comes knocking. In the meantime, could I feed him once an hour or so? That seems extreme. Vasselheim is getting fucked royally now, or soon. The straightest edge. Basically, it also describes you, so I feel like you should be understanding. It's too much of a risk to go back normally anyway. We might as well find him. A series of bad decisions. How do you mean? He also might like a naughty doodle. The New York Yankees? That's terrible. (laughter) Give me 12 minutes and I'll have this armor off. 11 minutes from now, I'm going to be joining you, Percival. And what is your idea of a good time? Unbutton, unbutton. It's been a hard day. I'm unkillable for a while. (high-pitched) Well. It's real dicey at the moment. Wait, Grog. I'm sorry. Come again? Okay. Okay. Okay. I have one further request on our end. Can you send us backward in time? Can I tell if he's lying? 18. Never strangled someone before. All right. With a couple of provisions here, all right? One you cannot say shit while you're doing this. That is correct. Two. And this includes the rest of you lot everybody leaves, except for Scanlan and Grog, and they stay. I don't know how to feel about this! Oh, Vax is okay. That was Liam just now. (laughter) I'll see you soon. Ask him. I don't think he does. Probably. I'll be back. Guys, go. Go on. Percy? Take Keyleth out of here, please. I want you to laugh your fucking ass off, all right? You keep an eye, have him drag me somewhere safe, and keep an eye on me. Let's stop talking, folks. Could you look after Keyleth, please? See you tomorrow. Hey, Grog. All he gets to is strangle me to death. That's it. No. Neither Artagan or Scanlan are able to do anything to me once I'm out. And then make sure he doesn't lose me in the woods or something, okay? It's been so much fun until now. Don't speak. I walk up to Artagan. All right, fucknut, let's do this. (clicks tongue) No fear, remember. You could have asked for a magic wand or a unicorn, a pony. Preach, David Bowie. Nobody knows that. It's like a Vegas casino it's always the same twilight. Spells. Yeah, two Scanlans. Could you give Grog wings? Right. I didn't expect it. Oh my god. We came close to fucking up that ring proximity thing seven times, and then finally we did fuck it up. Post that shit! Check their Myspace.