Here we go. Did they win the war? Hey. We're so proud of you. She does on the daily. It's like a metaphysical screen door that keeps flies out. Can you also remind me where my Vecdar made me feel Vecna-- where on the Prime Material Plane? Yeah, we talked about it, but I can't remember. And that was yesterday. Oh, she doesn't get to have it now. That's how that works. He's calm, but indifferent. Like the Dawnfather. Either here or soon we need to sit and work this out. Power the trammel? Does the little seed of light given to my sister look anything like the little seed that Scanlan and Vax saw from riding the shadow creature in the sky? I can sense him? He's still really shitty, though. You did have one year-ish where you were on the skids. You did your Prince and the Pauper bit for a little bit. Runs out the door. Do you all ever broach the area or do you just stay clear of it? Once this is all done, Grog, you and I will go on a long trek together. Can't predict this one. I'll set the Deathwalker's Ward to acid. Yes. Yes. I'm still naked. I start putting on the rest of my armor. Of course you can. Well, they're going to be yours, anyway. I am covered. I mean, I'm on bonus time. But I'm not Bobby Drake, right? But look. (slashing noise) I mean, look. Oh, I didn't know it did that. (laughter) Thank you! I don't know, this is the dumbest conversation. This is bonus time. I shouldn't be here. It was the long sleep or come back and help. Well, I'm just following through on a promise made. There isn't really a handbook. When Vecna is destroyed, she will call me back to where I would be right now. I expect everyone-- Keyleth and I have barely spoken-- I expect everyone to be sad, but I wish you wouldn't be so sad, not exorbitantly so, because I-- I read. Not as much as some, but I read. This is the path that I have chosen for myself and I did it based out of desperation, at first. But everyone dies. And I think our group has become a little spoiled. We're not your ordinary group of idiots. We have blessings. Blessed idiots, yes, and I know that we've gotten used to feeling like we can overcome losing anyone, but your average farmer or seamstress doesn't come back. And everybody dies, and all that matters is what you do with what you have, and I have done a lot, and I've taken great pride watching all that you have done. And I have good friends and I have fallen in love. More than most, I've had. That I don't really know. I imagine she'll keep me close. Yes. She's necessary and she's of use, and I like that. I don't have a lot of time. They really are my favorite thing. Physical thing. Dear, every stitch on my body is yours when I am gone. I slide my feet into the shoes and I wiggle my toes around. Oh, I'm sorry. I also have a confession to make. I don't exactly have your shoes anymore. I think that I left them in the Feywild. Yeah, I think I dropped them into a bog. They didn't fit me. I'm still me. You have very cute, small feet that fit in the boots that you gave me that did not fit my feet. There's probably shoes here. I pull out her shoes and I put them down. Must have been inside your shoes. How many fingers am I holding up? Grog, you are our extra muscle. I'm not dead. (mispronouncing) Wil Wheaton! I want to start eyeballing the ground of the house for any kinds of traps set out. Is that investigation, yeah? 18. Nothing perked up my spidey-sense? I'm going to go, as well, and continue to eyeball for traps. Is it easy enough to walk around? Well, I could attempt to dicker with it, but we could just knock the door over it if we really are going on manners. The door's going to blow up if we knock on it? I mean, we don't have much luck with doors. Do you want to do that? Yes, I am! Let me take a look at it, please! I've already detected it. I will attempt to disarm it with thieves' tools, correct? That's fine. That is a 29. Percy, I'm sorry, I know you like a good Rube Goldberg. Does the door look hinky at all? I said hinky. 18. Yeah, well, I don't want to pick it. So it's like an ostentatious gnome door. Little more than is needed. Hey, chaotic evil necromancer gnome. I stick my foot in! I'm really very sorry to bother you, although I'm delighted to make your acquaintance. I'm having a very hard time not just smiling like an idiot. Could we trouble you just for a few moments? We mean no harm at all. We do need to talk to you. We've come a very long way... as farts. That's got to count for something. We've done a lot, we've seen a lot, we could tell you all about it. (stammers) Sorry, that's infectious. We have a really big guy. Are you all right with him coming in? Grog, are you all right with coming in? Have you not crawled on all fours before? The first thing that I do as we come in is I scan the room, or rooms, for more Macaulay Culkin shenanigans. That is a 21. Did you used to be obnoxious? Because I'm not picking that up. Were there no other gnome folk in your party? While listening to all that, Vax slid his hand into Keyleth's and quietly listened to the whole thing. Is there another name that you would like us to use? Like a nickname instead of Ioun? You know, I was just saying what a good idea I thought it was, but I thought you were talking about the entire deck, Grog. I think the entire deck is a fairer thing than to have him pull a card, because that seems unpredictable to me. We're all in a small, enclosed space together, Grog, and I like this fellow. Sprigg, you're seeking power. We offer you redemption. Collaborating with us grants you the power to fell a would-be god. I'm not an elf. Not an elf. We have vaguely pointed ears. Not even fully pointed ears. My mother was not an elf. I thought we were talking about redemption. I'm also gently steering Trinket away from the floorboard in the middle of the room as he walked by. Sprigg. Would you like to be needed again? Maybe it's time to stop running. Sprigg, the world is on the brink right now. It's worse than hobgoblins. We've come here in great need, and the world is in great need, and the power that I offer you is making a difference. Make you believe? Fuck! This is the sound of bolts, no. There's crates of apples! I would be right next to Keyleth because I was holding her hand. It's all right. It's fine. And Matt? Could you touch on the map where the bad man touched you? No, where the bad floorboard is? None of you know this. There, over by Grog on your right. Rarely. I have, but I got my Matt Colville meteorite. 20. Quid pro quo. Okay, let's talk this out. Click the Boots of Haste. I think, with 120 feet of movement, I can blur up the stairs to where Percy is in probably 50 or 60 feet. And then finish that movement and go past the guy, out the window, with all of my movement in 120 feet or less. Okay, so I'm doing that. Definitely understand. Blur up the stairs, shoot past Percy, shoot past that guy, out the window. Do I already see those guys? 19 plus 14 is a hell of a lot. I stealth, hide. Bonus action to hide. I'm going to use Luck. That's better. 27. All right, then from this spot, if they're in range, I'm going to throw Whisper at one of them. But I can see them and I can ignore three-quarters cover because of Sharpshooter. So the one that I can see, hidden, I will try to throw Whisper. I'm going to hopefully sneak attack him and bamf there. That is a 28. Right. Natural 20. Okay. (counting) So that one is 60 on that guy. Yes, and I bamf there. So I did movement, I hid for my bonus, I have action-action as a paladin. And action. Attack-attack as a paladin. And then my bonus action. That was the first of attack-attack, so now I'll just do a regular attack, which is a 20-- 30. That is a ten and I'm going to pump him full of poison. He has to make a DC check on 15. So he also gets, that was ten plus 14 total. 20 total, between the dagger and the poison. And there's another guy there who can see me, right? Whisper. That is 31. Yeah, okay. So that is two plus eight is ten, plus psychic damage. 18. I'm going to bamf there with Whisper. But you guys don't know that yet. Natural 20. You fucking dick, necro guy! It's still a lot. All righty. Hey Matt, I realized. I never shot out the wings, so I shouldn't have had as much movement as I did, so I think we should take the damage back from my last attack. I have evasion. Right. At advantage because of the boots. What do I have to match? Oh yeah, way higher than that. We're good. Yeah, dexterity save, man. Area effect. I would like to retract my "bitch," please. It's a quick jump, though. End it quick, we can save it. Flames! Flames, less of a thing. Flames on the side of the house! (Bane voice) Your punishment will be more severe! With the Vecna eye. I'm going to bolt to that window. No, other way. So I have a view of Keyleth, the creature, and Grog. I'm going to throw Whisper-- I've got sharpshooter-- at that thing, and bamf there. Fine. Whisper goes to the window at that guy there. And it's flanking, right? Because of where Grog is, or Keyleth? Okay. Yeah, that's fine. That's 32. Three plus psychic damage is four plus this junk. (counting) 33, doubled to 66 plus psychic damage is 74. Bamf there. Okay, so here's what I wanted to do. So movement-- and I have action-action, action, action-- action-action, action, bonus action. TRAVIS, LAURA, and Guys, it's the rules in the book! You can bust my balls all you want-- So action-action for my regular attack, right? It's just semantics. Attack-attack, hasted action, bonus action. So that was the first of my attack-attacks. And here's the second one. 30. I'm dumping a level two Smite into this, against an undead. That's seven, 10, 11. Ooh, it's cocked. 17 for that hit. With attack-attack. Into that one. Whatever I just said. It was like 16. Okay, I'm going to do the old crouch. Not that she needs it, but crouch in front of Keyleth. And then I have my hasted action for an attack and bonus action for an attack into the other one. 29, and the second one is higher than 29. I'm going to dump Smite into it. Three-- you're making me mess up the math, Laura! (laughing) I can't keep track of the math! 25 on that towards that guy, with Smite added. And then the last dagger, with Smite, at level one, is two plus is 10, 14, 19. I dumped a ton of Smite into that. I don't know, so why don't you just minus six? 19, so we'll call it 13. Some people might have been catcalling me while I was trying to do math. Let me enjoy my last two months of life! Threepio! Where could he be?! Why not both? Yas, Pelor queen! (laughter) Also, we can take it. Send all your complaints to Mike Mearls and Chris Perkins at Wizards of the Coast. Splitsing. Van Damme-ing it. Let's do it. She stole them again? How did you do it? If we're retconning that in, I'm retconning (blows raspberry) when I see it. To be fair, we've only been here 12 minutes. That's good advice. Inside Matt's brain? Watched her the whole time and quietly walk up behind and give her a hug from behind and don't say anything. Keyleth and Vax heard the (wedding march), so we had a very different silent scene over in our spot. Because we don't get that. Thank you, vacation Scanlan. It's the Debbie Downer SNL sketch. Leaning into each other. Imagination clarification, because a Silence effect went off there. Did Vax and Keyleth hear, "You're married?" Or was that all covered by Silence? So we heard the song, but that's it. Good to know. Noticing that we're totally alone, silently tug Keyleth down after them. You're engaged. You don't have to-- Can everybody watching still at home give a round of applause for Darin?