He knows six percent less than you! And I'll turn to the right and ask Matt-- he's not here. Yeah, I got some, you got some. If you think that sleeves are bullshit, we have this one, as well. There's more stuff, though. Well, the Dagger Dagger Dagger shirt is back. I know that's not brand new, but it's new-ish. The Scanlan shirt is even less new-ish, but it's an amazing shirt, and it's still there. We have the aprons still, we have pencils, we have Tarot cards. I feel like going ooh. She's in the desert; she can't touch me right now. That's it. Yeah, we've got that art book coming out. If you want to get updates you can go over to geekandsundry.com/artbook and sign up for updates, and you'll get the latest. And then also, Taliesin's not here; he's also naked in the desert, but on Wednesday he'll be back for Wednesday Club. In addition to everything they're going to be talking about, there will be a little scuttlebutt about the Critical Role comic book. We might show you the cover of the damn thing. Other things to announce about it, so tune in if you're curious. Yeah, he plays many characters. Safe. Totally safe. Red barrels, everywhere! Oh, hello. No. I am traveling, actually. Yes. Well, have a seat, I'll tell you everything. Let's start with my childhood. No, and that was irony. I could have something to eat. Do you want to get us something to eat? Just a little something. That's nice. You're from here? Is it always this cold? I'm sorry, what was your name? Strong name. Tell me about yourself. And as he goes, she starts inspecting the room, kind of listening. It was almost good. Ten. Does anybody look dangerous? So you were going to tell me your story? Yes, I did. You know, I'm happy to share the loaves of bread with you, but my feelings won't be hurt if you want to change over. Oh, start from the beginning. You grew up here? Tell me all about it. When you were young, you lost it? That must have been a long time ago. Jayne is quietly digging her fingernails into her leg to stop from screaming. Yes! He's way up in The Ass Sailor. So you're telling me this man has impugned your honor. Actually, quickly I whisper over to the weird one and I pull out my holy symbol of the Lawbearer and say there is a time and a place for law and civilization, but your experience sounds trying, and I know what I would do. And I tuck the medallion away. Are you not familiar with the gods? Assassin's Creed. And a special shout-out to Dwarven Forge for sending me all this shit two days ago! 16. Which is the spell? Don't worry, there are people tweeting advice right now that you can see three hours later. The target makes a constitution save for this one. Are you shrinking yourself or someone else? So you have to make a constitution save. And in Matt's world and homebrew, bonus action, you can use a cantrip on, right? Since I don't do spells a lot. Okay. So I cast the spell Command, which has a range of 60 feet, on the little red-haired girl. And I will say Approach. And she has to make a wisdom saving throw. She has to beat a 14. Wisdom. Wisdom. 14. Approach means she has to come toward me on her turn. On her every turn, until the spell gets interrupted. And then I would like to use my movement to start moving toward the door as far as I can get. 30 feet. So five, ten. It's crowded. You could probably slow it down a little bit. And before all that happened and people were running to what? To grab their weapons to be part of this bloodbath? Yes. Does anyone have a hand on a weapon yet? Yes. What about by the door? Then I'm just going to use my bonus action to yank the belt off of me, which is actually a white whip, and crack it on the floor, and that's the end of my turn. Just flair, baby. (laughter) How many shows are you directing right now? 72? Is this the maul? That's six two times. The square. Traditional die. And one more time. A six! Two, that's eight, plus six. Your Hunter's Mark is a bonus action, I seem to recall. That's big time. Yeah, that gives him advantage on every attack against one target. So if you really want to fuck that guy up, do Vow of Enmity. But I think that's an action. Vow of Enmity, bonus action. If you want to destroy Kingston. It gives you advantage. Vow of Enmity. One time tonight you can say, that person, and then you can roll with burning hatred. Religious hatred. You know, the religious hatred. Do you know the Mutton Man? Versus strength. Oh, that does it. It matches my albino, even! Constitution save is right here. Plus four to whatever you roll. Oh yeah, 20. I barely notice because someone from the Jersey Shore is lifting me into the air. Etchings. (soft giggling) Sorry. I was just imagining you burned to a crisp. Am I bound? Hands are tied behind my back. Are they movable? They are? Then I cast Sacred Flame on the guy. Oh, it's holy fire for 1d8 damage. Yeah. The target must succeed on a dexterity saving throw. You make a dex save. 14. Hey! You've known me for so long! I can attack normally, I just can't move anywhere. I would like to do a melee spell attack on him. So first I'm going to see if it hits then I'll tell you what it is. That is an 18. On the guy grappling me. So I would like to cast Inflict Wounds at level two and rot this fucking asshole from the inside out. Yeah, it is. 18. Good. That is a 25 total. I would like to use my bonus action to break the fucking Lawbearer chain off my neck and throw it over my shoulder and walk towards the door. You could get an extra one-time attack right now. I'll never learn the violin! I am rather attractive. Oh! Command only lasts one round. Well, I'm letting you know, that it's not going to last forever. At the moment. He attacks. If he hits, he does regular damage and adds Smite damage. Right, so he can't attack. He could cast Hunter's Mark. Did you cast that already? You could cast Hunter's Mark on Jayne, or anybody. Wisdom save is this, so plus three. Natural 20! Actually thanks, Keyleth. Because those are her dice. "I have auditory issues." Oh man, the room has turned into (singing) turn down for what! Yeah, I rip off the cloak that I'm wearing to reveal the white porcelain doll dress and straps of white leather around the biceps and around the thighs. Yeah, I look like Courtney Love a little bit. There are very light chain tattoos along the collarbones, disappearing down the dress. Wow. "I kick the dog." How does Matt do it, right? Every week. You created a combat scenario for yourself with 33 enemies. (New Jersey accent) Did you just make a Hoboken reference in the middle of our DND game? (New Jersey accent) The Clam Broth House is a huge part of my childhood, and she's right. It's not there any more. It's been gentrified. (New Jersey accent) Sure, yeah. When I was a kid, it was a place where drunks stumbled out of. It is 15. Oh, am I? There's still a dwarf holding the girl, right? The dwarf is holding her? Frankfurt is? I would like to hit that fucking dwarf's bare ass with my whip, so I'm going to make an attack. Oh, that's a natural one! (groaning) Fucking fuck a duck. As a bonus action, I would like to cast Sanctuary on myself. No, I have to stay right here. Next. There's no reaction to getting hit in the face. It's if somebody is running away from you. That's hazy; that's up to you. Hunter's Mark or nothing. You count it up. The one with the lowest hit points gets hit first within the area of effect. Creatures within 20 feet of a point you choose within range. Did you pick a point? Are affected in ascending order of their current hit points, starting with the creature that has the lowest current hit points. Each creature affected by this spell falls unconscious until the spell ends. So whoever's at their lowest gets hit first. Hit the dog with one hit point. That's the first hit point. Frankfurt's in the center. Viking woman. Barmaid? She's not a minor, but she is not interested. Players are in charge of knowing their shit, except for Eric. You don't know. That's the mystery, Eric. Plus five, that's right. 23! So why are we doing it again? Jesus, it was almost the same! Oh no, that's a 12. 17. This has got to be Gilmore Girls dialogue. I am 13, but until the spell ends, any creature who targets the warded creature must make a wisdom save versus 14. Choose a new target or lose the attack. Okay, so I know that I can get within ten feet. I'm going to take my fucking white whip and whip this guy in the fucking face. Ugh, no. It's bullshit. It's eight. It's just an eight. That does not hit. Fuck it! Then, for a bonus action, I'm going to cast Chill Touch on both whoever this person is and Clothesline because I'm a death cleric and part of my perks is that I can cast Chill Touch on two people next to each other instead of just one. Two ghostly spectral hands fly out and latch onto both of their fucking faces. The targets must both succeed on a dexterity saving throw versus 14. Fuck you, Ashly Burch! Yeah, both of them. Oh, then neither worked. Oh, BFFs K-I-T! Well, I can move back one space. That's it. Sanctuary is still up. I don't know. You don't know. Yep, the square. The cube. Six! Plus. Roll it again. Six! But you got maximum damage on that attack, which is rare. Constitution. You've been rolling real well tonight, Eric. And you still are. It's a 23 total. Fuck that guy! Just for the record, when I sat in the chair, I'd at least directed-- DMed to eight-year-olds once or twice. Sam came in blind, hot. So hot. Clit-rota. CholieAmenthys? Punchy. Pithy. I'm moving towards the door immediately, the trapdoor. As I walk, I'm casting Shield of Faith on myself. It just boosts my AC, that's all. I'm going to kick the bard in the ass, and when I kick him in the ass, I'm going to cast Light on his ass as he falls down into the hole. It's anything I touch, and it's a cantrip, so his ass lights up as he falls down the hole. Oh, let's see how long that lasts. One hour. So Kingston's ass is lit up. No, it's a really easy spell for many of us. On your other side, Sam. I'll help. Are they here or are they here? What's our marching order, DM? We shoved the bard down first. I'll go after him. We have something to do. You can ask me lots of questions later. Let's just kill the thing and get the girl, all right? I do not. Sort of. I walk past the idiot and start walking down the hallway. Yeah, I'm looking as carefully as I can into the next space. I will peer for enemies or the people we're following or anything. I call down over my shoulder and say hey, ass kicker! No, it's not. Clothesline, get up here. And I'm going to do my best to see if there's any kind of trap on the door I'm looking at. I'm looking at the door in front of me and seeing if I can see anything hinky with it. Natural 20. Well, I'm going to go inside. I would first like to cast Light again, because it's a cantrip, I can do it as many times as I want, and that means the bard's ass goes out and I'll say that the grip of my whip lights up and I hold it upside down. You're not there. You said there were potions on the table that I see now. I've entered the room and I want to inspect the potions you said there were on the table? Ten. I jot that down on a scrap of paper and put it away, because I am a businesswoman, as well. Okay. I will start back and find the catwoman in the doorway. It's up to you. If ten minutes have passed since I cast it? That's the third one for Burch! And I have to roll versus it. So you got a what total? That's a big four. (laughter) The big thing tonight is I'm like luck-- no. Phantom limb syndrome. (strained) It was probably a bad idea. (strained) I think you need to kill me later. I think we need to survive this basement. We're talking a long time. Can I cast a spell? I would like to cast Inflict Wounds at second level. Make a melee spell attack against a creature you reach. Okay. She's done. That is a 19 plus six. That is a 25. This is Inflict Wounds. Make a melee spell attack against a creature you can reach. On a hit, the target takes 3d10 necrotic damage. Except I'm doing it at second level, so it's 4d10. And so my hand just grips her forearm and death filters through it. Ten. 19. 29. ASHLY and Not even the bard. No, you're awake, you motherfucker! That's water under the bridge, Brain. Gagging your ass and then lighting a candle seems like possibly three actions. DND is all about negotiation. While they're thinking about it, can I talk to the cat? I'm not a very nice person. Yes. I am a servant of the Chained Oblivion, and I want everything destroyed. And I know that doesn't sync up with your motivation. That's rough. But I could kill you now. Or you could come with me and help me get this girl. And then maybe you'll make your way out of it. Maybe you'll survive. I'm going to give you a chance because I think you're worth more to me alive now than dead. And if you're very nice and don't argue, I'll even make you feel a little better. What do you say? Clothesline, I'm not a nice person. I facepalm her and cast Cure Wounds. That is-- I'll tell you. That is eight hit points back for you. Hooray, eight, hey! You can try to kill me later. I want the little red-haired girl, you understand? Come on. I'll follow her. No, but I have other skills. I would like to cast Command on the dwarf. He has to make a wisdom saving throw. So roll the d20 plus three. Not until after this spell is done. Aw, 13? Plus three is 16. He beat it! Damn! He beat it! Spell burned! Was he anywhere near me when I had that private conversation? Roll high. Catch me out, because I'm terrible. That's a two. Jayne places her hand on Clothesline's shoulder and says wait. No, I didn't leave that hallway. Whenever she would have walked forward I would have said, wait. It's up to you if you wanted to. Come. No, I'm at that tunnel entrance. I never entered. Oh shit! I'm looking at the ceiling. You said there are a lot of numbers up there? And there's nothing different about any of them? What color is the lock? An Irish flag. That is a 17 for me. You're a terrible person. Were those the orange numbers? I got a 14. How's the bard doing? The bard! I see him staring up, as well. How are you doing, darling? Can you read the numbers on the ceiling? Keep going. There's four pillars. One of them poofed out poison. And the lock looks like what over there? Sam's given us a MENSA challenge, and we all die here. Seven months without an episode break. The numbers on the pillars are not any color, are they? You're so brave, Kingston. You should try as many combinations as possible. Even if it burns you somehow, you should keep trying. My weaknesses? I don't know what those are. I could tell her many things. I will tell you lots of things in the interest of not slowing down this episode. You learn that I'm very weak and easily hit. You learn that I am almost out of spells. And you have learned that I am part of four generations of women that have served the Chained Oblivion, which is a god that everyone has heard of. And the Chained Oblivion wants to destroy everything and I am fucking crazy, just like my mother. What's after the eight? 24? Nine. The fuck is this, Sam? I see a pattern, but I don't know what it leads to. Assholes. Six is one-third of 18. Seven is one-third of 21. Eight is one-third of 24. Nine is one-third of 27. Ten. What's the ten? Ten is different than the rest. I don't know if that means ten is important, but it's different than the rest. Ten. Six is one-third of 18. Seven is one-third of 21. Eight is one-third of 24. Nine is one-third of 27. Ten is one-third of-- there's nothing there. 30. Why did you have to bring math into it, you shit? You're doing it. MARY and Shit, what is that? There are so many math majors watching right now who are so mad at us. But Eric can sound like Chris Rock so-- Can we get a wet rag flown in? You are getting beat up behind the studio tonight. I mean, his character's dumb as fuck. I think he might be going in. (New Jersey accent) You know what you got to do? You got to fucking attack. (New Jersey accent) I would like to use my bonus action to drop a deuce. Disadvantage on his shit. I love high fantasy, by the way. I start pushing the cat, and start moving towards the room. And I would like to try to get within ten feet of the salamander, so behind the sorcerer. And I would like to attack, if no one else is going to jump on it. Yeah. 17. None of it's real. On her next turn, she makes a death saving throw. So she's just unconscious. She could be brought back, if anybody gives a fuck. Oh, it's running? It's within ten feet of my range with the whip, so I do, too. Disadvantage on everything. With how things are going, and where I am right now, I'm just going to cast Chill Touch, which has a range of 120 feet. Retreat? Oh, it's not my turn? Oh, if he ran, no, that would be the whip, as soon as he ran. So that's just an attack. That hits. That's an 18 plus some stuff. Okay, so that's just 1d4 plus two, so that is a two plus two is four, and I'm going to Channel Divinity and fill that with death. So that will be a total of more than four. One second, please. Hold on. That's an 18 damage, as it runs. 18 total, as it runs. It was a four from the whip, and then 14 necrotic damage because I'm fucking insane. And the Chained Oblivion's wrath fills this fucking asshole. Half cover, so at disadvantage. So you can go on a diagonal, and then you can see him straight on. Elizabeth Warren runs in! Well, it wasn't me. Shit. As a cantrip, I'm going to cast Chill Touch on the salamander. Ranged spell attack. All right. I want to use this one. Oh, that's terrible! That is an eight. So a ghostly hand grabs the pillar and nothing happens. That was an action. Yes, I'm going to move. I'll move myself. Five, ten, 15, 20, 25, 30. I'm just going to be right there. To the home audience choose the Luck feat. Whoa, she's unconscious? I can? Oh, good. Instead, while everyone's focused on the salamander, I'm going to loop the whip around, and yank, and twist her neck. That's two death saves, is what that is. And on her turn, she has to make a death save. If she fails it, she's a goner. At who? Frank Grillo? You can get up. It's half your movement, but you can fuck me up, still. I haven't lost a hit point this entire game. No, the dice are doubled. What the fuck is that? Get out of this building! Do the Leonidas handshake with me; that was amazing. In addition to the last attack? No hit points, to all the hit points. No, not all. Only the best people are in the cult. You'd be surprised. Not great, but hold on. Five plus six is 11. I'm sorry, that does not hit. I'm so sorry. This salamander is like, "Look at these assholes fighting amongst themselves!" So you could cast it on me, which you would do, as a paladin who hates the Chained Oblivion. So roll again; if you do better, you hit me. He's got no legs. Wait, before we move forward, I know that I'm after Gryffin. Yes. So because that is so, I would like to attack the tabaxi with my whip, now. That is a 13 to hit? Fuck. Okay, I'm going to start to run. One, two, three, four, five, six. Okay? Six seconds have passed. One, two, three, four, five, six. Takes a lot of concentration, yeah? Ashly, we all lived, so it's like we're all winners, right? I kept trying to take away those two hit points for so long! If I could have rolled a critical hit one time, like you did three times, I could have one-hit killed any of you. Any of you. Thank you to Matthew Mercer, who does this week after week after week.