I can't draw for shit. What about the scientology graphic novels? Well, I'm up to level six. (laughter) Sea Org uniforms, watching a giant-screen TV of Critical Role. (laughter) I'm getting wicked deja-vu, brah. Also, though, this is an exit. Do you want the only exit to be in your basement? The only one? Or are there more of these places? I think I like your idea, but I worry that we're upping the odds of-- Listen, we just found out that she's alive, or something. She's going to unleash some sort of fresh hell somewhere. We're upping the odds of it happening under your living room. How much time do I have left on my wings? A lot, probably, like a half hour or 40 minutes? It wasn't that long. Yeah, I did. I would kind of like to see that. Plus, he's got a lot of big words now. You want to be around to see them in action. You're also really clever. Forget your spells. And funny, and it's good to have you around, so yeah, do you want to go someplace really horrible with your family, or what? Tary, it's up to you, but you were talking about going back. I wonder if we could take them to Allura or to Shaun. Lionel, I have the perfect thing for you. And I pull out the metal skullcap. No, that's the Lionel Gayheart one. People will have a harder time fucking with you, in general. Yes, I am. I've had this hat for years. I've known that I've had it, and I've talked to him about it. No one's ever asked about it, you've never asked about it. You are a hoarder. You are many good things-- Grog. This skullcap that Lionel is wearing requires attunement. Would you like to give up one of your really lethal weapons-- Do I even have the ability to fly in here? Is there an outer edge where the magic is not-- Cannot. Okay. They do burrow. Do we jump on three, or is it one, two, three, go? We'll just repurpose those Yoda bags. She can cure us of poison. What form are you going to take? I won't bore you with the details, but while all that was going on, while they were searching and they were destroying things, Vax wandered a hundred feet out and sat down and did a little talking to the mother of ravens, and basically said, not expecting an answer This is it, isn't it? Not good. 13. I will see you soon. Hey, guys! Like that giant, stinking flower. Grog took a bite of the giant, stinking flower. I will eat you with a lovely chianti and some vafall. Or shoving in somebody's bed. I'm behind her doing this. Scanlan, what do you think? At least in the short term. I pull two of the fruits. Things are happening now. Is Gilmore still in town? He left for good? Delilah gets knocked out, she gets the fuck back up again! Thin slices. It's all shabu-shabu from here on out. You can certainly try. I'm in my room. Kiki, is that-- Oh. Is it, though? Is it? Right. Yes. That's kind of her thing, yeah. Almost like fate, isn't it? Hey. She will be there. She will be with us when we reach the end. Well, it is religion. Right. I mean, like Pike has always said, I don't have all the answers at all. I do. You know, she's not very big on specifics. It's more of a vibe kind of thing. But the vibe I get, I'm not going to call it good. This is it. This is what you and I have been doing our homework for. And it's not going to slow down, it's only going to speed up. I don't think I'm going back to Zephra anytime soon. This is the best year of my life. I'm very happy. Life is good. We're going to ensure that it stays that way. Sorry I didn't have more for you. Hmm. If you see my druid, would you send her to bed? Thank you. Good night. Totally awesome metal band. We spent a year reading books. That's what a ziggurat is. It's like an Aztec bip-bip-bip. Hell yeah there is a ziggurat. Yeah, it was a ziggurat. I'm speaking in my voice because I'm not there, but he said-- Yeah, oh, he's poker-facing it. We said ziggurat many times when we were down there. Yeah. And they were missing arms? What do you think, Taryon Darrington? Or Scanlan. Ed Harris in The Abyss. You've never given up a day in your life, you bitch. We can go visit one of them. I'm not there. Wait. One second. Did you guys-- Give me the download. Holy moly. Do you need to get word back home? Because I don't think we're going home. I mean, the dreams I've been having all year and telling you about. They felt like this. This is the moment. I'm not saying that. Well, I didn't say that, either. We were going to go back in a day or two, and I don't think that's happening. Do you think everyone at home, they're good? Okay. Kiki, I'm not giving up. I will never give up on you. I'm so glad that we're together for this, whatever it is. And no, I'm not resigned. I would love to see you off to a very long life in Zephra. No, with you. With you, until I'm not with you. Your dad's probably worrying. I worry about him worrying about you, that's all. You know, I am so anxious right now, and the only thing that is going to distract me is all your fucking freckles, so come to bed, all right? Come on. I promise. Well, that's an easy promise to make. I promise. I believe. Get the fuck in this bed. That's the most beautiful one. LAURA and I mean, the Gabon ebony is really nice, but the Purpleheart-- It's the Gabon. Gabon? Life comes at you fast, Matt. And chock-full of undead, you said? Sorry, she carries this book around. She's very precise with her notes. But doable? Well, we are potentially going to throw ourselves at the greatest evil that this world has ever known, in the hopes that the entire world can survive, so that's a big favor. That's a big gimme for you. So maybe in exchange for that, you could send a little message. Who is your daddy, and what does he do? (laughter) Seriously, thank you. Nothing. Are they sweet or savory? I grab one. Whitestone is made of fancy chalices, isn't it, Percy? One of them is super gauche. Why is the school crossing guard from my hometown in New Jersey in Whitestone right now? Everybody in Weehawken is like, what happened to Larry? Now stay in school, Liam. Stay in school. Yeah. I want to track down Kynan for a minute. Hey, brother man. How's all? You got all these ladies and gentlemen in shape? I don't want to take up a lot of your time. We just got in, and we're heading out again. Anyway, I'm glad that I have Simon back, but I feel bad because I gave it to you and I took it away. But we're leaving, and I want to travel light, so I wanted to make it up to you. I have this. I'm going to give you this dagger. It's the Keen Dagger. Take this. It's too much; I can't use it. I've got this thing. Anyway. Just hold onto it. That's it. Yeah. That one's better. And thanks, and I think Percy's thankful, too. I think. You're doing really good work here. Long, twisted road, but look where we are. Look where you are. Pat, pat. On his dick, obviously. (laughter) On his cheek. That's it. Anyway, you're busy. We'll see you soon. I will. Keep up the good work. (whoosh) Three copper. I never said that. The old-fashioned way? Grog, think of all the things you've pulled out of there that look like sloppy joes, when they didn't look like that going in. No. Guess who's back? I'm with your beau. I don't feel strongly about it. I'm right behind you. Me. (whoosh) I'll use my first Luck of the day. Wasn't that bad, but it's an important roll. That's better. 20. There are buildings around, so are we in the middle of a field, a plain, badlands? 40. Are we temporarily staying put and talking shit out or are we going? (whispering) What's the matter? I'll look in the window with my 40 stealth. This is probably redundant, but I will Divine Sense undead. Do I sense, see, hear anything besides this one? 60 feet. I'm going to crouch down by this dead rodent. Do I sense the Queen, more or less, here? 18. Hey, you feeling good about your decision to come with us? Super slow, super careful. I'm the best I've ever been. Don't worry about me. Worry about us. Yes. Not since we got here, no, but recently. This one goes to nine. You guys, let's go shopping! (laughter) Within the next eight hours. Looking cool, but stealthing. Are they moving like troops or is each individual following its own...? Yeah, what's their demeanor? How far are they from us? Coming our way? Or watch, see what they're doing. Yes. But do we watch, see what they do with the sphere first? Let's watch for a moment longer. 45. Yeah, like a Catholic. All three? Take one? Kill two, leave one? No. When we go, follow suit. 26. 85. Like clockwork. It's got a gimp hole? Plus Pass Without Trace. 37, that's kind of low for me. Press him. I punch him in the temple. I punch him in the mouth. No, that's the stick. Or Grog will pull your arms off. It's got to come from him. How does Delilah factor into it? What does she get out of it? What does she do? I know, but he's probably promised them all something. I punch him in the temple again. A strength check? For some Jello? He's going to stumble out like a maniac. Squish the bug, Grog. And those things, we don't know if they could alert back if they saw something fishy like that. We're in an ancient city. Are there the remains of furniture in here? No, I want to shove him in a closet or wrap him up in something. Does anybody see any-- Never mind. I'm going to investigate, too, because I was looking for furniture. And I have advantage, hold on. Investigation... 22. Right, so this is all worse than Fallout Three at this point. PlayStation Three graphics. Dorks! Serious deja vu. Bring your dog to work day! And Charlie? Can Charlie come?