Sold. You heard it here first. Why limit myself to just one? Did your character in the time jump go to the Feywild, or go sailing on the sea? We need to share it with the world. Laura just leveled up, and her attack bonus went down. Figuring it all out. Yeah, shambling zombies. And we learned that it does something, too. From ghouley deads, specifically. And stay low-key. We don't need to go marching. 18. Too big. Does it look like it's just happening in our direction, or is it coming toward us? Or Taliesin Jaffe. So this is Osgiliath, right? It's wrecked ruin, no complete buildings, or are any of them? We've seen long-dead people. This is fucking creepy in the upside-down. (airplane noise) Worth it. These bodies, compared to the ex-champion of the Raven Queen, do these bodies seem even older? More decayed? Do we have any sense for how old these fuckers are? How far off are they? I'm not going to go. I'll wait. Yeah, no one poking out ahead for this. I'm feeling Foresighty. Can I creep up behind and do the same? Would that be an even roll, then, since I have advantage on everything? Oh, that's going to fail. Ooh! 18. 24. (grunting) 24. Cursory trap check, even though it seems unlikely. 19. Wait till you see the sprinkler system. You summoned Cosette. (singing) There is a lady all in white... Are we talking dragon size? You are a terrible stage mom, by the way. Is it still after her, or has it given up on that ghost? Still a cat and a flashlight. Yeah, we can just go hopping from building to building. 39. Building to building toward the tower? Well, we'll find out. Let's make a break for it. And are we, Without a Trace and Dust of Tracelessness? That's just a one time... Why don't the half-elves go real quick, just to stay small and quiet. No clanking, no crushing. You take a look at the wall, and then we just call everybody up. Just two seconds if it's the way to go. So the change in the wall's about 60 feet, but the wall from our hiding spot is how far away from us? I think it's fine. We're good. We found it. Looking through the door, can we tell how deep? And the moment he makes a ruckus, the air squad is coming down on our location immediately. One question is, if these stones are used to pull this tower into the main realms, is there another purpose to them here, or is that doorway safe, is what I'm wondering? I feel like we should go through the wall or over it, just on principle. Kiki, would you be able to Great Escape us underneath this wall? I think so. We're not trying to get all the way there, just past this. If I don't look, he can't kill me. You're running! Come on! I'm going to say that I didn't leave the other side of the wall when I realized that she wasn't coming through. So, waiting right in front of Scanlan. I'm three feet away from you. Welcome back, Scanlan Shorthalt. I could probably ride him, and if shit goes south, I could get away. By Mr. Mistoffelees? We don't know what we're talking about, which is why I think the idea to go scope it out is a good one. The tower, is it obscured by all this shit happening on top of it? Vex can see there's no windows; can we see if there's a rooftop to it at all? Is it this, is it this, or can we not see? And we're walking, and we're walking. Three times for a bunch of days. Let's burn down Manhattan. How do you do that?! For what? What's the plan here, man? You're really far away from anything fucking nice. Pike got Dragon Aged. Wait, there's a little bit of skull right there. All right. Yeah. What do you think's going to happen in an hour? Everything's going to kick off in an hour? Where's your pet? Let's go find some shit out. Time's a-wasting, Scanlan, let's go. I nestle in behind Scanlan. Let's ride. Maybe the prettiest Wyrmwood box ever. I squeeze the gnome tighter. That's okayish. 34. A low 34. Now that we're closer, I'm looking for windows that she might not have been close enough to see. Doors, holes, anything. Yes, sir. Hey! It really just depends on the day. 26. Mother bitch. But some are left. A lot of motherfuckers just died on the top of that tower. You felt that? How much time left on that hour, buddy? We've got to go. No, we should not do that. We could. I just don't feel like freeballing it right now, and I'd really like the group. Clearly. We are the most, as the kids say, OP. Let's get back to the group. Saw a lot of fucking people just die on the top of that tower. I can't guarantee it, but I think it's a safe bet that your girl Delilah is up there. Yeah, there was some sort of massive pulse of energy, 20-something hooded figures just dropped dead on the spot. A wave of some shit blasted through us. What else are we doing here? We're weighing risk here. What do we think would happen if we spent an hour having that Feast right now? No. There was a ringleader, but we were too far out. Yeah. Precisely three. (laughter) We were 100 yards out or something? Also, the idea that we're going to sneak into that tower is farfetched. Even if it fails, the fight will still come to-- Either we bring the fight to them, or we rip down the tower and bring the fight to us. I'm just going to throw my vote in the ring here, that I think we should take the time for the Feast. You know, we're not killing piles of rats in the sewers, here. This is serious. It is largely GoFiBePo? It's also unsettling as fuck, right? Probably. For you all, yes. Beeline to the tower. Is it concentration? And you can still fuck shit up while you got that earthquake going, right? Are you just doing Earthquake the whole time, or are you just standing there staring at the ground? But you're not lightning anybody's ass, not doing anything like that. You're focusing on the tower. That's really big. All right. All right, let's teleport inside that dragon. Come on. That's the plan. Mythcarver! You used Mythcarver to pull a Little Rascals! Hey guys, it's the third time Scanlan has used Mythcarver! (laughter) I'm also going to say, some time in the last several hours, I don't remember what the armor is set to, to necrotic. You all look like my sister. It's fucking wild. Fuck the normies. Also wondering how we're doing in the gloom stalker department? But it's Delilah Briarwood. Tower still needs to come down. No one walks away. Start walking. We're not sneaking up on shit. I'm going to shoot up and past by quite a bit. I'm going to say that I'm about 80 feet in the air, just off-center. Towards Vex and Keyleth, but just off-center. I'm going to say I'm there, straight up. Someday, we could have a game with two beholders on our side. Those are my platforms, I can take them back anytime I want! When was the last time we went to bed? No, I mean, like, right before coming? I can't remember the last time we had a full rest. Okay. I think I have all my Lucks. That's why I'm asking. Not 100% sure. I know it! Girl! 16. 16. Sylas, broomstick-up-his-ass, death knight Briarwood. Guys, we've got to start the new campaign sometime. We're going to die. Yep! That's hot. God damn it. 18. It's paralysis. It's a big fuckin' headlamp. Flipping those pages. And I said, biiiiitch. Vax on the ground just starts going (unintelligible yells). I'm shaking, guys. Got to squeeze my spiky dice to wake up. Holy shit, Grog. To do what? All right, so I'm at disadvantage, but I have advantage, so it would be one straight roll? Oh, so no. It is 21 when the daggers are out, and my daggers are in my hands. I mean, I don't know, this is kinda loosey-goosey. All right, then I'm at 20. Familiar. Gotta fucking attack that bitch. Fuck you, Sylas. I'm going to attempt to roll a natural 20. I know. It's not a natural 20, though, which is what it's going to take. I'm going to use Luck. 18 and a 19. Plus two. Gets me to 21. I need a natural 20. Luck. No. Okay. Jesus balls. Sounds good. (singing) We'll fucking lead as two kings! It sounds like she can't cast spells too well. He could just evil monologue a little bit, tell us his plan? Good night. I can't. It's an automatic fail because I'm paralyzed. She probably kind of likes it. Where did Sleep go? Vax is watching, frozen. Well, we weren't technically dating when we killed her, so I'm not really sure if she'd know. Yeah, but that Fireball was super low. Halved from the Deathwalker's Ward. It's set to necromantic. Oh. Well, then I'm down. I said this was the last episode, and I meant it. The initiative is Grog, Pike, Vax right now. Let's get a god in here. Light or dark meat. I don't care. One or the other. Get one of those ladies in here! Pickle time. I was just about to say, this is revenge for Demogorgon! Disintegrate? You can find him. I'm gone. There's no finding me. I'm gone. (vacuuming noises) (laughter) Plus the inspiration. I never did a single thing in this fight. There's also a superior healing potion lying on the ground amongst all my shit. Boots, his voice says from beyond the grave. He'll be Finger of Deathing me double-time. Your extensions look good, but I feel like that is... I love you so much. Like a dog at a fire hydrant. Eat a dick! Feywild Spring Break, motherfuckers! Do it, Scanlan. Do it. Shorthalt's back. (fake crying) You sadistic motherfucker! You cut it right there?! I was okay until right then! I was okay until right then! What else were we going to do? Set up an Orange Julius stand by that tower? Of course we were going to go into that tower. Number one lesson. The one takeaway tonight. The one takeaway is just how OP Vax'ildan is. (laughter) You did great. You've got one chance to do something fucking amazing. Last Thursday.