I was Troy Baker's fluffer. It's prestigious. I'm in the first one. The thing I killed two weeks ago? That was me. You play a sword?! They scare you so bad that, even when it's official, I'm like "I'm in the--" I hope you like hearing the word ranger. LIAM, TRAVIS, and We missed an opportunity to put Backblaze on that back brace. (groaning) No next time! You show up ten minutes after we start, you leave an hour before we end the game every week. Looks fucking awesome! The writing is awesome! The art is awesome! It's coming out with the DLC for Middle Earth. Expedite! I'm going to do my due diligence and scoot a little ahead of everybody and start looking for traps or anything hinky. Did anybody see that guy? Nobody asked me about him. That clearly undead cannibal dwarf eating flesh, as I saw it, so problem solved. We're on a time table, yeah? Are we going to take a little 20-minute breather here? We're doing the Vox Machina thing and standing around like a bunch of dumb fucks trying to figure out what to do. I'm going to attune the Deathwalker's Ward to necrotic damage. Oh, I don't know. Is like a headlamp. "Yeah, okay. I'll put this away." She's kind of Canadian already. Come on. Yo. Up front, looking for traps. 20 feet. Yeah? I turn around and look at her and go all right. You're stage-whispering and that's very easy to hear. I love you. Perception check. Investigation for traps? Yeah. That is a 25. It's dark up there. I can only see about 60 feet up. Does it keep going beyond that? Okay. I'm a punching bag for this shit. Why don't you all wait here a minute. Wait. Well, will you go with me? They're gone. This could be the last time we do this. Come on. Well, there's only four games left, Sam. It's scripted! (laughter) Yeah, I think that probably faded by now. Yes. Right. We'll go 60 feet up, see what we can see. Sure. Or you could stay there and I could go even further up 60 feet-- All right. Let's do that. 29. It's corked up. It's all right. Yeah, it's blocked up with stone. I guess I'd have to get a closer look to see if we could get through. Hand on the sides to get my way up closer to it. Looking for any traps. Get ready to catch me. Yes! My athletics is a two, but I rolled a 19, so 21. Yeah. We're not getting through this. Hey. I'm not getting through this, you're not. Maybe Kiki can. Is there a bubble at the top, maybe? Dive, dive! 30-something. Twins are already at the top looking for problems. I'll take the lower half. That's called advantage. 18 for me. I will look at the sconces. I'm going to creep about 40 feet down the hall and continue that search. Every day when I'm on the crapper, Matt. Everywhere. And do I need to make a extra roll to look for traps around this brazier? We are the acid reflux. Jesus Christ. Whoever that is. I don't want to go further than roughly 60 feet away from my sister. Yeah. So I will peep in from here. I did. Let this shit blow up in my face, so everybody hang back for a second. And I'm going to pitter patter in and look around the sconce, the room. I love you anyway. Here I go. Slower than this titan's footfalls. Mirror in brass. So it's an iron room, right? So doorway, brazier, mirror. Look at his fake innocent face. Going to check for traps from right here to start. All right. That's totally fine. That's a jellyfish. That is a 17. Stubby, come up here. I have a real bad history with pushing buttons. (sighs) So we've got buttons. If something stupid is going to happen here, I don't want it to be on me alone for once. So we've got an unlit brazier, there's mirror over there, and buttons, yeah. I thought that, as well. Can we get your hub up here, please? Jesus! I catch her wrist. Just a second. You two do the thinking, all right? And I take a step into the room. What do I do? I scoop some ash. Lady of the Grey Hunt, here. I scoop up some ash and I pour it into her hands. Look at that face! You are not lying! That's it, yeah. Just quarters. Heads up, heads down. I pull off my belt and say Hello, Simon. Wake him up. Hi. Gosh, it's been a while. That's right. Go check out the mirror, Simon, all right? Off you go. I dart back one step out of the room as it happens. That's on the list. Simon, buddy. Crawl up the brazier. Wrap around it. Go up to the top. There's two buttons low down. Oh man. The nostalgia here. All right, buddy. I take two steps back away from the door. Buddy buds. Will you go push those low buttons in the room? There's two, right? There's two high up. And I don't think he can reach the high, because he doesn't stick to walls. Get the one over here on the left first. That's true. That could be. I lean over to Percy, I say science! No, I took two steps back from the door. Wait. Simon is technically a magical item, so I don't think he would be harmed by anything going on in there, so why don't we give it five minutes? Yeah. Yeah, we've had blue balls for two weeks, and it's all coming out now. Simon? Come here, buddy. (gasps) He's a magical item! Oh, but he could have turned back into a belt. He would come to me, Percy! Jeepers creepers! Perception check? 29! Okay, I'll get that in a minute. I'm thinking, having no knowledge of magic, that we either want to somehow push all four of these buttons at once, as my sister said, or light this brazier, or both. A way to get through that only the creator would know how to use? Listen, all of you, or I, are going to be dead very soon. Are you sure you want to be that sarcastic right now? So you are impervious to being set on fire or burned? Press all four buttons at once, although we've got at least three sharpshooters-- Please stand by. How many people at home do you think have figured this out already? Did you use your ascot? And I'm going to start blowing around the mirror. "Yeah, the last time I wanted you to do it on your own, but I think we're pressed for time." How long does your unseen servant last? How long? An hour? Ten minutes? Well, I have this jar. It's an oil of etherealness. You could potentially be standing in here, but not be in here. Lasts an hour, though. Same time gap as your friend. You could stand in here and not be in here. I'm pretty sure it's up up down down left right left right A B A B. (singing) Scanlan Man, Scanlan Man. Does whatever a Scanlan can. Makes a guy, pushes buttons, Scanlan Man-- I'm out. Also, what about shooting the button or firing an arrow at a button? We do have three trammels. He's like a Kids in the Hall character. Not cool, man, not cool. The last episode of the third campaign will be a door that we do not open. Can we see? I meant where we are. Are we in pitch black? I've got a dagger out. Pike says, "That's actually right". And I'm going to scoot 40 feet up the stairs and look as I go for traps. One. I'm taking it, but I'm still going and looking for traps. Does that oversee ones? Because I've been counting ones as ones for a long time. Okay, well, we wrongly assumed that ones and 20s were king, but no. That's an 18. My one is an 18 now. Okay, but I'm only going to go 40 feet in advance. That's like ten fucked rolls of mine from the past 30 games! Anyway, I love it. But do you remember when we were at home and we'd go six weeks without playing and we'd spend 45 minutes trying to remember what we did, how the rules worked, what our names were, who you were. 40 feet in advance. I am. That is an 18, anyway. Yeah, I appreciate it as I go, and I look for traps. Love it. That's an 18. And is it like where I killed that motherfucker? They were built into the cliff face, right? I want to confirm an intuition and use my last Divine Sense and feel undead. 60 feet. Speaking into the earrings; they're all behind me. I think we're in a more populous place with the undead cannibals, know what I mean? There's a very large cavern in here and a lot of room. We're on a schedule here. I'll wait, obviously. Nothing's going to explode on my friends, so they catch up with me. Everything we were told is that this place is full of undead cannibals. Is there any movement, because there's bioluminescent shit on the walls in here, so there's a little bit of light, right? Yeah. 26. A second thing I want to look for is what other exits from this gigantic cavern. Ways through, up. Yeah, you looked, but I didn't look. I don't think we want to stay here-- Find another exit, yeah, but where? Right, what's your plan? You expect us to come up with a plan to explain why your gloves are connected to that temple, and you're going to get what? A Mighty Morphin Power Ranger bonus for doing so? Yeah, are they still dildoing on your fingers? We're moving towards Vasselheim now. I'm negative on our chances of dealing with this before Vasselheim, but that's the goal, right? I'm pulling Percy aside. I hear you, but this is a city that has existed here for a long time. Vecna didn't create this city. Vecna doesn't own these people. This is a fucking mountain that existed and now they're going for a ride. What do these people have to do with Vecna? No? And Vecna's just a user. This place was just sitting there. He lifted it up and took it away. These assholes don't have anything to do with-- Percy, this shitbird has appeared like three times wherever we were. Yeah, he's 110 miles out from Vasselheim, at this point. I'm also going to put something on the table here we're trying to save Vasselheim, but we're also trying to save the world. We might not be able to do this without recharging before Vasselheim. No, but we're trying to save the world, not just a city. What if we lose the fight Scanlan? Then who fucking cares? Vasselheim is gone. Westruun is gone. Kaylie is gone. Everything's fucking gone if we fuck this up! I hate the idea, but I'm the stealthiest motherfucker in this room. Everybody but Keyleth. The boys all die. The girls go to glory. I yank the druid in for a kiss. 40 feet in advance, Vax walks ahead of the group, hating himself. Here we go. I'm checking for enemies hiding. 34. But that's a lot of good. 29. Can we put the goliath on the carpet so he doesn't kick something or be himself? I know that, but he's a big, blundering mother fucking asshole when he wants to be-- And they're to the right or the left or ahead of us? Go left. Jenga, jenga, jenga. Can we put Grog on the carpet now? We've got a little bit of business, a little bit of activity ahead of us, so we want to curve to the left. What's the distance? Oh shit! Pickle walks forward and takes a knee and waits with her holy symbol of Sarenrae, waiting for them. Vax does the same, watching his badass sister, and Pike waits to turn whatever's left of them. So what happens first? Yeah. She's waiting until she sees them. So she's waiting until they're within range of her holy abilities. That's a good question, because I'm a rogue paladin. (sighs) Goddamn it. What if I look in the sorceror rules? 30 feet. So she's waiting for the twins to do their work and anything that's left over she's going to scatter. 25, 31, natural 20. I'm after my sister. She talked before I did. Oh, and we go first, so it's advantage. Sneak attack hits the first time we connect, right? So then that one's gone? Okay. So paladin action-action and my bonus action. So that's the first of three. The last one's the one that was a critical hit so the second one goes onto the next whole skeleton. It's just an eight. Okay. And then the last critical hit, which is Whisper again, because it bamfed back, is two plus eight is ten. Two and three. It's not that much. It's 15 total. I've already said it, but she's whispering to me to hold. She's half of Pike right now. You're half of Pike right now. Pike holds, breathing hard, looking at them coming on. We still have Pass Without Trace? You're the doctor! Keep your patients on the run! 37, by the way. Is it ready to go, though? Is it ready to go, though? Do we have any sense of where we started in this giant cavern? Or are we totally fucking turned around? Oh! All the way on the other side. I thought it was central. So it's pressed against the opposite wall of this big place? Is that light you talked about coming from one specific source, or all over the place? Every window. From down below. But what are our options if that doesn't work? I want to do that. If that doesn't work, I can click the boots, and I can be there in a heartbeat and run, but what do we do next? This goes back to my conversation with you, which is are we going to find a pocket and rest? Agreed, but we're talking about Vasselheim, and is damage to Vasselheim a sacrifice needed to be ready to do what's necessary? So we're talking about no rest. I'm not talking about a short rest. Not without him spilling into Vasselheim. Yeah, that's right. My wings are gone. There's no wings for Vecna unless we rest. It's fine, I still have the boots. Just the wings. It was death or wings. I chose wings. But wait, where are we going though if we get this thing? We have no verification of an exit or a hole or anything! That's my entire life, but this is the last moment. We have a plan for getting the crystal, just not how to get the fuck out. Scanlan, only with the boots. (singing) Don't worry, be happy now. How close are the pursuers? I'm throwing. 29. I rolled a 77 for mine. I do. I can say things to her. I can see. I'm looking for gaps or holes or anything in the ceiling of this cavern or anywhere to get out. MATT; You see entrances to homes that are built into the sides. 27. Vax is trying to appreciate his last ride. No way! I'm not going to stop. Fuck you all. Every game until the end, motherfuckers! This is what's up! Did you say the hole is a natural gap in the cave, or does it look made? Is it faster than my heartbeat? Slower. It's like a hunk at the natural history museum of minerals. I'm going to do that. She looked at the eclipse, too. What if it stops this thing where it stands? We're all thinking that this thing could be its heart. It's not evil. It's not good. It could be the thing that's keeping these undead moving. I like the spiking idea. I think that you should let me squish it, because if that blows up-- We spent ten minutes getting this thing. On it. 27. Yeah. Not locked. Can I use my finger skills to see if it's locked? Just my finger skills. I made a perception check to see if it's trapped. Wouldn't I know if it's locked? I'm going to try to sidestep this lock with my lock-picking skills. TRAVIS and There's nothing to do? Quick glance in the crates? Check them out. I eat some edamame. That was the first crate. What's the next crate? Is it whoopee cushions? Healing potions are blue. For toilet diving. I give one of them to Percy for being so sharp. I give one to my sister. You don't need it. I keep one. No, I don't. I'm barely alive. I give one to Scanlan. 30 to 40 feet in advance. 28 for stealth. She's coming. I hide. That's what I do. We don't recognize faces? We don't see faces? I will follow my sister's lead. If she attacks one, I send one to another one and two to the third. One. Two, three. Yeah. 27 on my first. 27. 19, 25. Oh, really? Okay. The first is sneak attack. You are the most powerful person at this table. I got 48 on my first, but that's it. 48, done. 48. 20, ten. That's the critical. That's the dice damage. I rolled really low. May I also dump some poison? Into the first one. I did one into my first target and two into the second; the poison would have gone into the second person. It's a DC of 15. So nothing, right? Balls! Initiative! Yeah, Odell. I just know we've heard it. That's not our way. Not good for Pike. Get that long range. Get that runner. I'm not fast. 13. Pike clocked in at four. Yeah. Where's the remix of this song? So this Wall of Force visually is floor to ceiling? Yes, it is. Ghosts! Shadows! There's ten different kinds of things like that. Fuck! Come on. They're both out of visual range, right? One's in a pillar, and one went through a wall. Are they moaning and shit, in the wall? I can't hear them. Can't see them, can't hear them. All right. Thanks. Here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to dance through to here, where I can see Grog and these guys, and I can see all my friends here, and I'm going to hold my action to attack anyone who comes right up to one of my friends within striking range. You got glitter-bombed with holy goodness. I think the cultist shits his pants and his brain explodes. I think that's in the book. Also, if you get out of range of Vex, Vecna knows all. No, he's grappled. It's a higher level. No. He did what Scanlan does with Counterspell. He beefed it up. So about that long rest... (singing) I want you to be alive. LIAM and Boom, I attack! Sneak attack on the one near Keyleth. All right, 27 on that guy. Okay. So that is three, plus three is six, so ten. (counting) 34 for the first hit, and I have the second paladin attack, so if it's not dead, I will attack again. That is eight for the second. When is Pike? Is it her turn? No? Okay. For clarification, that is the one I hit, as well, right? Oh, Pike hit the other one. Fucking hell. I'm going to do the same thing except I'm going to move to here and wait for something to attack one of my friends. I know it is. That's what I do. I'm waiting until one of them attacks one of my friends. One of the undead. I can't do anything about that. That's what I'm doing. That's my turn. Stupid, I know. That's what Vax does. You're Vex. It took 425 hours, but we did it. We broke his brain. It's eight, plus proficiency bonus, plus her spell bonus. Do you know many hobbits I have under my cloak? That's what he gets for profiling. I bet your spell is 120 feet, Sam. Is it Thaumaturgy? Because that's right where your eyes are. You can move. What about long-range shit, man? Bigby's Hand him? Grab him? That's just some dude from Sea Org in a bathrobe. Punch him! I get to attack. I've been holding. When you hold, does bonus action carry over? I rolled an 18 and a one. Okay, so sneak attack. One. 39 for the second attack. Back to the belt. How's the ball doing? Sis, come up to where Scanlan is so I can go a little further ahead. Yeah. I give her Whisper. I'm standing as far from Vex as I can, but I can't go much farther because obviously-- yeah. Also, we can have Pickle talk to one of these arseholes. Matthew McConaughey is going to reach out of it for you. "So did you want me to talk to one of these guys?" Were you kidding? Are you really in The Explorers? Stop the game! All I'm thinking is I could come up and do Lay on Hands and heals, but I'm like, you made your bed, lie in it. Wait a second, though! God, I don't know what this will do. I have a spell called Zone of Truth. A creature that enters the spell's area for the first time. If it fails. That's right. No, they don't. An affected creature is aware of the spell and can thus avoid answering questions to which it would normally respond with a lie. So it could avoid the questions. But they have to answer the questions because of the other spell. Unable to lie, and with Pike's spell-- LAURA and Charisma saving throw against my spell save DC, which is not huge. 16. I like it. What has Vecna got cooking? He might not know everything. How long does it take for Keyleth to pee? Shit. So can anyone drag him down on his roll to save, or boost me? Does anyone have a cantrip? Okay. All right. Let's do it. Well, first Zone of Truth, then Pike. Red robe seemed more fancy. Red robe did. She tried to cast Speak with Dead Dumbfuck. Vecna is in these motherfuckers' brains.