Sure. So Taliesin and I have been working on something for about a year, with around 89 artists from our community. It's been a glimmer in our eye for over a year, and it is almost here. We're going to be releasing, in the fall from the Geek & Sundry store, a Critical Role art book. (cheering) You guys know what a crucial part of this community the artists have become, and we have selected 89 artists from many more; there wasn't enough-- pages are limited, do I have a page number on here? We've seen it, and it is beautiful. There's going to be a deluxe edition and a standard edition. It will be available for sale in the Geek & Sundry store in the late fall, published by Hunters Books. Yeah. This is not your basic, go the CVS store and get a photo book made. A lot of love and care went into this. We've been talking with artists for months and months. A lot of blood, sweat and tears have gone into this. We're very grateful to the artists who are involved, some of them are in this audience tonight; thank you. (cheering) Why's this small man on the Sistine Chapel? (laughter) Vecna's Amish taint. (laughter) That's a great question. Are you still embiggened right now? I did say that. It's rather personal, though, I hope the rest of you can understand that. I'm not going to be around for much longer, so I wanted to say-- No, we'll find a minute. It's awkward; it's not something I'm comfortable talking with-- No! We can talk out a plan. Tonight before we go to bed. It could be now; it could be later. I take Grog by the arm, and I usher him out the door of the mansion.Yeah. Just out the front door. Is it on fire? Fuck it, Grog, let's go downstairs. Yeah, and I ignore all of the cat-calling and all of the sniping and all of the shittiness. These fucking assholes. That's what Grog is for! Big man? I'm not going to be around much longer, probably, or you're not going to be around much longer; one or the other. Yeah. Boy, I've been holding on to a thing for a while now. Taryon, that scamp, gave me a gift ages ago. He became a fan after I pranked his ass at the beach. He caught the bug, and before we said our goodbyes, he talked to me for a bit and gave me something. Right, I've got to talk simpler; sorry. That's my mistake. Taryon gave me a very unique item, and the purpose of it was to fuck with you. (cheering) Anyway, he wanted me to pull a prank on you, and we have a lot of history with that, and I held onto it for a long time, looking for a time that felt right, and it never happened, and sometimes I felt like I didn't want to do that anymore, but I don't want to let his gift go to waste. And truth be told, I did a bit of research on it. It is a love potion, Grog. (gasping and cheering) Lasts about an hour. (laughter) So I was right to assume then, yeah? We're not all so limited, but that's your thing; that's fine. I can't even use it on you, but I've got it. And I'm going to miss you. I'll be gone soon. I don't even know if we have time. A lot of us could be dead soon, but I'm not offering you this thing, but I'm offering you an experience. (cheering) I don't know if we have time for this, but maybe, for old time's sake, because I love you and I know you love me and we share this in common. I thought maybe we could prank Scanlan together. (cheering) Yeah. It could be tonight. Here's what I don't have. I don't have a plan. I think he just needs to down it one way or another. It could be mixed with something else; it could be on its own. Well, originally I was thinking maybe we could have a bet and see which one of us he falls in love with. (laughter) So that means isolating the gnome away from the others, because he could fall in love with literally anything or anyone. I'm not sure I know what that means, but I will carry this baton and follow your lead. We'll call that Plan A. Plan B will be that you grab his ass, and I just shove it in. (laughter) Hey, what are you guys talking about? We are. We are close. I start examining my fingernails and moving closer to Scanlan. (laughter) Oh, that wine looks really good. Here, let me hold your drink. 29. That was inspiration to me? 39. I instantly dive and grab Keyleth's eyes and cover them, and turn her away. Sorry! Philter of Love. I can recite it for you, if you like. The next time you see a creature within ten minutes after drinking this philter, you become charmed by the creature for one hour. If the creature is of a species and gender you are normally attracted to-- turducken-- you regard it as your true love while you are charmed. This potion's rose-hued effervescent liquid contains one easy-to-miss bubble shaped like a heart. One hour. Guys, this is all besides the point. We have a god to kill. What are we going to do about the god? I want to step outside the game for a second to say that Sam Riegel gave me a bullet to kill Travis Willingham with, and I have turned the gun back on Sam Riegel. (cheering) Time! We don't have a lot of time. So what are we going to do with it? Are we going to get allies? Are we going to talk to Allura again? Gilmore? I don't know in here; I need to shove my head out the door for a sec. 24. Am I able to feel gradual coming towards where we are, away, anything like that? We've sent messages to Tary and to who else? There were two messages sent. I think we'll all feel better after a night's sleep. Yeah. As everybody's trundling up the stairs, I catch Grog alone for a second and say let this stand as a testament to how much I love you. I'm sorry that I shaved your beard. Give him a little pinch on the cheek. Oh, Grog, you couldn't if you tried. Now. Good night, big guy. By the way, when everyone asks me tomorrow on social media why I did it, same answer. Why don't I go see how much progress he's made? And I stick my skull out the door again and see how far he's gotten. Very good. 30. Yeah, they would assume we drowned. Yeah. It could be to pass over their house. He's bearing down on us. We need to tell Pike. We need to warn the authorities. We need to tell the Temple of Bahamut, the Slayer's Take. He's coming, one way or another. (shouting) Pike? Thank you. How much do you know already? I am the paladin of the Raven Queen. They all look similar. She has granted me knowledge of his whereabouts, and he is coming fast. I think that would look better on your middle finger, darling. What a piece of shit! Be priests of Vecna. MARISHA and No, I think that's a good idea. (sizzling) And I start pushing Whisper slowly. Show it to us. How does it look? The druids are dropping us off at the base of the mountain. We don't really know where either of those things are. In my opinion, the gods are generally bored and looking for things to do. So you, Percy, want to go burn them up? We have a cleric. It's all or nothing, Pickle. You're shielding them. My begging has to count, as well! (laughter) Yeah! That's right, she Tron'd those motherfuckers. Are you telling me we're going to have to crawl into another monster's asshole? Is that what you're saying? Allura! It is so good to see you. We need advice. We need help. There you go. When we fought Vecna, he threw us around like ragdolls. He held us. He did whatever he wanted. Do you have any way, any thing, any suggestion for helping us avoid his grasp again? Because if it went the way it went the last time we are fucked right out of the gate. What was that? He was able to hold us, magically. Thank you. (singing) Stay alive. And if he has any trinkets that lend Freedom of Movement, we'll place an order. Tell him we say hi. But are we trying to take out potential additional forces? You know it's like when you take a duck and you put it inside a chicken and then you put the chicken inside a turkey. Or do we each need to deliver the one tied to our gods? Also, Yeah, five more minutes, Raven Mom. Five more minutes. They are so fucking badass. Scanlan is important. Scanlan should have two. Also karma is a thing, and I really want to balance the scales. We've got a long road of history, you and I. Best buds! Best buds, met at Big Apple Anime Fest in New York City all those years ago. (whispers) They know! What does my Vec-dar tell me? Shit. We guessed wrong? Well, we don't know where this shit is that we're looking for. Passed over. Fuck. Quickly, please, someone come up with an argument that counteracts that. We'll learn something. It's all right. It's just our small group here. No one's watching. You know us. Oh, man. Eight. The final miniature is just Matt. And his name is Larkin. (laughter) I said we're going to have to Shadow of Colossus this shit. Yeah, maybe we crawl up its butthole and kill the things inside. My brain's on Vecna, not on the city. Is Vecna doing a ride-along? Is he still moving in the same direction? (scared bear noises) Do I feel Vecna riding on this guy's shoulder? 27. They're a mile and a half away, and they see us, it looks like. Can we turn into clouds, Keyleth, and fly off of our dragon ride and poof inside the titan? Five? Pike. You could do invisible and I could fly as fast as I fucking can away. Did I get an attack of opportunity on it with daggers? Yeah, that hits. 29. If my friend the dragon is against it, do I get sneak attack? All right. That is 12 for that. Did we get everybody? I'm using my first Luck of the day. Oh, that's worse. That is a nine for me. I throw my dagger at that sound. Were you saying you were going to come to me? There's the 18! That's a 20. That's right. 12 plus psychic damage, honey. 14. I'm kissing you already. Do you want to fly, or should I? We're all right. Everything's fine here. Everything's fine. How are you? This is a save? Wait. This is a dex save, right? I'm blessing Keyleth. Does Uncanny Dodge affect this at all? Okay. Well then, I shoot the wings out immediately. I rolled the same thing, so it's a 24. Reliable talent. I pick it up, grab it. Punch me in the face. Punch me in the face right now! Hey, beautiful. Let's get the fuck out of here! Do a barrel roll. Yeah, as we were landing, the gashes all over Vax's face started to heal up a little bit, but not all the way. Then suddenly they went even further.