It's an interesting tech night. Ash and I are Skyping in from the USCSS Nostromo, which is a Weyland-Yutani vessel and if we fart out it's because we've been eaten by xenomorphs. Sorry. (creepy voice) Samuel. (distorted) And you said that that tower was full of some sort of flame, right? (in speak-and-spell voice) I am richer for having known you. I said (robot noises). You said that that tower had, was full of some sort of flame, right? I'm sure this is unnecessary, but I'm going to start thinking about setting the Death Walker's Ward to fire damage. It's a 20-minute thing. Well, I don't have to, if everyone else wants to start. I put my cold feet in, since I have no shoes. Yes, darling, they are. They're attunable. No. It's exactly what you would do when you almost lose somebody. It's in character. I mean, don't give her a hard time. I'm going to trail sheepishly behind Keyleth. Does it look like anyone has been here for a very long time? Oh, I'm not going to waste Luck on that. That's a one. I have no idea what's going in this fucking place. Yes. Pike, do you think you need to talk to her somehow? Or call to her somehow? Is this like party hopping at Comic Con? I stand confused and watch Kiki leave us. How is it working? What are you guys doing? Well, I think that the existence of a pantheon of gods is a well-established fact in our world, so I believe. I grab Keyleth's hands. I scoop up Keyleth's hands and I say, you trust me, right? Yeah, yeah, you know that good feeling that you have when you hang out with Pike? You know that warm feeling you have. Toasting marshmallows with her around the fire, that kind of feeling? You know that comes from Sarenrae, so focus on that with me. And we'll go to Pike. Focus on Sarenrae and that marshmallow feeling. You know that's partially true, but not all true. Come on, give it a shot. Close our eyes and show reverence to her. I grab Pike by the earlobe. He has eyes on your territory. And obviously hungry for power. Vax is off on his own, by the way, sitting on his ass having a moment, because it wasn't too long ago when he had a thing for Sarenrae, and that was pretty bittersweet so he's staring off into space. You can certainly acknowledge when someone can squash you like a bug. I swat my sister in the forehead. Oh, warm again! (laughter) I was never the goth kid. I mean, you know you want to. This is a once in a lifetime opportunity, Kiki. You don't seem as blissed out as you normally do. Did it go okay? I start to smooth out her mantle, which is wiring up like a cat's. I lean over to Percival and say, this is one of those times when it's best just to keep quiet. Celestials. The third time, yeah. Percy, do you want to flash a little Whitestone bling, at the moment? Everybody? Just you wait! Benny Hill music commences. (muffled) All right, one foot in front of the other. Here we go. "One foot in front of the other. Here we go," I said. And all your children are in danger, and we have begun communing with the gods. I extend slowly the wings and bow my head in deference to him. That's his eye. It's his. And it should be destroyed. Delilah was obviously his pawn and she was using it. Fuck it. Destroy it. Good. It is a good thing. Vecna's a puppeteer. He used that to move Delilah. It's gone. Click your Boots of Haste. I cast Shield of Faith on my own ass. She is every hope I have. When I am gone, she will make the world right. She has the intelligence and the savviness and the heart to make real-world decisions. She is me, but better. She is your champion. Shine bright like a diamond. Not a natural 20. That was the pope, Travis. That was the pope. I said the twins are officially salt and pepper shakers. That's right. Matt, I also have to throw out. We on Skype now get the full Twitch view, so I'm seeing you guys with all your icons, with everything, and it is the weirdest amalgamation of Baldur's Gate and Sega's full-motion video game from 1995 Night Trap starring Different Strokes. I'll give all my cows a hug for you. Four foot three.