We're surrounded with people in white robes. I don't know why. A real job, Dad! Okay, Mrs. Willingham. Oh right, sorry. Anyway, I have checked your charts and you should be in a lot of pain right now. Really? Well, you should get ready for a long labor, this one could take up to 36 hours-- What?! That's medically impossible! You didn't even push! It was like Travis was here! Send your emails. I stand up and scan the area. What is that? That's a six plus something. Nine. Are their weapons here? I am going to sit down and bring Frumpkin out, and pull out my book and begin to do what's needed to cast it again-- Find Familiar-- but I'm going to turn Frumpkin into, uh... a peregrine falcon. They're probably skinny dipping somewhere! I rolled a six, which turned into a nine. I know, I am sorry. I will change you back as fast as I can. I need you to look for the three that you do not see here. The green one, the blue one, and the goth one. Go! Natural 20. Oh shit. There was a-- This way! I come out of it so I don't trip on rocks. There's a struggle this way. And I lead the group back to this. Here is what I am wondering why we are still here. Yasha and Jester and Fjord, they didn't know each other before a month ago. If they were taken, that means they came to our camp and took her, possibly. And even if they did not, it's not like we were hiding. You'd take the three beefiest of a group of strangers? Do you want my not-cat to go look first? I send Frumpkin to do a lazy circle. This is Your Life! Hey, Ashly. Welcome. The Laura Bailey bladder was right here. Where'd it go? Through the wire I whisper-- I put the wire away. (laughter) (shouts) Just make conversation. (shouts) They have great sentimental value! (shouts) No, I'm good! (calling) It's complicated! Frumpkin lands on Nott's shoulder. We are well traveled. Yeah, she's all right. Ah, I like that. My name is Caleb, but you could still call me Bush Man. Well, let's think about it. Yeah. Yeah, I'm scooping up the haversack. When you say powerful, are you talking about ability, or connections, or both? Shit. This is why maybe they took the beefy ones. I'm not very good at it either, and you are an exile. You know, we are, some of us, a self-deprecating lot. We have some skill between the four of us, but it would help a lot to know what kind of people-- not just assholes; we are assholes-- what kind of assholes we are talking about. Are they part of a larger organization, or are they off themselves? It's just them? I prefer Iron Fem Shepard. Do we have an arrangement here? A deal? These three are of great value to us and they are our friends, and we are better off with them, and it is worth the trouble. We cannot accomplish what we've come out here to do in the first place without them. What? You be the leader. But do we have a deal? Yeah, I think we ditch the cart. They've got hours on us, we need to make time. And we can't carry their stuff without. We leave the shield. It's not a magical shield, it's not special. It's run of the mill. Life is more special. Ow, what are you doing? Go faster without a spare horse. DM, you said we could put the shield on the side of a horse? Okay. Well then, we shouldn't do that, we should go as fast as we can right now. We set it free. Or it's free or somebody gets a new horse. Pinch him off. (laughter) Which way are we going? I said you were the leader. I'm not a leader. Does it look like Frumpkin could make it through that window? And what hour is it? In the afternoon. I don't see anything in there. I mean, you want to raid an old house or keep going? You want to cut for the day? She's the local. Well that's what I was asking. You described a window that was jagged glass, ja? But if my smallish falcon went in there, is he going to get cut up? Going to get cut. Are there any books? Books! Nein. (sighs) We're killing time but yes I do. I take the ten minutes to take the book out of the holster, and set it on the ground and while everyone just sits there in the dust, I cast Detect Magic. Ten minutes. Wait. Wait. Yeah. Oh yeah, I hear everything. Okay, what-- Dispel the spell. What are we running from? I keep looking over at you and thinking I'm on the Jerry Lewis telethon. Drei. Oh, wow. The suspense. Can I use my natural 20 now? That time it's a three. Oh, guests first. Yeah. I go rummaging through my pack really quick and I pull out a licorice root and stick it into my mouth and bite onto and I start muttering to myself and I say, "Pick up the pace," and I cast Haste on Beauregard. And then I will move as far as I can towards Nott. Towards Nott, ja. Okay. Advantage on dex saves too. Yes. Get it. Right in the ball sack. Street Fighter combo. Wow. Time travel too far. I feel the wind and then shoot three Magic Missiles out of my hand at the thing. That's a four and also (counting) six-- I've got to change this dice, that is a ten total. Was ist los? I will go crouch by Nott. I didn't make any noise. I just sit down. (singing) Hello my baby! Does it have Jester's shield on it? It's suffering, put it down. She is extremely useful. Among other things, yeah. Scared straight. I have a potion. I start to look to see what Jester's got inside the haversack other than the dodecahedron and our tent. She had a Heroes' Feast in there, I think. Caleb comes up behind. Hold on. Here, there's the dodecahedron. Made by gnomes. I have a dagger. Here, use mine. I shoot out the globules of light to float around the corpse. It's very bright. Super bright. You can do this, and I walk twenty feet back. You're far more dexterous than I. Are you dexterous? Show us. I'd say she earned one, yeah? Short rest, you said? Sorry, was reading my book. I'm sorry, did we get any horses? Just enough to fit us all on, condensed, right. I think we should continue to make time as well. It's gone. As they leave, Caleb scooches Frumpkin on the head and says You know, she always forgets about you, but I do not. Off inside, I think. I will. I will begin it by putting out the silver thread around the group. Individual. Because I can't decide. Better than my 16. How far away? Uh... I would send one of two things. One is our little friend here, or-- Or I... lose the peregrine and go back to something else a little less noticeable. And it's dark out now, yeah? (sighs) I would know if an owl-- Owls can see in the dark? Yeah, okay. Okay. I'm going to change Frumpkin again, out of peregrine into an owl. I will mark that off on my supplies. I've got one more after this that I can do. And uh-- No, I mean I need incense but anyway-- Yeah. I send Frumpkin tree to tree in that direction. Maybe, 20 feet and wait a moment and then another 20 feet. With disadvantage? Okay. Perception, you said? 14. Knees to chest? Okay. She is paying him no mind at the moment? I whisper in fragments what I saw through Frumpkin's eyes the whole time, but I'm still looking and I can't hear anybody. Oh, right, I would be holding onto Molly. This is reminding me of stories that my mother told me when I was very young. Not good ones, things to scare me into following the rules. I come out of it. And a woman, or not. Quickly. Have to think here, because everyone else is sleeping and that didn't look good for that little boy, but then it doesn't really help us with what we are doing, but then the child. What to do? I go back into Frumpkin to see what's going on. I swat at Molly and say Wake the others. I'm not sure, but I think there is a young child that's in danger there. We seemed to care about the bird child, maybe we care about this one. I don't know. We got to act right now. She looked dead. She did not look natural. A short rest? I thought we did, back at the house. I happily went, "I get to use arcane recovery" in my head because of the conversation that was happening. Thank you, Matt. I wanted to go with Nott, about 20 feet behind, and cast Mage Armor as I go. It is a big ten. You did this last time. You're not human! You can't come back! Ooh, that's craziness. Same. I like it. It feels like I am looking at the paper. It's customizable. I haven't customized mine yet. Always. Yes, Keg, we are. (yelling) We were going to camp back there, but instead we are going to camp over there! (yelling) At least! It's just the five Neins. Do you understand what I am saying? Do you speak? Is his ward awake? I bring Frumpkin-- without saying a word, telepathically, I have Frumpkin come down in front of the child, and do a little owl nonsensical shimmy dance on the ground, just for ten seconds, to catch his attention, then have Frumpkin flutter up and land on his head and gently find purchase and sit. I smile. Mollymauk will take that. Only sometimes. Thank you both. Well. Dark business at hand. They all know each other. Do you know a goblin named Furgle Burgle? That is the best you ever did. As we leave, Frumpkin's head does that crazy owl thing that goes 180 and flips around and just looks as-- We are well-rested. Now all of us know-- ooh I went Vax. All of us know, what you already knew, which is-- yes, still hurts-- that these people are terrible. And deserve no mercy. What do you think? Oh, you know. If we can. We're not altruistic by nature, either. But let's be clear, we're going to eliminate the problem. Save our friends. And if we can do something extra, we do something extra. When we can. All right, let's run these bastards down, ja? Or a wizard who can read anything. LIAM and I am. So advantage minus five on both? Okay that's not good; that's a one. Okay, that means I got a seven. At advantage minus five on both the rolls I rolled a nine, and a one. So hey. If we do the one more hour it's constitution checks? I'm sharp. I should always do this. Same. Yes, one more. We push it one more hour. Fast equals a constitution check, right? Natural 20? I don't want to hear it! Eight. Sweet, this is my first. What happens to me? Do I die on the spot? That's my secret, Taliesin. I'm always hangry. Eight hours, and you said the eight hours was--? Yeah, there's a way to do that. We could push it, too. I'm good. Okay. Five minute little fly-ahead? I hold on to my horse and stop hearing everybody. Disadvantage? It's terrible. It's perception, was that what I was doing? Five. It's getting dark out here, and I'm tired. Before I go to sleep, I do the silver thread. (hoot owl call) You played yourself. I'll take this myself. Good. Frumpkin got-- I'm going to use my cat stats, because I don't have owl stats handy. Oh okay, good. SAM AND Eleven. Thirteen. Okay, so, sitting in the silence, are any of these people awake, that I can tell? Look at the lot of you. Look at these people. I should go right now. I don't know you at all. Look at this one. He's like a walking rainbow, what is this? Why are you with him? It makes no sense. He's a circus performer, he's not going to help you. This one you told everything to, to try to get into a library. You learned nothing. On your gamble, you failed. You're stupid. Smart as you are, you're stupid with this. She could cave in everything. This three that have been stolen yeah, they're nice. Two of them. One's weird. One of them tried to kill you. The other one, she's adorable, but-- Stupid. This one here. What do you expect to do with her? How is she going to help you do what you want to do? She can watch your back-- I know. Don't worry, you're fine. She's as much a liability as anything else. You know you're fucking mad when you're gesticulating this much. You should just go. You have told too much. I am going to go. It's time to go. He sits there for a solid five minutes. Then two hours. Wait for everyone to wake up. She can do it on the road. You should do that Arnold monologue from that documentary, (Schwarzenegger voice) "You know "when I am with my-- I am coming. And then when I'm working out I am coming always." Bigger than average-sized man, you mean? Well, we're about to get into it, yeah? I'll tell you what I do is, I dab my thumb into my belt for a bit of sweet oil and I rub it on my bottom lip and mutter an arcane word or two and say I suggest you tell us any details you've been holding back about these people so that we are fully prepared. That is a Suggestion spell. No. It was details that would help us in the situation. You're compelled to say anything that's useful in what we're about to do with these people. Any other details that you've been holding back that would help us in this situation. No magic? The ones with the arcane ability look like? What color is the half-elf's hair? That is a pretty big matzo ball. I take people at their word. Yeah, lay low. I plant my hand on Nott's head and go into Frumpkin's eyesight and send him up there. Advantage, you say? Yeah! Owl rolls, yeah! 20. All but Lorenzo? It's good. It's true, shaved head. The wind, it's good. Sure, this time he does. Sometimes I do, lately. This is our best chance because we don't want them to get to their destination because then they are surrounded by many friends. Yeah. Now is the time. That is wicked. No, wait until they sleep. We're going to follow at a distance and then when they bed down for the night, we leave and then skirt around. I like this. Well done Nott, well done. Of course you can. This is why I say you shouldn't just hand it over. Just save it for the moment. Six. Better constitution than Vax, though. One hour in. 90 minutes. I would recommend-- they will probably be traveling pretty close together and I could slow them down. Magically speaking. If you were to bait them a bit and talk to them. Then if we pick a trigger point I could cast Slow... most of them, some of them would make it through unscathed, but-- What does that have to do with the dawn? We have acid. Dispel Magic? How would that... what? Yes I can, but what does that have to do with the cart? We may have a split second to-- you want to try to get these people out immediately, that's what you're saying? It was two carts, you said? I couldn't tell from the aerial view, which one-- they're all hidden, right? That is a good giveaway, though. The best thing that I could do in that department is Slow, hopefully, all of them down. All of them, if they are closely grouped. If not, I could hold one person. We could, but the way I would do that would be with a giant, earthen cat paw, which would seem out of the ordinary. On a muddy road, probably not very useful. I am not going to destroy three horses in one shot. I thought we talked about horses as well. They come upon a tree and somebody-- They come upon a tree in the road and a woman that they despise now, and that is not suspicious because? I am not demanding anything, but my counter proposal is that I walk 500 yards back along the road, put the silver thread across the road so we know they are coming, spend a few hours hiding ourselves at the tops of these hills, waiting. Nobody is in the road. We wait until they are just below us. I cast Slow on them, and then we murder them. Well, unless we hear a feasible plan for doing that first-- I say we kick them in the goolies as hard as we can from the beginning. Actually, I mean, that is a good idea. Could we spend an-- I'm going to go set my thread across the road. Could you make hiding places for all of us, Nott?I have seen both of you vanish, so if you put in a little bit of time and elbow grease, you can either find places on these two hills that are conducive to us hiding or create those situations with grass or something, I don't know how to do it. I'm going to tell Frumpkin to go in the sky and watch and head up the road a ways to set that alarm. If he were human, Sam. As Caleb comes back from setting the Alarm spell, tell me what you have worked out so far. I set the Alarm spell and I took a wee over that way. That's great. I think that we don't want to gild the lily. That log is good-- --and it makes-- If you come to a road and there's trees along it, your dander goes up. You're on guard. Yeah. I'm in favor of that. You can stick a branch in there-- And Nott's trap making skills for help? I am going to be way ahead, behind these bushes, because what I'm going to contribute I can do from far away and I can be knocked down like that, so. I'm going to have to improvise. If they can all be clumped together for the best, but I'm going to wait and I'm going to call it in the moment, if there's two together and not three, I will go for two. If all three are together, great. Oh, I thought they were coming from the other direction. The horses will slow, the people will slow. And a row of carts, though, not a group. It will make for a train, which will not get them all within what I need. Maybe two of them. They're still on a road, they're still probably going to go, well. The risk of a straight line of them. It is a 40-foot cube. Maybe. It's dicey. It's right on the cusp, probably, for two or three. Two is better than none, slowed down. That's great, but they're still in a line. That's awesome, excuse me, that is fucking wunderbar. That is wunderbar if they were all clumped together, but I'm going to give it a 50/50 chance of them being in a line. That is true. If they're in a train, we wait for cart number two to be in that bottleneck, and then I try to get the first two. The third one's not going to go anywhere. What we're losing is-- the more of these assholes who you used to be a part of are, it's not just the carts, it's them. They can do less to us if I hit them. But you know, it's not perfect. There's no perfect situation. Yeah. Oh, that is a lot of fun. Ja, on the first one. Thank you, Mr. Sheen. Correct. No, it won't ruin my books, it's just. I would only be able to use it this one time, then it's gone. Do you have any paper? Yeah. It would be gone either way. (sighs) No, I mean, I do have a very near-perfect memory. Near-perfect. Yeah. But there's no Slow if there's Invisibility. Oh, but it's a scroll. I'm popping out of my German accent. If I cast a concentration spell and then I use a scroll, does it drop the concentration check on-- I think Slow is more beneficial than Invisibility. When they cross the finish line. I've set a silver thread across the road and if they move through that-- Anyone but us who walks through that line will set it off and I will hear. No, no, no. It's in here. I wanted to do-- No, I wanted to do more than that. Let's say 200 yards. No, I am in favor of Slow over Invisibility. I want to kill them. Sorry. To confirm, step one is tree goes down on cart one, if it's that way, right? Slow happens, you can get a sneak attack in if it's an ambush. And everyone else is going to start whaling. And that was a blonde pixie cut and a half-orc? A bald half-orc? Sure, I can dispel any magical stuff going on in the cages shortly after, or improvise and switch to long range destruction. Ja, the plan will fuck up I'm sure, but we will scrap through, or die. Rather than choose who we're going to attack in the moment, I saw through my owl the half-orc with his hood down is a bald man. I would say let's look for that one first. That's Liam, not Caleb. Everyone else was hooded, so we don't know. I would say then that whichever one reveals them first, either half-orc or woman with a pixie cut, whoever reveals themself first, we'll say that is the one that we all target at the same time. We focus our attention to one and kill them, and they are out of the picture, instead of splitting between two. Ja, but if they don't reveal themselves first-- Correct. That's wise. Probably Mollymauk. Up, up! It's totally whippets. No, every time it's magical and very special. Anytime Caleb does it, he sees all timelines, but in the interest of brevity-- Understood. In advance, you mean? Yes, Vax die, yes! 19. That was my trigger. Slow, and I will target these four assholes right here, I think I can get in one go, probably. 40-foot cube. Roll again. Miss the Percy mega-initiative? 14. Ja, vierzehn. Evil party, evil party. Indeed I am. Molasses goes across my hand and I draw my hand down through the air, and I focus on these four, if I can. It's a 40-foot cube, putting this one in a corner. Up to six in a 40-foot cube. All of them? Well, you know, fuck it. Let's also get this horse. Oh, there's six of them? Oh, wow, yes! Yes, never mind. I didn't think we were getting all of those people. Good. All of the humanoids. Half speed, negative two to armor class, no reactions, and they can either do an action or a bonus action; they can't do both. They can attempt to cast a spell, but-- Your charisma, Sam! Your charisma. Nope. If you attempt to cast a spell with a casting time of one action-- Right. Read the cards, people! Read the cards! Knew where I was? My stealth was that shitty? I'm going to die. It's fine. Vorugal was the frost. Umbrasyl was black acid. Slowed. Oh, he saved. He's casting! Slash the best! We're back to me? I cast Dispel Magic on the cages or I could attack the person about to attack me. That's what I would do. I will use the Glove of Blasting to fire on the person attacking me. The one on the hill. Yeah. Yeah, three of those. First one does not hit, that is a 12. Second is-- Sorry. 17? Oh, it was 16 on the last one! Does that hit? Thank you! The third one definitely misses. That's a two plus eight, that's ten. 4d6. Not that great. Ten damage, fire damage. They have to make a constitution save? Oh, they were casting an attack. Well, I don't know what they were casting. Yeah, they're fine. I will lie down flat on my back. Shield. It doesn't hit. It's Sam's raison d'être. But you said everything's at disadvantage? Get the nerves out. Get the nervousness out. That is huge. I don't know. That's your call. That's why I go far away. No, I don't mind at all. I rolled a 22. Now you're mounted! He's right there. Burned it! Burn that shit! I'm going to hold my turn, and cast a Scorching Ray at the sorcerer the moment they do anything. First, I will get up off of prone, into a crouch. The moment she does anything. That depends on how you want to interpret that. Well, I meant do anything-- I guess do anything to hurt us. Isn't one of them encased in ice? You have destroyed the show. Yeah, bad shit happens. Bad shit happens to mediocre people. Not with what we got.