Wait, there's one more. I have a thing. This is not an announcement. One of the artists in our community, Jason deBit, who's been with us since the very beginning-- old-school Critter, has made great art, he's made art on his son's sandwich bags for years, and he made a lot of Critical Role art, too. He contacted me a couple of weeks ago and said something's coming, be on the lookout for it. He gave me a vague idea of what it was and didn't prepare me for what I'm about to show you guys. It's cabbage. So this is another example of how unbelievable the people in our audience are. So Jason had an idea in 2016 to take a sketchbook and mail it around to other artists in the community. This book and this box, because it's covered in notes, I'll let you guys look later, but this book has been traveling the planet since 2016. Instantly started crying looking at this book. The rules, "When you finish with this book, email Jason, yadda yadda, if you use a medium that bleeds-- "Decorate it, send it on to the next person." It's been traveling. The very first one, I'll find some-- Kat Winslade has done art for ages. I can't. I just can't. Yeah, Mikandii, Ameera, just a couple. Lloyd. I'm not going to do everyone justice, and I'm going to take pictures of this. Every single picture in here. I opened this up for the first time an hour before the show and was openly weeping, like Liam O'Brien is wont to do. Charlotte. There's one more that I want to find that I really like. That one's really good too. I'll take pictures of all of them, but I can't tell you how much this meant to me and obviously to all them seeing it for the first time. Thank you. We have the best audience on planet Earth, bar none. Legitimately, thank you. Really, really, thank you. I'm looking at the wrong camera. Amazing. We'll pass it around. Everyone will see it. The audience will all see it. Thank you. (fake crying) Okay, we'd better start the game! That is a literal description. I defer to the group. No. Okay, let's go. I do not have a cat in this hunt, but whatever you want to do, I will support. We also had no qualms about sending a highly decorated richter to the guillotine, so I don't know why we are getting tied up over a troll. I remember the way. This way. Oh boy. I am right behind whoever's in the lead. Frumpkin is scarfing it on my shoulders. I'm a couple steps behind Fjord, saying "that way" once in a while. That is a 15. I'm sorry, DM, could you say that again because I was busy rubbing it into Travis that Caleb is stronger than Fjord. We want the numbers, though. Feed me! I was leading everyone back to where this troll was. I know exactly the direction of north, and I remember where we were, that is a nine. But I have perfect memory. But it all looks the same. It looks just the way I remembered it though. I would like to be on the absolute side of the semicircle, please. You just touched his tail. You cast Pass without a Trace on all of us. Plus ten. SAM and I thought that-- I will hold Fire Bolt. I pull out the wire and say, "What are you doing? Throw it in!" Oh. I could light it from here if you just toss it down and dive. It's hard to control. "If I could get a pair of scissors, please?" Ooh, that's some stale dynamite. Yes! Natural 20! I like that the blast didn't knock him down. He was just so scared to death. He went, "Ah!" 21. 21. A Firebolt goes from my hand. That is a natural 20. With my Vax die, we will use this one. That is a three-- 11. Doubled is 22. I didn't actually even want to come here. Ah! No. I'll stay where I am. Get up there and grapple him, and I'll send projectiles. It's pretty high, I reckon. Nope, that is a seven. Yeah, okay, so I'm going to keep it simple. I will move as close as I can, probably getting close to Mollymauk. Ja. I will hit him with some Magic M-- No. Is he within splashing range of you all? Did you just get hit? I'll hit him with Magic Missile. The basic level. Three, four, eight. 11 total. Oh, this thing is way closer than I was prepared for. I take a little bit of molasses and rub it on my hands and say slow down. You boys have got this? Good. And I start to back away, casting Slow as I go. I will loop around by our cleric. He has to beat a wisdom save against 16. He can do an attack or a bonus, but not both. It was a cube, but Caleb, knowing that, would put the troll in the corner and send the rest of it in that direction. Can't use reactions. Ja. Fjord Madeline Kahns back to life. (laughter) Just like Blink. Can it do that if it's Slowed? But it doesn't anymore. Oh, is it? Oh goodness, this is-- DM, in everything that I've seen, when fire has been used on this creature, did it splurt? It seemed to splurt when I used fire. I know, but Fjord is right under it. So Caleb shouts out, should I burn this thing now? All right, I'll hold on a moment. (funny voice) Ah, sorry buddy. I just yell, should I burn it? And Jester yelled, "Wait." I'm going to hold the Glove of Blasting. I'm going to burn it the moment Fjord is in the clear. Scorching Ray. Yeah. First is a 20, second is an 18, and the third is a 20. They all hit. I did. A total of 27. There is-- I am with these people! And I am going to burn his head off. (high-pitched) Oh shit. Oh shit. Fünf. Ja. Shook it off. Good. Good. But Fjord is still here, so there is the important thing. Let's focus on the good things in our lives. What is this word, "bougie?" Is that in Common? Is that a Common word? The Zemnian word for that is like seven syllables long. That is a big question mark at the moment. Perhaps wait until you receive word from him. Well, he has a better eye on the situation than we do. He's right in the thick of it now. Is there anything of use or value here? At all? You two just became that Muppet meme that was made. Vex is back. There is a halfling wrapped in parchment paper underneath the shop. Are you interested in him? No, we are on a bit of a time crunch. I walk directly up to the bar. Yeah, I'm good on drinks. I was just curious what it is that you're reading. For a question? Okay. Just a nine. Is it fiction? I am so starved for a good book. We've been in the wild for a while. I don't suppose there's-- I doubt it, but is there any place to find literature here? That sounds terrible. How long does it take for it to get here? I commiserate for your thirst for fiction. I struggle with it myself. How far in are you? Are you almost finished with it? Is it a page turner? Okay, I'm obviously just a little bit jealous, but I don't want to take you away from your reading time. Nine. No, that's fine, enjoy. I give her a wink and I go back to the table. We plan a heist for tonight. We wait until she's asleep. It's about Vax. (laughter) No, I want to go for a walk on the edge of town for something. Yeah, of course. Yeah, of course! No, we are not going to get in trouble. Nein! Nein. Be good. Just going on a stroll, ja? We're not going to kill anything, you're not going to, you know. Just taking a walk. You are pretty cute. Come on. This is so silly. I'm looking for a good stone. No. Something with a little bit of heft to it. Not exactly. I don't really have anything specific. I guess I'll know it when I see it. Something about yea big. You know, my father used to tell me that if a stone had a ring around it all the way, it was lucky. Yeah, like a natural formation, a coloration, right? It doesn't matter, though. I start looking for a stone. A good one. I will make the check with your help, if that's okay. Okay. That is a 13. Oh. That is a 14. A stone about as large as a malformed baseball, I suppose. Is there a ring around it? That's a lucky rock. I'm not sure, exactly. I have some ideas. Cali. I mean, does an armored bear shit in the woods? Oh yeah, I want to see it! Let me see it. Ooh, that's a good one. Ja. I mean, I could use it right now, but that seems detrimental. If I had proper funding and materials, but maybe later. I'm going to keep it safe, for the moment. Neither did I, but we're figuring it out. Ja, that was fine. She's probably a good egg. Yeah, she's a prickly pear, but she's not a bad person. I think you and I are a little "Eh," in our own particular way. I mean, she's abrasive, but that has its uses. Right tool for the right job. Right Kiri? Kiri knows what I'm talking about. You're good? You're still good? Things are looking up, I think. That's a good name. Names are important. Got my rock. Kiri, come on. The gimp we were joking about under the floor of that place. Shittycreek. That place is very busy. Yeah, but there's a war brewing, and that place is the center of it all. I thought we were on a timetable to get these things done for the Gentleman. Ain't no party like a Hupperdook party. So you're asking if we would like to pool our resources for a handful of these diamonds for a perilous situation? I would rather you, as an accomplished healer, knew where the diamonds were on your person and got them lickety-split rather than you looking through my 32 pockets to find the diamonds. But yeah, I agree with you that we should pool our resources, that is a good idea. This is a little diamond I use for that one thing I do. No, this one I spin it and surround it with arcane energy, and no, it does not go away. It's a very studied practice; I spent years learning how to do it. Could you let her keep the diamonds? Traveler take the wheel. MARISHA and Just a minor thing. While we're traveling, I'm going to use my minor alchemy to turn a ring of the wood in the cart-- I'm sitting criss-cross applesauce-- and I make a ring of copper in the bottom of the wagon and place this stone in it. I place both hands on the side of the stone and I'm trying to channel my knowledge and ability into it. I'm futzing with it, that's it. I slap her hand. I will also do it. I will do it individually. Ooh, I got a five. Wait a second. I send Frumpkin skittering off in that direction. As he's leaving, I say, "Rub against some ankles. And listen." Any books? Any books, 13? To justify all of this, he's been muttering everything he sees. Bones, bone necklaces, pineapples. Frumpkin comes around a corner and Caleb sees that the entire party has left him in the cart, snaps out of it and scrabbles out, and starts hustling over that way. Oh, you did it again! That's not Percy. He's got his head shoved up the ass of a clock right now, leave him be. Yeah, what is Fjord doing right now? I see that. You look bored out of your mind. Same, same. Me either. So far, so good, though, right? I mean the lot of it. We've been together for weeks, now. There's been some friction, but we're still here. Oh, hell, that was nothing to when you held a blade to my throat. But we're making it work. You're a good guy, I think. What does he look like when I say that? No, I know what your face looks like. What does it mean? Double rainbow, what does it mean? Okay. I am from the north. We have Brot, tomatoes, and cheese and that's it. What? Well, you teach me. Good talk. Okay, show me what you're talking about. That's a dirty picture! No, that's a dirty picture. Burlap, it's all burlap. What do the faces of the people who aren't talking look like? 17. And Caleb will tell the group. Caleb is futzing again with the rock and just sort of massaging the four days of stubble that he has grown back, and his facial hair comes in as fast as Liam's does so it's already pretty thick. Except for your eyes. Your eyes are like blue crayons. Ooh. We're off the rails. We're off the rails. You're so cool, how do you fucking eat gravel so hard? Oh, man. 13. There's something deadly out there that wants to murder us all in our sleep. Yeah, it could be. Do you want to wake everybody up, or-- Well, I can't see shit! Okay, well, hold on a second. Just wear my cat as a scarf. And she digs-- dammit, my cat was a girl, but-- never mind. He digs his claws into Nott's neck and hangs in. And Caleb sits between Fjord and Beau and loses his sight and vision and listens. Fuck a duck! (laughter) It's a 30-foot radius! Do I get to make a perception check through Frumpkin's ears? Yass! It's a two! (laughter) No, we just saw a hump, right? I pull out a wire and say, You're onto this, right? This is a possible ambush, ja? Tell your man to check the cart. Probably but give it a moment. Tell him to do the Running Man. Ja I can relate, but just do it. No, no, no, switch to the Cabbage Patch! And I start punching Fjord and Beau in the shoulders. Shh! Quiet! Be quiet! I start quietly handing over everybody's mouth, "Wake up, there's an ambush!" I'm scared of Yasha but I do it anyway. "Wake up, there's an ambush!" Caleb will, at this point, once everyone is awake-- Yasha was the last one-- go back in to see what is going on. Oh, shit. (stammering) Nott's being attacked. Let's go! And I jump out of the cart. I am doing my best Vax impression and making my way through the grass. Still stealthing. I'm trying! 14. And Caleb heard Fjord say that and just went (fwoof) and there's four globes floating above us. They're really spread out? How spread out? Roughly how far apart are those two? Okay, I'm going to hold Slow for one side of the group if I decide they're a threat, if they sound like a threat. Yeah, that's fine. Caleb lets Slow fizzle. Also leave one gift for us before you go. Because you're living. Ja, we have a cart. We're good. Is there anything in the cart that is more interesting? Back away from that cart, please. I am not taking their clothes, but I am interested to see what they are carrying. Are you bullshitting us? Are you bullshitting me now? I'm looking in his cart. That's a 15. How's this working out for you? Are you better or worse than when you started? Yeah, head to the cities. Work on a dock. Learn from your mistakes. What the fuck are you doing? Three strikes and you're out. This is two. That's fine. The next time, we are going to turn you into grease puddles, so maybe find yourselves a job in a store, or a dock, or a restaurant, even. At least be good at it if you're going to do that. I walk up to this guy, and I take the stone out of my pocket and I place it against his forehead, and I mutter a few words under my breath. And now I know where you are at all times, and I will know if you are still doing this kind of work, and I will come and I will kill you. Natural 20. Oh my god! No, he's a warlock. No, they're going to leave him. We've got one more of your-- This one, take him! Judging by the map, how far are we from any town? Oh, this guy's going to die. How far away are his friends? I'm going to pull my wire out, and Message the one who I intimidated and say you left one behind, he's here. It's 120 feet, I think. I'm going to check it out. It's 5,000 feet. I just talked into a wire, you don't know. It's fine. The good news is, we're in the middle of the wilderness and no one is going to find him. I have a dagger, and I'm going to shove it in his belt so he's not totally alone. He's pantsless, but with a dagger, correct? Oh, I didn't see that. I take my dagger back. He's fine, he's got a blade. This is so dumb. What color is it? It is Oregon Trail. Let's count the grains. On a scale of one to ten, one being like a shit-ass swamp town and ten being like Rexxentrum, what does the civilization of this city look like? But not podunk? It's builded? Illiteracy. He did it. Not much better. Especially at night. During all of that yammering on the way up, I look over at Yasha and sigh out. That's it. (whispering) I am crazy. Do we, as a much taller United Colors of Benetton pack, draw a lot of attention as we walk through? Rissa, you mentioned culture. Are there any libraries here in Hupperdook? The walk-ups are tough. What do you do now? Well, we are a traveling group of hired guns who can get shit done. We are a varied group of people. Some of us learn and some of us are good at smashing skulls. We would do any kind of work if it were presented to us. That's who we are. We're a motley group of assholes. I was trying to defuse-- Steampunk Burning Man!