Still alive, mom. Wait, what what what? I know, it's so exciting. It's so good, it's so pretty, it sounds so good, it plays so good. I played today and I just got my first dose of kaiju-god Taliesin, not regular-god Taliesin, kaiju-god Taliesin. It's good. You face planted on the couch. It's funny, you go and try to pet her dice they shrink back, they shy away. (squeaking) Just wear him down. 20. I see this giant behemoth and I start backing up to go west around the stone, under my breath singing We are the Mighty Nein, the Mighty Nein, the Mighty Nein. And fire off a Fire Bolt as I sneak behind it. No, that is no good. That is a 13. That is a one. Ja. I am leaning, crouching against that stone, hands on the wall, just listening and working on keeping my gourd from rising. I'm behind the stone pressed to the back of it though, presently, correct? It is at 14 at the moment. Well bring it on, here we go. What did it do, it did to 19? I can do a reaction, can't I? I cast Shield. What did he roll? TRAVIS and Still hits. Because that only gets me up to 19. Okay, good. That really hurt, Charlie! I was considering going out there, but I'm not going to do it. I'm going to bend around the side and fire off another Fire Bolt at it. At Charlie. That is a 12 to hit. Yeah, I'm going to use my movement to back up behind that column. Ja. Ja. (farcical Czech accent) Two wild and crazy clerics. What's your max? It's a quick thing. Tal. Full HP. Yeah, you'll get advantage. You have to intimidate his dick. This is a long shot, but I have no way of damaging him. I'm going to pull out some sand out of my pocket and mutter a few arcane words and trail it in front of me and cast Sleep back behind him here so it does not touch Beauregard. Ja. Ja, I know. This is probably not going to work, but I can't hurt him. Fuck. Good, better. 23. We're going round by round? Don't touch the giant. Yeah, I will start moving towards Molly and Yasha as far as I can get. I call out, medium volume, not to the crowd but to my friends That wasn't even supposed to work. Yeah, don't touch him. Until we touch it, so we need to get in a Goodfellas circle around it to decide who's going to beat the shit out of him, and don't touch it before that moment. Caleb says. Yeah. I'm going to move back by where Fjord is right now, behind that column. Stand me by Fjord, to the north. Yeah. I'll form the head. Whoever hits big hit first. Whoever can do the most damage with one attack should go first. You gave him the die. I pull my hood further down over my face. What happens now? Do we just go home after this or is there some sort of soirée afterwards? Who is invited to the party? Are they totally visible to us? What are their physical appearance? The people that are with Dolan, what do they look like? Caleb. They were the two that were just pointed out to all of us. Through the gates. I think for a day or two, everyone here is going to be very preoccupied in the city. If there is anything you are thinking of doing, it would be a good time to do it. What I am suggesting is a compromise. Not leaving immediately, but soon. DM, can you remind me what time of day it is? On past days, has Pumat's place been open this late? I am already hanging out by the door to this place. I left 30 seconds ago. Is it really crowded in here? Are there a lot of people? I am going to send Frumpkin dancing around people's feet to follow Yasha and Beau, and take a seat in a chair on the side of the room as close to the door as possible. Hass or Ikithon? I'm taking all this in first person. That's all I can take. I get out of it. I lean forward and look at the ground. Maybe where you are from and how short a time you have been here. Yes, you did. Yeah, but you also dropped a horse apple in front of them as well. She mentioned a little insight on the pending war when no one knows about the pending war. During this whole talking, I look in and see where my cat is. Okay. I tell him to wait there for me. How quickly are you thinking? How about 24 hours from now? Yeah. One more day. Just to get supplies and get ready for the road again. I think what my friend is talking about is can you recommend any good ways to get into trouble? What you will. Fjord's work. Are we talking about rolling at the Pillow Trove this evening? Is that what I am picking up on? Seven, eight, nine? Wait, we're getting turnt up before we go to Pumat's? Do you think Pumat is going to be open at two in the morning? We don't. Yes. TALIESIN and Very obviously holding and petting my cat and looking at all three of them as we walk by. Guten abend. Abend. Yeah, that's-- Excuse me, apologies. I pull Beau backward by the arm. And-- no. Long enough until we fall back a bit, and wait to see that the group is not paying attention. Can you get me into that library tomorrow? Okay. Okay, but the library is a thing that we can do before we leave this city? I am just hoping to look at books. Is that all right? Good. Great. No, I mean, spells you can find, you know, digging in 1000 year old laboratories. I want to learn. I want what is not readily available to all. I don't know if that is something that I would be allowed to look at. What kind of clearance do you have? History? Okay, this is good. Oh, that's two times I've tried to bail out of this conversation. Uh. Well. Are you going to set the books on fire? I'm going to read them. Is there anyone around? But the handle gets-- I do the same thing with this cup. I grab it by this the whole time. How do you do it, Sam? Can I ask an out-of-character question? As a citizen of the Empire, how much does Caleb already know about the Cobalt folk? Right, you're a librarian. Their political affiliation? What? Oh, that's fine. I leave the room and actually run downstairs and ask the front desk if they have another room. How much is that? Excellent. Ja. Here you go. I rolled a one. Are we done taking donations? You know, for 826? That's all done now, right? So now they're just straight-up bad. About when this is happening, I pull the wire out of my coat and hold it into my palmed hands and Message to Nott. Nott, will you find an excuse to bring Beauregard and yourself to my room you saw me go into? If I eventually catch it, I give Nott the room number. Come in. Potentially. You know, we're leaving soon, and Beauregard has an in at one of the bigger libraries in the city and I want to go there before we leave. Yes, but Beauregard has given me a condition. She had some questions for me, and I would like to answer them, but I don't feel right telling her and not telling you, so I would love for you to stay here for a few minutes. Beauregard, may I ask you a question to start? How do you feel about the Empire? Are you in favor of how things are going here? Are you comfortable with business as usual? Do you approve of how the Empire is going? Is she lying to me about being not invested? Do I have to shout, "Insight check," or-- Oh. Not super invested about how the empire is going? I would like to get if my reading on if that is genuine or not. Yeah? Okay, so, Liam asking a question, and this is your choice. It's just an idea that popped in my head. Could I request that everybody but Sam and Marisha leave the table? Yeah. Well, I really want to go to the library tomorrow. This may be a very stupid decision of mine. Would you be willing to leave with me tomorrow if I asked you to? Just the two of us? I am going to tell you the story of how I murdered my mother and father. When I was younger, I grew up in a small township outside of Rexxentrum called Blumenthal. My mother's name was Una. My father's name was Leofric. Everyone was very excited about me when I was young. I was bright and confident. People used to say that I glided through life and everything just worked for me. As I got older, it became clear that I had a knack for the arcane. Everyone talked about this Soltryce Academy, maybe I would go there someday. The way they do things at that Academy, they don't take all comers, they look for the diamond in the rough and every couple of years they find one. But when I was a young man, adolescent, really, they found three of us. Another boy and a girl, and-- Ja, from Blumenthal. And we were accepted. I was young. Yeah. Anyway, we went there. I studied for a year. I worked so hard. It came easier to me than the other two, but they were also very accomplished. There were other students from other parts of the Empire there, and a little over a year of learning all they had to impart, I met a man named Trent Ikithon. He became our teacher. Earlier when, earlier tonight? Earlier a week ago? What do you mean? After a year of studying in the main school, Trent handpicked all three of us again, and we left the school proper and went with him to a home out in the countryside where he trained us. It was a good time. We believed in the Empire, we were going to keep it strong. He was cruel. He hurt us a lot. Made us go through extreme circumstances, but we got strong. I also fell in love, but that's another story. Yeah. We rose through the ranks and it was the Empire over all, and eventually, he wanted to test our allegiance, so strangers were brought in-- traitors. Disgusting people, traitors to this empire, and we killed them. Mm-hmm. We wanted to be. Yeah. A few months of studying, of a little bit of torture, a little bit of murdering dissidents and traitors and deviants. No. We were ready to graduate, and the last test of our allegiance was-- I'm getting ahead of myself. I went on a trip home and visited my parents and when I was there, in the middle of the night, I awoke and overhead them talking, and went to the stair and listened to them talk about revolution and tearing the Empire down, and I felt disgraced and shame for my family. My mother and my father, who were so wonderful to me when I was a child, and were so happy for me to go to the Academy and believe in the Empire so much. I went back to the school and when the three of us were summoned and told what was expected of us, I knew what had to be done. We went to this other boy's home first, Eodwulf, and we stood by as he killed his parents. We went to Astrid's house, and had dinner with them, and she poisoned them. Then we went to my home and we grabbed a horse cart, and in the middle of the night, placed it against the door to the home and I set it on fire. Well, yeah, but it didn't exactly go according to that plan because as soon as I heard my mother and father screaming inside... I was so sure. I was so sure... until I wasn't, and I broke a bit. No, I went to an asylum for a number of years. I broke. I don't remember so well what happened to me there. It was quite a number of years. Years later, a woman was there, and she, another patient, put hands on me, and she took the clouds away. She took it all away, and not just my madness, but the fake memories that Ikithon put in my head of my parents. Wanting to betr-- yes. Yes, but it doesn't matter, because I still wanted to do it when I did it. So what? So what?! Doesn't matter, I should have-- I'm a disgusting person. It doesn't matter. Anyway, all that gone, just like that. I ran. Not right away; I pretended like nothing had changed for several weeks. She was stark raving mad 15 minutes later herself, the woman who helped me. I killed one of Trent's people there, and took this. I pull out the necklace. This has been keeping me hidden for years. For five years. They can find who they want, but not with this. They cannot find me. I would really like to get into that library, because I would-- Hmm? No, I like you all. Well, that all depends on you, Beauregard. If you can keep a secret. Anyway. Which is? Well, that's precisely why I want into this library. Among other things. Anybody can make lights. Anybody could send a message through a wire. I want to bend reality to my will. Yeah, well, I told you why I am afraid of fire. So you are going to bring me to that library. Both of those are appealing to me. Okay, good. I think Nott and I are going to retire now. Maybe you can go get that food for the others. Yeah. But you don't have to leave the table. I'm not asking you to leave the table. (laughs slightly hysterically) Goodnight, Beauregard. (door slamming) Are you and I good? I have an idea that can make that happen. Yes. It will take a lot of hard work. And a lot of books. I pull out the silver thread and I start putting it around the room, and go over some notes. I have some ideas already, some ideas I had, and I will stay up another hour or two before going to bed. We're still pre-sleepy time? No, I want to go to the bathroom. Thanks, Dad! Yeah. We have to take a trip to Pumat's for supplies and then-- Pumat, library. We'll do library first. Then we'll pull Matt. (silly voice) Hey, you got your chocolate in my peanut butter! It's a party, girl. Did we hear that, though? The library. That would be helpful. I'm going to do the same thing that I did the other day. I am going to cast Disguise Self and make the gigantic glasses and change my cloak to a similar shade of blue. They would let you bring a mother and her baby into the library? Normally when we do Mother's Love, Nott stabs people. Hey, this city's under lockdown, can we go into the library? Me? I am interested in the history of the greatest arcanists of all time. Ja. Caleb Widogast. I am looking for histories, accounts of people who pushed the boundaries of what can be done over the ages. The firsts. I am interested in more than what is typical, at least as much as can be known. Do you follow me? Ja, that is true, I am a magic fan. What about the unexplained? Questions. There is a certain amount of knowledge in the schools of this empire, and then there are questions. Theorizing, philosophy of the arcane. Excellent, I shall go there next. Yes. I start reading. I will start with the first, the oldest. This one, I am absorbing it. I will read it cover to cover. I'm a speed reader, and an average novel takes an hour to an hour and a half for a speed reader to read. I'm holding three tomes, correct? If I take a moment to skim, ten minutes through each one, and get the barest idea of what I would find inside each. No, I'm trying to figure out if I were to look at a couple of pages at once from three different books-- I want the furthest extent of transmutation and changing reality. This was in one of these tomes? Then I will focus on that, because I'm interested in that. You know my main interests. Do I find anything of that in here? I spend all my time with that book. Can you give me two more hours? What about 30 more minutes? I skim the book on the Cerberus Assembly. I could say I'm muttering it under my breath. Similar name. Okay, I will say that I got my fill. I can feel this one's radiating-- I want to stay for 17 more hours, but I'm ready to go. I am good. I am done. Thank you. Thank you. Caleb looks at the thousands of books that he did not read and leaves. Let's go find the others. Do you have any of that paper that I have been purchasing so much of? Could I purchase, say, 200 gold worth of it? Beauregard does not either. I defer to the group. I think we work well together and whatever you think's best. What about your interests in the Hall of Erudition here and the Academy? Yeah. You know coasting is not a bad idea either. There is not as massive a gain, but there is not as high a risk for whatever this 10,000 gold target is. Play it safe. Ointments. Which spelling are you using for that word? A-W-K? O-C-K? You just made it three times as complicated in seven seconds. I rolled a four. Four, plus I've a constitution modifier. What's everybody's hit points at, what are the new totals? The best thing ever. Where we're leaving off, are we going to come back? Because it's the end of the day, are we going to come back at the end of the day or are we going to come back next morning? They're engrossed in leveling up. This is the joy of Dungeons & Dragons.