11. Yeah, you go first. Okay, so I will go-- I will destroy the initiative ranking! I will send my globules of light into the darkness to see if it has any effect. And then I'm going to back up-- No, let’s say two of them. At the same time I will back up my full movement while Frumpkin runs into the edge of that darkness. Frumpkin will run forward out of the darkness. Towards the action. Yeah, and poke his head out, actually, closer to-- He'll come out between Molly's legs. Peek right out there. I'm sitting down in the muck in the sewer and I'm now watching and listening to use Comprehend Languages through Frumpkin. I like that an eight-year-old boy delivered those points. Barnacle blow. You just did that like the glitter guy. Blood Maledict. This language spell runs out in an hour, let's speed this up. Between the couch cushions? Do they say "In Xhorhas We Trust" on them? Oh, let me take a look at it. What? Does anybody have a torch or anything? No. Okay, I need ten minutes. Ten minutes with this thing. I'm going to, as a ritual spell, cast Identify. On the dodecahedron. (whispering) But it's next level shit. Oh. Yeah, I throw a dirty rag over it. It is extremely powerful, whatever it is. No. What do we want our next step to be? (sighs) I was going to say, let's wake up the elf. Well I don't remember it, but Caleb does because he has photographic memory. So Matt has to tell me-- (laughter) There is always some truth to porn. Caleb says. Jester, my idea is, you know, most people are not like that crownsguard bastard. Most people like cats, so maybe if Frumpkin woke him up, you know, with a couple of licks, he would wake up in a better-- That's also true. It's all yours. Comprehend Languages. I understand everything. He thinks we're with the empire. Do we have any of that Crownsguard armor? Didn't we collect some? Jester, give me one of the Crownsguard helmets from your backpack. I take this helmet. I set it on the ground in front of the elf, and then I start to piss on it. Frumpkin comes over and also pisses on it. I shake it and put it away. Can you, yeah? I cast a spell so I could try to understand your tongue. It's under a dirty rag. What is your intention for the people in this empire, this kingdom? No, your people's intention, for all those who live here. Yeah, you know that deep-dish pizza there. What will you do if we say no? We leave him only if we leave the beacon with the Gentleman, but if we leave him on his own-- I think that this thing is a great responsibility. I think we should kill him. Seems dangerous to me. It does. If we leave this gentleman here and take the beacon, it becomes his life's work to find us. So we either leave him and it, or we take it and kill him. I don't-- why are you-- I don't. It’s on the ground under the dirty rag, ja. I'm going to take a few steps back. These two individuals were responsible for blowing a hole in that tower, yes? I'm not contradicting what you're saying, I'm sorry. When you say, "What use do we have for "it?" It's a dangerous thing. What do they do there? I don't know much about the Cobalt Soul. What can you tell me? Question. When he said Thuron, did I hear Thuron, or did I hear some other word, like eagle, or swift, or something? So I didn't hear Bob, right? Did it have a-- Same question. Context of the name. Anything? No, we're in the Dwendalian Empire. That's close to a death sentence. How about we give him some crownsguard armor? I suggest, leave it for him. I defer to the group. Say what? I am able to tell a great many things about a great many things, and that is beyond me. I do not. We're taking his shit. He left all his shit-- his armor he's wearing, but all his other shit was left around? We scooped it up? Where he went? Well, whatever it is, the empire just got it back. Also, as a sidebar, if we want the other half of our earlier plan to work, we need to get to Dolan, we need the crownsguard inside Sutan's house as quickly as possible. That could have easily been a blank piece of paper. It wasn't. I looked at it plenty. Sure. All the question marks. I memorized all the question marks. No, that was too mysterious. All right, come on, we're going back up? We're either fighting crownsguard or getting out of here. It's a long story, go. One, two, three? Don't know who you're point-- oh, everybody? We took cover in the sewers. Has the danger passed? 15. 15. That is correct, right? We have not been paid. I send Frumpkin scurrying between people's legs into the crowd, put my hand on Beau's shoulder and go blind. Do Frumpkin and I see the doohickus? The dodecahedron? I’m going to cast Disguise Self as a crownsguard and just follow. Just see what's happening. Don't drop it! Don't drop it! As a crownsguard. I was walking alongside. I start doing that thing where I was taking steps, but not walking with them. And then I started walking backwards. (laughter) I thought it was, like, black and glowing. It’s white and glowing? Pretty good for me. Pretty good for me. That's 14. Yeah. Dressed as a crownguard. One in my hand, and one on the ground. But I've got it like this. Oh, I just want to get it away from the crowd. This thing seems dangerous to me. Let's just-- a little further back, like another ten feet. I don't know if this is going to blow. It's better that it's just you and me. So what's around? Yeah, good, so I cast Friends on this crownsguard. No. It's not concentration. It is-- Yeah, advantage to charisma rolls. If he’s not under attack or thinks he’s threatened. Advantage on charisma checks at one creature of your choice that isn't hostile towards you. So listen. Don't die for this. I will take this. Just walk ahead. This thing blew a hole in the side of that tower. Okay. 15. The first was a one. We've seen balls of fire take out half a city block. I turn into an alley. Wait, are there other guards around me? I'm sorry. Does that give me advantage? Stealth? It is a nine. Are there any doors or anything in here? I'll take the left. And just keep going. Ordinarily, I would say yes, and I might want to put something else in there. But for the time being, I don't understand this thing enough. Let's table that for now. I'm worried what will happen if this specifically goes into that bag. Because that is an extra-dimensional pocket. And I don't know what this is, and I am worried that it could potentially create-- Sure, let's go with that. But maybe if we could procure a lead box to put this inside of, that will shield it from any possible searching that could happen for it. A large, lead box, yeah. We need to find Dolan fast. We need to, I'm serious, find a lead box to put this thing in, because someone's going to want this very badly. I wish I could be a fly on the wall when those wizards hear this story from the crownsguard, just like-- (disinterested voice) "Yes, very good. Take a lollipop from the bowl and get out." (laughter) You think the basement with a dead person is safe? What is a super long time? Like ten years? What is that? That's a conversation for another day. Let's go. Just a shitty hardware store, man. Okay, well, I'm going to take my cloak off and cover it. I’ve changed my mind, I think it can wait until morning, but for sure-- Well, if she has one, good, but it's a lot of disarray. Well, then let's go break into a store and get a lead box. Not that particular material. Because lead shields things from magical-- from divination magic. But I would know that when I saw it. I know alchemy, I know all sorts of materials. For now. Good. That's it. That is a great idea. The big bad of campaign two. I will say that on the walk, I would instantly Identify the stone. Identify. From Sutan's house. Once-a-day walkie-talkie. Yes, I am. I go take a look at this skeleton. I would like to try to ascertain how long this fucker has been here. Yeah. Not great at all, like all my skill rolls. Seven. Here's the thing. We can hide this here. It's a calculated risk, which I am fan of, generally. But my thread, my magic would let me know if someone-- no, never mind. No. I can put a magical lock on the door to this basement as well. As well as an alarm. Well, the thread will allow me me to know if someone I didn't want to be in here came in here. (distant clattering) But, you know, I think you and I should sleep down here tonight, actually. Yes. (laughter) I worry-- well, I'll tell you my concerns and that is that this thing is beyond comprehension, even. And the desire to get it back is going to be great. This-- and I pull out the Sending Stone-- is just a stone that I stole from Sutan's house. This I'm not worried about. Would you put this in your backpack, please? Oh, you’re not with us? I'll have to ask Jester to put this in her backpack. But this thing was worth blowing up a tower for. You cannot spy on a thing, as far as I know. You can spy on a place. You can spy on a person. This is why I want the lead box. All right. Okay. Well, let’s hide it. Ja. From normal people. I put the same shitty rag on it that was on it before. Two plus three. That’s five. Molly and Caleb put the skull on top of it together. Did you say there were crates down here too? Okay. I really think we should stay down here with it. Why don’t you and I stay down here for the night? You have anything you want me to identify, leave it, I can do that. You know what I have, I’m not leaving. I will stay with this thing. You go up. When they come back, you come back down. My gut tells me to stay close to this thing. I’m glad. The entrance to this is in the back of the building, right? Well, Nott, you go up. You can just Message me. Yeah, and you come down here. When they leave, I’m going to take the big item and put it on my person. I’m going to hold it, actually. I am not, like, looking into the abyss. I just don’t understand it and I’m just holding it there. Okay. Jester had all the shit, right? Cue the horror strings. (violin screeching) Jester's face pushes through the door! Give her advantage. Oh my god. Can I come in now? How about now? It was like a Pokémon, though. Hanging out with my new friend. Everybody is dead down here. Make believe is tricky, guys. Just a quick aside, while all of this is going on. I place the thing in my lap and I pick up the skull. Oh, so many secrets, huh, Yorick? (gravelly) "Maybe you should tear it off your chest." I don't think that's a good idea. "It's driving you crazy." Maybe not yet. "It's probably a good idea." You're funny. We're going to drag this out as long as possible. Tell them I'm not going to run off with it. What about in the game? Oh, that was so brief. That was like five minutes ago. How's it going up there? It's a scroll case, right? Does anybody know you took this? I set it on the ground. I pull Nott closer to me, and I give Nott a kiss on the forehead. Thank you. Yeah. You are too kind to me. Well, you know, I think maybe you have guessed it before now, but I care a great deal for you, and that is no small gift. Thank you. Another day. You know, a little bit of me is worried that this scroll case will explode, so I think we should check that out first. Yeah, okay. I can get this done in about an hour, I think. First, Nott, will you take the scroll case and put it on the other side of the room? Yeah. I'm tapped, so this is all ritual spells now. So I will use a ritual spell to Identify the scroll case. How big is this room down here? Okay. This is going to be funny. I take another ten minutes to summon Schmidt. Come with me outside, okay? Okay. Schmidt, go open the scroll case. Come on! I shut the door. That is what I was afraid of. So, at this point, back up a little bit, and I open the door and back up to see what I see. I back away from it. So not a ball of fiery death. Okay, so it's cleared away, Schmidt's gone, I assume. Well, if it wasn't damage-dealing, he's still there. He has two. One or two. One hit point. Okay, so it's clear. Next ritual spell that I will cast, I will gather the other items, except for the dodecahedron. Well, we're about to find out. The dodecahedron is in my satchel at this point. I push all the other items towards the case and whatever is there, and I use ritual magic to cast Detect Magic everywhere. I just cast it. I rearrange my satchel so it's back by my butt, so I don't have to look right at it. Okay, we have a little bit of work to do. I pick up the scrolls and examine them. (gasps) Come here, come here! I pick her up and I hug her. This will be good for the group, this will be good for you and me, this is good. It's something that I was not able to do. I've been trying to figure it out for months and I have not been able to figure it out and now I have it. Okay, let's look at these things for everybody else. Okay. Ho, ho, ho, let's Identify all this shit! I spend the next 40 or so minutes-- Ah. Yeah. Beau might like these. These are good. Yeah, these are good. Okay, so. All right, we'll put these away. This is a very good blade. This might be a good blade for you. Why don't you hold on to it? You hold onto that. Oh. Let me see. I thought that was the daggers. So the daggers are not magic? Not magic. No, this is bigger than you. Fjord or Molly would like this. They can decide. They can decide. I mean, really, these boots are good for anybody. These are good for-- yeah. No, I'll tell you on Christmas morning and not before! We couldn't do this at all last campaign! Now you have to wait 20 minutes! Oh, boy. Why? That is the red flag. Not the arcane rug that was destroyed and removed, covering his precious things. Not Jester disguising herself as the High-Richter. And leaving witnesses who had seen someone who was not the Richter going in before the Richter-- Yeah. Ulog rifled through her desk and took some papers from there, but I did not see Fjord tear him a new asshole. Well, you know, I want this to work. So whatever they need. I definitely do not agree, but whatever makes it work. Well, I have no interest in being a leader, do you? No. Do you know that I was going to go to that school one day? Yeah. Didn't work out. Oh, I didn't get anywhere near it. I'm from a small town, and there was a lot of hubbub for me, and maybe, you know, a gathering-up of coin. But I fucked it up. (whispers) Yeah. (clears throat) That is not for me to say. But I have no interest in going. I will do it on my own. Correction I will learn with your help. That's the idea. Ja. Yeah, well, you know, anything worth going after takes some elbow grease and hard work, so. I haven't had a friend in a very long time. The last few months have been... unexpected. I do not. And I'll tell you another secret. I like them, too. I get that they're angry. I don't agree with them. But I get it. Or you, I would argue. Well, you want to bed down with a terrifying artifact of awesome power? Okay. Okay. Night, Nott. Get out of here. I love you guys! I don't mean the Mighty Nein, you're assholes, but I love you guys! We did it. We reclaimed our dignity. We did it. Oh man, here comes my extra one hit point. Plus my con modifier, it's a total of six. So I'm sitting at a big 25 now. Wow. This ain't your kids' D&D, right there! Yeah? Sure. I've just been nerding out over my leveling up over here. Oh, I rolled a one, Matthew. I rolled it really badly. I'm not good at dice. It doesn't always work out for you anyway. It can be thin as a sheet of parchment. It doesn't need to be as-- Am I here? I've been doing this with my spells. It needs to be sealed all the way around and be able to close. Are we all in a group, though? Sorry, I really did have my head up the ass of level four. Okay. Like a lead-- I would pay premium price to get a hold of a lead box right away. Yeah, but this is more like an experience, like Sleep No More. You have to go and-- Yeah, you have to see it for yourself. We do have a lot to do, but this is a functional trip as well. This is a functional trip as well. A gentleman like Pumat Sol-- gentlemen like Pumat Sols-- would most likely-- because they understand divination, and the needs of the arcane. We want you to be in on it. Yeah, he would not be surprised by the question. Also, come over here. Please. Well, whoever-- everybody hears this. Come closer. Yeah, so-- I look around to see if anyone was distracted by Fjord’s large belch. All right. I know you’re all a big fan of my sticky fingers. I took this from Sutan’s house. It is a sending stone. It's a communication device. This was in Sutan’s house. This was under the rug that we destroyed and removed. Yes, of course. We did what we had to do. We improvised. Like Fjord told me the other day you have to improvise. This stone has a twin somewhere and we can talk with it. I don’t know who it is. Honestly, my opinion is, the probability of someone trying to find us, searching for this thing, is like looking for a needle in a haystack in a newly made warzone. However, in the meantime, I was wondering if you’d hold it inside of your fancy bag, because-- I believe not, because inside your bag is somewhere else. It is not even on this plane. Let’s put that in your bag right away, because we don’t know what’s on the other side of it. There is a very, very small chance the answer is yes, so please put it in your bag right now. Yeah. That is what I said that I was going to do. Do we want to do it before Pumat, or after Pumat? All we could do is say hello to a stranger. We don’t know who it is. It would hear our voice. That is true. Just keep it in the bag for now, just in case. Yeah. We could certainly roll this over in our minds and see if there’s something we could do with it. If someone is going to look for this thing-- and, again, probability very low-- but if they were going to look, it’d be right away. It’d be a couple of weeks. I believe possible that at some point a message could come through it. But we don’t know. I just want-- for the next two to four weeks-- I would prefer to keep it either in a lead-lined container or in that bag. Chances are small, but if someone was really determined. It’s possible. I would agree with Fjord's sentiment. If we took it out of my own bag-- There's four of Pumats so one of those Pumats would see it coming out of my own stuff. Yeah, that’s also true. No, that he's nice. We could also go to a breakfast shop and do it there. (Pumat voice) Respectfully, we are. Sorry, how much precisely was that one again? She is very useful in the right circumstances. We definitely should. I will buy that box for us. How much was it? Also, I assume it is out of my reach price-wise, and I'm on a budget, but do you deal in arcane knowledge? Pre-prepared scrolls of any kind? What is the range? What are your lowest rung, I guess I'm curious to know. DM, a question from Liam. Can cantrips be added if they're found? Okay. You know, I am interested in everything from the second level and below. Do you have a menu? Give me a moment. Player's Handbook! Hold your horses. No, I am very good, thank you. Oh no! Small critters. Let's get back to business. I don't know what you have on tap here, but I'm looking for something, just a cantrip, pretty common, shocking-- You know how it works? That is the one. Excellent. Pause. The other thing-- The other one that I am interested in that is not really my forte, but many wizards believe it is of great benefit. Do you have the Shield spell? How much will that run me? I will take the pair. I will take those. Thank you very much, Herr Sol. That is Arschloch, so no. Which? Who's on first? Fiction, or...? Well, sum it up for me. Give me the Tenser's Floating Disk pitch. We can relate. I'm a big reader. If you finish that, I don't know if you are the kind of fellow who likes to keep every book he reads but-- Oh, ja, that makes sense. Okay. Well, I will look for it elsewhere, thank you. Oh, okay. Would you be able to put in an order for this book for me? I understand, but you know many people. You are obviously a very knowledgeable fellow who has vast connections. It's a dirty book? All right. Well, I wait for your full review. Thank you. True. I got distracted. You know. So I put the box right down next to me and I put my coat-- Okay. So, this is better than it was before. You have monster calves, do you want to carry this now? I am-- No, people carry boxes. The lead is just to protect this item from divination. I am worried about crossing two planes of existence. It might not be that at all, but it is definitely not worth chancing. Tell me. What, you have experience with things of this nature? Okay, well, that's fine. I'm going to walk about 200 feet away from you when you put it in that bag-- It takes about two weeks, so I guess we’ll find out. Oh yes, very good things. The daggers are just daggers, okay. Who cares about daggers, honestly? But this-- I hold up this longsword which I can barely hold up. This would be good for either of you two. I will let you decide. Fjord, here. This is a very strong sword; it is very good against creatures. That is for you to look at. Then these boots would make anyone better, but I think that Beauregard might benefit from them the most. I could be wrong; I'm going to give them to Beau and let you decide. There's another one, it's just gone missing. I mean, we will probably never see her again, that seems a little foolish to me. Could one of us carry it until she returns? Who could really use it? Not you? You are so good with a sword! Of course, yes. I thought you would like those. Was I right? I was right, wasn't I? Once per day. So you can choose a moment to get the jump. I mean, anybody would, but-- Yeah, but you know Beauregard really is the most capable fighter in this group, at this moment in time. What? That’s just the truth. Can you handle the truth? Oh, I love making people happy. But also, we did not get the full catch-up, Fjord. What about the remnants of-- I know everything is verkakte. The High-Richter is dead, that's half the job done in a way we did not predict, but what about Lord Sutan? Did you talk to Dolan? And are they going to get the Crownsguard in there? We can't do anything. Dolan was going to handle that part of this. Absolutely noticed that the very expensive magical rug is gone! Listen, this could all appear like the Knights turned on the High-Richter. I thought we wanted to get rid of Lord Sutan? Yeah. And actual connections to the Myriad. It’ll flip the situation. Dolan, I believe, was saying that with the High-Richter in place, she was favoring Sutan. And now she is gone, Dolan will hopefully take that seat. If he takes that seat, Dolan is not going to protect Lord Sutan in the way that he claimed that the High-Richter was. I don't know, maybe we walk away from the whole thing. Discuss it as a possibility. Well, here's the thing. If Dolan assumes that seat-- we have no idea if that's going to happen, but if Dolan does take that Richter's seat, Sutan, if nothing happens to him, if no guards go into Sutan's house, he knows that his rug is gone, he realizes someone has been in his home, 100%, he looks through the home himself, finds our fake message from the Myriad or whoever, would he retaliate on Dolan? Do we care? Well, it was Dolan who said, I believe, he had the relationship with Orentha, so he was going to report this stuff to Orentha and have crownsguard go in. Now, due to the circumstances of the evening, we have missed the element of a quick surprise. They did not rush in the way we had hoped. So he's already realized somebody has jacked his shit. I'm not worried, really, about him finding us, but he had a bad night when he came home. But if we don't give a shit about Dolan, then there's no problem, really. But maybe we do? This is just the first layer of the onion. There's eight more names to come! You fake-name-making motherfucker!