What's Dungeons & Dragons? The Bonegrinder. Those kids, some of my kids, my daughter had some of the pie. I wasn't, but I did. Yes. That really zigged when I thought it was going to zag. Yes, sure. I, too, am dying for the Laura Bailey one-shot, but she has a baby or something. So we're going to wait a little bit longer, but it's coming. I don't want to give away too much, but I'll tell you who's playing. We have La La, Sam, and Travis will be part of the game. And we are bringing in friends TJ Storm-- LAURA AND And Erica Luttrell. Both great actors, fun to play with. Again, I don't want to spoil anything, but I will say that it will be focusing heavily on motherfucking werewolves! Late happy birthday present to Travis Willingham. Yes. I met him years ago in Japan doing mocap and on all our breaks he was just playing Civ on his PC and telling me all about D&D. This predates all our D&D, so he is DPB. Dick in the Peanut Butter. Really gets into the game. (laughter) I don't wanna speak for you, TJ. Better than chunky. (baby talk voice) Oh, who's DPB? Who's DPB? (caterwauling) [click, TV static] [groovy Critical Role theme] Too real. Caleb has to find new garage sales to dive through. Oh, I'm thinking back on it now? Ask Jester to show you the thingy in her bag. Okay, ignore that. It's something we picked up the first time we came through Zadash. Hurry up and stuff that thing back in her bag. You are not allowed to-- you know. Ja, balls deep. Thank you for bringing it back to the material plane. That is pretty good. That's an 18. Point of order there's also a hut, now, as part of the nightly routine. Is it looking as we near it-- is it looking a little more put back together? There's the Feed & Mead Tavern, there's Broad Barn, there's Crate and Barrel. Good times. Nabend. Any trouble here, at home? Yeah, maybe stay for the night before moving on? No, I am all set. The trend is that it's pushing closer in. Coin. Wait, hold on, hold on. Just a point of clarification, we're talking voyeuristically because of your household, you mean? I just want to understand what we are talking about. You know, up close is different than from behind a boudoir. I'm curious about your– you. Only because when I saw it last, it was a bit of a mess. It was a little bit Egg McMuffin, if you know what I'm saying. Traditional Zadash breakfast. DPB. Ja, but still. Here's a question. Once we get to the Menagerie Coast, I feel like we'll have a good sense of how Nott is at fitting in. What is it like for-- It's also hot. Is it hot there? You might not want mittens, you know? You're fine when you're next to me. That old chestnut. No, a roof is good. Let's have a roof. It's easy. We stumble upstairs. Morgen. Ja, morgen. Guten morgen. Liam does not know. Liefen, laufen, loafen, loben. Also, the nostalgia factor of seeing where we all, you know, got hitched. Have you ever been out of Empire? Same. I will pay for that. It's done and done, it's already happened. I'm good. I've stocked up. I am plush. I have more coin in my pocket than I ever could have imagined, and I have already spent most of what we made. No. No, I'm good. Ja. Oh, you two take it, then. Where are you going? I poke my head between them. What are you doing? I send Frumpkin to go look at the rocks. Ten. Can he climb to the tippy-top? I'm looking down at us. Turn around! Having to do K turns as a person is rough. Does it look like there is anything buried, any digging done here? 20. Sorry. 25. That's a bingo. Hold on. I send Frumpkin to get down by my hand to look up so that I can look at what I'm grabbing, to make sure that it is not one of those bags with teeth or something that I have read about in fairytale stories. One moment! Some loot. Maybe. No, first Frumpkin goes to look, so I can see what I'm seeing. I don't like all these euphemisms. I pull the bag out. Caleb takes the bag and he puts it in Jester's hand, and starts to quietly dance around. I take one gem and say This is a six-foot tall stack of paper! We're taking them! Did you find it in your pants? While everybody's arguing, I'm going to sit down and Detect Magic as a ritual. Oh, ritual casting Detect Magic, but that's ten minutes of stoppage. I am busy. Nothing, stones, the dirt? Okay, we're good. This place is clear. Let's get the hell out of here. I lost all my dicks. That's how it works, right? Everyone in the bed is-- It was Travis. Yeah, if it's easy. Yeah. You have a trost here; that's what you do. I wasn't paying attention. Could I get a bowl, please? Oh, I was going to borrow from a friend, but yeah, I will take a little bit of milk in it, please. I put it on the floor and I snap him into existence. There you go, buddy. No. Yeah. He really likes it. No no. No no no! It is painfully true, in my case. And I tell Frumpkin to start drinking milk. Just a little bit. Put some fat on those fey bones of yours. Please, send me your emails for abusing my fey magical cat! Yeah, it's like Vax, near the end. Yeah, like Vax, near the end. (as Vax) Oh, this sandwich is so good. Mmm. (laughter) I don't think we have that. Do we want to do a little-- I don't think that's true, but we could do a token. And if not, I feel like we should keep a certain amount for ourselves for our travels, but we could leave a token sum to help him on the way. Remember that? Norda and Yorda. In the morning. If that is permissible, ja. Roughly how long has it been since we were here? Well. Pleasure. You know, we meant to return sooner, but we've been a bit held up. About that. We're not staying in town. We are leaving in the morning, actually, but-- How much-- if it's not too presumptuous, how much do you have left to work off? What about remuneration, an amount? What is left for him to work off? Ja, could you please? Could you go look up that number for us, please? He convinced the town that we all met-- Werewolves! Next week! Travis Willingham, living his best life. Therewolves. It's maybe a little bit for you, but also for a friend. For-- I'm not good at this, does someone want to? We were fond of him, and he was fond of you, so. Yeah, so back to the situation at hand. You are suggesting we continue doing what we're doing? (whispers) This got weird so quickly. I will put in 100 gold. We are at 15 now. Jesus. Just keep 65 and spend 100 of Molly's, to keep it simple. I'm keeping my money, then. Solid. What will you do now? Your guess is as good as ours. Boy, not that any of us can complain, but that guy likes to lay it on thick. That's tea for life. Seems fake. (laughter) I'm gonna go open and look at Wikipedia. I found it! Looks so good on the purpleheart. Intentionally late. There it is. I wish Laura hadn't quit. She was so good on the show. We're over big dick energy. BDE is gone, DPB is in. It just means you're really invested. Schlurp. How far to the gate? It needs to be empty the way it looks. We need to hop out now. It needs to be empty the way it looks when they poke at it. So I think we should all spill out now. Just on a whim do you want to try to dispel the enchantment the way you did-- What would I know about using that spell to make this go away; temporarily or for good? That's what I'm after. That is 22. Hey, let's roll off of this thing and take a walk. Let them poke sticks in here and find nothing. Yeah, but if they find the lot of us going (grunts) when they look in, that's bad, but if they poke at it and say, "What's with this cart?", we say it's a very good cart. I'm getting out of the cart. Or maybe Fjord would be good at that. I will take the bag away and swivel it over to Fjord. He did it again. It's an elven giant. Nice, Tal. 23. Oh, he worked so hard on that! And now the Ettin just wants to crochet things with us. That miniature is like the Garbage Pail Kid card that you get 97 of. It is the most frequent find in the box. Ettins. Got a lot of Ettins. In the meantime, I pull out a white feather, and I trace a triangle in the air, and I cast Fear on this one. 16. 13 is the DC. I tap Nott on the shoulder-- Those two just saw their worst fears. It's so beautiful. Wait, now he can spin it around and it's a different part of the canyon entirely. 100 feet later. This is like old animation where it just repeats and repeats and repeats. The Ettins are throwing boulders at us. Go, go, go! I assume it is, yeah. Yeah. Where did it go? Where did it go? This is my first time casting it. If the creature ends its (mumbling)-- must take the dash action. If a creature-- For the duration. It just says it becomes frightened for the duration. One minute. I'm looking. Where is it? Do you see it? Oh, if it doesn't have line of sight on me, it makes a wisdom save. Noice, noice, noice. 16. (Jester voice) Jester, where did you land? Aww. How far away-- oh boy! Caleb is going to jump out of the back of the cart. I'm going to move to here. And as I'm moving forward, I'm pulling out a pinch of iron powder. And I let go of it, and pull my fingers apart, and Beau again becomes Swoleregard. And I will use the rest of my movement, I think it's five or ten feet more, then to back away towards the cart once I've done it. Don't let them down. That's why I did this, so I could see the big mini, Matt. Backing up towards the cart, jogging backwards. Yep, doing that backward jog. For fuck's sake! Thanks, Gil. Fuck you, Gil! What was it? I don't know if this is going to hit me, but I'm going to risk going this way away from it up onto the gray stone. Yeah. I'll take it. Ten feet of reach, probably. But I'm not done, so, pushing myself up and trying to focus on the one on the ground and seeing double, hand on the glove, tighten it, and I'm going to release three rays from it and-- hit the mic first-- and then hit the ettin on the ground. Is that at advantage because he's down? I'm going to do it anyway. First one is ten, doesn't hit. Second one is a 20. Yeah. Third one is 19. Ugh! I made six, six, one, one. So 14 points of damage. It's a two. (Bane voice) Oh, sorry, giantkin. (singing) Jester got run over by a reindeer. That is amazing. Yeah, he doesn't move! (deep voice) That was real convenient, guys. Ja, I'm going to back up five feet away, and as I do so, I'm going to pull some bat shit out of one pocket and some sulfur in the other and slap them together, and then stick my hands out and cast Fireball at it. It's a different kind. It's a dex save, but he's stunned, so I imagine he's not going to do too well. He's still prone. But he's prone. Dex save. So, no. That is a no. It's a total of 16 fire damage. Did I go five feet back from where I was? Okay, I feel very caffeinated right now. If no one does anything else, I will send another Fireball 150 feet. 25 points of fire damage. Because I have such an easy target at his back, I give a little bit of a curveball to it, and I make the fireball beam of red go (whirring) (explosion) and erupt about 15 feet back, and just burn the backside. Oh yeah, okay. Not great, but at least we're not under attack. A ten. You're still huge? Oh! Nope. Yeah, you're huge. Is Enlarge still in place if I'm out of it? I would think. How long did it take for Caleb to come out of that? A minute. I should probably stop doing that. Okay. Okay. Let's go catch the cart. A thought I had earlier; point of order-- the first time I did the hut, it was bright orange, but I've learned that I can control that, so through experimentation, I would say if we are ever in a field of grass, the hut would be the color, as close as Caleb can get it, to the grass. It wouldn't be mottled or anything, it would be still slightly abnormal because it would be one solid color. If we are in a stony area, I would try to match the gray. Just something I add to my routine. Did you say Drudy? By the way, Caleb has stayed behind. He has no interest; he is keeping the hut up and petting his own cat and watching. Twin cups! (clinks) Sam, would you like an animal companion? Caleb is very judgmentally petting his cat's head. Beau's hard shell drops. Taliesin! Taliesin, this one's for you. (gasp) Blink dog! Blink-- Motherfucking blink dog! I mean, I'm not there. (pigeon cooing) (laughter) Why did you put this in front of us, Matt? Why? No, that blink dog is cool! Think how effective an animal companion was when you were a ranger, and now you have none of those skills. You could take it, though. This is revenge for all the times Dagon bit us. Damn it. And I take out a little metal wire, and I add to this conversation and say, you are responsible for this animal's stealth checks. Weasel. Yeah, what about the owl and the weasel? Nothing is more important than this. Oh, it's so cute. If you guys are wandering back, Caleb is giving Jester the vaguest stink eye as he scritches Frumpkin's head. That is super. Good for you. Why do you bring up the number of people in the party? What do you mean? Yeah, here, have some Tamagotchi. You know, Caleb doesn't like the blink dog, but keep the blink dog, because Liam loves it. Keep the blink dog. ALF, please don't eat the blink dog. (laughter) Lot going on here. Work hard, play hard. Well. Peanut butter and playa dust, though? Nah. No, it's not.