We almost had three women at this table. (Irish accent) Oh may the road rise up to meet you. May the wind be always at your back. May the sun shine warm upon your face-- So many! It's in my drink! Low, don't let them set the lights on fire. My Wyrmwood has never looked so festive. I didn't shoot my silly string, because it's hair spray. Recording Vox Machina and Gilmore lines was sur-real! It was so good! Travis's might have been my favorite. It was fun. A sliced-up corpse victim, maybe? That's it! You're in the clear. You are like a bad penny. There's nothing private about our situation at all, right? There's people everywhere? And it all makes sense to you? I apologize, I'm not very observant. I missed your name. Cree? You were mentioning this group, the Tomb Takers. You had another name before. Were you a group and our friend joined you at some point? The one that came before. What was your unifying trait or pursuit? She's going Homer Simpson, running circles around. I will also stand. (as Jester) Jester wants you to know that from home she is watching The Gentleman and making sure he is not cheating. Oh, she rolled really well. What's her modifier, added to an 18? Oh, 22. (as Jester) Oh, this man has the Luck feat. Ja, then you probably know we are not the best you're going to find, but we are up and comers. Good skill set. (singing) Que Sorah, Sorah. The mohawk lady. Let's assume this is not a gift you are offering, what is it that you are looking for in return? Insight check. Not good enough. That's a twelve. Yeah. He's sweating, he must be nervous. Never mess with a goblin when death is on the line! I find all of this very agreeable. That was mine. (laughter) Still a game. Flex. The Mighty Drei. While that conversation happens. Can I speak to you? Just for a second? That was a princely sum you just wagered with there. Yes, it is. That wouldn't have, by any chance, have been recompense for everything we did the other night? Or are you rolling in it? Yeah, I'm wondering if you just wagered the party's funds. On a very calculated risk. So you come with funds on you. Do you know, I would be all right if you had? I am a fan of calculated risks. Yeah. But it was just, you know-- You're flush. I understand. Insight check. 17. All right. If the reward is good and it's not stupid. Maybe. Okay. How many names are there? Is it over ten or under? With one of your long fingernails? Write what you know, Taliesin. Taliesin, there's tabaxis coming out of every stall. What the hell, man? That is true. Do you think you will be able to travel with us for a little while, perhaps? No pressure, at all, but it is nice to have some muscle around. She is just joshing you. We have been getting our hands dirty, a little bit. Are you sure you want to get your hands dirty with us? That's direct. (as Jester) Technically we stole it from the crownsguard because he took it away, so we stole it later. Depends on who you're talking to. How long have you been in the Empire? How long have you been here in the Empire? What do you mean, people are listening to heavy metal GWAR babe, purple guy, and little green girl in a doll mask? I'm going to have Frumpkin jump into Nott's lap and do the (gnawing) on her fingers to keep her occupied. (singing) Ashley, Ashley's back, Ashley's back in the game, she's back in the game and she's never going back and Blindspot is no more. Well, maybe it is, we're just not sure, we're waiting to find out. Jester, why are you smearing feces all over your face? Yeah, you could shoulder that motherfucker. Nott, maybe you could use it. You know, for laughs. You could do the pole vault. That's a shame I will go with you, if you want. If you want us to ask this-- To the ogre? Let's go. This is a people-building exercise. He's good, pouring a flask like that. Important note Laura Bailey has texted in that she hates us all. Sure. This is easy. We're all going to die. Yeah. This is a guy, it is a male ogre? I also grab Jester by the wrist and drag her along, because she makes everyone smile, so I bring her with. Yeah, hello. I am sorry to bother you, but I think that we are loosely connected through work relations now. This is my friend Nott, this is Jester. My name is Caleb Widogast, and we are working for the Gentleman, much like you are. We are going to be here-- You know, we don't want to take up too much of your time, I was just hoping to learn two things. One, what is your name? I wipe the warm breath off of my face. And my second question is do you like working for the Gentleman? I will take that as a yes. I am glad we are doing business with this gentleman. Kutha. We had the loveliest time, it was a great day; please check it out. Additionally, D&D Beyond has offered to donate $100 for every natural one rolled by the Mighty Nein up until June-- including every natural one rolled to date, making a positive out of our misery. Sun's on its way down, you said? It has set, okay. This is a good time to mention that in between last game and this-- --cantrips not-- Right, but Caleb would have known that. After Liam had asked the DM. So we're switching out that cantrip for Hold Person, if that was at the store. And Caleb is flat broke. Until right now! You blindfold him on the way to being blindfolded? Oh? Oh. Six of one, half a dozen of another. Order of the story. (intones melody) Why do you have so many names? You woke up buried in the ground? And you are saying that you have no memory? Keeping it real on the field line! Well, you can say whatever you want, but whatever you say has to be true. That's how it works. You can also just say, "I don't feel like talking." Wow. 13. But, DM, we know that, we feel it, according to the spell. Yeah, but do you have any theories for what happened before? How much time passed between waking up in a dirt box and the circus? Yeah, many. Are you a good guy? Are you talking about your abilities? (As Jester) "Oh! I have a question! Is there anyone in the group you find super attractive?" (As Liam) A text from Laura. Oh, ask Yasha, oh. (As Jester) "What about you?" (As Jester) "You can tell me!" Yasha, how much of this was under wraps? You knew any of this, in your time in the circus with-- (As Jester) "Molly, what about have you ever pooped your pants?" M.T. or empty? Jester? I feel your touch on this conversation, is this all accurate? And the rest? Well, I will say, I am a little concerned about, you know, loose ends coming to bite you, and us in the butt. However-- I believe in second starts and that's enough for me. May I make a check to see if I have ever heard of the Moonweaver? 23. (as Jester) "Molly?" (as Jester) "I have a question." (as Jester) "Can you really read fortunes?" (as Jester) "You have a feeling?" What about your tattoos, though? That's a lot of ink, man. Hey, does any of that symbology mean anything to me? (as Jester) "(clears throat) Caleb, I have a question." (as Jester) "Do you shave your butt?" (as Caleb) I can truthfully say-- No, that was for me. Now you know that neither Molly nor I shave our butt. And also there's not a lot of hair there anyway, so. Perhaps we have learned all we need to learn from this conversation. Maybe it is time to turn in. We have some things to do tomorrow. I am satisfied, Mollymauk Tealeaf. For now. The Gentleman described the research facility to everybody right? Before they split off? The Gentleman. Described the research facility, the job to everybody. Right. So we all heard that? Yeah. Oh no. I'm going to scuttle off and go over to Pumat's. I have just a short little shopping. Oh, you do? Okay. So I'm having bacon down below, so I will wait until I see you. You need to let your soul glow. Shuriken? How much is a little bit? Hey! For throwing stars from Pumat. Okay. I will definitely ask him if he has "throwing stars." Not interested, but I will ask about the items you are looking for. Well, not one-of-a-kind. No. Oh man. Laura is texting with a full case of FOMO right now. Ooh. We miss you, Laura. Next week. When you get home, just the blinds are open. You did the artist formerly known as Prince? Just breathe it in. I gather we all hear this conversation, yeah? Ah, regular Percival de Rolo over here. Yasha and Caleb in Napoleon Dynamite. I'm sorry, I have a simple request. About 100 gold worth of ink for transcribing arcane knowledge. I have four gold to my name again. Don't worry about it. It is. It is. I don't think she would, actually. She might, but it doesn't seem her bag. Sounds like bullshit to me. What about yourself? Yeah, but I've seen you throw a dagger or two in your time and you always have to walk out to the tree and pull it out or walk out to the gnoll and pull it out. This way it would come right back to you. Think about it. I understand. If she changes her mind, we'll let you know. How high are the ceilings in this store? I low how your voice went (low voice) to (imitating Matt) "The ceiling's about--" Okay. Got it. She is quite pale. It's hard to tell. Attention's a bitch, isn't it? ASHLEY and A thousand throwing stars. I hand Yasha one of the ten gold that Beau gave me. This is Beau's money, so I think she'd want you to purchase them. Yeah, but she doesn't like me very much. That's doubtful. Why do I think it's doubtful she will like me? She has threatened me constantly. She is very aggressive. She's very surly. She doesn't smile a lot unless there is a spell cast on her. I've only seen her punch people in the face. Give her time. I give one gold to Yasha and I hold on to the other nine. I'm going to give it back to her. Too real for me, too real. We see guards asking around? Okay. I am just going to pull my cloak up and put the hood up. That's all. Well, Horris is part of the mission. We should go. Let's make hay while the sun shines. Yes, they were so heavy and I am so weak that I gave them to Yasha to carry. Here's your change. I'm just weird in general. This is a Liam thing, not a Caleb thing. I'm just going to say, right now, where we are, Frumpkin, I'm telling him to follow us all, about 55 to 60 feet back behind us. 600am, wake up! Happy Halloween! I don't like the proximity here. Frumpkin's gone, out there. Then once we're in the speakeasy-- sorry, I just ate a cracker. Frumpkin's under a table. As soon as the blindfold is on, I'm going to pass my sight and hearing over to Frumpkin. If it works. Thanks, blind woman. Okay. Yeah. (boof) (whack) Sorry! This is okay. How did my cat do? Oh shit. Total shit. Five! Yes. Okay. If I saw that, I would snap my fingers and make Frumpkin poof out. I'm going to bite my tongue and bring Frumpkin back. It's just a nervous tic. I'm a nervous fellow. Sorry. (snaps fingers) Frumpkin back in. 50 feet behind. There's other people down here doing shit as we walk by. (as Jester) Jester has a question. She would like to know what it smells like in here. I get in with Nott. In the Yasha boat. And I send away Frumpkin. On our own? We are all on our own here right? Ja? (poof poof) I let two of the globules hover around the front of each boat. One at the front and one at the back of each boat. (singing) She's got a giant sword, but who cares? You've got to ask her! Sure it counts! It counts doubly as much! No! (as Jester) "How big is the chamber we are traveling in?" (as Jester) "With my darkvision, how high is the ceiling in here?" (as Jester) "I grab the edge of the boat, and I say Oskar! Is there no echo?" (as Jester) "That was pretty good!" God damn, he's going to end the game! Damn it! Four more hours! Mimosas! Come on! It's like playing a video game for 30 minutes. It's so unsatisfying!