I have a mounting sense of dread. There's brand-new merch, GenCon. Oh, so tense. Yeah, and we don't have all the time in the world because we are trying to intervene before the worst happens. Do we get a sense of the Taskers, are they just a group, like us? Like a small group, or we don't know yet? Then we are not fulfilling our responsibilities. We go at night, and the first step is taking care of the two, there could be more, but two that we saw on the wall, whoever is on the wall at night, silently. Then, from all you've told us, we have-- this might be incomplete information-- but three. There is the shithead himself, and then two you saw. So three total that we know about. That is also correct. When you were in this house, as a mouse, there was no way down there. It was a solid trap door. You don't know what was under it? What did you hear, specifically? Well, we need to peel this like an onion. We need to, I believe, get some help. Get some reassurance. Outer layer of the onion is making sure we take whoever is on the walls, whoever is keeping watch, out, silently, so that we can begin anew with the building itself. I think that either you or my friend here should go in ahead of us so we have some idea of what is happening. Once in a while I turn this one into a spider. It is slow, but it is very undetectable. Do you feel differently? Truthfully, there are ways that I can hurt people with a spider, but I'm just talking about having a look around so that we are not walking into something different than what you saw last night. Well, I disagree with you. Agree to disagree. You are new. This is very typical. It's just part of the group dynamic. We are all friends. I am a master debater. But we want to take numbers down, so we peel the outer layer separately. If all goes well, then there is whoever is upstairs. The big X factor is what is what is beneath. We don't know how many people are underneath. If I can find materials in Shadycreek. I need gold dust, a lot of gold dust. How likely is that here? To first get gold dust, I would need gold. How much do we have? I have next to nothing. What about in the haversack? Does Jester have any funds in there? Text thread explodes in five, four, three. Remember, "LIAM EATS FARTS." Yeah, it could be a group effort. I feel very confident for many of our skills for the ones on the outside. What I'm concerned about is entering the front door. What is behind? What I would like to do is go when they are sleeping and hopefully murder them in their sleep, is the best case. Yeah, the thing when someone is sleeping in a bed is they are like little-- (whispering) I was going to say babies. I shouldn't say that! There's a little bit that we have to play this by ear. I think we should go at night to handle things when it is the least busy. Well, maybe we can find some in Shadycreek. One. That seems strangely specific. Than an onion? Well, how about we're just going to kill the people on the wall, how is that for a metaphor? I like the idea of someone with a little bit of muscle and then another person who is adept at healing injuries. In the woods. Did Ophelia mention how far out into the woods that person was? It is the same day? Ja, that is a good point. Yeah, friendsies. Well, we're weighing two things against each other. One is expediency because there are many people in Shadycreek who could possibly lend a sword or ability. But I think that you are correct. That there is no telling their allegiance, and I'm not ruling them out, but this person out in the woods probably not in the pocket of our enemies. We need to come to a decision promptly. Or wrapped them around her finger, one way or the other. No, they are actually pretty-- they've got their shit together. A child? Yes. We have to make a decision. (announcer voice) Ophelia Mardun. (laughter) To the household, ja. If we find what we find in the woods is helpful enough, and we feel good with what we got. Then in the middle of the night is a go. We want to hit it at two or three in the morning. Whatever makes you feel comfortable. You cannot argue with that. Yeah. ASHLY and Are we Prancercising? Oh, also are our horses dead? But it wouldn't speed us up, because it's the woods? Let's walk. I will walk just behind Nila. She's just the biggest. I'm going to stand next to the biggest person. Get it girl. Is there anything to add to-- ooh. One moment. I send Frumpkin up to flit about 50 feet ahead to see if there is anything ahead, or from a bird's eye view that we are unable to detect. That is a 21. Frumpkin is how far from me at this point? So I can only watch. I have muttered all this, watching. We are talking concentric rings? Ja. I am beginning to think this a little more than we came looking for, but we have traveled a ways. We are going on a witch hunt. We can't go over it, we can't go under it. Caleb starts to climb over. 16. Nobody was aware I was panicked the whole time. The thorns are almost like small razors. Careful. How far away is the structure? Domo arigato. Hold on. Caleb tries to creep up to a gravestone and hide behind it to get within 30 feet of the door. Nine. You're really just a random shopkeep in the woods? You don't say. Does he seem like he's going to kill us? Thank you. 19. Nein-teen. I come over and sit and take one of the teas. Oh, well, Herr Clay, we come to you with a great tragedy. Do you want to, or should I? That's the first one? (whispering) Do we really have time for a comedy bit like this? How long have you been alone out here? How many seasons has it been since someone has knocked on your door like we have? That is a very fair point. We are very random visitors from out of the blue. We do come to you with tragedy. We do have a friend in the ground. We do have friends who are in dire need of assistance. You help people into the ground, but offhand, do you help them out of the ground? We've all read stories of the extraordinary, but you do not have this in your wheelhouse, you are saying? Three in the cage is worth one in the dirt. We are not bad guys. If you are saying that you are able to help people back from the brink of extinction, on occasion or under the right circumstances, I am going to hazard a guess that you could heal a wound in a snap, yeah? Now it's just you. Well, you're double lucky. Herr Clay, we are dealing with a time-sensitive situation. You are looking for a segue out of this predicament you're in? Herr Clay, we should be very honest with you. We are intending to do good by people who deserve it. A young one. Good people. But we are going to do very difficult business tonight or tomorrow. Welcome to The Mighty Nein. Do you require anything? You'll have it. You'll have it. Motherfucking druid. (whispering) We'll figure that out. So! Let me tell you about the murderers we are dealing with. First, there was the dinosaurs. (laughter) So only one hit point? We didn't really discuss; we got distracted. We are going to find somebody, spur of the moment, tell them to come with us out to the woods? To do a bit of dark business? No, I don't know if that's a good idea, I don't like our options at the moment, any of them really. I feel like we don't have-- we are one more person than when we got our asses handed to us on the road, and we thought we had the upper hand then. Now we have one more, that is better, but if we go to the town and we find a couple of ne'er-do-wells who'll work for coin, we are convincing them to come with us right away, into the woods. Into the woods. What do you think? If we do that, the three of us would do the talking, naturally. Well, we could take them at night, which we did not do before. Some of them would be awake, probably not all of them. We had the element of surprise before, we hopefully have it now. Home turf is big. You know, Nott, I agree with you. The most important thing is getting the people who are in that basement. The most important thing. You've always got to improvise. The only thing that I believe is known is taking care of the people on that wall, anyone outside. I will send Frumpkin around to see if there are more than just these two, then we will have decisions to make. We will need to send in Frumpkin again or our new friend here. One of us, one of them and make a plan from there. That is all we know now. We need to do something and I feel a little on edge with our numbers, but I am maybe more on edge by the ticking clock. But what is it that lures the Shepherds out of their hole? That will put them in the courtyard, it will not probably put them in the woods. True. Ten. I think we might be doing this now, so be prepared for it. Frumpkin shoots up into the air and bounces off a tree. I have an owl here, it is-- That hits. Frumpkin is alive! Well, it's 1d4 plus one, and I rolled it last time, and I rolled a four, so it's 1d4 plus one. I told him to go down low to the ground. Yeah. Ja, I can, but I poof into Frumpkin's senses. Do I hear anything besides Phil and Mystery Man? Ja, because of the hearing. Oh, that's good on the first roll. The first roll is good, so it is 18. Who's in the building? Okay. I snap my fingers, and Frumpkin vanishes, leaving the bolt where he was, and then I do it again. He's here. May I borrow one of your goodberries? Is this one? Okay. I will take four. One, two, three, four. You may keep that one. Thank you. We could potentially keep moving now, if we want to, because-- Yeah, we know there's two on the wall, maybe that's their M.O., every night there's two on the walls. People are awake inside. What is the hour right now? 1033, yeah. Yeah, it is. Oh, I'm sorry, 1034 now. Yeah, approximately. It's still 1034. I'm not going to do this right now. We have a decision to make. Doesn't seem any better or worse from the outside, but we are outside the onion. Are we going back to town to get a little more muscle, or are we making a go of it here? Well, how successfully could we silently kill these two on the wall? You would be good at one. But pitch it to me. How? You, I know-- Yeah, but we have to finish the job instantly. Could also shoot him from the dark when he's not expecting it to happen. No, the people inside will hear it. No, we need silence. No, it's too early. We need to wait. It's 1035 at night. We need to wait until they're asleep. No. How far is Beauregard from me right now? Did you wander away from me? (whispers) Would you rather wait until they are sleeping in their beds before we did this? I don't want this one moving along right now. She makes a lot of noise. If we are doing this, I feel we should wait until it is late at night, and wait until we see those guards changed, and then wait a little bit further for the old guards to go to sleep. Yeah? So there's a lot of sitting here and not moving. I know we are all very anxious, but we wait, someone comes out, relieves these two, they go to bed, and then we strike all at once. Then we do your plan; it's just delayed, that's all. Yeah, but Keg, you stay here. Wait. Yeah, you are just waiting until some of us are able to silently take out these people on the wall. Then we buy ourselves a little time while you can clink and clunk as we get closer. It's good that you find levity in the situation. Then we go into the inside of this wall and take the next step. Well, it's two groups, and you move less right now. Thank goodness. I have to pee so bad. Let's go back to town. (Elmo voice) Elmosdaddy! (Elmo voice) (giggling) (Elmo voice) Everybody's going to die! He's got a little board under there. In the interim while we're waiting for that to happen, I'm going to do two things. One, I'm going to cast Mage Armor on myself, and I'm also going to pull a book out of one of the holsters and spend ten minutes changing Frumpkin into a spider! He has three hit points, so I think he's actually a bigger spider than the one you're imagining. See, he's right there. He's very big. It's three hit points worth of spider. Somebody could step on it and he could still go. Get Brian Foster in here with his ping pong racket. I put it on Beau's shoulder. I pull the haversack off and say I have a decent idea, anyway. I think that you should use this. Back to my idea, okay. Nott on the other side can probably put a bolt in that guy's throat over there. You can probably vault up the side of that wall, if I'm not mistaken, don't you think? Oh, you told me about your ability to make things quiet around you. When I hold him, you yank him off of the wall, and then Humpty Dumpty, you know, they can't put him back-- You know how it goes. You are going to help Beauregard here up onto the wall, quietly, after you use your-- Whatever you call it. Then she gets up there and I am going to use my tricks to hold him and let her rip him off the wall and split his skull upon the stones beneath. Pretty complicated. I pull out a little wire and whisper into it to Nott and say I think we have an idea over here, so we should probably get set. Well, she's a party maker, noise, you know. (clanking) Matthew? DM. where would you say, in relation to this map, the two groups are? So 150 feet apart, probably. Like, about that far. Ayy! When you get on the wall off of Nila's shoulders and you do the handhold thing? You know what I'm talking about? Right underneath him? That is an excellent idea. Yeah. You and I, we're good. We have this little routine. Beauregard can do that on this side. What about on your side? You? You're short. What are you doing over there, Nott? Nott, I have a question for you. The plan is not foolproof, but on our side over here, Beauregard's going to throw the asshole off the wall. If you shoot your asshole and he does not die but starts screaming, what do you do? Or you could attack at the same time. Said Liam. Yeah, the sequence of events is that you two need to get onto the wall successfully. You've got your javelin tied up. I say three, two, one. No! Are they in place? I'm going to hold Hold Person until these two are right under the guard. Use the dodeca if you need to. Luck, you have luck still. But you have a luck left. You got one left. No, Caleb, seeing this, would've went drei, zwei, eins. Hold Person. Take a shot! Ten. 16. Oh, held! I send Frumpkin up into the air to do a circle around the entire perimeter. Achtzehn. 18. Frumpkin saw all of this, yeah? Saw the doors, all of that? I'm going to creep my way to the front door and as I go, I'm going to cast Detect Magic. Yeah. Right, to the outer wall. Yeah. I will wait until I am within 30 feet of the wall and then I do so, I will mutter a few words. Sexy. I like this guy. I take my wire and I say Nott are you on the ground still? Can you meet me at the front gates quietly? Waiting very anxiously for my life partner. Oh, son of a fuck, come on Ash. SAM and Don't go lower than that, that's got to be the worst. Seven plus-- We're at the front gate? Okay, I can get this open, but I would prefer to preserve my reserves, so can you get this door open? I miss being a rogue every day. I pull out the wire and get it between my hands and whisper up to Beauregard Are we good? Is everything good up there from what you can see? Are we good? There is another door over there. Let's get to that door. We're at the front gate. Yeah, so we have to get to that door. There's no magic on the front door, right? It's like ten minutes, so I've probably got four or five minutes left. I think that we should cut around the side and go to the back. They will probably be expecting that less. Yeah, okay. I think we should leave them for the moment to keep appearances up. Okay, but are you able to-- I don't understand your people's ways, but are you able to help her the way you helped Beauregard earlier? That ability you had to make Beauregard-- So you could drop it and do it again. Who has it now? Let's tippy-toe around the back door. I miss Vax so much. 14. Plus ten, whatever it is. Yeah. No, these two. We asked them if they saw anything right before we went. I'm going to guess that I have two or three minutes left on Detect Magic, so does the door seem clear of that? It was on my iPad! Luck, luck, luck. Is there any gap between the bottom of the door and the floor that Frumpkin could fit through right now? In you go, buddy. Hold on to my hand, please. Telepathically, I tell Frumpkin to crawl up the other side of the door and go onto the ceiling. Nila didn't tell us anything about a kitchen from her-- Well, that's where I will send Frumpkin along the ceiling. Then when he gets to a door, he can go down the door and under, if there is a gap, and then up the door. Are all these doors so far the same? They are loose? A half-inch for Frumpkin? I don't hear shit right now. I will send Frumpkin through the next gap. No, you can't tell me anything. I will do this one here. I will have Frumpkin back away, under the crack. He is so little. He is so small. Just one roll? That's okay. Hold on, everybody. 14. Wait, everything's crazy. I need a different browser window. Well, I rolled a 14 but it's better than that, it's 16. (singing) The Itsy Bitsy Spider. Back under that door, and he will peeky-poo under the door he has not checked yet. Yeah, this door. This one here. To the bottom. Any cracks that are a half-inch wide, big enough for a spider? I remember this. Okay. That's a wall covered by that paper there that you don't need to uncover, right? Back out of this, I know where I am. I will go along the wall here. Frumpkin will crawl on the wall. Oh, you can't see where I'm pointing. Yeah, and crawl around the corner and peek around the corner into that colored spot. This is too complicated for me to mutter, so I'm not telling everybody this. This is too complicated. I don't hear anything, and you're nowhere near me. What I will do is send Frumpkin down this hallway, because I did not go this way yet. I remember this from her stories, so I will continue Frumpkin up the stairs. Time is passing, because he's not that quick. We'll make for the wall at that point. What does Frumpkin need to do, armor class, right? Zwölf. He scurries away-- No, he scurries up onto the wall, up onto the ceiling. 20 feet. There's a bug in this world, and I won't rest until he's dead. Matt, I don't know if this will happen in time, but what I tell him to do telepathically, because I should be close enough, 100 feet, is to go in here, through this door that's open, and over the door and down the back, and once he's out of sight, I will poof him out, if that works. They might hit him before it happens. It's a spider! But he disappears in the back of the door. That was wild. Okay. Yes. Oh, hi. Again. There's two of them. I pull a wire out and I aim towards my friends on the horses. There's two of them. Six seconds go by. There's two of them on the first floor. What do we do? I saw what the firbolg woman told us about. There is a trapdoor not too far from us here. (whispers) Ja, okay, that's good. We have to be very quiet. Here's what we do. Frumpkin, I take Frumpkin. Oh, there's Frumpkin. I place Frumpkin on your shoulder. You have to go in this door and I'm going to talk into your ear. I'm going to hold Keg's shoulder and I am going to talk into your ear and tell you which way to go to get you to the trapdoor. Okay, and you have to be very quiet. Yeah, and see if that trapdoor is open. If it is, you will put my spider underneath and we will see what is going on. If it's unlocked. Do not go in yourself right away, send in Frumpkin to look. I will be watching the whole time. It's fine. Halt, I cast-- Ja. I cast Knock on the door. At every turn-- Listen to me. At every turn, when you can go left or right, if Frumpkin, who will be resting on your ear, tickles the inside of the ear, it means go right. If nothing happens, go left. Tickle means right. You've got it. My hand is on Keg's shoulder in case things go to shit. Tickle means right; left is nothing. No. Tickle, tickle. I drop it. We're in, go! I walk into the building. That's not what I expected. 21. Did the sound of clattering pans clatter outside? Did the people outside hear it? I slap my hand down on Keg's shoulder and I, with a free hand, stick licorice root into my mouth and start chewing and squeeze her shoulder and you are Hasted. And I will-- a couple of things, and I can't find my card right now, but you have a plus two to your AC, you have advantage on dexterity saving throws, and an additional action on each of your turns. You are very fast right now. I start moving into the building, as far as I can, actually. Behind Nott. By the doorway? Yeah, that's good. Pressing into the wall there, so that people can get by me. Oh, that's terrible. That's up to you. She's got another ten feet. No! Tell her nothing! Blue fabric? Yeah, I should be able to see just over or under Nila's legs or something, that one last asshole? I'm going to do a fastball special, a Fire Bolt, at him. I rolled a 15 to hit Phil. Oh, gut! (gasps) I rolled a ten. Out of ten. (whoosh) That's it, it's just a cantrip. Does it? Okay. 13. Part of me really likes the way fire feels. That's it. Ah, no. I'm going to back up ten feet. What do you do, mom? Fucking slavers. Redrum. Whatever you want, Sumalee! I'm being a nerd. Have fun! No. Stab and disengage. Keg is right there to the bad guy. Am I mistaken? But I mean, sneak attack damage-- I didn't even see the miniature beyond the door. I didn't know she was there. Tight tight tight. He's just that good. It's Jeff Bridges in The Big Lebowski. Bing bang bong bing bong bing bong! She's on the ground, though, and she is out of it so you could fucking Goodfellas the shit out of that woman. Or whatever. Whatever you want. It is advantage, but it's not an auto crit. Get that motherfucker. Get it get it, girl, get it get it. What is it normally? Zip! There's nobody to attack. Cocaine. Oh, my turn? Oh jeez louise. Okay, I'm going to move forward, back towards where I see Nila in there. That's as far as I can go? I'm going to go towards Keg. Yeah, and I may do nothing, but-- DM, can I dance back and forth like this and see what I can see through that doorway? Can I see this one? Oh look, there's somebody laughing and giggling on the floor. Fire Bolt. That is a 13. Done and done. Wait, why? What? (gasps) You motherfucker, Matthew Mercer. We will have words about the rules that exist. Wow. It's dispelled, but the stun still happens? That's some bullshit, Matthew. Whatever you say, but still that's some bullshit. Yeah, it's wasted. On all saving throws? The hit points are phenomenal. Oh no! Come on! Maybe if we offer Taliesin's new character in exchange for our lives, we can get out of this. You know you want to roll a halfling sorcerer, come on! We just destroyed the door. (singing) Welcome back. Wow. I have a joke, I'm going to keep it in my head. This is all going much worse than I intended it to, so I am going to tug on the glove and I'm going to slap it and send out three-- Get him. Beauregard, you're the monk. Scorching Ray, three times on the barbarian. First one is shit. Second is a 15. First is total shit, second is a 15. Third is better than that. That is eight for the first and eight for the second. I have had very bad luck with people's skulls, so I am going to send the fire into her thighs and legs and burn the bottom of her torso and even the center of her being, her stomach, and make it burn in upon itself and harden in blackened crust. That's a 13. That's the first time I did that. First time I did not go into a state. (breathing heavily) Stay alert. We're not done here. Wait for me. Nott, wait for me. Attune to the sword. I will find Nott. Have you done everything that you could here? We all should've drunk more. It is no shame on you. I place my hand on the trapdoor-- The door is locked? I place my hand on the door and I cast Knock. I'm going to walk through and find that trapdoor that I've already seen through Frumpkin's eyes. Yes, please. I back up about 15 feet out of this little cubby. A reach around. Your mother watches this show, right? Is it open? Open it. No. I hold up Frumpkin, I place him on the edge of the trapdoor, and send him scrambling under to look. 15. We learned so much. Last week, Taliesin was hanging like Tom Cruise in a Mission Impossible movie just above the table waiting to drop in, and we all thought it would happen near the end of the episode, but it didn't. It didn't. How does it feel to finally let that little bit of rope cut and be in the game again? I like this guy. I like pink more than purple, if I can say. Yes. I like pink a little more than purple. What I don't like about this is that the asshole was sleeping upstairs and we don't know about that at all, but I send Frumpkin along the ceiling and through-- that looks like a barred gate. I will attempt to send Frumpkin over his head along the ceiling stealthily. Humanoid, that's it? I'm going to keep going and you said roll-- Very good, that is a 19. Yeah, he pauses, he's looking for green or blue or goth. Ja. So would Frumpkin be at the edge of that gate? I rolled a 19 last we checked and that was 20 seconds ago. Do I see this? (popping) There are more people down there. This is the x-factor we spoke about. I saw two down there, correct? Right, but I mean in that last room. And I did not see Lazlo, so he could be upstairs. No, it's Lazlo, I'm pretty sure. (laughter) We do not know that. We know that there is one random shithead and two more beyond that, and I did not see Lorenzo or Lazlo or Larkin. Yeah, he's either behind us or down below. Ja, there were some people in cages, but I did not get a good look at them through my spider's eyes. Here is what I think We have a bit of a bottleneck here at this trapdoor. If they want to come up they have to deal with us, ja? So if the majority of us wait at this trap door and I send my spider upstairs to see what's going on, to see if our friend is up there, we can learn about upstairs, and if anyone pokes their head out of that door they're going to lose it. Let's keep figuring things out. Yeah. Close it quietly, and if anyone has a look around-- Wait, it's true, you look like one of the guys upstairs, you could go down and tell them. But, well, you are putting a lot on the line for people you've just met tonight. Yeah? Simultaneously, Caleb will slap his hand down on Keg's shoulder and send Frumpkin on the ceiling or on the first floor, towards the stairwell at the front of the building. Roll fucking high, Marisha. Oh my god. (cheering) Phil, am I right? Caleb is not here; he is in the spider. Spidering. Frumpkin is still climbing towards the stairwell up and I am computing everything that our druid friend told me about the stairs to see if Big Man is asleep in his room. (singing) So many maps! I tell you what I'm going to do. I'm at the top of these stairs. Boy, it's hard to say because the map is gone, but I think what I will do is I'll drop out of Frumpkin for a moment and I have 30 feet of movement, so I will walk 25 feet towards those stairs. Yeah. Yeah, towards the second floor. Oh wow. If I'm able, I will stand on my own and go back into Frumpkin and wait because he is far ahead of me, Frumpkin, and my friends are mostly behind me, but I'm okay. I can't hear anything. Oh, that's great. Do I feel you next to me? Do I? If I feel the dwarf next to me, I would use a free hand to jam some licorice back into my mouth and start chewing furiously, anxiously. I'm so scared of everything. And cast Haste again, into the dwarf. One minute, ja. I know. You are again on methamphetamines. No, your luck is dead. Oh, you saved it! (inhales) Oh, no! It's a one! That's right. Whatever one you want. (quietly) I don't like it. I have so much murder in my eye right now. What do you mean? Things are really bad in the Mighty Nein when Nott is the soft member of the group. See player characters killed live in Indianapolis! Sumalee. Sam and I were talking about bullshit before the beginning of the game, and I forget the context but he was talking about you and I said, "No, she's never played. She played "one practice game before this," and Sam's brain went (explosion). No no no, we're not. They cut the stream. Tell us about your politics.