Why did we start with a closer, though? They're hidden from all the rest of our views, right? I'm going to start covering distance. We're all watching? I'm going to attempt to do that thing I've seen Beauregard do so many times and foof up my biceps and look intimidating. Yeah. Although, to play devil's advocate, you are right he could change his mind down the line and try to get revenge on you or your mother. I'm also curious to know what he is doing down here in the first place. I would like to throw my hat in the ring to say that I think he might need to die here, ja. Just put a pin in it and see what we find out here. Period. Tortles wear skorts. Well, Herr Clay, do you need healing? Yeah, what about yourself? I could use some, I don't know if you are sharing? On the count of three. One, two-- Let's just sit here until it's Crash Pandas tomorrow. Spam it. Fjord, ask him if knowledge of that water creature that was here and is gone now, if that is known all the way to the top, or is it his bag, or-- Ja, and I send Frumpkin, who's holding his breath schlooping up on top of his chest. He's hungry, and so am I. (laughter) Ja, and what happens to the commerce in the city now that you have fucked that up? Frumpkin starts to lovingly gnaw with his beak on the upper chin of Algar. I have a cloak. No, it's a beak. I take a good long look at it. Great, now I have to remember that as well. It's in. Is it in? And rifle through the papers on the desk. Do you still look like him? I don't know, did I find anything? Ja, okay. Ooh, ten. Are you right-handed or left-handed? But two hours ago, were you right-handed or left-handed? It's very sad. So sad that he had to sit down and write a letter about how he had to leave the city and how he had to free the creature beneath the city because it was so wrong-- He's leaving. I was joking, I said Glintshore. Lay out on the glass. I hear Opash has a sweet Airbnb on an island. "I'm sick of you people pushing me around--" It's maybe-- it's gilding the lily, perhaps. Lots of middle fingers, you'll never catch me alive, your city is shit. We can take care of the guards. A water creature? It's like a remote control car that spins. Yeah we're still in the office, are we not? While Jester is writing, I would like to flip this office for anything of value. Oh, just the papers? Excellent. Draft number two. If you were fleeing in terror, would you stop to write a letter? But he was the one that had all the sailor tricks to get the boat! I agree with you, Jester, I think we should stick with "Go fuck yourself." Maybe something like, choke upon your woe. Or eat fecal matters. Take a hit of the dodec. Did you roll twice? Angry writer. Are we now Bane? That's unclear at this point, isn't it? Do you have that letter, by the way? Who has that? The letter that mentions Marius LePual. Caleb would've remembered that, too. I don't, though. I am very interested in that tower, but I would love to ask some more questions around town before assailing it. Have I ever read about anything like this? A building that seems to shift in size. Ten. Okay. Don't look at me. Oh, it's fascinating. We learned that whoever owns this place owns the district, isn't that correct? So someone in this district probably knows something about the person who owns the district. Yeah? Correct. Well, there was no marking for a tower. No idea. Just raw intelligence? That is a 16. That diagram wasn't elaborate enough for me to know the answer to that. I spiffed up my clothing again, as well. This one's name is Bluute? Not Bluute, but Bluude? With a D, okay. Oh, so we're no longer with Marion? Okay. You know, I had the same thought. Really, either she believes Jester and no big deal, or she doesn't believe Jester and knows that it's taken care of. Jester feels like that perhaps she is imposing, bringing all of us here, and we are trying to convince her that that is silly. Frau Lavorre, you have such a lovely daughter. She's so charming and such a spitfire. It has been such a pleasure to get to know her. I've been curious for weeks now, almost months-- I think it's been almost months-- what she was like as a child, because she's such a joy now. So she was always a prankster. Caleb summons Frumpkin the octopus and I rub his head like a Bond villain, staring at Beau. Perhaps Nugget could live here and you could visit him when you come home. Third time's the charm. We're fucking Hermione Granger up in this shit. Did Orly say specific docks? Yes. Yes. We've got lamplight on the streets to varying degree. Wise as fuck. Episode 30 something. Yeah. While all that was happening I'm halfway through, as a ritual spell, casting Find Familiar so I can change Frumpkin to something else. I'll tell you in a minute. Sorry, Laura. Because Caleb is on the ground going-- Also, has ten minutes gone by? You didn't correct me, but I said while Nott was foofing around, so some time passed. Five, ten didn't, but you're the DM. I know that I am so close to the end of the spell and I am going to push through. Ja? Matt, before you run off for the thing, can you describe as Caleb shakes his head out of what he was doing, what do I see? I haven't paid attention to any of that. It's going to all be in front of me? I love this game. Belly-flop, shitty dolphin, Masterpiece Theatre. Whoa! Holy fuck, this is the best map you've ever made! I assume Find Familiar has fizzled? It's a good thing we rested up and waited until the following night, though. Spraying_mantis would fit in at our table. Zwölf. 12. Madness! Tell us about your patron, Fjord. (laughter) Come on, Fjordy. (groans) Yes, he's puffy pants. On brand. I think I cast Mage Armor before going down to the Sluice, but how much later is it? Is it beyond eight hours? Well, I'll cast Shield. So they miss. Yeah, okay. I start moving my hand in an arcane motion and I reach back at that building over to my side there, and a crate full of food, a wooden crate, starts to jiggle and rockets through the air at the held fool in front of Beauregard. I'm casting Catapult at third level. He automatically fails his dex save because he is paralyzed. 5d8. A couple things. 30 points of damage. That's a transmutation spell, so I can shuttle a little bit of arcane energy into my Transmuter's Stone, and I'm going to change its property from dark vision into advantage on concentration checks. I'm going to back the fuck up towards that house, as far as I can go. Yeah. There's five people we can see, one dude in the boat down below. Sentinel babes. She's going to carve him like a Thanksgiving turkey. Another layer of insanity. Come on, monk. Come on, M! Aw, you didn't come on. Pretty harsh woman. Whatever Mama wants, Mama gets. Just look through our 2000 rules here, wait a second. Do you resurrect him? (Eeyore voice) I guess. (as Eeyore) It doesn't matter anyway. Yes, it was. That was a good move. Okay, so factoring in a couple of things. One is that I see my friend Beauregard getting hammered on by them, which I do not like. Also, I heard some voice from the boat yell out, "Burn "it," so out comes the bat guano and sulfur, and slap, and a beam rockets out, 150-foot range, to about here, and erupts. Yeah, Vox Machina is gone. The point is to get it to a range where I know that it's not going to affect them on the dock. It's going to hit the boat. Yeah, absolutely. What am I, a surgeon? I have a 3rd-level spell because I used arcane recovery back at the chateau. I also took a poop while at the chateau, but I thought I didn't-- 27. I will use my movement to step around the corner of the house and I will begin to count to 20 slowly in Zemnian to calm my nerves. I don't know if Caleb is a firebug, or if I am. They're still standing. The guy came out and said, "Burn all the slaves"? Get it, girl. Oh! Those are two bad dice rolls. Fjord pulls out the big guns. Master plan, here it is. Fuck yeah. Bone it. She's back. 24. No, 23. We just flip this. We're going to jack this fucking boat and get out of here. Ladies and gentlemen. (laughter) Life is disappointing, eh? Way far away. No you won't. No you won't. Okay, I see which way the wind is blowing. I mutter a few arcane words and I cast the spell Expeditious Retreat, which is a transmutation spell so I will also send a little bit of arcane energy to the Transmutation stone to give myself extra speed as well. I can use my action, my movement, and my bonus action to move full movement at 40. So, Vax is back. I am now on the boat. Transmutation spell gets my movement up to 40. Right. (laughs roguishly) Action, movement, plus now Expeditious Retreat is a bonus action. 40 plus 40 plus 40? A red blur goes (zooming sound) and I am standing next to Beauregard on the boat. Are we stealing the boat? Way to build that tension. Into the abyss. Oh man, all in one movement? That's-- Vox Machina is dead, long live Vox Machina. Yeah, oh man. Sure, but this is our MO. Hey Matt, that white ring is just leftovers, right? My turn? I give the Glove of Blasting a good tug and I send three arcs of fire up into the air, and they spiral around each other and crash down onto the dock about five to ten feet behind that illusion, and blast into the dock. That's a 24. Okay. (gasps) Second's a natural one! Other one is way high, natural 17. Low rolls. 12 damage. Okay, I will use my movement to (zip) inside the boat. Can I use a cantrip? Oh no I don't, never mind. Never mind. Getting the hang of it. Good good good. Done. Fuck those idiots. (as Caduceus) That was interesting. That was really great. Frumpkin is not there. Ja I rub a bit of honey across my lip and say, "Mein Freund, I suggest you throw down your weapons and lie under that desk, just for your safety," and I cast Suggestion. I would like to use movement to zip up to the top and look around. You mean climbing under the desk? I use my movement to zip up and look around and my bonus action to zip back down into the boat. Possibly burning. He's got the cardboard arrow, spinning it. Is he Kaiju-sized? Who could have predicted this? [music] Marius is just standing there, held by a goblin, going, "Ah!" "Oh, you want this seafaring knowledge? What can you give me?" That's a bad idea. Did he just break it, is that what Caleb saw? He's got to do it. Right. I just want to clarify. I thought that I had told him to throw down his weapons and hide under the desk for his safety. That's not an ongoing thing? But you don't go down and then immediately stand up and get out again, do you? Oh, he saved from the spell? Hiding under the table for six seconds is a shitty job at hiding, but okay. Okay, that's fine. I have to totally rethink everything, so give me ten seconds. I will use my action to run forward and, with the edges of my coat, put out the burning papers. Do I see anything? As I'm doing this, yeah, if I'm looking at it. Okay, that's it, I'm done. I would say that probably what I would've done, not knowing any of that, is zip up to go up and then see if the door is shut and go-- and that's the end of my turn. A mage. Yeah, I was casting Find Familiar. So brave. There's torches, for now. 40 feet off the dock. Wow, Fjord. Look at that old fucker out there. Oh, it's that kind of city. You assume I'm down there, I guess. Yeah. I turn to the guy who-- he picked up his weapons by now? Yeah, okay, I reach out and use Catapult, and a drawer pulls out of the desk and slams into the back of his head. Dex save for that. Okay, it's a failure, so that is 3d8. 17 points of bludgeoning damage. (arrow noise) I am standing next to Fjord and Beau. Feels good, man. He's the only one having a worse day than us. (old man voice) Hey! A miracle. Heroes. Oh my goodness. Okay. I will go down after Jester and stand behind her to see what the situation is with my movement. Oh goodness. I don't want to set the-- I say, "Hey! Why don't you put down that weapon and let's talk about this?" and I cast Friends, which would be a disadvantage, I'm sure. You have advantage on all charisma checks. Yeah, so It's very dangerous. You're going to die, probably sooner rather than later unless you want to talk shop. Persuasion with disadvantage? Straight? Seven. Shit. That's persuasion, ten. I don't want to burn with the boat. This is fucking fun. Stress of the moment. That's all we know is his name. What were you doing on the docks this evening? I would like to point out that you're trapped on this boat with us. Tomorrow my blue friend is going to, if we need to, cast a spell on you and make you tell us everything we want to know. Why waste that time? 21. Her reputation keeps her from coming in. What is her reputation? That is a good question. What can you cook? That's interesting. No. Maybe you'll earn your way to that, we'll see. We did not know about Avantika or her ship. We didn't know anything about her. Caleb's heading down to start searching. We're like a quarter of a mile out to sea. Yeah, it was so much fun. Nicodranas!