I am so happy! I had a fur blog in the early 2000s. I know! I backed that shit! I didn't realize when we were trying to save your voice box in the game at Gen Con, that that was part of a running inside joke. Can we get a show of hands for everyone who got max HP this level-up? Fuck you, and you, and fuck you, and especially fuck you. Jeez, get off my back, Mom! Seeing Beau go in ahead of me, still sitting on the table, I mutter a word and cast Knock and the manacles fall away. Jester. No, we are sorry. We tried our best, but it wasn't good enough. We should be sure. We need to give the house the once-over. Make sure there is nobody left. We agreed to clear this house of everything. And we learn for the future this won't happen again. You understand me? Kind of a moot point at this moment. Oh. Group effort. TRAVIS. Sure it was. Nott. Thanks. Too long. Laslo has jumped bodies. Let's go rob them blind. I will hang out with her while you guys go check the house. Please bring me any books. I will sit with her. Short rest! We've heard that before. Blue ink (puffing). I was waiting for the right moment to give it back. You find him-- while they were gone, Caleb, holding the huge slash on his chest together, and the coat is ripped, laid down next to Yasha, looking at the ceiling. After a long moment of silence, said Oh, that's quite a day, ja? I'm sorry we weren't faster. Caleb would know how many they've seen. Nein? Are we all in the same room at this point? I have a-- Never mind, I'll tell you tomorrow. This is-- Oh! I have been carrying this for you. I know. Looks better on you. No, I didn't think-- Thank you. Yep. Oh, now? Who has it? Okay, book out and on the floor and start tracing the symbols on the floor and give me ten minutes. Blood pudding. Mmm, coffee. Hmm? Oh, Identify. You guys know what this is! This is a bottomless bag. It can hold a lot, though. It can hold a lot. More than-- Yeah. Who wants it? Yeah. Tradition. What are we doing? Are we staying here, or are we hitting the road? Badass, what do you want to do? Are we staying here, or are we hitting the road? Well, I don't always look great, but point taken. That's a good idea. I have a surprise for you all. (shushing) (groaning) Oh, shit. Yeah, take all the hidden goodies inside. It's a piñata. Yer a wizard, Harry! We are dumbasses. Caleb is doing the silver wire while that happens. It's a cantaloupe. Excuse me just a moment, I'm sorry. Does anyone have a glass bead? Just a glass bead cheap, doesn't matter. You have fifty rings; do you have a glass bead? Necklaces, anything? Do you wear a glass bead on you? Do you have a bead? Your rings, do any of them have just a glass-- are they costume jewelry? He pries it-- He's not very good at it. Yeah, okay, good. Throws the ring away. As you were. Then he starts muttering again and walking around the circle that the silver wire makes. Caleb is not paying attention to anything going on. He's muttering and walking in circles. Everybody hears some muttering behind them of words they don't understand, and then they hear Caleb say Huaah! A large bubble goes (voom) in the entire entryway, and there is a giant half-dome of pale, orangish-brown energy; and then you just see Caleb's head go "Hey, look what I "made!" (whoosh) (shouting) Ja! Only you! No, you walk in and as soon as you're in and look back where you came, you don't see what you walked through, you just see the room and everybody around it. (whispering) They can all come in, but be quiet. Hello. Probably. Yeah, you can't see us, but we can see you. I've been working on this for weeks. You can come in. I pull Fjord in. So the idea behind this is that if we sleep in a field or something, nobody's going to come and take us off to be tortured in the night. We can go through it, you can go through it, I can go through it-- well, I have to stay inside it, but (chair squeaks) excuse me. I have bigger ideas for a big place, but I can't... But this I can do! A yurt. It feels like outside, but, you know. Also, if we're ever in a tight spot and we know something-- I don't know if I'm looking at Laura or Jester-- if we're ever in a tight spot, I can also do this if we are in real danger. That's a little tricky because it takes some time to do it. Like a hundred feet up, I think. I couldn't make any furniture yet. But anyway, in a pinch, and tonight. And the alarm is up. It's been done, Nott. Of course. I can't make a side bubble, so-- I don't mean to intrude, but what you said-- That's a lot. I will spend the next hour or so before bed going through every single thing slowly and methodically with my spellbook. And that gem that you had, Beauregard. The red gem. Leave me alone, I'm reading. This has great power. It's a meat hook. Is this what Yasha had on her? Yeah. No, we're good. This potion will give you a silver tongue for an hour or so. Yeah, like this one over here. Or made this one inhuman. I'll come back to this. This is the manacles Yasha had on her when we found her. This is strange, you put them on a person and someone like me, maybe Fjord, could make that person fall asleep for at least a day. Well, now we have it. Nothing. I pocket it. What is it? How big is it? (southern accent) I was thinking oversized handcuffs, but nevermind. You got that. You can have this, this is a gem that can summon a creature of fire. Yeah. That is amazing. That is powerful. It's not my thing. Not me and me alone. I'm good. Is it? Ooh. Yeah. Sleep until the afternoon. We all saw this? You just see a windmill of legs. I go outside and get some fresh air and see what I see. 17. Are they deep, heavy dwarf footprints? I rub my thumb along the lucky rock in my pocket, and smile at the snow and think about playing in it when I was younger, and go inside to wake up anyone who's still sleeping. Cling clang, clung clung! Name is spelled wrong, too. A charmed bracelet of dwarvenkind? Just gets a little bit of stubble. Amazing. Just give it to me. (muttering) That is magical, in that it is very finely crafted. But it doesn't do anything expect cut me across the chest quite deeply. We have a long way to walk, so is that what we're doing? But also we should go back to Ophelia Mardun. No, it is true. The money meant fuck all. No, that is incorrect. I would like my share of the platinum to be sure. Any coin that we found, please. What is east? Are we going to go to Ophelia first and then to Mollymauk, or? He's in the fields. Just give me ten goddamn minutes. Identify the cart. How does it work? Also, how long was the ride from Shady Creek to this compound? Like three or four hours? Oh, so slower by cart because-- Ja. But worth it. I'll sit up front. We're on the cart. No snaps for that one! I feel like Lorenzo had his way with me just now. Nice try, Foster. The reason we're not overflowing with "Happy Birthday" joy and radiance is because we also have a cold, dead, fury that she's not at the table. Come back. Remain inconspicuous, you mean in the open, not hidden by the illusion of the cart? Just a Jesus fish. I look like a peasant, I'll stay put. Good evening. Good day. Good afternoon. We are expected by Miss Mardun. Very well. True. I know this cart like the back of my hand, and if one inch of it is touched, I will know. Well, as I said on our previous meeting, we have vetted appropriate people for the task at hand, which has been completed. That is all you need to know. Everyone other than the common folk that they had taken away have been put to the blade or burnt to cinders. You know the one who wields that weapon? This one broke his jaw almost off of his face, and then his skull was burned to ash. We murdered everyone in that house who was not a farmer. It is empty. Natural 20. We are amenable. That is just fine. There are more of us waiting a ways away. We have three more, drei. Well, we have come with our own means of transportation. We can travel with you. (clears throat) You could keep some of those puns in your head, you know. Well, the job is the job. We will be watching our own backs regardless, but the job is the job. That's not too much to ask. Boy, I wonder how long before Ophelia's ready to go. This is the sticks, right? I think that everyone in this town is dangerous, so eyes wide open. Do you spend time in the-- no, you have been alone-- It still stands it's pretty shitty. He's been living in a cemetery-- Exclusively for a number of years. Still a cemetery, though. It's strong at first, but-- Yes, but you get used to it and it mellows the longer you're around him. It has not been that long since I took a shower. I don't know why this running gag is continuing. Of course, Quinn. We need our cart to be driven-- In the two carriages? Just hers? I will enter the second carriage, if they are looking for people. I think perhaps we are the intermediaries here. Why don't you ride with me? No, not at all. Cut them loose. She's missing a lot of context on that sentence. Got to keep Mamma Mia. MARISHA, TALIESIN, and Can I interject for a second? Since this is a lot of time that's passing, and it's just Beauregard and I in this carriage, can I, as a ritual spell, cast Detect Magic and check out the cart around us? Are you whispering to me through the doorway or-- Ja (dying sound) Excuse me. Once we're past the border, and time has passed, and the two Empire kids are sitting alone in this carriage. Caleb, staring out the window not even looking at Beauregard Beauregard? Who are you? You know an awful lot about me now. You are not some (sigh) youth throwing themselves on drink, as you tried to claim when we first met. You are clearly tied to something greater than that. You are not some fuck-up. Who are you? That's a separate issue. We're very different, but not completely. I would feel a little safer if I knew a little more about you. Okay. Her or you? Right. Why are you out here in the wastelands? Now you what? You want to follow the orders of the Cobalt Soul? You want to do whatever they ask you to do? Or something you want to do? Why are you running around with criminals? And me? This is all orders you are following? Okay. So a little bit of official business. A little bit of your own personal axe to grind. (repeating) Ja. Danke. No. (exaggerated) Cool. (high pitched) I'm alive, I'm happy! Yes. I pull out my own wire and I aim towards Ophelia and say Miss Denzala, we require a few moments on the side of the road here. Ja, ten, 20 minutes. Nothing more. Caleb scoops Nott up out of the cart that she's in, and we watch from a distance. What time of day is it? He tried to get to your side. He tried very hard. Knowing how young Nott is, I hold her closer and rest her head on my shoulder and walk away from this very painful thing to look at. Come, everyone. Molly wanted us to keep living. Back in the carts. There is always a cost. I don't know, but Caleb would know it exactly. Also, since we spent so much time in those carriages, I would have spent a full day with my lucky rock that I found, and those ideas I had have come to fruition. I have set it just so. I have Luck again. I got a new feat. Cheers. Never again. Yeah, but hold on. Also rewind. Seven or eight days on the road, how much money do we all have? 163? Not as much as I wanted. Of course she did. Actions. Spell. Equipment and then touch on the icons of the coins in D&D Beyond. No, of course not. The internet's full of troublemakers. But it's all platinum. Right? He might. We all have roughly 30-something platinum. Detective! We don't doubt you, Matt. We don't doubt you. I know you don't sleep. I know you stare at a computer monitor and think up numbers for us non-stop. (robotic voice) It's all good. "These pretzels are making me thirsty." It's a phrase. "I'd like to offer many gifts." Bitches. Yeah, of course. 3250 gold, it's platinum plus gold, around 600 platinum pieces times five. Times ten? Even better. Hundred silver, y'all. What are you interested in? Well, but still, what are you interested in? I'm sure they have a lot of tea blends here in Zadash. You had three cups, so you need (counting). (whispering) Secrets. Man, your schlocky bit is great and all, but it is really good to have you two at the table again. It'd only be better if Ashley was here, but it is really good to have you two back. Fucking for real. Ja, okay, as you were. That is correct. He had his own business to attend to. We parted ways. Natural 20. Thanks, Matt Colville! It didn't end well. It seems doubtful, but ja, if we see him again, rest assured. I'm going to plonk down in front of Fjord, just for a minute, after everybody's milling about for a while. This may be the alcohol-- it's the alcohol. Raise a glass, you two assholes. Here is to fucking making it work. Congratulations on being alive. TRAVIS and You cannot blame yourself when you are taken advantage of. You know what I mean? No, and we're never going to forget it. It's going to ride with us until we're dead. Yeah, those things don't go away. You carry that shit with you. Just Sixteen Candles-ing it. I think it is an act. I think it is an act. No, she has a lot of-- she's an amazing woman, but talent is different than happiness, I guess. Well, she's very drunk. Yeah. Mr. Clay, have a seat. Drop a deuce. I mean, it's well-natured, though. You can't properly be part of civilization until you've gotten shit-faced and thrown up. Bit of a little side conversation. I slap down the rest of my Goldschläger. No. You, have some more. You will dance better, ja. You have just survived death! I understand that, but we are dancing along the razor's edge of death, so, you know, I feel like you should embrace the morbidity of life. You definitely do not have to. Definitely don't have to. MARISHA and Don't drink it, whatever you do. You are supposed to not drink that-- Ja. Are we talking when you were a little girl with the--? I don't think so. Look at her biceps, they're quite large. There's no reason to be afraid of anything. Nevermind. Do you know what, we are all just happy to be alive. It was just the spirit of the moment. I don't mean to pressure you. You know, hold on a second. Grab your milk. Everybody raise a glass. LAURA and No. (laughter) That's ironic. Fjord, you want to go shopping this week, yeah? What would you like? What kind of swords would you like to eat this week? Would you like to eat like a sai? Like, you know, like Raphael's weapon? Or would you like to have, maybe-- He's a bard from-- Yeah, what could we put into his mouth? This is all out of character, I don't know any of this stuff, but I would like to talk to Travis about swallowing whole, long swords. Yeah, keep telling yourself that, big guy. Fuckable cantaloupe. May I have a look at that? Oh, Keen Mind. Yeah, he started sweating out of nervousness. You think so? He is laying it on thick. Well, I will trust you, because you are-- I'm going to quit while I'm ahead. Yeah? I say this with the utmost gravity. I have no interest in your sex life. Do you believe me? Insight check me. (sighs) You're a good friend. We're going to Florida! Every 50th episode, Critical Role has to have a drunken bar night. It's in a contract somewhere. Come on. Be like water. Yeah, I drunkenly form the Goblight! Caduceus Clay! We are your destiny! I'm going to do so much! Oh, man, that's great. All my spell books and scrolls will be converted in the next week! Huzzah! Are you sure we can't play for another seven hours tonight? Just this once? Just one ten-hour Critical Role episode? So you're saying there's a chance.