Raving about it. It's only been out for five seconds, and everyone's gaga. That made me uncomfortable so fast. Are you pre-rolling your goddamn dice now? They might have some sort of edict written by Prucine. We will decide who goes in. I also want to discuss what exactly we are going to forge before we go in, because the plan that they laid out for us was not good. Scheisse is a word for it, but they talked about making it look like Sutan had broken into Prucine's home and rolled it. I don't know what effect that would have on her, so I think maybe we hatch some sort of conspiracy between the two of them to assassinate Orentha, so we will go to Sutan's house and we will leave-- Follow me please, for a moment. We have to do our homework first, but after we do homework, we go to Sutan's, we find this seal, we hold onto it. We leave fake communication that you will write that is from the High-Richter, calling for a hit. You have stolen mail. You can do it again. Did not care about your buttons. The goal to be that we leave something in Sutan's house that would make it seem that the High-Richter has ordered a hit on Orentha and we leave something behind in Sutan's house fake communications with the Myriad. So we tie Sutan to the Myriad, we tie Sutan to Richter, and then at Richter's house, we leave forged documents, we have a letter from Sutan with the seal, and also we leave communication with the Knights, whatsit-- Also, they will put out of businesses, if possible, they have some sort of paperwork that would come from the desk of the High-Richter. That's another thing-- and we can table this-- but there is also the possibility that this is all just a honey trap, and that we’re being drawn in for as big a fish than the Knights are themselves. Well, I think that they think they are looking for potentially big fish. I'm not saying that we are big fish. But we might be walking into a trap, so eyes on a swivel, is all I’m saying. Potentially, or any of them. Ulog seems the shiftiest, but that doesn't mean that he would necessarily be-- You two have been speaking to them the longest. You are a good talker, Fjord. No, that's not it. A peacock is a fancy pet. What happens if a pigeon goes by? (laughter) (spell noises) (drawl) You're just a little feller, you oughtn’t talk like that. Yeah, but actually do you think you could go back and say that you forgot to ask a question? I understand that these two are really busting your balls, and I commiserate with that, but we do need in fact to ask. Okay, well, we checked that box off, so now we have to get to work. Knotts Berry Farm. I will go to Sutan's. No, the elder, I'm sorry. Not without you. You'll come with me? Well how do you want to do it? Okay. (shiftily) You need some some ball bearings man? You die. (coo) Haversack (coo). CrossFit T-shirt. I don't think we want the group to be too big. Let these two handle this Ren and you and I will wait at the Leaky Tap and lay low. We don't want to create-- why do we want a group-- No, we're going to break into houses together. Of course I'm willing to do this. I just feel like for this-- what are you planning to do? Yeah, okay. No it's fine. No I-- my head is not in the game. We'll go along. Yeah, well, we could send Frumpkin to have a look around. I send Frumpkin. He will run around the entire building, if he's able. He's also able to climb things, so I will get him up on top of window sills, if he can, to take a look inside. Is there the ability for Frumpkin to move around to the exact opposite side of this building? Yeah, he will jump up to any windowsill on the back of the house as well. Yeah, did you say this was a one story building? Five to ten minutes of hopping from ground to window a bunch of times, all I find are patient rooms. No sort of office or anything else? One last thing, how high is the roof? Fjord, come here. Scooch down for a second, and I jump up onto-- I've taken my vision back-- I jump up onto his back. Now, stand up! Okay. I snap at Frumpkin, and he vanishes, and I reach out, and Frumpkin appears. I am now within ten feet, I would assume, of the top of the building, so Frumpkin is on the roof. (teleportation noise) I want to send him to look-- Then I hop down off of Ford and put my hand and steady myself on Fjord and have Frumpkin look for any holes in the roof, or if there's a skylight, or anything. Probably not, but it's worth a try. Okay, I call him back. Then I (snaps fingers). And then he's on my shoulder. Yeah, cats are the best. I don't know, there's a trap door up there, but, I mean, we're not going in. Well done there, yeah. What do we want to do? This place is full of sick people. Yeah. And if we're going in, what do we do? We could have one of us be ill perhaps. Yeah. A better idea, perhaps, is for one of-- You're able to disguise yourself, right? There's three of us, that we can all disguise ourselves. I can make myself look like like a sick person. Well, you can make yourself look like you, but with not green skin. There is some sort of trapdoor in the center of that building that I don't think is mirrored by any of the rooms that I was able to see on the outside of the building. So it's like a donut with a hole in the middle, is where, maybe, what you're looking for. Yeah. Ruckus, you and I go in. Couldn't you maybe act like-- Could you be a sick tiefling? When we go in, we don't walk in just you and me. We do Mother's Love. Just in case. Yeah, show us the goods. What did you do to yourself? Oh! I will have Jester sketch it out and we will have it forever. We're going to hang back. Is there a nook or an alley within view of this? Can we go half a block away? Yeah, that's fine for the moment. For the moment, yeah. Get ready, we're going to do Mother's Love. We're going to watch them at the door. The ruckus is audible all the way down the block, so I turn myself into a half-orc woman and pick up Nott like my baby and put her head on my shoulder and start walking towards the building. We peer in the door. What is going on in this room at this point? We are going to go between them like Noah through the water. Oh, that's the wrong -- Moses, yeah. There's vomit and eggs everywhere! I will take the left one if the clerk went down the right side. (crying) Frumpkin appears on the back of the guy's neck and starts tearing in. Oh, my gosh, for a cat? I mean, it's a 13 plus I don't know what. Starts clawing. One? Is there enough chaos for us to step into one of these open rooms and shut the door behind us? Look for an empty room. Or is every room in the house full? I go in and shut the door behind us. A one. Yeah, but he's in the office. We don't know. That's a no, we're working together. We're trying to work together with people. No, we have to get all of us out of here, which is more important than finding this asshole in the building. What do we do, what do we do? That seems extreme at this moment. Let's go. Out we go. I wasn't saying that, but I don't mind. No, but we'll go down the hall towards the front of the building to look for, I would assume, Fjord and Molly at this point. Is Fjord alone in this room? I turn and show him Nott. (soft voice) Fever. She has a fever. Wait, so who’s where outside? Pointing at us? Okay. (groans) That still seems extreme. We should just book it. Only a ten for me. I think I was imagining a small mom-and-pop place with two physicians, but like 50 people in white coats came out-- I think it was more like 72, Matt, let’s be honest. Oh, that only took five minutes to go that bad. That’s true, it came very close. So you looked at the house and then you went shopping? Tight, that’s tight. Not my face. Yeah, agreed. In hospitals, you see all nature of people. No, there was not a lot of-- There was not a lot of talking, in fact. Well, it could add credibility to the tapestry that we’re trying to weave here. The goal is still to get into Sutan elder’s home and get this seal. Within the writings that we forge we could include some by the junior Sutan, so that would add some credibility to what we’re doing. We still have to figure out what we are going to-- if we are starting at Sutan’s house, then… We don’t have any writing of the High-Richter’s; we are either trying to focus on finding that somehow or, going on what you were discussing which is creating the appearance of an underling, or a for-hire of the High-Richter’s, or some kind of code saying that they are communicating with Sutan elder on behalf of the High-Richter, yeah? Experience as a what? We want to put information in Sutan’s house-- elder-- right? We could have some sort of writing that is not from the High-Richter, but that says “H-R would prefer the plans to go into motion--" I propose that we make it seem like Sutan and the High-Richter were conspiring to have Orentha killed. So we have a note put into Sutan’s house that says “On behalf--” from an intermediary, “On behalf of HR, wants the plan to go into motion immediately and that Orentha will be out for the festival tonight. The Big O. That is good. Then we plant that in Sutan elder’s house when we successfully, quietly break in. Well, it’s an intermediary, so does not have to look-- This letter perhaps on its own is not enough, but with the seal, if we have a matching letter planted in HR’s home-- Keep your writing very plain. Not immensely charming-- No, I mean not charming, like the way you speak. No. No. Yeah, that’s good. “HR would like the plan to be moved forward.” “The plan is moving up to tomorrow night, at the festival.” “The moment has come, and it is time for us to seize it.” To chase it away. We don’t want a dead dog. Yeah. Frumpkin can do that very well. Also, sausages are very inexpensive, so we have that as a Plan B. Are they private guards, though, or are they crownsguard? MARISHA and Do you know what, Nott, if you want-- one idea, if you want to help, is you can also write a note in your Thieves’ Cant. It should be vague on details, but a message from the Myriad. Or don’t even get that specific, but write, in Thieves’ Cant, a note saying that everything is in place for the festival. No, but I think we should go back to the hospital one more time. Is he at the hospital? Where did you get these items? Under the Leaky Tap? And you found? You found a skeleton? You found a dead person? Yeah, but it's not really typical to keep a dead-- like a skeleton in your basement. Well, that's a topic for the group. We're staying in an inn where there was a dead person. Yeah, that's worse. That's not better, that's worse. Okay, well, that's somewhat unsettling, but show me these items that you have. I place them down on the bed and go through the process of casting Identify on them. It takes about ten minutes. You should sell these. These are not little and adorable like buttons. Do you want to wear them? Well, you could. What-- Are they huge for a goblin’s little wrists? Maybe your ankle or calf, you could put them on. Or sell them and then you could put them to use. I'm still a little disturbed that there's a dead person under this inn that we're in right now. Well, I take your word for it, that it's there. I don't need to go poking about. Well, it is a spell that I learned when I was-- You could potentially learn this as well. Of course! If you apply yourself-- How do you mean-- I'm not very strong, Nott. I do have things that I want to do with my life, and I mean to apply myself and study, and find knowledge. Ja. That is the best way to do that. For anyone. That seems like an abstract question. There are certainly very useful things that can be found in this world. You never know. Are you okay? Well, thank you, friend. Well, maybe we go to bed and tomorrow we don't tear the roof down off of every building we go into again, yeah? So I take out my silver thread and I start casting the Alarm spell on our room before bed, and then I go to bed. Mess with the bull, get the horns. Yeah, and if you are actually in the dark, you can't tell the difference, and if you're in the light you look like a ninja, so I think we're good, maybe. Yeah, in a pinch. A lot is riding on Sutan and the High-Richter going to this festival. That's it, that's all. (laughter) No, it's just pessimism. Well, I worry that if we break into Sutan's house and stuff a bunch of letters there, but the High-Richter stays in with a tummy ache, then it all falls apart. Yeah, lead the way, I'll be the caboose. I’ll pick up some sausages. Oh, just the one string of them. Four or five. Two strings in case. (laughter) Okay, put it down on the ground. Ah, well, then use a hearth fire or something, because I will probably put that into flames. Also, alternatively, would we want maybe something instead that said that "the Knights are ready for this evening’s pursuits, and they’re to support any endeavors as needed, great High-Richter. It is time for change." Yes, the two together, but I worry that just the one piece, she could have written it down on a list of things she does not like, it's not very conclusive. But the two together. Have you written your letter in your thieves’ thingy that you do? That's in Sutan's place. Good, we want to tie Sutan to the Myriad, and High-Richter to the Knights, and High-Richter and Sutan together. That's the plan. Yes, to take that seat. To enact the change that the people need. Did we get paid in advance, by the way? Did we get half of it, even? We should also-- you're invisible. We should also discuss who's going in, who's outside, how we are tackling each house. How does it work? Then you're right, you should go in. Nott, you should go in, because you're going to pick locks, ja? If anything is locked. I strongly believe that I should go in as well, because these are two very wealthy, powerful people, and there could be magical-- Only if that is, you know, easy to do. And the sausage, just in case. Regardless, even if this goes belly-up, we just disappear. You know, we have no ties to this, we walk away, yeah? We just get out with our skins, even if things go as badly as they did at the hospital, and then we go, we just walk away. Oh also, Frumpkin is up here in my sort of scarf position, and I bring him down in my lap, and I take the sausages out, and I sort of like knead one of the sausages in my hand a bit, and I say, you know, I'm sorry, but the next time that you go off to your pocket place and come back, this will be gone. And I start squishing sausage grease into his hair, and rubbing it down his back so that he smells like sausage. I love you very much, so thank you for this, okay? Some other time, perhaps. Eight. I send Frumpkin screeching away from us, up the street, clattering into anything. Yeah, out of the sewer, yeah. I pop him back up. Caleb appears at the sewer like Pennywise the Clown. I held back two minutes to let Frumpkin quietly come back. Can I insight check him? Just get a feel for that. That is 17. Guys, it’s Larkin. May I also do the same thing? No, no good. Eight. This is a lot of people. I rolled well. 17. I’m sorry. Can you set the scene? Two guards at one end and one at the other? And it’s like corner-corner or front and back or…? Okay. The guard with the dog is within this perimeter of fence? To the front side of the home. Maybe temporary though. Yeah, but what about our exit? Because we have to come back out. No, no, we worry about that now. I don’t like being stuck in there though. Also, I have another question. How far from the fence to the home? Five feet only. I’m rethinking. If Frumpkin gets away from this dog in the beginning, he can run outside the fence and he will not be far from me. I can stay in touch with him, so when it’s time to leave I can have Frumpkin reenter the yard and create mayhem a second time. We might not, but if we have no other option and we’re trying to get out and there’s guards in both places, Frumpkin can come in and create mayhem again. Anyway, just an option. He's just a cat. A natural sound. How's the weather; is it clear or grey? Well, she's got to get up there first. She didn't roll that good. 17. Frumpkin is pacing back and forth just outside the fence. She is really cool. Only, Frumpkin is down at the bottom of the tree. He runs around and-- Yeah. I think-- Wait, hold on. Is there entry through the roof? We can't see from here? A chimney stack? We're not Santa Claus! I'm sending Frumpkin now, okay? Where are they in relation to us too, by the way? I want to know if you're within view of the guard with the dog's initial position. So what I would do is also, once we're in position on the roof, is I would tell Frumpkin to back off away from that dog, out of vision, and wait a few minutes, because he's within a hundred feet of me. If so, we're good. Tell him to find Molly, and sit with Molly. He'll always listen to me, but I'm also sending him the command to listen to Molly, if need be. You don't know that. But, still. What were you saying? I did not hear you. Yeah, good, we covered-- If we do the shingles, how do we cover them up when we leave? We're trying to leave no trace. I have a dagger. No, get them. Get them. Look out, giant red dragons. I drop in after Beauregard and I cast Detect Magic immediately. 30 feet. You know, we want to be efficient here. Quick. Yes, save more time to doing so. Let's start moving. And you’re looking for bad physical things. What's the light situation like in here? Yeah. Hells yes. Okay. Do I know the school of magic? There's no magical aura from those at all? Those are separate. You're not saying. Okay. The spell says I know the school of magic for what's on these things. You able to tell me that? If you don’t know how to answer, it's fine. (singing) Breaking the law. Breaking the law. Okay. Ja. I'm an expert in edubation. That's Liam, not Caleb. Okay, but I don't know exactly how these work, but I have a strong suspicion that these things can start moving and try to cut us up. Both these suits of armor and that weapon. Maybe. Hopefully things will go very well, but there's a chance that this thing that you are indicating is not connected to those, so be ready to fight. This. Is. Exciting. I wish I was still a rogue, it's the best class! I walk up behind Nott and scan the room with the spell. I'm just walking up behind Nott, no further, and looking in to see what glows. What kind of magic is emanating from the carpet? What school of magic? I alert everyone. The carpet is magical. I do not. I have a question. The carpet reeks of abjuration, or-- I would know that the carpet is magical. Transmutation. If the carpet is magical, I wouldn't-- Right. The carpet seems magical to me, I wouldn't think that something under the carpet is magical. Do I see any change in the abjuration magic when she does that? What you just did dispelled whatever ward was on the cabinet, however the carpet I can't tell exactly what's going on but there is something-- It's an animated object! My kids have fought a broom. This happens. I would be by Beau because I clapped her on the shoulder. (sarcastically) You are not prepared, oh no. Well you know, I rolled a nine. (singing) You're the best around! Nothing's ever going to bring you down! We damage it. No, I understand, but we damage it. No one knows, who the fuck knows? You learned it's badass. Next. Moving on. Oh, Ulog is a little girl. Yeah, I pull the potion of healing I have out of my belt, and I run over to Nott and I jam it into her mouth and pour it in. The whole time I'm going through my list of spells thinking of what could help. There's nothing, but I'm going Dancing Lights, Fire Bolt, Friends, Alarm, Burning Hands, Chromatic Orb, Comprehend Languages, Detect Magic. And I heal Nott. 14 points. Greater. He's killing our nostalgia for the carpet. He would have had to have told me that there was magic anywhere else in the room. Right, was physical. That's true. Come on, you are a badass. You can do it. You're the best of all of us. Wait, did you roll a 20 and an eight? Come on, Beau. Who wore it best? No, she's not out. She's hanging on. Ja. What am I doing? I rush forward and I am going to try to pry the rug off of her. Ja. Come on, roll big. Nope. Athletics? Nein! Next. That's okay, because if the plan goes according to plan, yeah. Allow myself to introduce myself. If everything goes well, we get Orentha to fall on both of these people at once. So let's finish what we're doing, ja? Ja, doesn't matter. No one is going to care about a rug or him screaming about a rug. Check that armoire or whatever it is. Check them both. He's got a safe and a floor. No more magic? Son of a gun. Motherfucker. What about Ulog? Because it's simultaneous. What is in there with Ulog? All magical, I assume. I assume they're glowing. Yeah, I haven't cast anything that breaks that. Nott just collapsed on the floor, paralyzed. I pull the chest free of Nott's hands. Is this chest glowing? We have that already. We did it in advance. I start rooting through Nott's pockets to find the letter in Thieves' Cant. Yeah, Thieves' Cant we're leaving here. So we should leave them here. From Richter to Sutan we did, so we're leaving those, and we're leaving a note-- Nott's fake Myriad note we're leaving here, so I pull that out of Nott's pockets. While Jester and Caleb are arguing, Caleb grabs the little magical stone that's in that box and puts it in his pocket. Got to do it. We've left the Thieves’ Cant note from the "Myriad" and we've left the-- Yeah? Everything that we've planned? Is anything glowing there though, Matthew? Okay. Yeah. (angry meow) Yeah. Athletics check? For everybody, right? Come on, Tal! Work that shit. This is-- How far away is where the grapple is hooked from us right now? I cast Unseen Servant. Schmidt lifts up the grapple and tosses it free. Wow. We need to get to our next target immediately. Everybody's going to the same place. What if she came home with some crazy outfit? Crazy cloak. How high is the wall? Seven foot? Frumpkin's on top of the wall. What do I see? Are there any people? Yeah. I relayed that all to them. There's nobody back there, right? Yeah. Seven feet tall. Easy. You're going up? I'm going in with her. Kneel down. I'm going to climb up on his back and start to try to climb. 17. Oh, he leaps? I was going to say, seeing that argument, that I dropped down to the ground on the other side. And not help him. I cast Detect Magic. I grab both of her shoulders and peer in to see if anything glows. What do we see? What do we see where we are? Doors out of here? No. We move forward. You ten feet in front of me. I will look for magic, you will look for physical obstacles. Here we go. (chanting) Checking for magic. No! A kraken. Can you message the others? We're moving through the foyer. Girl! Nott and Caleb are still going up the stairs. Have the vagrants caught up yet? Detect Magic wipe in this room. Leave that box, that case, that box, be careful. No, it's not fine! What is the type of magic emanating from the case? Evo-- (gasp) that's bad. 18. Also, there is no other magic around this room in the walls or anything, right? You've indicated everything that's here. Yeah I grab the scroll case-- MARISHA and You have to detect that I did it. Of course I did. Are you in the room? Okay. Eight. No, I'm taking this. I'm taking this. This isn't worth my time, I'm taking this! I walk out. Seven. Unconscious. I was doing death saves and it was not going well. Just for shits and giggles! (laughter) Five. Give it to me! Age? Not us. No, I don't think so. We need to go find a shitty place and lay low. The stone? Oh. We are walking away. What is it? Ah. (foomph), Dancing Lights. I cast Comprehend Languages. That is verbal, somatic, and material. A pinch of soot of salt which I throw out in front of me. People from Xhorhas! No! Trust the porn! Edubate once a day. Oh Fjord, it is over. Bromance is over! She's dead. The owner is dead. They are shitty selfish ones.