It's throwing him that badly. What is "to high doh?" I'm going to show off an image from inside the book. This is the standard, by the way. Matteo Scalera, an artist that I fell in love with reading the Black Science comic book. He's fucking amazing and the cover is-- This is the standard. This book is so beautiful. Show that thing off and I'm going to find a picture. I'm going to show off a little Ioun. Look at this! While they're fucking? I would try to locate Caduceus on the boat, actually. I don't know if he's hiding or not. I will go to where he is on the boat and-- (knocking). You look-- Tired as I feel. Do you have a moment? May I come in? (clears throat) I feel a little poorly for the time you have been having, traveling with us. It was not a very good day. It's been a string of bad ones, in fact, and I am grateful to have you along with this group because we get hurt a lot and stick our noses places maybe we shouldn't. You have been very helpful. Is it your intention to continue on with us? Well, sometimes acts of good faith deserve to be rewarded, when they can. I wanted to give you something that will make your time with us a little bit easier, I suppose. I start to pull the periapt out and untie it. This-- you know, I'm always so far back away from-- I hear you, Laura, in my peripheral, I hear you. I'm always very far back anyway, this isn't doing me much good, and it's better that you stay up more than I stay up because if you go down, that's it. This is a little bit of extra protection-- anyway. I don't know. I would like to think not, but I don't know. That's a pretty big matzo ball. If you have this-- this is magic, by the way. Here you go. I help you, that makes it easier to help all of us. Welcome to the Nein. Okay, I feel like shit, so I'm going to go to bed. Rolling them double ones. Periapt of wound closure. It just feels right that it's with you. Makes it harder for him to die. It was Molly's. Where's my owl? You have three or four more days, if you want. Yeah, I-- iOwl. You want to know if this is something? Do you have a moment? Okay. I will cast Identify on this. Ja, that's a feather. That's just a feather. It's good looking, though. Okay. Are you good? It's pretty cute. Jesus Christ! Dibs. I know which direction is north at all times. I don't forget anything. I'm real smart in-game. Just in the game. Oh jeez. What the fuck. Caleb runs up from under the deck with sulfur in one hand and bat shit in the other one. What is going on? What is this? What are we doing? Aren't we--oh. Oh! You're good? I could fix it. Do you need that? Yeah, okay. She is intimidating. I fire off a Fire Bolt straight up into the sky in an arc over and let it land in the ocean. Yeah, a Fire Bolt. You don't want us to be unhappy. 11. Also, when you are down there, you hear in the back of your skull Books! I start lobbing Fire Bolts into the sea like I'm skipping stones every ten or 15 seconds. Okay, Caduceus aired the fact that he is a little nervous, so I place my hand on Caduceus' shoulder and then look through Frumpkin's eyes to see what's going on. Oh, I wasn't trying to do a perception check. I'm not searching for anything, I'm just checking in. That's exactly what I want to do. I call out up there Captain, your quartermaster is under attack. We'll see. I actually want to ask Frumpkin to do something from on deck. Okay. Frumpkin is going to fly over towards this gentleman and try to, with talons, rake across his head. With advantage because he's stunned, yeah? That's a 15 or an 18. I cast Vampiric Touch through Frumpkin's touch, and he takes 3d6 necrotic damage. Through me. Me through her. Him. Damn it. That is eight points of necrotic damage to him. Mm-hmm. Frumpkin lands on his head. As soon as Caleb felt Caduceus walk away, he dropped Frumpkin's sight because he didn't want to be smacked in the face. But Frumpkin will listen to you. I know that it is true because I think his thoughts and he thinks mine. We are the best of friends. He's the best cat that any man could ever have. (pigeon cooing) Magical traps. (as Nott) Almost got it! (parrot voice) Captain Cupcake! I rolled a 12 on insight. It's a seven. Yeah, it's a seven. No. Oh, it is a one! No, I've been exactly where I was. Do you want to know more about my cat? Because you walked off before. The funny thing about a cat is that they are very persnickety but with the right person, they are not. Frumpkin with me, we are just so. No, that would be-- I'm a very intelligent person. That would be foolish. I don't talk to thin air. Also, some people say that they have nine lives, which is funny, because we-- Did you find books? It's a long shot. We are on the-- You thought it too, didn't you? LIAM, MARISHA, and Ja. You're telling me your love of higher learning, I understand. Did you need something? Because you clearly don't want to hear about cats, so we could end this now. That would have been so awesome. I can talk now? Okay. I will still help you. I need a moment, so I set it down and start scrawling on the floor around it, and about ten minutes later I have-- No, because-- well, I guess I wasn't there. No, I mean, if they put the box down in front of me. That's a lucky find. You, shush, now, give me a moment. (mechanical noises) Ten minutes later, after I transform into an Autobot, I cast Identify through the ritual spellcasting feat. (gasping) I need time. It's a long piece of paper. It's a lot of knowledge. So you talk amongst yourselves for one minute. It's endless, but it takes ten minutes. Sit down. This is your lucky day. This is very dangerous to give to you, but you are the perfect person to have it, so of course, well, here it is, it is yours. This will allow you to paint things and they become real. Almost anything. Nothing too fancy. This will allow her to paint a door and there to be a door. This will allow her to paint a sword and there will be a sword. All you can eat, Fjord. I explain it all in about a minute. So just don't create a penis on my head, okay? And we're square. Excellent. No, it cannot do that. It cannot create fabulous jewels, and it cannot create piles of gold. You could, in theory, paint a small boat on the deck of the ship if no one was watching, but that would be a difficult thing to do. It would create a facsimile of that, but it would be worthless. What? (see-n-spell voice) This is a Formica table, green is its color. This is good, this can blast an enemy with a bit of arcane oomph. A little bit, yeah. You have a shield? Did we bring him down here yet? Go to hell. Let's get Captain Tusktooth down here, because that was an interesting afternoon, but it was not what I want to do with the rest of my life. That's the go-to. Will hurt your enemies, not just protect you. I mean, this is a matter of survival. If we do not cooperate, she's going to kill us. I'm not opposed, per se, to what went down today, but it's not what I want to do with my life. I would prefer to break away from this woman, but we're here for you right now. You are trying to figure out, you know, your thing. I think I'd like to hear from you what the long-term plan is. Are we on the ship, in the sea? Is that what you're after? What is the good scenario, the good version, of releasing a massive serpent onto the Menagerie Coast? She's made her interest pretty clear. Of course. I will follow. How far away is she? We're in broad daylight. Just dicks dropping into the ocean. Not far. Of course you can. I scan around for Avantika. Okay. That is a 22. You are dealing with very large responsibilities right now. I don't envy your position. You know, my father was a soldier and he expected a lot. I learned a lot from him. I've tried to live up to the man that he was and I've largely failed, but I've picked up what I could. Used my wits, understand my surroundings. I wish I had half the courage he did. I don't know. You know, I think traveling with all of you has emboldened me some. I was alone for a long time and ran from everything. I like this group and I enjoy traveling with you, Fjord. I've always been like that; I have a very good memory. I remember everything. I feel like a fool much of the time. I'm glad you think so highly of me. I start nervously twiddling a wire in my hand absentmindedly. Keep the group safe? As always, I will do my best. I cough very hard into my hands and cast Message to him and briefly, quietly say I think that woman is going to try to kill you, I really do. (coughing) Yeah, do you have some? I receive it. There's not much left. Most of it spilled. Is this a custom? It's good. Private conversation. The wettest dream. You've successfully secured deez nuts. When life gives you pepper, make pepper arrows. 14. 25. (whispering) Uk'otoa. Yes. Muscle is obviously everywhere. We're going to be following the people who have been here before. Following up on Fjord's question, or Travis' question, the muscle that we see around us, does it look like it's-- are we in Deadwood, or is there a strong police force of sorts that is making sure that shit is not going down constantly? Yeah, is there anyone in charge, or is it just a saloon with cowboys everywhere? Probably the only rule here is "Talk shit, get hit." Oh, my name is Philip. Oh, is this required? Refugee from the Empire, looking for better life. Guys, we're the heroes here.