First good one of the campaign, come on. Well-oiled machine, that party. Oh my god. I saw some early black and white pages today. Show us your mouth holes! I would like to hide behind 50 characters now. Elf. 11. Ja. Three! What's your modifier? Holy. Shit. And you're one plus nothing? We just walked out of the tent door and are looking at that. We're safe. Is that one five or ten feet away from me? The horses immediately freak out and start running this direction in a gallop. I am going to move over a bit towards that carriage and I pull the diamond out of my component pouch and a small prismatic ball forms over it. I take my other hand and spin it really fast and little ice shards start shooting out of the side. I take it with the free hand and I'm going to throw it like a fucking baseball pitcher at the one closest to Beauregard. D&D Beyond, where did you go? Oh, that's good! 23. Okay. So that is cold damage. 3d8. Come on! Nine total. Question, am I supposed to roll initiative for Frumpkin as well? Okay, if that's what you want to do. I'm sending Frumpkin to zip under that tent. He has 40 feet of movement. Yeah. That's it, ja. I've seen this Twilight episode. He knows what is behind your screen the rest of the game! Okay I'm also tapped as well. I'm going to back up against the tent that we came out of and with a sinking pit in my stomach, my hand starts to blacken and flake and fire springs from the palm and it shoots, and I cast Fire Bolt. That is a cantrip, yeah. That's good though, that's 17. That's 1d10, that's this guy here that I never used in the last campaign. Oh, that's four. I probably have a little bit of movement left. I would like to sidle into the tent that I exited before and disappear. Frumpkin will dart across behind Molly to the little tent. 40. Ja, that's it. That's my girl. What does happen is Frumpkin scrabbles up your back and comes to your shoulder, and I'm watching everything from my hidey hole. We probably have a half hour at this point? Nott, you feel Frumpkin's claws slowly and deliberately squeeze into your shoulder. Caleb gets over it and he comes out and starts helping push the bodies onto the-- doesn't say anything, but starts pushing bodies onto the back of the cart. This is not my thing. I am not brave like Nott. Let's get out of here, please. I haven't learned that one yet. Some day. Is its name Roy? During all the busywork, I'm not saying anything, but I keep giving worried and stressed glances at my little friend. Would you have the abilities to burn these things up the way we did? Are you capable? Could you have killed these things? Is that believable for people who know you? Yeah, she frogged out. I will attempt to do the same to do arcane recovery. Also I have a cat. That's not what I mean. If we catch up to them, my cat can follow and I can watch. If we find them, then we assign Frumpkin to the case and I will lean against a tree. Nott will keep watch over me and we will know where it goes. You'd have to erase the tracks all the way back to the-- how far back are you willing to go? What's the plan here? Are we going to flee? I know. Everybody's in deep shit. I understand the problem, but my question is are we cutting and running? No, I mean cutting and running. We do it all the time. Those two burnt men? Yes. Beauregard, are the people on the boat doing anything different? Because the city is on the lake so we're just around the edge of the lake. It depends on what we're going to do. The other thing we can do, but it will take some time, need about an hour. Frumpkin is a cat but Frumpkin does not need to be a cat. I could fly him over as well but I need time, I need about an hour. I changed my mind, I believe I used arcane recovery during the day. So forget it. If I have an hour to do some ritual casting, yeah. At the level two-- Oh sorry, go ahead. It's a rules question, you go for it. Rules question. Caleb is too fucking poor to change Frumpkin's shape willy-nilly because it's ten gold pieces worth of charcoal, incense, and herbs, which I don't have. So he's a cat for the foreseeable future. I need incense, herbs, and charcoal. No, I'm just talking in my accent to you. Do you have charcoal? If we can get back into town somehow. I will. That random book about fiends has all the answers about the fiend we're chasing. Let's go get it. How much ground did we cover, I don't know? Half a mile. That's your specialty. Drops a couple of horse apples. I cast Thaumaturgy! (quacks) I do, but I rolled 12. You have advantage, right? Roll again! 16. I'm going to dig some charcoal out of the remains of the fire in the common room and then go to bed. Don't thank me. Lovely inn. Good night. Just going to draw some dicks! Wait, is there a rest button? Where are they? Whoa! We got back in the middle of the night. No real job here. I go down. It's Yorda who runs the place? I find Yorda. Excuse me, a question about the town. Is there a pawn shop anywhere in this city? Thank you. Wockwurt? Lochward's General, of course. Excuse me. That's in the Lochward, then? Only been here two days. Okay, you are down here? Yeah, okay. That flask. Yes, I did see it. No, I'm not sorry at all, but I have a big favor to ask you. That's very valuable what you have there. Do you know that is made of platinum? Let me explain it to you. That little bottle is worth a great deal. It can buy you many full bottles. Would you like to trade that for many bottles of booze? Many. We could buy you another flask that can hold whiskey just as well as that one. Here's the thing, you know that I was very interested in those books. We came here for books and booze. You've gotten a little booze, but we can get a lot and those books are expensive and I know that we can get enough money for it and I really don't feel like pushing our luck with the law here in town and pulling a fast one again. They were worth a total of 13 gold. Did she just hand me 13 gold? I take her by the head and I rustle our heads together. That's a good deal. I leave to find that place. Oh, you're coming too? What a good day this is! All right, let's go shopping! Hello there, my friend! Just as I said, I've returned. I have what we agreed on. 13 gold for these two books that we discussed. Free books! These are the same two books? As yesterday? Oh, I was asking Matthew, these are the same two books? Oh good! Excellent! I never stopped with the British either last time, so I'm never going to stop. Oh, I'm so happy, and I'm saying this out loud as Caleb. Good day to you! I scoop up Nott and I just start dancing down the street with her up onto my shoulders! No! We have plans to make with our new friends! Let's go get some breakfast! Nope! We're away! Good shopping run. Where did you get 13 gold? Good to know. I don't need to know anything more, I'm just happy that you have it. I'm thankful. I just squeeze the cheeks, and I look at my books! Yes. I will start on the one about fiends because it is topical! No I'm going to read here. Good focus! Yeah, go away. I shove the book deep into my belt near my dick so she doesn't want to go near it! Good point. Hey now. I do not let her. I am in a corner. How long was that for? Oh, this is about grumpkins and periwinkles. What is a periwinkle? Occasional drawings. There's no penises drawn in this book so I don't think you'd be interested. Leave me alone, I'm reading. I need 20 actual seconds to see what the piece of paper says! Do I remember people talking about nightmares from the past couple of days? Not Liam, but Caleb? Okay, and I didn't overhear, okay. I mean, it's chock-a-block with a lot of things, most of it probably untrue and stories to scare your children, but there is some sort of demon that is described as being fat and rotund, and it talks about-- I mean, this is too coincidental, it can't be the thing that we're-- what are the odds of something being in this book, and it's what we're chasing today? But this is describing some sort of scaled demon that feeds on people in the night, when they're sleeping, and it leaves corrupted, undead corpses behind, known as husks. Does this book-- is it of this town, or? General book, could be anywhere. You haven't heard the word nergaliid? Because that's what I'm talking about here. Once again, I have no idea if this is the creature that we're in pursuit of, but this talks about it not eating food, but siphoning the life off of mortal creatures, but not to the point of death or harming them. They might not even notice that it's happening. It says that this thing has two types of feeding one is slow and unnoticeable, maybe, and one is quick with much pain and anguish. No. It does not. Right, it's a kid's Encyclopedia Britannica, and scanning through, I saw one thing that popped out. May I ask with my intelligence score of 18 and the Keen Mind feat, could we say that Caleb is a speed reader? Believably, not magic. Good times. It was still funny when it was just implied. You can paint it across the wall. We're talking about masturbation. Would you say that Caleb is a speed-beater? I could. I could also-- here's the thing about my cat. He's a cat, definitely a cat, but is also a fey creature. If I have an hour, he doesn't have to be a cat. He can temporarily be a bird. Well, I have a lot of charcoal now, and you said you have incense on you? Let it all out. Go for it. Don't hold back. Yes. I prefer him as a cat, to be honest, but in a pinch. Well, not any kind of creature, but I've made him an octopus once. There was this one time when Nott was very high up in a burning building and we had no way to get her down. I think it's octopi. It can be pricey to keep bringing him back and all that, but he-- no, you can't kill him. She's eaten him twice. I will need about an hour of time; I'll probably head upstairs. Do you have a pot I could borrow? I was hoping you had an iron pot I could borrow for-- never mind, I'll use the piss pot. I'll borrow this. Is this enough to jury-rig? It's ten gold. That's why I asked. Okay, this is a joke. I need to actually go to the incense store. Charcoal and incense, yeah. For this plan to work. Do you have ten gold? We're still in trouble with the law. I don't want to push that. If we have the gold, that's the safest path. Brain wipe. I'm going to go up to my room and it takes me an hour to do this. An hour and ten minutes to be exact. I put the-- Look at the dungeon master. Is that maybe the longest facepalm? I go upstairs to cast "Find Familiar". A sparrow. I'm sorry, I know this is not your preferred form, but it is only temporary until I get ten more gold. Let's go down and get some breakfast. There he is. He lands on Molly's horn. On his horn, yes. Always Frumpkin, yeah. He flits over to Jester's horn. Takes a dump. He stays there for the time being. Is this what we're doing? I can't go anywhere, I'm going to be blind and deaf, I have to stay still and safe. Try not hit me in the head with too many things. It'll take a while, but he will go off. That's true as well. I could have done a bat, but it's too late for that now. A bat. I thought we talked about this. You told me-- and if you need to change it, change it-- But that I can only control him telepathically up to 100 feet, but could continue to see. I'm happy whatever your ruling is, but that's how we've done it. That's what I based this whole plan on. The wording was a little squirrely. So I can give him the command up close to go, but if anything happens I can't improvise with him. He does what the command is. To fly north to the island and circle it a few times to see what we can see and come back. We gather in Fjord and Molly's room. Ow. Don't do that, please, I'm trying to concentrate. That is a six plus very little or nothing, so you can guesstimate. This is the bigger one? Worse. Five. Does it look balder than the other? Okay. Last question, I can probably tell how far apart these two islands are, yeah? 600, okay. I feel that. And it feels good. You can't make me Vax again, it won't work. When I see that he's halfway back, I come out of it. What are you doing? I plant my hands on the sides of the wood and start transmuting it to iron. Hopefully it will dry. But it brought us closer together. Of course, sorry. Acid. Wood. There are two islands out there, a bigger one-- they're not close-- and a smaller one. One is bald-ish, a couple of trees, but I couldn't see too well on either of them. The bigger one is dense with trees. I didn't see them. I thought that he would be able to see from the air, and I thought that would be safer, so no, I'm sorry. I would have seen that. It's not fleet week. I think that the chances of finding it on the big island are greater, yes. How far away, roughly, was the edge of the lake and islands from where we are right now? Okay, so while everyone is preparing, I take out my spool of silver thread and I go first to Jester's room, and I stretch the thread across, and a little (magic flitter sound) flashes across and the thread disappears. It takes about ten minutes each time, and I do the same on Fjord's doorway, stretch across (magic flitter sound). If anyone goes in to these doors besides you, I will know, but not when we're on that island. Only on the way there. Lasts about a mile. Do you have any empty positions at the circus for these two? Tealeaf, you said, "It's mostly an act." What's the not-mostly part? Are they all swashbuckling swordsmen like you? Nott? If that's what it is, yeah. Perhaps this girl Toya is his baby's bottle, and then once in a while he wants an extra snack. Fucking anime actors. (laughter) Well, what are we doing? Yes, I'm a good talker when I have to be. Not for this. Dungeons & Dragons is about punishment. We're scouting the way nonchalantly, I would imagine. We could make our way to the outskirts of town. No, we can stay in the open. I send Frumpkin up into the air over the party, 100 feet in the air. So I take your hand, and I'm watching them from above. I'm totally acting like I see everything. It's badass. I think perhaps the best thing to do is to rent a boat, not steal a boat. What's your idea? All right. No. That ended. We hear that there's beautiful islands out in the middle of the Ustaloch. I've never seen a lake before this one so, first island. It's a very big moment for me. Did you say piece of shite? What's the name of the other one? Crookedstone, yeah. I actually tagged along with them. 20. (laughing) Did that make it in? That was a nuke! Are you kidding? That's big. We're under the light of the moons, correct? Moonlight, at this point? Hold on. I send Frumpkin into the sky. Look down, and see if now that I have him flying closer, maybe I can see better, or see something moving in this dim light, before it goes? Balls. That's a big seven. It's too dark. (flutters) No ranger. Because I can't see anything, I'm going to hand on your shoulder. Do we want to do it like a V-formation, with Nott in the lead and the two humans just behind? 15. The bells have been deflowered. I'm sorry, it was me. No, I meant Caleb's stink. I'm moving slow on purpose at the back of the group now. Yeah, this is like a famine home in Ireland. You can see the edges of it, probably. I'll pull out the Baba Yaga, give me five seconds. Oh, shit snacks. Look, you're up in the air, bro! I would be the furthest back. I'm at 15. So keep him with me? I'm human. We're not holding hands anymore. 20. Put her in a body bag, Johnny! Question is the humans' visibility shit right now? So I can't see what I'm doing, right? Okay, so four globules of light go (popping) out of my hands and one of them hovers-- It's a row of four globules of light. One is hanging above where my miniature is now. One is closer to froggy. One is, like a line over the building, so that there's one also hanging over Beauregard. With my remaining movement, I'm hauling ass towards Fjord and whichever Jester that is ahead of me. So proud! So proud! From that blast? Sick. Nope, that's a mistake. You also don't mean to do that. Ooh, it almost got me though. 20. Okay. Plenty to spare. However, he gains four temporary hit points. What is this, wisdom? 23. It's your forte, so-- Get back in there, Rocky! Knock her the fuck out! As soon as it starts roaring, I am surrounded, I have nowhere to go so I pull the diamond out, spin it, and the ice shards start to shoot and I pick it up and I throw it in his bellybutton. That's okay because if I move I am dicked. That's not good. That's terrible. The second one was so good though. That's not great. That's ten. I'm going to-- Nope. I'm going to stay there and freeze. Freeze up. The cat's a bird and she flies up straight. Deffo. Yeah. That's a 12. Caleb is unconscious on the ground. Jeez, this is going south guys. By the way, when Caleb went down those four balls of light disappeared. Stay. Maybe he'll be distracted by fear. Damn. We're in a tight spot. Success. He's going to fuck me up. Travis wouldn't, but Fjord would know. Yes, that's the threat. You can get there and draw attention. You can soak up damage. In the dark. That's a success. I have two successes. Not that you know that. The dice don't give a shit-- Everyone's like, "Hey, hey, hey!" It's like that video from Ireland. Catch it, daddy! Death save? Fail. Caleb goes (yelps), and I cast Dancing Lights into the goblin and light her up! Ah! What the hell happened? DM, am I at one hit point at this moment? It was zero. True love's kiss. Yeah, you know, ain't nothing. (coughs) (high-pitched) Oh! Do you have any anything left in you? Well, okay. Or we could just sit here for a bit and I could catch my breath, I think. Man, I got the full wizard experience tonight. Seven times.