We're that good. (laughter) Twill Pillikins. Bathtub Stealthcat. Kenku's a bird. Dagon Henry Kissinger. I've read the whole thing, I've seen the pictures. Donut hole! Donut hole! Donut hole! She has a ring of power? Except when he doesn't. I would also like a donut, please. Do you actually have donuts? I don't understand. Oh, there it is. Are they pretty new? Three days new? Or-- Forget it, I don't actually want to know the answer. Mollymauk, is this weird for you to not be traveling with your performing family? Some things don't change. We didn't have much of a chance to see you perform. I saw you do a card reading for Jester, but things got waylaid at the circus. What do you normally do? If anybody can do it, it's you. How far away are they? Yeah, I send Frumpkin ahead and see it, and go blind and deaf here, so I can get a closer look at them. Frumpkin's a sparrow at the moment. I don't have the components to put him back to the shape he prefers, which is a cat. Charcoal and some incense, a kind of incense you have to use. I'm all out. I used it all. No. Money? Well, you have to pay money to get the things to do it. He's been a couple of things before. He can last. Anyway. Off you go. Don't fuck me, Scanlan. Oh, that's not Scanlan, that's Percy, but you did fuck me, Percy. That is very low. We'll just say it fails, because it's a two. Yeah, I rolled a two. 18 horses. I started muttering as soon as I could see that. What they were, what I saw. I would've released it, yeah. He's not back, but I released the sight. Perception check? Zwölf. Wakka wakka. That's a pretty big matzo ball there. Yeah, but I would ask. Are you asking because that is something that you have no experience with or are you wondering maybe is that something that we could join you in? Mostly whatever we can walk away with. Always go for a sure thing. No, we should take it off the road. Where are you going to do? Okay. I have a bird that can go probably higher than the tree, if you want. Would you like me to do that? Or you could. I don't want to rob you of the joy of climbing a good tree. Okay. Well, I will sit in the field then and give him a little chuck under the chin and-- oh, wait. Before I go away, am I looking for anything specific? People coming. They do. As the bird is flying, just for a second, I say You know, ordinarily-- I can't hear you, but he's a cat almost all the time, so this is a rarity. You'll be able to climb many trees, many other times, but we should take advantage of him. Well, okay. Feel it?! I can feel stuff! We worked out that he could-- okay, great. There's bugs in my nose. Shove it all in, everybody! In the middle of the field you hear Ooh, look at that! What do I see? That's a nine. Okay. I keep flying for a little bit longer. The treant eats you. How cold is it out? Now, hold on. I pull a rag out, and I (poof) one of the Dancing Lights, and make that hooded lantern again so that you can see. While they decide that, I'm going to pull out my silver thread and I'm going to start winding a 20-foot circle around the fire. Everybody hears a little (ting) as I hit a little bell that I have that's part of it. And that's it. I will stay up for a little bit, yeah. Oh, that's pretty good. That's a 19. Am I the only one awake at this moment? I slowly jiggle Nott awake. (whispers) Get up. I put a hand over her mouth. There is a thing out around our fire a ways off. No, I saw the shape. It's not dark, there's a fire here. Because we want them to die? I think we should probably wake everyone. I shake Beau awake. She said "most beautiful." There's a thing out there in the field. Something is moving. No, wait here! As soon as I see her do that, I start swatting Fjord on the back to wake him up. I'm so proud! I don't know that spell, so I cannot talk back. What? Who said that? If you can can hear me-- I don't think you can-- come back with the group. Is that how Message works? For one round, so six seconds. Oh, if it's a cantrip, you can do it over and over again. It's two soup cans with a string. Is she back? I scoop her up. Look at you! You cast a spell, you spoke to me! It's as simple as that, isn't it? Oh, I'm so proud of you! We need to calm down and go back to bed. (laughs nervously) Got you. No. I thought we were all going to die, but it was just-- what was it? Echoes in the field. (echoing sounds) Well, shit. I guess we're going to look at a buffalo. 16. Silently ruffle Nott's hair on the way back to camp. Turd watch. Are you okay? We're fine? Everything's good? You would tell us if something was wrong? Can you speak? You just spit a lot of water out and you were sleeping. I don't, I want to make an insight check. He's talking about acid reflux but he just spit a bunch of water out. Yeah, okay. That's 22. Does he seem full of shit to me? Is our group going to be all about puns and that stuff? Yeah. How long ago was that? What about the sword? You said you found it on the ocean, you found on the boat you were on? You were on an island? What do you mean? DM, when I cast Detect Magic in the first game, in the tavern, did that sword light up? I don't even need to touch it, but would you trust me to study it for a moment? I'm good at figuring things out. I'm clever. Ja, you can understand that we would be curious, but I don't want to push anybody. I mean, we've just met. When he says he doesn't quite understand, is he telling the truth? Is that the same insight check? 11. You wouldn't have to remember that far back. You said that this all started just a few weeks ago, when you met this one. I was wondering the very same thing, actually, all night. I was wondering what we would call-- You were going to butcher, at Winter's Crest, and that's a special treat? Have I ever read about it? I pull Nott over. Do you know what W.C. means in Zemnian? Toilet. I give her a little fistbump. Vasquez. Must be nice. TRAVIS, LIAM, and How does that affect us, again? Did that look arcane to me? Is it a walled-in city or just parts here and there? Not fortified at all? We leave the toilet behind and we run in. I would be pressed against the wall of that house. Okay, so I have advantage on stealth? Thank you. 16. Maybe amble more than dash. I mutter a few words and my form starts to blink in and out of view. There is another Caleb next to me and another Caleb next to me. Shifting, blinking, flashing back and forth and it's hard to see where I am. Yeah, it is. The old fashioned swirly kind? Oh, scheiß. That was worse. That was already bad. Mm-hmm. It's all part of the plan. Yeah. What'd you get? Oh, all together at last. Mercer-ful. G-N-O-L-L. (sings) G-N-O-L-L. Bobobo-bo bo-bobo. At the bitch who attacked you. Yeah okay, I will move along the table over here to this spot. I think I have a clear view of the big gnoll, correct? From there? I mutter a few arcane words under my breath and a circle of flame spins around my hand and three beams of fire shoot out towards this big guy. I cast Scorching Ray. Each one is a separate attack. First one is a 16. Second one is also a 16, the third one is a 17. So 6d6 on him. Because they all hit. That's four, six-- Nine. That's the six? This one. Oh, thank you. (counting) That's a total of 19 fire damage on him. I probably have ten feet of movement which I would like to use to move back to where I was and try to not hyperventilate against the back of this building. Dead center. Yeah. Okay. Good. No, I'm like this. I'm doing this. She doesn't give a shit about that bear. Apologies to my friend. So sorry, guys. There you go. We're losing subscribers in Europe right now. Halt den Mund! Okay. I start moving back towards the same vantage point I had before and I see Jester above me, and I see a guy over there covered in ice, and I whip around and the diamond comes up and I go (sizzling) and I was about to make it acid, but there's ice everywhere so it's ice now. Chromatic Orb off to the big guy in the middle of town square, yeah. It misses entirely. Then I use the rest of my movement to press my back against the wall and go nein, nein, nein. Still behind the same building. Get out of the city! Okay, I'm just going to do my same dog and pony show trick, I'm going to go to the corner, I should be able to see two or three gnolls, I think, over there, yeah? Okay, so (sizzling) starts to burn in my hand, Chromatic Orb out to hit whichever one-- Then that's the one I'm going to go for. Come on. Oh, that's good. That's a 17. Thanks, Keyleth. That is 3d8, so where is my eight-sided die? There it is. This is fire, and it is 11 points of damage. Okay, and I inch back again and say, (singing) If it ain't broke, don't fix it. And hide behind the building. I would like to think that he does laugh hideously and despises himself for it. Doves go everywhere. Swing it high, Beau. Swing away. All his friends are running away, and he's going, "Me and my friends are going to kill you." Yeah. If he's still around when she's done, I would have done my same single-- Yeah! No, I would have leaned out, if I had seen it was dead, and no enemies, I would use my movement, my action to move further up to the corner, not much besides that, but join where Fjord and the duplicate are. That's it. Nott? This is simultaneous. It's dark, too. You beat me to it. You said 30 minutes went by, I wanted us to be doing that already. I was just waiting for you to pause. That's fine. I'd like to think that we leaned down to the same gnoll, cutting, and went, same hat? Same hat. We have seen these things as far south as Trostenwald. Further even. I have a question. After listening to this for a while, I start looking around the town, would you say that with all these burnt buildings everywhere, that if I start picking through the rubble I would find enough charcoal to reduce the costs I would need for Find Familiar, eventually? Because I still need the incense and the herbs, but if I get a lot of charcoal from these burnt homes-- Yeah. Yeah, done and done. That's good, and I have a good investigation too. That is a 23. Yeah, good, that's good. I've already got the silver thread out and I am looping it over any open window and by the door. You're not the only one. Caleb is going one gold, two gold, three gold, 60 gold. This was a good idea. We are hitching out stars to your wagon. (laughter) Nein!