I guess the rest of us can't understand the pressure of coming up with a D&D Beyond bit every week. It's covered in gold. No one's going to retain any of the things you just said in the wake of that. We're also two weeks in, and in a year, there will be a library of content that will last forever, or until civilization falls. Roll them if you got them! Do you have squibs of fake shit ready for this? Ja, what is there to see? No, I have never seen the ocean. What do you-- what? Does that mean that he would hire people to kill you, or he would personally kill you? But is wealthy and connected? You locked him out. What about besides your mother's place of employment? Do you know, are there other things to see? Okay. You want to go straight there? Right on the coast, you saw that? Well, sometimes-- okay. Point stands. Is there easy access to the water here? Caleb has just been staring for a while, and is standing next to Nott. He takes off every stitch of clothing and everything except for one thing, and hands it to Nott and walks in. Yes. I'm just going to walk out into it. He would keep going and eventually start floating on my back. I have a question. Right now, where is the Lavorregard menagerie? Where is the owl, the weasel-- Owl, too? Owl's with you? I need constant updates to where these animals are. That's the weasel? If she has ten gold pieces worth of incense she can bring it back to-- nope. Mr. Owl, how many handling checks does it take-- Scheisse! (coughing) You can't just sneak up on a person. (groaning) Oh, it's very quite nice. I tuck down four feet. Well, no, I am just submerging my bits. No, it's expansive, it just keeps going forever. Why did you leave it? So it feels good to be back, ja? So maybe you stay this time? 15 feet out? I take a moment and scan the beach and call out Nott the Brave, live up to your name and jump in the ocean! Who cares? Go swimming! I don't know. She doesn't like to swim, I don't think. But you'd imagine seeing something like this would give perspective. Is this one of those sea monsters they were talking about? You have not seen the ocean-- It's pretty nice, isn't it? Should we stay here for the night? What about tomorrow? Do you want to go tomorrow? Does she know you're coming? What are you doing? Who are you talking to? Get the map! Where's the map? Seems like it could be potentially hilarious. The closest thing I've experienced to this is inside Jester's backpack. In the dodecahedron. There was a lot of baked goods in there, yeah. Now it's just-- No. It's a good day. That is how long again? No idea. How far is Port Damali from here, roughly? We were the only two people in that cell. (coughing) That is correct. Ja, that's on you, buddy. But under normal circumstances, because you look this way, but would everyone know you here? Before entering, I would look for an alleyway in the last few minutes before getting here to make all of my clothes look-- I cast Disguise Self on myself, and don't change my appearance other than to make my clothes look brand new and slightly more expensive than they are. By all means. Don't insult my dignity; just give me the muumuu! Yeah, it's like a lap dog. Sprinkle and Nugget and Professor Thaddeus. Excellent. What's the name? I'm a heathen. What is dupioni silk? Okay. I was just curious. Is it like the velour Juicy sweatpants that I saw when I first moved here? Legitimately just curious. That's dupioni silk? I knew that! Dupioni. Bob Dupioni. Is blue the predominant color here? I buy the group a round. Are we in the front, or the middle, or the back? Okay. How big an audience space is it? Roughly how many people are crammed in here, at a guess? Okay. I covered that. Whatever is expected here, Caleb covers. But Caleb does not not know that and does not tip. He has no experience with any of it. Now coming to the stage! Whip it out; how's it look? So I got to look at it? Would she sing with you, when you're alone? Did you sing with her? When you first told us about your mother. The night isn't over yet. I would assume so, yeah. Is there a time of the day or the week that you would have mother-daughter time? It's "mar-quiz." You have a beautiful singing voice. Thank you very much for the performance. You have a very charming daughter. I am afraid so, ja. Fish out of water, yeah. What was that last name, again? The Clovis Concord. You are unable to speak to the law here? Just speaking hypothetically, it would not upset you any if he were to disappear? Not be around? Well, we will try our best to reach the optimum result. Dyomin. What are these interests you are referring to? Her interests, you said to our friend Mr. Clay here. Well, it is good that we have the world's two best detectives with us. That should be an easy task to fulfill. Bob Loblaw. Are we saying if, or are we saying is? Your mother might know for sure. I'd like to think the party is legitimately this excited. That is the cartoon character Daria. That message probably interrupted a threesome. I want to hear some 1988 phone voicemail message thrown on top of that. In the ocean? I'm 50, 50 years old. I kick-- Definitely not. Definitely, Nott. Oh, I was going to ask if she could recommend any bookstores, but I was mistaken about what the topic was. Can you recommend any bookstores here in the city? Caleb, for all of this for the last hour, has been trying to figure out if she seems okay. So in this moment, does she seem okay? But you know what I mean? Even prior to finding out that news, I mean seeing her mother. I'm saying for the entire evening here, even before that. Yeah, but I'm not asking. I'm just wondering. Ask him what? You're also not constantly perspiring or anything. Nott, are you going to go swimming with her? It's a question mark right now, but there will be another chapter to that story. Why don't you give him a few days to ruminate on what you have just said, and see if anything returns? Or maybe we will return. It's your decision. At the very least, I think you should sleep on it. I bet you'll go right to sleep, ja? It's good that you got to see your mother, though. You seem very happy to see her. Are they all kings? You should probably be speaking to the people on the docks, yeah? In Zemnian, it's pronounced "key." You said "quay"? Hype man. Russian accent. Vague. You cannot mix those two impressions together. It's too dangerous. (Sean Connery voice) I suddennly remembered my Charlemagne. (normal voice) Doesn't work. Les Paul. Maybe it's built into the architecture of the rooms within. Only one way to find out, yeah? And human? Hallo. He's juggling a lot of plates. Please. Last week I was like, "How does this shit work? What do I do here?" How long have you been presiding over it? That is respectable. Oh man. You just triple lutzed over Purvan and flew beyond. So it's past the boob. It's a lot of steps. I can see why you're in such good shape, Grandmother. But it seemed like you were about to discuss-- you've seen his pattern in the city, where he goes day to day? The Sluice Weave, perhaps you are talking about? You said Sluice Weave. Oh, they said it? Eh, shit happens. Forget it. Banished from the game! She is invaluable to us. She is a capable woman. We need her. You're hardly ugly on the outside. I think you could snap me like a twig. That was a long walk, though. This is an awkward goodbye. I was also going to say, as they went down, that Caleb is going to make a big to-do and start saying You know, we didn't have a chance to talk about when we're above. I am in the market for some books, and I was wondering if you knew of any bookstores. Did you call dibs on the dodeca? But you know, a full-on library, or perhaps, you know, a smutty bookshop even, because you never know what you're going to find in there. Or even a used, a vintage book-- Oh, you're not even-- (shouting) Are there any bookstores in the vicinity of this lighthouse? Yes, but-- I don't think she liked most of us, but she's pretty cool. Yussa Renis? We got a wizard's tower. This is the world's largest mimic. Goosh. Yeah, 1d6 per ten feet. Did you reach up as hard as you could right before you landed to split that speed? Is that how monks work? Why were you trying to get into this tower? Well okay, I've seen all kinds of places many times that I didn't try to get into immediately. What were you trying to accomplish? Sure. So you saw it as a challenge, you saw it as a mountain to climb? That's interesting. How does it pertain to what we are trying to do today? TRAVIS and But we don't have to go, we could keep working on this tower. It is very interesting, but I thought we were helping our friend here. Right, that's an easy thing to go to, so go to it. That's our solution for everything. SAM. Yeah. I will aid. Oh boy. We were at a lighthouse that is even taller than this, you we could go try to climb that, if you'd like? Fjord, 100% it is very interesting and I have checked the box in the back of my brain. I do want to understand what that place is-- Hmm. I'm curious, but let's shelve it. I know that you're embarrassed for wasting your time here, but you will get over it. That's what I really want. You know how little puppies, they crash into things when they're they're walking? Every time he poofs out, I just want-- I like turtles. So exotic. All the strudel and schnitzel are so far away now and we are in this exotic place. Yeah.