That's actually how Purvon dressed. It is coming out on the 24th of this month. I've read it. It's so good, it's real good, it's so good. You guys, Vox Machina's story ended at this table, but it is going to live on and on and on-- at least for three more issues. Yeah, on Zune, on PalmPilot. Darkhorse app, Comixology, Limewire, finally. I've had him paint 20 to 30-- I'm kind of addicted-- 20 to 30 miniatures. They're amazing. He's amazing at what he does. Party on, Garthok! Holy shit. I'm pretty filthy. I have a mess of reddish-brown hair, and really filthy road clothes. I wear a long coat that I slept in. I slept about 20 hours last night. Jeez. Unshaven, a bit of a mess. They're blue. That's it. It was a rough day yesterday, and-- that's it. Oh. Caleb. Caleb Widogast. (light German accent) Not our best day, no. Thank you. Has anybody seen you-- seen you seen you? I do. Did you make it back here okay, at night? Yeah, you are. Did you have the mask on? Well, we-- (sighs)-- discussed coming to a bigger town. It's going to be a little more difficult now. You can't go-- it was easier on outskirts, it was easier in farms, but we can't do that here. Okay. Well, I think today you should have the mask on at all times. It's better when we're working together. If you need to steal something, do it with my help, all right? Back up the conversation a minute. Thank you. I would not be alive if you had not-- you saved my life. So thank you. Yesterday was really not great. Sure. Sure we will. Are you hungry? Well, Nott, what are we going to do today? I can go down and get breakfast and bring it up here. At least-- I don't know. I mean, I'm a little wary of just splashing back into the town right away. Always. All right, well, let's get something to eat, then. Okay. Sure. Is that easy to do, find a seat? Is this how D&D works? A Trost for each of us, please. Yes, I need books, that's true, but did you find drink yesterday? How much? So that's also on the to-do list, then. All right. Okay. So we'll do that first. I take the last piece. I'm putting my hand on my purse. Those coins went all over the floor? I did. It's on the table, though, so I think on the table it will stay. I don't think that's true-- A what now? No, I've bathed before, yeah, I know what a bath is. I've only just met you. Hi, I'm Caleb. Are you checking your DnD Beyond specs? Just-- Nott. Never mind, never mind. Could I get another Trost over here, please? I'm going to put my hand up and say, quietly, to Nott, the Moneypot is not for them. It's not for them, it's for farmers. Okay? But I said it really quietly. (laughter) But she can hear my little whisper? I mean, I'm sorry, not to be blunt, but, you know. It's pretty obvious goblins are not welcome strolling about. That's right. She's my companion, she's my friend. There's nothing to make a big deal about. That's why she's wrapped up. Just leave it, please. Somebody asked why she was wrapped up. Somebody said the words-- this is Liam-- "Why are you all wrapped up?" Vaxleth is over. It's so over! So a literal and figurative peacock. While everybody's watching this shit happen, may I cast Detect Magic? Yeah, we can go. Also, for the record, there was nothing magic about that. Maybe he's good at reading people, but that was not magic. Nott-- (strained laugh) That's silly. (snaps) Well, it is a he. This is my cat Frumpkin. Frumpkin, yes. You can call him Frumpkin. That was a little show gift from Marisha, so this is Frumpkin. You know, sometimes less is more. I telepathically tell Frumpkin to jump up and sit in the lap of the woman in the monk's robes who just made a big scene and hopefully keep her occupied with being cute. Sure, right now he likes you. What do you mean, a fake cat? He's both a real cat and a magic cat. Do you feel him? I don't know what the Fifth Edition rules are-- Shit. (laughter) It's a very fancy place. I have heard of it. Yeah. That's a tricky question. I studied when I was younger, and then I gave it up for a while. I picked it up again recently. It's all book-learned. Maybe in a little while. Well-- and I pull apart the lapels of my coat. I have books in what modern-day people like to think of as holster-straps, but there's a book hanging here. Bap-bap-bap. The books are right here. I have these, but these are heirlooms, family heirlooms, so I don't share those, but-- no, I like to read. That's all. And I'm a bit of a self-starter, so I have to find-- I mean, good luck at the Academy. That's rough, I hear. All I know is how hard it is to get into. Listen, I would not be sitting here if it were not for you. Do whatever you like. It's all right. I will front some coin for you to play this game. I will give you a silver piece. Wish I had more. You're only an hour and a half in. Because you saved my life yesterday, you may have one more silver piece. Nott, Nott, that's fine. That's fine. She won my two silver pieces. We'll just leave it at that. That's okay. She's very jumpy sometimes. You can understand; we've been living in the woods for a long time. Every time we come near any place like this, we're attacked, jumped, followed. So I apologize on behalf of-- That's making it worse. No, I insist. A round of Trosts for both our tables, please. Not Baumbauch. What is a training game? It's fine. It's water under the bridge. It's fine. It's all right. If you feel slightly worse, there's a drink on me. That's later tonight, though, isn't it? DM, did I tear that? I can't remember. That was what it was, yeah. Do you know something? I, shockingly, think that's not a bad idea. Yesterday was a very bad day. Well, yes. Bottom line can you hang with the goblin? We will mourn her. Tschuss. Not much. We were going to sample the different Trosts, and I wanted to maybe do some book browsing. Nothing major. There are two others to choose from, here. DM, which one is the one that everybody knows has got the blessing of Fryda Langer? Shit. No, I'm just saying the one that you swindled, it's got the blessing of the big cheese here. We don't need it. It's just pleasurable to have a Trost, is what they say. She kind of needs it. Can we just bring my book-browsing down to a single roll to see if anything of use-- I take it easy. I have one more in the first half of the day, and one in the second half. --you are poisoned. Is that where I went the last time? Except not as myself. So I'll go as myself. All right. Don't fuck me, Vax. That is-- Yeah, the thing about even a light German accent is that when you say "Vex" and "Vax", it's the same shit. (laughter) And the person who ran this place was an older man, right? Just sipping tea. I'm sorry. You have a nice selection here. Do you mind if I ask-- I haven't seen any other booksellers of any kind in town. I'm not really looking for anything on farming, so much. Is there anywhere else I could look into? Zadash. No, it's a fine selection. Sorry. How much for this book on hoe technique? Oh. I'm very embarrassed, I'm sorry, I gave away my last two silver pieces. I gave away my last two silver pieces, so. Maybe I can earn it back and come back later this week. Yes. My name is Caleb Widogast. Okay, good day, thank you. You little fucking poltergeist. Frumpkin, come on. Oh yes! Matt's got to make cat sounds now! By the way, DM, can I ask-- sometime in the entire day, when Nott was getting wasted, could I have spent an hour using Arcane Recovery to gain back that one spell slot I used this morning? Magic! Grenade lobbed in by Foster at the last second. Do they get stored in some sort of locker or something? That seems fair-ish to me. Well, that's funny, because your name is also Beau. I pull-- all I have is a dagger, but I just hand it to Yasha. Yes, here you go. I open up the coat just so she can see the books. I'm practically concave. Is it concave or convex, I forget? Out of game. I just drag Nott five feet over. That is two strikes against you. I think we should really just sort of enjoy the show tonight. Well, I'll handle that for you, okay? When someone is a goblin in the middle of a town where people hate goblins-- Technically, I dragged her away, but you know, D&D is funny with what is known and not. RIP. It's pronounced 'felching'. (laughter) Nott, do you have five copper? No, I'm not asking. I was going to help you, but if you have it, you're good. I'm going to keep my hand on my meager purse for the evening. The miniatures come out, guys! Probably. But then the third campaign begins. 11. You're a cock. I would like to use my movement to push as far into the crowd as I can. Half-movement? That's fine, sure. I just want people in front of me. That's great. That's exactly fine with me and I will pull out the diamond and cast Chromatic Orb, and I will send a ball of cold at the creature that Fee-ord-- Fjord-- Yes, here it comes. My goodness. That is a 17. No. That is nine. (thicker German accent) Now is the part where we dance. He's killing the memory of Scanlan. That's our M.O., baby! Oh, pretty good. That is 17 for me. What are you at, girl? Level two, that's major. All right, I know that it's restricted movement, but I will push this way through the crowd so that I have a clearer shot, as far as I can, and then I will re-up with Chromatic Orb. I certainly don't want to do that. I want to stay in the crowd, behind people, and I will do Chromatic Orb again, but this time, I'm going to set it to acid, so see if it hit. Oh, that's not good, it's 11. Hope that didn't hit anyone. You said Superman punch, man. I would agree, it seemed to happen with this-- Have you had the elderly or the sick in these tents before? I mean, I'm sorry, but we're basically a group of strangers. Most of us don't know each other. We all have the same story. There was a show, an old man became a thing, and we helped destroy it. This one destroyed it. What more do you want from us? Caleb Widogast. While that was happening, I'm close to the edge of the tent, and at some point I just (snap) and summoned Frumpkin. I have a 30-feet outside the tent, so Frumpkin's out there. Yeah, yeah. It's a good spot. Oh my goodness. Look at all the 20s Taliesin rolled tonight.