"What are you doing in there, Sam?" "I'm just looking at my spells!" Now available in the merch store! When you show up, right off the truck, you don't know what you're doing. You're like 17 and a half here, right? Not it. Caleb would help. No, but I'm pretty smart. I was the second-to-last to say-- Ja, I have some things that I want to accomplish on my own and then I also need to have a conversation with Beauregard, but before that I need to go shopping. I have a list of things I want to do, actually. Do you want to go shopping? Travis, are you sure? Ja. Oh, what are you in the market for? Oh, well we have some fellows you could meet. I have a lot of money. Let's go shopping. Go see that beautiful baby, Travis. The baths here are quite lovely. It feels weird to interrupt whatever this is. I am in the market for some things of arcane nature. Oh, I see you're reading a book. What are you reading? Terrible wingwoman. Herr Pumat, I am considering spending about a thousand gold here and I'd be more likely to do so if maybe you could give us a better price for these things here. Well, I need-- (laughter) I need quite a bit of your finest paper and ink. I have a dearth of scroll-- a dearth. A mighty dearth. That's a different conversation, danke. I need about roughly 500 or 600 gold's worth of your finest paper and ink. There's still one left? I also need incense. Fine incense. About 60 gold worth, if you have that much on hand. So just not here. Yeah, I used it. It's all gone. Just like my cat. Obviously this is a bit of a regular thing. If, you know, the exchange rate is good. I don't need more than the 20 gold's worth of incense today, if you can order more. We're going to stay put for a little while, ja? I'll ask you later. Also-- oh dear. I need that, and I need that. Oh, yes, I was hoping to look through your selection of spells you have yourself. Nothing too majestic, but I have a short list. If you could flip to the transmutation. I'm looking for one that can help if your friends are falling and you don't want them to fall so hard. Okay. I get hurt very easily and I need something to help me get out of Dodge a little bit quicker. That's a winner. And do you have something that can, say, catapult things around the room? But I also want to be able to do it. I'm not paying for that. Ja. Straight Up Catapult, is that what it's called? I'll take that as well. No. There are so many, but I am of a limited budget. I'll think about it if you can help my friend Beauregard with a good price on those. How much is that running for? (continually coughs) Sad you're not here? Oh, I'm allocating my funds to other things, my friend, I'm sorry. I am dropping a total, if we're all amenable, 960 gold on various things, and I think that is a pretty good pile. Maybe you could knock a couple hundred off of the price of those bracers. Yeah, that is a 21. 872, 873, 874. LAURA and 949. 951, 952. Yeah, and 600 gold with of paper and ink, and then 20 for all the incense you have right now, and I'm going to leave 40 in advance for more incense coming. Oh, jeez. I would like to give you 60 gold now for that much incense. I understand you only have about 20 now, but I know you're good for the rest, so I'll just pay in advance. Thank you for your business. What was that book that you were reading? Are you the last Pumat of the Pumats to read it? Hmm. You should form a book club. Well, thank you for your business, I have a lot to do. And I am going to attempt to lift the crate of paper. Oh, thank you. With the legs. Exeunt. And I guess as we're leaving, walking along, Beauregard, who's sort of googling at her new bracers, do you have any plans-- I don't know how to answer that. You look angry. Do you have any, er, plans to-- well, I would like to, I don't know if you want to. But may I go to the library again with you? Oh, thank you. Oh, for a day or two? Er, yes. If you wouldn't mind, I would be very-- If they give me-- Would I be allowed to peruse this-- I did not say you were my babysitter! I just wanted to look at the books! I don't know why you had that in your mind! I just want to look-- Thank you. And I walk off with my paper. (whispers) I do have a couple things left on my to-do list though, okay? (laughter) They even had my hand-me-down Periapt of Wound Closure. Your Laura is showing. (singing) Best lay ever. That's why we're here. This is serious. Heirloom. Artisinal. (whispering) Shallots! Chives! Yeah, if that invitation was good and I have about, as she said, the next day, Caleb's going to pull an all-nighter. I'm going to spend time in a hotel room, an inn, and take the lucky rock and I'm going to fill it with transmutative power and make a Transmuter's Stone out of it, and for now we will have it let me see in the dark. For now. I would also transcribe every spell that was in the book and every scroll that I have found so that I use up all the paper that I have purchased. Have every spell. And Frumpkin is back. As a cat. There is only one Frumpkin. I stayed up all night doing all of those things because they're very time-intensive and would have went to find Beauregard, very tired and ready to go, to stay at the library as long as I am able. She said a number of days, and when those days are up, the thing that I would do is spend as much time that is left with the-- I would borrow Jester's haversack, if she would let me, and spend time with the dodecahedron. I want to learn all of the martial arts. Hallo. Oh, thank you. Thank you. Bo-bo-bo-bo-bo-bo-bo. If I had four days to peruse at will, I would have spent the first day trying to research anything I could find about Xhorhas, the Xhorasians' mentions of beacons, of them living many lives, their religion, if possible. Investigation? That is 19. Pray to the great god titty. Do I find any mention of these beacons-- he mentioned beacons, plural-- and reincarnation or multiple lives? I spend a day reading about that. I will spend every remaining day reading about-- I was rushed the first time I came here, so I'm going to spend every day left reading about the weave of time and any mortals' attempts to control it. 22. Nearly killed. Does it talk about any of the people who were nearly killed but weren't? No record of their names? I would still have spent the entire three days reading about that. Dunamis. Ja, good, cool. Super cool. Danke. Then I'm all done with all my shit. Yep. Is the Traveler happy with you yet? Just everybody think back to the stink eye Laura gave us on the hospital run. Jeez Louise! I'm old! Somewhere in another part of the city entirely, Caleb's going Oh, that's interesting. Wait, they all blink out? Got any spell slots left? Not since Scanbo, I think. That is also the most exciting night Kumas has had in ten years. It's almost like a game of D&D. Feed me! (as Kumas) I want rice pudding! I got a lot of reading done. Oh, library books, so they're not mine. That's the beauty of a library. Is this a realization that you had? You were off on your own. Are you okay? That's true. Is it an actual cove? An abused cantaloupe. Oh, no. No, I have no specific destination in mind. I'm happy to accompany you if the group sees fit. No, I have never been out of the Empire. What about you? Can't Jester send messages? (shouting) Who are you drinking? And not very explained at all. Well, what if you tried? How about right now? Is there any of this that you have not shared yet? You speak of a remedy. How do you mean? Do you mean you would rid yourself of that blade, these changes in you? Or am I not hitting it? Oh, good morning. Our next destination. For what it's worth, Fjord, Soltryce Academy normally starts with younger students. Not exclusively, but generally. I don't know. We're all agreed, then, that Fjord eats poop. After what we have been through in the last month, it'd seem foolish to split up now. I'm curious about the Menagerie Coast. She would be okay with you-- Seven spell slots later. (as Jester) Okay, I'm starting at the top again. It is dangerous there. Not yet. Where's the map? Is that on the way? Oh, it's to the north, it's not towards the Menagerie Coast? Where's the map? Do you want to propose it to the group? I'm happy to go, of course. What's the time limit on that? It's the end of the month, right, on the delivery. And we're at the beginning of this month, or the middle-- Beginning. What if that is the next place we go? So much water on this road! Tell you what after the coast, we will propose it to the group. If they don't want to go, I will go with you. Eh. I don't know. Go ahead. I mean, I've expanded my repertoire. I have a few new tricks that I will hold onto for the right moment. Are you okay? Okay. You seem a little restless to me. I'm working on mine. Mine is a little long-goal, perhaps. You know what I've done. Well, I don't have one plan in mind. Part of me thinks that I should just stop it from happening to anyone else. Part of me is very selfish and wants to carve it out of my past. It's dangerous, not just to me. That is true. You are my greatest friend. I like you because you are funny, but it's more than that. We will get you what you want. Even if there is some risk. Because if it's really important, it's worth the risk, ja? Okay. You and I, we have an agreement. A pact. Whatever you need, we are going to make it happen. Ja. If it is in my power, I will do it. That's funny. I've never been to the beach. Done and done. The Cad in the Hat delivers. We could go anywhere on the planet at any time. Matt, we want to go to Brazil-- No, Norway.