I am also going to Bak-Anime, not to be confused with SacAnime, on February 3rd and 4th. B-A-K, that's real soon. So I'll be there. Wait! Comic book next week. Issue four. Comic book. With crownsguard? If I could just contribute one word, the 40 or so people who are outside and the rest of us will vouch for this one, the colorful one. He saved many people's lives. Don't take my word for it. There's everyone outside. I send Frumpkin to follow. I don't know. I'm having second thoughts about being here at all. Yes, and we're not going to leave without him. Why don't we just--? That's right. DM? Is it possible for me, if Nott is holding my hand and leading me, to go full third eye and walk blind and deaf here looking through Frumpkin's senses? Right. I can talk, but I can't hear you. I can talk and hold her hand so she can stop me from prat-falling all over myself. But we've done this before so you know to squeeze my hand really hard if I should pipe down. First of the show! I'm going to call my cat back to me and I drop the telepathy and I just start tugging you back to the Nestled Nook. Come on, we have to talk about this. We have to decide what we're going to do. My cat was in there, but not I. Well, we would've walked up to the building, the cat would've scurried around, if possible. So I'd like to think that I heard all that, which is why just I said all the things I did. That's eight Frumpkins. We're not there. Yeah. We're having a talk. During all of that, I would have dragged you back here, brought you upstairs. And I whip off my ratty coat, throw it on the bed and sit down on the ground so that I'm eye level with you, Nott. Nott, you and I have to make some decisions right now, okay? Yes. Well, I know why we said we were coming here. Yeah. I didn't say, I also had the idea-- you know, you and I meeting and teaming up has been a good thing. That's what I like about you. I have been thinking, and yesterday just furthers that thinking, that I don't think you and I are enough. I had the idea that we would come here maybe and find others that we could tag along with, or meet up the way you and I did. But now I think that is a terrible idea! The people we spent the day with are lunatics. I don't think that we can do this. I've changed my mind entirely, and I think we should go, but we can't now because we are stuck here for the moment. No. You know, I had not thought of it quite in that way and that is a good point, but I am not convinced. I'm not convinced. And perhaps we're better off-- maybe I was too ambitious. All right. Well, we'll wait and see. While we're here, one thing, okay? No Money Pot. No Rat Food. None of those plays. I have silver, we don't need it right now. We're sealed here, and they are watching. We're with a couple of tieflings, a little person in a doll mask, and a dirty ginger. We've got people staring at us every second of the day. We need to dial it back a little bit. You just talk to me. You hold Frumpkin. Just keep your hands full with Frumpkin, okay? Hold my cat, okay? And then this is going to blow over because we didn't do anything! We did something good. That's right. But it was a good show, wasn't it? I was going to suggest the same thing. In fact, I think we should go downstairs. They're going to be coming back. We don't want to cause a stir with them, either. We just want to leave if that's what we're going to do. Okay. Let's get a drink. We head downstairs. We did, I did not come to Trostenwald to go to jail. We are tired. We've been traveling a long time. We've been saving. Wanted to take it easy for a few days. I wander away from these two with their questions and I sit down with Molly. I would love to see something cool. That's pretty good. Have you always been an artist? So where do you two come from? Yes, you two with the horns. No, you are very different it's very clear. He's every color. Remember when we started the first campaign and all those places came in a split second and all that history. I'm from Shrev`nam Chicago. Oh yes. So you're a traveler then? Since childhood? You have a lot of scars. Frumpkin scrabbles up onto Nott's shoulder. Do you see many goblins walking around cities here? Well, let me make it clear goblins are not typically welcome in any cities, that is why the mask. We don't have many of those at the moment. It's like a nervous tick a little bit. There is that one magic trick that you're able to do. Would you like to show them the magic trick that you can do? I pull out a small red clay ceramic bowl. Then I pull out a copper piece. Here, you know the trick, right? You're good. Fibulous. That is a silver coin right there. The magic is not that strong. Also, you know, they basically helped us out today. You can do it for one, for them. It can be whatever you want it to be. You have to agree upon it and you have to focus on that word for one full day while you are in possession of the pot. Skinky doodie, that is unique. I'm sure no one else has possession of that arcane power word. I could consider it yours if you focused on it all day tomorrow. But you really have to focus. You want to see a trick? I am well into my second trost at this point. I can show you a trick. Young lady, if you would assist me please. Step up onto the table. Adjust your minds. I begin to weave one hand in a slow circle around the other, and a globe of golden light poofs out. A second little globule of light comes out. Then two more at the same time come out of my hand. Then they amass upon my little companion and form a similar sized little humanoid of light that then coincides with my little friend. She is glowing golden on a table in the middle of the Nestled Nook. The Goblight, ladies and gentlemen. The Goblight! I could always do that a little bit, as a kid. I was always good with magic. I had a knack for it. That one's easy. Well, thank you. Are you reading a lot? Well, it could be helpful. Although, I'm a bit of an amateur teacher. I taught Nott the one trick you saw, but other things. We've been working together, I suppose I could try to help you. Oh, I'm sorry, do you two not know each other super well? You seem like you do. We've seen that window thing a couple times. It's good. Gustav, the person who runs the circus, is he your friend? He's family? So what's your play tomorrow? Self destruct in 10, nine. Yeah, we're already down there. To change the way I look? To leave the inn? Why would I do that to leave the inn? Why wouldn't I just walk out of the inn? Yeah, we could. But not town, we were told to stay in town. Why shouldn't we just wait for it all to blow over? We didn't do anything. Do you find yourself in situations like this often? That's a girl. Everybody can tell. Is it like one of those old kids toys where you use the magnet to pull the little filings up? Herr Woolly. While they're doing all that, I want to stroll outside and see if there's crownsguard outside, or what. I'm just going to get a breath of fresh air and see what's on the street outside of this place. Good. There's only just the two at the door? Okay, all right. So I just take a minute or two. I go back inside. And-- on Nott's shoulder and say we're good, yeah, I think we're good. I'm going to squat down over with you, privately. I still think that this is a bad idea, but I can tell that you want to. It really is pretty nice, isn't it? Still, if this goes south, we leave. Easily. Caleb and Nott. All right. So we're doing this? Isn't it simpler for you to walk on yourself like a beautiful woman? Well, we could find some public places and just gossip a bit, see if anybody has heard of him, if a friend has died at the circus last night. Grimjay? So our war against the old continues. How long of a snake are we talking about? The wards border the lake. Yeah, I would really love a drink and I sit down next to him. What do you have? I need something heavier than a trost. I've had enough trosts to last me a lifetime. I will take your liquor. I have that. I pull out eight silver. Oh wait, silver, did you say? I do not have eight silver. You do? Honestly, it's been a terrible 24 hours. We were at the circus last night and I did not know him well, but old man Brinjay fell. Did you know him? It was a terrible way to go. I'm sorry. I heard he was sick, too. I'm sure his family will miss him very much. Subtle, guys. Can I see what's on the spine of that book from where I am? How's your trashy novel? Is it a good one? No judgement. Oh no, I'm fluent in Zemnian. I've read all of his works. Mutual fan. I love the Farthing's Embrace. It's an early one. He actually did it under a pseudonym. He did a whole series under that pseudonym, short stories. Farthing's Embrace. You're a big reader or just Samuel? I read a lot, but all I've been able to find in this town is that parchment place. Here in town? Burnished Bibelots. Which ward is that in? Oglen? That is good to know. Thank you. Those are hard to find, the Farthing's Embrace. He wasn't as proud of them. Early work and all that. That would be the place. My name is Caleb. This has been quite a day. I sneak my undrunk whiskey to Nott. I do speak Zemnian. It means-- Do I know? It's been a while, but osten means lake. No, it's not Lake Lake. That's your work? That's impressive. You took it all by yourself? But I saw your guns last night. You probably took the lead. We have been in the woods for too long. I've forgotten how to talk to people. You obviously have not heard the news from the traveling circus in town. From last night. That's correct. Is there anything out of the ordinary from the past week or two that comes to mind? Anything off about the run-of-the-mill stuff? He just means out of the ordinary, yeah? What's up? Yeah, we've done nothing wrong. We're not sweating it. I'm not sweating-- What are you talking about? None of us did anything. None of us! We protected the people of this town! It is true. That's easy. Let's go solve a mystery, Nott. We came up with bupkus. About a minute? Hey kiddo, do you want a piggy-back? Scramble up, let's go talk to some people. I'll wander down to where people are working. Where people are moving crates around. Okay, so that's the plan, is to look for people moving crap around, the same way that Enon is said to have. So that's what we'll do. All right. Not that great. Oh! That didn't help. 12 for me. And there's no point even asking questions because we've asked them all for two hours, yeah? Okay, well that's a big zero. You want to go book shopping with me? Okay. I believe that gentleman said that the Burnished Bibliots was in the Northward, correct? Okay, so I'll start asking questions to get us there. All right, well I will walk up to the door and knock on it. Is there any breaks in the door or the building or cracks that Frumpkin could fit into? Are there any windows or anything or is it all a big, dirty, dingy mess? How busy is the front of this place? No one's around us, though? Yes. No. [knocking] Hello? Yes please, you're open for business I take it. All right. Frumpkin climbs back up onto Nott's shoulder and nestles in. I am scouting the city for books, I am starved for books. Yes sir, I'm sorry what is your name? Oglen Hornsblower. Well I see you sell a great many things in here, books included. This is just things you've collected throughout your lifetime? I don't know what you just said, but I am interested in books. Particularly in the arcane realm, but any kind of book. Do you have anything that you just outright know is out of the ordinary? All right, friend, let's-- It's like Winter's Crest morning for me and I'm scanning the shelves. Yes. You want to find some sort of tool that helps you do what you do best. Investigation check, that is a 21. Well, off the bat, I don't know where that is in D&D Beyond yet. But if I open up my binder I bet I have a paper version that I can verify with. I speak Sylvan, Common, and Celestial and I also can Comprehend Languages as a ritual spell but I think that takes some time. Ten minutes. That's correct. I'm so happy. You have quite a shop here. You have some real treasures. I'm particularly interested in both of these books. I don't know though, I don't think that-- I mean I'm rather tight on coin at the moment so-- Maybe my eyes are too big for my stomach. How much would you part with these for? Which one is which? The arcane, weird one. Okay. Would you have any interest in a magic cat? Frumpkin disappears from on Nott's shoulder. Reappears next to the little man. I'll take that as a no! That might be it, I don't really know. I didn't think that this would happen so quickly. Hold on, I have to see if Frumpkin is still here. One hit point of damage? He's still here. So you don't like cats, I understand that. Well I was trying to sample the merchandise for you. Because if it was just a cat it was just a cat, but this one-- changes to my other shoulder-- he's a magic cat. You can roll him in mud, he comes back clean. He disappears, he reappears, he brings you things. Gone. Here's what I propose. I do not have ten gold at the moment. But it doesn't feel like you get a lot of thoroughfare here, so I'm going to come back to purchase this later. That's it. That's the end of my spiel; that's all I've got. I'm interested, and thank you for giving me the time. It's okay. Nott? Maybe we'll come back tomorrow. Piggyback? Within the week, I promise. I don't think he saw. No. Just wait one moment, okay? Wait for me here? Wait right here. I cast Detect Magic just before I walk back into the store. I look all around. What are your hours, here? As I look to see if there is anything besides that book, anything. Besides the book he put down? Middle of the night, even? All right. Business is business. Thank you! Bis später. That guy does not speak Zemnian! Let's go back to the hotel, shall we? We spent hours there, no one knew anything about the old man. I don't really understand what she's saying. You were out that late? Are you asking for my cat to haul up our rope? It's pretty limited. They don't go that far. What are you trying to do? I can take care of that. I have some magic for that. That is correct. Yeah. I will take a moment to do that and it will let me know. That you know of. One mile of the warded area. I just need ten minutes. And I pull out a little spool of silvered thread and stretch it out. Where did you want this? Over the window? Well, I can do the entire room really, I can go doorknob to-- The funny thing about this thread, there's no end to it. So I start looping it all the way around the room and tie it off, and take out one of my books from the holster, the one on the left side, and I open it up. You guys watch as I spend ten minutes referring to the book and tracing symbols on the floor. Along, underneath the thread, and about ten minutes of time, nothing happens, but that's taken care of. Yeah, either that or I'm really bullshitting you and nothing happened. Forty-- 12. Ten. No, I wouldn't have brought it up if something had happened. That's an oval. That's a triangle. 15. Disguise Self and follow suit. Yeah. Can I start going (groans) Oh get off, you little beast! To help with the illusion? But roll with advantage. I'm helping you, you little-- Oh no! I take Nott and slam her into a wall as hard as I can and say Down you beast! I have it! And I punch Nott right in the face. I have this. We're taking these people across to jail. Don't you fucking move you little green piece of filth. This one is mine, thank you. Beat her within an inch of her life. Natural 20. (cheering) The rest of you lot fall in line. I drag the little one off. Have they cleared the way? Are you all right? I am so very sorry, I'm so sorry-- Let me see your teeth. Okay. You look all right. Okay. Who wants to go to the circus? You you want to go with them? I'll go with him. Frumpkin will go with you. I'm a little jittery, do you want to be a front man for a little while? Okay. You are very good with voices. Yeah, let's have a look around. I take a rag out of my side satchel and I cast-- what the hell is it called because I've only been a wizard for a short time-- one Dancing Light underneath the rags so it's only dim. Yeah. What the fuck are we looking for in here? That's right, yeah. Is there anything arcane? From all my studies, does anything here ring any bell? I have a photographic memory. All right. That is a ten. Okay. What about the perimeters of here, where all the people were? There was a swarm of people. I spend five minutes seeing anything was dropped of interest. I miss the twins. Big ten. I have many pockets, of course I have pockets. He's just in the Blue Man Group unitard and that's it. So this dead thing is here in front of me? I will take my dagger, and I will slice a little bit off of the woman, and it's going to get dark in here and I will snuff out the light and use the rag to roll it up and I'll put the little piece in my pack. Let's get out of here, I'm going to be sick. Cleric shit! Yes! This? Everything! I have that ability, it lets you know exactly where the fiend is. Which of those things is the fiend? It could have easily been the little girl. DM, on a minor note, I put my hand on Fjord's shoulder and say I'm going to be blind for a second, give me a little slap if anything goes wrong. And I tune into Frumpkin who should still be-- And then Frumpkin takes off? So I'm looking at myself after a moment. Oh. (snarling noises) Whispers! There's no pencil smudges. My cat is on patrol because we've been standing with our dicks in our hands for a long time. No! I'm not complaining, but I would have sent the cat out. I mean, just because we're standing here so long, I would have been nervous and again held on to this guy's big bicep and sent the cat out. Fjord, something bad is happening. Do I know where in relation to Fjord and I this is? I can talk, but I can't hear anything when I'm doing this. The frog is on the move. Frog is on the move. Away from us? But I don't know where the others are. I come out of it and I-- Zombies. I start running towards the tent that I saw Jester peek out from under.