Excellent mime work. No one die in the last one of 2018. Don't die! We're closing in on four years. That is correct. Almost four years of D&D here. Hmm. Feels good. Tomorrow night! It was a thing. It was very special. Uk'otoa? (parrot caw) A lot happened real fast. Now we're complete. Do you know anything about this island? Is it large? Mm-hmm. I think that I will stay behind on the boat but I think you should go. If you see any incense, I would appreciate it if you picked some up. Yeah, probably. Ja. (clears throat) Did we not open them? I think I actually will be all right, though. Thank you. I don't get the sense that a lot of high-quality paper and ink makes it to this island, but I have been wrong before, so if you see any would you bring some back and I will reimburse you? I'm just going to take it easy today. Yeah, but you know, I don't offer a lot of muscle to this group but I do have a little bit of knowledge. So, you know, in situations like that just give me a moment to have a look around the room, please, Fjord. Yes, thank you, Beauregard. Lot of books. Yeah, maybe you were locked behind something or there was some way to release it in the room. Also, we're giving you a hard time, but there was no reason why I needed to keep fiddling with this thing, and I pat the satchel that I have the ball in. Could have left it well enough alone. That's deep in. (Mickey Mouse voice) Hail, seitan! Test drive a Ford Practical today. All those teenagers in hoodies are going like-- Where else are you going to go? Roll for Nic Cage. I am a morning pooper, so that happened at the very beginning. Once I watched Yasha leave the boat, I would have snapped Frumpkin to, and set him purring, and worn him like a scarf. Go back to my chambers, and slowly and methodically take out the silver wire, and cast Alarm outside of my doorway. Then take another ten minutes to cast Leomund's Tiny Hut as a ritual in the room, so that the bubble goes up to the door. Then I will take out the jar of beads, and the thing of ink, and the sphere from Twiggy. I would rest that on the table. Then, as memory serves, there was one book with arcane equations open on the table, which I put away. Was there a second book on the table, at that point, as well? There was two we got in our rush, and Caduceus just gave him one. I would set all four books down in a row, and the sphere is there, and these two items. Stare at them. After a minute of feeling Frumpkin purr away and staring at them, I say in my own language, in Zemnian, I say Well, you piece of shit, you should probably get to work. I sit down, and I will Identify the two items. I will check out the books, and if any of them are locked, I will cast Knock on them to open them. Bees, or bees, or bees. And bees, and bees. Is the ink normal? That is probably it, I would-- Oh, right. Yes, correct. Yes, let's inspect the other three. 21. That's two? Eiselcross. Not separated in any way, just frozen over, to the north, or is it separate? Okay. Well, there's nothing else that I would do. I would say that all the time they were gone, he sits rolling the ball on the table and speed reading these books. That's it. (whispering) Even Frozen-er Depths. She can rage; she doesn't need a shield. (singing to the tune of "Moon River") Ball eater. (laughing) Very minty. Matthew Mercer's ball campaign. What is the plan, Captain? Exactly. It would be very embarrassing for the people who designed that temple we visited. We've come a long way. What are you going to do with the cat? There is no bird or octopus; he is a cat. I am out of supplies for-- he's a cat. Everything just changed. How much did you get? May I have it? Thank you. Where do we want to dump him in the ocean again for a look around? I can do two things. We can send Frumpkin into the air and-- I'll sit down on the deck and start drawing in chalk on the wood and putting my cat in the middle of it, even though he has only been a cat for a few days. Ten minutes later we have an octopus. We'll try that sometime, okay? Not good. Eight. I see a whole lot of ocean. 14. I'm going to send him in slowly larger circles over time. Now are we talking architecture or natural? I relay this. There's more dead things down below. That tower's familiar to you, huh? So you misspoke? Okay. One of them seemed to spasm. Most likely, yeah. Will you stay close to me down there, please? Your first statement was accurate. Yeah. There was a jar full of-- they're like boba. It's food. It lasts a long time. Yeah. The ink is good; it will help me in my studies. One of the books was about debate. One was a spell book. And there's useful things in it. A little, yeah. I pull her even a little further away and turn our backs to the group and-- That's fine. I've been getting a little wrapped up in this team; we're working as a team, and I've forgotten you and me. I've forgotten. Yeah. Stay close. Caleb is standing behind Beauregard and sliding his octopus onto his head. Always stealthily. Is anybody putting some juice on this? No? Straight roll? Thanks. That's plus ten? Advantage. Oh, they're both good. Now even better. 20. Well, I can hit for sure, but-- No. They're wrapped up in the seaweed? Are we sure we want to make a hit on these things that are tangled up, as opposed to this one that is free floating? Not that close. Little over a hundred feet away. Well, you tell me. As far as I'm concerned, you're calling the shots here. I could either focus what I'm going to do on one of them, or I could tickle all of them. It would just get their attention. It would not solve anything. Okay. Well, I will aim for the one closest. I begin to weave my hands underwater and cast Magic Missile. I'm casting at 2nd-level. Four beads of energy. Nine-- nein points of damage. Oh, 13, excuse me. No, I'm nibbling on some licorice root, and casting Haste on Fjord, and backing away. I'm going to try to do a bit of a science experiment, and cast Fire Bolt at the one next to Beauregard, and see if it even works down here. Okay. Ah, no. I rolled a two. I move back. (exaggerated Southern accent) Careful, they spit. What's left? What's-- Oh, Magic Missile. Yeah. Hold on a minute. Go. Look around the tower. Yeah. He'll spiral around, look for any other entrances. Oh jeez, it jumped on the box, cocked. Natural one. That's what I've been saying all this time. I summon my octopus back to my head. We did some talking. You just went (gasping), and then it's gone. Travis, how are you going to handle the shaft? Start at the base. Maybe we could send your friend in the door at the bottom while we go in the top? What do you propose? I poof a little globule of light in my hand and motion to Beauregard from far away and go-- I make three more. How tall is the tower roughly? Okay, so I will stay 50 or 60 feet away from the tower and I will send one in the top, one in the bottom, and two through windows. 30 feet from you or from the temple? I might be. You're always back. Yeah. It's a front-bottom. The madness. Oh my god. That was my wife.