That was strangely manic and desperate. Did you literally write that in the bathroom six minutes ago? Burn it. Not the book, Laura's die. I'm going to be at BAK-Anime this weekend. Two days only in Bakersfield, California. I will talk and I will go out in public. I'm really shabby at the moment. That's good. Let's go back and talk to the cops. What about just its head? It's all you, blue. The imps burned away? Because that's what you want to stick your finger in. Caleb just retched into the grass from watching that. If it will help tomorrow or today-- what time is it? It's the middle of the night, isn't it? I know exactly what time it is, don't I? Yeah. It's something I've always been able to-- why is everybody looking at me like-- (vomiting sound) (fwoosh) How far away are they from the rest of us? I was just about to suggest covering that up, but you know, all cards on the table. I pull Fjord away for a moment, about ten or 15 feet away. This man in the boat has seen all of you who are supposed to be under house arrest. We cannot have him talking to the authorities. Jeez! Come here. Oh, that's very trusting. Oh, you're here too, now. Great, it's a party. I'm not suggesting that, but it's either violence or giving him a little something. You want to leave it to chance? Molly, do you want to join this conversation? Walking up to the boat-- Collecting it as I go. The thing of it is, we've just done Trostenwald-- what was that? Never mind. --a great service. There was an unsavory element-- did you know the circus was in town? Doesn't matter. There was a bad fellow-- that's his head-- with them. It's no fault of theirs. You pick weird folk up on the road in the circus. Isn't that right, Mollymauk? That's going to rile you up. That's a bad idea. But the situation in town is a little political. We're going to take this thing out of here and I'm going to report it to the authorities. We don't really want to create a stir and frighten people here. I hope you will take-- Try to focus on the gold. I think Fjord had a good idea, which is if you can disguise yourself as a crownsguard again, you wait with it. You guys get back to the tavern, yeah? Now, here's the thing. I may be speaking out of turn-- I know I don't know you very well, but it feels like the thing that we all share in common here is that we don't wish to make-- maybe not you-- make a big splash here. Okay, so maybe I'm 70 to 80 percent correct, but we're all in this together. I don't want to make a big thing. I'm going to go the authorities, to-- my keen mind tells me that woman's name was--? Yeah, the one who wanted to go eat. Norda? I want to go to her and citizen's arrest kind of thing. Keep it quiet, don't need big accolades, will take gold, and then I'll bring that back and we can divvy that up. That's no problem. Right, and if nobody recognizes you-- Do you remember any of the guards that were in town that you could make yourself look like specifically? DM, question. The two zombified back at the circus tents, were they burnt to a crisp beyond recognition? Yeah, but was he recognizable? Did we leave him looking like that dude at the end of The Last Crusade after he drank from the wrong cup? Okay. Well, the Jonas Brothers it is, friends. They already believe that the circus is terrible. I think they were just going to confirm their own suspicions. Well, that's a sticky situation. Because what if she talks about my friends who were there with me? It looks like she knows how to go off like a siren. I'm at one hit point, I understand. Can you explain to us, maybe, your relationship with Kylre? If that was his name. Let's talk about the killing part, though. Child, how did you grow so close to him? Did he communicate with you in some way? What did you talk about? I am sure this is painful for you. You are young. Sometimes people we feel we know can be someone else. Regrettably, this is one of those instances. He was a dangerous thing. It is very important that this is buried here. You want to travel on with the circus and with Mollymauk and your friends. That thing tried to kill us. It did kill things in Trostenwald. Who knows what it would have done to you, child? Oof. No, it's not good. It is only a six. Rolled very low. Rated T for Teen. I talk to him while you do that. You have your wine, you have your gold. Thank you very much, it is much appreciated. It was a lovely trip. Oh, I have felled a beast. You will not take credit for my kill. I have killed this thing and I want it to be watched. I am going to the authorities. We will bring them back and get this sorted. Monster calves. Yeah, but at level two you need to roll higher than a three. That is correct. Take her and sequester her with the family so not a peep gets out. You're going to stay with your new friend. You can't come to-- Not this time. It's not-- you know why. If any problem should arise, I'll send Frumpkin straight away to you. I'm almost dead already. Nott, this is what I talked to you about the other night. These are our friends and we're going to sort this out and figure out what we do next. It has been you and me, now it is you and me and them. Okay? You're with your blue friend here. I'll be back. I'm just going to have a conversation. We have gotten out of prisons before, you and I. I'm not worried about that. Well, she was just holding the throbbing head. I don't need to cause I'm just taking a stroll. Yep, that's my girl. Look at him! No, I'm not waiting. I'm going to see Norda, so I'll see you shortly. Be ready. Excuse me, and I lurch and prop myself up against a wall and push back. Excuse me. I just had a very harrowing night. You get me Norda this very minute and I will tell you what has happened with this circus and in this town and don't keep me waiting another minute. I'm bleeding out here. Arschloch. Oh, come on. I wish I had gone with that because it was great there but it's not great here. That is a nine! Excuse me. There are very good people being held under house arrest in a tavern right now. They are innocent. I have evidence that I can show her. This whole thing can be solved now. Okay. I look him in the eye. I will go away. Get the message to her that the head of the circus frog is at the docks, waiting for her inspection. I remember the height. (shouting) There is a circus toad's remains at the docks! I would like to put this town's fears to rest. I am looking for-- What's her name? Yorda. Norda. Yorda's at the inn. Right? Liam's memory is really spotty, but Caleb's is rock-solid. Thank goodness. Thank you, gentlemen. Forgive me, I can see that you're trying to get yourself home to bed. You are very aware that there are people at the Nestled Nook under house arrest by your order? They are innocent and I can prove it, and I would like to end things as quickly as possible. I have killed one of the circus folk this evening. Funny story. Yes, these are the people I was talking about. Nothing has changed, however, and I am only asking to take another ten minutes of your time to walk to the dock. One of the performers has been killed this evening, and I have done it. I staked out the circus because my friends were in trouble, and wrongly accused, and I knew this. So I staked out the circus this evening, and watched as this toad thing left the grounds there. It did this to me, and I, in a rage, followed it and destroyed it, and I will show you the remains of my work. We'll put it to bed. I'm either a clown or I'm a toad-killer. Let's see what it is. Come on, you fucker. 11. You know, that's probably agitating the issue. Let's go to the docks. I'm good with these terms. Follow me please. I am not going to answer her. I'm just walking very firmly, with purpose, to the docks. Moment of confusion-- here it is, right here, where I left it. Nobody has tampered with it. I turn around and I pull back my clothing and show a huge slash across my body, and say You see this? It was done by this thing. (whoosh) It is as bad as it looks, and if you have any holy people in this city, they will confirm that this thing is fiendish. I hope you don't believe that I slashed open my own body and then went to the police. I sit down on a crate and I stop talking. No, it's good that you try so hard to protect the rights of giant frog creatures. I'm very impressed. Just me. Yes it was difficult, but I prevailed in the end. The city is safe. What library was that that you mentioned? Here in town? Oh sorry, one last thing, Watchmaster. I pull out the book that I read about the nergaliid. Here this is a gift, for you. This is folklore. You will find I have marked a page in there. It will describe this thing. It's just a pot. You're the little girl here. You're confused. It's been a night. (singing) Breaking the law, breaking the law! Well, first a question. Are you familiar with Occam's Razor? I figured. Okay. That one works for the circus. Do I look like I work for the circus? No. I'm a dirty hobo and I reek like yesterday's garbage. Yeah. This one, does he look like a circus performer? Is he filthy like me? But he's right here! Look, I can touch him. The sardonic one, right? With the shit-eating grin. Does she look like she works for the circus? I am injured within a centimeter of my life. This one is a nincompoop. That's you. I pull the mask away. This is my good friend. She's a goblin. I step in front of her. She is my friend and colleague and you will not lay a hand on her while I am standing here. Fucking right I will. That is an 11. (chanting) Level two! She's looking into my chest because Nott is behind me. I'm sorry, I'm confused why you're going to such lengths to defend the rights of this large, oversized frog skull. There's a big conspiracy to make undead crownsguard here in the city? You know, when she's nervous she aerates her bladder, all right? Still sucks. I invite Nott up to my piggy-back position on my shoulders. I scoop her up. Just let it happen. Can I have my book back, please? How much do you think the circus has? What happens to the circus, because, you know, you can't do the same show for the same people for a year? We don't know, we didn't see him. The Nestled Nook. Yeah, we're just like tieflings, we're all alike. Well, if it is this thing that we've read about in the book, then perhaps he needed to feed more or was impatient for some reason? And, I'm sorry, are we also taking the bouncer into our little coven of weirdos. Is that a thing that's happening? I'm too tired to argue. Let's get that drink. That is a very sick burn. I catch Nott's eye and silently mouth the word 'lunatics'. A what? They generally run from crystals. I've seen that kind before. Yeah, there's no balloons, though. What's a balloon? Oh, a dirigible? Dirigible I've heard of, but a balloon? I don't know what that is. You don't know. You know, just out of curiosity, what's everybody plan to do now? You were never wanted. Back to my question-- Straight there. Yeah. Took the words out of my mouth. I don't know. You know, Nott and I have been travelling together for a while and two is better than one, although still very difficult. Uh... you know, it was six months ago, about. Five, six months ago. I'll do persuasion. That's uh, I don't know where on my character sheet is. That's also a 14. Well, first of all, she's being modest. It was not just me at all, I could not have gotten out of there without you. I don't think you could have gotten out of there without me either but you know. That's why I said two. Better than one. One is the loneliest number. Yeah. You know, normally I wouldn't feel comfortable talking about shit like this but you are all very shifty. No, no, no, you're shifty as well. Yeah. No, nothing serious at all, really. I was too curious. She was maybe a little thirsty. You know, petty stuff. We all know how this country works. (clears throat) You know, I wouldn't go west, maybe. Yeah and they're pretty terrible in the north. That's no secret. Mollymauk, you're comfortable leaving the circus? You are very-- you have a lot of flair. That doesn't make any sense at all. I mean, it does but it blatantly obvious and simplistic. (laughter) I mean, technically this is a group. You mean groups bigger than this group or is this group too claustrophobic for you or-- ? Yeah? (clears throat) Yeah, I'm good, thank you. (laughter) Do we have time to-- look at this, we're making plans with friends, that's amazing. Do we have for errands in the morning? I have a couple stops. Nothing major. Yeah. Way up after Nott has gone, I go over to Norda. Is Norda down there? No, there's two people with rhyming names. This is revenge for Vex and Vax. I find the purveyor of the establishment. Mork from Ork, that's what I said. Excuse me, is there-- I know you have a bath here, but is there a hot bath place like a bathhouse? I'm bruised over every inch of my body and I'm in a lot of pain. I know, but how much are we talking about? That's expensive. Northward, you say? Okay, good. I'm not worried. Danke. And I head up there. The writing only shows up if you throw it in fire. (laughter) I'm sure everything went according to plan. Ah-- (blood gushing) Is this one of those dreams where nobody has their clothes on? Well, you know, this is very fascinating, but I have some errands to run. Nott, would you like to run errands with me? We are totally coming back and not leaving on our own undercover. TRAVIS, LAURA, and Bring it on. Persuasion? I rolled a natural 20! Whatever. I'm being very honest! We're not going anywhere. But I do have errands to run. So, we're going to leave soon. Have some breakfast. I grab some bacon from Ford/Fjord's plate, and grab Nott and head out the door. I have two places to go. The first, we're going to the Burnished Bibelots. The second is a surprise. But I know that I whisked you away in a hurry the other day and you weren't done browsing. Maybe that's the third place that we go. I will point out your point, which was that these crazy bastards are very distracting and strange, yeah? So they could be my healing potion, you know? We'll talk about it. Third place. So, drag her off to the Burnished Bibelots. Boom, in the door. Good day to you, sir! I give Nott a little shove over towards the shelves and walk up to him, right up to the counter. What are you eating there? That looks good. All right, yeah. That's what that is. You know, I wanted to thank you for the book. I don't know if you read it yourself, but I read it cover to cover quickly. It was fascinating and very useful. [aside, quietly] I hope you're doing stuff over there. Well, here's the thing. I have read this book and loved it, and if you would like to purchase it for the low, low price of one gold, you can sell it again. You sold it to me for three. You have it back for one. You can turn a profit. Natural 20. That is a good decision, and it was a good book. I am grateful for the knowledge you have imparted upon me. Oh, of course! It's right here on the table. Sorry, grandfather. Right. You will not sell that back to me, for sure. That's a good price. Nott, how are you doing? All done for the day? What is that little dancer toy? Between the three red mushrooms on the shelf behind you, is that a music box there? It's lost the magic. How long would that take? Okay. Well, I'll come back and see your work in three days. Work on that and your breakfast. Hey Nott, are you ready? All right. Good day to you. Happy sales. Sure. Out the door. I'm going to head in the direction, dragging my goblin friend with me, to that fancy bathhouse that was described to me last night at the Nestled Nook. Charisma check? Well, something I wanted to do before we got there, was going to do it maybe in an alley, but you tell me, is I would like to cast Disguise Self on myself. Presumably gone into an alleyway so no one sees me doing this in the middle of the road. I take the form of a man in very fancy green robes, beautiful blond hair, very handsome man, with a vomit stain down the front of my clothes. I drag my little friend along with me. You are going to like this, this is something very special. Oh, charisma check. Straight charisma? Yeah, it's 11. Dew, dew. There's a liquid u in that. All right, let's enter this establishment. Yes, one moment. (quietly) Stay close to me and let me do the talking. (louder) Hello, please, don't focus-- my daughter is shy. I've had a terrible day. Some disgusting derelict has vomited all over me, I smell like filth, and I would like to spend a couple of hours in your finest bath. Maybe not your finest. A good bath, for a couple of hours. My daughter and I. I will need adjoining baths, if you have that. For modesty's sake, my daughter and I. (humming) There's a 12. That's fine. I definitely have that. I take out the eight silver, I slap it down. Okay. Come along, dear. Yes, it is. That's meine Liebchen. I'm hoping for a hot bath for the both of us. It has been a long bit of travel. Are they separate, though? Excellent. This is called a bath. A hot bath. We have been pretty dinged up for the past several months, and we might not get back into something like this for a while, so I want you to enjoy it. Go over to your side, and I will be here. Nott, I'm going to do a bit of reading. Yes. Yes, I will be the same Caleb. Trust me, I will not. Once she is clear of the wall, I'm going to start actually disrobing, although I guess the illusion stays. Nott, I'm probably going to go quiet for a little while. Enjoy it. I find the second book and examine it. Am I able to read this? So. All my actual clothes are off. I'm going to take the book and set it on the edge of the basin. I set it down. I sit with just my legs in the bath for a moment, and I look at the book. [exhales] On my side, while all of that is happening, two things. One is that when I finally get into the tub I dip my whole body almost entirely in, but not my head or hair. Letting the bruises soak in the hot water, which feels wonderful. The second thing is, while flipping the pages of this book, very still, I can hear all of this, and it is extremely endearing, but I go completely still. Completely quiet. And read in peace. [old man voice] Why is this crowbar seven gold? Shut the front door! I pack up. I said we're staying for an hour, so I cast Disguise Self again to keep the illusion going. I'm done, you look-- --refreshed. Did you like it, though? I wanted to repay you for all you've done for me for the past couple of days. The brief moment that I was in my own guise nothing changed up here, so I look exactly the way I did this morning. Who said that? You wanted to do something, right? Let's do that, then. You lead the way. Well wait, you lead the way outside. Let's keep our little schtick going here and then off we go. Yes, but we have to go. Sorry, I'm late for a very important appointment. I drag Nott right out of here because I saw no doorknob on the door. Sorry, I will say that on the way there that I dropped the disguise, somewhere. All right, Marisha said that, not Beauregard. That's a slam dunk at level two. This guy went from the Simpson's Safeway clerk to the shadiest motherfucker in a snap of time, because of your question. Yes, can I help you, good sir? Yes, I can help you. You fucking badass. What's the matter, do you have a cold? I will take that as a compliment, thank you. What are you guys doing here, are you shopping? What do they have in there? How much do they run for? 70? We have a plan for the day? Do you have a strategy for that? Which one would that be? Because I was thinking about it on the walk here and I can't think which one applies. No, I wouldn't be saying this out loud if you're close. Here's the thing, I have died almost twice in two days. We have our friends and I think that's a good way to start. I mean, you know, we almost all got pinched yesterday. You and me? All right. Okay, where are we going first? Is it this big? How far off does Hupperdook look? Do I have any knowledge of Alfield? Will you share your map with me for just one minute? It looks like somebody was very nice to you the night before, over and over again. Sure, let's do that. What's our goal in Zadash? Unless you're a foreigner, everyone knows about Rexxentrum. Zadash is medium, or smaller. How far did that map say, when I looked at it? 200 miles you said to Zadash? Well, I think it's good. How many horses? A couple of weeks on the road to a city bigger than this one. Two weeks is not a bad test run for companions. If we don't like it, we part ways in Zadash. You have something else to do? While everyone is getting ready, I wait for a moment when Fjord is on his own and everyone is busy, walk over. This group seems rough around the edges, but you seem clever. Hopefully we can make this work. I mean, full disclosure, I'm a little rough around the edges, but you catch my drift. Let's make it work. Yee-haw. Oh my gosh, and Sneaky McSneakerson over here. Oh boy. Bunch of assholes. That's the name.