Les Mis was a stepping stone for that moment. (as Mickey Mouse) Comes with Prime! Like the internet, we like to obsess about your every little movement. Still got that art book. Are we doing a show right now? (whimpering) Okay. It's her psychic power. Well. From our vantage point, it is the entrance that we're at and then there is doors to the left--? I will be at the rear. I will also do that as well, following suit with everybody. Oh, okay. Great. How about Nott? I have rolled a nine. (singing) Regular gnoll, regular gnoll. That's it. Just nine and regular gnoll, that's all that we have. That's campaign two, ladies and gentlemen. It cancelled out your advantage. It's just a straight roll and you lost the sneak attack. Welcome, friend! Welcome! It's a one! One of us! One of us! [laughing] Storytelling! Get back to me in a second, in about nine seconds. Now taking the stage, it's Mollymauk! I cannot see anything, so I cast Dancing Lights. I put one above my head and as soon as I get a little bit of light, I send one over Beau's head and then I send one about 20 feet beyond Beau and then the fourth one, even beyond that one so there's a line of four lights because I don't know what the chamber is shaped like. You know, Matthew, the guiding lights, those little '"foomphs" of light, they only have a 10-foot radius, so probably the edges of the line that I have cast just barely makes it flame. Of course. It is, of course, pretty. Never mind, just continue. Oh. Fuck that. I will stay where I am. No, thank you. Did you hear the sound go (high-pitched yell)? So it's not ten feet, it's big. It's a constitution save. 15! Thunderwave is 2d8. Yeah. 2d8 there. You want the one that's shaped like a diamond. Here it is. Yeah. That's good and then roll one more time. Oh, that's good! Oh, look at that fucking miniature! MARISHA and (singing) Careful, the kids you pull. I cannot see anything except for Fjord, so if I move forward up to where he is, am I able to see any gnolls or any other kind of baddies where I am? Then I'll let my hand blacken and I will fire off a Fire Bolt at him from here. Which I'm sure will miss. Yeah it is. It misses. (laughter) I turn to Fjord as it misses and say Eh, yeah. (laughter) I have them, they're right here! I need an intelligence bump is what I need. Boomp! What do you mean? I have a very high AC. It's okay. Unload it, give it to me! No, don't find a positive! No, actually that hurts an awful lot. You ganked him at the last second? Well don't we send a lot of them down the hole. We didn't get their ears. So bad job. It is very dark in here, what kind of bird is that you have? Yes, handle this child, but then we're very curious to ask a couple-- I'll shut up. Yeah, what do you look like? Are you a gray fox, is that what you are? Meanwhile everyone is talking to this stranger, I'm going to edge up to this hole in the ground and hold onto rocks because I'm scared to death. Look over and send my globules of light down there to see if it's a deep hole, if it goes a long way, what am I looking at? We have to get this gnoll out of the bottom of this hole because that's gold. It's still good for the monetary value that was laid out for us, so maybe on the way out we could send-- We have a rope we could lower you down and you could slice it off. Not right now, save it for a rainy day. Wait, Nott, do you want to let her take a look at it? In case it could blow up on you. You know what we could do? If we want to check this cave for more people, is that we could bring them up to the cart and I could do that one spell that I have that would let me know down here if anything is happening up there-- Yeah. If the little bell goes off in my head then I know that either that something's coming out-- The good kind, ja. We would know, more or less, not 100 percent perfect, but pretty close. Then we could come back down here quickly, and see if there's anyone else who needs help. Well, I was thinking about getting them to safety outside. If anything leaves the mine, we'll know it was them. You know, people don't bare balls all the time, but I think it's a reasonable risk at this point in time. I will help you look because I have an eye-- No, I have very-- trust me, I mean I could roll for shit but-- That's okay. Do I have advantage? That's a little better. Oh, yeah, it's good. That's 15. You know, for level three. Fünfzehn. No, actually, I'm going to scoop up some of those pieces of rotted meat and put them in my pockets. You can't smell it. That's why I'm taking it. It's there by-- good roll. Yeah, 15 for him. I would say that I did not partake in any of that. As soon as we exited efficiently, I pulled out the silver thread and I'm already doing my thing while they do that. I guess we do not need a perception check. Oh good. That's my specialty. Thank you. Ugh. Eight. Ja. You brought me from a four to a seven. I stubbed my toe! (spell effect) Frumpkin was obliterated. You know, it's funny, because only about 30 minutes ago I also had a bird, but he was obliterated. It was very sad. I'll bring him back tomorrow. He and I, we are like that. It's not a cat. I'm also going with the Dancing Lights. They're not leading the way. The closest one is actually ten feet behind us like a choo-choo train back behind the group so that it's dim light 20 to 30 feet ahead of us. Just give you a little bit of boost, you know. Oh, low rolls at both? Oh, verdammt. It didn't work, we're in trouble, they are coming. I think they're coming. Come back to us please. I already sent the message. I would get a spell back, yeah. We say ja? Ja. (singing) Damn, damn, damn. You haven't lived until you've slept on Dwarven Forge. Critical Role, Critical Role. We are down that way? Over this way? It's bright behind us, not in front of us so much. Oh, that's a 19 natural roll. He might have even thought it was a bat. Surprised is like a condition. Like poison, but they know something is-- No, you ruined it! It was so good! Can I say, I change my mind every five minutes about whether this group was a good idea or a terrible idea, and I'm listening to these chuckleheads talk to each other, and I'm waiting to cast Blur on myself when it looks like everybody's going to do something, but I'm waiting until the last minute. Good for you. You get a doughnut. Hey, I'll be in the back. I've pulled the ripcord on Blur if they're doing that. There is a vision of me before me and also behind me, flickering in and out of view. Siebzehn. Siebzehn is seven. That is that one, yeah. The cube is a six. Hey, a three. Careful. The closest globule is ten feet behind us. My choo-choo train of globules of light go (whirring) and float over all our heads-- Yeah. I'm already falling into a routine with my other human friend here, because I know that she's a badass, but not without light. The globules pass her and curve to the left a little bit, and one floats above her head. The last one. That was it. No, I'm staying where the hell I am. Ah! I'll move up 15 feet. Sorry, I apologize, Entschuldigung. Gnoll Washington! (laughter) Oh, nice. Regular gnoll. (Picard voice) Engage. Toll house. TRAVIS and I don't really have a clear view of what's going on so I would, on this wall here, I would inch five or ten feet up the cave to see what's going on. I see a gigantic gnoll and-- okay. The big one. I'm going to do what I did to him before and I'm going to bring my hand once around, twice around, three times around and cast Scorching Ray on that one only. First is a 17. Second one hits as well, and the third one also hits. (cheering) 18. That is a total of 20 of fire damage. I wipe my arm down and say Oh boy. Yeah, that's done. I had no idea that was there! We can imagine that, Matt. We needed the fear of god. Yeah, that back wall perfectly blocks that whole thing. Your eldritch knight is going to be great. Come on, ninja! (chanting, rhythmic breathing) (chanting) Monk monk monk. A natural 20? This is clearly a case of the husband favoring the wife. Advantage and have a good bonus. You've already fallen off one cliff, you're not going to do it again. It's the exact same thing. Blind justice. What a turn around. Well, you can do this a million times. Maybe get a little bit closer. Not all the way. 60 feet of range on that. Yeah, what are they, like "lie down" or "drop your weapons" or it's a single word, so "drop." Drop everything in his hands, or you could say "lay." You could say "dance" and he would just start dancing. I'm not, by the way. We've got four jokes this campaign. Caleb, who was just going into his bag to pull out a ro-- oh, she does not need the rope, okay. So instead I pull out the diamond and I start spinning it around and it turns to thunder and I sent that flying into the tannish colored-- Chromatic Orb to that one, yeah. That hits. That is a 20 to hit. Yeah. This is thunder damage is a total of... oh, just eight, you know. Just eight points of thunder damage. Okay. This looks good. I'm going to back down the stairs and stand by Shakäste, I think. Diplomatic immunity! (laughter) All good! Sechs!Sechs-y. Spiritual Weapon. KHARY and It's got one hit point. MARISHA and With a letter. Patrick Rothfuss again? It's yours. Yeah. All those dice that you could check before the game. You could roll them. We're all real good friends. How much was in there? It's a step up for me. Like the mine? Burn the mine to the ground? Under the ground? Our guests are like farm animals that we mine for loot. It's sight and hearing for Find Familiar. Nah, it's pretty good. There it is, 16. 80 feet. I don't know, maybe not on our own, two at a time. I'm pretty tapped, but there's a lot of us here and only a few of them there, according to our new friend. We could also try and seal the cave behind us as we go? Could we do a quick inventory check of how much of these boom sticks that we have, the TNT? We have more than one? You have one? We have one amongst. Okay. It would help. I'm pretty shitty at stealth. Plus? Thank you, Jester, for saving my ass because the first roll was a four. The second one was a 15. Jester and Beau. Yeah, you've got dex. Also, DM-- I will also say, and I'll do this a lot, Dancing Lights is in effect behind us. 20 feet behind us, waiting. Sees-- (groans) Okay. I did not see that. Did you know that you can't see? Oh. It was really good. It was a 16 total. The bird. That's hot. Come on birdy. Ooh! Good. It's 15. It's alphabetical right on the list. Ooh. Plus? Are we in a weird in-between combat and non-combat? I would like to hug the wall and slide along it. I would like to think I can hear my friends breathing-- and stop, yeah that's good-- and hold my action, and if anything comes this way that is not my friends to cast Burning Hands as a tripwire. I'm the tripwire. Yeah, of course within range. Yeah, maybe the other side of the tunnel so they don't see you. You can see me doing this. Yeah, pull him to the other side. They're seeing me do arcane bullshit on the side while sweating. I attack her. Not within range? Then I don't do it yet. Wow. My initiative is such dick. All night long. All campaign long, let's be honest. Oh my gosh. At the end as always. Acht. There's people after my eight? What did you roll to hit? Those arrows are long gone. All tens, come on. Where's your AC? You're Grog! You can't even see it. So this has happened like six times now, where I go right after Beau, so Dancing Lights, excuse me. Of course. So instead, Dancing Light. I'm going to do the same line of light that I always do because Beauregard needs to be able to kill things and see. One goes far as here, and here, and here probably. It's always a line spread out. No, I'm also going to back up about 15 feet as well. Then I'm going to crouch because I'm frightened. He done been bifurcated. Save us. That's a very short range, though. You can't get close enough to anybody on that map to use it. Do you have a level one left? I think these are your best options either a floating weapon that can go anywhere, or a big fog cloud, if you run up and put it on the priest, or up there. I think probably Spiritual Weapon. You can adjust. Decide what it is. A lollipop, a salmon, a sword? Nunchucks. Have fun. It could be a cudgel carved to look like Estelle Getty if you wanted it to be. Like a Beethoven bust, but Estelle Getty! That's the d8, yeah. That's true. Thank you for being a friend. Nott's going to die! Are you up? Fjord? Nott! Nott's in danger! I saw that, and I walk as far forward as I can with my movement and start stirring the pot on Chromatic Orb. I have one left. I will use ice damage and I will send it out and I knock it off my hand towards the manticore. Come on, please. That's a 25. That is 3d8 cold damage. That is-- ooh! 15 total. I would have gone as far forward as I can. Caleb is breathing very heavily and not looking at the manticore. He's looking at Nott in Beauregard's arms. Oh! Necrotic! Necrotic just follows Laura Bailey. Cleric's down. One of our clerics is down. It's your call. I will help you with decisions you make. You can get to the front of those stairs. Do you have any spells slots left? No, that's great. That's all you can do is try to take down the enemies, and we can help. That's all you can do. I'd get it into the business. It's on its way for the next round. Yeah, in time for your turn. Attacks to wail on her. What about the dynamite? Ja, I cannot see too well, so I'm going to take a step forward between Mollymauk and Nott. Just a little bit there. Now I can see that blond hair, and I am tapped out, so I'm just going to let my hand blacken and say a few arcane words and then send a-- Well then I will, if I can't see too well, keep going down the steps until I can see him. That's fine. That's not fine, but that's fine. Fire Bolt and here it comes to you, shithead. That is a 25 to hit. But I could roll a one. I rolled a ten. (cheering) I'm going to extend my hand forward. I have five fingers out and then I pull in four. I send the flame down my hand because these people have hurt my little friend. I want his hair to burn off his head and die. That's a seven. I was going to do this on my own. Did you use all your slots? That's hospitality. (slapping) Yeah. You do. I would like to sit on my ass and look at the ground. Yeah. Yeah. You just cured me. Also, Caleb has been very distant for the last couple of hours, but absentmindedly scoops up Nott's hand. Doesn't look at Nott, but holds Nott's hand. Khary! Uh oh. All right, I know how this works. (laughter) Slipping you the digits. He's got gloves on him, don't touch it. Crystallized rice. Just for one day.