BB! I want shaved ice, BB! Gobble Gobble. Not to be confused with WebMD. No, you throw it. Yeah, throw it in the air. Fire Bolt. Pretty good. That's 19 plus something. How did you do it? For shits and giggles or what do you have in mind? Sure, it went very good in the swamp with that little one. Are we just in an ocean of gnomes; is it like 98% gnomes all around us? I'm traveling with my hood up, minor detail, as you were. When people have libations they get up to hijinks at night, and that seems like the main activity here. I pull out the silver thread and I start going around the horses. I want to listen. I'm going to sit close by. On the other side of the bar I cast Haste on Jester while she is playing the piano. I toss one gold in and say This one's for the lady. Very good. Well, the odds are that you are not going to even see him in your room tonight, so I wouldn't worry about it so much. He's like a coyote. You know what that is? (funny accent) Diplomatic Immunity. (laughter) Yeah, they like to fuck a lot is my point. But if you want a quieter evening, you can certainly share the room with Nott and I for once. It's probably not as raucous a room, but you're welcome to it. I'm watching Nott, and as soon as I see that she has found everything that she is looking for, I've got the copper wire ready, and I mutter through it, to the one on the ground They're going to kill you. You have to run, now. Honestly, the name really sells this place. We have been fascinated with it for quite some time. She's set in her ways. They are almost as nimble as you. Will it be dark where we are doing this? I worry about-- you know what I worry about. No, it just depends on the situation. This happens all over the city, outside, everywhere, ja? It is almost like a drunken CrossFit gym. I'm sorry. It is almost like a CrossFit gym. I have two gold. Perhaps our feathered friend is a little more important than the horses and I could leave my threads around her room and she would be safe there. I would know if there was a problem. No, but it does matter, because you are a young child and you need to get your rest, and we are going to be doing things that are, quite frankly, not for your eyes. We could get a babysitter. Are you all right? Are you sure? I was planning to go out, but it's awkward for me. I thought you would be going. I thought that we could give each other moral support, you know what I mean? I think the child will be dead by the morning. No, that is not a thing that is happening. You could ask Beauregard. That's not going to happen. Ja. Yeah, that is the key if I want to. No, perhaps Beauregard is fleet of foot. She could round you out. I played with Mommy, and I played with Judd, and now I going to play with you. I will take a rain check on that. No thank you, Jester. It is tempting, but no. No, that's truthful. It's obvious how dexterous you are; you're just gruff. Ask if there's a cancellation fee. Also, you have to embrace "yes, and," Fjord. "Yes, and," not "no, but." Are you honestly okay? You seem very perturbed. Was it someone special? Predictably, I would like, as I follow this group around, to keep one eye open for a bookstore. I rolled a 19 for Buch. It is hard to believe, but I was able to do the-- I danced the waltz and the tarantella. It's been many years. I am very much out of practice, and-- It does. A little bit. I believe it. Is there anything else that you're hiding from us? Any other quirks or skills? What are three more? Wait. Hold that thought. So that's two things. And the third is? And was that skill learned or innate? Yeah, study is key. That's true. I'm done here. I walk towards the store. Is it open? Oh my gosh. I press my nose to the glass and try to see what I can see. Is there a lot of books in there? Or just a few books? Or-- Okay. That's a 16. From what I can tell, does it look like a technical place where they are just making books or do they have books for sale? I cannot tell if it's a happy or a sad bookstore. 13. That was 13. One, please. Just a second. Nott, come here for a moment. Are you going to dance? Yeah. But later, it seems like you want to. I think you should. Well, you should try it. You should enjoy yourself, but make sure that either Jester or I ties your mask on very tightly, yeah? I mean, it would not be a bad idea. All the same. Maybe stay away from direct light, you know? If you can stay a little bit away from it. Ja, and some people are smart and it won't work. That is exactly what I will do. You should enjoy yourself. I am not dancing, so it is not really an issue. I don't think I should go late in the game, but I feel capable of this challenge. We have eins, zwei, drei, vier, und fünf. Yes! Barf saves. Snap. Come on, Beauregard. Ja hello, my name is Caleb. (laughter) It's a pleasure. Let's enjoy a good game. Did you just say, "May the best gnome win?" I am a very skinny man. Let's do this. Do not let me fall asleep face down in the gutter tonight. Grog die! Yes! 21! Yes, it's a good game. It's just a game. (singing) Laurentia, liebe Laurentia mein. Wann woll- Enjoying the fumes. As they waft up again. 13 for me. Nighty Mein never says die! I feel like it might go out the back exit instead of the front. Aw! 14! I swat him on the side of the face. I do it again. It's good! It's good for you! Drink! Natural 20. (cheering) I nod, cooly, for a second, and I just turn and go (spitting). That is one smooth seaman. I like it as well, but only if you can match this diamond worth, oh... about 100 gold. Give me something like that or there's no deal. Oh. You could use it now? Get it, von Bismarck! There's three of you. You-- you are very-- you are-- you are very drunk. Am I also very drunk? I assume I take one hit point of damage. Or 1d4, from a monk. Okay. (singing) Oh, The Mighty Nein is The Mighty Nein. The Mighty Nein is The Mighty Nein. The mightiest nine that ever neined! (singing) Nine mighties, mighties nine! I thought we were going dancing. Okay. That's cocked. That's okay. With advantage, you say? That's very low. Very low. That is a five. Out there dancing You were always a better dancer than me, Astrid. You were always so good. Ja. I break away. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I stumble away. You are blue. (singing) One of those things is true, and you are blue. All five of my gold. Do I have my motherfucking books? We are not going to start with the spell that will lead us to it? Of course I would. Just a boulder parchment shears reference. It's simple. If you're within 15 feet. I was at the door. I don't know how big the place is. I was going to do something before Jester did what she did. How could they even use them? Because only the winners that everyone saw won them. Do you give a shit about our problems? How many gold is that toy? Are you speaking of an automaton? So they have it penned in, but it is out of their control? Fucking Hupperdook bureaucracy. Pocket a bolt. I wave my hands a little bit and say, "I suggest you help this one find the things that we "are looking for," and I cast Suggest. That is 16, wisdom. One of them. Fitz. Fitz, I suggested that you do everything in your power to help my friend Fjord, and for the next eight hours, that is what you will do. How much do these young men make in a day here? I want this one, particularly, working now. Why don't we stake their salary for the day? We take care of that, double it even. We need these two. We pay for the loss of their work today? Octopi? In a center spot? Yeah, the tokens. We should probably keep our voices down in the street-- Do we want to send Nott or a cat in? No open windows? There was a back door, too? It's not in character. No parents at all? How much have you hoarded up here? Just us, or more? Throwback! Yes, we are. Haven't you been working for the circus for two years? Does that mean that your cards are bullshit? I am asking Mollymauk. I want to say "insight check" so bad, but I won't say it! DM will fill that information in. We already have a job. It depends on how altruistic this group is. We already have a job. I mean, I will defer to the group, but we have a job and we are on a time table. Ja, so much for sticking to the plan. I would like it to be predicated on us coming up with at least a respectable plan, not willy-nilly, fly in with our balls out. That's a lot of money. String theory? Eight hours, yeah. Do we have any food we can leave for them, so they don't have to--? I think she has a sleepover-- They are very capable children. Kinder, this is a thread I am going to put around the chamber that you are living in, and I will know if our little feathered friend or you all leave. You're perfectly welcome to. I'm just letting you know that I will know, ja? Okay.