Sorry, Kit. I refuse to applaud that. I refuse. Also, if you're watching this episode in July of 2019, you're welcome. Laserdisc. You son of a bitch! I would like to announce a small amount of progress for Laura Bailey, who resisted the urge to keep a super cool d20 for herself, which she wanted to do. She gave it to me. Hopefully it stays in my bag. Except this is D&D so they're real penises. Ten gold a head. I'm at a bar, that's the way it goes. I saw that you were eyeballing the room. Alles gut? Everything is good? That is accurate. White scales? It is one of the languages of the country. Good name. A question. Is there any rafters, or any high place in the room behind these gentlemen? For the moment I scootch Frumpkin down to the floor and send him off towards behind these gentlemen to hang around under that spot, for the moment. Nott, I think you're too young to be watching this. You should come sit with me over here. No, it's a bad idea. You're too little for gambling. Use your skill. Come, let us go sit over here. I walked away from this one. Frumpkin climbs up into the rafters with a view of the gentleman's cards. I would like to start looking at their cards through Frumpkin's eyes. (quietly) Get ready to use your wire. Yeah. That's a 21. Okay. Tell our friend that Mr. Mustache is sitting pretty and the young boy has Scheiße. Reverse that order please. Also, I would like the curly fries. Yeah, but that one had potential. Why don't instead we have something to drink and eat. Only I get to say Schiet, you have to say Sheed. What time of the evening do I know it to be? Ja, okay. Yeah, that's late. It's not that late. I thought you were going somewhere else, for a second. Charter school? Lotteries are a bitch! Sorry. I want to touch on something happening-- I'm not there. We're not there. So I want to touch on something that's happening at the same time, but I will wait until you think it's a good moment. Yeah. Nott and Caleb didn't go up. They're busy. Would you like to learn something interesting? Sort of. It's a little homework and a little bit magic trick. This is where I keep my spells. This is my book. And this is the piece of luck that you helped me achieve in Trostenwald. Over the months and years, I gather the amount of magic tricks that I can do. So in this book, for instance, there is a new spell that I do not even know how to use myself where I can make an invisible helper. What is going to happen now, I bought supplies for it-- I find a booth for us in the corner-- is I am going to move it from here into here and I thought you could help me. Would you like to do that? Okay. So you can see-- I don't know what that means, but this will take a little while. Here, hold this. I hand a quill to her. Hold that. You can see the markings on this page. It's intricate, but you can do the first few strokes. It needs to look like that, it needs to go here. I guide her hand a little bit to make sure that it doesn't smudge too much. It's still workable. Good. Now I will fill in the details. I spend the next-- they are probably gone for 15 minutes-- putting down the glyphs and the markings. And begin the first 30 minutes of the two hours I need to spend copying this. Oh, yeah. Sliding them over. It's like latticework, you have to do the smaller circle inside the larger. Each one's a little bit different. We're really right in the middle of something. Frumpkin climbs up Molly's back. What are you doing with my cat? Go to the base-- look, the circle goes inside the larger circle. You know, maybe we pick this up later. How much do you need? For what? I'll give you two. I hand them over. Hold on. There's a bunch of people staring at Fjord and Beauregard. Why are we doing this? I think it's like Alcoholics Anonymous or something. Does that name mean anything to Caleb? When you scroll your cursor over it, though, the descriptions are all in red. I tell Frumpkin to yowl between their legs. I don't see it. I'm not looking through it. Yeah. I bamfed out of that probably two minutes before it finished, so I didn't get the tail end, but I got the meat. He's not sticky with maple syrup. He's lying. Maybe not that, but quite frankly, those people are reckless, telling you what they told you. The authorities don't delineate between the real McCoy and the passersby. Just like that man's story. The dwarf. I'm going to turn in. I have a little bit more homework to do before the end of the night. Good night. Thank you. Good night. I am just finishing up the spell Unseen Servant before I go to bed so that I will know it in the morning. Yes. Yes! How do you get money from your mom? Oh, you didn't come downstairs? Okay. Is Claudia down in this room at the moment? Very well. I am a step ahead of where I was yesterday. (lip smacking) I walk over to this dragonborn. Good morning to you. Sorry, I know you are busy preparing for the day. I hear there is a rather large library here in this city. This is correct, ja? That's the biggest one. The main one. The Hall of Erudition? Oh good. Okay. The first place, though, could you point me in the direction of it from here? Library is there? And it's to the east, you were saying? Ja, okay, I shrink inward. Thank you. Also, asking the DM, not this dragonborn, but you had mentioned the Chastity's Nook. Caleb would remember if you said what area it's in? Tri-Spires. Thank you. Got it. Sure, sure. Was there any question? Okay. All right. Thank you very much. You're very helpful. Nott! What do you want to do today? All right. You know, I'm sure we can facilitate that. Let's maybe manage our expectations, not go for the plumpest plum on the bush. Okay. This was an idea you had? Right. I'm not going to question it. Okay, thank you, okay. She is the grumpy one! Pencil in the DM's neck! It's like Medieval Times. Also, I'm sorry, some of you wish to be in the spotlight with the things that we do? Also, Fjord walks right up behind Jester and says (deeper voice) Come on, we need to get back with the others. Okay? This is not a good idea to put yourself out in the open, let's go. (deeper voice) Yes, it's me, I'm Fjord. Come on. There was a cough drop stuck in the side of my mouth. This is deep Texan, I don't know-- Listen, accents are not my strong suit. Would you please just stop talking to the town crier? Thank you. I'm trying to drag her back. Yeah, back towards the group. Probably. It sounds about as good as I just did. Caleb's not good at accents. I am Fjord Tough, let's go. But I don't smell bad. Now come on, let's go to the rest of the group. I pull her by the earlobe. Can we please go back to the rest? I'm sorry. Is this what we are going to be about? Huge credit, and get ourselves to be part of the news? I am not giving you shit, I am putting a subject on the table for the group. I need to make an informed decision about what Nott and I are doing. I don't want to be about making a stink everywhere we go. It's not just me. You are vomiting salt water, and you are getting into fistfights with people, I don't know what you're doing. And you-- Look at you. Go along with the group? Yeah. I have fought a giant toad creature with you. I have fought a big lion thing with a woman's face. As everybody walks, to Beau I say Listen it's just about logistics. I mean you are very-- No, I dropped it. You are in peak physical condition, your guns are amazing. I can't do what you do. I can't run into it, of course. I'm 100 yards back, because I'm thin as a wet toilet paper. I've got to stop complimenting you, it does not lead to good moments. I walk away. We might be able to take it to a school or a medical facility to sell. Studies. We're in the pentagram, penta-- So we're close to the library? I thought it was in that area. Okay, so we're closer now then we were. I don't see the entrance from where we are, or do we? The whole kit and caboodle is visible from here? Okay. Does anyone mind if we swing by and just take a look at the Archive? Not go in, you know, we have other things we're going to do, but just to take a look. You have seen it before? Okay, how long did you do that? Okay. Well, I am a tourist. Okay. Would you like to show me the Archive? Not the inside, the outside. Never mind, I don't want to put you out. Anyone want to go see the Archive? Yeah? It's just a volume thing sometimes. Okay let's go look-- Oh jeez! The Archive. So you do know what toilet paper is. Okay. I would just like to look around. It's in a square, you say? Yeah? Well I am no super spy, but I would like to just look at the area and see what I see in the nature of security, other than these obvious robed figures. And you said everyone going in and out was being escorted by one of these individuals? If I see one or two people going in or out what do they look like? Same fancy type? Fancier than me? Yeah. Okay. That's a beautiful building. They're all wearing the same thing. You've lived here for a few months. What do you know about this place? Obviously I am very interested in learning. Is it easy to gain admittance? Do you know that sort of thing? Oh. Yeah. Yeah, that's what it means. Yeah. Well, you've really sold me on it, let's go find the others. Do I have any chance in hell knowing where she went? Because I start looking around immediately. Okay, no. That's a one. (panicked mumbling) You're not helping me. Like at all. We are going to look around now is what we're doing. That's how the empire works. That's better. They're very nice. Where did they come from? Insight check. That is a 20. Well, maybe she believes it, I don't know. Yeah, okay well. Oh, I pooped on myself. That's not poop, that's where I've had this circle. That's Pocky chocolate. That's Pocky chocolate. It's just fecal matter, it's not like it's-- Yeah, I just take a quick look at it. Are you doing a variation of Mother's Love right now? That's good. Mistakes that I have made, learn from them. Keep quiet. So we're all up there now? Control action. Would you repeat that last phrase please, DM? Herald of the Hall. Voloshin? Yeah, I also don't want to stick my neck out, but anything that is a thumb in the eye of the Empire, I'm all for. Just now or do you mean just a moment ago? He's a little tiny mosey-- Finally, a bath. I'll pass on it. The clothes are still pretty shit, though. My hair is killer right now. The clothes are old and shitty. Some stink don't come off. I meant blood, but sure. Have you been hot on our heels this whole time to keep pace with us? How many people have you heard that from? In a handful of days. Yes. I have been in this bath for a few minutes. No, you were here when I got here. That's true. We visited an arcane shop and the gentle...men? I'm not sure, really. The proprietors of the shop did a little dippity doo to me and it just took everything away. Yeah, he gave me the carwash. Took it all away. Yeah, I don't like this. I start sinking into the bath, enveloping everything, and sitting on the bottom and holding my breath for a little while. Oh, it's hot down there on the ears! I could hold you and you could do the dog paddle. Have you ever seen the dog paddle before? Well, you know. Does the little Fjord look wet or dry? I love magic so much. Hey, they're all about to start having sex. You might want to get out of here. With this one? Do you have any sort of religion or tradition of heavy metal or something? As a victim of Campaign One yes, there has to be. That's not milk! He's done, you are with friends. Yasha, there's a heavier presence of the Empire here than there was in Trostenwald. How does that sit with you? Insight check. Okay. Do I believe her? I do! Okay. What about a big reader? Natural 20. Yeah, you just joined back up with us. She doesn't need to tell us her life story. You are literally undercutting the very thing I just said. Five or six days in, I think, and I'm really questioning this decision. Totally blind. Is this one still in disguise? Nott, are you still in disguise? It's an hour, that it takes. Are our clothes in here, or somewhere else? But I didn't send mine off to be cleaned. I'm going to pull the spool of silver thread and I'll take a length of it out, and I'm going to pull Nott's hair back and do a little ponytail. Simple. I think the moment's passed for the rest of us. I think we should go. Have fun storming the castle. And the water drops a foot and a half. (laughter) Where are you going? Would you mind, I don't want to go in, but would you mind if I tagged along with you? Nott, did you want to stick with the others? I'm going to run an errand with Jester. Not for this. I should just be gone a couple of hours. I think chances are very low. Yeah, I have the one you secured for me, yeah. Go have fun. Maybe you get another button or two from a grumpy person. Caleb sees this, and just goes-- I feel like I know you better now. Regis. Shyster. SAM and Does that happen lickety-split, the second guard comes down? Right, and as she goes and does her thing, I just want you to know that Frumpkin does follow her, and I leave and walk around the block, and duck into an alley, or any private place, and cast Disguise Self on myself to make myself look very resplendent. For Frumpkin? It's not very good. That is only a four. Does that take any damage? Gone. I rolled hit points for him when I made him, and it was one, so he's gone. Who's laughing now, Billy? Who's laughing now? Caleb curses to himself and wanders around, and does what he says, suddenly looking very noble. I'll let that go and then I'll follow up. Caleb is pissed. I am wearing the deepest black robes, and I have a black goatee. Very Evil David Hasselhoff. Sure, that. It's all black velvet. The way the audience thinks Vax looks, that's what I look like right now. I have a meeting in 20 minutes at the Pillow Inn. I don't know what it's called, but Caleb does. I don't remember shit, but Caleb says whatever the name of it is, because of my feat. Of course it is, it was chosen very specifically. I say whatever it's called-- I don't remember, he does. I have a meeting in 20 minutes at the Pillow Grove-- I know that's wrong-- Right now, 20 minutes, I need to get in. The spell didn't work here? Oh, wow. Yeah, he used Disguise Self. We don't know. Okay, I just walk away. Cat kicker. Yeah, it's fancy pants. Quickly, could I have asked around and found my way to the other entrance to this area by now? No, I have this. Super quick a single question at the gate. Ask around, find my way there. All right, so I walk up straight, looking like me. Excuse me, may I have a word of your time-- may I have a moment of your time? Listen to me, there is a store in here called Chastity's Nook that sells dirty books. I have heard of it for months, and I am going to shop at this store, and if you want to make three gold-- and if this one wants to make three gold-- you will let me in there to shop for smut at the store. I want to be. One, two, three. One, two, three, each of you. Okay, enjoy working for the man. I walk off. Done. How was it? That's okay, I have a little bit of money, do you need some? I have about 50 gold, do you want me to give you some? That's a lot of money! It is! That's more money than my parents ever made in their entire life. In full view of Jester, I reach into my pocket and take what's left of the mud and just-- Then I storm off towards our original shitty inn. I don't hear that. I like you. Do you want to hang with us for a while? Oh, this day is great! It's beast killing time! That's good advice. Send all of your complaints for not knowing what would happen in the porno shop to @matthewmercer. The place is crawling with-- Got to get to that shop, man. Got reasons. It still is!