That was like standing at the dock going, "Three, two, one, jump!" and Travis was the only one who jumped in. Sphincter, Sphincter, Sphincter! Aw, I don't want to have Sphincter next to Caleb now! Yes. That's the name I gave them! That's as far as I got! Delete. Oh, there goes Caleb. Kids! A little thing that is totally improvised. A couple of weeks ago, a Critter named Courtney-- forgive me if I'm getting that wrong-- She tweeted a picture of her with this scarf that she was making for Caleb, and she made the hashtag #ScarvesForCaleb and then people started talking about it. I retweeted because I thought it was awesome, and they came up with the idea to make scarves for Caleb-- But not for me-- to give to shelters Homeless shelters, to veterans, to anyone who needs scarves or hats or mittens. I think it's a great idea, and you would make me happy. This is beautiful, I love it, thank you, but don't pile me up in scarves. Send them to people who need them. I just think it would be a nice thing to do. I wrote "Rod Barn." What is a bloodline? You got to the circus from that, how? That's funny, you gave me an answer, but you didn't really give me an answer. Do we think there's anything left of this town? I would like to take a walk and see what it is we're out to save. Maybe we do that second, and first we take a walk. We did, but Molly was drinking, so maybe he does not remember. I counted 60 gold. I don't remember that, either. Well, my social anxiety is getting the best of me. I'm taking a walk. Goodbye. It's a Zork game. We go down the stairs. Excuse me, I saw in the middle of the fray-- Sir. Excuse me. I'm sorry, I was part of the fray as well. I was right in the thick of it. I saw a cart piled high with bodies. Are there people missing from town? How has the rest of the village fared? Is everything as poorly off as you are? Is yours the only business that was hit? I'm sorry, Mollymauk, another question for you Is there maybe-- I hope it is still standing-- but a supply store? I'm sorry, I'm in the need of some incense. Also, I'm sorry, just between you and me, I know the look on your face a little bit, you seem a little manic. If you have friends you can stay with right now, you know you don't have to rebuild it today. I recommend you take it slow. To the Broad Barn. So you wish to hire us. How much? We are very experienced, but we'd like to know what we're talking about in advance. What kind of money are we talking about? Is there some lesser number for those? It is permissible, is what they're saying here. Could you tell us at least what the landscape is like in that direction, what is over there? This comes from research you have done, that you have read up on? Would you be able to share this reading with me, so that we are fully prepared? Just a small book. With a Y? Yeenogru? Sorry, another question. May I call you Bryce? Bryce. We were just about to go inside the barn here and get outfitted for this-- for many things, but especially now that we are going to go take care of this problem. Do you have any sort of pull with these people? Might we get any friendly-- No. Well, sure, but I'm talking about some sort of discount for getting ready for the road. We're not that flush. It's asking a bit much, I was too forward. Yes. Sorry, my curiosity gets the best of me, always. You are talking about buff-- "buffaro" creatures, or something? We saw these beasts on the outskirts of town. They look brown-furred, beast of burden-type creature? Do you know what those animals are? Valley aurochs? Got it, thank you. All right, we should get ready for the road. Walking into the store. Yeah? Yeah? Oh yeah? Well, that would be worth about-- how much, DM? A pack or something? That is really very-- Yes, this has helped me immeasurably. Well, it depends on how much I want to do with it. I want my cat back. But I was in the realm of 15 or 20 gold I'm going to spend here today, if they have that much. Did anyone say that out loud? It's not quantity. It is the quality of the incense. And this was top-shelf, but I still need more. So, in we go. And then I say Thank you, big guy. And I punch him and I walk in. Keep up a good face for two seconds. Excuse me. I just inhaled my own spit. (Speak N Spell voice) I am okay. (as Caleb) I am needing a very fine kind of incense, and I don't know if that is the type of thing this establishment would carry, but it's very important. Do you have that sort of thing? I'm sorry, it's very noisy in the shop. What did you say? Well, look at me. Can you not tell how fancy I am? Well. You know, I've been on the road a long time and I'm carrying a smell with me, if you cannot tell. To the point, I like it. I would like to spend about 20 gold worth of incense. Do you have that much? I don't mean cheap shit. Well, it's a barn, ja? I would like to make an insight check to make sure it's not oregano. Come on, where's the druid? That's what would be for oregano. That's Vex. This one. Perception? Insight? Oh, that's much better. That is an elf. TRAVIS and Elf. 11. You just learned something, everybody. It's 11 in German. Good. This is really good. I will give you 17 gold for all this. One. Two. (continues counting) 16. 16. And I push the 16 gold forward. These are heavy. Is it flammable? Do I know if it's flammable? MARISHA and Nott, you're selling yourself short. No, I have things to do. Well, I would really like to get my cat back, so I would need about an hour to go do a little stuff. Do you have anything else to do? What are we doing? Are we taking our cart? Well, okay. Maybe I can put it on hold, although I really hate to. But let's come up with what are we doing? What is the plan? Oh, so were you thinking of having a barbecue here or setting up a barbecue on the road? Just a random field? Either way, we will probably need the cart. To carry one of those beasts if we kill one. Well, is the point to try to-- I'm sorry, no, you finish your thought. I'm not a tactician, but I have a question. Are we trying to go back to these things where they live? Their lair, their home, their camp? Or are we hoping to luck into them on the road or--? I like that idea as well. Well, that's the thing. We can do both, but there is a timestamp on the people. We should take care of the people first. Because then we're increasing how much gold we will bring in because if they die then we will not get as much money for them if they are alive. We should get them alive. Get them out. Kill the baddies if we can at the same time, and if not, go back a second time. No social graces. Let's do this. Wait, so now we need time? Oh god. I really want my cat, but maybe-- We'll get the tarts. Maybe it would be handier as a bird. Reggie, this town has been hit hard, you look very weary and maybe a little down on your luck yourself. Maybe I'm just reading into things, but I would gladly pay you a silver for this horse. Here's that copper. Thank you. Silver's way too little for a horse. They don't care, they're swinging low and leaving it behind. As we go, and also, we didn't have time, so here, off you go. I will sit in the cart and go blind. The last one. Frumpkin would be in the air 300-400 feet in front of the cart and I wouldn't do 100% of the time, but I would talk for three minutes and then maybe go hold on one sec (magic sound effect) and then come back. So intermittent. Seven. Also, in this time I would have told the rest of the group Before Nott and I arrived in Trostenwald, just outside the city limits, we were waylaid by gnolls previously and they were hiding in grass just like this. It was very much like this so we should be-- I'm getting very nervous right now looking at it all. You know, I know it's actually about 1137, so we're not quite there yet. By the position of the sun. Beholder! Walking on the ground as a human, is it up to here, or-- You've seen Teen Wolf, ja? Here goes all Jester's teeth. Come on, roll a 20. Make it happen. I would like to use Frumpkin to do a once-around from above to see if any of those beasts are on the horizon anywhere for us to kill, and also if there are any survivors or anything here. That is a 13. From 100 feet up, I can see through Frumpkin's eyes all of us being a bunch of dumb fucks in the back of the cart. The crew! The crew groaned! Disgust? I was waiting for the punchline. I'd like to point out that we came up with a loose plan, but we're not doing that plan. Also, in a pinch, we could kill the horses. (spitting noise) I can't do that. (various whistling noises) I will also help with that. Okay. Lift with the legs! Do we have the time for that right now? Right now, it will take me 11 minutes to do that. We're coming in as a line together. I don't want to be on an end. I don't want you to be on the end. I would grab Nott by the shoulder and pull us into the middle somehow. Yes. 12. Those monster calves. I think they're going to make a big fucking stink if we-- That is correct. I will send Frumpkin down to the one that Jester's attacking, right up against it to distract and chirp in its face. Caleb sends Frumpkin right down to the one that Jester was attacking and I will send out a Fire Bolt at the same time. That's at advantage if my birdie is bothering him up close. Yeah, the one that Jester is attacking. That is-- oh, that's good. That is 21. These spells are all still new to me. Oh, that's a big one. Big one point of damage. Yep. 17 to a three. She's like Miss Trunchbull from Matilda. There's just the carts, there's the one mine entrance? I'll take a look around to see if there's anything, where they started or anything like that? 20. But we'll remember it for the future. How about what's behind the grass, let's discuss this instead. Sorry, I was thinking about a thing you were saying, there is a way through for us? I mean, that is a fair assumption, yeah. Well, we're talking-- Jesus. That was good. Do not be sorry. Frumpkin has been a sparrow before. Sparrows don't have darkvision, do they? No, it is a regular sparrow. Well, I mean, I can send him in there, he'll probably hit the wall a few times, but if there's any fire or anything-- No, you know, I can always bring him back, but be careful, all right? But there he goes. 21. Yeah, I am. Is that from a light source inside, or from sunlight coming in? Please, no! Okay, well, I think I have seen all I am going to see for the moment, but I didn't see anything in there. Nothing living in there that I saw? Okay. Nott, my friend, I think maybe this is a time where you could-- please don't go crazy, but maybe go in 30 or 40 feet, there's a room in there, and I don't think there's anything in there, but you would see. I can hear through my sparrow. That's correct. Richtig. Go. Wait, I don't want to get punched in the face while I'm blind. Somebody please put a hand on my shoulder-- If something bad is going to happen, just shake me. No, don't do that, just shake me. Don't do that, just-- You are a wee baby rogue! Oh shit. I've heard a confusing thing. Something fell down, but okay, we're good. Help me, help me now, save my life. We have to go in! Here we go! Wait, so the whole party ran in? As that was happening, the two humans in tandem said, "Wait, let them draw out their-- fuck!" Are we doing initiative or are we just going? Dancing Lights! Four globules of light, Dancing Lights. The room is lit up. As you're looking, I'm going to pull all the Dancing Lights down to one and put the rag over it and walk beside Beau so that she can see. Come on, you people. We need a corner, and a camera for the corner, and a long paper hat for you to put you in the corner. Okay, that's okay. That's, Scheiße, where did it go? Over here, D&D Beyond. It is ten. Yeah, I rolled very low. Does the rod look like crudely made or prettily designed? Okay, no carving, no glyphs, no nothing like that, just caked in shit? Okay. Have a peeky-poo around as you go. You know, she does this from time to time, she becomes a little unpredictable, but you can't argue with the results, you really cannot. Because you're drunk. You can't tell me what I can do, Matthew. For keeping things-- alerting us of things coming here or-- Yeah, that's a good suggestion. First, what are we doing? What did you find out down that way? I think we should also send you down that one as well to have a look around. How far down did you go each way? Well, my instinct tells me that if there's something there, that they would trap it so probably more valuable, if we're going on nothing, take the path that is trapped. These are dog people? Let's take the path with the trap. Down the wooden shaft. You can see in the dark. Ten. (vomiting) Did you describe any light source in here that they're working by? Got it. The one that got thrown into the wall? It got stunned or hurt, it didn't get any-- (whispering) Here we go. The hyenas are just doggos. What about the boom stick that you have? We can chuck it into the-- Yes, it would, but-- Where would you want this distraction to be? Because I can make a little-- I can make a little dancing golden person of light appear down at the bottom of the passage. If there's more in there, they're just going to come in here anyway. Here's the question do you think these things are going to come out of here right away, or is it worth a shot? Maybe there is a way around, to a way they're not expecting? You know, there's nothing saying we have to run in here if we're not feeling this. We can backtrack and look in the other direction. In fact, I'm leaning that way. Plus we do have a map here. Use D&D? I can make a little golden person dance behind that guy there. AoE? Surprise round? What are you talking about? What is your thing? Not right now, no. But it's like that (snaps), it's easy, this one. Do that. I'm going to start throwing up again soon, so let's either do this or backtrack, please. Are we going right now? Are you about to go? I'm going to really quickly mutter a few arcane words, then there is another Caleb blinking in front of me a little bit and behind me a little bit. It is hard to see me at the moment. I don't care. (whoomp) A little halfling-sized person of light appears behind the gnoll at the far end there. I'm using Dancing Lights. You can use the four lights to make a little person, a little humanoid shape of light. It is doing a little macarena behind the gnoll all the way. I have 120 feet of range. Yes, it is. But I would know that. I'm not going to do that, because of my keen memory that Caleb has, but not Liam. I send Frumpkin through the chamber and down and starts battering into the walls here. Oh, I'm sure that hits. Yeah. The effect of that hasn't taken place yet, correct? Did Fjord hit one successfully? That same one? I am just going to Fire Bolt it. From yeah, yeah. Fire Bolt. That is an attack range guy, plus six that is a 15 to hit. The damage is seven. I'll use my movement to back up about 15 feet just outside of the chamber. Rogue, best class. 17. I hope we at least heard the Looney Tunes bongos (bongo noises). Yeah, I can see from where I am, I can see Fjord and Beau with one of these things. I'm going to Fire Bolt right from where I am. That's it. Aw, no. Sorry! Yeah. I will walk just inside the-- Jester, is the lollipop the flat kind or the round kind? That's the best. I saw Nott dart in front of me and chuckle to myself, see Nott walk past, I'm going to walk forward and say You are enjoying this too much, but okay. Can I see these two? You said they were backing away, correct? All right then, the diamond comes up, I spin it and little charges of electricity crackle around it, and I kick it out from my hand and it spirals through the room to that one. Come on, Grog! No. Two. Plus six is eight, did that do it? Nein! But I was so eager that I actually came down the steps my full movement. I don't want to go there, I want to go to the bottom of the steps behind Mollymauk and Fjord. I'm going to go along the edge of the steps this way and come down toward it and I'm going to now spin and flames lick around it and I'll go (flick) and I flick that off my hand. This time is also not good. It is a 13. Oh. For my attack? Same thing. Rolled the same thing. No, it's okay. No, I don't believe in any of that bullshit. You all are crazy. No, don't worry about me. Keep going. Everybody attack. Two and a three. Never recover from that injury. You are going to be rubbing Tiger Balm into that shit for years. As the room falls still, I say Well, he had a good run. A toast to that guy right there on the ground. I'm going to call Nott over to the chest over on that side there. Do you see anything wrong with this? Is there anything hinky about that chest? It's investigation, I think. Does it look good? Take a step back. You've earned this. I will open it, just in case. Oh. Well, that's probably true. Thank you. You take the two medicine packs and then-- She can heal without the potion. Of course she can. There was a lot of gnoll chatter in here, and a lot of exploding orbs and stuff, so I'm going to guess that we have alerted whatever is beyond that we are here. How do we wish to proceed? They don't send orbs of fire through the air, though. Are you clear now? How many fingers am I holding up? And thumbs? Or--? (laughter) I don't think, I mean, yeah, we could, but-- No, we're still trying to get to people here. Our options are we press forward to something worse, or we backtrack and try the other direction, or we get out of here. Did we? No, we opted not to do that for time's sake. Yeah, we could do that now. Yeah. I could do that quickly. I could put an Alarm here quickly. I could do it the fast way, and know if anything is coming behind us. Is that what we want to do? Do we want to go around? I don't know, I'm a little terrified of what is down there. That's a half hour is a short rest. Or an hour is a short rest. There's two ways that I can do this. I can do it lickety-split or I can take my book out and do it the harder way, but that's ten minutes, about. We just have to march into it. Okay. How are you with that sledgehammer on your back? You're carrying a sledgehammer on your back. How are you with it? No, we don't have time for that here. We have to get going. When we're victorious we can do disgusting things as we leave. Nott, I think you should take point again. That I thought that was for going back the other way. We want to know if something comes behind us? The reasons for doing that are slighter and I don't want to blow my wad magically. If we were going the other way, I might. We talked for seven minutes, yeah? Why are you curious about that? That is the crux of the matter. It's like a tip jar. Teen Titan's Go!, plays Grimlock on Transformers, all over the place.