Splice it all together. The nose hole is right in his sternum! Matteo is a mad genius. That's not happening here. He is a cat. No, but I have this rag over one of my-- it's dim, but maybe you and I can stand near the middle. Yeah, but we need to weigh the risks we are facing, and Nott's husband. There are also people behind us topside who'd kill us for this, as well. If we are lucky, we will overtake them before we return to their home. I have a question for you, Jester. You know how you have just turned yourself into the oversized honey badger? Could you do that to a giant worm, but, say, turn it into a cow? Ja. Rather than trying to whack away at a gigantic worm, maybe you just make it harmless, but not so little that it loses its new form. Yeah, a goat. I think something small is likely to get smacked and taken out of its newer form. It would need to be something that could take a bit of punishment. Like that. Or a cow. Everybody's doing it. Well, I will tell you. It's in the book. Has any of the crystal been broken away by the worm's passage through here? Does any of it look of value as a rare stone? 16. I'm going to scoop up a handful of them. Make it the same color as the crystals that are here, and then I can also set an Alarm around us. For us, yeah, but not from the outside. I can camouflage it to match this room. Yeah, so it's not such a perfect, round surface. If we leave an area where we can pop our heads out if need be. Did you say you were going to carve a hole to put it inside of, or should I make it against the side of the chamber? Okay. I take out my book, and I slap it down on the stone surface of this chamber we are in. I take about ten minutes, and then there is a hemisphere that is the same color as the chamber around us. As soon as that is done, I then take out the silver thread, and I start making a little white picket fence that's not actually a picket fence in front of that. I also send Frumpkin out of the hut to sit in the shadows of the chamber, and I tell him to come and wake me up if he hears anything coming further than the perimeter of the alarm. Legitimate question, because I don't want to dick with the story you're weaving, but does Keen Mind cut through that? It won't mean anything to them. They'll be-- Frumpkin also skips up Nott's back and snuggles in, grips her clothing with her claws-- his claws, damn my original cat-- and scarfs around Nott's neck. Mage Armor. 30. We've been traveling for miles, though. That's true, I know which way is north. It's that way. No, but the whole time we've been walking, I've been conscious of which direction north is in. From where we are-- I don't know if I can, because I can only see from this little bit of dim light, but where from this chamber the worm continued on straight through? Can't see the other side? Maybe gave it a run-around in here, like a dog in a dog park. Ja, but how much time do you need to dig up this cave? Ropers! Oh my gosh. We are in the kill zone, y'all. I would be by the largest grouping of people because I'm scared of everything. This is real bad. Well... You don't know, I don't know. 12 for Caleb. Yeah. Shield. Does not hit. Yeah. That hits. Caleb says (whimpering apprehensively) And she's smiling on you. Is that all the 12s? Is that all the 12s in a row? One handed, Caleb gets the molasses out and starts smearing it and casting-- I'm going, too late, and I cast Slow on both of them. 16. Wisdom, yeah. He can do one thing per round now, while that's up. Yeah, it just brought all those tentacles down to one thing per round. Fails. A negative two penalty to AC and dexterity saving throws. Can't use reactions. It can use either an action or a bonus action, not both. (pained yelling) I'm getting the molasses everywhere! Ooh, it was almost a one, and then it was better. Negative two AC and dex saves. We're on the move, ja? Hup, hup, hup. I'm going to keep my eyes behind us where we just ran away from. It's a minute duration. Okay. Magic Missiles. I said Magic Missiles, but I don't have that prepared, so I'm going to throw Fire Bolt at it. Natural 20. 18 for me. 18 total. Say goodnight, Grimace. Everybody's in a line, shaking their heads at this thing. Should we look for their babies? How's that tunnel coming? Need it a lot. Did I mention I'm a monk? And pavement. Dancing Lights is up. We can do the same. Oh, it's-- hold on a second. I can't remember. Almost there. Ten-foot radius, yeah. We'll repeat everything, and I will send Frumpkin up ahead of us 50 feet to stay up all night, as a guard to come running back in if need be. 17 for Frumpkin. Also, all throughout the day, once an hour, Caleb says It's 200. An hour goes by-- It's 300. An hour later Ding-dong ding-dong. It's 400. You took a lot of courage to go in. I was not very helpful in that regard either. You did not tell us what was going on. Why would you? You still went in for a long time. So, sorry. Oh! It's nine o'clock. Ah, six. Good cat. You're bored? Really? Look at this. Frumpkin gets up onto his hind legs and does a little-- (laughter) You know, you are a very good reader. You give it a lot of character. Do they bear any resemblance to the giant hole that we were following? Oh, behind us? How high off of the ground is that hole? We can bail if we wanted to, perhaps. Well, not going to Xhorhas and getting murdered by far greater forces-- -- but I think we're going to Xhorhas. There is really only one reason to use the side tunnels. To leave. You can do that anywhere. Only if we wanted to give up, which we are not doing, so we go forward. Quite a ways, but if he gets too far away, I no longer have the ability to communicate with him. Ja, okay. Sure. Ja, but advantage with smell if there's anything stinky. Put the ribbon on the backside so it's not right in his eyes. For the first ten seconds, Frumpkin goes-- (laughter) But gets used to it, and then trots off. I did, I rolled twice, so it's a 16 perception. Is there any immediate reaction to a glowing cat entering into this big chamber? I can't hear anybody. How many chambers are-- Is it just many, many-- I'm just watching. I can no longer send commands, I can only go along for the ride to watch. Am I seeing anything like mining equipment? Okay. Okay, I leave him there and come out of it. Well, it's a good walk a ways, and then there is a larger chamber with many different exits to it, and my good boy saw some sort of creature in a cage. Wuh. Hard to tell. Yeah. Or this is an old abandoned place. You know, I don't know what the right thing to do is because if we keep following this tunnel, we could roll right up into their backyard where they ended their journey, walk right into them. However, we don't really know where this place is going; we don't know how far it is from where your husband is going to be. We don't know what dangers are above us. However, we could come in and try to find him, not walking directly into their line of sight, right into their face, or their butt, or what-have-you. I don't know what the right thing to do is. That is a good point. We didn't take the side with Frumpkin. Just confusion, that's fine. Well, he knows to come back in five minutes if he does not hear from me, so we have to wait. About how far away from me has Frumpkin gone at this point? 30 or so feet. (snaps fingers) Pull him back. I don't know if they saw him or not; he is glowing. MATT and (fwoomp) Little lizard people down that way, and they saw my cat. I will take the other side of it and do the same thing. Oh, a 17. I pull out a small, little stone pyramid in my hand and mutter a few words and then cast Tongues and speak to this little thing. That's the best! Did I hear something like, "Look at these motherfuckers out there!"? Wait, just to specify, from up where Frumpkin just was, from that direction? Or multiple directions? They're in the honeycombs in the ceiling, right? Yeah. Mage Armor. We have come to speak, I say, in whatever language I now understand and speak. Oh, I made it very clear and held my hand. We have come through to chase a large serpent through these caves and eradicate it. Easy. We are here looking for a scourge in these mountains. Oh boy. We mean you no harm. We wish to pass through. In Draconic, saying-- well, through the spell I am one meal, but my friends can make more food than me. I am-- I take two steps forward. Okay. Two steps forward-- that's an 11. I only take this as a minor setback. We can still work this out. You do not want to tangle with the spirits I command. I snap my fingers and Frumpkin appears, and four globules of light float in a circle around Frumpkin. Intimidation? That's a 19. You will be cursed for decades. You expect me to hand over one of my own? This cat will burn you-- burn you all. No, it's in Drac-- well, I don't know. I'm speaking through a spell, so-- So we're all on the same page. Oh, that's excellent. Frumpkin stands and does that little-- The Fey King is growing angry with you, and the globules of light start to spin a little quicker. Is that 1d6? Do you know who is caged up, aways down this tunnel? Oh, it's in this room? Oh, I see. Got it. I tell you what. Do you want this creature? I will make one last offering to you. I will give you the Fey King, in exchange for this creature here. Deception, you said? 16. He will bring blessings to your people. Okay. Take the f-- okay. Telepathically, I tell Frumpkin I'll bring you back in one day, buddy. In my head, and he trods forward. We have food, the creature in the cage? I pick it up. Sure, but I'm not zooming into him right now. (swoosh) Oh, I just jumped into the Fey King really quick to see if anything was happening. Let's lead them away from the pack. I have not done that yet-- Point of clarification are we travelling through worm tunnel at this point? Okay. Which is how wide again, ten--? Ten feet across. Ja, thank you. I don't think we need to pull up the dome right now. Is Nott out of our sight? Playing the long game. The long con! Oh my god! Long con! 79. Walking towards the noise, ja. The second one ran off down the hall a bit. And simultaneously, I am casting Enlarge on Nott the Brave. Show us a demonstration and we will induct you to the Mighty Nein. Leeches! Come on. No. Damn it! Yeah, I have a question for you, my little friend. Do you eat enough under your current leadership? We will keep your belly full. If you travel with us, you will have never eaten so much in your life. But we do need a guide down here, and you could be that guide. Oh. That is less appealing. Not the bees. Not the bees. And in your 11 days, what is the worst thing you have ever seen down here? Plus he's near the end of his life. We might as well show him great things, going to eat better than he ever has. We could let him look at the dodecahedron. Or leave it in the bag. I'm just kidding, forget it. That's a bad idea. It's funny, but it's not wise. D&D, happiness and sadness tied together. This is the best. This is the best! It's like a Dune suit, man, you can't let that shit go to waste. Reduce, reuse, recycle! You said citadel. We are seeing a fortress down here? Okay. Caleb starts walking slowly back through the entire walking formation. That spurt was quick, but potent. Well, fuck y'all, because I rolled a two. That's a four for me. There's a delayed reaction out in the lobby! Because he's so awesome! Does Caduceus see that, or everybody? Have I ever read-- I've read a lot-- about fire giants under the earth? Yes. Ja, my grandmother used to keep me up late at night, reading me stories about things like this. No, I don't know anything! I don't know! I know about the history of the country I grew up in, not about underground fortresses. Let's put a pin in that and get back to it. I was speaking in metaphor. Perkins! You are such a fun player! Jeez! Such a 180 from Shale, when you were here the last time. Yeah. That's a dude, double fisting, full on-- Maybe they will go to sleep eventually. Maybe we can come back a little later. Yeah, if we are crazy enough to start a fight with these two-- But if we do, the bubble is a good idea, although I have to stay in the bubble for the bubble to be in effect. What about this? What if Fjord does that distraction we talked about across the fire. You Banished that stone creature? I know how to do that as well. If you and I both take a shot at the one on our side, one of us maybe will succeed. And? While they are all debating this, I channel a little bit of transmutive energy into my stone and change its focus from constitution to fire resistance for myself. Not today, I didn't study that last night. Yeah, it's you two. You are the quickest. A plan? I'm the odd man out. No, there are many things I could do, but I did not do my homework last night that would facilitate those things. Jester, bring the haversack over, open it up so that Beauregard can focus on the mote of possibility. Just look into the bag. Just like huffing gasoline. It's in the bag. Beauregard's face goes into another dimension for a moment. Yes, you keep all your thoughts. Look, there's the creative lead of Dungeons & Dragons over there. You take all the stat adjustments except for your brains in there, so all your decision making is the same. But dexterity saves and stuff, that's the creature's stats, right? Just imagine if Jester had teleported away and went with Sprinkle and Caleb is just going Uh? Beauregard is now Noah's ark. Very heavy metal. One? 20? Aw. They're clanging? It's probably ten or 15. Hey, I'll do it. Caleb leans out the passageway and casts Polymorph on the giant. It is 16, I believe. 16 wisdom. It's a cow. You call yourself a dungeon master? Jesus. Oh my god. One. Well, wait, no. There's no natural ones in initiative. That's a three. If anyone attacks the cow, I'm going to beat you up in the lobby tonight. Don't do it. (like Yasha) A cow killed my wife. Yeah. It's concentration. Usain Bolt just comes (swoosh). (barking, poofing) Princess Bride moment. Holy shit. Just powder. It's going to moo-ve? "Speed 40 feet" is what the internet is telling me. Just let it happen. Just let it happen. Take 30 points of cow damage. That just means you're going to Bilbo Baggins your way across this bridge, motherfucker! LAURA and Don't kill my goblin, Matthew. Ja, I'm going to lean out. I'm going to extend my middle finger to the giant on the bridge, mutter a few arcane words around my hand, and cast Banishment. 16 charisma. Components are an item distasteful to the target. So for my movement, I am going to just take a step, not back in, but to the side. Actually, and I will walk-- To the other side of the dog. Yeah, right there. Yeah. And I'm just looking for Nott. Come on, La. Come on. Fuck our culture. Oh, man. This is what happened the last time we went to the Underdark. TALIESIN and It's just where these people live, man. But they are really gorgeous to look at. Yeah, hats off. Great books. It took several days of Pike giving me good mojo to heal. Holy shite. Don't you take my goblin mom away! It's going to be around 45. What's your full HP? Oh shit. It's got to be low then to survive that. So what I did last time did not work so I am going to change tactics and I am going to cast instead Polymorph on the same giant-- Yeah. A giant octopus. 16 wisdom. He has a movement of ten. I'm going to move back into the-- nope. I'm going to stay right there. That was a lot. Caleb's standing like a doofus because he didn't want to leave Nott so he's still out there. Just make him mad. To keep it occupied the octopus is going nowhere. Ooh, meniscus tear. Ten feet of movement! What? Okay. I don't think so. It's just that unless it gets hit. Lasts for the duration or until the target drops to zero hit points-- For an action, I will disengage and juke left-right and run into the hole. Chris! Join us at the table.