Go Yankees! The Jim Henson studio was mad to let you go. It's gorgeous on paper. We've got to. Round one! I cast Haste on Beauregard. It's licorice. I just need licorice. I didn't try to hide it. Caleb is stress chewing on the licorice root that he used to cast the spell. An extra attack action. Beat that practice dummy! Is what Jester thought. Oh, no I'm just being my same, awkward self. It's fine. Definitely the mushrooms. I send Frumpkin over to start lapping the blood off of Jester's face. Ja, who are these friends of yours up north? Complications, predicament, do you have any more specifics than that, perhaps? No, we are interested in more of a buffet, here today. As a sidebar, should we be worried about our friend that we sent north to that area? Return of the Vex. Does that contraband include high-quality paper and ink? High-quality paper and ink. Just Pacman table. Are you? All of us. And hey, DM, knowing the Empire, how direct a route is it from Fabron Keyess area, Berleben to Shadycreek Run? We have to go around some mountains right? Yeah. (printer noises) Berleben. Hupperdook is over here-- We're down there. And Shadycreek Run was what area again, did you say? Quannah Breach. There it is. We're very close to Berleben and then it seems like quite a-- Stray, yeah, a trek to-- Xhorhas is over there. If there is a chance to look in on Horris, if it is easy, if it doesn't put us out, you know? If it's put right in front of us. I am over Zadash. Well, quite frankly, I am a little more comfortable in Quannah Breach anyway. Yeah. Yeah. For a round, it's gone. It's just a pain in the ass in combat, not in out of combat. No. Yeah, I will as well. Well, we'll hope we can do both. Can we do both? When you say "underground," are you speaking metaphorically, or do you literally have a way underground to get there? The river goes that far? Yeah, we took that for an hour, not 70 miles. What would we have to be wary of in the river? Paper and ink? I've used it. Sure. Caleb hangs back all by himself and says (stuttering) Paper and ink? Ja, danke. Okay. I am going to run over to Pumat's to buy some paper and ink. I'm gone. Ja. This is a quick stop, I don't want to take up too much of your time and we don't have much. We have a busy day planned. I was wondering if you had, perhaps, maybe 100 gold's worth more of that good paper and ink that you have supplied me with already. Oh, ja, I am sorry. Also, I am in need of maybe 20-30 gold's worth of fine incense, if you have that as well. Is there anything that you wanted to purchase while we are here? Holy shit, Pumats. You don't want to know how much I have. We are very appreciative and I don't know if you have already, but you should look into some sort of membership card or frequent customer points. Thousand gold's worth of paper and the 11th ream is free. We'll go now. You know that little boost you had back there in your fist fight with the blue one? You're welcome. I cast-- That was arc-- That was a spell. You scratch my back, I will scratch yours. The others are on a mission, let's go. Loaf. How about Loaf? I want to be on the cart. Yasha, will you hold this for me? I put Frumpkin on her shoulder and start transcribing. It is a real cat. Frumpkin can be here or Frumpkin can be there, and right now he is here. He would like you to touch him, yeah. But respectfully. No, I think it's pretty instantaneous and honestly I am so glad to have him, but I think that it is probably nicer on the other side. Does your mother ever read stories about the Feywild and sprites and blumpkins? That's not the word. Of the Feywild? It's another plane of existence that is a mirror slightly off of our own. With us, but apart from us at all times. That means he likes you. I tell Frumpkin to nestle in and he starts doing that thing where they claw their way in when they're getting cozy. It hurts, but it's also lovable at the same time. Then I stop talking to everybody and I start transcribing things. Sometimes you do make them bulletproof and we get mad. But most of the time, we can crack the code. We're going north. I donate the paper that The Gentleman gave me. I'm taking this silver thread and making a 20-foot cube around the cart. Perception check at disadvantage. God's really cool, right? Right, right. Wild and crazy guys! That was the best sleep I have had in a long time. My father used to tell me that they would steal children. Ja. Excuse me, Nott, are you taking the piss right now? With all due respect, she is smarter than that. Frumpkin goes back to the Feywild. Why don't we send my cat? If it's of interest, we can turn around. A mile away? (reluctantly) Yeah. All right. For you, Fjord, I will make Frumpkin a bird. You are more sensitive than I would have imagined. You're so tough, but everybody here likes you. I was just about to make a really cool owl. Are we really? Okay. Wait, she's going to the shack? I put Frumpkin back on her shoulder. I'm going to start looking through Frumpkin in an attempt to let Yasha know I am with her. I make Frumpkin do this to her forehead (knocking) with his paw. Oh, that's a good question. I know that we were loosey-goosey with familiar things. I know that we've said that I can see this far away, but I probably cannot make him do that this far away. 100 feet, I take it back. I would say Caleb has been narrating this to everybody back. This is our kingdom. Small Shit Keep. Silver thread. I found poison oak, you guys! I got it. I am. I have (popping noises) With advantage or straight? Straight roll. I will still do it. Oh, I think it's 60 feet? I bet that's wrong. It is 120 feet. Ok, I'll roll the twins. Hey, really good. That's a 22. Nott, there's something. Something. Whack! I just smack Beau and then-- I cast Mage Armor. The second does not hit, but the first one obviously does. Not great. Ten. Shit! I wanted to talk to Nott! Matt's wood. There's big people. There's little people. 18. 12 does not hit. Does not hit! (vomiting) There's an arrow sticking out of my ribs. I'm going to push through the pain in my veins and reach into my satchel and smear molasses on my hand. I'm going to cast Slow on this batch here. They have to make a wisdom save against my DC. 16 is the DC. Speed is halved. Takes negative two to AC and dexterity saving throws. Can't use reactions. On its turn, it can use either an action or a bonus action, not both. That's okay. I'm going to use my movement to get closer into the fire. Maybe over towards Molly and Yasha. Yeah. Slow. Is that half of his movement? Yeah, okay. I'll take it because Shield won't match the difference. No. I did well. Concentration is-- I've never done this before. That is a 19. Oh, Gottsverdammt! Ten. I'm looking through my eyelashes. Where's my Percy die? Deception, you say? It is an 18. Ja. But really, I'm up to full! Yeah, because I have no hit points. She's re-dirtying me for me! This is what Dungeons & Dragons is all about. What happened to me? I haven't gone in a while. I'm poisoned, so any attack rolls are at disadvantage, correct? I'm going to struggle to my feet, and I'm going to cast Sleep over and away in that direction, so it falls way back behind the ogre and these two wolves. The goal is to get the ogre and two wolves just on the edges of it, so it doesn't hit any of my friends. I'm aiming far behind them to get them on the perimeter. The wolves are the primary goal, stopping short of Jester. They are the wall, the outer edge. Bad roll, 13 hit points total. I got to standing, which would take half my movement, so I'm going to use my last 15 feet to get exactly opposite to the other side of the wall by sliding around it. And killing Jester. Haha, funny joke. Yeah, okay, I'm going to start muttering under my breath and stretch out two hands and send two Magic Missiles one at the one that ran that way, and two at this one, and two at the one that ran that way. I'm casting it at level two. Okay, so the one that was near Nott is three and seven for that one. Verdammt. Two, three and seven for that one as well. I will just stay put. It would've been about 60 feet away from you if he used his action to dash. I would have said if we'd gotten around to it that if I could go another 30 feet in this direction, if I could still see the last goblin that went this way, I would fire off more magic missiles to finish it. But that's only if I can see it. Terrible. Six. Magic Missile. No. Let's do level three. That's 20. Yeah. Who wants to go with me to go get our stuff? Caleb, in Celestial, says No, but really, are you an angel? It's a secret nerdy language you wouldn't understand. Continuing in Celestial. Just Laura! Well, I figure you're going to have to explain this a bit, either now or later. Do you want to do it now or later? There's nothing around, right? Perception check? Just a ten. Besides you. In Celestial The blue one is getting pouty, we better switch back to Common. Well-read. Was there anyone you were close to? What if we went with you? Did you see what Yasha just did though? I think it is a good idea to go there, when we are finished. I do not care. I know who you are now. If you don't want to go back there, we don't have to go back there. But if you actually do, don't be afraid to ask. I will go with you. You told me it was cherry wine. We're arguing about who's going to take the first watch. We could finish the watch that we didn't really finish. Why don't you take the next one? Can I say something short to Nott before we switch to the last? Sitting in the rain. You know, I never talked about my past for obvious reasons, and I didn't want questions pointed back at me. Still no pressure on you, but if you ever want to talk more about it, the door is always open for you, Nott. When you are ready. Who am I to judge? I fall asleep in the mud and rain. More ogres and goblins. Five more hours.