Testicle roach! (dubious noises) Humble dragon-brag. Which is a problem, 'cause it blows the invisibility. Did you draw that one, or is it your kid? I'm pretty sure the only monster here is you. (tearfully) I just thought of it five seconds ago and I'm so happy. Caleb starts silver threading the entrance that Fjord swam through. The moment that they exit the pool, we'll know and it would wake me up, or you up, or anybody up. Frumpkin's hair gets poofed out and his tail floofs out and he starts growling at the sound. Is it my turn with the dodecahedron? I do. Did you use it? I more want to examine it. No. Can I borrow the bag? I'm going to spend maybe a half-hour before bed not trying to use it, but just examine it. 15. Well, this evening I'm going to use it for the grand purpose of being my pillow in the bag, so I'm going to sleep. It’s in the bag. Does my head do this? I'm awake? They're awake? Ah, fish, Nott. No, down below, in my-- Yeah. Wake up! I'm going to send Frumpkin to crawl down and get a look. It’s fine. Good, four. Oh, we left the corpses out. I don't know. No? 100 feet. I actually have no memory of anything on range for bamfing in and out, but I will defer to you because you're my DM. Ja, there is one down there right now and he tried to kill my cat. Am I able to prepare Magic Missile like a held spell for a fish head popping out of the hole? But I’d lose the slot if I held the-- I won't do that, then, but I will watch the hole. I have no lights up, so I should be at disadvantage, right? I'm going to roll again. What does that say? No, I had to Fire Bolt so it wouldn't matter how long I held it. My lower is a 12. I just watched all that. I'm going to pull out a rag and do my veiled lantern thing with Dancing Lights. Put one of what things up? Down there? You want me to go down there? I'm going to send Frumpkin down again. Come on, Frumpy. Nine. Someone told me that cats have advantage on perception. Are they full of shit? You’re my DM. Would it cancel out, is why I'm asking? I will. So cancel? That's pretty good. Perception, 19. He could watch, but the alarm is just as good. It's automatic, gets me up, Frumpkin can sleep. After you. Ja. 12. I have my hand on Yasha's enormous, rippling shoulder. I need about ten minutes. In the dark, I pull out the thread and I start doing the thing. I can't do that, but I will do that. We'll say that I said that out loud to her. Nott had a wonderful idea for you to pick up all of the dead things. Let's get the shit out of here. I'm freaked out, so I'm going to stay up with Yasha. Perception, 11. Could I back up one hour and ask Yasha a quick question? This is a small group for you, you traveled with the circus. This is a big group for me. Do you have any advice? You seem awkward like me. But you made it work with a lot of people. I've tried that too, and it goes horribly. I think it goes pretty bad. I'm confused, did you have advice? I start writing these things down. It just rained though. This is the cleanest I've been in weeks. Most of the time I'm trying to. People don't pay attention to beggars so much. Yeah, in general. You're as big as a giant barn, you are hard to miss. Do you know what I miss? Shaving. One thing that I have realized today is that I need to work on my interpersonal skills and friendship making. So try not to cut up my face, okay? No, leave my hair on my head, but I have not had a clean-shaven face in a long time. No, you can take it all. You can crush a person, but I'm not quite sure how dexterous you are, so I don't want any fancy tricks. Okay. Should I lie on the ground? Have you done this before? With that? I lie on the floor. Wait! This means we are friends. (inhales) That might be better. Four globules of light rise up around you as you begin to shave. Caleb's inner monologue is I want to shrivel up and die. I take a brief moment with the dodecahedron before handing the bag back to Jester. I'll forget. It's a bad idea for you to stay. We would need you. You're not very good at finding traps, but everything else you're quite good at. How long has he been gone for? Oh, you're in here talking about what was there. I was distracted. I was thinking about my books. I don't want them to get harmed. Your bag is probably water resistant, yeah? I do want to leave them with Nott. I'm going to unharness the-- Yeah. If you come after us, would you please hide them under a stone or something? Two. Yeah, girl! Yeah! Zweiundzwanzig. 22. Yeah. That's good, Ashley. Listening to their footfalls. So pretty! Here comes the smoke! This is wrong. This is right. That's still wrong, that's right. Don't fuck me, Colville. You fucked me, Colville. Sechs. Krav Maga! Quick question From the fish guy up at the top there, if that was the corner of a cube, would it reach the one down by the lollipop? 40-foot cube, excuse me, sorry. That's probably not big enough. That's too big, right? It's too far? If I were to hit the fish guy at the top and make that the corner of a cube and go this way, it would probably only get two of them, right? Forget it. I'm going to cast Haste on Mollymauk. I can't see. It's dark, I'm blind. It's the safer bet, to aid my friend on the next turn. You have just been Hasted, and I am going to move along the wall this way away from the enemies that I think I can detect. From the cavern behind us (muffled air horn noises) What's the lighting like in here? I cannot see anything. I'm going to move towards the sound of Jester shouting in the dark and I'm going to raise up the Glove of Blasting and try to shoot the fish-man that I heard way up high ahead of me, up the hill. They'll all be at disadvantage. The one with the staff at the top. First one's 15. Second one is 14. And then that is also 14, so just one of them hits. That is six points of fire damage. Okay, that's it. Double speed. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck! Ja, how far can I get towards this one over there? Even if it means going in the water. Will I get within 30 feet of him? Well, show me how far-- I'm going to try it. I'm going to wade in. I was considering it, it's just not what I wanted to do. I'm going to cast Dispel Magic on the storm above me. Everybody hears (nervous laughter). That did not sound good. Shield. I will use the dodecahedron and roll a 20 on this side. I got a natural two. I get to choose, it says it on this paper. Alternatively, after an attack roll is made against me, I can expend the fragment to roll an additional d20 and choose. So two plus whatever. Caleb will remember this. That's cocked. You've got to take the good with the bad. I'm going to save my higher stuff for the guy who's disappeared, so I'm going to Fire Bolt it right at point-blank range at disadvantage. Ugh. (laughter) I'm going to crouch down into the water and submerge up to my neck in the hopes that it does not know where I am and I'm too short to be hit. Flank that Yasha enemy! (pigeon coos) Advantage to disadvantage, straight roll. I'll take it. Get out of here, status thing. What was the damage before, DM? Thank you, thank you. My web browser's going insane. I can't. Hold on. I have no internet right now. I rolled a six, and I don't know what my con is because I have lost-- Oh, you're right, I do, after you asked me nine times. (laughter) Does the exhaustion happen when the spell's broken? Okay. Earlier, I'm sorry, because the internet shit the bed on me, so it was 12 plus 14. I'm still up. He's like this in the water. Am I able to wade onto the land, just behind Beau there? Yeah, if I go in that direction, can I get off on dry land? Okay, I'm going to do that, and as I'm doing that, I'm pulling out my little clay cat's paw and I'm going to hold Maximilian's Earthen Grasp. As soon as I hear fish talking in the water, I'm going to let it go. Cat's Paw! 16. Strength. Yeah. “On a failed save, the target must make a strength saving throw.” Versus my 16. And it takes 2d6 damage. Bludgeoning damage. Five points of bludgeoning damage. It's so big. Six total. So a big muddy claw sinks into its tail and pulls it down in place. The damage doesn't do anything to its spellcasting ability, does it? Okay. So what do I take? I'm not going to make this. Eight. Yeah, I'm out. At least you got an apology when you rolled shit. Sure. Let's do this. That's a six. This is like those Tatasciore spells. Like (mimics cutting out). Front of Molly. That's what you do. Yasha. Come on, buddy. Would Caleb have flown backwards when he was struck before? When Caleb was knocked down by Thunderwave the first time, would he have been thrown backwards? Oh, I thought-- Should I make another death save? That's an 11. Thank you. (groans) Ow. No, you got to just do this. Check out her book, Motor Crush! A one, a one, and a two. You look pretty bad. I'm good. What's that stuff up there? I'm going to start hobbling towards the bottom of the stony steps. I realize something in a panic and I trudge through the water back towards the entrance and I pull out the wire and I put it in my hands and I cast Message and say to Jester Please, please, please get my books and put them in your bag, please? (Bane voice) "Your punishment will be more severe." Are you being careful up there? Yeah, you know. Nott could have a look around, I could have a look around once Jester returns with my books. I start speed wading back. (stuttering) Are my books dry? But can I see them? Are they dry? They're dry. Okay. I recommend that you allow me to check for magical problems. Then once we know what's what, then you go in. But that takes about ten minutes. So I will pull out my spellbook and I will use ritual casting to cast Detect Magic. There's a glow in the water as well? Well, I'm not doing anything. I'm just saying. We know that there is something magical in the pool itself and then you said the long wooden box is glowing? What kind of magic is coming off of the wooden box? Enchantment. I don't believe that there is any kind of protection or magical lock on that. So, yeah, try to pick the lock from a distance. (sing-song) Do-de-do-de-do! She's doing it from 30 feet away. Hopefully that's enough. That looks heavy, so first, you hold that. Have we found everything? Also, while all that was going on, I was looking for a jagged cross with two crescent moons in it. Of those 6 or 7 that I saw, I will take the one that looks the most familiar to me from my memory. I’m going to keep that. Clearly that's what's glowing at the bottom to my eyes? What kind of magic, school of magic, is it? I don't know. I think you should put it-- Yeah, let's put it down with that sword that we found, Mollymauk. Do you want to see something? Come with me, okay? I'm going to lead Jester up to the top where fish guy was at the beginning with his staff. Set it down, and-- We’re already up there? Yeah, I want to go up where all the little thingies are. Let's set it down, just in case. Okay? Then I pull out my spell book again and-- Will you hold this for me? Sit down with me. I rifle through the pages to the right one for Identify and the sword is down. Okay, I'm going to use this one. You can see-- and I start showing the different glyphs and I start the ritual. So it takes ten minutes to make the spell. I thought it was just the long box that we already opened. If the box was solid enough, that's true. I would think there would be enough time overlap, though, for Detect Magic to still have one or two minutes left before we get to the end of Identify. So if that is brought over, do I notice any sort of glow from-- Okay. So I mutter. I pause my chanting and say I will take a look at that in a moment. Hold on. And finish my 11 minutes of ritual casting. Wait. Is anyone going to interrupt me before I get to the end of Identify? Yeah? (laughter) Just a bunch of sexual innuendo, Matt. Yes. There's a complete blade that's magic. Caleb is furrowing his brow at everybody arguing about this as he's 30 seconds away from ending. Lost. Gone. Jester's holding my spell book. On sword and cat's eye. It's whatever's sitting in my little-- The complete sword? All this shit doesn't exist, so sometimes it's hard to tell what we're talking about. This blade is called Summer's Dance. Mr. Mollymauk? I feel like this might be good for you. There is a kind of magic that I do not even possess that allows you to vanish from one point and reappear in another, and this blade will allow you to do it. It is a very fine blade. It is more lethal than a regular blade and will allow you to poof, poof, poof. You can all argue over it, but I hand it to Mollymauk. As well as the cat's eye. Is it one spell, one item? Okay, next. You're welcome, internet. Could have waited 11 minutes, but no. You grabbed the stone before I had a chance to finish what I was doing. Why did you do that? Why? No. TALIESIN and I was him, what does that mean? No. Are you skipping any details? Are you skipping any details? I feel like we're missing something. I'm going to cast Dancing Lights and scour the room. Is there anything we're missing? If you have 11 minutes to spare, yes I can. I begin ritual casting Detect Magic. Oh man, ritual casting. Just one. Can I take 30 seconds to see if it jogs my memory since I'm such a history buff? Nope. Big 13. I do not have any. I heard that, but who’s got them? I also have a propeller beanie, and a bag of chips, and-- I heard you say that. Who has them? We're pretty sure we have them, guys. I hope we brought Kiri with us. Nope. I give Beauregard a hug, and say I don't know what I'm doing. Just go with it. I look to Yasha. Caleb doesn't laugh like that at all. (awkward laughing) That's not necessary. Not. Necessary. Working on it. Ja okay. Of course I do. You made Babs Tarr hide her head in her laptop, man! Well, my friends, whatever we do, we are really fucked up. At least Beauregard and I are really fucked up. Shit, let's go find Vecna! Reverse math. We came from that direction precisely. Oh, that's a Final Fantasy VII Materia rogue. Bling it out, man. Bling that shit out.