Oh man, Emmy-nominated, ladies and gentlemen. Sorry, spoilers, sorry. Invulnerable Vagrant. Keep going. I got up early to use a ritual to bring Frumpkin back, I have enough supplies to bring Frumpkin back one time. I'm not here. Oh, let's find out. That's a three. I will go with you, and Frumpkin will go with you. Honestly, it's very cute. We're getting into Mr. Potato Head territory. I think maybe a simple halfling woman. They are pulling your leg. It's hard to get a bead on her because she always takes up and leaves. Yes, Jester, also you have a very nice personality, but it is a big one. Well, just what you were just talking about. That's because I was speaking to you, Jester, sitting in front of me! You made the windows-- I am sitting right next to you. It's a small room. We'll switch it around, then? Maybe Nott, you go with Jester. You stay up top, and I will go to this meeting. Frumpkin will stay with you. No, because I wouldn't be able to hear what they are saying or know what they look like. This one said she wants to punch me in the head. I don't want that to happen. I have done that. Are we talking about drugs again? I will tag along with you again, because I still have-- Well, it's functional. No, you go to Pumat's, I think. I don't know. I just haven't split up with you a lot lately. You and me. No, I am going with Jester to this fancy place. You are the muscle. She's the muscle. You guys are the muscle. I am not the muscle. I could take you back to where I bought this cloak yesterday, if you want to go there. Prime. Is it reusable? Yeah. You know, I had that bad time yesterday, but probably different guards there and I have this cloak now so I'm going to-- Yeah. Oh, the rain has already taken care of most of that. Thank you. Is it good? Okay. We'll see if the guards think so, eh? That's the idea, yeah. I'm looking at the ground. It's nice in here. It has a name. It is called Chastity's Nook. MARISHA and Yes, it's right in the name. What was that called again? It's a good name. Just before we head that way, just out of curiosity, what is the name of the bakery that is near? I go and ask. I walk into the-- come, are you hungry? Okay, I will get us some sweets if you want. Yeah, sure, why not? We are flush at the moment. I walk in. Better than after. (groaning and laughter) Yeah, what are you in the mood for? Do you want something sweet or something savory? Bear claws. Well let's see. Excuse me? Whoever's running this show. Yeah, we're in the mood for some bear claws, the kind they have in Nicodranas. Have you heard of these? Do you have them? We'll take the bear claws, yeah? Probably ten bear claws. Also do you have any hot freshly baked bread? I will take a large loaf of hot bread, fresh out of the oven, please. Yeah, we'll return. We'll double back for the bear claws. So we'll come back for ten of these and that hot bread. Yeah, sure, that's no problem. What do I need? $13.50? Okay. One. Two. Three. Easy. Thank you very much. Come on, it's too crowded in there. Okay, that's good to know. I lead the way to Chastity's Nook. That is a very handsome sweater you have. Is that from here in the city? I'm sorry, what is your name? Iva. Pleasure to meet you. Iva Deshin. I'm new to town, and I'm looking for a bit of reading, and this place has been highly recommended to me, and I'm wondering what-- I made you plan for this! You know, my tastes are very varied. I'm always looking for something new. Of course. I am very interested in literature recommendations. As she walks away from us You know, I'm obviously here for a purpose, but I like historical fiction as well, and I like when the two things are combined. Do you know what I mean? I like historical fiction. I don't like shallow smut. I like to learn something while I'm being titillated, I suppose. I have rolled a zwanzig, that is twenty. I'm very much interested, in this and other books as well, but we will start with (whispers) the Courting of the Crick. I'm still interested. I would like to see the quality of the book. You know, see if it's in mint condition. Did she walk away from me, by the way? I cast Detect Magic. Everything. The range, I believe, is 30 feet, if I'm not mistaken. Yeah, it is. Am I covering every part of the store where I am? I start to browse. Just one of the patrons. Nothing behind any doors, nothing on the shelves. Okay, I wait for her to return. That is finely made. May I hold it? I turn with her, so that my back is, and I speed read four pages. Oh jeez! Out of curiosity, if I flip through, do I see any boning anywhere inside? Yes, it's a high quality item, you can understand my excitement. I've been thinking in the space of time that you have left, and while I would like to purchase something here today, I'm very low on funds, and the nature of this book, and the trouble I could get into-- I mean, your secret is safe with me, but it is too hot for my hands. I was wondering if you had a copy of Shallow Breaths here? Perfect. How much would this run me? Three silver, okay. I take out the three silver. One, two, three, and I hand it over. Yes, and did you two want to get anything? What is your niche? All her hopes and dreams. Written by Seven Corbo. It's probably about time to go pick up the bear claws. On the top shelf, behind you there. What do you call those? These pastries? I slide the smut under a tray of bread. A tray of bread on the counter. Yeah. Hide it. They look the other way. That's all right. 11. Oh. Okay. I'll take my bread, please. Thank you. Would you like to carry the bear claws? As we're walking out, I will show you a trick that I've learned in the past few years. It's very cold out. I pull sides of the bread out. It's hot. I hand to you a bread, and I hand you a piece of bread, and then I shove my hands in. It's warm, and I can eat it later! Let's go. Yeah, but I can eat this. Why are you looking at me that way? It's not weird. Many people have done this in this make-believe world and also in America. I walk out the door. I slide my hand under the sheets, and I feel that thread count. Maybe if you had carried a ruler, you could hit my knuckles harder next time. No. No! I light my hand on fire. I would've burned the bread and then I couldn't eat it. It's simple. Well, I don't have-- the control is a little tricky sometimes. Sometimes. Zauber. Like sour. What are you looking at? You're squinting. Where are there people? I mean, if you are in the empire you've heard of the Cerberus Assembly, ja. Ja. It is what it is. Well, that is also true, but it also is what it is. It's the empire. Where are you? What are you doing down there? And? Yeah. What are you going to do about it? Insight check. One. (laughter) We're going to hit the bars tonight. Nationwide, yeah. Should we go or--? Did you? You bought that book? You bought me that book? That is so expensive for this book. This is just smut. I don't know. I don't read things like this. Yeah, you have it. You know, the thing is, places like that are like yard sales. 99% of the time, there is nothing but broken crap. But once, and I pat the book in one of my holsters, I found something. Did you draw the dick on the Friends spell? You did it? That's the one. Yeah I found that in a porn shop. Porn. Yeah. Hidden. You go first. Give me your review. Yeah. Have at it. I appreciate the gesture, because it is the thought that counts. It's the gesture, Jester. But seriously, thank you. A Tale of Two Titties. There's a casino. You want to go to the casino? I don't want to go there. This neighborhood makes me a little edgy to be honest. I'm done. But I will go with you if you want to go somewhere. Shall we go? You know, I'm a little tuckered. I'm going to take a rest upstairs. I'm going to copy that last spell into my book. I'll see you guys in a little bit, maybe around dinner time. Yeah, it's cocked. Oh no. Yes. How far in are you? How long have you been working on it? The second T is silent. Oh, I'm with my friends here, they've shared a bit of what is gone on here and I'm sympathetic. Thank you. Caleb. Yeah, you have already mentioned that some of your people were followed and eyed. Which ones, specifically? I dabble a bit in the arcane, nothing too impressive, but a little more than nothing. I'll go along with Fjord. What is the benefit for us? I send Frumpkin after her. I have a hand on Beau's shoulder-- Are any of those books of an arcane nature, because I'm also looking? I'm looking through Frumpkin. Very bad. Just an eight. I'm sorry, I did not catch all of the meeting that you went to the other night. Are they paying anything? Are we doing this for altruistic reasons? So has anything been discussed in advance, is all I'm asking. What did you say? I did not have a--oh yeah. There is some sort of wards on the gates there. It's something I've done 100 times in small towns. I tried to disguise myself, and there was nothing there, they saw right through it, and they were dicks about it. It is not the entire Tri-Spire, because-- No, not. Not Nott, it is not. I cased the smut shop, I looked for arcane things there and did not, well. But I was able to use my abilities. Oh, wait, I knock on Jester and Beauregard's door. You are turning in? No, by all means, but I have changed my mind. I feel guilty for discarding the book that you purchased for me and I was wondering if I could read it tonight, but only if you are going to bed. Okay. I'm going to read it before bed. It will take me about an hour. Good night. Come on, I'm just putting up the thread, come to bed. Come to bed. No. No, I don't. (poof) Alarm. I go to Jester and Beauregard's room and say-- Good morning, sleepy heads! I leave the book leaning against the door. Did I find anything good in it? There was a lot more historical fiction in it than actual pornographic content, I was surprised. Feels like it's weighing on you. It's amazing what a good book can do, it gets its grips into you. Yeah, because if we come out looking like rats, then out we will go. Yeah, I was going to ask if the two empire kids know about that position. Yes, that's true. She could be a lazy ass. Sure. Caleb said. Let's find out! We're going to be quiet in the sewers because there's things down here. They were everywhere the last time. He is going to be about 12 inches shorter. 20. I make myself look like the male version of the elven woman that Jester did in a similar high collared clothing. Nott, what Fjord is implying is-- you know how I can make myself look like anything? Okay. Well, you're always good to have hidden away in case something goes squirrely. So definitely you. Maybe me as well. Yeah. If you make it in? No, I'm going to stay with Nott. I will be back-up. You're a good talker. We don't need two good talkers. Yeah. Oh, cat? I think that we're hidden away in case things go bad with the crownsguard. After that then they're on their own, I think. Be careful, twinnie. Caleb is turning the diamond over and over in his hand like a fidget spinner, watching all of this. So we've got it buttoned down. We are not going bring this woman's life down in a shambles because she is an asshole, I mean, we are assholes. Ja? For different reasons. Okay. And? Okay, so let me go over this, then. We have no form of payment of any kind planned in advance. We don't know if this woman has done anything besides being a snide puppy-hater. I have personally bribed people, I don't know that I would-- listen, I do not like the government--I say this quietly--I do not like the empire, but we're really sticking our neck out with very dangerous people. I don't think we have much to go on, I don't think we know how we're going to be receiving recompense for this. Well, I am willing to discuss our continued involvement, once the payment is figured out. It's on all our minds. Unspoken. We have already dropped our disguises if they recognized us. Yeah. I could, yeah. Well, it has to happen eventually. We're pretty ragtag, but they're both very good at what they do. Insight check on that statement. Balls. Total balls. Literally, no. Figuratively? Yes. The biggest and the baddest, potentially. Too real. We would like to discuss. I want to walk away very fast if this goes wrong. My hackles are up. It does not feel as sure a bet as other things that we have done together. But okay. But there's money involved, so there's incentive. One hundred percent. He is hard to read. Level three, motherfucker. Which is possible. Yeah. Most likely. Meanwhile, at the Soltryce Academy. SAM and So it's another dance through the sewer if we want to do that tonight, which we could do. Yeah, I think that ship has sailed, Fjord. Come up with one. Actually come up with one.