(as Mickey Mouse) Ha ha. I'm Kylo Ren. Ha ha. (as Mickey Mouse) Ooh! Sorry, dad. (air hissing) (as Kylo Ren) I have come from a galaxy very far away to talk to you about Tor Books. Tor Books is America's largest-- (laughter) Listen to him again, he has a very subtle Brooklyn accent always. I did one time, yes. He was great! It was a great project! I love Star Wars! I'm dressed as him! (laughter) Oh, the burn. But only from the fire burns. Deep down that rabbit hole for years. Oh my god. I liked playing with you. Never won, but I enjoyed the process. Amazing. We're going to time change again here? Jet lag absolutely destroyed any gain we got. Also lots of love to Kit Buss who's a good friend of the show, and a good friend of ours, and it was so cool meeting you guys from all over the fucking planet, man. Amazing. (deep voice) Hey, how you doing? We just need to wait this out. We killed all the creatures. How many eyes do I have right now? Because it feels like I have three of them. That's good. Whoa. Oh yeah. Hey, you guy! How come you did not do anything? It was pretty touch-and-go. Do you want to sit back and stay safe and then get eaten? I am really not myself right now. Three eyes, each one is an onyx stone? Are you reading anything off of all of the eyes that I am seeing, those stones? Question do the eyes in this picture bear any resemblance to the tattoos I spied through the window when I eavesdropped through Frumpkin on Fjord and Avantika's conversation? Very much so, okay. Und amber for the three eyes on the head, or every single time? You described the first group looked humanoid, no strange features, just arms, legs, head, but for the second one with the serpent they're a little weird? Also the three figures on each wall, are they standard humanoid form? Is there any writing of any kind? Am I able to read it with the Comprehend Languages that should still be cooking, because it's an hour-long spell? Come on, dice. Be good to me. No. That is a 17. Wait, Fjord! Can I talk to you for a second before you go down there? There is-- the pillars are covered when I do the shield-- when I cover myself and put the shield-- the columns have that in them. Yeah, but it's protection. It's holding something in or holding something back. We know what that thing is with the yellow eyes but what is the tapeworm? They are picking the lock on this safe. Maybe. They might need three. There's two of three. I'm eyeing Jamedi as I say that. Presumably just two of three. As long as it's just one, maybe Fjord is thinking better of it. I'm grabbing Nott by the scruff and dragging her up the stairs. Okay. Weren't there spiral stairways? Can we see to the ceiling of this chamber? Eyes up. Make a perception, you said? 15. Yeah, it's stuck up there, ja? So the fountain lowered, but Nott is trapped inside-- Wait, we're in the chamber? We're all inside there? I'm going to cast Dancing Lights and send four globules up around the roof so that everyone can see everything perfectly. Wait, I cast Enlarge on Caduceus so he's twice his size! Double the size, ja. Yeah, Caduceus, hold Fjord's hand. Fjord, hold his hand, you got it? TRAVIS and I cast Reduce, and now he is half his size. Oh, they're gone then because Enlarge, Reduce. None of that was like a melee attack or anything? Because your damage is reduced since you're teeny. Seven over here as well. I'm sorry, Dante, could you please describe the-- Where everyone is physically, the enemies and us? Just so I can see it in my head a bit better. Yeah. Also, the trapdoor-- Ah, ja, son of Sparta, the trapdoor into this place was like a metal grate, wasn't it? Not fully-- like, there were holes? Was it a metal grate, or was it solid? Yeah, but not like metal with holes for the water to go through? No. It's slowly starting to sink It's a verbal spell. Verbal. You have to speak. I'll go first because I'm scared. I'm going to use my air to cast Expeditious Retreat on myself. So I, too, am going to spit out some air and do this in the water. That doubles my speed, which I can use a bonus action for dashing, plus my movement. I will swim up five feet and then towards the stairs. That's everything. I'm dead. Oh, question Matt, did you move me two groups of movement? Because it would be for the bonus action, action, and movement. So it'd be one more third. When you cast it, you get that extra juice, and then bonus action on every following round? Thank you. I have not released it yet, no. Oh, is it? 'Tis, so it's dropped, so he's regular size. So I have three ways to move. First way is the bonus action. Do I reach oxygen doing that? Does that get me to air? So all the way to the tippy-top? Oh, balls. I'll use bonus action and movement to go as high as I can. Do I reach the trap door? I will pull out the wire from my spell components and try to jimmy to lock. Oh god, I don't know what to do! I'm underwater, yeah? So I still have action, so I'm going to try to open the lock. Straight roll? Oh, it's so good. Natural 20 and a three. That's a four. I lost five of those hoo-has for casting a spell, you said, so do I need to make a constitution throw? Okay, let's all die together. 13. If there was air where Beau was, wouldn't there be air where Caleb was? I'm hasted almost, and I just blasted up to the top of the temple. Then I would have (inhaling). Then I failed the lock picking. I'm taking a breath of air. Caleb would have just rebounded back down and swam. I use bonus action if that gets me to them, good. If not, I will use bonus action plus movement to get to them which I would assume it would get me there. Then I help Nott. I will continue to drag Jester up towards the surface. I cast Feather Fall on myself, on Nott, on Jester, on Beauregard, and on Fjord. It's my last spell slot. I already did it, it doesn't matter. It's what I did. It's who I know, not what hit points exist. I can see that. They are on all sides, the people down below, or are down on one side of them? I'm paddling through the air towards the direction we came from. Drei. I have keen mind, I would call out exactly the right way to go. I have keen mind, I would know the way that would lead us towards the way we came. Ja! That way! Go that way! Unnatural 20. Yeah, I would be calling out this whole time which ways we want to go to get out, ja. Raiders of the Lost Ark, we're just cutting through the jungle. Question, are we under 10 minutes since we shot out the top of that pimple? So I'm still sped up, and I'm going to run at the front and just shout out directions and call out holes, things in the ground to look out for. I'm going to lead the charge. Okay. Natural 20. I see it and use the Glove of Blasting to fire three Scorching Rays. Three Scorching Rays. No, the glove, I haven't used. Yeah, there's three rays. How do I handle this? Is this a skill check? No, I'm just waiting for Nott to throwing it back at them, yeah? Well I reacted to Fluffernutter being shouted and seeing it-- So I will track it and then hit it as it struck the ground. Well, I rolled three times, because there's three rays. Do I use the spell modifier for this, or not? Okay, so the highest roll was a 20, and then the second highest was a 12, so probably of the three rays, probably only one-- I rolled a 20, a 7 and a 12. Total of 12. One. I tell the group, she's doing something stupid. She's distracting them, I have an idea but I don't want to leave her, let's go. I start trudging through the jungle towards the direction I think is the right one. Are we able to tell the direction-- where the lizardmen are, in relation to Nott, or just yuan-ti on us? I'm saying, we all hear the yuan-ti or Nott hears the yuan-ti coming? Okay, but I can tell the direction Nott is running? Or moving? You've seen us, we haven't seen you. Never mind. Yasha's moving towards the beach, Caleb's going to just start firing Firebolt after Firebolt at the treeline, I've a 120 foot range, and is going to set the jungle on fire behind us. Natural one. It's all they had at Smogschmeade! One die roll, man. One die roll. (high-pitched) I said bi-- Is that super-glued on or something? It was in a hurry, but the type of runes that were in that chamber were one of protection, some sort of ward that I don't understand. It's old. It shook the entire room we were in. I thought maybe there were three locks down there, but you only saw one. Presumably, there are two more places in the ocean or in the world for you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, she said for all of us to hear that the real reward comes from releasing the serpent. Is that your intentions? Is that what you desire? So what are we doing? She looks at him like a skeleton key; she needs him for what she wants. I doubt she would allow us to leave on any terms. She needs what's in him. If we want to leave, we are not going to walk away; we're going to sneak away. She's not going to let go of you. You are a key that she needs. She said herself that greater things come when the serpent is released. The giant, god-like serpent. I would ask you-- we're all here. We like you, and if you are being completely forthright with us, we're good, but if we get the slightest whiff that you are after what this woman is after-- Well, I can't speak for them; I'm not interested in being here anymore. Also, that boat is fucked and they could shoot us to bloody hell if they wanted to, so it won't be that big of a stretch if we wanted private sleeping quarters. None of us have any chance, any other option but to play along. What's Jester doing right now? Yeah, well, you do what you have to. Yeah, I'm exhausted. She's cleaning up. I've seen this film. His name is Captain Wiggledick. Fade to tentacles. How many points of exhaustion? You succeed the check, but you disappoint your dungeon master. Right in the blowhole. Aw, that's a great ending. That's a good finish. Pitiful. I rolled a two, so a con bonus gets me to four points up. Seamen, seamen, everywhere. SAM and