The Cold Flower? Which one is the-- Which one is? Run through those really fast. Oh god, too fast. Corpse Flower. It's the only thing I can remember. He said it too fast! Got almost all of it out. Yeah! I will walk behind Beauregard. Also, question What is the temperature like here on this island? Are we tropical at this point? Caleb would then have taken his coat off and twisted it up and tied it to the back of his coat, so he's just with the holstered books and his shirt sleeves rolled up at this point since it's so hot. No, I just tied it onto the back of my pack. Rolled it up like a carpet. Gesundheit. 26. (whispering) They're not saying anything. May I have a look at this one? Not the rubies. Are there any runes on this thing, does it seem arcane in nature? Yeah, how does everyone feel about a ten-minute breather here? I sit down and unholster my book and begin to cast Identify as a ritual. No. One at a time. Do you have a quicker way? It's only ten minutes. Yeah, this sucks. Nott, here's your toy back. Was all of that for all to hear or are they off a bit? Yeah, I'm good. Break time over. 29. Natural 20. I would also say, as we're tromping through, that I would push forward and try to catch up with Jamedi, momentarily. Oh jeez, what is that? Excuse me, two questions for you. What's that? How much further? A day's travel or more than one day until we reach our destination? And did you encounter any kind of threats? Anything specific that we should be on guard for or prepared for? You mentioned that. You avoided them, you did not tangle with them yourself. Makes sense. I cast Mage Armor right in front of him on myself. Thank you. See you later. I'm going back to my earlier position. You said it's also darker now? As I chew on some liquorice root. While that is going on, I walk over and stand next to Caduceus and say Hey. Hello, would you hang out with me for a moment? Excellent, let's stand right here. I casually pull out the wire and I cast Message to Nott. Nott, would you please go, I need you to speak to Avantika and Jamedi together for a moment, please? Ja. Just distract them, please. After a moment passes, I stand behind Caduceus' tall frame and quietly cast Detect Magic. Even for Jamedi? Oh, I need to walk up and learn more about this dance, then. Oh. Ja verstehen, okay. I still want to see what he's carrying. What are you two doing over here? You're holding up. We need to move. I try to catch up to him! I pass them by. Try to catch up. I creep up to just about 30 feet away. I quickly turn around and through the wire say (whispering) There's four lizard people over here. Looking in the distance at them and at Jamedi. Before this spell fades. 16. Roughly how far away is that fray? Also, do I see anything glowing on Jamedi? Okay. The path that they took away, does it line up or deviate from the general direction that we have been heading in? Okay. I have been spending this entire debate looking north and remembering everything that I saw on the way here from the boat and just calculating an exit strategy, because I remember the things that I saw on the way here. (shouting) Or masturbate! Good riddance. No, I'm able to affect its color and have it match. It still looks like a very smooth bubble that is 8-feet tall-- maybe not that big, but it can match the general color. Yeah, it does not glow. I spend the next 11 minutes, I pull out the book, unholster it and start doing a ritual cast, ja? Leomund's tiny hut. Is this where we want to do it, Jester? Okay, just a little longer then. Do we want it just to be us and they have the tent? At the surroundings here or what, we're behind a little bit of stone ruins, or--? Then it's gray, the same color as the stone. I have control of the color. Also out of curiosity, I am a transmutation wizard, so do I have a sense of how old the stone surrounding us is? Ugh, bad roll. 12. The thing is, if I exit this bubble now, then it goes away. I could do it again-- They went to do a perimeter sweep. The good news is we're totally safe in this bubble and nothing can happen to us. Vier. Four. Six seconds. Done. He doesn't know barbarians. I drop the hut, it's gone. Seeing what I see, I've got the transmuter stone, I can see in dim light, so I'm feeling into my satchel and I take out some molasses and smear it on my hands and cast Slow on-- I'll come as far as I can over here, behind Yasha, to see what I can see. I will come this way, not getting closer to them. Yeah, that's fine. That's good. And cast Slow on the two creatures that I see. DC 16. Yeah. No, no apologies. If I have any movement left, I will back away from that shit. Palms are sweaty. You just roll your eyes at us at this point. That made me so happy. 12. Caleb is going to quick-walk over to Avantika, kneel down and say, "Are you all right?!" with his back to Spaghetti and cast Identify on one of the swords. Okay. My back is to him. It was almost a one, but it wasn't. That's pretty good. It's 19. The rapier. Pat the cheeks. We're good. It's gone, but it only takes me 11 minutes. I don't know, are we safe where we are? Did they seem like intelligent beasts? That's better. That's a 20. Still animalistic. Knowing that, I would recommend that if I make the bubble again, even if some more of them come, as long as we stay safe for the next ten minutes, if they come, we will be still and sleeping and all they would see is a round stone. They're animals, they will leave. I will begin my ritual spell in the same spot. Mecca lecca hi mecca hiney ho. Ten-foot radius, so 20 from one side to the other. Ja, I'll take the first shift. I'm good. I'm very jittery tonight. Frumpkin, by the way, is flitting about a little bit from person to person while we talk. Even lands on Avantika's shoulder a little bit and does a little-- Entschuldigung, I'm sorry. Now the owl is pitter-patting on Avantika's hat. Not constantly, but in a cute way. Are you putting the umlaut over the o's in the poop? Pyoop? He flitters up to the finger. He does whatever I say. He bats his little one-ounce owl eyes at Avantika. Frumpkin poops. One. Also, we're being very quiet because we don't want to be heard, but while we're in here, Frumpkin, over a period of ten or 15 minutes, you see this, goes (pitter-patting) along the ground and hops onto Avantika's boot. (pitter-pattering) Eventually stands on top of her dagger, and I cast Identify through touch of my familiar. And he weighs one ounce. Oh, I'm sure it's terrible. Hold on a second. I am. It is 11. Why did you do that? You know why I did that. Ey. Okay. Don't mind me while I make another owl. I begin casting Find Familiar to bring back Frumpkin as a one-ounce owl. (laughter) I promised Beauregard an owl for a week, so I can't have my cat back. Ten minutes later, there's an owl. Watch is over. (whispering) I like cats. Yeah? Ja, you can go out and in, and you can-- sorry. You can put your weapons through it, but no magic will go in or out. But you can leave and come back anytime you want. But please don't go on any walkabouts while we are sleeping. But you already did. Do you promise? That is good enough for me. Good night. (snoring) To be fair, we all had Indian for dinner tonight, so it could be any one of us. It's a slow roll laughter. It took a minute and then it caught like fire. (laughter) Hm? Yeah, okay. Okay well, say the word and I'll pull it down. Do the running man in the mud, Beau. Owl on your head. You've got mono. Yeah! Natural 20 plus 10! The blessing. Woo! 30. Maxed out. Jeez. 30. It's somewhere in the building. We'll find it. And we are hanging back at this point but not in the thick of it. We're seeing this all from a distance? I was thinking about spells. Yeah. I'm ritual casting through this discussion. Comprehend Languages. It's just Ed. I did not prepare the spell to disguise myself. I thought we would be fighting monster people, so... What? Are you Marisha or-- Comforting. What do we think that these beings' reaction will be to not lizard-people being on this island all of a sudden? You think it's an every day or every week or month occurrence? I think we're probably pretty special here. I think that if anyone that looks like me or you shows up on this island, anyone who sees it is going to come asking questions immediately. And the clothes we've seen on these people are like what? They're purple robes you've mentioned? (groaning) I begin to put-- ugh-- my spell books into Fjord's bag. Yeah, I can't have ornate book holsters and-- ugh. Trying to make myself look as simple as possible. I had that spell once. I'll look like a 1980s Halloween costume. Come on. Make me look like Spiderman. You look pretty convincing. How do I look? What do you mean-- what did you say? Is that better? I lean in, way in, to Nott's ear, and say (whispering) Oh, by the way, Caduceus says that Jamedi is actually a dead thing. (whispering) I was telling Nott that Jamedi is a dead thing. Caduceus says Jamedi's dead. (whispering) Keep it on the DL. (whispering) Are you whispering too? (whispering) We don't have a choice! (whispering) What if we let the pirate queen tie rocks to our feet and we're dead?! We have to do this! We can kill them later! We've seen you flit about. Yeah. 25. Rogues, man, rogues! So an intersection to go through to get to the right turn past it? Don't you listen to her. I'm going to go listen to your tapes, your level seven tapes. It's just the bottom of the structure that curves around. I cast Comprehend Languages. Abyssal? You're going to take a dive. Distraction is them. Yeah, actually, we should chase them and kill them because they could actually snap out of it at any second. Kill them. Yeah, that's right. Ja. They would kill us; we watched them skinning the inhabitants of this-- Are we in a stone room? Is there wood? Fire Bolt. TRAVIS and Bolt. 17. It's 2d10, which is 19. It's all stone. Seven. Every week we're like, this is the episode where we start thinking. This is the one. Fire Bolt. Yeah. Is he dead or is he unconscious? Oh, yeah. That's a 22. It's a 23. It's five. That's the sound it makes. Phoomph. How tall is this person who's just died? Yeah. He's only four feet? Okay, I take out some iron and I go (whooshing) and he shrinks to an eighth of that and I pick him up. Yeah, I don't want to leave him here. Oh, he went down there? I thought he was at our feet. I would only do it if he was right where we were. 11. Obviously for killing. With all the reading I have done, can I ascertain or have a good guess of what this is used for besides? Yeah, I know it's for killing people, but does it do something? To do something. Summon things, make a god happy... I have read many books. I got a one. Not my neighborhood. Yeah. Is it safe? I'm casting Mage Armor. How steep? So how fast does the fall feel? So it's not that far down? I begin casting Slow. Let's skip and go to the next episode!