That's accurate. We're about to! Can we all cry if we can get the whole game tonight? (voice cracking) Emotional cry! And new items. New items on sale right now. Look at this. Also, hi, Dread Singles, feel better! Look at that! Look at it on paper! Look at the color! We can hold it and taste it and smell it! He would totally do that. Frumpkin walks to the edge of the table and shows his butthole by lifting his tail up. I just can't believe he got here. Oh, well we have an hour. Edubation. You want to have a big bowl. Also, I'm wondering if she seems straightforward. Is the nervousness an act? Yeah, okay. It's a 15. Okay. Could go either way on that. Also, why do these people want the bowl that you're talking about? This is a very tactless question, but you are talking about the Scaled Tyrant and you also are sporting some scales. Is that a coincidence or are they related? We're pretty cool. He's work for hire. Frumpkin travels over to Kiri and starts going (purring) as he nestles against Kiri. The cat is with me. I take a step and a half away from Cali. Caleb. Yeah. This is probably stating the obvious, but if you have not picked up on it yourself, we are kind of a pack of assholes. Yeah, we are. Because when we write the name down, it's actually the Zemnian word for no. So even if there's nine people, then-- Under the lake? You always want to stick together. You never want to split the party. This group is very inclined-- we're very skilled in arcane things. What is your specialty? Gods and stuff, ja, okay. Yes. Cool. What can you do with it? Ja, effective. Do you have maybe one B-side besides the fire? Okay. There's so much quicksand in this swamp. I'm feeling trapped. I feel like we have a little bit of overlap, you know. I'm able to-- Nein. Step off, Tiamat. If need be, but you know. Wait for the need to be. I like where we are positioned, what do you think? It was a joke. I said, "Hi, Beaus." I know. But I said "Hi, Beaus." The gators come from the left. Survival. This is generally how it goes. Not a problem. Bren, would you help our friend out? Baby's in the way. Get used to it. Fire Bolt. 17 for Fire Bolt. Okay. That is not that much, actually. That is a 12. Yes. If you give me six second increments, I'm just going to go (releasing spells). Which bolt do you cast? Good rolls! Well that's one in an entire swamp of vegetation. So we should be good now. That is correct. North is that way. Frumpkin. I'm going to sit on a relatively dry spot if I can find one. I'm going to go blind and deaf and send Frumpkin in the direction, with Jester's help, towards the sound that she heard. I will give the group a basic narration as I see these things. My basic perception check is not too bad. It is a 16. What was that word? How much of it are Frumpkin and I looking at? It's one little ditty or are we talking True Detective here? I don't hear shit. It's hanging from a tree? I am going to send Frumpkin up the tree. I am going to send Frumpkin toward the branch. Like sealed or nailed in so it's hanging down? Okay, what I would like to attempt to do is send Frumpkin up to and stick his head inside, and as soon as I get a little peeky-poo, snap my fingers and bamf him out into the Fey. A big 13. Remember when I used to get a 45. Oh yeah, like I was saying to you, there is a tree out there and there is something sleeping in it. No, but there are a lot of bones there. They looked like-- They are not chicken bones. Well, they were probably smaller than that, yeah? There was something in the corner. Something that was not bones, but it wasn't moving. It definitely wasn't the thing we're looking for. I did not see a bowl. I made a perception check. Yes, not bowls, just bones. Save it for a rainy day. This one's a gimme, a bonus, only if we feel up to it. North is-- North is-- no it is that way. You're pointing over there, I'm pointing over here. North is that way. A compass? Well, a couple things, one, this is a compass. That's not an issue. But if you want to know if something's happening here with Salty Pete, we can also do that if you give me ten minutes. But it doesn't seem like that's what you're-- I do not know where the safe house is, but anywhere we have been we can get to again. Febron. You've been through this swamp once or many times? It's a bit late in the game, but are you being completely forthright with us? Is he? That is a natural one. Can I make a suggestion, Febron? And I cast Suggestion on Febron. I feel you should be completely honest with us from this point on, because you know, honesty, it's the easiest thing to remember. It's that way. If we don't move, that's also a little weird. I walk in the opposite direction. Let's go, I say as I walk backwards. That mini. Oh, the tail's there! Just pull it over here for a second. (as Gollum) What is it? So you're saying there's a chance. (inaudible chanting) That's the first time you're introducing the word "cult" into conversation. Cult adjacent. So they did this to you? How far back is he? So if we feel like we want to get into a scrap, I or probably our new friend here could kick it off from a ways away. The troll. Also, you are very charming, but every book that I have ever read about trolls-- They do not make friends. They are bitter, nasty things. It's watching us right now, isn't it? Debatable whether it can understand us, but perhaps it can. I would, in fact, like to try to walk behind a tree so I'm obscured. I don't know if it can see me or not, but I would like to hold Magic Missile in case it attacks my friends. (singing Peter's Theme from Peter and the Wolf) Do you see it? Show me. Good. Settle in. Magic Missile! I'm going to cast at 2nd-level. Towards the back of the group, never near the front. Magic Missile, level two, four darts, total of 16 force damage. Don't fuck me, Matt Mercer. Did you speak up yet? Of course you didn't. Are we in difficult terrain here? Although, you've got your shoes on, yeah? I will use my movement first. I want to get as close as I can, which is 15 feet-- or, no, you said the closer we get? Yeah, you know, I went through a whole range of emotions because first I was going to try to hold it, but then the guy was dead, so I was like fuck it, I'll switch to a Fire Bolt, but then he grabbed Beau, so I am going to use the Glove of Blasting and cast Scorching Ray on it, because I can't reach for anything better. Yeah? I don't have that. I'm going to cast Magic Missile on its head. Yeah. No, I'm going to cast-- fucksticks. I'm going to cast Haste on Nott. That's what I do. Yeah. Your AC is up, an extra action. It's all happening like this. Wow. Lie down, play dead. I mean she's half melted, but... We got to cut that dead weight, man. Nott is double speed and has a ring on for water walking. Marry Poppins! Oh, cocked. Super cocked. More! Yes, it's in my range. I will walk 15 feet forward and cast Fire Bolt from here. It's a 120-foot range. Oh that's not the d20, hold on. That's a natural one. Matt, we're still in the middle of nowhere at this point, or we're--? We don't have our guide anymore. Ask this one which way to go. As far as we know. It's cursed hiccups. I'll say while Jester was doing all that, Caleb sat down and took out his spellbook and started ritual casting Detect Magic. Well, maybe after I do that because I'm tapped. That's very Wildemount, the_bowmeister. Scorching Ray on Beau. I told you everything. You have to die! Yeah. Well, it's like blacklight, so on everything on what they were looking at. Is Nott glowing in any kind of way that I am not used to? 30 feet, I believe. You, my good friend, would you walk with me in the direction that the dead person said that this entrance is in? Before my magic runs out. You're right. Person that I work with, would you walk over before my spell runs out so that I can use it to help the group? Caleb knows exactly what time it is. Liam likes to burn his friends. Towards the 100-foot mark that the-- So it glows. Would I know about this? 13. Obviously not part of the okayed deities of the Empire. She's talking about herself. It seems like a very large task for one person. The tree is not giving off anything, no? No. I do not know how to do it. Nott, I have limitations. I can do many things like you-- Is the water up to our waist now? She's as small as a tree knot, you know, so-- cute. You don't know any of the fact that I almost killed you, Marisha Ray. Yeah, what I was trying to do for us? Maybe there's two branches. This is all meta conversation. You guys have no idea that Liam almost used the wrong spell. Caleb was on point. Are there any immediate threats in there, Fjord? Outside. --and puts light up in the tree out there with her. I'm outside with her and I'm casting Dancing Lights into the trees so that she can see better. Please, we have been around death plenty of times. Caleb throws up quietly into the water. Yeah, I can do that. Yeah, I am. I have just joined the group. How are you doing down there, what do you see? With you and me, it goes back and forth. All right, we can do that. Just stay put, don't go rushing in without us. Is it one or more than one? That's the opposite of what I said! It's hard to resist sneaking in. It has been a while, what would you like us to do? Already? Yeah, we've established that. Stay put, don't move. I drop Frumpkin down the shoot. No, he's not. Yes, they can. My acrobatics or the cat's? Oh great, hold on, I've got that pulled up right here, hold on. 16. I don't know. Oh, wait. Kiri is down here with us in the corner? Well, I think that's a great idea, but we should also send Bren with you, and if you guys could go simultaneous, like. Maybe if Bren hit one of them, and then you follow right away. Sometimes I'm able to focus just shy of what I'm trying to target. I still think that these two would be good to lead that charge. Are they still talking? Does anyone want to try to talk to these things, or are we just (cutting)? I like how that sounds. (like Cali) Murderous fish men. I love it. We're glossing over it, but we've seen you vomit sea water twice. Drei. Zehn. Yasha, and then Nott and Caleb are equal. Caleb and Nott got ten, ten. For six seconds. Big three. Scheisse. How high's the ceiling here? That's how it works. You want me to go? Yeah, sure. I'm going to move forward until I can see-- no, Frumpkin's going to go first. I'm going to pull a Shakäste and use Frumpkin to help me see in here. I have to ask you, as a DM, can my cat see in the dark? I don't know, it doesn't say. I don't remember, but I know that my cats could see in the dark growing up. I'm going to stumble forward in the dark. I'm going to say Beau! I cast Enlarge on Beauregard so that she's ten and a half feet tall. If that's the case, then I wouldn't go that far forward. I would stay as far away from danger as I can that as soon as I see Beauregard, cast Enlarge. There's Amazon women singing right now. You got to pull a Vega position. 20 feet behind, you hear This is all I wanted! That's an action. Caleb is going to walk behind Cali so he's got a good view of merman over Fjord. I'm going to use the Glove of Blasting. First one is a natural one, so that does not hit. The second one is a natural 20. Against the one right over Fjord. So that is, Scheisse. 12 total, since it was a crit. Is it still up? And the third ray is not good, just a ten. Careful of your head. 19. Add that d4, motherfucker! Cocked. Haha, good show! (twangy singing) I got friends in eldritch places. Roughly a minute later, I say So you have been somewhat charmed by a circus carnie. It's going to be okay. You seemed a little angry. He didn't mean anything by it. Just trying to keep everything copacetic and in order. I mean, you have a lot of scales on your face, but look at this one. Look at this one. Look at this one. That one as well. I'm going to investigate. Yeah, I've got a high stat in it. Cocked. Well it was on a magnet, so it was stuck to a magnet. At advantage? We'll call the first one, which was a three on a magnet, and the second roll was a 17 plus my eight is a 25. I can do this for the future. So 25. Distribute that equally, however you would do that. I put a bunch of jewelry into Jester's hands. I'd like to take these for a moment. Or maybe ten moments. I would propose-- I just rolled a 17 on perception to see if Caleb noticed Nott even do that. Well, but you rolled a 28, so it would be super hard for anyone at the table to have seen it. Is this the end of our task here? I'm taking those two purple vials and walking around the corner over this way to set them down and start doing my thing, and I'm going to start pulling out my book. I instantly cast Identify-- it takes one minute-- on the two vials and the bowl. I'm over here. We might be the third from the worst people. But it needs a lot of blood? What about the vials? That sucks. Nothing to be told, okay. I don't want this. No. I don't know. It is not of any use to us, I don't think. I stick it into my satchel for the time being. What if it's beyond even what Fjord has just seen? We do not know what we are talking about yet. You know, we could rest up here on the back corner of this chamber. I could cast my silver thread across this pool here on the other side. If anything comes through, it wakes us up. We'll be ready. We get ready for going further and-- What if you spend one more night with us, here? Tell us again. What do you need it for? What are your intentions with it? Honestly, look me in the eye. What do you mean to do with this thing when you find it? How will you destroy it? Yasha, will you come here, please? I need your help. Mollymauk, will you come here, please? Beauregard, Fjord, will you come here, please? I start to move away from Cali. Would you come back with me, Jester, please? Once there is a defensive wall between me and Cali, I pull the bowl out of my bag. No. No, Kiri. Bren found the bowl. Cali, I would like to help you, but this thing is... powerful. And I met you ten hours ago? Yeah, I do. Well, I have a wonderful compromise. You know, we can all camp down here as I suggested, you included. In the morning, my good friend Jester can get to the bottom of your intentions for good. For real. What do I do, dex as well? Oh, it's gonna be so good. That's a two, so I think this story is over. Aw, the second one was an 18. Aw. Three. Why would you not want to wait 12 hours to see if this woman's intentions are true or not? What difference does it make?! This bowl-- This bowl that I am talking about can be used to speak to one of the most evil entities in the history of creation, so I think it warrants another 12 hours of waiting to get to the bottom of things. I think it is going to be a little bit beyond your capabilities to destroy this bowl, Yasha. That bowl is used for communicating with (nervous laugh) the mother of dragons. Beauregard. You keep the bowl all night so that Jester can use the spell she used in the past for truth, and then we ask Cali, and I would love to hear that Cali's intentions are true and good. If they're not, we'll find out. Friends. One minute. Yeah, okay. I suggest you tell us the absolute truth of your intentions with this bowl. I'm glad for you to take it. I'm a little surprised at the rest of you for me being cautious, but I'm glad for you to take it. Are we separate or are we not separate? Beauregard, what if she had been lying to us? I told you exactly what I wanted to do, and why. I don't know what you're talking about. And I walk away from her without saying another word. Highly. Drama! God, I can't believe that's already been that long.