Every time you open your mouth that wide, an entire new universe is born. (laughter) Oh man, Vax'ildan Vessar here from the afterlife. You know, most of the time, I sit here in a big black room wondering where the fuck I am or what's going to happen next. Probably nothing. But once in a while, the Raven Queen hands me a sheet of paper to help promote projects, and this week it is Far Cry 5. (clears throat) I got this four minutes ago. Far Cry 5 is available on March 27th on PS4, Xbox One, and PC. Go to farcry.com-- we don't have any computers here-- to learn more and pick up a copy. The latest installment of Far Cry is set in fictional Hope County, Montana, where a fanatical doomsday cult known as the Project at Eden's Gate has taken control. You are the hero of the story in a thrilling world that hits back with every punch and where the places you discover and the locals you ally with will shape your story in ways you'll never see coming. Also, in celebration of the upcoming release, Nerdist's Dan Casey, Kyle Hill, and Geek & Sundry's own Erika Ishii are filming a special Far Cry 5 training video where they took on challenges players will face in-game. Shooting, car drifting, dog training and more. Go to nerdist.com or youtube.com/nerdist to check it out and tell them Critical Role sent you. Send me some comic books because I'm really bored here. The story looks dark. That is true. Very true. Yeah, or a higher faced die. Like an eight-sider or a 12-sider. It is executive! We're just getting over being sick! No cruises! I mean, it is not totally unheard of. The legends in history are full of stories of the gods dabbling with mortals. I don't know what happened for you today, but-- it is not common, but it does happen. Hello, guy. It would take quite a while longer. I think it's too early for you to have checked today. Also, sometimes people steal your mail. You can get robbed on the road. Shit happens. I was not able to accompany her to the Pillow Trove. SAM and Because I am shabby. Shabbily dressed. You know, I was thinking on the walk back here that I would probably like to get a cloak of some kind. I know where everything is in every pocket of this coat. It has been with me through a lot. What? I will probably just get a cloak. I'm not bothered. It seems like maybe-- SAM and You know, water is not very hard to come by, so I can-- That's what I'm saying, is the sewer first because you are all going to be dirty like me. Also, I don't think that's the main issue. They're very strict at the gate for who gets in, and some of us might not have a problem, but more than one of us might. It seems more like you are hung up on it than I am. That's why I want to pay for a cloak. Are we going to-- (laughter) Two things; one, Fjord, will you pass me these cookies over here? Thank you. Second of all, are we going to try to tackle this sewer this evening, or is this something that we're going to do tomorrow? Yeah? Oh, I'm not opposed to going down there, I just mean are we waiting until cover of night or are we doing this-- No. No. You've been bad. Yeah, that's also dim light though as well. It's not super bright. Unless I-- This game is amazing! I would like to keep my eye out for a decent clothing shop. That is 11. I would like to get something that is brown, muted, nothing gaudy. Probably don't have that anyway. I'll take the brown one. Yeah. It's 50 gold. Okay. I have that. Of course I can do that. I ask for the largest size they have and I get a woolen cap as well. Yeah, okay. I have that. Ruin? Are there any clowns in it? That is a-- why I'm looking it up-- a ten. Any sounds going on in there? You have to think about it for a while. The boulder from Raiders. Do you want Nott down there? It's what you do. You're very good. That's a Nintendo controller. Go further away from people. Everything's going to be fine, Jester. Were we told that there was some sort of webbing? I see. Any of that as we go? 19. Know how much diarrhea blasting they did in the Middle Ages? (groaning) That's all that's in the haversack. Blockages. Hey, I'm at the back. Vier. From breaking open. Is the torch in your punching hand? Eight. I would like to start backing up towards, in this direction, towards Nott, away. Oh no. I would use a Caleb bonus action to dry heave and then I will use my action to cast Fire Bolt towards the rat by Yasha. Ja. (groans) That it is a-- oh no, that's okay. It's a 13. Ja, d10. It's five hit points of damage. Everyone's catching their disease here. Before we move, I am standing with two flickering Calebs next to me and all three of us look at Molly like Jim from The Office and they go away. (laughter) What were you down to? Yeah, that's my max. Yeah. I'm sitting at 14. Yeah, that's your job. Ah, you know, I've been worse. It's okay. I'm okay. If who hits me very hard? If she hits me very hard, I am a dead man. If she hits me very hard, I'm probably okay. I know, that's just-- you know, it's just a-- You have a monster on your chest. Generally, are you asking me? Right now? No, because I am with all of you, and those were just mice. The rats are not making webbing. There's something else. It's probably a giant spider. Well, I would theorize that perhaps their diet is 20% food and 80% diarrhea, so it's not very surprising that they explode into fecal matter. You could just say nine. No, they had pinkeye in all their parts. You're coming back after a break. 16. MARISHA and I have read a lot of books. Lots of them. Have I ever read anything about the science of larger insectoid creatures? Okay, but it's not familiar to me? Like YouTubers. If we kill the beasts that are down here, then it might be worthwhile to also check the bodies of the guards, you know, because they're not going back to the to their families, you following me? Well, they're not going to use it. Just a suggestion, we don't have to do this, I'm not even sure how I feel about it, but I have just learned how to create a somewhat spectral servant to me, one that is unseen. I could send it in to poke about and if anything is going to happen, it could happen to it first, instead of us. Yeah, it could poke at things and you know. Yeah. If you burn its web it will do the same thing. I think that's actually a very good idea. Okay. Also, I will say that, you were worried about burning their dead bodies. But if we burn the dead bodies they might burn, we're not going to help them, but if any coin have, or any items that are magical in nature will be fine. So it's okay. Yeah, that's possible. This thing that I can do, this servant that I can make, It's not going to be able to open these things. It's very weak. That's true. I pull a stick out of my coat, and I hold it between thumb and pinky like this, and there's a string wrapped around it, and I take my fingers, and I pull along the string, which begins to glow a faint gold glow, and a being, same height, and about same skinny-ass proportions as myself appears before me. It doesn't appear? You tell me, because you're the dungeon master. Well the rats have already started. So Schmidt, I want you to go to these larger bundles and give them a little pokey-poo. I have to stay within 60 feet of Schmidt. (whispers) Schmidt, bring me the bracer. What? What did you say? I did not understand your accent. Shh! Yeah, we all wonder that. Well, not moving. I can do it from a distance, yeah. I would like to stand behind everybody. I can do this from 120 feet away, once every six seconds I'm going to use Fire Bolt. I would go (whoosh whoosh) and hit them both. Just as a test, to the one on the right I do it again. Okay, well, he's dead. Should I just keep chipping away? Well, this is every six seconds so I could just stand here for a minute going (whoosh whoosh whoosh) and not get close. So I guess I'll take the next 30 or 40 seconds, if that's what it takes. I'll focus on one and just keep burning it away. (singing) We are the worst. We are the worst. Caleb stands still for a second and looks around. Do I hear anything? Oh, in my sleeve. Oh, that's a one. So I don't hear anything. Jester, put it on the ground and take ten steps back away from it. (whoosh) If we deem it safe, maybe someone could look out this other exit because, probably, something is down here with us, but mayhaps above the grate, this thing lives in a house perhaps. I don't know, I'm spitballing. That is also good. That is two reasons to do it. Is Jester right up with the halfling? I am going to walk up to Jester and stand next to her and then I am going to send Schmidt forward to this halfling to try to maybe lift up his, its, I can't tell you. The chin of this halfling. Well if I can't see-- Oh, well okay. Well I would say if I can't see, if I knew I can't see, if I were really in this place instead of sitting as this table. If I couldn't see coming up, I would go (poofing) and send out Dancing Lights. There you go. While this death is happening, Caleb is Schmidt go like this to the halfling. Caleb's going, "Hey guy, hey hey hey." 15! Fünfzehn. Can I get either inside or behind that crate that's in the corner with difficult terrain? Okay, for an action, I am going to cast the Blur spell on myself again und I will use my bonus action to have Schmidt come. I'm assuming he's not affected by webs? Well then I will summon him to stand above me on the box. There you go, Freemasons. He's actually a half orc. I mean, Beau is pretty fucking amazing in combat. It's like an airplane. Healing Word, maybe. Okay, I can see a straight line from the spider to me so I think-- Yeah, okay, all right. I'm going to use my movement to crawl out of the box so I can get a better bead on it hopefully. I'll go as far forward and to the side as I can to get a better angle. Okay, so I am going to steady my arm against the other arm and point at it, and blacken my hand and send a Fire Bolt at it. Here it goes, we'll see if it hits probably not. No, I don't think it does. That is a 11. Then before the end of my turn I'm going to (snapping) and Schmidt silently comes up as close as he can get next to me. Ja. Aw man that's that Fjord edge right there. Schmidt, it's Schmidt. Yasha is a heavy metal album. That's pretty dope. Yeah. Spider's an asshole. We're all still figuring it out. Because sightlines are a problem here, I would like to move to dead center where Jester just was, actually, so I have a clear sight on the chamber behind me and ahead of me. Yeah. I can see everywhere, more or less, in here. I pull the diamond out from my coat and get ready, and I hold. As soon as I see the spider, I'm going to release Chromatic Orb. It's about 90 feet. I prepped acid on this thing and I missed bad. I got a total of nine, so that did not hit. Yeah. No, just nine. Worth the risk. That's exciting. Raid! Put him in a mocking bag, Molly! Actually, since I see that Jester has this covered, I'm going to start burning out the dead people and rooting through their pockets and stuff. That's good. Oh man. Full of lessons for America today. I'm only burning the dead ones! (fire billowing) Thed is dead, baby. It's a Nickelback tattoo. (laughter) Caleb is blithely burning over here and has no idea what's going on behind him. Of course I am. I'm waiting for the DM to fill in the blanks. That's five bodies. I don't know if I got them all, but are there any coin purses as well? Yeah, I will quietly gather that up and put it into my bag. Am I able to carry that? I don't even know. Okay. 85-- what was it? SAM and Yeah. 85 gold. I am not telling you that I found that at all. You know I'm looking, but you don't know what I found. Sorry, because everyone is so lovely, can you tell me-- 85? Okay. I don't give a fuck what Vex did. Vex is retired in Whitestone right now. She's not here. I'm clearly Lawful Good. Clearly. Yes! Yes! There was a bunch of weapons and armor. We should reconnoiter to look at what we have. Throwback! Jester, will you come look at my eyes? They feel a little bloodshot, I'm not feeling well after my encounter with the rats. Wait, come over here. Come over here. I walk away from the group. I don't know if she follows me or not. There was gold in there. I would like you to have it. It's more than I had before. Here is 100 gold were on those people, so you take it because I know that you need money. I know that you need money, and I'm very, you know, look at this. And I do a little joke. That's sad and funny at the same time. You carry the gold, because I can't carry it all. That's fine. Well, that's why you wanted money, I assume, from your mother, was to help us out in the position we're in. Yeah, so you take this, you're a better, you know, I'm always thinking about things, and I'm not very good with amounts and money. So you carry it. You know, I just had a really bad day today, that's all it was. I guess I'm sorry as well. No, that was, I'm fine. I'm going to stare at the wall because I don't know how to deal with attention very well. I am definitely not looking you in the eye. Nothing from me. What time of the day is it? But what time of the day is it, because I know. Very, very close to what time it is. I know sundown, sunup. What time does the sun set? Does it look dark? Of course I am. That's the feat I took. It's Siri. Does it look like stores are open? That's all I'm asking. Let's go to this room party you are talking about. Also, Nott, mask up for sure, yeah? For sure. Maybe earmuffs, it's very cold. That did not work very well for me several hours ago, I think maybe you want to use tangible things here. Use the earmuffs, use the hat, use the mask. You also have a hood, so it's nighttime, with the hood up, in the dark, yeah? Yeah, we're not supposed to be here. I have a hood on. Yeah, on the way there, too, I also turn to one of these guards and say, excuse me, could you point me where we are, right now, which way to the Nestled Nook from here. You've heard of this bookstore? You don't have to pretend with me, it's fine. Thank you. You know, I grew up with this language. Side note I did not come in this building. I'm hanging back and giving Identify a whirl on what's in my bag. That other armor. Outside. As a ritual, it's 11 minutes. It's not so much restive as active. The bag's closed. You don't see shit. I heard you coming. You're loud. You're a lot. And that's Liam to Marisha. Campaign three, next week. What's the plan now? To go to this place? No, we are going to The Pillow House, ja? The Pillow Trove? The Pillow Place? Also, as long as we're in here-- I couldn't get in earlier, but we're here now-- there is a stop. I wanted you to go with me. Where are we now? That's a bummer. That's up to him, not me. Liam is very different than Caleb. Hm? No, I remember everything that happens in the last month. I don't, Caleb does. I have a Clippy. I have a magic Clippy. Time of day, I know. That's part of the feat. I know the hour of the day. I am so cheating by following the rules in the book. On the stroll Fjord? I want to talk to you about how that went back there. Can we walk alone for a minute? Let's drag back. Two things. One is, I didn't bring it up, even though maybe Beauregard knows, but I found something in there that I think is up your alley. I found some armor, beyond just crownsguard armor, down there. I mean, listen, my friend. You spit out salt water. You've got a sword that's covered in fucking anemones and shit. This armor is like the Little Mermaid armor. It's all for you. I found it, but I would like to trade it for you. Yeah, you have that glove, and I know I handed it over willingly just yesterday, but I have a checkered past and an interesting history with flame. Fire. There's no real reason. You'd be very good with that glove, but I feel like I would like to have that glove, and I would love for you to have this armor. I took a look at it while you guys were inside, and it would allow you to move freely in the ocean or in rivers or lakes, underwater, and keep you safe in water. I don't trust you yet. I don't trust any of these people yet, except for-- No, I don't trust any of these people yet. Ja. I've made mistakes in my life. I've harmed people. Not in a long time. You know, I thought I was going to be something, someday, a long time ago, and now I don't. Oh, god. Ask me again in a couple of days. I will prepare an answer that is better than this for you, I promise. Thank you. Thank you. No, you've go to go higher. Oh, hi. You want to be part of the bro moment? Or a Beau moment? I thought you were, I thought you'd walked up. We went to the bathhouse to get clean? By the way, part of the reason I didn't wash up at The Leaky Tap is because, in medieval times, they didn't have baths. I thought, this isn't the Sheraton, they don't have a bath. I was under the assumption that you had to be de Rolo level to have a bath in your house. More of a voyeuristic position that we're talking about here. You kept your eyes wide shut, is what you're saying. "If the money's right and if it's not stupid" is a good philosophy for this group. We can have my cat tomorrow to link the two groups. Oh boy, he got kicked to shit today. Well, you know, it's hazy because he's never really kicked to death, he's just kicked off of the material plane. I'm not going to lie, it does hurt when he's gone, but I always know he can come back if I have the coin. It's a little funny. Frumpkin has a good sense of humor about it. Exactly! Who kicks a fucking cat exactly is my point! You can do a lot of things and have a very bad day but who kicks a cat?! Oh, he had such a face. I will never forget this face. (laughter) Maybe. I mean you might as well be at home picking the wings off flies, you kick a cat, what is wrong with you? And in New Jersey. On second thought, who am I to judge? It's fine! You know, Frumpkin will be back tomorrow morning because I am going to stay up late and do what I have to do, but aren't we going to have a rager tonight at this place in the fancy part of town? But really nice, you said? You paid for it! You know, you don't want it to go to waste. There's probably a very nice sitting room or tavern or something underneath this place. It's a shame to let it go to waste. (singing) Bar wars, nothing but bar wars! That guy is socially awkward. This is Fight Club, really. Show me your tats. How big is this place? Let's play for another six hours. I don't want to stop! Charlie the dog. That's not a surprise! Sam has deep a cappella roots! You all know that! What's the address, though?