How on earth did you not put a Growing Pains reference in that? They've just revealed the very dashing portrait of Scanlan Shorthalt today. You want sherry or schnapps? Or what do you want? My gosh, you've got a lot going on these days. Does it have any legs? The 11 herbs and spices are-- Sechs. 14. Seeing how terrible everything is around me I stick a quivering hand into my pocket and pull out a little copper wire. I learned how to do this from Nott. I cup it in my hands, and I cast Message to the thing. I'm going to text you what I'm-- only it can hear me and I'm sending it to you. While backing against the wall behind me. I will send Frumpkin skittering down by Yasha's feet. (Porky Pig stuttering) I didn't see any difference in it when I did what I did, ja? How close could I get to it, if I wanted to walk straight at it? Right up to it. Could I get right behind-- No, I'll get right up to it, ja. Yeah, okay. I'm going to cast Burning Hands, veered away so that it does not touch Yasha. It has to make a dexterity saving throw. Ja. Ja, the creature is fine. It's 3d6, halved. Did it make it? Oh, no. It did not make it. It takes 11 points. Jester. Natural 20! Can I see that last pot from where I am? Okay, that is a 13. Okay, I will send a little Firebolt off and try to strike it. It's at disadvantage, correct? Okay, that's very bad. Also very bad. That's a ten. Ja, I will walk toward it to get closer, as much as I can. I should have done that first, ja? Just a straight intelligence? 15. The book said the soul is bound to the flesh be it in any form, ice or ash, but the ash in the pots was the will-o'-wisp. I am going to start moving towards the middle, towards Yasha. I don't have any healer's kit or anything. I don't know how to do anything like that. I'm going to hold my attack, a Fire Bolt. Can I do that? I am a wizard for the first time. Can I hold a Fire Bolt? Yeah, when it appears. We don't know that. Resistant to fire. There's nothing else I can do from where I am. I don't want to burn the room around us. If I set it on fire, someone will still have to pull it anyway. It's not like it's going to disintegrate. Poofs out into a doughnut as a Fire Bolt goes (fwoosh)! (laughter) I got it! I send in two globules after her to see the antiqued goblin. It takes the edge off. Hey Nott, how's it going in there? It's a five feet by five? You're in a tiny-- Why don't you bring that thing out of there? I feel like Nott's head comes out of the hole, going (rapid gasping) for fresh air. I am stowing away the journal in there. Like a kangaroo pouch? I would prefer to inspect it. Are we going to stay here for a little while? We could sit down on the floor together and have a look. Also, what I would recommend, if we feel comfortable sitting down for a moment, is to put all of our findings in the middle of the room, and I can ritually see which of these things are magic. Most of these things, we suspect, but maybe there are some other things. Then I can tell what exactly they are. I need some time. Also, before Nott even got out, I'm stowing the journal away for a closer read. Oh. Would you like to add it to the pile? I'm not really into smut. That's a bit of a ruse. I mean, more than normal. Within reason. Well, she was in a dark hole. Hey, you know, this is going to take a while, so why don't we put it all down, and I will get to work, okay? How much you care to drink is on you. She's antiqued too. She's covered in ash. (spitting) Pah. Pah! I am well on my way. I hope I have been doing this for a while. So step one is Detect Magic on the pile to see what's what. Does it also help that I'm also within the-- Oh, no, we took a short rest, which is an hour-- Okay. Good. The sword is the one thing? Okay. Can I pick up this new book and leaf through it, and try to see-- Would you be ever so kind? I would be very grateful. I put my hand on top of yours. Thank you very much. I begin the process of casting Identify on the sword. Oh, and the mantle. What about the mantle? Was that in the pile? The original goth. Okay, this sword, because I know you're all dying to know, is very old. It is a greatsword. Would I know the name of it by casting this? This sword is called The Magician's Judge. Excuse me. (heavy accent) The Magicians Chudge. Oh no, I'm absorbing, and I will tell you in a moment. I need to make sense of it first. It's a great sword, and what this-- (as Jester) "It's pretty great." When someone like Yasha hits a baddie with this, you can dispel any magical property that is present. Yeah? Or without attacking, you can hold the sword up and do the same. Big woman. This has your name all over it. I think-- Yeah, you'll have to pick it up. I can't even lift this thing. Yeah. I assumed that immediately before the thing attacked. Probably Siff's legs are all over you right now. I don't know, but it was worth it. Caleb is chewing on his finger and looking through the book. I'm thinking of all the good things that I can do for our new collective. It is the Random Old House. First edition. Let me tell you, this was a good find, everyone! Yeah? What do they mean? You are correct. Terrible roleplay. You know, we could give him some of those rings. Ja, definitely the art. If we skimp, he's going to think we're bigger assholes than we actually are. You take my ring. Give her a ring. I gave it a cursory glance. I skimmed it. That's a good point. No, we keep that sword. This one with that sword? We can put it in the Haversack, can't we? I thought that thing was Mary Poppins' satchel. It doesn't go all funny? While we talk to The Gentleman, while we navigate that, I could carry the thingy to make room for it. Yes, and this sort of thing takes a lot of work from very specialized people. Clarification When Caleb did Detect Magic, did the circle in the center of the room glow at all? Or is it-- It's dead. I will make a religion check. 15 for Caleb. 15. Why do you have such a queer look on your face? For the Crawling King, you are talking about? Do you have a lot of knowledge for the gods and religions of the world? The awe-inspiring one with the face is from a dream you had? I would like to do an insight check on Fjord while he tells us that story. Pretty good, 20. Whack! Well, Nott and I could tell you. You know, I think we give him the things of monetary value. We are thinking long-term for this group, working together. This book and that blade are going to ensure a greater success and cohesion in the future. Then we are as one. Can we try to do it but go with the hilt downward? See what happens? What all is in that haversack that you have? Can we take out everything except for-- Caleb starts looking at the do-- (shouting) Jester! I know you are, but I am cutting through the noise. Can we not take everything out of that bag except for this new blade and the dodecahedron? Everything else comes out, because the rest is pretty utility, is it not? Yeah, we can tie a rag around the end of the blade to keep it from piercing anything. I pull off the new cloak that I got a handful of days ago. We can wrap this around the blade so it will not pierce. Of course that will work. The sledgehammer we leave. It's a sledgehammer. Everything but the dodecahedron. What if roll the sword up like a Fruit Roll-up? Wear my cloak if you want to cover it. I hang out at the back of the group for a split second, and hold out that wire that I used to cast that cantrip and look at the room and I look at the wire. Then I follow everybody. It was broken. What we would have done is face-planted on the stone floor. Can I say that as soon as I left this chamber I tagged along behind my new monk best friend and sent the globules in the air around us even though she has the goggles, and I'm, while walking, trying to read every page of that journal. And will continue to do so on the boats. If we want to go back, our two muscle sisters could get us up this current for sure. Yeah, if we are doing that, then I suggest camping in this chamber before going forward, because we are all bloodied and battered, you know. I would know what time of day it is. I don't think we should go. We either go back the way we came, or we camp before going forward. I'm going to stay behind. I am out. LAURA and Terrible idea. As they float away out of earshot, I say to my two friends here you know, if need be, The Mighty Drei also sounds very cool. No, Frumpkin is scarfing around my neck right now. Find Clarota again. Nipple rings in or out? Insight check. (Clarota voice) Time is a circle. (Jester voice) You are like my little doll. Real difficult. How long were they gone for? I could probably read an average novel in over an hour, so has this journal been read? Oh because it's in a different language. Oh, yeah. No, because I used my magic thingy to get a slot back earlier in the day, so no. No, I remember what I skimmed, but I don't-- Of what I skimmed. I have to actually read it to remember it, and I did not read this entire book. I don't touch the book to my head and then I have it. I have to eat the book. Oh! What I would have done if they left and I'm tapped, Caleb would have used a ritual to cast Comprehend Languages. Yeah. I am up to speed. Do you want to read it? You are a reader? Fuck that kraken! It's the same show! That is not correct. I was not hit in the final fight. I made out better than usual, yes. Okay. I see where you are going. Well I am not much of a believer in old wives' tales, but I do like trial and error, so if you would like to do it again today-- As an experiment, yes. Do we have any more flowers? You may. How do I look? What is Greek? Why don't you pull down your lower lip and show us what's going on in there, Fjord? Did you grow up with people who did not have tusks like you? So you were different? Insight check. (laughter) Just a ten, not great. How quickly do they come back? This is many years later, though. I can't imagine that any of us would even blink at tusks. Yeah, well you know for many of us, our early days are always with us. I understand. Co-signed. So cloak on your back. Sword on the cloak. There is no. We are going on. We are going right through their territory. We are a very convincing group, I think we can talk our way through that. You have your ways. Well, the morning is getting on, shall we? Hans and Franz, will you please muscle us up this stream? It feels so weird, still, with stealth checks, to only be able to add a one when I used to add 9,000. Still feels weird. Are we past those statues? Slowly by. Don't you have the heart of an ox? We don't want to rock the boat here, by all means. Do I see anything of note through Frumpkin's eyes as we walk? Can I tell what's inside there? Come on, Frumpkin. Doesn't matter. Pretty bad. Yeah, both bad. Real low. Five. No, you don't want to get pantsed. We did not kill everything entirely. There are some critters on the roof of the river passage. Nothing major, you just want to have your eyes on the ceiling as you go through. Yes. To be honest, it looks like it was possibly looted some time long ago. Whatever has inhabited the place in recent years or in recent centuries has been removed. Give him the book. Yeah, and we said that we'd give him the book, so I'm a little confused. I said no at the same time. Can she aid me? I have very good charisma. I'm disappointed that we don't have real bacon right now! But less, you need the protein. Help me remember, DM, did we have a way to get in contact with Dolan? What mantacles? This is the first I am hearing of the manacles. Maybe Pumat has a competitor in a town this big. Why don't we wait until we're back at The Leaky Tap before I look at these manacles you have? I would, if possible, like to swing past Dolan's house, if that's okay. Yeah, and before he died, he gave me something that I think Dolan would want to have. Ulog, before Ulog died. This is surprising coming from me, but I agree with that sentiment. You are covered in dead person. You come with me because you've spoken to him more than I have. Only a moment of your time. I'm a little embarrassed that I did not remember this the other day, but it was quite an evening that night. When Ulog was in that house, he found something that I think you should have. Shortly before he expired, he shoved it into my hand. I pull out those papers that he found about the wife. It's a little frayed, he shoved it into my hand. We are lucky that it did not burn up, but take this, please. When it makes sense. On his way. It's entirely up to you now, isn't it? Tschüß. Broken clock twice a day. Come on. Yeah. Marisha, your theme with children continues. MARISHA and Passion Pit on the third of Fessuran! I need money! He said out of character. (as Sean Connery) I cast Hexblade. What is the nature of the goods that you have? If I take a look at this skein, can I take a guess at what kind of illicit material I'm looking at? Yeah, I have bad experience with fungus. Medicine you say? That is a 13. Yeah, I don't have good association with that. You take that back. (distorted) How do you guys feel? "Hey Steve." Are we saying this is night one, of a couple of days of piddling around? Yeah! Yeah, I have shit to do as well, party animals. I judge you heavily. This is an entire three day weekend. Pull it out! No. Not as fun. Yeah, she's got to walk. Ja, I have just enough ink and paper to learn one spell, in the big pile of spells that I have right now, so I'm adding a low level one. I am penniless. Aww. Ten games ago, though. Well, a couple of things, so I need more ink and paper, the kind to transcribe spells. Before I get to that, and before they go off on their drug party. Yes, before Jester goes. It has only been a short amount of time that I am thinking, and I will be very careful, with the bag. I was going to ask if I could hold the Haversack and its contents for a day, so that I could better inspect and understand the thing that-- I understand that. I don't want to keep the bag. I want to have it before you go off to do, I don't know, maybe you're going on a tour or something? Aren't you about to go out with them? You told me you were leaving. Well, all right, I would love to inspect our special package and try to understand it better, if you want to be present for that-- I know you are going to drag me over the coals for this request, and that is fine. I would like the dungeon master to fast forward to the part where you tell me if you will allow me to inspect the contents of this Haversack. Do you want to do this together? On a different night, maybe tomorrow night, because you just told me you were about to go out with Molly. Just inspect what's in the bag. When she leaves, I look to the mirror in my room and I'm like red-faced, and I stare at myself, like dead expression, for a good 30 seconds. (laughter) What, are you back already? No, wait a second! I'm talking to Nott, in this part of the day. I'm really blushing. How much disposable income do you have at the moment? Would you possibly loan me 200 gold? I don't think I need that much. I will give you the change. Thank you, friend. I will pay you back. Thank you for teaching me how to-- and I pull out the wire and back up 20 feet across the room. Whisper teaching me this spell. You can reply to this message. You know the thing about it for us is, we can go-- No, we can go back and forth over and over again, just you and me. It's endless. For the other Dummkopfs it's only, they can say one thing back, but you and I, we can keep going. I know. I understand, but for demonstration purposes. Well, thank you. I will go to Mr. Sol's establishment. (phone trilling) To Pumat's to buy ink and paper. Thank you. I buy 200 gold worth and I bring Nott the 85 gold change. I buy all that ink and paper and I spend the rest of that day learning a small handful of new spells, which are in the Rolodex now, and then the next night-- Ja, hallo. Are you coming in? Come in, it's open. We are going to attempt to examine the football, as it were. You can remain if you like. Are you curious yourself? To the best-- ooh, that's a good idea. You know, to the best of my knowledge, this is-- and it's limited-- this is a very powerful thing, and we are taking a risk-- --but one that I think is worthwhile. Are you still game? All right. We put the lead box on the floor. Let's leave it in the lead box, but we'll lift the lid. It is a calculated risk and we are going to do this. We are not going to take a lot of time. Yes, the safe word is Fjord, so if shit goes pear-shaped, and one of us says Fjord, get Fjord. Truthfully, I have no idea. You game? Okay, I am not coming on to you, but will you hold my hand while we do this, that way if we-- (laughter) I cannot even look at you-- I cannot believe I am doing this experiment with you. Let's not cover the camera, and let's examine it together, and if we go to the Nine Hells or something, at least we'll be there together in theory. We are going to look at this thing. I don't know. I am looking at it. (whispers) Yeah. (long pause) Do you know if it's achievable? There's nothing about it that is sensible or familiar; it's totally alien to me? Father and mother-- I hope I do not let you down. It's a big paper. Let me read it. I'm wide-eyed and not responding. I'm literally trying to read this and failing because of my friends. That's your right-- I literally still don't know what it does because everyone is talking constantly. The dodecahedron of gray faintly glowing crystal is heavier than it appears. This is peer pressure. A set of handles are affixed to the sides and it undulates to the touch. That's all you get. If a hand is placed on the artifact and is concentrated on for one minute, the bearer is granted a Fragment of Possibility. A Fragment lasts for eight hours or until used. A Fragment cannot be granted again until the next dawn. After a creature with a Fragment of Possibility makes an attack roll, ability check, or saving throw they can expend their Fragment to roll an additional d20 and choose which of the rolls is used for the attack roll. Ultimately, after an attack roll is made against a creature they can expend their Fragment of Possibility to roll and additional d20 to see if the attacker hits. It is like one luck. That lasts for eight hours. Am I able to tell if that is correct? Any one of us, one time. It can only grant this gift once a day to one of us. I absentmindedly babble about what I think this thing can do. It's very incoherent. What did I say? What do you mean? Okay. What? That is a very common sentiment. Isn't it? Good to know. That is true. For both of you. Well you are in possession of it for the most part. I said I wanted to have a look at it. We can take turns with it. We will decide. By the way, I shut the lead cover on the box. Let's put it back in. That's not how that works. I am sure, yeah. Also, with the knowledge that I have and everything that just happened, am I aware-- the gray more that went inside me. Would I know, does that limit this thing's ability to me? Or no? Well in the description, DM, you said this gray mote went into Caleb, not into them. Can anyone use this thing? Good. All right. Just checking. Right. It's like the little, you know, when you're learning lyrics for karaoke and the little thing bounces along. Yeah, I think this is a very potent thing, and we can use it to do a lot of good. You know, not in the heat of the moment to try to hit a gnoll in the face with something, but when we are really trying to figure something out or do the unachievable. That's a good hypothetical. That was a lot of advice. I mean, it is no secret that I like these people, so we are in good company. This is working out. You are, you know, you are capable-- oh dear. I'm going to go to bed now. Definitely heard that. Awkward and weird and makes no sense but I will-- oh, this is my room! You have to go to your room! Goodnight. This is the next morning? I'm going to-- no, you should hold onto this because you've got the Haversack. Lederhosen. Wow!