Not even paying attention. BTS Monday! Marisha Ray! She's seriously working all the time. It's a special one. Incorrect. I'll only say one word. Butts. Yaas, yuan-ti! [TV static, click] [groovy Critical Role theme] Do I get any jump on that Slow spell I tossed out at the last second of the episode? Yeah, I said "I start casting Slow," and you said, "That's where we'll pick up next week." Had to ask. Shut up. Six. Here comes that Slow spell. Fastball special. Mm-hmm. What just happened? Head's off that corpse. You can't put it back. Triplets down to twins. You can quit barbarians any time you want. Tell me when the Nein stops screaming, Clarice. Things you never want to hear Matt say I was rummaging in my pockets for the molasses, but everybody is dropping, so instead I pull out a burned twig and hold my hand out and cast Witch Bolt at 3rd-level through the twig towards snakeman. That is a 21. Okay, so that's 3d12, which I have never used in my life. I think it's this one. The fuck is that?! That's an 11. Plus six is 17. 25 lightning damage. Which I did from the ground, I guess, so I will stand up now. Am I within five feet of that guy? Hey, I'm going to run for it. I'm going to go toward that pillar there. Yeah. Am I able to use Shield as a reaction if I've already cast a spell? No, correct? Because I've not tried to do that, so I don't know if it's allowed. Per round? Because as a rogue, you could do sneak attack damage and then on an attack of opportunity, you could do sneak attack damage. Oh, that hits. Ooh! That's not too bad. Did all Caleb hear with Comprehend Languages is swear words? Okay. Slide that a little bit down. Yeah? Not at the moment. Wait a moment. Nott, have a look around this room. Do you see anything problematic? Ja. Is there anything arcane in nature to the writing on the sides of it, or can I ascertain the purpose of it? This fountain. There's all kinds of people in this world. Tune into All Work, No Play this Friday! What holes? What are you doing over there? I walk over and I nudge her thigh and butt with my foot. What are you doing shouting in holes? I don't think that is what that is. Nobody noticed. It's a simple thing, if we have any kind of wood or maybe some silver or copper coins to shove in? Like arrow and crossbow bolts and things like that, use your noggin. Or some coins and I could turn them to stone and block up the holes. Copper? It would be stone swords I would imagine, I don't know. We could shove as many-- I was thinking of jamming it full of a material so it's like a clot and then turning that into stone. I can't do that to dead people. You know, that's not a bad idea because I could burn the flesh and it would fuse. Yeah? Well, I could definitely inspect this. Do you want me to do that now, though, or maybe we are pressed for time? We're hanging here? Because I'm pretty beat up. (whispering) You're a dead man. Arcane recovery. I have looked all around the fountain and I'm not able to make anything out. Are they any seams or visible machinery or cogs or anything? Maybe Matt forgot the quality of Lesser Restoration? That's the fastest way. Up your butt. Caleb looks around at everyone doing absolutely nothing and sits down, pulls out his book, and starts to Identify this ring to see if anything's happening. Five more minutes, please! There's a yuan-ti woman hanging by her arm off the wall. I could do that. Do we want to do that? What's down there? Eh, let me borrow this. Frumpkin flies just down to the fountain. I want to see, if I bamf into Frumpkin, if I can hear anything below. At advantage. Because he's an owl, and has advantage over hearing. Terrible, both terrible rolls. Eight. Frumpkin's back on your shoulder. Okay. Four globules of light lower down to the fountain and look over the side to see what that lights up. Did you say how far to the bottom it seemed? Well, Fjord is nudging at Caleb-- In answer to your quiet question, I could take the silver thread out and-- I could have helped, okay. Everybody's doing things too quickly. That thread will take me ten minutes. That's ten minutes if we want to take it. TRAVIS and Jump just down the 40 feet? You two are down, the two of you? You're up at the top of the tower? I cast Feather Fall on him, and me, and him, and Yasha. On five people. "Choose up to five falling creatures within range." I guess I push the two of you as I fall. I see him fall and I shove these two off and I go (casting). That's a good one. Does it burn when you pee? Your eyes are normally like tea saucers, but now they're like full plates. Are you all right? How much have you had from that bottle of yours? There's already a merry go round of lights going around Nott's head. It's like the sun in here. Five-sided still? Natural 20. What about entrances and exits? Nott, will you come with me, please? Never mind. Beau, will you come with me, please? Ja, they're pouring bloody water down here. Entrances, exits, stonework, writing. I think you said investigation? 18. Is there any blood in the wicker basket? Let's hold on a second. It's been less than an hour. If I put my hand-- oh wait, no it hasn't. I'm going to start casting Comprehend Languages again. Feed me while I'm casting. Give me ten minutes. That's on the tablets, right? That would punch in the ten minutes I need to cast Comprehend, so I will retrace all the steps, and place my hands on that writing to see if it reveals its meaning to me. (foomph) Lights floating around. Oh, I didn't know that she sees it because-- Oh, I didn't know. I do a lot of reading of spells and not a lot of paying attention, you guys. So that's how you see it? Hey, I stole this ring from you! Oh, it echoes in here. That is a 16 total. That is a 12. Eastern wall. I feel really good, but I know-- Wait, wait. I know that I am not in a good position, so somebody come with me to make sure-- Blueberry, come on. Yeah, I always know where north is, so it's one of these ways. He said south just now. I thought you said south. East was the one that we hadn't checked out yet. But I don't know which way I am going at the moment, so DM, which way does my keen, addled mind tell me the direction I just went. South? South. This one says, "The fountain feeds the garden." Oh, we knew that part. Okay. Let's keep looking at the-- okay, what's this one? Go to the west. Ja. "The garden feeds the warden." The warden sounds like a sentient-- Ooh, I feel good. I always know which way north is, so let's go east. Oh, this is like a chain and if I wasn't high as fuck I would get it. "The sacrifice feeds "the fountain." Ja so this is Part A of the equation. Feeds the fountain. The fountain feeds the garden. The garden feeds the warden. The warden feeds the snakes! Let's go to the last wall. "The warden "guards the false serpent." TRAVIS and False serpent. So there is a false serpent that lives here and we have yet to meet the warden. I think we have yet to meet the warden. Oh! You're hurting my ribs. I can tell that things are going very poorly so I reach into my pockets and I pull out a bit of iron dust and I go (blowing) and Jester doubles in size. Hey! Oh. You get advantage on strength checks and strength saves right now, so you can bust if you're grappled. At advantage because of Enlarge. Yeah. Technically. There is vines on Jester down below, correct? I'm just sort of being shaken back and forth by the blue giant and I'm going to-- I'm super high!-- throw a Fireball down at the vines below. Simple spell. Bolt. Not ball. I don't have Fireball. (combustion) That is a 25 to hit. But it's just one, so I was scared to go too big, and I just go (small zap). It's 2d10? Oh, level five, thank you! Oh, now it's three. (panicky drug trip groan) Quickly! Before this runs out. Also, Enlarge runs out and we crash on top of Jester. One minute. Ooh. I will turn your hand into gold. That one says-- Your toilet guarded by the hemoglobins. Wow, that's almost a Matt Mercer callout! (intoxicated) Absolutely! (huffs) I can feel my hair growing. Is there any writing or anything in there? They're not-- the warden can take care of itself? Pressing face against the crack on. Do you see-- Jester wants to know if you see a switch. Do you need a globule or an owl? Wow. Wow wee wee wow wow. Are you trying it? Ja, anything could happen right here. Ja, let's go unleash the big snake. What, who? Who is? Somebody's dead. Fjord and Yasha are the tallest. We put them-- perfect. (singing) Natural 20! I need to drop acid all the time! Going into a battle high as fuck! Is it pitch-black in there, or is there a light source? A quick pitch would be really good. No. I'm so high right now, but I know that that is not a good-- what is it? What is that? I cannot do that right now. One, I have not prepared it. Two, I'm really messed up. I could also summon Schmidt. To carry the keg over-- (growling) I did not bring anything nasty like that. I came to be a team player today, like I always am. Captain? Do you have any-- Philip. Do you have any ranged abilities as a sneaky one? Ja. Anything that walks through there has to float above the water, or it's going to disturb it and alert-- Are you more coherent than me so that you two can attack as one? Because I have seen you do a lot of damage when the enemy does not know you are coming. Could you go simultaneously? Yeah, you watch her, and when her dupe goes, you go, and then-- Oh, there's so many of you right now. Both of you, same time. Ja. Caleb. Yeah. (singing) My anaconda don't. My anaconda don't. Wow. Does the dupe count as an ally, though? Unload it. 14. 14. In your hand. I'm going to push forward through the passage and peek over Jester's shoulders. I can see this guy partially hidden behind-- it's too early. I give a tug to the glove of blasting and I am sending out three Scorching Rays. Is it pitch black still? There's no--? It's pitch black? I have darkvision because of the transmutation stone. Oh, it's totally dark because of what you just did. I don't see it at all. Shit, I don't like this. Balls. I'm going to cast-- no, I don't know where it is at all. Yeah, so I can't even aim at disadvantage. Okay. What I am going to do is peek around the corner, and cast Haste on Beauregard. You're hasted. I will step out back into the passage so I'm not in view. Your dice look really good tonight. Yeah, totally. Just waiting for the other shoe to drop, here. Not knowing how Hadar's works, it doesn't pierce that area, though, right? A hydra! Because of the Hadar's? Speed is doubled. What about your extra attack? Disengage and bolt. Is each head a creature, or is each head a--? Never mind. Ah, Gott. I'm going to lean around the corner and do what I thought I would do before, which is to tug on the Glove of Blasting and fire the three Scorching Rays. Natural 20 for the first. 18 for the second. Very high for the third. 16. 26. 35 total. I will jump back into the hallway because I'm a coward. Your AC is two higher. She didn't want an attack of opportunity? She's not? Oh. I thought she was right up. Okay. Fastball special. I'm going to do a little bit of a gamble here. I peek out again and I drop Haste on Beauregard and smear molasses across my hand and cast Slow on the hydra and his little snakey friend. Slow. They have to beat a 16. They've got Bane, or the hydra's got Bane. Yeah. 16. The Bane's on hydra. Come on motherfucker. (whispering) Fuck me. Part of the Slow spell is that, regardless of the creature's abilities or magic items it can't make more than one melee or ranged attack during its turn. It's lost all its head attacks. It gets one attack. Cad! I've dropped Haste on you. I've Slowed the hydra. It worked, yeah. With Caduceus' Bane we got it. It almost didn't make it, but with Bane it made it. (as Bane) Oh, hydra! Caleb's hiding. (quietly) Don't roll a one. Can it do that because it can only do one action? It's 16. "Each target must succeed on a wisdom saving throw or be affected by the spell for the duration." I'm not seeing that. I'm going to look in the book. I don't see it. It just failed because of Bane, right? 16. He is slowed still. So half speed. No reactions and it can only do an action or a bonus action, not both, and only one attack. Touches up your undercut. Get it, F-jord. Yes. Caleb leans up to throw some fire at-- Oh, fuck! Fucking-- He pulls out some more molasses and just does the same thing again Slow. So 16. I only used one 3rd-level and I used it and got it back with the Arcane Recovery. That's two, so there's one more. So Slow. DC 16 with Bane. Slow. But I only cast it on the hydra, so the roll would have been for the hydra because the snake guy was still Slowed. So I wouldn't have cast it on the snake guy. Could you say that I only give a fuck about the hydra and that I was aiming at the hydra? Because that's a hundred percent true. The hydra is the big target here. Okay. No, I don't want to look at the dice. You're the DM. Whatever you say. Yeah, that sucks. I hate to do this. Can I ask one last question? You just tell me to shut the fuck up, but I really don't care about the snake guy because he seems weak to me and the spell says I can choose the target. So if I only chose the hydra? I really don't care about that snake guy. He seems on his last legs. He seems like a weiner dog. It's not radius! You can pick whoever you want. So if there were like six guys, I can say, "Those two guys," and not get the rest. But if I only aimed at the hydra and didn't aim at the snake guy, that roll would have gone to the hydra. Never mind. It's too nitpicky. I assumed that it would carry over, but you're right. It drops and you start afresh. Good. I It's okay. Now I understand how it works. Beau's low. Oh, and she's all by herself over there. You're with Jester's clone, but you're between them. Wow! Oh jeez, okay. I'm not within range of it, right? Because there's a tunnel here? I killed it, you saw it. I'm backing up as far as I can go. I need to see it. I'm going to cast Fire Bolt at one of its heads. What if I stand next to Jester instead? And risk my life. Half cover? That's fine, that's what I'm doing. Okay, so that's regular and that is a 21 to hit. I'm using Fire B-- yes fucking Dragonballing that shit. Does the hydra have nads? When I'm in melee with something? Well, I would know that. Let's pretend like I knew that. So it's disadvantage no matter what. Right? Disadvantage. So I got to roll again. The first was 21. The second was much worse! 11. Not a good day for Caleb. I'm in range now, right? Okay, I'm good. Yes, I'm staying. If I run, it's going to hit me, so I'm just going stay put. Nobody's allowed to learn at the table. He's focused on us. I have this hydra miniature at home and when I get home, I'm going to go to my office and I'm going to throw him into the neighbors yard. There's the oni, the giant red dragon. Just a few more decades and you'll have mastered this game. That's the game. Save us, Yasha. She's so strategic. Fucking Swede. One very important question-- Am I still high as balls? I had some words for Jamedi in the middle of my drug high. But it would have been glorious. So like, a medium range roll, like a 15,16, 17-- Hit the hydra, killed Beau.