I am so nervous right now. Technically still awesome stuff, though. Are they still our sponsor? Can we check on that? The Cruel? What do you mean? I've got one announcement. Tomorrow on Netflix, Carmen Sandiego, the new cartoon starts! Mary Elizabeth and I play bad guys. It is a gorgeous cartoon. I can't wait. The whole thing's going to vomit onto Netflix tomorrow. Check it out. For some reason, not as funny as just "bobs." We've been doing this for four years. Are we making any attempt to hide our persons, disguise our persons? Six inches shorter, brown hair, no beard and brown robes, like the simplest student. Jester. What about a place that has writing materials? Paper and ink and that sort of thing? Are you going to come along? That is exactly what we've done. You've been to this place before, but when you were a child? Maybe you've forgotten the way. Did you get out? Did your mother take you around, or did you have maybe a babysitter? Before we go in you never went out, or just rarely? You mean, just rarely went out? What about just outside of the Chateau? Did you go out to play? Well, let's see what books they have inside here. Before I step forward, I lean down to the ground, snap my fingers, and bring Frumpkin the cat into existence. Telepathically say Go, say hello to that cat. And he scuttles off. Russo, you said? Rusan, oh. My apologies. I am looking to buy a bit of paper. Quite a bit, but whatever you might have. Also, do you specialize in a kind of book here, or is it a wide array? What's your specialty? What's your favorite that you have for sale? History of the area, of Nicodranas itself, I would be interested in reading. Anything you have of arcane nature, I would be especially interested in, even if it was just histories of. Well, I will look through your fictional works and also history if you have it. Okay. Well, priority one is, I deal in prose and poetry quite a bit, so I need a good amount of basic blank paper for my work. I am working up the courage for that point. I am almost ready. I just have to take that first step-- I am pink. I sometimes stink. I need to think. I want to get out of this store right now. So just the paper, I suppose. Ooh. Now, DM question. I have that ink from the library that can take basic-ass paper and have it serve the purpose of 500 gold worth of that high-quality paper. Okay. I would like to buy that specific amount of paper. I want to-- The equivalent of, which would be much less, I assume. Yeah, we make that, yeah! While he is making those trips, I will find one interesting fictional work and also any history book on Nicodranas that I can find. Edubational. Please don't. But I do want to have that. Oh, what do I owe you? For all the paper, and these two books. Excellent. Okay, so I hand that over. Where are we going to stay tonight, do you think? That would be helpful. (paper sliding) Well, it was a little contentious when we left, but I-- Samesies. Ja. Nott, do you want to contact the others and let them know where-- oh, they're too far away. Jester? Are you going to pick any fights with anybody today? Did you want to stay for a while, though? A few days? Pardon me. After tonight, we could find another place, give you a day or two with your mother. We did not bring it back. You two are very curious about that tower. What have you heard about it, for Fjord and Beau's benefit? Well, that's true, but I feel there's a difference. Ja. The movement of it. Of course, one is a building, ja? Can I make out, from the spine or the cover, what book she was reading that she set down? Books, books, books! 21. I don't think that is a good idea. We need to dial it back a little bit. We've been going at an 11 out of ten for a while. We need to slow down. What lazy roleplaying. You know, I'm going to stay here and do a little bit of reading, so if you want me to watch your dog, I will. While I read? I feel a little uncomfortable. Who are we talking about? You? No, but go, find out what you can about this place and get your shopping done. Ask about the tower. Subtly. Mm, no. Watch the dog. (poof) Okay. You want to do some spell research with me? Come on. Come on, Frumpkin. You are in charge. You are the guard cat. Don't let him push you around. I start to read and write. I'm not here, but just out of curiosity The change in size, is it slight, that you just barely notice it, or is it like, "Whoa, whoa!" So its impressiveness is in the extreme when you're right there with it. Okay. Oh my god! (as Jester) I will never come out again. How long were roughly did all this mess last before they come back? How long have I been in the room? Ugh. Okay. I'm busy. Come back later. I would have been in whatever chambers were given to us so if Caduceus came in with that potion, I barely nodded and just kept doing what I was doing. Frumpkin is bushed out. The tail is bushed out. It's all over and is just staring at Nugget. What kind of wood is it? Everyone besides Quebec. [break] What door, what are you talking about? No, I didn't eat with you. No. Before we go down that road, may I ask what is our actual purpose that we are not telling him about? Why are we doing this? Ja? So we are going to go in and case the joint to rob him blind? I do too, there is a war brewing in the Empire, it is going to spill south. That is not a lie, that is an inevitability. So I feel that we can talk to him, and trust me, no one in this room is more curious about the inside of that tower than I am, but to what end are we doing this? Like are we going to go to the hilt, are we going to slay this mage and take his books, or make nice conversation and steal a book? It seems like-- Caduceus is very soothing to listen to. Well, I am curious, and Beauregard is correct that it is something we could legitimately talk about without spilling the beans about everything that everyone has got going on with themselves, and I am, of course, curious. I just want to make sure. You know, I've talked about calculated risks before, and I don't want to run willy-nilly towards folly like we have done with the boat. We are all standing here, but that was foolish. We just don't need to be too pushy. Yeah, well potentially he could turn us over to people that we are not interested in turned over to. But I'm not saying no, let's just be careful, that's all. I don't think so. Like the early colonies here? We had a walk-and-talk just now. Can we tell from where we are if he's human or elven, or--? 21. Did he just hear that entire conversation? What? For what? Oh god, I need to stress eat. Get it open! Caleb puts away the romance novel that he has sped read halfway through. It's the goblin at the door, not this mage? Can we all see him from where we are? Total poker face? Caleb takes the rear. I'm Caleb Widogast. Hmm. Hmm. Via circles of arc-- Transportation, you mean to jump from one city to another? That sort of thing? Not as of yet. Here in your home? You have some knowledge of where that leads? You know him personally? Caleb extends his hand out slowly. Thank you. Once you have earned our trust. This one has sentimental value. It is not to be left here. We have a better understanding of this one. I take him at his word that he could kill us all if he wanted to. If he wanted to take it against our will, he would. I am comfortable with you examining it, but we don't wish to leave it here. We wish to bring it with us when we leave. Very bad people want this thing. I'll promptly follow. Ja. One way? Oh. DM question I don't know what level, off the top of my head, Teleportation-- So how much time? Right. No. Oh! Sorry. Yes, I do have it, but it would take me a lot of hours. I mean, he would look at it for a minute and have the rune in his head. Mostly on my own, to be honest. For years. It was not my intention to bother you here. My friends were very curious. It was fairly obvious to me that this building was real estate owned by someone of great skill. I actually thought it was a very bad idea to come here. Sometimes follow my friends places I shouldn't. Well, my apologies on my group's presumptuousness. I hope that we have not made a grave error here today, and if we haven't, I hope to earn that trust, as you say. That's good advice. (sighs) I'm sure you have much to do today. Feel for the wall. That eventually spills out down here? Cinnamon-a-mon-a-mon. Come on. We are quitting while we're ahead, let's go. Oh, streusel. We talked about you guys, actually. I didn't say anything. I listened. No. I say you are foolish. We are lucky that we are not dead! We're very lucky the way it worked out. You can't bullshit everyone in this world. We got luck-- How did it go? What kind of conversation did you have before we got in there? What did you guys talk about? But let's stay in one place for a few days first, right? Before moving on. That way we could stay a few days when we get there. Don't want to run off. Your mother misses you; she wants to see you. She wants to spend time with you. One more day. Or you'll regret it. Just for future plans and operations, a mage of that skill level will know if a familiar is-- if someone is staring at him. He invited two in, not three. Here's my cat (poof). Out here. That was not a good idea. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to hurt your feelings. Yeah? It took four days to get here, we've done it before, we would have known this was going to happen. Not the amount of security, but that there was security. Super specific so far. Ikithon. I didn't meet him. I walk over while she's training the dog. He's getting very good at that. You're doing a good job. I really don't like dogs, I'm sorry. I finished this book; I thought you might like it. It's about romance at sea with a sailor. Did I get a name for it? If I did, Liam does not remember it. I was going to say The Salty Sea Nuts, but I was like, I'm not going to say that out loud. (laughter) That's it. Enjoy. I got one, too. On a different night-- I assume we're camping every night, ja? Just for setting. May I borrow you for a word? Mm-hmm. I was very brusque, back in Nicodranas, with you. (sighs) I'm sorry. I felt very exposed with that man. Um-- I was just collecting my thoughts. With a man like Yussa, if he wanted to find us-- maybe not me, but the rest of you-- he will, and I do not know his allegiances or his motives or anything. Neither did you, none of us did. There are people who would flay me like a cat if they could get their hands on me, so-- No, but he was hard to read. (sighs) I don't know, Beauregard. But I don't like to not know. I like traveling with you people and I don't want to take unnecessary risks, so, I'm not telling you what to do-- I could not tell you what to do-- but if-- for me to stay with you all, I can't keep poking my head up like a mole from a hole in the ground because someone is going to cave my skull in if I do it in the wrong place, and if you all are with me, you will die with me. That man in Rexxentrum, he would spread my guts out onto the stone floor if he could get his hands on me now, if he knew where I was, so I factor that into all of my thinking everywhere we go. Everywhere I have been for five years, I have been looking over my shoulder, so it's not really fair to all of you because we are linked like this now. He is arguably the most powerful man in the Empire. Ikithon. I just wanted you to understand me better. As much as I am able to have friends, I like you, all right? I don't people very well, I am well aware. It's been a long time since I had a lot of practice, but I have to be careful, and if we can't be careful enough, I have to go. That is beside the point! Yes, it is very much beside the point! Because if I care for any of you at all, and that man in the northern end of this Empire knows where any one of you are, he knows he can get to me. If he finds us, you all will just be thrown into the fire with me. We're talking around each other. That is not the point that I am arguing; I am saying that if we are going to stay together we have to be careful. Careful. Just persons like that one in that tower. You know, in the abstract, I am, but the problem with friends is that you have to care about them. And I wander away. Well, I'm going to go stand in front of a tree for 20 seconds and do this. (laughter) You passed. We have grown since the last time we rolled through this town. He's 7'5". She's 5'1". Not a whole thing, but I've gone through most of the paper purchased, and read the history of Nicodranas, (goofy voice) the general knowledge of the history of Nicodranas. (goofy voice) Their main export is oysters. Carry on. "I knew I should have gone with entertainment as the subject! You get a piece of the pie!" Do I recognize that person from my time at school? Sorry, I didn't hear you there. (gagging) I recognize them. One more time, please. These are names I got on a list over a year ago that I'm remembering now. I'm going to go fucking dig through my emails. Jesus. We're fine. We're just going into Nott's backstory. I don't need to review nothing. If that is the case, and we're in the wagon at this point, Caleb just fucking lies down in the cart. Yeah. Lies down in the cart. Where are the nearest guards at this moment? They walked off? I'm going to hop out of the cart, go over to Nott, and trip. Fall face flat into the dirt. Wipe dirt on my face and into my beard, stand up, and pull my hood up. Yes, I'm going to start searching through the rubble. I'll helm it. Holy shit. Let's roll this die. Ooh, two 14s. That is a 23. I'm casting Mage Armor. Or blood, or injury. That's the Mighty Nein special. She's Will Graham-ing it. Let's get out of here. Let's take it to-- have you ever seen this before? May I? How does your friend fit into all of this? Caleb absolutely pukes in the middle of the room. The haversack is limited, right? That Fjord is in possession of? Who has it? I will gladly carry it. Is there anything in my time of torture and awful that would tell me what this chair is? No, I don't mean a magic chair. I mean the setup in the room, the mess around it...? (shouting) Hey, Caleb! LIAM, MARISHA, and