Very, very, very special. That's some heavy She-Ra juice. No, he promised to free-ball it. Garbage wine. Pirate on pirate violence is verboten. That's true. You are going to judge me for finger motions? Hold on, everybody, stop the game. Laura Bailey just shamed me for a sexual finger motion, at this table, after three and a half motherfucking years! I have seen everything! Resume the game. How did you fall into it? Where do you hail from? What do you snipe with? You're an interesting fellow. My name is Phillip. What is that? I don't have my contacts in. I can barely see it. That's 11, right? So that is 17. Oh, I am a navigator. Newer, but eager and looking forward to plying my trade. It's right that way. It's still over toward the hallway over there. You know, this is our first time on these islands and I don't know much about it at all. Is there any legal system here? Do you know what I mean? Or is it just, you know-- (gunshots) I am a big reader and there is a lot I don't know, like my tall friend over here. I mean, there must be trouble that breaks out. There must be bar fights. Well, I can see the appeal, but what happens if there's something risky or it causes theft of property for someone important? So Plank King is the law? That's biblical. We are trying to get the lay of the land here. Might have gotten to that, perhaps. You have mashed his hair spikes down. Caleb brings a big mug of ale and sits down close to Avantika and says, over this din This is a big longshot, but you seem very well-traveled and well-researched. This place is crazy, but any place worth its salt has books. Why are you laughing at me? Why are you laughing at me? Such a straightforward question. Well, I can tell from your reaction that there is probably no good place to acquire a book, but you seem more educated than the normal sort-- or people around me-- so perhaps you have a suggestion for a scholar lost at sea? Sundry Square, during the day. Should I be checking the trash bins for these, then? Or do you think someone might actually have them for sale? I'm jonesing pretty badly for a good book. Like a person's worth. Oh jeez, take my chair, fine. I'll go get another. Former business associate? 13. Yeah, I'm more concerned about the waves. You have experience with this? Diving? Yes or no question. Pretty sure it's anywhere. Ooh! Cold. Here comes the fanart. I hope. (as Nott) All right! I'm done! Hand me that dead cat! You're not going to drink that, are you? Yeah. Well, it's a lumpy place. You doing okay? You seem a little off to me. Yeah, you seem distracted around this woman. Oh, is it because she's a murderer? Oh. I don't like that part about her. I don't think that all of us are murderers. Are you a murderer? Yeah, but that's a very specific thing. You know, if your life is in danger, that's one thing. You know, if something happens in the heat of the moment or there's danger in both directions. Murder is premeditated. That's a very different thing. I find it hard to believe that you have killed someone with premeditation. I could be wrong but-- That I believe. Yes, I have. Yeah. Sort of. Oh. Well, Nott and I have robbed people for sure. People with not a lot of money so that we can eat. That did that we did to you when we first met you. You know, we turn one thing into another and then we go stay at an inn and buy food and then it turns back into pennies and that's not so good, but when you're starving. They didn't know it, though. Yeah. No. Do you want any ale? Boy, this is quite a predicament that we've gotten ourselves into. How the hell-- we were visiting your mother. Your mother was so lovely-- That's not true. We'll get you home. We're here-- this is Fjord's thing. We're his support. We're here to help him out. Beauregard and I don't want to be here forever either, I don't think. I know that I do not want to be in this place or on the sea forever. It's interesting. Nott is like a cat clinging to the ceiling. She's like a cat on a hot tin roof. Really none of us like it here but Fjord, kind of. There's parts of it that he likes. I don't know. You're sweet on him, yeah? Yeah. How do you mean? I think so. That's a little out of my realm of experience. I'm sorry. I don't forget anything. She was handsome. No. I said she. She was handsome. Yeah? The best. For me. That was a long time ago, anyway. Let's just focus on getting out of this place away from that woman. Is there anyone paying attention to us? Or like just leaning in a table together very low. Elf. 11. Well, I don't care. I'm pulling out the wire and I'm putting it in my mouth. We'll take care of her if we have to. (coughing) Yeah, just a cough. A cold. I want to get the hell off this island eventually, but we're here now. Tomorrow-- Yes! We'll find-- no. Probably not. But we'll get sorted. We'll make the best of this place. We'll help Fjord figure out his shit, I suppose. Yeah. Then we'll get out of here and then you can reassess back on dry land. Thanks for not leaving me on the street like a drunk. I think we'll probably going to get a room somewhere here. Is this place an inn or a tavern? I did not even look coming in. Did Avantika leave or did she go up? Probably to shit in an alleyway. Just drinking until-- If ever you're going to squat on that chair in a perch, this is it. (laughter) A few hundred years? Is there some sort of weather pattern or natural phenomenon that is responsible for this? But there aren't creepy stories about every inch of it, is there? Fair point. What are we looking for? Are we just taking it in? Learn the city. A wig? Ja, and how well-lit is it out here? Maybe they thought they were tough and strong, and they were not as tough and strong as they thought, so now they sell rope. 12. How far away can you do a pop-in? We could also potentially send Frumpkin with a note or letter. Leave it. Also, this leads me to a question I have which is, instead of discussing the short term which we want to do, I want to ask you about the long term. If we ditch Tiffany, and we find the apricot tree, what happens then? Like, what is your plan with this apricot? I think we have ideas about what could come from it. She's done what she did at the first tree and you got the next tree, and maybe she races to the-- What happens next, Fjord? Like, I know you are curious, but what is the plan? We'll call him Honda. Do you know how, at the first tree, an apricot was picked and things shook, something happened there. This place was all about drei, the number three, so you want to go pluck another fruit and that's two out of three and what happens once the third-- I am not telling any of you, especially you, what to do here, but an alternative plan is to get rid of anyone who knows about the location of the tree and bury the tree. What if some of us kept Avantika busy? This is difficult. What if Fjord keeps Tiff busy- Man, oh man-- What if the green guy and the gal are busy, you follow? Let me finish the thought. You do that thing, you take your little doorway over, you do what you want to do, then poof, you are Tiffany. You walk off the boat, because Tiffany is busy. 100% busy, not maybe busy, maybe she's sleeping, maybe she's out for a walk. It's real quiet at this table. (laughter) You're small. That's also true. He's right here. Well, Frumpkin has had a peek inside of her quarters after she has seen him. She did not see him the first time. Although, to be doubly sure I could change his shape again. But, you know, if we're not comfortable, I could change Frumpkin to be, say, a raven or something. That's where it's going to go down is in the Bloated Cup. I thought maybe it would say like maybe you know, romantic on the boat. But great. Good. So, if that's the case, then I'm not getting into that room. I think that I should tail this team instead, if you've got an eye on the exit to that building. Yeah. Yeah. I think what Beau's implying is perhaps it's better that we're never seen there at all. Here is how I would like to contribute. First, I'm going to disguise myself when it is time. Not yet, but I will make myself look like voice actor Charlie Adler. I will be salt-and-pepper-- I'll fit right in on the docks. I won't be in a denim tuxedo, but I will wear traditional pirate garb. They are bullshit. There will be no sleeves on this disguise. I'm going to hang out between the Bloated Cup and the ship, looking like Charlie. Frumpkin I will just have circle a continuous circle above the whole area so I can see the guards on the boat, and we can message each other, ja? I'll just be eyes in the sky, Charlie on the ground. (singing) Thunderstruck! Do me a favor. I'm going to go outside now, okay, and keep watch. Let me know when you're on and give me updates. Good luck. Charlie Adler. Charlie! For every spell. I'm out in the docks. You said the boat-- Oh, okay. Also, while they do that-- I'm sorry. I was going to say, once I'm out and about, about once every 30 seconds I will lean on something, pretending like I'm slightly drunk, and I will go into Frumpkin's vision from above, just for five seconds, to look at the activity on the boat and where those guards are, and then go out of it. Okay. Ooh, terrible. So terrible. That's six or seven. It's all that fog. Just like Macbeth. Caleb probably has wandered close enough to the boat now, and hearing-- We've established the-- Apologies to my German teacher from high school. I start pissing on the docks and singing Laurentia, liebe Laurentia mein. (singing) Am Sonntag. (speaking) Urination. (singing) Ach wenn es doch endlich schon-- Okay. Well, I'm definitely pissing and singing. Yep. I have rolled such shit tonight. That's a five. (singing) Von Dienstag. Oh, okay. Well, I'll do my best to knock things over as I go. (shouting) Hey, Macarena! (singing) We will, we will, rock you. Rock you. (singing) B-A-N-A-N-A-S! (singing) Hast du etwas Zeit fur mich? You're stealthing. SAM and None of us knew about the crow's nest person. (drunken singing) It's pandemonium on the docks, right? At this point? Yeah, I would have quieted down with the singing and just tried to go more lowkey. I don't know what's going on, so I'm still watching the boat. And one eye on the Loaded Underwear-- What's it called? The Bloated-- Bloated Cup. Fjord's Bloated Cup. What did you say? Perception? Still rolling shit tonight. 12. Boat. Bloated Cup. Back and forth. Waiting. Quit while you're ahead, motherfucker. Not a giant hole. Charlie Adler busts into the inn and sees Caduceus and just stops the door and pulls out a little wire and says I don't know where anybody is. We have to go to the boat now! Come on! Caduceus. No one told Caleb shit. No, I saw people running to the boat in danger and you lead off. Pandemonium on the ship and fire on the ship! They dropped their shit? (protestant noise) It went very well, I take it. The slow creep on your face, Matt! Come on, high! Charlie Adler concurs. (laughter) No, it's Caleb. That what? Detects a problem? Wherever they are. Celestial, Common, Sylvan. With my experience tinkering with Comprehend Languages, would I believe this is something I could--? Yeah. All right. I begin casting the ritual spell. It'll take me 11 minutes to be able to read this if I can. Caleb is not listening to anyone. He is sprinkling pinches of salt and soot in a circle around the book. (mutters) Well, it's up to you! (poof) All the soot and salt ignites, and then suddenly, whoa! What's it say? So Caleb would, seeing this play out as he reads, would explain it all very carefully, and delicately, because he knows how conflicted a subject, how charged a subject it would be for Fjord. But does tell everyone in the room everything. She's cooked. Minor detail in Caleb's deciphering of all the fragments, was there any sense that there was any kind of romantic relationship between Avantika and Vandren? Or it's unclear? Okay. Yeah, her own cipher. That's not helpful at all. Which necklace would that be? First time I'm seeing it, not really but, just give me ten minutes. Here's the question. Could brainiac Caleb with this book, which is her own coded cipher, Comprehend Languages with enough time try to study the recurrence of vowel sounds, consonance sounds, and try to create a key to this book? Yeah? But people break codes-- I've rolled shit all night. Every roll. Natural 20! (cheering) Oh, pretty good. Straight intelligence, right? 28. Yeah, it bumped up to 20 when I leveled up. Saving throw, sorry I was looking at the wrong place. That's correct. 25. That's fine. I would like to-- Because I was asking you a question and then suddenly it was happening, right? Let's say Caduceus gives Caleb the necklace. He'll take ten minutes to figure out what this jade necklace is and spend the night decoding this book. It's not a book. It's a necklace. Just says, "found someone special." This is like that around your neck except it's specific to warding off poison. No poison. It could help any one of us, really. Would you like it, Nott? I say we tie it to a rock and drop the rock off a specific dock, and maybe we're lucky and it's still there later. We have to be able to have someone point the finger at her, though, because what happens if she finds it herself, later? But if she finds it, she could throw it out. She could sell it. She could say, I found this in my room. I mean, that's unpredictable. I mean, we can't control that. This is the key. Anything else is a distraction, can only cause wrinkles, so we ditch it. Maybe somewhere where it can be found again, but it is not as important as this book is. So, we solve this, and her goose is cooked. We do, though. I have a question for the group, because I don't remember. Did Beauregard share with the group that she got tapped by the Plank King? Maybe we send Frumpkin with this stuff in tow, to his little perch with a note. An anonymous note. I have a copy. In my noodle. Ja, I can write it down. Well, it could be an anonymous note. Or we could send Frumpkin once we leave here, and you could sign it, from Beauregard. Spill it, girl. Spill it. To go with this, once I have deciphered it for them. Avantika's coming for your throat. This is the evidence, do with it what you will. We go to the pomegranate tree. We could also add to this note that Frumpkin delivers that Avantika-- Here is your proof that Avantika wants your throat; the whole crew is complicit. No, here's the thing. If we just give them a page-- I am going to make a cipher that can be used to decode this book. If we send a cipher and the book, they can take time to read the entire thing. Hmm. Ja, that's good. But we'll leave immediately. Correct. Ja. Goodnight. I take out the silver thread first. I only used one. SAM and I wasn't working on the book and the cipher all at once, all through the night? That's what I'm saying, yeah. Ja. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Sorry. Right this very minute, he's a one-ounce owl. Ten minutes. Stall for me. Dumb as a brick. It's in Caleb's possession isn't it? I take a bit of phosphorus and squelch it through my hand and cast Wall of Fire across the entire length of the boat between them and us. I'm sweating. Like the salt on the rim of a margarita, phosphorus through my hand. We should have worked out Frumpkin in advance. MARISHA and I thought we'd have time in the morning. The last ten minutes have been like, "Don't cast it. Just wait. Just wait. Just wait. Okay." Yes.