That's not the Laura I know. We have the whole gang here. Three episodes from now, he's going to bring in a gospel band. Wan! The glory of Grog in that issue. They have just teased the first Critical Role Vox Machina portrait of Pickle. Everyone else is pixelated, but Pickle has been revealed. You're allowed to do any of those things. It's like a real game! Yasha, Caleb, Nott? Dinghy battle! Yeah, Yasha, are you paddling? Yeah, so we would be at the front of the boat going-- Terrible. It is sad when ships sink. I don't know. (laughter) (Pigeon cooing) That seems not like a good idea. Nice, Carrot Top, nice. Yasha, can you use your oar to see how deep we are? Does it touch bottom? Unfucked! Excuse me, you could be stealthing ahead at this moment. In the boat? I had these miniatures. I forget what they're called. I dropped my Colville meteorite! Oh! I got a 20! Oh, I got a one! The 20 would have been nice though. ASHLEY and That's so cool! Und Ein. Oh, do I? Oh sure, two. No, no. Plus one, so now it's two. Ja. Of course. I'm pretty sturdy though, so I wouldn't sweat it. But do you see it? We are level four. Eight damage, sick. Mistress of the Hunt. I went from being able to see almost nothing to seeing nothing. I heard Nott get scholpped in and then I heard some cry. So I raise up the glove of blasting and I'm going to fire at where I think this thing is. Yeah. Three strikes at disadvantage. That's correct. Okay, good. For the first is 16. Yeah, let me do them all. 11. Und 15. (frantic noises) Plus that is ten. The total is 13. Okay, before it hits me, I'll say I sit down on the bench and just go (whimper). I am a monk, it's fine. Yeah, of course it hits. Yeah that's wunderbar. Does she get sneak attack since I'm adjacent to that? One question, is Frumpkin by the thing? Because Frumpkin is an ally. I know that I have read that Frumpkin can help me give me advantage. Whatever you want. I would say leave me in that motherfucker. This is your jam. Get it, Altaïr. In a split second before when I heard a blunt (impact) Oh, that was Beau. I'm feeling pretty good. I feel streamlined. Yeah, I clean up well. Half of the skiff. Still the only light in here are my four globules, correct? Not so good. Nine. (foomphs) I scrabble back and squish in with Nott at the front of the boat. Bye! I guess I am. 12. Halt. Wait. Stop. Can you fight against the current for a moment? Okay, it's going to get dark in here for a second, all right? But don't worry. I drop the globules and I cast Detect Magic. It is only 30 feet. I'm focusing, obviously, on the rock slide that you just described. Beyond the rock slide? That's on one side of the passage that we are in? If I crane my neck in the other direction, is there anything on that side? All right, well, in the darkness, you hear There is something of an arcane nature in the middle of those rocks that were ahead of us. What do you want to do? Do you want to go scrabbling in the dirt or do you want to keep going forward? It could be something beneficial or it could be terrible. Nobody can see anything right now. Does anyone have a torch? I would prefer to keep this up for the time being. Do I look like The Gentleman right now? Okay. It's not that weird. Can I see what was giving me the arcane signature? Yeah. What about you two beefcakes? Can you move these stones out of the way? ASHLEY and Question, because the spell that I cast only lasts ten minutes, somewhere around the eight or nine minute mark, do I see-- You said it was on the other side of the rock slide, so are they uncovering anything before the spell is gone? So not a door, but just a passageway? The torch is still up. It's possible that I will want to steal it, but can I make anything out? Does it look like anything that I have read about or encountered before? So it's a glow stick. But it's in an iron cage? Let's continue on. Before we leave this little cage, does it look bolted into place? It's small? Maybe later. Let's continue on. Which way do we want to go? You have one setting. Naughty. Yeah, I was going to say not the back, but I will let the bruiser walk behind me. The shaft is. (laughing) No! Has it been that long? Well, Schmidt can't see shit, but Frumpkin-- can my cat see in the dark? I would know that. I don't know. It makes sense for anyone who had gone into their basement and seen the cat go (humming). Okay, well, let's go by the rules, then. Well, I have a range on that. I don't like that idea, actually. How about I send Frumpkin with you and between Frumpkin and you, we'll be in good shape? Yeah. You're just peeking. Who am I behind? Mollymauk. I place hands on his shoulders and send Frumpkin down ten feet ahead of Nott and I'm seeing-- Yeah, or listening, and trying to listen and see through Frumpkin. So it gets too dark and hazy past that altar. Yasha, can you hand the torch down and get it to Nott so that she can go a little bit further? Is it spent now? Are you going to tell everybody about the pressure plates? Do we have anything heavy to put on them to hold them down? We don't know. Has the party held up at this point? While that happened, I would like to investigate the part of the room that I can see. Is there anything dangerous or hinky? Yes, thank you. 21. This is where Frumpkin is, correct? Through Frumpkin's eyes. The half of the room, or the portion of the room that Frumpkin can see. Are we all going? I'm holding onto Mollymauk and just following. It's down low, though. Get it. Arcana, insight, investigation. I have that kids' toy that makes these. You spin it and the little pen goes around and around. Something was giving off an arcane aura before we came in here, but I cannot see it now, so if you indulge me and give me ten minutes, I will-- Yeah. 16. You can tell if you were to rotate it, it would line up. Triangle to triangle, that would bring the star to that one there. There's a diamond right there. Caleb is still going through the ritual. Well, I will remember this. I have a perfect memory, I will remember this exactly. She talks about them a lot. Has ten minutes gone by yet? Did Detect Magic reveal what was glowing in here before? Oh, it was just the glow stick. She's too drunk. Sorry, 826. You want to deal with that right away. Yeah, here you go. Big Lebowski. Well, here's what I think I can send these little globules of light quite a ways, and I can also send Frumpkin quite a ways, so why don't we let Frumpkin have a look and we just hang back? Let's say 30 feet in front of the group with one of my Dancing Lights about ten feet behind her-- him? Him. It's all right. Jester drew it, I remember it, we're good. I'll take second position. Looking for dangerous shit. For me through Frumpkin is terrible. Seven. Knowing distance, space, the direction of north at all times, with Frumpkin in there, am I able to tell how far back we are from this chamber? We're 20 feet back? Would you say that Detect Magic is still cooking at this point? Are we still under the ten minutes from when I cast in the other room? Am I sensing anything? Find one thing you're good at in life and do it for the rest of your life. (laughter) I'm going to scooch-- well, no, I'm with Beau, so I'm asking if I sense anything of arcane nature. A retroactive question-- no, never mind. Anything arcane before it dips out? No. I'm behind Beau. I'm dropping Frumpkin vision. You're also good. You point that out as well? Off of her first comment I would send one of the globules floating up to the ceiling to better illuminate what she's pointed out. Was that 30 feet above us? Is there any space between the ceiling and the container? No, you're good. Something metallic in the rubble. Vase above. Just to clarify your description. The container is being held from above? Chains coming down? Or no, two chains from the ceiling. I'm going to scoot up behind Fjord and see if I can detect any arcane anything before the spell sniffs out. What kind was it? Yeah. I catch Fjord by the arm. Be careful. Whatever is under there is something of protection. Something to keep us out, or to protect something. I think I would have noticed that the circus bouncer looking in the urn did not get blown up, but also looked a little puzzled. So I'm going to go over and take a look at the same thing. Yasha is right next to it. The dice are doubled. Not your modifiers, but the dice. Yeah. I got another one for 826LA. I was where Yasha was. I went over to look at her urn. Frumpkin would have been just 15 feet into the chamber. Rolled one, which makes me a two. I love it. They vanish. They're gone. They're fucking ghosts. You punched cotton candy. (singing) Fuck you, I won't do what you tell me! Go for that natural 20! Fucking muscle wizards. Caleb does what that bearded dude in the GIF does, going-- seeing that happen, and I cast Scorching Ray myself, and I will send one ball of fire at the next pot. No, the other one besides that. Yeah. That is-- oh, jeez. Everything changed for me. So that is perception plus-- not perception. Intelligence modifier, which is five plus seven. So that is an 18 to hit. Okay, that's 2d6 for a damage of seven. So that did not get destroyed, then, it got damaged? That was just one, so I continue to wrap my hand around, and a second one shoots out at the one in the ceiling. That is a natural 18. Yeah. That is an eight. The other one shoots up in the air and lands two feet behind me, just goes (explosion). No, I'm standing! Oh shit, that's hot! Don't strain a hammy. At this point, we should be able to see the things that the very perceptive people saw, which was two faces, eyes with holes in them in the middle-- In this room? Should we do it in this room? Mama, put the coins in my eyes because I sure do not believe what I am seeing. Caleb doesn't say anything or move at all, but he's thoroughly impressed with Nott, by the way. I will send two of my globules down after him. How far down is that? Does everybody see? Yeah. Caleb is travelling down the rope that Yasha dropped. I would've gotten down the rope at this point, and seeing Fjord examine that, I cast Detect Magic instantly. Okay. What kind? ASHLEY and I'm allowed to know. It's in the book. What's in the fucking potion, Matt? Does Detect Magic uncover anything else besides what he's already looking through? Oh, an hour. Fjord, hold that up for me so I can tell you what it is. I will spend the next 10 minutes, with Fjord sitting in front of me and me looking at it and doing the ritual. You want to rest first or do you want me to tell you what it is now? Okay, so 10 minutes that takes. Identify. Well, I don't have it. You have it. Arcane recovery. Yeah, the eyes were for uncovering all that death underneath our feet. Fjord, you can, of course, stick that thing in the hole in that bottom room if you want, but if you like, my man Schmidt could do it, with little risk to the rest of us. If you like. We should all stand back. Better safe than sorry. Yeah. Well look here, now that we're back peering through the doorway at this. We have this star on that corner, and if you would rotate-- we don't know what we're rotating is the thing. We're saying that's the idea because there's a diamond to a diamond, and a star to a star, and a triangle of dots to that triangle. Well I bumped up to 20. Edubation. It's critical. Evocation is destruction. I'm casting, in an instant, Unseen Servant. Schmidt is here with us. Fjord, hold out your magic whatsit there. I command Fjord to give that to Schmidt, Schmidt takes it. The spell runs out-- (laughter) It is true, that's why we're hanging back behind the door. Do we think we should go clockwise or counter-clockwise? Schmidt, please revolve that staff counter-clockwise please. Well, try it clockwise then, Schmidt. Well, that's a lot of bollocks then. Dance it out of there. Not a gelatinous cube! A gelatinous cube! Oh shit! We might need to do all three at the same time? Guys, fucking focus! Focus! No more dick jokes! Focus on the cube. This is dangerous! 21! You die. Frumpkin, or--? Frumpkin can be, oh jeez, right behind me is fine. I'm going to use all my movement to move back towards the doorway as best I can. Ja. As I am doing so, I am pulling a small clay cat paw out of my hand. I mutter a few arcane words and I cast Maximilian's Earthen Grasp. A wad of soil forms out the ground and a cat's paw rises up and reaches out and swats at the gelatinous cube. Ja, that's correct, against my DC of 15. On a failed save the target takes 2d6 bludgeoning damage, so that is a seven and it's restrained for the spell's duration. So it attacks at disadvantage and you attack at advantage. There is a giant, earthen cat's claw holding it on the corner. Restrained, it's the restrained condition. Yes, it is. I have a question, is there any light in here at all? Okay so there's dim light then, from the torch. Because my globules are gone. That's correct, thank you. Okay. And then I sit. Yeah. Say again? Frumpkin can do whatever. Frumpkin will run towards Jester and get between-- where's Nott? Frumpkin will stand between Jester and the cube. Everybody has advantage on attack rolls. Beauyasha. Do it up. Jello shots! You did it at advantage? Go for the 20! Yeah, bones. Don't step on my cat. At disadvantage! I want to roll a rogue right now! That builds, goblin? It's restrained. Low-level rogue! High-level rogue, eh, but low-level rogue is sick. One time. Just for attacks. 15 for me. Gott verdammt! It's out. Does that mean it's not restrained? Who's it getting? My cat?! You motherfucker! (screaming and laughter) I mean, I'm assuming it takes like four points of damage immediately, my cat. Three? It's gone instantly! I believe my Cat's Paw is still in existence and would like to try to do the same shit. So. (swiping) (meow) 15. It can move as well. It is. Yeah, I can. Looking it up. Did it get five feet? It was five feet in front of it and it moved that way. It would've been right in front of it. All right, so DC 15. It's strength. Aw, it doesn't do it. Great. I will use the rest of my movement to move another ten feet back in the hallway I'm in. She's out! Was she absorbed? Is she absorbed? LAURA and No, probably you'll die. Yasha! Ashley, you just destroyed a classic Dungeons & Dragons foe. (clapping) (Imitating Jester) Put your tusk in there, Fjord! (laughter) Get my cat out of there. From down the hallway you hear Now the question is, if we do the same thing again, will another one come out? Or do we need to try to hit all three at the same time? Let me come in there. Leave it nearby. I can do both divination and evocation. Can you do one of those things? Well, tell me what you are able to do. Divination and evocation. Yeah, you can do evocation with this one-- But you have to get up there, though. You have to touch it with that one. So you handle evocation. I can handle the divination. You handle necrotic. It is worth a try. Of course it is. I'm pretty good. I have not let go all of my preparation for the day. Is everyone all right? Jester, how are you feeling? No, not Laura but you Jester. How are you feeling? I reach into the satchel on the side. I give her my potion of healing. Regular healing. Well, what are you complaining about then? That is not the verbiage that I chose at all. SAM and Necro, evo, and divination all together. Do you think it would hurt if we did it at the same time? Let's do it at the same time. Identify, which is divination. Okay. That was good. We checked that box, so let's go back into the room. Yeah, okay. Yeah, that's good. It's 20. The urns, currently, are totally empty? I know. I-- We maybe need to go upstairs and scoop some of the dustbuster bullshit into these and bring them down. No, I'm saying we need to go collect some of the ashes of the dead from upstairs. Something is missing here. It's possible that we need to burn something afresh. Yeah, I can set things on fire as well. Do you want to do one? Yeah, it's easier. I cast Firebolt into one of them. Just to note, Schmidt is still here with us. If we need anyone to hold anything that's dangerous-- I have transmutation. I know enchantment and transmutation. All right. We'll figure out-- I have transmutation and enchantment. And what do you have, Jester? So you're enchantment. That means I have transmutation. If another cube or something comes out-- That's right. We've got these two bruisers here. That's good. I concur. I, of course, in front of transmutation. You're doing what? I'm doing Maximilian's Earthen Grasp again with my cat's paw. Wait! I sit down, and I start doing the ritual for Detect Magic again. Ten minutes. Five more minutes! Caleb is super intense on his shit right now, going I am helping the group. Everyone's going to be safe. Did we wait the short amount of time for Detect Magic? The will-o'-wisps are the dead. They are left from the dead. Give me a second to blacklight the room. Yeah, I'm waiting for the narrator to-- Yes, good, right. So I'm walking. Is there anyone between the bookshelf and me, where I am? Is Fjord? Who's the closest? I walk up between the two of them, and I have a 30 foot radius on the spell, so I'm basically doing this, but I'm very interested in the bookshelf obviously. I'm looking everywhere. Is there a type? I will ask that every time. Friendship magic. In the wall, above the bookshelf? Zero books. Jester's holding it? How's the girth? I obviously can do that, and I have a little bit of reserve left, but we are still not topside yet, so we can either sit for ten minutes and I can tell you exactly what it does, or we wait until later. But I'm not willing to do this-- It is ten minutes. We can wait until later. Does it have any paper? A natural 20. No, the first one was right. Detect Magic's still going, by the way. I know Common! Oh god. I don't know where to look on D&D Beyond. Description, character details? I know Sylvan, Common, and Celestial. Then I will cast Comprehend Languages. It doesn't. Just one. I cast Comprehend Languages. Don't write that down! Because only I know it! Right. I tell nobody this. I do read it out loud. Jester, while Molly is looking around, hold that for me. Hold it still. The sword, and I will tell you what it is, but you have to hold it for a while, Muscles. Oh man. It's okay, I have one spell slot left, it's fine. All we have to say is we cleared it. Yeah, we need to do some discussion. That's nothing. I could go for another two hours, at least. Only cool things here. Only cool things.