On a side note, Matt, you look so quietly pained to hear Mordenkainen bathed in whatever that was. So shiny and beautiful! Oh my gosh, Laura wants to hold it. Because it is a new comic! Critrole! Where did it go? Oh man, that Ashley, she's so... boxy. Can you get it empty or close to empty if you try? I am not suggesting you try. I grab and shake it, with my thumb over the spigot. Probably not, how is your esophagus after that? How many fingers am I holding up? How many members of The Mighty Nein are there? She's okay. It's true. Jester, help her out there, she's in need. Looking at our map, how much longer do I think we have to go to get to our destination? We want to rush? You want to rush? Let's take it slow and we're going to get to the swamp just as the sun is going down if we rush, and that is full of nasty things, I'm sure. If we go slower-- Yeah. You all are an enjoyable lot, it will be fun. Maybe a little. Carefully. Not willy-nilly, not galloping pace. I want to watch. Twice, yes. We saw that. I've spent a long time on the road, too. There are a lot of soldiers ahead, and I don't think we should have anything to do with them. That's a very good point. Your background would tell you, if you chose a background, what bag of shit you have. I have, for two minutes, been thinking If only I had the Mending spell. (pigeon coo) How tall is the grass around here? Where's he from again? SAM and Druvenlode. Where are you all headed? Just carve it on the back of your DM's screen like a prisoner. Captain, where are you headed en masse like this today? Do any of us see this? Would you rather be headed there or where you're heading? Stay safe as well. Thank you. Good trick. I think we should camp, because then we will hit this swamp at a more advantageous moment. How frequent is it? A couple of times you have spit out seawater? Saline solution? Hey, you're not supposed to drink that stuff. It's for rinsing. This week's episode brought to you by Bausch & Lomb. Silver thread around the fire. How many of us can fit under that cart, I wonder. Disgusting. We're going here. Silberquel Ridge, perhaps? Hupperdook is beyond that mountain range. He was from Druvenlode. It is a big group of us, yeah? Is there enough people left over to do the last watch? Oh, your eyesight is better than mine. The storm! (singing) Never say goodbye! Oh man, Jester and I talked about everything. Like, everything. About childhood, favorite kind of ice cream. We know everything about each other now. I'm going to mull it over in my sleep, good night. What's the temperature like right now? We have to be miserable right now because we are soaking wet and it is cold. I am working on a thing. I have not got it figured out yet, but I think that I could make some sort of shelter for us so that this doesn't have to happen again. I haven't worked out all the-- what? No, magic, of course. But I don't have the-- I've been working on it, but I haven't struck to the-- Well, I always need those things, but I need more time and more research. Thank you, Mollymauk. This sucks. TRAVIS and I have higher hopes of-- I mean this is a long ways off, but I would love a large home or a mansion of some kind that you can (snaps) on a whim. Doesn't that sound amazing? We have all of us seen magic in our lives. Nothing is impossible. That is correct. You have faith, so you should have faith. Also, Caleb has watched Beauregard go to town on 100 pushups or something, and I go maybe 40 feet away and I try as well. I do one pushup, and then I go study Siff Duthar's spell tome some more instead of going to two. Roll a 20. How far up is it about? Okay. Cart. In addition to the insects, do we start to become aware of wildlife around? Birds and beasts? I'm good at nature. I've lived in the woods for a long time. On the plus side, I think sitting in the cart, that Caleb is probably the cleanest he has been in two years because it's been raining non stop. I cast Mage Armor on myself. That's not a good idea. I would say that Caleb has spent a lot of time over the last several years in woods. Can I check to see if I have ever heard that cry before? That is an 18. Fjord regurgitates saline solution. We're just getting into this swamp right now, right? It's your proficiency, plus your wisdom, plus eight. Do we even see her anymore? Yeah. Luck is for suckers, man. Also, it's important that it is kept hidden. 12 as well. I'm on a log. Oh, I am? Okay. I am going to stick a root of licorice in my mouth like a hayseed like I'm Fjord and cast Haste on Nott. Read this because your armor class is up, you have an extra action per round, you have advantage on dexterity saves. I will do my full movement forward. 30 feet. You have an extra action. Yeah. You can use the extra action to go closer as well. Or extra attack. I love this cleric. That's fucking dumb. Screw you, Snitch. Get them ninja stars out. They're darts. I think they're homebrewed darts. I think that's the first time any of us have ever done that. (as Grog) He did it! (sings) Light the corner of my mind. What's that spell do? I think that I see one of the giant gators is getting close to Nott and also Yasha, so I'm going to tug really hard on the Glove of Blasting and revolve around my wrist three times and use Scorching Ray. Edubation. Say again? Three attacks, advantage against the target, correct? First one is a 17. Okay. Second one is a natural 20. Third one is a 17. So they all hit. Ja. Here we go. Dang it! Total of 21 fire damage. Ja. Then I will keep wading through the shit, try to get a little bit closer. And say, "Hey! Fjord, isn't this fun?" And that's it. But what if you get a natural 20? Roll again, in case you get 20's. We got a natural 20. +2 on your AC. Ja, it seems like I'm-- can I get within 30 feet of it? No, correct? I would think probably not. Just out of 30 feet. I am going to cast Magic Missile at level three because he's got my little friend. That is five missiles total. Here we go. Total of 18, so (firing noises). (yelling) Disappointed! Is he flanked with Yasha? Advantage. Roll again. It's like the Simpsons Frogurt scene. Oh, just when I think I'm out, they pull me back in. Sure. This one, not this one. Yes! But does an unmoving body move? (Regis Philbin imitation) Would you like to phone a WotC friend? Matthew Mercer. How do you want to do this? Maybe she's vibrating on the ground. Like when a pager goes off. Good narration DM. Good narration. Ja, hallo. It's worth 100, which is what I need for my spell, ja. Ain't you got no long range? Out of context quotes. A purple worm erupts from the middle of the floor-- Caleb is watching all this. I could, it would take an hour, but I could understand this one, if I set my mind to it. Oh! No. No, please. No, please, no. I'm going to pull my coat shut. Or does he want to draw. Empire kids wouldn't know? Kenku. Like ravens, they are able to mimic many sounds. I mutter that to the group. Are you able to handle yourself in a scrap? Are you good with a weapon, or-- To my question though, are you able to handle yourself in a dangerous moment in any way? A monk. Many seconds. What do you need? Since he brought me over, what do I make of the same? Yeah. That is a 25. Just looks like a bunch of old crap, to be honest. Did Jester spend hours doing that? If she did, then Caleb would have spent one hour to cast Comprehend Languages as a ritual spell to talk to her, full on. I'm going to walk Kiri away from this for the moment and say, after an hour has passed of me doing this ritual spell For the moment, I can understand you as clearly as you can understand me. Do you want to tell me anything about your time in this swamp or what you want to do with yourself, now that you are alone or how we can best help you? Or anything you want to tell me. Okay Well, in the meantime, while we are looking for them, is there anything that we can do for you or is there anything that you can tell me about your last days here? I mean, their are hoots and whistles are some form of language, aren't they? Will she be welcomed in a town? DM, you said three or four, five hours for Jester to do all of that gator carving before? And that's what you did? Than I use arcane recovery. That's all I wanted to ask, if I had time. Well, I think we should do what we have done well so far, which is to improvise. It is better to bring her with her and then leave her and then if we find an advantageous place to leave her, then we will. But for the time being she is a sidekick. Do you know cats? Do you like cats? Do you know cats? Do you like cats? Into her hands. Frumpkin starts to purr and nuzzle. Yeah, I ask Frumpkin to do a blep. And to lick her face. He's friendly. That is my cat. If you want to spend some time with him, you can. He is very soothing for me, anyway. Give it a shot. I just want to point out that, if we pick up one more stray, there will actually be nine of us. That's true. It can be both. Caleb takes off his cloak and puts it on Jester. I never wear a cloak when we're not in the city. Look, you guys, we are trying to make it work. Jester took most of the day to harvest a gator. Febron Keyes in the Keystone Pub. In the Puddles. Puddin'. Just pull that cloak way down. That's a Percy mask. Also, very important question, how is Kiri doing with Frumpkin? The only way to get in is an eight-foot climb on a rope? Oh dear. I start to pull the silver thread around the edges of the cart. All of us can get in, but anybody else will set that off. Man, what a great scene between husband and wife. No, she's coming with us. Do you know what booze is? We'll get her a Tirley Shemple, it's fine. All over the place, really. Bon or Barn, or--? Let your eyes adjust to the room. I have it. That's easy for me to do. Okay. How old is Berleben in general? Wow. There's a fancier part of this town? Are they below the water level here? From the bottom? That would be a 9th-level spell, that's beyond-- We could also drag you back to The Gentleman if you'd prefer that, instead. Or you could point us in the right direction and let us take care of it. That is a 15. Well, you know keep it simple, stupid. We are very aware that he has sent us into something more troublesome than he has described, and we are willing to do that. We're told you are the one who can get us in the right direction? We'll be very disappointed otherwise. That's a persuasive Jessie-- Damn it, Jessie! Because Matt doesn't want to sing. I'm going to give you all my gold. That is one. No, I have two silver and five copper! How. Broke. Am I? (whispers) Power ballad! Well, he is staying with us this evening. I highly doubt it. I mean, it's possible. Insurance? No, we are in a podunk town, there is no insurance here. Well, we've been here an hour, there are seven hours-ish left on the spell. That'll get us through most of the night. What all's in there? You have the-- Sure, I thread the cart, but you have the thingy. That's the most important thing. I'm fine to send it. Also, Nott, I would not worry the spookiest thing in this place is us. (squeaking) Quick conversation? Just, quick. As the hooligans are getting ready for bed, I wanted to say to Nott You know, I think, for obvious reasons now, I have kept a lot of things close to the vest, and those things are out. If you ever want to talk about anything-- now or later, after you think about it-- you are my friend, and you can talk to me-- if you want. I can't see you through your booze. I'm clean right now. I mean, an hour in, yeah, but we were in the rain for like, 48 hours. Yeah, did Laura Bailey put you up to this? You're getting ahead of yourself, okay? I am a garbage person. Let's put that on the table. But while I am a piece of shit, we can help each other in the short term. This is going further than I anticipated. I just meant that if-- These people we are with are all interesting, and great-- and untrustworthy, but great-- but I trust you, which wasn't really true three weeks ago. I just mean I wasn't-- I don't know, words don't do it. Talk to me if you want. Gute nacht. Hanging brain. Febron is totally telling his friends that he nailed a barbarian. (as Febron) So I had her alone, right? (as Febron) It's me pheromones! Each page is a centimeter thick, though, on this book. But there's illustrations, maps, curse words, colors-- Punisher skulls. Mountain range. I remembered, Matthew. No Englishmen. She was the last one.