You've got to laugh. I just want to procrastinate and prolong the-- Busy day? Was it a busy day? Travis, bring me pickles! Pretty spot on. I've known her a long time. Metal. Okay. I'm going to give us about ten minutes to figure out what we want to do here, and then I am sending Frumpkin out after them. We need to decide something now, because I am going to be out of it for a bit. Beauregard, she would have told us. She wouldn't have been able to hide it. I pull Keg up. This place they are going, is it permanent? Or a temporary camp, or it's been there for years and this where they always are? Do you know how far off we are from it now? How many people are in their camp, what did you call it? Yeah. Sure. What about The Sour Nest? What do we want to do? That is what I'm talking about. Mollymauk is dead. Three are not, not yet, and we have invested a lot of time into forging this alliance we are in, Nott. I'm not proposing a head-to-head confrontation. Maybe. I want to know where they are, I want to know what conditions they're in. I'm not willing to walk away from this. We could live, sure, we could live. We go hide in the woods. Go back to picking pockets and pulling scams on people. You know that I want more than that. What are we going to do first? The man crawled out of a grave once, if he's to be believed. He's done it once, maybe he will do it again. Do we stay here, do we try to find, I don't-- I've read of miracles. A note. How many days' travel are we from the beginning of this journey? Yeah. From The Gentleman. We are in the middle of nowhere. You can get us there, though. It does not need to be a frontal assault, we don't need to throw our lives away. I pull out the clay cat's paw and cast Earthen Grasp and the cat's claw forms out of the dirt and I use it to start digging a hole in the earth. Yeah. As the cat's claw starts digging down, I'm looking for-- the glaive wasn't left, right? He took it with him? Sticks, branches, ja? No. I go to Molly's body and begin to get the coat off him. The claw has about a minute, so hopefully it can dig something deep enough. Okay. I'm going to start to pull him into the hole. I grab some paper out of my bag and I start writing a note to Mollymauk, telling him to find us through The Gentleman. I take that note and I stick it into the lapel of the folds of his clothes, and I brush the hair out of his face, and then I start to push soil back over the body. Shine bright, circus man. Caleb sighs and takes a five-foot, six-foot sturdy branch, one that could be a walking stick, and I take that stone-- that lucky rock that I found-- and I start to hammer the branch into the ground so it is sticking up like a post, and then hang Mollymauk's coat from it. Not right away. If he comes up out of the ground, it will be here waiting for him in a day or two. I think we will just leave the coat, Beauregard. Well, we do not have to decide what we are going to do right away. We could have an opportunity, grab our friends. We don't need to rush into the lion's den. Let's see what we are looking at, what we are dealing with. We get our three friends back. We have not traveled with them this far to throw it away. Their deaths would be a waste. Caleb storms off into the woods. I'm in the open right now with the horses, yeah? The horse is? There's no person around? I walk up to the front of the horse. Oh. Who are you, Freund? Hi, welcome! Hey, that's a pretty good trick. You're out for a stroll? Oh, gut. How long have you-- You are very tall. Ja. Okay. Did you see everything that happened in here in the last 20 minutes or so? Hey guys, we have a visitor! Um. Yes, I just was not expe-- you know, we've been through-- It's been a long day. You don't have any holy abilities, by any chance? Well, if you've been watching, we have just buried a friend of ours, maybe we were premature. Should we go dig him up? That's a stupid question from me, I apologize. She probably would have offered though, you know. Ja, how are you feeling about your chances now, after watching the bloodbath? She was a horse a moment ago. It is a little trick. Can you turn yourself into anything dangerous? Have you ever been in a fight? Hey, over there is a tree stump on the side of the road. That's the bald one. What do you do? That sounds good. What time of the day is it? The fight was in the early morning. Right, okay. Can I borrow your flask, please? How old is your boy? Horse nap. I send Frumpkin up into the air as an owl. Yes. I'm pulling the first of the three off the road to the side. Are you able to do just one person? Could you do the whole group? We've taken everything, yeah. Ugh. Were-goats. You and me, goblina. Sam, you're bonier than Gollum. 21. Hearty German living. You're like the little kid in A Christmas Story, "I can't put my arms down!" I kick my horse along. Rewind the tape just a little bit. We were going at a pretty good pace there. Yeah. We could just take everything off our horses and gather it. Yeah? We lie you over the horse and we put a bunch of shit on top of you, yeah? Then you are going to do some sort of horse magic that makes us-- sorry, I'm unclear. Invisible or--? You cannot. But what you can do, it's still useful here. If the people who are hiding try to look like-- covered in cloth and shit and try to look like cloth-- You can make it more believable. This whole pow wow was happening around the bend. No, we keep going for a while-- Keep up appearances. Yeah? You're going carry these two. They're both going to lie on top of your horseback. Too heavy? She's like all sticks, though. She could be on our horse. Because you and I are skin and bones. Ja I mutter a few words and suddenly look like an old coot with a band of hair around the sides and my jaw is off to the side a bit and it's missing a few teeth and very squinty. That's me. Yeah, that's it. Stop the game! What's the drawing? Hold it up. Let's see! Somebody was talking, having a moment. Then you draw a dick man. Rissa and Robert Duvall. Shut the fuck up! Yes, we have that. Oh yeah. Okay. Do you have any place where we can lay up? Does she murder everybody or does-- That is correct. Are you still laying across the back of a horse or have you pulled yourself up? Of course. (spits) In Zadash, it would look like shit, but here it's the belle of the ball. Are they altruists though or are they mercenaries? (horse huffing) Keg, if we find an alleyway to drop you out of sight of you suddenly appearing, can you walk around this town, or is that dangerous? How stupid is it for you to walk up on open road in this place? Ja, one second, though. Which way from here are these Iron Chefs located? Two hours' travel? Okay. In that direction? Can you describe to me what it looks like? Is it noticeable? No, I do not want to go up there now. I was thinking of maybe sending my cat, but that can wait. Let's go into this place. Sitaritic? This is what she does in brothels? You have had a lot of luck predicting things with this stink pouch? What do I smell? Oh, that's pretty good. 19. Oh, well, yes, I'm convinced. We should definitely just march up to the estate. Well, perhaps we don't want to show up on these people's doorstep as the sun is going down. Why don't we spend a night here? You were looking for some companionship. You can work on that. Sure, we can talk to the clientele. Maybe you should hang back. How do you mean? Yeah, that's outside of the city, into the woods. Yeah, I think so. We've been traveling all day. We stay here, we get up. We don't know anything about where the Shepherds-- We know nothing about their stronghold, just what you're able to tell us, but that doesn't tell us how many people are there now, what we are going to be up against. We talk to the Marduns tomorrow, figure out the next step from there. No, we have been together a long time, so we're used to-- Sure. I don't know if that was called for at all. Shush. This one and myself will take one room. I will handle the two gold for Nott and myself. Oh, boy. Sure, I'm good. You know, maybe quit while you're ahead. Nott, come on, let's go upstairs. No, something else. You're good. Go on, get it on. You're probably nailing a 250-year-old! Welcome to Deadwood! Before going down with Nott and Caleb, I would say when we get up We need to talk for a minute, okay? I don't care about Keg or any of that. I want to talk about what you and I are doing. I was this close to running off from that road when things turned on us. You and I, we are going to survive together. That is the main thing. The dwarf stepped up. (snaps) Changed my mind like that. Whatever she said to him, he left. Yeah. But we have done a lot and you know what I am about. So I just want you and I, you and me especially, to be on the same page because we have been for months now, ja? You are my friend, I want you to be with me, and I want us to live. We have done a lot with these people, and if we can finesse this and do it in a way that does not throw our lives in the fire, there is more to be achieved. We will help you get to where you want to get, and myself, together. We will work together with these people. Yes. I like them. We are not hiding anymore. Well, not like we used to. There is a certain amount of risk to what we are doing. And what I want is good, for more people than just me. Well, we are about to risk our lives to pull three people we met four or five weeks ago out of the hands of a lot of dangerous people. Seems like a pretty good offer for them. I don't have any family; you're the closest thing that I have. I have come to rely on you and I am grateful for your company. Well, let's screw our courage to the sticking place and get them out of there. He would get more defensive with time. I don't know. We don't know enough. I would like to find out where he sleeps. Head-on, I agree, not a good idea. We will take a roundabout way. Let's figure out what we're talking about first. I invite her in. I don't even say anything, just a firm hug. Let's go down. Sex bacon. (laughter) (long sigh) We are going to go and meet the Marduns. We are going to ask for Ophelia Mardun. Maybe. Oh. Not right now, but when we are-- ja. It's very enigmatic, but we will-- okay. Where are your 20s, Ashly, where are your 20s? We'll let you know if we find them. Come on. Where does he get such wonderful toys? There is a difference between Crownsguard and Empire soldiers? Is one higher than the other? Yeah, I don't think we've ever discussed this, but is Caleb's father Crownsguard, or Empire? Which is below both of those? Okay. Well, you're not familiar with this where you are from? Roll one of your buddies. 14. Sniff nuts. -- giant shitty rooster. Speak with Animals. She's an Iron Shepherd, kill her! Would you like to ask it what is dangerous in the wood? Three days. Ja. That is not a problem. Hello. Ja. We are good here. We have been traveling a great distance. We are here to speak, if you don't mind, we have a message for Ophelia Mardun. It can only be heard by her. We have been charged with this message and no funny business. I hope that we could impart our message and be done. Would you tell her that a very refined gentleman from the south would like to pass his regards to her. Ja. (groans) Not very good at all. SAM and It is a long way. Yeah. Only a fool travels alone. I'm just smiling at the guards. (exhales) We are all going to laugh about this later, I promise. (nervous laugh) We are good? That is correct, ja. Well, we will be plain. He has sent us. He has told us that you are in need of assistance, and he has deemed us worthy to provide it. (small laugh) Not very much. Fireball. (laughter) Am I right? It's like-- I can be on the shitter, if I want to check-- Caleb's spells. I can be mid dook. Mid dook and check my spells. One more time, please? Your accent is thick. No, I appreciate hearing the old tongue again. Some of us are trained killers for sure, and we have picked up help as we have seen fit. Everyone has been carefully selected, carefully vetted. I'm sure that with your input on their mannerisms and habits, their routines, we will do quite well. We have come a long way. Is there any-- You know them better than us; we're out-of-towners. Any tips to specifically deal with your problem? There we go. Yeah, this is a pre-existing arrangement that's outside of negotiation at the moment. I understand. We will take care of what you are asking. Zemnian. We're left with guards? All right, good fellows, would you escort us out and point us in the right direction? Did I see any books on the way out? 14. Fuck this podunk town. You know where you are? Yeah. Let's put a little distance between ourselves and this place and this gentleman and I will send Frumpkin out to have a look. While you look, I will say an important point for clarification. Once we are out of the view of this gentleman guarding the secret entrance, Caleb, walking with poise up to a tree, leans against it, bends down and has a panic attack. Stop it. I am nauseous. Let's go kill a bunch of people. That is sour. Let's go. 'Member? 'Member clerics? Four! Yeah. You said yesterday that-- you were a horse first and then you said you could only do it one more time or a certain number of times, correct? If you were to become, say, a raccoon right now and go running around, that is one time that you cannot become a crocodile to eat somebody's face off. Okay. I think, let us reserve that for now because Frumpkin can do the job. Let's get closer to this place and it would only take five minutes. He will go. Yeah. I mean, I could turn him back into a cat, but then he's slower, he can't get over the walls maybe. How far have we traveled at this point? Unless you roll high. Nope. SUMALEE and Ducks, you guys. It's ducks. Ja, okay, that's easy. I sit down on the ground and send Frumpkin into the air. (whispering) There is a very large black bear ahead of us, with bones coming out of its butt and stuff and it has just laid down for a nap. What are we going to do? 26. You guys, Taliesin's a bear. (laughter) How dense is the forest around this place? There's no manicured, open place around. It's just nestled among trees around it or--? Our lot is hidden in the trees, a ways away? This is where we send an owl. I'm going to send him and it's going to take a moment. I want him to go around the entire place and keep an eye on it and watch it. Maybe 20 or 30 minutes. Are we good with that? How will we-- You and I could talk to the mouse. Well, for now this is easy, we're going to send my owl now. If anything goes wrong, will you please tap three times on my left knee? I go blind and send Frumpkin up. I tell him telepathically to just chill and sit there for a while. Perception, you say? 22. How many people do I see down inside? Total two up top? They definitely don't know any ice magic. Did you say how big the structure within the wall is? They find a dead man on their perimeter and know that someone is fucking with them. They could be inside. This is not any better than our chances on the road. Looking through Frumpkin's eyes, was I able to see the entrance through this wall that the guards are up top on? What's the way in here? No gate or doorway at all? Solid? None of this? How do you get out if you are in a mouse? The gates are solid. That's why I asked. Possible. Could you make yourself a very distinct looking mouse, like a shock of white hair on the mouse head or something like that? Something unique? Correct. Send in the animals. Would Comprehend Languages work with a mouse, or no? That would be a different spell, right? Speak with Animals? I agree, yeah. Yeah, K.I.T. Keep it together. You must know Jareth the Goblin King? You're buddies with him? Truth. Ja, but we didn't talk about the first part. Frumpkin's got to bring her in there. Buddy, don't eat, just carry her. Stay away from the two on the top, okay? Put her by the barrels if you can. Then come back. As he's going, I tell him Correction, find an out of the way place to sit and watch those barrels. Stealth, you say? For my owl, so I have to go to the other page. The owl page. Which I have ready. 13. Take your shot. Does not hit my owl. You hear beside you Arschloch. Of the building? P.O.V., two inches tall. This floor, upstairs or downstairs. Squeakers! After a while, yeah. That's a 17. What was? That's true. Did you learn anything? Many? One of these in the mess hall? How many people? You said two? I pull some paper out and say, "Can you draw these rooms?" That's cool. Yeah. Well, I like the idea of an extra hand or two to back us up, but I also agree with you. We go in at night and try to take the guards out, who are watching quietly, hopefully. If that is the case, we can go in and get our friends, and if we do that successfully, then we can burn these ones in their sleep. Write what you know. Good game.