We're really glad to be back. And also sorry. (whispering) It's all titties! We were at the gallery yesterday looking at stuff blown up. We're going to be back tomorrow looking at other stuff blown up and it was overwhelming to see the art that you guys have made blown up larger than life. It's going to be emotional. Wait! I don't have an announcement, but I just want to thank a couple of people. First, I want to thank @chaotic_redhead on Twitter-- not Marisha Ray, a different one-- for sending in this great hat right here. We got this one. That's not the last one. There were four octopus hats sent in today. Two were for me, and two were for Brian Foster. Look at this. Amazingness. This one-- This one, oh I tell you, this one is from Knitting Batman on Instagram. No, I cannot see. No, I can see! Yeah. As you were, Matthew. I forgot how to play. Oh, I rolled a natural 20! I did it. I remembered. Yes, I did! This is after lighting up the inside and then backing away from it? Is that how it went down? That was earlier. 21. I am going to use my movement to get behind this rock, and I am going to, about 30 feet away from Nott, hold the Haste spell for the moment I see her starting to attack something. No, to Nott. Yep. I was a-scared and frightened. Trigger Caleb casting Haste on Nott if I saw her attack. 15. I'm going to move half my movement, so is that three? I'm going to go one, two, three to here and fire off Magic Missiles at this one by Yasha at a level two. All terrible rolls. It's eight points of damage. Yeah, that's it. Yes, I do, plus 12 points of damage. Yep. Yeah. With Spiritual Weapon, yeah. Is everyone attacking at disadvantage like Yasha was? It's okay. It's just my teeth. And we're underwater. I was backing away from the action, but seeing how the things are turning south, I start pushing back towards Miss Lionett through the water. I make it that far, and I'm going to cast Magic Missile at level four. (counting) 22. The one that's backside is to me. This side. No, the one on Beauregard here. That's the end of my turn. It's short. It's 20 feet. I remember. Character drops. Fuck this bullshit. Double that. Cocked. It's very cocked. You're able to read people's thoughts after that. I've been on my way over to the scrum over there, trying to help, and I begin to weave Magic Missile again, and he is about to cast it and the thing comes behind him and he goes Whoa! and unleashes on the one right behind him. Magic Missile, level three. Yeah, I need one more. (counting) 15 total. I'm not going to move, because it will claw me in half. No, that hits, sorry. I was going backwards. Yeah. Yeah. Ten. What if the roll had actually been-- shite, 13? Would that have changed it? Because I have the transmuter's stone, which is giving me proficiency on constitution saves, if I'm remembering correctly. Proficiency in constitution saving throws. That's what I have. There's a slight crooked little smile peeking out from underneath Frumpkin on my head. The queen. Caleb pulls up and there's claw piercing all along the ribs. Caleb sits down in the muck. (NPR announcer voice) This is Grass Talk on KCRW. I need a short rest. Yes, please. I am dropping and leaning against Beauregard. Did one of you do healing and I missed it? You would advise coming? She wants us to rally below. It is gross on the way down, but okay-ish. I crawl down. There is no guarantee there is another temple somewhere, with another person with dreams like you and Avantika, who has already done this? This could be the final piece of the puzzle, if we understand the carvings we saw correctly, even. We don't actually know, do we? I'm going to start looking around. 27. An empty, standalone sphere? Agate, A-G-A-T-E? Potion, sphere, feather-shaped stone, and an agate stone. That's four things. Plus the coins. It's a stone shaped like a feather. Does it look like this sphere that I've found is the same shape as this? I will alert everyone that this stuff it down here. I gathered up all of the things that are not coins. No. Are we going to take the time do that now? I will need some time. I heard you whispering about this bauble, so I will begin on it. Well, if someone has seen us through it, they already have. In theory. I sat down on the floor-- oh shoot. I cannot do it now because my books are in your bag. If I take them out, they would be ruined. Yeah. Yeah. Too clean to be normal. Caduceus. Can you talk to this dead person? By the time we clear the room, there would not be much time left to that spell. You know him pretty well? You still mean to veer away from all this once we're done here? I'm going to expend a use of Expeditious Retreat on myself which will, A, make me a little bit quicker. I would change the nature of the Transmuter's Stone to let me see in the dark, and I send Frumpkin to glomp onto Fjord's arm and shoulder. He's on his way, we should already start moving. I'm swimming quickly ahead of everyone because I'm Expeditious Retreat. I've shot ahead a little bit, if it's under ten minutes since I've cast. Can I ask a question? Watching through Frumpkin's eyes as he did everything down below, other than hearing Fjord talk without his twang, did I see the tendril that appeared, or was that all in his mind? So just heard him speak and heard him wedge a sword in the ground. That was my first D&D character. No, don't open that. You were only warned six times before you put it in your mouth. Looks like someone who waited for us to do the hard work. Into the ocean. He said at advantage. Oh my god, it's cocked! You don't get to keep it, but it was like, "20, fuck you," at an angle. And they are more than four times further away than that. I'm the boatswain? What are we doing, Captain? For everybody with a thing to do? Because I don't think I have a thing to do, so I could just hang out. I'm going to start Identifying spells. I'm rifling through Jester's. If they get in range. In six-second rounds-- I don't think we're in traditional... 15. What are you eating? To maintain distance? How long is your Water? So if we maintained speed with that and they're a fast boat. Well, it creates a wave for sure. That's what I was worried with Avantika about. It's a 25 percent chance of capsizing. Three, zero. Roll the dice. What do we see in the way of survivors swimming about? They're very far away. Eight. Do we want to grab one or two of these people so we know what was going on in the first place? We got a boat now, baby! This is going down! That boat is as dead as a nothic. (laughter) 23. I can kind of do that. You have to get them in a circle and keep them at bay for a moment. The Cock Gobbler. Yes, they attacked a ship after a gigantic geyser of water spewed forth from the ocean. I'd say they stuck their dick in it, yeah. We could try to turn them in, and they could take them and us at the same time. May I have my books back, please, before you draw googly eyes in the pages? Did you already draw googly eyes in the pages? I certainly do. Thank you, Beauregard. I will go back to Nott and my quarters, and pull out the book, and take less than an hour to-- there's five things now. It was the stone shaped like a feather. It was the orb. It was a potion. It was the agate stone and the studded leather armor. Busy. Busy. You guys are on deck, right? I'm not there. Caleb wanders back up at this point and starts listening. I'm sorry, I'm coming into this midway. Am I to take it we are headed to the mainland? Oh, that's good news. Oh, that is a good idea. So you don't mean to pursue this any further right now? I was going to ask you, does it concern you to turn away from this thing's desires? Do you worry it will abandon you? Leave you a mere mortal again? But you intend to leave the sea for now? You don't even know, do you? I've been in the ocean for days and days. First, I want you to admit that I have been washed from top to bottom for a month. You are a nice fellow. You see? Revved up. It was very interesting. I'm so tired. There is one of these things that I am going to keep. It's a lucky rock. There is another thing here that I probably should keep, but I don't have to. This bauble lights up and floats and lets us see in the dark. Yeah, hovers a bit. I set it floating five feet above the deck of the ship. It is "tawaj". Not exactly, but-- it's dark at this point, isn't it? So if I say "fajar"? Very specific use cases for that. I pluck it out of the air, and it should dim. One of you could carry it, but since I am normally blind as a bat, Beauregard has her glasses-- All right, so I will take both of these things. A lucky rock, yes. No, it does not let you reroll things. This is a potion that makes one extremely strong for a short period of time. Fjord, Yasha? I honestly was thinking Yasha, and if not Yasha, then you, Jester. I stick that into my pocket. That's just a loaner in my pocket; I don't want it. Caduceus, I thought this would be good for you. I'm holding up a small stone leaf. I hand it to him. Don't put that on the deck, please, because it will turn into an actual tree. It doesn't say on here. I assume-- Oh, one time only. And then, Beauregard, this armor you found is quite exquisite, but you don't wear armor, do you? No, it's a bit hard to do all the flipping around that you do. Yeah, it would be good for any of you. This particular one was a little better at protecting you, but also you can speak to this thing and make the armor look like anything you like. It would be, yeah, but it doesn't work for monks. You can make it look like robes, or the fanciest golden armor you can think of, or a clown's outfit, or you can make yourself look like Fjord's clothes. It's an instant change of clothes. It's clothes, though, it's clothes. Yeah, that's the first thing I said. It's above average. Studded leather, plus one. And it's endless, it's limitless. Am I reading that right? Should we give this to Yasha? Fjord? Jester? This potion? You should take a look at the mote, and I will assist you, if you care. Do we want it to be one of us? It costs a lot. Oh, you're going up? Do you like a good book? I don't mean for tonight. In general. But you have. One of the books that we found in that ball of fun is about the corruption of plants. I thought you might be. Surely. Mm-hmm. I'm glad you are traveling with us. Just a happy little scry. Yeah. Yeah. That it? Ja. If you want to take some time with that and then we could use it, sure. Okay. Okay. No time like the present. Let's go get to work. One of the nights, while getting into bed and Nott curling up at the foot of the bed as we customarily do-- Ja. I'll wait in the dark and before I think that she has fallen asleep Nott. How do you feel about returning home? So we're just going to buzz through? There's nothing you want to check in on, or--? Sometimes it sounds like you don't have much love for home. One of your clan? Not one of your clan? Oh, okay. No. Well, not besides you. Not besides you. That clan is all right with you? Was there any friction that we should be--? Oh. So, you want to go home briefly, but not to see the clan, but just this one fellow? You are very-- So, we're going around your home, is what you're saying? Ja. Whatever you need. Whatever you need, we'll do. It was pretty interesting though. You did quite well out there. I mean, obviously you were like a goblin in water, but you did quite well out there. I am very pleased with that. I'm also impressed with you. You have a knack. You have the knack. I would know. No. Magic. I'm proud of you. Good night, Nott. Oh my gosh. Thursday show! Friday art show! Saturday live show! It's going to be busy.