I just got a text alert. They just revoked his Emmy. (laughter) You can see the bits of food flying out of his mouth. Oh man, I am going to play that game. That is saying something, because I have no time for my own physical or mental health! It's going to happen. Make it happen. Nah, it was timed about how I wanted it. This is the content you tuned in for. Can I ask a retroactive question? Caleb, and maybe Beauregard, read all of Siff's journal? Was anything more to be gleaned from reading the entire thing? Okay, and then the only other question I have is I don't remember what time of day the party ended the day. If there was time I would've used paper and scrolls to transcribe into my book, if there was time. Okay, good. That sounded like "pooing my pants." Right around her titties? The titty area? Once you have a child, I want you to turn on a dime like a Tartuffe character and be matronly and severe. I wonder if the new proprietor knows there is a dead person in the basement. That is exactly what it is. Well there were no horns, and when you're a skeleton your ears are rotted away so I do not know. It could've been. Do you know that there is a dead person in the basement here? I don't think that's correct, actually. I think it's both things at the same time. I am pretty sure that's incorrect. You can eat anything if you are determined enough. I want to be at Ren Faire. I'm going to start walking towards the other one, the king's thing. Don't worry. If she falls, they kill her. Cha-ching! Come on, one! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! That's all right. You got them out of the way. When we fight a basilisk later, all those ones are gone. Yeah, what sort of game is it that you are running? Well, I just so happen to have three silver on me. It takes one silver to play? At least. Well, I am feeling lucky today and always. Here it is. Does my Keen Mind help me at all in this situation? Natural 20. (cheering) I will go with the center one. I think it is this one right here. I will go with the middle one. I think it's probably the correct place. Two silver. Well, you know, I just wanted to play the game. I'm not trying to make any money. Did you want to do anything here? I give her my two silver. Do me proud. I am going to back up like five or six steps and also do the same thing Nott did. I got a total of 20. Do I get a chance to whisper to her what I saw? Because I want to do the same thing. Yeah okay. Oh, that's not so good. That is a six. Oh, I am a funny guy. Yeah, but you know also, the other day, you gave me 200 gold, so it's not really a problem. I give her the stink-eye as we walk away. I intensify the stink-eye. Did you have a different kind of dream? Beat again. It was called King's Crown. That's what I said. She was very quick, yeah. That'll do, pig. About seven feet away, out of habit, Caleb just went (counting). I haven't had one of those in such a long time. While I start to enjoy my apple, I would like to look around and see if there are any book stalls or book barrels. Perception, you said? 15. Okay, while I was looking round, is there anything besides games and food? Huge long shot probably a no, but do I also see anything about the Cobalt Soul here? Well, you know, I tried to do a little stuff on the sly a little while ago and didn't work out so well. Well, if you can keep eyes off of me for a moment, I can do that if you like. I'm trailing about 40 feet behind Molly. Did you want to play this game? No, she is an excellent shot. She's trained. Sure. How much to play your game? My daughter's crossbow, you want? Well, you know, I'll tell you something. If you want to have a laugh, let's have me do some physical sports, so that should be pretty good. Just a question for you. Should I hit the one in the back, which is highly likely, could we have the doll's weight in rats instead? Is this an attack roll? Let me show my daughter how it is done. Watch my form and technique. I pick up the bow, and I take the stick thing. I pull it back like this. Yeah? (sneezes) The farthest one, obviously. Oh. Aww, no, not at all. That is a three. Hmm. The fretching on that one was probably not very good. Let me try again. Listen, I have read a lot of books. I know it is fretching. Nope. Dang it. The second rolls are always really good! That is an eight. This is not well-crafted. I grab my wire that I use for the message spell, and I put my hair into a little ponytail. (pew) Okay. Oh no. Ten. Full disclosure I have no athletic ability. That went as well as I expected it to. I slap down the silver for it. Yeah. It was two, right? I put down two silver. Now go home and get your fucking shinebox. It really depends on what you have at your disposal. Yeah? A little granny painting furiously. This is like the King of Kong. That's the wang. Those knuckle hairs are like fly legs. Oh. Caleb is going to sneak off while everybody is involved with this. Fist of the North Star! Put him in the body bag! Do that, speak at the same time-- hear ye hear ye. I am on an errand. Oh, well, I'll wait until they wind down, perhaps. It could be a while. Well, back at the Righteous Brand when I snuck out, would it be possible for me to find an alleyway or somewhere secluded so I can cast Disguise Self on myself? Around myself, not as myself. Yeah, okay. Then I would like to look exactly like I do, however, the clothing that I'm wearing is a shade of blue that is similar, but not identical, to the robes that I have seen people from the library of the Cobalt Soul. A similar blue and very large coke bottle glasses. My eyes go all fish-eyed. Everything else is the same. I would like to find one of those people who was dressed like they came from that library that I saw that day with Beauregard. It's investigation, you said? It's a 24. I would like to approach them. Yeah. Excuse me! I'm sorry. May I trouble you for a moment? I know this is untoward in the middle of a festival. Oh, yeah. Again, I am very sorry. I am a traveling writer. I am writing a history of the great cities of the Empire and I have heard wonderful things about the library that is under your stead and I don't know-- I have viewed it from the outside, it is a beautiful structure, but I don't know what it entails to visit it. I was wondering, do you allow outsiders? I don't know if it costs a fee or if you need some sort of letter of recommendation, but I am very eager to learn about the library itself and the city and everything that I can learn about it so I can write more extensive-- it would just mean so much to me. It's all true, though. (laughs) It is a 13. The entire library? Oh, of course. It is far simpler than I had imagined. Thank you so much. Forgive me, this is forward. What is your name? It is a pleasure. This is a different subject almost entirely, but I was wondering, I mean to make a stop at all the great libraries of this city. I was wondering, is it a similar situation at the Hall of Erudition? What was the headmaster's name? Oremid Hass. Oremid Haas is running the Halls of Erudition? Okay. Apropos of nothing, I have heard about this tower attack. That's terrible. I'm amazed it did not fall. Do they accept-- oh, no, they don't accept visitors there. Well, I have taken up enough of your time. I'd like to say thank you. Have a wonderful festival. I turn a corner and fucking book it. What do you mean? I was sightseeing. Where are we right now? Are they all around us or are we off to the side? Okay, so I lean down to tie my shoe and let the cloak fall around me, and I get down between Yasha and Fjord, and when I come up everything is back to normal. It gives me a headache, so I took them off. Exactly what I was saying. I was sightseeing, I was asking about their libraries of the city. Not so many. What? (sniffs) I'm also curious. Is it a bare-knuckles thing, or is no-holds-barred do whatever you want? DM, could you say that crazy-ass name again? Caleb. Beauregard, can you front me 16 gold? There's four more for you. Yeah, and Beauregard is the family name. Kitty. Where did my cat go? The last I see of Frumpkin is where? Okay. I count to six and then I snap my fingers and pull him off of this plane. I have a leather thong or a string wrapped a couple of times-- I'm going to ignore Laura Bailey-- wrapped around my thigh and I will grip it in my hand and say a few arcane words and cast Mage Armor and out from the leather strap around my leg, a light shimmer goes up over the entire body for a split second and is gone. You have not seen me with my clothes off yet. Secret warp zone to level eight, miss that. Do I notice anything? It occurs to me that starting tomorrow, it would be more important than ever that we stick together. All of us. What? Yeah, I talked to some people from there, yeah. Actually, it was not the exact same color. It was a similar color, but not the same color. Beauregard, is there something that you are after here? Nothing pertaining to what we have just learned. If that is what you are looking for, no. I want to enter that library, although tomorrow, anything goes. I don't know. How will you get me into the library? Would I instantly recognize that as the same as the people I spoke to? I mean, there's probably enough to go on here. She's also dressed in blue. She's basically going-- Well, if we're not all dead in 48 hours, maybe we can talk about that again. I drop a little bit of spell components through the box. Caleb is popping his hood up over his head and face. Ten. 18. Would I have been able to cast a spell as we are pushed forward into all this mess? Blur. Matt, I take that back. I'm not going to cast Blur. Sorry, my apologies. As close to the center as is possible. Liam knows what that is. Grody to the max! 18. What if they are like police batons? I pull out a handful of iron powder, and I throw it into the air so it's a big cloud, and my two hands go (sweeping noise), and Yasha grows to twice her normal size. Then I will use my movement to get over to the corner near Fjord. If I could get around it, I would, but I'm sure I don't have enough movement. Yeah, so you're at advantage because of your size and all of your attacks have an additional 1d4. She's 14 feet tall. No, you're six? 12 feet tall. 12-ish feet tall. Doubles it. Your weight is eight times its normal weight. Who do you choose? And your 1d4 for being gigantic. Matt, is that ring for what, concentration? All of the male players are 40 feet back, and all the women are right in there. I am very aware of how many people are in this arena, especially high-powered ones, as I wrap one hand around my forearm and I cast Scorching Ray even though I feel nauseous, and off they go. 26, ten, 16. 15 points of fire damage. I'll take a step five feet that way and as I do so I look over at Fjord and just-- and that's the end of my turn. A minute, so probably the time it takes her to cast that spell and you to run into that hole. Yasha, that should probably end right about (magic fizzles). Natural one! Hundred dollars. I rolled a natural one, so--. Four. You can certainly try. I pull out a cat's paw and say (stuttering) Bad dog. Maximilian's Grasping Cat's Claw comes out by that one there. It has to make a strength saving throw. Ja, but it has to save. 15. Und I will move that ways to make a triangle with the two dogs and myself to get as far away as I can get. Everyone gets advantage on it and it's at disadvantage to hit us. Oh, also, sorry. It takes bludgeoning damage from the attack that I gave it. Six. Super buff, and not just in the game. 15. Oh, strength. That's its action, correct, to break free? It felt its gooch almost rip out. (sympathetic groans) Ah, couldn't see her behind the wall. Is this the same sword we've always seen? I don't remember the word-- Liam doesn't remember the word Wastehunter. Ja, just deadpan, I do this around my hand and I cast three Scorching Rays out of it at this thing. The first does not hit at all, it was a two plus something. The second one hits 19 plus seven is 26. The third one hits 16 plus seven hits. (counting) Four, five, (frustrated noise). Total of nine fire damage. I call out as I walk backwards slowly Fjord, you got this? Good. I walk, deadpan, sideways behind that piece of stone. (laughter) I think that's it. Oh, get it. Finish him. That's good. I'm pretty shit. I could get knocked out by a crownsguard right now. I am snapping my fingers and bringing Frumpkin scarf-like around my neck, under my hood. Just to have him with me. I will stay with Fjord. All right, this is how much time we have to plan in the moment as this is happening. This is about how well we do-- It is hard to walk on two legs, maybe four is better. Yep.