Yeah. From down below inside the bubble of Leomund's Tiny Hut, I pull out the wire and I cast Message up to Fjord and say I have plugged the bottom of the ship, so I think our troubles are behind us now. [laughter] Yeah, I'm inside a giant sphere of glass, basically. No, I cannot do that. I have to stay here in this bubble or the boat will sink, presumably. Well it lasted between ten and 20 minutes while I got this going, but I am not a boat expert. That's Fjord's MO, so I can't say for certain how long this will stay afloat, no. Nein, I cannot do that, but I could walk away from this. Are we all leaving? There are actually pirates above? Okay. I am trying to process this as quickly as I can. I'm glad that I spent all the time making this. Let's go, fuck it. I walk out of Leomund's Tiny Hut. It goes (whooshes), gone. Yeah. As we go up topside, I say quietly to Nott You know, I did not allow for Gallan to go inside the bubble, so it's all the same to him, let's go. Yeah, and going up also, I grab hold of that leather thong that's tied around my thigh and I cast Mage Armor on the way up. Okay. Tally ho. (mocking) Ha ha. You're so pretty! Oh, Phillip. [laughter, cheering] We're all going to die. Just out of curiosity, if I look back over my shoulder, do I still see a boat? I hear her say that, and for ten or 15 seconds, jump into Frumpkin's vision to see what I see. Hey guys, let's steal a boat. It'll be so much fun. [laughter] Caleb died! Are we off on our own a little bit from everyone training guns upon us? What is our plan here? I'm trying to move my lips as little as possible. We go with this for the time being? Then when the moment is right, we get away? Or are we just pirates now? [laughter] I would warrant a guess that we are stuck here for the time being, but I think at a certain point we are going to want to go, and if that happens, all of you, if you see a window in which we can get away, tell Nott or myself, and we will start a snow chain. TRAVIS and We will tell our friends that it's time to get out of here. Just find you or me, and we spread it quickly, so we don't leave anyone behind like we almost fucked off without Caduceus, from the docks. I think for the time being, we are in fact pirates, and that Fjord, you're absolutely correct, learn as much as possible, and when the opportunity is right we leave, but for now, we have to swiff them, they are our new best buddies. Also glancing around for books. Big 11. Yeah, I'm sorry, you have a very thick accent. Sometimes it is-- [laughter] Was I eating cheese? My perception is so low! (laughter) I thought that was a metaphor. I have a good sense of it! Caleb is in the background, pulling cheese from the wall. [laughter] Well, clarifying question, did Avantika just watch Fjord yell at Nott, "That shit is in my body"? I want to know. You beat me to that by like 0.2346 seconds. Yeah, absolutely, this is an advantageous moment for all of us. If we can help you and your hentai cult achieve your goal-- [laughter] We'll all come out as winners. This is true if my name is Philip. Yes, Jumanji Costco, clear as day. The tradition continues! Also, if we're leaving the chamber and there were all those people outside with the Percy sticks-- Yeah, if there's any out, maybe there's not, but the thing I'm going to do leaving is to try to subtly get a good look at size, what I think they are capable of. 12. Can I see at least, is it this or this? Oh, okay. So most everyone here is packing, then. I feel like we are learning a lot about you right now, and not from you. Are we alone? [laughter] I pull out the wire in view of everyone, and cover my hands and say to Fjord Is there anything that you maybe want to tell us about that you haven't already? Well, I would have to ask the DM. I don't know about this. That bubble, I don't know if it is soundproof at all because I just got that spell. I don't think it is. Yeah, I would-- Well, you were upstairs, so only if you're screamers. You have, I'm speaking very quietly amongst Jester's whispers. You have been having-- This is an ongoing dream that you have been having? Three or four times, you have had a dream with a thing that has a giant eye like the one on your sword, and like the inner motifs of this woman's office? Yeah, okay. Were you able to summon a scary transparent tentacles before that explosion on the boat and those dreams happened? Were you vomiting seawater before you had those dreams? Or making a sword come out of the palm of your hand before that explosion? No judgements here, but is it safe to say that you have been under-sharing with us? Every single thing? Seems pretty relevant. Yes, this was my next question. I, personally, was thinking about getting the hell out of here, but. We are here for you, and you want to understand what is happening to you. Yeah, I think we are, you know, we're friends. I think we're trying to figure out where we-- We are friends. But-- Addendum now we are friends with a giant squid being with a giant eye, so I'm just trying to-- Ouroboros, giant eyes, lots of tentacles. I mean we've all read stories of sea creatures. I'm just vibing here, go with me. The point is-- That is the point. [cheering] I think we are past the point of secrets here. We need to know what is what. Not straight charisma? The hunt for Fjord's third ball continues. [laughter] Yeah, this is too simplistic, it could be both. For now, we are allies. For now, we work together to figure out his problem. If we have to eventually (throat croaking). Is that a stealth on all of us, too? You snuck out on us? Is it a guy in like a Costco T-shirt? Also, in your ear, very quiet, you hear Oh hey, is everything okay? Going well? Caleb's Alarm spell is going, ding a ling a ling. Would you do me a favor, just as a rule, maybe keep that ten feet away from me, please? No, it's useful, just you know, oil and water. He shit under the chair. Why not both? Before this goes any further, because I'm fascinated-- I would like to attempt to go into Frumpkin, the one-ounce elf owl, if possible. Yeah, I remember where that room was, so Frumpkin is taking a little fly around. I think they're about to get naked. Caleb can't hear any of this, but in the middle of the room he says It is getting very kinky in that room. It's just so much, you guys, it's just so much. I thought they were going to make bumsen, but it did not happen. Question. I am still watching her. [cheering] I know it's confusing; I like to stay inside this Zemnian accent so much, but I did not say that out loud. That was for the DM. Yeah, I did not stop watching her after he left. What is she doing? Okay. Just a ten. So she did some arcane shit. Did she also look very hot and bothered? Yeah, well, so after you, you know, made the flirt talk, that I was watching. Oh, they were both pouring it on pretty thick. That's a subjective thing, my friend. Anyway, she is very interested in you and after you left her room, I watched a little bit longer and she did some cutting. She dropped a little bit of her blood on a miniature altar or something. Do you do this? Yeah, she stood on a stool and she did a little. She seemed very maniacal, is the word that I would choose. She seemed very driven. I mean, it sounded like she wanted power and a lot of it. Fjord, if we venture into this sticky wicket, do you share even in a small way similar desires as this woman? Do you want to control the sea? Well, you are grappling with a great deal of power, we have watched you do it. Are you trying to understand this thing better, be free of it, master it? Yeah, I place the elf owl back on Beauregard's shoulder and go to sleep. Also, why did you talk so funny for a moment? You sounded like you had a different accent for a moment there, Fjord. Except that I pull Beau back while everyone proceeds upstairs. Speaking as a massive liar, I think he is lying to us a little bit. Sure. One eye open. I don't think he knows what he wants yet. No, I'm the authority on knowing what I want, Beauregard. He spoke with a different accent for a split second. Yeah, to a purpose, not when he is waking up instantly. Okay. I walk upstairs.