Ah, it a dragon! Yes. (imitating record played backwards) Thank you, Satan. I like tortles. Before we leap in, could you give a quick physical description again of the two archmages? Also elven? At the apothecary, not where we are? Two separate locations. We need to go now. Right now. These things we have, we have to get them out of here. Now, please. We heard someone describe the operatives from Xhorhas coming up out of the ground over by the farmlands, correct? Yeah, that's a good question, but also we just stole some very important things and we saw what is probably the owners going into the building. Is there anything we need to do in this town now to help you do what you need to do here, or can we leave? Is this person you're looking for here, do you know? Do you have any ideas? We were being stared at as we came through here. Is anyone else-- Is there anyone coming? Do we hear anything? Natural one. By the farmlands. Are we going to... I don't want to talk in town. What do you think that your child made of that? Cut off the "is". We're in the wagon? (deep breath) Mist. Your name is... Veth. My name was... Bren Aldric Ermendrud. Was. I, uh... I have been using you all. I am from Rexxentrum. I attended the Soltryce Academy, and I was plucked by one of the Cerberus Assembly with a few others, and was being trained to do the kinds of things that I fear may have been done to-- Ja. And.... a lot of big plans for me that didn't pan out, and I went a little crazy. And I ran away. I ran away. I've been on the run for a long time, and I was tired of starving. And I met... I met you and was a little less hungry for a while. I have just been afraid for a long time, and two of the people in that town over there are on the Cerberus Assembly. I know who they are. I don't think so, but I have walked past their portraits at school many times. One of them is the head of the Cerberus Assembly. There's good teachers there. It's everything that they describe it to be, but after going there for several months, one of the Assembly, who also would teach on occasion, started interviewing me, calling me in and asking me a lot of questions. He put me in advanced class, me and a few others. I don't want you all to be seen with me, because if you are seen with me by one of them, they will use you to get to me. You met the man who trained me. His name is Trent Ikithon. I'm not a very good person. I'm worried about your husband. I know the things that they can do. And I start to unwrap one of my arms. No, I have been wearing bandages on my arm, and there are little, very faint scars all up the arm. They are scars, faint scars, from cuts. He used to put crystals in-- he experimented on us, on the three of us. He was trying to strengthen us. No. The first time I had ever seen that word was in your libraries, just haphazardly scrawled into a book, no explanation. No, everything was for Empire. We were being trained to serve our Empire, above all else. He was a little mad, himself. That is-- he was mad. He believed that the unwashed masses relied on their base instincts and the highest calling was to rise above the muck and control the cattle for the good of all. But we were-- are-- at war. Many of us felt that way-- feel that way. I don't believe in anything now. Yes. I don't want one more thing on my head, to have you guys-- it's probably too late, anyway. The Cerberus Assembly are the most powerful mages in the Empire. Over two centuries ago, a number of mages went to war in the streets of Rexxentrum. It was bloody and awful, and eventually they came to a truce and banded together and proposed to the king at the time that they serve as an advising body alongside the throne. I don't know for sure, but there is a reason why I did not use anything like that back there. I don't know. It is something to do with the thing. But I don't know why him. Was he gifted? In his work? That is what is written about there, it talks about-- Listen, I don't pretend to know what we're talking about, but it does not seem like anything that I ever studied. It says they were looking for a way to achieve their ends without the object. I don't know what they need. I hope he is alive, I truly do. They will make his life very painful, though. Ja. The city of Rexxentrum. They're based there. And the Empire. They are close to as powerful-- arguably more powerful than the King. We watched Lunidus Da'leth appear 200 feet in front of us. Maybe. I used a lot of names. Caleb is just what I told you. I don't know. Caleb; let's stick with Caleb for now. (stuttering) I honestly don't know if we can-- if we are up to this. Unless they're en route on land, maybe, but... that's all the might of the Empire. They're both elves. Vess DeRogna-- I'm sorry, no. Vess DeRogna is the Archmage of Antiquities. She is half a recluse. She taught at the school-- not me, or years above me. TRAVIS and She's a historian. She knows-- she has uncovered mysteries of the past, they would say at school. She's a history buff and awful as well, probably. Da'leth is Domestic Protection. He is the head of the military. If they are both here, I would imagine that he is here overseeing all of the Red Brands we saw and she is probably here trying to figure out what's in that bag. They could be combing the Empire for it. Thank you. 19. More than one, yeah. We saw an attack on the tower in Zadash. That was ages ago at this point. And now they're well into the Empire. What about the annexes? The annexes? People who-- it was in the lore that you shared with me. These papers conjecture that in Ghor Dranas they are able to control fate and time. Clearly it was stolen from them and brought here, so it could be the source of their presence here. Ja, it was a note scrawled to the side of a book. It said that the Cerberus Assembly was looking into some sort of new arcane study and the word "dunamis" was written. That was it. I was studying history, and-- I need to become more powerful if I want to do anything. Look at me. I am a string bean, I am weak as it comes. I am weak. Look at that. Look at her. You have no guns. That was an exaggeration that day. You are just fast and quick and talented. Ja. (sighs) I... Oh, Jester. I am glad you see good in me. Okay. I will consider it heavily. I don't doubt any of you at all. (louder) You too! That one will be off-camera. No. The elder gentleman started the Cerberus Assembly over 250 years ago. That's a tangible goal that we can do. It all depends on how he reacts if Caduceus is able to contact him. A couple of us tonight-- not me, but a couple of us could check the town out, and ask some questions, and ask if many people were taken away or not. LAURA and Hood up and I'm still dirty as sin. I have a decent amount of molasses, if you like. Well, one is the bee poop; but molasses comes out of a tree. The umlaut's over the second F. Hey, Laura. Hey, Laura. That's a pretty good penis you drew over there. It's very lifelike. Looks like some stuff happened there, too. Pretty good. Are you talking about what Nott and I do or what you do? That's between you and your god, Jester. Is it dark yet? I'm no expert on worms, but I would imagine that it is more collapsed earth than open space. They chew their way their way through the earth and poop out the remains. We don't know. We don't really know. Yeah, but they can do that in a basement. We have no idea how deep the blockage goes. We plan everything. To do...? I did not say that it is heavily fortified, although I'm sure it is. It is the largest city in the empire. When I lived there-- and it was only briefly when I was at school-- I could go anywhere in the city I wanted because I'm a citizen of the empire. The largest city in the empire? That would be hard to attack. Not the name. Not the group. None of it. (sad trombone) Little floating trombones. (sad trombone) (whispering) Ask about the chair. Ghor Dranas. Xhorhas. I also had notes, and I read a book at the Cobalt Soul about Xhorhas. I have all that. Oh, 17. Beast folk. What do you mean? Have you ever heard of something called the Luxon? The Luxon. I'm not sure. I read about them, or it. I don't what it is. Something that is having some sort of negative effect on the people of Ghor Dranas. This, everything we've been talking about. It says in there that they control fate and time. Ja, I have read this. All around Ghor Dranas. An empress runs it named Leylas Kryn. We are focusing on your fellow. There are beasts in the north, but Yeza is not. Gentlemen, we can't fight in here. Nott, can you make yourself look like him? He seems like an interesting fellow. That's a symbol. The person's more important. So we have to come up with a plan for what we are doing. Rexxentrum is its own set of problems and dangers. Your husband is heading towards Xhorhas and a war. I am not feeling very optimistic about the tunnels, but I have been wrong about many things. So why don't we check out the tunnels? Let's do something positive. Should we hire someone to go with them as muscle? Take care of your family. That's two "stop it"s tonight. Well, I imagine the same guards will be out there again. Are we just going to plunge on in and try to-- We just won Dungeons & Dragons, guys. We'll be lucky if we can proceed. I don't think we can take the cart with us. It's worth just checking the box. Perhaps it connects to a larger cave system that they used-- we don't know-- but the cart cannot come. Yeah, I will cover the cost of that. Excuse me, how much would it cost to house our cart here for a month? A month. Not a problem. Here you are. One. Two. For a brief period of time, yeah. Brief. Yeah, for a minute. Oh jeez. Creatures. All the way to the right, Creatures. Creatures is over here, so Actions, blah blah blah, all of them are right-- Tap it and then search. Just start typing in a name. Then use... Google. For a badger, a honey badger? As high as challenge rating what? Get us to the Underdark, Laura! Take us to the Underdark. Pick, pick, pick, argh! Oh, this new item. It follows me. I know, I was just curious about my new-- Okay. Yeah, and the tripod. No. The hole that was dug by our honey badger? Yeah. As a point, can I tell if we're walking into any bullshit? Ja, okay. Real bad nine. No, I'm going to pull them back to me and lose three of them, and pull out that rag that I carry around, and cover them so that it's even dimmer. My transmutation stone is set so that I can see in dim light. Who wants to walk with me? Do you hear anything? Do you see any kind of traps left behind? The people could put them on the ground or anywhere. From everything I read, Ghor Dranas is mysterious and exotic, so let's press on. I'm going to start walking forward. Da da da! LIAM and They might have a little mini-base. I don't like it, it makes me nervous. Argh, damn it! Self-fulfilling prophecy. MATT and I rolled a one. (triumphant gibberish) Six! Yeah! Plus two. I have 47 hit points, I am invincible! Spell Sniper, man. He's healing at distance. He's healing for speed-- Cheers.