Yaas, queen! She's working her butt off. Working her butt off. We're going to jump in the chat. We're going to jump in the shat. We're going to shat in the chat tomorrow night during the show. Do I see the shirt waiting in the wings right now? We do. That fish looks so disturbed. Well, you know, all told, I think that went very well. It could've been worse; they attacked us, unprovoked. I know that we were not exactly normal-seeming to them, but we did not get threatening with them. They made the first move, and it just unraveled from there, what can you do? Sometimes, you just have to follow the cabbages in front of you. What did you say? I will go down as well. Is it better to pull it out or leave it in place? We're just going to leave hole in his head like Phineas Gage? I'm just going to move the axe head a centimeter or two. As soon as Cad's hands start to glow, I yank the axe out of his head. Caduceus is America tonight. Jester, this is your axe. Ja. Well, buddy, we're at sea now. We are not at the dock any more. You are trapped with us. We have questions and I don't want to alarm you. None of us want to put an axe in your head or anything. Right, we want to just get along. We're all tired. I'm tired, but I'll go to work if I need to. 18. The easy route is what I'm talking about. Good decision. We have a lot of questions, so tell us everything. The Squalleater. Gesturing to the desk and all the burned papers What's all this, then? What was this that we can't read anymore? Like? Take care of him. I pull out the book and I begin to do the ritual for Comprehend Languages to see if that will help with the code. It's a long shot, but I'll give it a shot. I'm doing a ritual spell for 11 minutes. D&D! Oh wow, so it spread out blank from-- that's cool. The code was where? You said there was a code, I thought? Yeah, it takes ten-ish minutes to do Comprehend Languages, and if I'm touching-- It is ten minutes plus one minute as a ritual. So yeah. Casting time one action, plus ten minutes. You're talking about a place, an island, a building? And you've made this trip yourself? What are the risks one would encounter trying to traverse this area? Oh. Did my spell trigger yet? Only because I want to say, the name as it is, is fairly appropriate. We might want to change it to change up our appearance and stuff. Do you know what Mist means in Zemnian? It means shit. Yeah, manure. Crap, it means crap. It's pretty on brand for us, honestly. You've been doing it for several months now, Jester. We're going to add on to-- Mistake is funny, too. I like that. Can I read this code? Okay. See these squiggles here? This is either just supplies, or maybe they are trying to make booby traps for their island. I don't know. Little ridge that he's not used to. Do you have any weapons left on you? Does he have it now, or has he chucked it? That's water under the bridge. We just don't want any new problems, yeah? And there's a lot of us here; so it would be foolish to do anything, right? You just got a come-up. You got a new pet. Thaddeus Klossowski von Musel. Then you'll have two balls. You recognise those specific points there? We came here for the two of you. What are you after? Why would we not want to go to this place? Yeah, north is that way, and I point north. Or you could put Zemnian and Common together and make it the Shit-ake, if it's the Mistake. Does someone need to man the ship at night when most of us are sleeping? Can we do that without any sailing experience? How far off? The other thing we could do is find a place on the Menagerie Coast a good ways away from where we departed and some of us could try to find a crew. Also, we left the cart behind. (whispers) Saved by the Bell style. I wander over. What do you mean, that they started it? No, I'm good. Today was not optimal by any means, but we have helped our friend's mother and she is better off. The things on the dock did not go great-- no one would use the word great-- but we did not draw a blade on them or do anything, they attacked us. We kept ourselves alive, we kept our friends alive. I did not expect us to be departing Jester's hometown quite so quickly, but here we are. We're all alive, we're helping another one of our friends. This is not our home. I would not say that we have shit on everyone else's. Which part specifically troubles you most? Is it the fact that the town might be without power for a little bit? They can adapt. They have to adapt. People have to adapt. And that creature down there, he's doing better. You can't have a society built on slavery. Well, there were a lot of innocent people in that death hole and they're alive because of you. Jester's mother is better off because of you. Alfield is better because of you-- you have done a lot of good. Well, they attacked us. Well, we can't leave without a crew. This works out for you, you were going to get a boat. Know where you want to go? These crackers are terrible. That's why it's a bad cracker. Who here cannot change their appearance? You? That's it. Okay. You've got the boat. We would be exhausted. What about pulling into a cove outside of the city a couple of miles and walking in? We can either pull the name off of the boat or alter it. MARISHA and I am, too. Quiet subterfuge instead of loud subterfuge which is what we've been doing. Maybe the crew turned on their captain and killed him on the docks and fled with his ship, ja. Fjord, can the boat just be adrift if a couple of us stay up in shifts to make sure that there are no enemies? None of us know how to steer this thing except for Fjord. I think we just need to cool it. Why are you talking so funny? Sit up with me for a little bit. We'll take the first shift. You. Nott the Brave. LAURA and Yeah, late morning. Can I just take a moment with my goblin friend while they're sleeping? Come here, look. I want to show you something. You want a piggyback? Skitter up. You see the sun is coming up, but you can still see one or two up there. You see that one? That's a planet, that one. That's another place. Today was a major clusterfuck. Everything went wrong. We did all the wrong things. No. But do you know what worries me more is the feelings I'm getting from everyone in the crew. They're a little despondent. All of them. I know that it didn't go very well, but, this is our new family, right? We want the family to stick together. I think we need to-- oh you're over here. I think we need to lead by example. Keep their morale up, I think, is all I mean. We have done good things, I know that the day was-- it was a day. But we want this to keep going. We care for these people, ja? We definitely need to think more than just wing it, you know? This group, we get under each others' skin, and we all egg each other on and we like to wing it, so maybe we need to slow things down. But I am serious, the thing that I am worried most is they feel like it's fracturing, and we cannot let that happen. Also, are you mad about the swimming thing? Tell you when I'm going to mess with your head a little bit? I thought it would help. (whispering) They're losing their cool. I don't know if you're joking or not, but I'm going to do it. And there really is another world. Fine. Independently. It's a perception? 22. That was good work. I don't know, couldn't the name of this boat be on a ledger or something somewhere? But also, "The Mist" is printed on the side of the boat. We have not changed that, have we? You're an artist. How close to the shore do we get with the ship? The ship proper. You picked a sailor, man. Jester has fixed the sail. Also the Fireball went off the side of the ship, so the edge of the ship would be burned. Okay. The dockmaster is the one person who's in charge of the whole area. How about mac 'n' cheese? I would say that I look like a somewhat plump, good, Zemnian boy, blond, and a little rounder. Ja, a little bit! Don't make me run, I'm full of chocolates! I saw Fjord talking to the wharfmaster, so I will wait until Fjord is finished, and then I will go up and talk to him as well. Excuse me, we have been doing very well on our travels at sea, and we are looking to share the duties and want to hire a bigger crew. I know there's many docks around here, but why wouldn't I start here, of course. Do you know-- is this a good place, is there anyone who's looking for work right now? We're going on a journey, oh, you know, three or four or five or six weeks, perhaps. One-time job. Oh, I'm so sorry, did you cover that already? Excellent. For real though, like a real-world Cap'n Crunch? Carpenter, captain, so we need a boatswain. What came between boatswain and navigator? Okay. Seafloor Bounty. Do you know what this is reminding me of, though? Is getting the crew for our keep in the last home game. The rumor we're trying to spread is what they already think. Yes, more often than a hundred years. Rumors only grow. Find that navigator. Did we find the rest? Oh. 14. I do not. Was it within the last month? Then you have to tell me who it is. She said Orly, you didn't confirm it! Yeah, we'll walk there. We need turtle power. Ja. Offer money from the get-go. No. Just say, your messages, you put it Your friends from the other night. That's it. Eight left? Do you know who you're talking to? We all look different from the last time that we have met. We came to see you, we talked about that we-- a man named-- We like the look of you. We have a good job and big money. A week, yeah, it's-- Well, I have 20 gold. A full Scottish send off when we leave. It breathes better in open space. Nice, nice, nice. Rose gold. Roads. It's just like roads. Off roading it or roading it? Sure. There's tentacles on the map? TGIF flair, is all that is. Ja, of course. We are The Mighty Nein, not to be trifled with. Welcome to The Mighty Nein, Caduceus. No, she means your hands. Could it just be talk? For instance, there is a rumor of a ghost girl on the docks back in the Menagerie Coast we heard circulating. This thing that you want to do, this mission-- I'm sorry, I overheard last night-- is there a place that it needs to happen, or is it something that you will do wherever you go on the road? Beep! Mutiny! "Wow, this quinoa's pretty good!" 17. The perception check was for at night during a shift? All throughout the whole day, okay. Could we say that Beau and-- Look at Fjord. He is the captain now. One quick thing. You know, I want to thank you. You could have told any of these people anything about me and you have not. I know. You have every right to. I hope you don't. I don't know how all of them would handle it. Be that as it may, I have something for you. I bring Frumpkin out in his new speckled elf owl form, which is the smallest owl on the planet. He weighs one ounce. The tiniest little owl that ever existed. This is a loaner. You can have him for roughly a week. No, this is the way owls are supposed to be. I place him. He's going to listen to you. Yeah. A couple rules. He will listen to you. Will you listen, Frumpkin? Frumpkin nods. Okay. If you need to get him out of danger in a hurry, you say "split." That's what it will take. You'll need me to bring him back, but if he's in danger and you want to keep him for your week loaner, you say split. Okay? He's yours. Thank you. Yeah? Oh hey. Rub a little phosphorus on and-- send a globule of light 120 feet in every direction from the boat, four of them, to see if there's anything. Matt'll do it. We've been doing therapy talks for two and a half hours, Matt has to wake up now. We're on combat. Nein. Oh no, I was saying no in German, excuse me. I did not roll a nine. Ja. Five. 16. I'm sure some stuff was added to the ten. How far up the mast could you say I could climb with my movement? Is that half speed? Okay. How high does the mast go? Nevermind. I will stand at the mast and I will pull a white feather out of my coat and trace a baleful glyph in the air and cast Fear, and they must make a wisdom saving at 16. Anything within 30 feet of Caleb. Enemies. 16 wisdom save. Yeah, that's it. Auf Wiedersehen! They have to be out of line of sight. If they can see there's me on the boat-- That's what the spell says. See ya! You motherfucker. Max damage! Bop bop! Yeah, high rolls! Come on, Beauregard! Caleb clutches his chest and cries out and falls to the floor of the boat. (gasping) Ja, sure. It's pretty good. 20. (strained) That's not what I was expecting! Oh, thank goodness! You know I'm such a fearful person. I'm always getting scared of things and that one was too much for me. I look over at Nott. Caleb is beet red. Beet red. Face matches his hair. No, we just need to not be attacked by anything anymore, we need to just stop pursuing our pursuits, and pick an island and stay there. I feel pretty good, I feel like-- This is feeling like it's going too far, Nott. Is it hot? Feels hot. Some bone broth, maybe? I rolled for him last week and he appropriately only has one hit point. Take a huff. (pirate voice) Dead men tell no tales. I am not able to do that. I start working on Leomund's Tiny Hut. It's going to take some time. Ten minutes. 11 minutes, yeah. Correction for me, not 11 minutes, 20 minutes. Still doing it. I'm making the tiny hut, but I don't know how much time has passed while I was peeing. A ten-foot radius, immobile dome of force springs into existence around and above you and remains stationary for the duration. Environment or weather can't get in, so that's up to you if the ocean can get in or not. It is totally transparent. All of us can look through it and see into the ocean. SAM and Eight hours. I can certainly, 20 minutes in advance, get it going again. As long as I can focus, indefinitely. The white flag. Yeah, no more Grog. (excitedly) Yeah! Boats in New York. Just lost the southern tip. You heard it here. Next week in New York, live on stage. Your shipping dreams and your shipping dreams are coming true.