It is the best day! So much is going on. My nephew is here, so many things are happening behind the scenes. It is the best day! So on this show where Ashley is about to leave, baby Baileyham has just been born, I'm in the woods, and we're about to move, you decided to wear that for the entire episode? As long as that is on your face, you will get no sugar from me, Sam Riegel. Do we want to leave it up to chance that we'll run into those two kids, that they will not succeed, or we'll find them? Jester, could we perhaps hold on to your backpack before you go so that we have that in case we need it? Well, I feel it is fairly obvious, but okay, as you were. Ja. Okay, so what are we doing now? It is animated by magical means? I am sorry, I don't understand. You say they're too busy to deal with it. Have they got it locked away in a vault while it just stomps around? Yeah, they certainly have nothing to lose. We are a group of people claiming we're here to deal with their issue. We either die doing it or solve the problem. (chuckles) Being as the man's daughter is standing here with us, perhaps we will pass on that idea. Yes, I have questions about it as well. Oh. Natural one. It's a good half-life. Yeah, so Herr Tinkertop, once we are to get past these defenses, would dispelling its arcane nature shut the machine down? The nutshell protecting that core needs to be defeated first? And does it have any capabilities of attacking at range? Would it be foolish to have you speak on our behalf to usher us in? Yes, you're finally ready to make amends, et cetera. I have honey. Yeah. I have that as well. I have molasses. I will tell you that in a few minutes, actually, if that's all right. It's industrial grade, it is not for baking. I am quite sure. Did I stutter? That is a good question, Yasha. I don't cook with it, I use it for arcane things. I have about the amount of a plum, wrapped in-- That would be even better, if we could get our hands on-- That is a good idea, Fjord. Also, Fjord, congratulations on this, your most auspicious day. Yeah. Get your sleep while you can, and don't use the exercise ball to rock him to sleep because then they get addicted to it, and that's the end of your sleep life yourself. Oh, no. Yeah. This is silly. I take off the cloak that I've been wearing for a week or so now, and I just put it over the man's head. No, oh, sorry. SAM and To disguise his appearance. I have an idea. I could summon Schmidt, and it would be a slow process, but he could carry it a couple of inches, low to the ground, and wait, and then go a couple of feet. Oh, let's see. Oh, it is about that distance. So it might be just shy or-- let's give it a whirl. Just give me ten-ish minutes. That's not bad. I pull a book out of my holster and flip to the right page and start muttering. Does anyone want to do anything in those nine minutes left? Ja. Schmidt, one second. You two, circus people. Mollymauk. Could-- ah, that's cute. Could the two of you do something fabulous over there? Ja. I preemptively send Schmidt over to the closest bucket. Ja, that is correct. Here's a question. I'm sorry. How wide apart-- is it bars, the fence? What kind of fence do we have? So that bucket is not going between any of that. Nott, would you be able to use your invisible hand to lift that up and over? Okay. So when he crashes, right at that moment, I ask Schmidt to move the bucket three feet closer to us. Low to the ground. Oh boy, another ten feet towards me. Yeah, we don't want it off the ground. I'll try to edge it a little closer still. I'd like to get it near the fence, if I can. Okay, then I'm just going to wait for the right moment. Then I'll have Schmidt lift it over his head, but not yet. Oh, jeez, I go-- That's how you do it. You set them up, and knock them down. Not life, just this campaign, Taliesin. Let's heat that tar up before entering. Of course. You have tasked experts with this job. Spiritual Weapon is a good idea. That is incorrect. (clears throat) I can speak when I have to. No I can just talk. And what will happen when we go inside here? Are you locking us in? Until which. Okay Nott, can you lift that thing up for me? Well, it's going to scald the bejeezus out of your hands if I-- Well, I could semi-burn your hands, or not burn Nott's make-believe one. Everybody back away from this bucket. And I crackle my hands and send a Fire Bolt at the bottom of it. That is the most relaxed that spell has ever gone. Yasha, could I borrow a torch from you? So your hands are free to work. Danke. Let's try diplomacy. Wow indeed. I sneak up behind Nott. (whispering) I can open this if you need me to. I just like to save my shit. Also if I were to unlock it, it would be loud, so that's not good. Oh, that's good. 19. Okay, we can check this off our list, probably. There are some dead inmates in here. While people are moving around the room I whisper Just for our options here. If we want to kick this off and don't mind getting its attention, I can magically unlock this door here, which will make a sound, and then instantly lock it. If we wanted to, we could all hustle inside here, and maybe attack at range? Just as an option. Well I could be wrong, but with what I know how to do, I don't think it can do that to this door, for a short amount of time. Well, I'm talking about magic. I can magically seal this door. Unless it has a way to deal with that, it will not be able to get through. That is 15. "Impassable until it is broken, or the spell is dispelled or suppressed." Okay. Yeah, instantly. So you bruisers, you're staying out here? Wait. I do not have the components I need for Arcane Lock. Damn it. A lot of gold dust. Into the last unexplored room. Yeah, okay. I'm going to back as far away from that door as I can, and I will send Frumpkin in. Ladies. Yep. Oh. I don't have the cat paper with me in this state that I'm in, because I didn't know I'd be playing. So I rolled a 15. I snap Frumpkin out of there. Sam, can you take a new picture and send it to me? Six. [no audio] SAM and Can you hear me right now? Yeah! Okay. I'll go, but I can't see. The map is a pixelated mess of shit from my point of view. After Mollymauk cleared the way, is the thing on its own? Is it in a 40-foot cube of empty space, or are any of my allies in it? Slow is out the window. I pull out my clay cat's paw and mutter a few words, and I will cast Maximilian's Earthen Grasp. A soil cat's paw comes up out of the ground and swipes. It needs to make a strength save. 16. 16. It's held in place, and it takes 2d6 damage. Hold on. It takes five points of bludgeoning damage. It has to use an action to break out. If I can squish even one square further away from it, I would. Just a reminder that everyone is rolling at advantage while the Cat's Paw holds it. Meanwhile, Travis is somewhere singing "Dear Theodosia." Shield. So it misses. Oh, that will hit. Those will hit. That's not going to be good. Good, good, good. I also have to make a concentration check. Hold on. I rolled a three. Well, it's still there. It's just not holding it. Wait, no, it's gone. Matt, was that 17 points of damage? Yeah. (coughing) That's rough, buddy. What comes after Jester and I in the initiative order? Yasha does, and then the thing? Yeah, I know. I'm having trouble thinking straight because there is a blade through my gut and my rib cage. So I grasp the cat's paw again, I don't try to pull myself loose, and I cast Maximilian's Earthen Paw again. Strength save. Bad. 20. I spun myself like a pinwheel. Low. On what? Nothing's up. That failed last time, didn't it? It can use a strength save to break out of it and it exists, but if I fail my concentration check, it goes, right? The second time it succeeded immediately. It stays there? Great! Then that means it's staying there. Yes, sir. 12. Don't throw away your shot. That was a Chow Yun-Fat moment. Yasha. Could you please come cast Pull This Lamppost Out of My Stomach? Who gets what now? From Jester? I'm coming. Caleb stops mid-somatic gesture and says, "Ah, fuck this," and goes back to the first door and has a short rest. Eins, zwei, drei, vier. Back at the front gate, leaning against Beauregard Eh, what is that? Is that your blood-- or is that mine? (snoring) Yeah, I have a little bit left in me, Mollymauk. Will you help me up, please? (grunting) Okay. Point me at the thing. I turn to Mollymauk and say Yeah, the only thing magical here is you, friend. Pat pat on the cheek. I wander back over to Beauregard, and I go to sleep again. Make a Fu-Manchu check. You picked us specifically. Look at it this way one path we could take is that you are the mastermind who hired the right people for the job and everything is perfect. The other path, we talk about how we came in and fixed things you could not. Ja, I think that’s a fair deal. Jester, would you mind settling this debt for us? Your gold, Laura, or your maternal bond. You choose! Man, don't I know it. Thank heavens for little blessings. This could be our chance to find a good home for her. You like these kids, Kiri? Ja? You know, you spend enough time with us-- Beauregard and I here almost died tonight. You're just a little girl. You should be playing with these kids, not playing with us. What about you, Mom and Dad? In exchange-- Beauregard. We get into trouble quite a bit. I feel guilty bringing this young girl with us. We've gone to great lengths to get you out and all-- I can't speak for the group, but all I ask is that you give this girl some parents. A what? I tag along with Beauregard. Hey, Beauregard. That felt pretty good last night. Helping somebody. Do something good. I get the sense that you have bigger plans than that, even. Cobalt. Monk. I get a sense. Well, that's just semantics. I have a feel about you. You and change. I don't think that you and I have the same plans, but I think they might overlap. I would be willing to help you. How do you mean? Evil? Surely neither of us are evil, Beauregard. Yeah, I like that. I think I can help you. I think you can help me. I think we can do some good here. MARISHA and I will do my best, Beauregard. Yasha! What is on your mind? You're very quiet. You're not thinking about leaving us again, are you? Well, you tend to go mum for a while, and then you're gone. You’re very useful for us! We could do great things together, the not-nine of us. I hope you're not thinking of leaving. Well, no one's going to bully you into a decision, but we're all happy to have you here. You know, my muscles are big. They can accomplish a lot, but we do better with you around. It was just a feeling I had. I understand. Nott and I. With advantage? You got-- okay. Here comes. Oh, big eight. Oh man, what a foursome. Holy shit. We did the right thing with Kiri. We did drain Laura’s coffers, though. There was that. No, she doesn’t! Is that true? You’re leaving? Don’t go. Stay here! And play D&D for weeks and years at the old folks’ home. MATT and Yeah, we are. No, I feel like I’m in a bunker underneath the ocean. There’s just a half a second of delay and that’s all it takes to make feel like I’m 80 feet away. Can I be Terence Stamp? --Baryshnikov of Dungeons & Dragons. Just you wait, Travis Willingham! The chickens are all coming home to roost! Not misery.