I liked long-haired Sam. We hold hands the whole time. What are those things coming out of the shell? Green tubes? What do they do? Caleb Widogast. (makes farting sound with chair) (laughter) Tell us a story, Orly. It's just called the Sluice. I'm trailing him. Yep, trailing. Do you live in these parts, or are you just passing through? Apologies, did we catch your name? Oh, my name is Caleb Widogast. Caleb Widogast, and this is my friend Fjord. Well. not specifically to Fjord, but to our group. We are an odd bunch, a collection of people, so you know, we tend to get our noses in things. When we need to be at sea, we have Fjord. When we need to crunch numbers, we have me, and we have others as well. Ja. Two only? Do you have room for-- well, it's just six right now. This is certainly possible. You are heading back to Marquet, you say? We'll keep it in mind. Oh also, I'm sorry, if I could round back for a moment to that tower. I know you don't know much, but it sounds like you've been here longer than we have. Have you heard anything about it? It's so odd. Agreed. Yeah, we sailed with her. Vox Machina sailed with her. Yeah, have I ever heard of this boat in all my readings? Completion! The full set! What are the odds? Pretty slim. What are you doing here? Immediately? You need to get on a boat? Today, tomorrow, or--? Could we get a couple bottles of wine over here, please? Fine wine. You know, I've changed my mind. The price on that-- Give me the Two Buck Chuck, please. For the basic bitch wine, correct? You're feeling a calling? It's probable. It has not been verified. Yeah, you know, your standard angry creeper. Oh no. I'm still struck by the fact that you have walked into this tavern where we are. It means something. Is what I'm saying. Ja. He was crucial in us getting the three of you out. It is funny how you keep showing up though, like a bad penny. As soon as the animals come out, I go to talk to the barkeep. From the bar it seems very doubtful. Excuse me. You know, I'm still working on the first one, but I love your establishment-- Ja. I will take a backup, you are correct. While you're pouring, I had a question for you. My friends and I, we have just rolled into town, and while we were walking through, we noticed this very strange tower here. It's so bizarre, what is that place? That grows and shrinks when you walk toward and away from it. Don't know the name. Just being casual, you know. I ignore her like usual. Well, it's just that it changed-- oh, thank you-- it's just that it changed proportions the closer we got or further away from it, it didn't seem natural. Whose is it? That's it, he's a mystery to the city, I suppose? You have to be a jackass to climb a tower like that, it's just ripe full of danger. She's, you know, a crass idiot. Don't mind her. But-- This close. Good job, asshole! Well, thank you for your time. He pours his glass out on the ground out of the bartender's view. Subtle. Thank you very much for your time. You're yelling at me from across the bar. Not in a German accent, Marisha. Or sleeping, perhaps. Also, speaking from experience, sometimes when you're very focused on a task, it can create a blind spot. That's the worst shit that's ever been said on this show. This is totally the diner scene in Pulp Fiction now. That's true, you could piggyback. Maybe ask a few more questions in a few other places besides dive bars. Have we been led to the boat? Yeah, I'm leaving them and I'm going to sit in the boat. I'm pulling out my book and I'm slapping it down and I start to mutter to myself. This is going to take a while. With all this dicking about, how long would you guestimate I've been muttering in the boat? Ten minutes, okay. A fucking stick up the back. Although, to be fair, I've seen this many times at St. Patrick's Day parades in New York-- (slurred) Excuse me, officer? This is so painful, I feel like I should make a concentration check on my spell. I'm casting Find Familiar and I'm changing Frumpkin's shape. Octopus. Nott the Brave, are you coming with us? Come on, I saved a seat up by me and Frumpkin. I have Frumpkin slither his way onto Nott's back and do a cozy hug from behind over the shoulder. Not on the head. No, because that's weird. So just over the shoulder, and then the tentacles tickle her face and stuff. That's the joke. Can I assist by throwing Frumpkin into the water and looking? Frumpkin, go take a look at that, if you wouldn't mind. (splash sound) Down towards it. And I have my hand on Nott's shoulder, doing that thing. Do Frumpkin and I see anything alive or moving down here? Pretty good. 18. How far apart are each of the bars? I think my octopus could probably squeeze through that. (plopping sound) Yeah. Did they seem rusted? I'm going to urge Frumpkin on further, to see what we can see. Frumpkin has dark vision. Up he goes. Darkvision, yes. Yeah, crests up and pokes his eye nubs out of the water. Looking for anything moving here, while we're up here. So he's come through a second set. Muttering all this as it happens. This is all water. I'm going to speed him back to the first grate, and have him took for the locking mechanism if there is one. That's investigation. Or through an octopus. That's a 14. I think you said last campaign that you can hold the air for one spell, possibly. Okay. So he will swirl away and go back to the second and do the same look around. Ja. Okay. All right, buddy. I'm sending him forward. And I do. Past-- you said it goes now straight that way? Not able for Frumpkin to squeeze through that, I'm guessing. I'm imagining I am not summoning a gigantic octopus. And that would be strength-based, yeah? Because it doesn't say on his thing. That is a nine. That's true! It's only his second time. Okay buddy, forget that. Back it up. Is there anything unique about the pillar down here or is it just basic stonework? Are Frumpkin and I able to tell if this goes water all the way to the ceiling of this chamber or is it water with air above? Or it's all water? Okay. Is there anything out of the ordinary if he pokes his head up out of the water? 17. You could always punch the wizard in the head at any time. Okay so back on the boat I just say, I have gone very far with him and it just keeps going. What do you guys want to do? I can't hear any of you, so tap me if you want me to keep going one time tap me or two times if you want me to pull Frumpkin out. I said one or two, I don't know what that means. What are we doing? Pull him back? Then I would tell him then to swim back. If we, in our game, are allowing connection as long as it's not broken, I would just tell him to come back. I mean, I could also if we want to hang a little longer I can just send him. You know I don't want him to be squished but I can send him as far as he can go to see what he hits. It's up to you. Yeah, of course. Frumpkin is now like a backpack on Yasha's back. That really sounds like a euphemism. While they're rolling, I grab Nott's shoulder and turn on the Jacques Cousteau camera on Yasha's back. My constitution must be low, mine's three. Yeah, just like I told you, they made it through the second grate. I can see. I think it's a better idea for us to stay together. Nott, you know this is a recurring thing and I think we should-- what is going on? What is this? Yeah, but what if we need to go through water? Mostly, but right now we need to. Let me make a suggestion. And I cast Suggestion. I think you should just try it one time and see how it goes, and if it goes well then we know that you are good for the future. Yeah we are-- And all she does is eat fish and do push-ups, I think she'll be good underwater. It's the booze talking. It's technically, it's slightly cocked. It is cocked. So this is a bit of a problem because nobody thought of the dog and that's why I knew it was a bad decision to purchase it in the first place. Because now we are stuck with a dog. So what do we do Caduceus? What do you think? You're speaking in Sylvan, correct? Ja, I'm listening in Sylvan. In Sylvan, Caleb says, If it goes wrong, pup, you know, bamf out and in and maybe that'll buy you a little more time. I don't care, let's go. (splash) Oh! Yeah I'm here. I would have beat Caduceus here, because he was struggling. I'm so proud of you! You made it all this way. Do you know what the good news is? You're going to have that feeling for the next seven hours and 50 minutes. Make an insight check. (laughter) Also, there is a small grate just down here. Frumpkin was not able to get through it, but maybe one of you two ladies could bust that open. It's right over there. Octopus. Yeah, I did. While they're discussing, I point at Frumpkin on Yasha's back and snap him out and then submerge myself by that small grate and look and keep my hand above the water, and snap again and Frumpkin is past the gate on the other side of it. The small grate that we couldn't get open, so he's on the other side. (singing) Best lay ever! 13. What did you get Ash? No, I have the Transmuter's Stone set to dark vision. Caduceus, you can see? Yeah okay, so I was looking down towards this grate under the water, and I heard the room go to hell behind me and hear the splashing where Beauregard is, so I move in that direction. Yeah. I take it, yeah. So, I stumble forward, and I'm reaching into my pockets, and I pull out the iron powder, and I throw it into the air again, and I go (whoof) with my hands, and Beauregard enlarges within the grasp of this... thing. Yeah, but with advantage on strength checks now. And I will go as far into that corner, hiding between Fjord and the corner, if I'm able to. What about Fjord? His swim speed is his movement speed. Added damage. She lit it up. (effeminate voice) What's that, Travis, what's that? BDE. What, you numb your own tongue with that one? Okay, I'm going to move into that corner and I'm going to rifle into my pockets and pull out a small snake's gut peppered in powdered rhubarb leaf, and I stick my hand out and point at the one messing with my human friend over there, and I take the snake's gut and I pull it back like I am drawing a bowstring as I mutter and I let go and cast Melf's Acid Arrow. Ja, that is correct. Melf. M-E-L-F. You love it. That is a 23 to hit. Yeah. (counting) Nine points of acid damage. It doesn't say anything, at least, in the D&D Beyond. Let's look in the actual book. Doesn't say anything about splash attack. Don't do me wrong, D&D Beyond. I'm going to tuck my snake gut back into its pocket. It's six, though. (breathing heavily) Ja. I cast Dancing Lights and the four globules start floating around in the air. Ja. Okay, Frumpkin. Would you like to-- are you still there? And he's still on the other side. I'm going to have a quick look. Somebody-- And I send Frumpkin further in. At this point I can't send in-- I can only watch, but I did tell him to go. So what would you-- well it's up to you what Frumpkin would interpret that as. Well I think what we've established-- I can view, but I can't give commands. But I said to go in, so it's up to you what-- That is-- oh, for Frumpkin. So I need to go to a different tag. That's a three. Okay. Who knows. Maybe Fjord could swim down there if we could get this gate open, but. Yeah, but you are a bean pole. Stocky? How many stones do you weigh? They're a pound each. What are you talking about? I'm talking about-- Remind me, it just keeps going forward? Oh no, Frumpkin, no! In the same way there's another large grate at the end of the passage? So a tunnel going forward. You're done. I will go in the back, but I will send Frumpkin 80 or 90 feet in front of all of us and conga line behind whoever is second to last. With Frumpkin looking. When I'm looking through Frumpkin I'm blind, yeah. Where's little Beau? Little Beau is missing! Yeah. I think Beau is offering to not let me fall, faceplant. Also, you have to train your animal to harass mine. You doubled down from the last campaign, didn't you? Caleb is laughing quietly in the dark. Ja, okay. Ooh, that's good. 18. I would whisper that into Beauregard's ears, not being able to hear her, and tell her to hold the group up for a moment. I describe the room. I don't know what's in there yet, but something's changing. Three water passages and then two hallways that are dry? DM, you're describing those platforms, but then there are passageways further leading in. I mutter that to Beauregard. This room looks kind of fucked up. We should not rush into it. It's eerie, but do I see any living creatures or threats? My cat doesn't see anything, but I don't trust that there's-- are you listening to me? Tap me on the shoulder if you're listening to me. Okay. Ow. God. We don't see anything, but I have a bad feeling. Frumpkin, come back. The room ahead is not good. No. There's something of a magical nature up there. Frumpkin would have seen that, as would I. It's glowing. Well, yeah, but you're assuming that nothing's going to happen when you get into the room or close to the room. I am hearing a lot of what ifs. I'm casting Mage Armor. 14. Matt, I'm putting Frumpkin in this corner. Yeah, that was our lineup. Yeah, got to roll for initiative. Bong rip this shit! Yeah, definitely 21. And we got plenty of light in this room, correct? Oh, 13. Sorry. Go for the sky, Ash. Oh man. (singing) Here it comes! Sick, Matt. Sick. We're so happy! We won, we won! 16. I get pushed even though I saved? Flipping somersault, up in the air. Like Zsa Zsa? Yeah! What's that power, Tal? Grog is gone. Okay, so Caleb springs up out of the water, and I think from where I am, I have a direct line of sight to that corner that he just went around, yeah? Because they've got light up there. Yeah. I am pulling out the bat shit and the sulfur and I am going to slap them together and throw a fucking Fireball and yell Fick ihr alle! A Fireball is going to shoot across the room into that square just to the left of him, my left, which means it should get all three. It is a 16. (counting) 34 fire damage. I will walk 15 feet backward into the tunnel I'm in. (Bane voice) I will walk 15 feet backward. Oh, surprise motherfucker. (chainsaw noises) Are you a fan of Matisse? Here's a question, nobody called dibs on the dodecahedron today. Could one of us, since nobody did? So we just got to say every game, we just have to make sure that we spit it out. Okay, so I fail, I got a seven. I'm out. Oh, I'm not out, because I have Molly's necklace. Although, I'm underwater. Plus two. Right, I'm unconscious and holding my breath. I think that's the way to go. Yeah. I also have a question about the Periapt. It says that whenever you roll-- oh, it's rolling a hit die to regain hit points, but it doesn't count when anyone heals me? Cthulhu's dick. So what do I do? Concentration check, death save? I don't know. That is a six. So that's two? Mm-hmm. Just do whatever feels right. All right. Well, there are dragons in this world. Sure. I have faith in you, Jester. He was dead. No, that's at a melee attack. Yeah. He's a big guy. Wilhelm scream? That's what I'd do. Oh, fed him a potion. It shoots under the water. Strength saving throw. Natural 20. Thanks, Pike die. Yep, just deep-throated it. Just got to relax. Hey! I got knocked for failing. And what's the initiative order? It's Fjord then... Could you clarify a rule for me, because I've never tried to do this as a new magic user, newish, but to do a bonus action first-level spell, could that be done in addition to a second? Or a third? I know there's a version of being able to cast two spells at once if one's lower than the other but I can't remember what it is. And a cantrip. Okay, so forget that. Not interested. So Caleb pushes up, and if we're in difficult terrain, what, can I move like five feet or something? Two squares. Uh... I can't see shit. I'm going to move-- I'm going to press right up behind Jester-- right here. What I'm hoping to do is to pull out the same batshit and sulphur and rub it in my hands really quick and then set my hands down on her shoulders to help me aim and careen a Fireball to hit-- there's no wall there because it's invisible, but to hit the ceiling above-- can't reach. Hit the ceiling here, so I can go bip bip bip to him, but hopefully nobody else. Yeah. From the ceiling down to him. Back corner of the room. Yeah. I think I'm at 16. Let me just double-check. Okay, yep. (counting) Okay, so ten points of fire damage. Also, Frumpkin is going to go five, ten, 15, 20. Like that. Underwater. So he's thinking about it? 19. Half of a lot. Caleb's out. (laughs) Oh my god! (coughs) The water's going (splash splash). Yeah, what do you want to do? Oh shit!