(shouting) Marion! Don't look, Marion! (as Caleb) Well, if you were wondering why Taliesin was losing his-- (as Liam) Oh, I'm doing Caleb already. Taliesin was losing his mind the last several weeks while also dying. I quietly lost my mind at nights out in the National Parks, it's because we've been working on this. It's shaping up beautifully, it's full of beautiful pieces from the community that you are probably familiar with. There's some that are new to the book, and we're very proud of-- oh, it's gone-- the cover, which is done by comic artist Matteo Scalera. You might know him from the comic Black Science. I've loved his art for a while. The cover's gorgeous. Moreno Dinisio, who does his coloring on Black Science, did it for the cover as well. The book looks amazing, and, for the thousandth time, thank you for every artist in this community who gives back to the show. [cheering] I can't hear you, but we don't have much time, so let's move forward carefully, please, and it's just the two of us so, you know, help me out, will you? Further up. He's made it to the second floor, I think. I didn't pop out, so I'm seeing what Frumpkin sees at this point. I can't hear a thing she's saying. Well, they told us that they would wait for us before going down and I'm sure that they have done that. [laughter] While I ask Frumpkin to continue along the right path. And this is where the plan falls apart. I am processing right now. I haven't made a decision in a split-second. Okay, that could have gone better. No, no, no. Let's wait here for a second. Frumpkin, my boy, will you please go ahead? I will gently pull Keg around the corner of the left path, five feet, so we are not in direct view. Well, if Frumpkin's going this way, I will move Keg and I a little bit that way so we are not in direct view. I will let Frumpkin continue and watch. What are we doing? Let's have Frumpkin look under that door that was just revealed. They're preoccupied? I come out of Frumpkin's vision and I take Caleb-- Caleb is me. I take Keg by the hand and go close to her ear and whisper and say Just follow me, please. And tell Frumpkin to go up that side and we will go up the other side. Frumpkin can get there just ahead of me and peek around that corner before we turn it. We scooch to the corner. Okay. Rinse, repeat. I send Fumpkin under the first door, pull Keg a little bit further so we are by those doors. I pull out the copper wire, listening, and I aim down, looking for Nott, and say there are two coming from the upper floor. I don't know if they're leaving or coming away, but be alert. No, the stairs were down in the corner closest to us. I will say in the meantime that I would, of course, have sent Frumpkin into the final room to know if we have cleared this place up here. Quickly, do I see anything of note in this room? 17. 17. Okay. Well, if we are still alive in an hour, there will be time for this later. I leave it. Listen, you're not going to see me for a while, but I will be with you. No, I am not-- Yeah, ditto kiddo. It galls me to do this because I will only be able to do it the one time. Fuck it. I pull out the scroll of invisibility that Calianna gave me and recite a few words and I am gone. Then you feel a tap-tap-tap on your shoulder. Quietly please and I will not be walking right next to you, but a little ways away. You can trust me; I will not leave your side. Carefully. Oh, one other thing-- and there's a little flash on your shoulder and there is a large-ish spider. A little quieter than that, please. That's the ticket. Let's go. You're a beast! A disembodied voice says Oh! This is going wonderful. I am actually over here, though. Okay. I whisper into Nott's ear and say (stuttering) Just this once, I think I should go first. I'm not there anymore. AUDIENCE Brave. Dead. It's semantics, really. 17 for me. I am going to move into the room and sit down on the floor between the cage and the door, pressed against the wall. Ja and just wait. 19. 17. 17 over here. It'll be your spell plus-- Oh, it's none of these. Act natural. [laughter] I'm going to slide out away from Nott and go to the other side, clear of the hallway, to look into the cage that's there. To the other side of the room. Is anyone alive or dead in that cage? That is a 19. Okay. Er, Hello... I am invisible. Stay as low as possible, and this will all blow over quickly, I think. That's the end of my turn. What are you trying to roll? I am very stealthy. This seems to be going okay, not so bad. Are those tables by the gate that Keg and Beauregard are trying to pull up? Not the room I'm in. I am going to kick one over and roll it over because I can see Keg jimmying on the gate. I see where she is going with it and I am going to be ready to push it under once it's lifted up. I will hold my turn, but I am going to do that pushing my rear end out of the way of view of anyone even though I am invisible. Yeah, okay. What could go wrong? Big six. I have average strength. Yeah okay. (strained) Yeah, this table is pretty heavy too. Spiritual Weapon it? Yeah, okay. Since the gate is open, I'm going to start slowly walking down the hallway after Nott, sticking close to the wall. That's as far as I get? I could, but I don't want to do that. I will put Frumpkin on the wall, opposite me, ten feet ahead of me. I would love to give Frumpkin his turn to go as far along the ceiling after Nott as he can. Oh, you know, 120 feet. 20 feet. Okay, and I will just stay pressed against the wall and that is the end of my turn. In Beauregard's ear, she hears I am in the hallway ahead of you. Chill out for a moment. I will continue to let Frumpkin creep around, if we are in that sort of a scenario. Bugs. The show's all about bugs now. Bugs. As you pass in the hallway, you hear lightly Entschuldigung. If I am able to now, I will send Frumpkin over the ceiling and down the door, and if there is a crack, he will go through. No. Ja. If there's a gap, ja. Frumpkin's not invisible, is he? Good news. I rolled a one. They. Are. Going. To. Die. [cheering] I start moving up through the hallway. Nott-- ja, it's still me, I'm still invisible. You need to check that door. I don't know if it's trapped or-- You checked a trap in this room, didn't you? Frumpkin went under a new door. I point invisibly and say The door that I'm pointing at! That one! A gentle knock happens on the door in front of her. The other side? Ja, I would prefer it. We are blown anyway, so have at it. We are just giving them time to be ready for us. We need to proceed. Caleb is silently making the jerk-off motion in the room they are standing in. [cheering] Maybe. Nott, will you have a look at it first? Caleb is already in the next room, steering clear of the trap and trying to inspect if that brazier is arcane in nature, or if there is anything dangerous other than the trap. Ja. If only I had gotten to say natural 20 before that happened. Oh, that's one of those-- And am I aware of that the trap? What sets it off, since I got the natural 20? Proximity alone? I am in the room. There are a couple of options. I could dispel it; It would take me about ten minutes. I would no longer be invisible, we would lose time. The second option is that we just run for it. Yes! [cheering] There is a deep, deep sigh in the room, and then Caleb descends into the hole. Ja. Oh, good roll. Shakäste, would you, er-- Friend, would you do us the favor of... Stacy-- Is it Stacy or Anastasia? Okay. I used to have a cat. I do not any longer-- Would you do us the favor of having a peek around with your bird, friend? Where are all you cosplayers at? Do me a favor. I love you all, but if you're not in costume, sit down for a moment so I can see all the costumes. [music fades] Also, question! Who has the adorably high-pitched laugh, somewhere over here? It's you? Keep laughing. AUDIENCE Somebody get that woman a drink. It's on me. I love you, too. AUDIENCE But that's what I mean, too! All right, let's get this TPK moving. [cheering] Spoilers! Scanlan's gone, man. Scanlan's gone. Are the stairs wide enough for two people to go down? Three people to go down? Individual. That blows. Ja. That's a pretty impressive illusion-- You are able to do something so substantial? I'm right in front of you. I'm right in front of you. I'm talking about-- As big as Keg? What are we doing? Let's stop making so much noise and try it, then. Come on, Burch! Oh! Winner! (laughter) It's also-- It's not a trap, is it? Because there's no weight to your illusion. What would have been set off? No, it's a person firing. It's a person firing. Caleb will come invisibly down, but not leave the stairs. He will stay on the stairs. Yeah, halfway down. But you can leave him up there for the moment. What are you?! Do you have a bonus? 15. I don't like this music. Ah, ja, okay. I think-- I'm already gone. In my head I think, This is still going very well. I have not been hit; here we go. And I'm at the bottom of the stairs already, not at the top, so what I would like to do is move my full movement and then use my action to dash. And just stroll to the right of Nott, and I will just touch her on the shoulder as I go; and get as far as I can in that direction against the wall, if that's as far as I can get. So 60 feet. Ja, that's exactly where I want to be. And then I will scooch down, not fully sitting but like bending my knees down and doing like a squat. And thinking, This is okay. This is okay. That's the end of the turn. Typically. Okay, this is still going very good, so I am going to slide along the wall that I'm on to try to get to the space where Beau had been before she started. Now that the little weasel is dead, ja, I'll stay against the wall if I can. Ja. And then I'm going to lose Invisibility because I start to weave my hand around my arm and I am going to release Scorching Ray, three globs of fire up his ass in the sky. Well, the first one was a natural zwanzig, so-- [cheering] So 8d6 total. Ja. Well, the critical gets-- okay, so this becomes an eight. Okay, Hold on. Ja. Okay, so that's ten...Okay. Und that is eleven, okay. And then also this becomes 17... It's a total of 19 damage of Scorching Ray to his ass. Yeah. Eh, Wie gehts? That's the end. Help. [background music] Hits. Dead, the word is dead. Okay. Who hurt you? AUDIENCE 15. Three plus-- Egypt is just so far away! So I am bleeding profusely everywhere, and I am going to stumble in the direction-- I think that's Keg, she's short. I will go that way as far as I can, and as I go I say This is going very well. If I go to the right, will I clear out of that flying guy's line of sight? Yeah, I'm going to cut directly right towards Caduceus and just before I disappear out of view, I'm going to say Hey, how's your day? And I will send a Fire Bolt at Lorenzo. Ja. Eh, it's not that great. It's a 16. Okay. That's good. That's also good. So 14 points of fire damage. Ja, and then hopefully I'm disappearing around the corner and leaning my face against the wall, like that. I'm having Raishan flashbacks. Ja. Seven plus... (slurring) Caleb's face is pressed into the wall and he says I am so glad that we have two clerics, they will-- [cheering] So I'll shove that in my gullet. That's totally the wrong die. Oh, that's okay. Seven points back. Okay, I'm cured! I don't know where anything is or what's going on and I feel real bad, so I'm going to try to crawl up the steps a bit, through the blood in my face. Ja, I'll crawl up the steps and then, hey, I will just throw a Fire Bolt where he was. That probably won't work, but let's do it. Ja. Natural 20. [groaning] We did it, you guys. Confetti! No. Yeah. [cheering]LIAM,  Oh!, AUDIENCE, AUDIENCE Were you at 33? You're unconscious. Both. Okay. Ah-- I would like to push myself up the stairs as far as I can, while still being able to have a bead on him. Okay. Then I will collapse onto my ass on the stairs and make that symbol shape thing that Fjord used to make, and go Ey, buddy. I will send out another Fire Bolt. Ja. That is a 16. 16. No worries. That's six points of fire damage, and I will now push myself up out of sight, up the stairs a little bit. It's going very well. Shakäste will get to you any second. This is going very well! Seven total. Now cough. I mean, of course they're going to come for you because you could have fucked off days ago but you're a big team player now! Oh, I better try to hit that guy again. I will scooch down again. Oh, he's holding both of her blades. Okay, well, I probably won't hit, but let's do it again, pew pew! That is a six-- 14. Or is it? Hold on, let me double check, because my iPad died and I can't see my shit. It's okay, everybody. It's 16. [cheering] It's 11 points of damage. Oh, well fuck me running, it worked. I watch it leave my finger and take an impossible spiralling trajectory through the air, and he's so preoccupied with that charming dwarf woman with the stubble, it takes him in the back of the head and it starts to burn through the back of his skull and eat away through the back of his head and burn through his eyes! [cheering] You shouldn't have killed my cat. [laughter] Also, in the meantime, DM, I-- I have a question. I don't know if the situation calls for it-- I rolled a voluntary wisdom save for-- Ja, but I rolled an 18, so it's a 21. It's better than it was. You know, we thought it would be a joke in the beginning, it kind of stuck. It doesn't make any sense. I'm going to go sit on the table that got knocked all over the place during that fight and sit and just stare at the three unconscious and feel very tired. Do either of you want to come with?