I don't want to sit on it any more, Matt. You said you were cool with anything. I believe the lack of arc was the problem. I honestly can't remember anything beyond meeting Sprigg. I'm just all Sprigg right now. (cheering) Why go off-brand? What are they called, kuatoa? What are the little bird folk? No, the birds-- the little raven or were-raven-- Kenku! Thank you! There are four more, keep going. (George Takei voice) Bigby's Hand. The second coming of Vox Machina rises out of the water right in the middle, an otter pokes up a head. Oh, the indignation. Bilbo Baggins. ELEVATOR Tips for a first-time New Yorker? Get a can of mace. (laughter) You can see most shows on Broadway for free by volunteering to usher. Tyriok's guide? You hush your mouth! (laughter) I mean, everybody should pick Keyleth. She's the most powerful character in the group. Not Vox Machina? Keyleth would be a great ally. No. Come back to me, then. Do they have to be a friend? Could they have been an enemy? I mean, part of me would like to run with Delilah Briarwood. Yeah. The one that got away? I'd go Clarota. (cheering) (illusory beholder voice) Hah! I used to do Broadway! (laughter) Oh, yeah. Some of us were talking in the green room before coming out here right before the show started. I spent years in the theater, and it's been ten years since my last one, and three years ago, I was like, "Man, I'm getting really itchy, I've got to get back on stage." And that's gone. This scratches that itch so much. And we're living in a role for five years? Is it five years? Let's get married all over again. I mean, we talk about doing it like 12 times a year. So that's got to count for something. Sam Riegel will be dead in under an hour. Yeah, we've been threatening to return to the hot tub. Yeah, Kiki. I mean, I've got to go with the boots, right? I've got to go with the boots. I got my boots back. Our long national nightmare is finally over. All of us are grateful for family, he's obviously grateful for his twin, he's grateful for love. You know, life is short. But mainly the boots. Tova slow-jazz. The temple's full of upside-down fountains. (laughter) After the panel. We do deal in fantasy, Matt. Life is short, kids. Happy Sweet 16. Yeah, I have a big gap in my gaming history. I had an Atari, and a Commodore 64, and then nothing until Playstation, so I skipped the whole 16-bit era. I really liked Dungeons and Dragons Pool of Radiance on my Commodore 64. Yeah. Bloop-bloop-bloop. I am intrigued. (laughter) (knocks) What are you doing in there? Just because they don't put it in the episodes doesn't mean it doesn't happen. I'd like to see Vox Machina skinned into cyberpunk, I think. It's more Blade Runner-y, a little bit. Whatever. I'm aware. Just because Vax has never pooped in an episode of Critical Role and you haven't seen it, doesn't mean it doesn't happen. Not anymore. I don't know. We'll find out. This is the perfect time to segue into our next Comic-Con announcement though, which is in season three, we are converting to first edition D&D. I liked eating fried chicken on set. The race car bed was just out of camera. I mean, I love what we're doing now, but I also liked-- we were still dumb idiots at the beginning of the show. We didn't have the weight of the world on our shoulders, really, so it was nice being carefree. Exactly what you're doing! Never thought that Vax would get dark as he has. It ties into the last question. I thought, we were like a couple of Han Solo characters for our entire home campaign, at the beginning of the campaign and would never have predicted that it would be so freaking serious. Ever. That was not in your vision. This one's for Keyleth! (thuds) Stupid rakshasa. Panels, Mexican restaurants, the dentist's office... I remember your great-great-grandfather, Trunket. Oh.