Got to kill a dragon. We should all like bees, really. Right next door to the chickens? You bring it on yourself just saying that catchphrase. That's where the questions are. It's like an Edward Gorey poem. My tabletop is high school, which I don't remember too well. And then our home game, the show was far crazier than our home game was. As fun as the home game was, nothing as lunatic as the cow episode-- It's called outreach. (laughter) Um. I think it would take a lot, and I got a lot of static after Vax punched Percy. A week later, everyone's like, "Like Vax has any horse to stand on, with what happened with his sister." First of all, that was what was running through my head as I punched Percy. None of you had to tell me about that, that's what I was thinking about. And if that hadn't happened, I probably would have done more than punch him one time. I probably would have went a little bit further. But I would say, on one hand, Vax thinks it's a little different because Vax rushed in to try to save his sister, not exactly the same situation. But on the other hand, you're kind of right, he doesn't have any moral high ground, and I'm not trying to play anyone on moral high ground. And I thought, do I have the right to do this? Probably not, who cares? We're all playing imperfect people. You're going to get diCaprio'd. (laughter, bear grunting) You should stay in that mindset after the break. I think the twins would have been doing mercenary work somewhere. I want to do a one-off sometime that goes further than the goblin game. I know what that character is for that game. Well, you got the bird's-eye view, Matt. I got one. People all week-- all year, really-- but a lot this week, have been asking me-- and telling me-- asking me does Vax have a death wish or saying that Vax has a death wish. You are free to think I have a death wish. I don't have a death wish, I don't want to roll a new character, I love my character, but I'm not going to play him like an accountant. I'm going to rush in and try to save people and kill the motherfuckers who killed my parents, my mother, I don't have a father. We'll get to that. I don't have a death wish, I do not want to stop playing my character. He could die next week, and I'll be bummed for a while, but this is how I'm going to play him. If I survive next week's game, I will do something just as dumbfuck two to five episodes later, so strap in. That's what I'm doing. The game can be different things for different people, and if people want to treat it like a WoW raid, go for it, have fun with that. But if I had to be like, "Okay, how I can max out my "opportunities here and my chance to get my Devout--," that's not why I play. I play to stick myself in epic books that I loved reading as a kid. And sometimes characters die. Yeah. Someone else asked how long did it take to create your characters, and I feel like it's still happening. The first game was like, "Yeah, I'm a rogue! We're twins? Cool! Okay, what "do I do? I sneak around, Grog doesn't even know that he can do whatever the hell he wants, great." It's so loosey-goosey. It's still ripening. And sometimes we have one-on-one conversations with each other or in a group, we feel like we're learning new things about the character-- every game-- or each other, or ourselves even, playing this game. That was how you hooked her in. Vax has a-- wishing he could follow a bit in her footsteps, or did, and I don't want to get too much into that, and obviously all this. I didn't have any beef with you at any time in the past, but now I don't trust you as far as I can throw you. Grog and Vax never had any real digging at each other, but it's a little dicier now. They're okay, but a little bit of-- I'm a cutter, I've been cutting. I'm Vex. MATT, MARISHA, How long have we been playing this game for? Still a fun game. Sure you did. There's a rule in the rulebook that says bend the rules whenever you want to bend the rules. That's a rule. So Matt followed the rules. Personally one of my most insane moments, because I've always told myself, all right, the twins, Vax is going to give himself up for his sister whenever he does it. And in that split-second I was like, here it is, here we go. I'm going to end my game, I'm ending it, Laura's going to go on, I'm out. Just like I planned. And you went-- flipped it on me. All my ideas for the future went (pfft). Had to change everything I was thinking. It was such a back-and-forth, too, because we were like, okay, here's what we're going to try to do, shit, it's working, it's working, we got this, we got this! And then it went (explosion) and flipped into 180, and we're like, we're dead, we're dead, and then a Hail Mary pass at the last second. Ripping expectations back and forth. I'm a ground fighter. If I'd been on the ground, I'd probably be goo in shoes. I get asked frequently if I'm ever going to DM a one-shot for our show, like when you're out of town. Theoretically like a year from now or more, if you wanted to go to Aruba or Burning Man or whatever. Maybe in a year or so. But I'm playing with kids. The kids have low expectations or no expectations. I don't remember any of the rules. Seeing all of the Quivering Palm business and dragon fight business, I'm not ready for that. Talk to me in a year. But I do it at home. It's great. My kids love it. So far. Well, I think that Vax has a little bit of self-loathing, too. I don't know, people think that Vax thinks he's a Boy Scout. I don't. And I don't think he does either. For the backstory, I was a thief for years. I did shitty things and stole from people so he could get by. I think he at this point in life feels like he's been a fuck-up and a waste of time most of his life, and the only good thing he's had in his whole life is his relationship with his sister, which is like one, good, true thing. But everything else, they're dead-enders. Well, maybe. Maybe things are changing. But that's what he was. And then also he follows his heart now, to a fault. And that's what we love about them. None of us are trying to be white as snow. Even those of us who think they mean the most good for the world, we're all fuck-ups. We're going to continue to fuck up. You clever bastard. Laura says by text, is the chat not working? Chat's working, La. Hi! Are you guys on the other side of the planet now? Shifty eyes. We're not deciding laws in the Supreme Court. We're being doofuses. 16 years old, jaded. (laughter) Close calls are getting closer and closer together, Matt. Could you give us a list of the easiest encounters to the hardest? Or could you put a skull next to the super-hard ones like in Fallout, where you're not supposed to go near the bad guy because the skull is floating there? I didn't want to fight it! We need to go get some of these things and come back. Yeah! I said it like 20 times. Also, the whole cast is this-- we're all very ripened, mature characters with lots of nuance, and the first one will be like, "Hey, I'm a new bard! Where are my spells?" Although when you play every week, we used to play every six weeks, so things were a little shallower at home, and now... There is a lot of lore, Matt. Somebody asked how you and I avoid awkwardness in real life after Vax and Keyleth moments. We're pretty cool with it. It's like an acting gig, really. Not at all. Everyone crawled inside their own assholes when we had our-- That's right. We were pioneers. It was like that moment when you first get to prison and they put you on the wall and take the hose and bring it. Hey, do you maybe want to go out sometime, I kind of like you, ow! Laura and/or Travis. I'll answer for Travis. (Grog voice) What? What? That's Pike or that's Ashley, you're saying? You make Sarenrae look really good on the outside. Oh man, can we do a photoshoot with Ashley with the sign for Sarenrae? (laughter) Knew she'd be good at it, though. Back in seven seconds. Actually, hold that thought. Because I have a question that's not the same question, it's not for me, but it's related to that, and that is, "Who is Pike in love with?" And I don't want an answer. Instead I'd ask the audience, people who are asking questions like that or what's in the letter. Don't you think that's like asking while you're reading the first Harry Potter book why Harry wasn't killed by his nemesis? It's a book. Do you really want to know the last chapter when you're in the first chapter? Wouldn't you rather the story unfold in front of your eyes? Taliesin or Percy? What's in that letter, I would much rather, as an audience member who gets to sit on the set while we play the game, see that come out in the story and have my mind blown, rather than on Twitter be like, "Oh, well, it's this and this and this and this." Just enjoy the roller coaster. I want to know at the right time! It's 30 shit jokes, isn't it? I took a photo of it, but I deleted it. I could have read it, but I didn't. You just got cubed. Work on your sleight-of-hand technique. I'll answer another quick Vaxleth question, which is, what inspired it? I think that all during the home game, and even at the beginning of the game on the show, Vax had the same opinion of Keyleth as his sister, which was, "Come on. Are you serious?" most of the time. "Goody two-shoes? "Really?" I don't remember what it was, I promise I don't remember what it was, but something happened in one game. I remember thinking about it after the show and then talking to Matt in the next day or two, going like, "Can you do this in Dungeons & Dragons? Like, would this be okay? Would you be "okay with it? I'm not going to go anywhere with it, but would that be okay?" That's where it came from. And the reason I thought it would be fun for the game is the same reason I think why Taliesin had Percy give Grog an evil, sentient sword. Because it would make the game interesting. It would totally shift the game pieces on the board and add new dynamics in unpredictable ways. I'm not treating it like a dating sim where the end result for me playing D&D was "winning the "princess". It's just to see how things could change in the next year of gameplay. It's been done this way for a year. Let's see what happens if we move this over here and that over there. Ah, whatever. I'm having fun. I would say part of the reason that I didn't want to fight Umbrasyl, most of it was because I didn't think we were ready. But part of it is because I'm looking at this game like a game of Fallout. I want to go to the corners of the map. I want to go to Marquet. I want to go to the bottom of the ocean. I want to go to all of these places where the Vestiges are. Are we really mainlining the quest? Really? That's what we're doing? What about all these side things that Matt's got? I want to be a completionist. One of the other characters? I would go Keyleth because I want access to the broad range of magic, and I've been so non-magic the entire time. I don't know shit about magic. I barely know anything. Yeah, Vax-- and side note, before we go into this game, Vax is totally impressed with Keyleth and thinks that she's the most powerful one in the group, and is in awe of it, and feels like a weak dingus, basically, in comparison to everybody. To everybody. That's fine. Not Liam! Vax looks at everybody and is like, "Oh, my God! Look at you, "shining beacon of hope! Look at this crazy fucking motherfucker who can build stuff out of a tin can! "Look at Scanlan, staring into the maw of horror and stupidly thinking everything's okay! Look at "my sister, who's not scared of anything!" I've seen the first three seasons of Korra, but not the early one. Okay. I'll get there. First appearance, we were rolling laughing. We didn't know what was coming. There was so much panache. He's also been one of the greatest pleasures for me for this game, because it wasn't anything that I saw coming. It was really funny and surprising the first time at home, and then he came back several times, and right from the first time that Gilmore appeared, he zeroed in on Vax and was sweet on Vax. It was nervous laughter the first time, and then slowly over time it got more charming, and more charming, up to the point where you guys have seen that probably Vax is legitimately taken with him, definitely intrigued by him. Charmed my-- almost charmed my pants off. Just before. And then some people are like, "It "should be Vax and Gilmore!" Like, I get it. Gilmore's a great character, and Vax was definitely taken with him. We probably saw Gilmore two to three weeks of the last three years? Maybe more? I've traveled-- Vax and Keyleth, though, have been traveling together for years. So, I mean-- Hey, guys, we're in Hollywood. We're all leftie communists. We're good. My primary character trait is heterosexuality, and I mean as Liam. Four. Oh, this is a Loot Crate shirt. It's from one of the last couple of boxes, you can still get it. It's alien-involved. I'm going to answer a super quick one and then pass one on to Matt that I want to hear the answer to. "Why did the twins know Abyssal?" We learned it in elf school, like Latin. And then TukRoll asks "The vegetables of the virgins is such a cool story arc, will you release the quest "line after this?" Yes. (laughter) Vestiges of Divergence. Tuk means the Vestiges of Divergence. Are you going to drop that on the earth? You know, really, I just wanted to read that tweet out. Send you that pocket universe to get inside of. Trinket. Totally Trinket. It's Trinket. That's the forbidden love. Good luck. Maybe your DM could create an all-powerful hobo lich who could murder them. I feel like she doesn't know that, but-- We're not going to clean this up afterwards, we're going to cut it off right now! Colin Dorrey @e_jeansegast asks, "Speaking of Gilmore, is Vax bisexual?" Duh. Good question. The Raistlin level. There's a fun one for me. Someone said, "What characters do your kids play? Would you ever "introduce Vax or Vox Machina into their quests?" I hadn't thought of that. I'm going to do it. Thank you for the suggestion. I started with my son who's nine. He's with three boys, and my son is a half-elf druid with a dragonborn fighter and a dragonborn rogue. Then my daughter got interested, so I started doing a separate game with my daughter and my son where my son plays a dwarven wizard and my daughter plays an elven druid, and then my daughter got into it, so now I'm doing one with four girls where my daughter is a gnome rogue, and there's a gnome cleric, and there is a gnome druid, and a human monk. And I am up to my neck in Dungeons and Dragons lately, thank you Matthew Mercer. You're all learning a lot about Ashley right now. Yeah, I think you have to. You know, it's not real. You know, it's paper and dice. A musical card? On the flip side, one of our home moments was amazing-- it's actually on my vine account-- which was Keyleth walking up to a shambling mound? Was it a shambling mound? A corrupt treant. We were going to have to fight that thing and you went (blugh) and it went (groaning) and wandered off and we were all like (yelling). What you got under that blanket? Unless that is a hedge maze, I am a dead man. If that's a big room, I'm gone. Can't read that stuff. Somebody asked-- here's a big question. I didn't see it on there, but somebody asked which character dying would have the biggest overall effect on the group? Never mind. Bad idea. Forget it. What are the dimensions of the cube? That's one by one. I got mine ready to go. Using my Cape of the Mountebank for the first time to teleport to the other side of the glass and save everybody! (clunk) Oh fuck. It was like, my stomach just went-- Thought it was the door opener. Nope. That's all right. It was a great moment. Whoops! Still alive for one more week. Death by a thousand cuts? It's a lot of theater etiquette and improv. It's like, you're like, I'm going to, oh no, they're having a moment. And then you kind of forget it, or the moment passes and you got to let it go. Right, and what I was thinking was, Gilmore's over there, and he's looking at this. He's looking at this and I can't explain this. Vax and Keyleth really like each other, but this is them. We entertain ourselves. It's not appellate law. The answer is "not me." [break] I'm using a luck right now. (singing) I got you, babe. (laughter) 20 again? Four. (laughter) Holy crap. Okay, with the assassin feature, I have advantage now because I'm going first. I'm going to throw a dagger right at Percy's head. Am I within 60 feet? This is our basic stuff. Even if I had it, I'm not using that. Oh good, that's a 29. (counting) 39, and this is the dagger of venom, and I want him to roll versus poison. How does that work? Automatically, or does he have to succeed to do it? Yes, 15 is the DC. Okay. Now, quick question, Matt. If I were to attack him three times in a row, right? The next two get no sneak attack, I know that. If I move to another target, do they get sneak attack or no in this instance? One time per round. I click them now. Thanks, buddy. Boots of haste, Laura has that piece of paper. What's the lighting like in here? There's the light from-- Okay, I'm going to use my action to go stealth. That's action, action, bonus action. You're saying the boots-- I don't think I have ever used a bonus action before when clicking the boots, so we need to change things from here on out. You've never called me on it in 50 games. Okay, then with your permission, I am going to use my-- I am going to throw another dagger. I totally miss and I am going to let it go. It was a one. I am going to step past that wall there, I can do it myself. Okay, I'm hasted so I get double speed. As soon as I'm there-- (whispering) Is it going to fit any more? Holy cow. How high is the ceiling? So watch your head. It's amazing how careful PVP is making us all be. Okay. I'm from a hidden position, right? Advantage. Obviously. Right. And as soon as I go, I'm giving away my position to everybody or to the person that I'm attacking, or--? Yeah. Should I just place him as soon as I attack? Okay. I throw a dagger at Keyleth. Doesn't matter. I'm a sharpshooter. So that's a 19. Okay, so here we go. That's two, plus (counting) 24 plus six is 30. Then I will use my bonus action to hide. Can I? Okay. So instead, I'm going to go-- I don't know if this is slowing me, but (counting) six. Can I attempt to now? Can I attempt to stealth from both of them? I thought it was low light everywhere. Got it, never mind. Hold on. Instead. Oh. I have a backup idea. Can he see in dim light? What's her line of sight? She can see here, obviously. I'm going to use an action to hide where I am. Gosh, how would this work? I want to hide and then run past here. If I'm stealthed successfully, I'm invisible to Percy by the time I get here, and if I'm past the wall, she's lost sight of me. That's what I think. That's what I'm going to try to do. I'm going stealth. That's great. That is a 32. I'm using my bonus action to dash. I'm going to real quiet, tippy-toe in dim light. I'm a 32, still stealthing tippy-toe. I've just passed the wall. I'm known as a scavenger. (laughing) It's all I got. I ain't got any hexes or bullets or bits of spells or help from the gods. You'll never have sights on me. Could still easily die. As soon as I go for it, pops his head up, he's getting shot. Oh my gosh, okay. Great. Yeah, no. Well, it's fine, it's where I was, but I was going to just use-- and I'm here and then I throw a dagger. That's the flame-tongue-- That hits. That's a 25. And here we go again. Mm-hmm, okay. (counting) It's not that good, another 30 total. Then I take one step this way, which I think takes me out of her line of sight? Or do I need to go one more? How about here? All right. I'm here and I'm going to use a bonus action and an action and use another action to go stealth. Good, real good. 29. Isn't he covered by this? What'd you get? Oh, did he take that feat? Let's get dicey here. Okay. Can I have the miniature? Oh, I have him right here, sorry. So I want to step right out here, throw a sneak attack dagger right at Percy. Here we go. That is a 21. Does that hit? Then I'm going to use my last luck. Oh, okay. All right. That's fine. I didn't know that I had to-- Okay. I'm going to use my bonus action to dash. Everyone sees me go (footsteps) and I'm going to go stealth there. I like better telling you. Well, ugh, yes. Okay. But I'm not done yet, because I've still got quite a bit of movement left. Easy pickings on de Rolo! Get him! Someone knows where I am. Come on. Drama. Now the whole group knows! Well, once she starts smashing the ground there, you'll have a good idea. All of her attacks are at disadvantage because of my cloak. Well, that was the first attack, the two rolls with disadvantage. What I'd like to do is take two steps back from the earth elemental. You shut up. Let her do it. For my first action, I would like to open up a pouch in my belt and dump a bunch of metal marbles out towards the elemental underneath, keep moving so they're all around her feet is the intention. I'm going to use dash on my bonus action, I'm going to move to here, and this'll be up to the whim of the gods. Between this wall and all of this stuff, I want to try to stealth right there. Not great. I have one last luck. Yes. Same exact roll. It's not my day. All right. It's okay, I am at 25 stealth. I'm not done with my movement. Not acrobatics? Can I parkour? 19. It's okay, it's all a dream. Fall. Still a square of marbles in front of you. Oh, jeez, okay. I have advantage because of the boots. Dexterity? 17. Well, I use evasion. Pass what? What do I pass? I didn't even move yet. Yes, and Vax reappears right here, on the move, and I am throwing a dagger right at Percy's forehead. 36. So, what I'd like to do, because I didn't even stop moving, is use my bonus action to kinda dive this way and hide here, right on top of Percival's body. So I'm going to roll for stealth. Okay, and I'm going to run to-- hold on, I'll tell you where I'm going to run to. Not moving. Remember all that time out on the ocean, worrying about Percy, was he okay? How is his soul? Sorry. Where'd you go, buddy? I'm around. Oh, there he is. I was sitting on Percy. Evasion. I get advantage because of the boots. That is a 26. Thanks for dropping earth elemental. (high-pitched) What about the marbles? (hissing) (Gollum voice) Nasty cleric. Advantage. Not good. Really bad, 13. Did I say what the armor was? What did I set my armor to? Yes. Aw, balls. That could've been so accidentally good! Is the halved version of that. She lost line of sight of me? Am I in this little nook still on Percy's ashes? Looks like it. Now it gets interesting. I'm going to take one step this way. Is this still burning? I'm going to throw a regular, non-sneak-attack dagger at Pike. Terrible. This is broken, right, this is gone? Is this wall here? Okay, so what I want to do is use my movement to tuck in here, press into the wall, go stealth. That's good, that is 28. I'll tell you where I'm going. I'm going to run to here. Can I ask a quick question? When I put those marbles down, it went (marbles rolling), right? A non-rogue leaping over this, we'd all hear that, right? Unless they tried to make a stealth move. Understood. Tremor sense was good, though. Percy was the fan favorite all day. Mine too. (laughter) I would like to pop back into existence right here. And throw a dagger-- I wouldn't have revealed myself if I had known that. I thought she was five feet that way, which would have changed everything. That's everything that I've been working on for the last few minutes. Instead of that, because this is gone, right? Can I see her from here? All right, I'm going to materialize-- Sure. I have advantage, 11 or 11. What is with me? 21. Through the ice, through the snow. I have sharpshooter, so does--? 21? (counting) 33. I'm going to dance back, use bonus action to hide. It's a 27. And then my last action. It's a 21. For why? So many things. Not my strong suit. 13. It's a wisdom-based thing? Is it a blade? So no Uncanny Dodge for that? And it's not a dexterity save, so full hit. You nudged her towards that corner, Mercer, you nudged her towards that corner And there's no Uncanny Dodge because it's an area. Four tens? Will you allow me to go to here and then Jason Bourne behind these, like a boss, and go stealth right there? Oh, I thought there was a gap. I'm right here. I'm gonna go stealth. This is the Sleet Storm that I'm dexing? 20. Stealth is 27. Is that where she was standing at the beginning of my turn? Then I want to do it here instead. Didn't she dispel it for the bugs? 24. Stealth. And I will-- I haven't taken an action yet. Because that was a bonus. Disappeared into the bugs, man. In another life, somewhere, I'm very much in love with you, but not this day. What spells are going on right now? Ice Storm's still happening? Has it already been ten rounds already? Why'd you give her that ring? Was this some sort of Hunger Games deal? Hi. Right at Pike. Oh, that's a natural one. Okay, so-- I know, I know. Is this out of sight here? Is this a solid wall? Okay. I'm going to roll stealth there. That's a 25, so. I want to go-- Dex save, 24. Is that an action, like an effort for Pike would waste an action? Yeah, you're in a pickle. (laughter) Yeah. Is a 23. Okay. Perception? I rolled-- well, here's the thing. Let me tell you. This is in-tents. What's the spell? Okay. I'm telling you what I'm doing right now. It's interesting. Okay. Forget that. Just this. You know what I'm talking about, right? Oh, wow. Ah, it's 1100, it's amazing. This game is so depressing. (whispering) Aw, dang it. Where I last was? Okay. I know. That is a 30, I think, hold on. You mean closing in? Okay, so, Pike is in the little tunnel? Well, I'm looking from my spot. Oh, okay. Right, I don't see her. And I don't see Keyleth. Okay, so what I want to do-- --is use my action to do that, and use my bonus to-- Just a little. So, here. Oh, gosh, yeah. Aw, that's a five. She didn't lose any hit points? Oh, it's an attack roll, got it. Even though I stepped one in? Okay. Ohh! One. Okay. I'm going to materialize. I'll have gone one, two, three, four, five to here. I'm going to throw a dagger-- I haven't walked up to you, but if it's ranged-- Constitution. I am doomed, doomed, doomed. So it's on me right now to roll? Here we go. Ugh, it's a big six. Big six. Oh, I'm gone, I'm out. Yeah, still. Still going to get knocked out. I'm down. So what do I do? And the Death Ward does nothing against that? Death save, advantage, all of that, nothing? So stupid, Rose! So stupid, Rose! That's totally on me. I wasn't paying attention. I heard you say Blight and I should have stayed put. That was my mistake. Guys, it's a game. Amazing. So much fun. While Matt flips, what I was going to do before I forgot that was stab you in the back, and then just wrench you down into the lava. Three. Take my Sneak Attack dice. I want a fistfight at the end of this. Ow, you hit me in the ear! That necrotic stuff hurts, huh? Brutal. Oh, look, this one's gloating already! You've still got high AC. Got anything that can put her in the pool? Your biggest damage, right there. Swim. What does that penguin say? Slide? Hold on, let me take my earrings off. We're really more of a co-mingled milkshake. We'll be together forever! The monstah! Also, when you cast that Blight on me, I had 14 hit points. Whatever number of hit points I had is what you hit me for. By the way, she texted me today, going, "But I won't use that on you, I promise." (laughter) Yeah. No, I knew that you were a liar. Liar. But you also accidentally benefited from something we weren't supposed to. At some point. That was exhilarating! I'm surprised no one went into the lava until the very, very end, too. I feel like I would have lost momentum right away, if I hadn't gone into stealth. It got so dirty at the end. So dirty and nasty. My time was up. Even if the Blight hadn't gotten me, without Haste, I was going to start getting seen more often, and I was low, and you guys had plenty of frigging spells left at that point. I would've been toast. One day you guys will get the whole group. Thank you!