I'll have to figure out how Assassinate works. We thought he was the diamond in the rough. We thought he was the one, the one that was different than them all. Was that in the little side cave where we saw that? I do. I do a little bit, yeah. The DM told me that Keyleth seemed unsure and scared, if I'm remembering right, and feeling cut off from topside. And it might've been the first time-- Like, the twins, all throughout the home game and the beginning of the show, I think our most common shared response to a lot of your decisions was, like-- And it was the first moment where I stopped doing that. I don't know. Something about being on the show and the way Matt-- Whatever he phrased into my ear made me look at your character in a new way. It might've been that. I don't know if it was that. It was after that. I stopped being so snarky 100% of the time, which allowed me to have different, I don't know-- There is a little bit of a historical record of it, though, because there is that video floating around of you breaking the news to us. And your question after he finishes telling his story is, "Do we have to change our name from the S.H.I.T.s?" And you have Travis from off going, "No deal! No deal!" And you've got to imagine being linked into that Elder Brain system probably feels real good. You think when you left. You think. (laughter) Just a skosh. Next question... Well, I don't really know. The ball might have started rolling from that whisper. I think that's probably likely. But I don't know where it happened. I do remember-- what's going on, Laura? (exaggerated sneeze) (laughter) Sure, and again, still had all that stuff brewing in my head for months after the Kash kiss, and didn't want to show my hand. And we had to go deal with Stonejaw-- Gosh, I mean, two shopkeeps are beloved on this show, Gilmore and Victor. Yeah, a lot of little things came up just by chance or from art, and then we wove them backwards in time into the story. So much happens by accident. And that's the magic of the game. No no, that lost relative went on to be the nothic that I shanked underground. (laughter) Next campaign will be better, next campaign will be better. Optimized, our combat decisions will be optimized. You get to reroll things. What was it? Burning a grit or something? That's still rolls. So Luck is all-purpose, but that was like a more-limited version of. They walk alike, they talk alike. Oh well. Great episodes. But it wasn't the beginning! It was a midpoint! I don't think I realized in the game how furious Travis was. It was magical, I figured it would just come back! He'd already fucked with my shit plenty of times. I thought it was just tit for tat. I was wrong. For making that happen? I thought I was out just like I thought I was out in the Raven Queen's tomb. There were things that I wanted-- the game, because we were playing it so often, it was already evolving heavily. I hadn't worked up the gumption to say anything in the story to Keyleth. So I was like, I'm getting it out here. Also at that point, it was starting, but Vax's world was still 98% his sister. I don't know, it was just a chance to vomit out my inner monologue before exiting the game, I thought. There's also no mistaking Taliesin/Percy's utter shock and dismay at that happening. It was not manufactured, it was real. That tesseract thing, you can make another one of those, right? (laughter) Not gonna lie, I wouldn't mind playing in their campaign. Also, can anybody correct me if I'm wrong, I don't remember any whiff of any of that from the home game at all. It just percolated under the surface until we started the show. Who are you? Who am I? I'm real glad you didn't make a new character. Can you imagine Percy 30 years in the future being an old, happy fart and just going out to the window and seeing beautiful Whitestone, beautiful tree, and just the invisible imagination of that. She brought Sarenrae's faith back to the continent, didn't she? I used the Cloak of the Mountebank. Yeah, I thought I was hitting the door open button. Yeah, that was a rug yank moment. Don't Try to Get With Her The Scanlan Shorthalt Story. Reveal it. It went missing when I-- That physical belt buckle is sitting on my treasure shelf. What would have happened if he had blinked? What if he had tried to fight that deal? Such a strong, decisive leader moment at the end of that though, when you chose to get out with as many as you could, and the way that you did it. Yeah, also Keyleth. That's interesting, I'm not sure I know the answer to that. He definitely wouldn't have left without his sister. I think the challenge and the fun of it would have been having to come up with a reason despite-- it was similar to your moment. The way I thought of it was, I'm really going to have to do some tap-dancing to figure out why I'm still here. I think he would have been conflicted and dealing with it. I guess eventually it would have reached a breaking point. There was a lot of butting heads at that time in the lead-up, too, and I think part of it was off the stupid prank war. I don't know, and I often get questions like, "What would have happened if this hadn't happened?" I don't know, that's the fun of this game. May I ask a follow-up question for Matt? Was it always your plan from when we were at home to get to that, and playing every six weeks, would we have gotten to that Conclave attack this weekend? I love Freddie, he is a darkly fascinating character. I think Grog would have turned him into a skid mark. I also think it's important to say that the last time we had dealt with death was way back before it was a show. We were in our home game, and it was that and then Vex dying in the tomb were our first real brushes with death in the game, so we didn't know how likely it was. We didn't know the rituals were this strange thing-- I thought it was just this one-time thing that happened for that moment, I didn't realize it was going to be this mechanic that you implemented into the game, so both finding Gilmore and when Vex went down, at least for me, I was like, "Oh my "god, this is the end, it's all over!" And when I went unconscious, too. And we got more used to it as a game mechanic. I don't want to say we got used to it because every time was rough, but it was very new and unsettling in the beginning. Was there a name for the old beau? That she would have found on the letters? Can I ask a connected question to the armor, to Matt? Senokir's box? That's later? Okay. It's the other Horn of Orcus. That's in there, man. I was strongly considering it. I hadn't made up my mind, but I was leaning that way, because I was already forming this new branch of friendship with Pike, and being fascinated with the things that she did, and I was feeling like such a-- the same Vax who was saying, "What the fuck are we "doing here? This is stupid. There is no purpose to our lives," he saw that in Pike. First, people were like, "I think Liam's going to go cleric!" and I was like, "Nah. This is just part of the "story." But then I started believing it myself. And then, when everything... eh. And without dragging everything out of the store, rough time in my life, and when that happened, I remember we had a meeting. The group got together like a week later, and I was not happy about how that went down. I wasn't interested in the armor, I didn't want the armor. With everything going on for me, I was like, "This is so heavy, on top of my heavy." And it turned into this, I don't know, I wouldn't trade it for anything at this point. But boy, it was a tunnel. No! None of us know what we're doing. Follow-up question. Fate-touched. Always going to be a thing, or do you think that just sprang out of that moment? This fucking game. Such a ride though, that night. On my sister's behalf, I'm shocked that Vex's alignment changed and Percy's did not, because this guy is a fucked up motherfucker who did fucked up shit left and right! He gave a sword to this dude, he shot a kid through the hand! He's a lunatic! Dani Carr just ascended straight to heaven off camera. (laughter) No, you took it initially. A lot of disappointments in this game, Laura. Those were 21 headaches I saved you all. Follow-up question. Did Tova live? But it was in a bear context. Those three episodes was how long it took for us to chill the hell out. Neutral good, folks, neutral good. Follow up! Grog did or Travis did? How was the wedding? Where was it? Taliesin Jaffe. Oof. Probably one of the biggest heartbreaks of the entire campaign. Massive. If circumstances had been anything other than they were, he would not have known what to do with himself. There was just too much going on. Massive heartbreak. He was reconnecting with his daughter. No? Shoulder-mounted. Wait, go through it again. You lost me. I super hardcore remember it. Hardcore remember it. He would've done neither of those. He just would have asked why. It would have been different, even though Laura doesn't remember it, if she had not so specifically said, "Don't go off to Zephrah and get married without me there." I know! But I do! And factored it into all of my thinking. What am I supposed to do? Loot drop! Smite doesn't count because it's not a spell. Bless? Lay on Hands is not really a spell. It's like a feature. I have a name. How dare you. Delilah seemed like the brain. Oh, that's a huge question. Thank you for that consideration. If he had a week to go on a tour and see people, he would have tried to make an awkward peace with his father. He would've said goodbye to Korren at that point. The band, Korn. He listened to Elvis Costello, thank you. He would've said goodbye to his friend, Gilmore. Everything was so quick, his little sister he barely had any moment with before he was gone. I think that's it. These are the most important. Maybe I'm forgetting somebody, but these are the most important people in his life. It's his family. 100% his family. Not even like, "This is my "family, this my other." This is his only family. Vax would never see that as a failure. Never see Scanlan as a failure. Also, to both of those questions if either of them had tried to get the Wish spell off, I don't even know how it would have played out. It's complicated because in my mind as a player, the only way I was going to live is if the Raven Queen said, "You pass the test. Go. Live. Be happy and "have a handful of years." That was the only way in my mind. No, I thought it was a 5% chance. (singing) And a troll dick in some mage robes. In the final moments? I don't think there's an answer for after. This is similar-- mystery is better. But in the last moments? No, he was not bitter. It was very heavy. He felt very full as well and knew that his sister was taken care of. (laughter) I don't know what to say. Saying goodbye. Cows. Gilmore stabbing me. Vax was pretty impressed, I was pretty impressed in that last fight when we realized you'd been fighting with your hand tied behind your back the whole time, saving that spell.