Probably also talk about how you got into D&D, at what point in your life. Add that in. Some would say instantly. The longer version of that story, for anybody who doesn't know it, is several years ago-- Oh hi, I'm Liam O'Brien. Hi. Just so happy. Several years ago, I was directing Matt for the first time for a game. We knew each other, but not as well as we do now, and he would come in, and every time he came in, like a drug pusher, be like, "You should come. We could do a one-off, I "could play with you. You played when you were younger. We should play together." And I refused every time, I said, "Oh, that'd be great, but I got brand-new kids," 'cause I had brand-new kids. And then fast-forward to several years later, where Sam Riegel, who's not here, and I do a dorky podcast, and we do something dorky every time, and I thought, one time, we'll play a pen and paper roleplaying game, and we asked these yahoos, and we played the game, and it was a blast, and then everyone left and I went home that night and went, "Oh man. That was "so good. How do I tell them I want to do it again?" And I sent out an e-mail and nobody responded for a long time. Couple of days, so I felt like I had a big red N on my forehead, but then the answers trickled in and we kept playing, and now we're here and there's a baseball field behind us! (cheering) Let's play ball! It's like we were all quietly, privately going crazy when we were just playing a game, but now you guys are saying the weird whispers that we heard in our head. You're parroting them back to us. We're like, "Oh, Percy is real! He's real! I know he's real!" It's nice to have a show about D&D, huh? (cheering) We're all kind of playing ourselves, people. Let's be real. I got it, I got it. Put your hands up if you've got questions. It's the honey. You mean you thought of that right there. In the moment. It suddenly burst into your mind, and you did it right there. You guys have a baseball field behind you. You look amazing. That's a good question. You said your name was Vex. So I said, "Oh, I'll be Vax then." That's not what you said. You said, "But my name's short for Vex'halia, so you got to come "up--" And I went, "I'll be Vax'ildan." Without a beat, you went, "Oh, that's pretty good." There you go. Now you all have that. Somewhere in Tuscany, a little old Italian man is standing up in front of his computer, and swearing in Italian. I'm done. Tiberius. That's another fart reference. Any more questions? All right. What? But we're Periscoping. (inaudible audience member) Many of you have seen this moment, because Ashley made a video. It's online. You get a lot of our reactions to that, real time. I don't know about heroic, but I think the most intense moment I've had in our entire game was sneaking in with Scanlan into the mind flayers' little camp. You were just describing all the things that were in the room and we were walking quietly through the room looking at it. My heart was going like a hamster. It was intense! Any other questions? Sword. Maybe take your filter out of the way. AUDIENCE Get it right up there. AUDIENCE That's every game! As Orion is running out, please take a moment to appreciate the fact that we've been talking about Dungeons & Dragons for an hour in front of a baseball stadium. (cheering) LIAM and