(in mobster voice) When you only do it once or twice a year it's pretty fucking nerve wracking, am I right? Oh wow. It's magic! You mean Noelle, right? You just mean Noelle, right? Hell yeah! How do I do this again? Just one. Well, I'm always looking for honey. Nah. I'm going to see if I sense anything with my bear senses. That's a success! That is a one. Are we all together as group? Holy shit, get ready. I think we're going to have a tussle! Son of a fuck. The Whitestone Wonder. My man Las Vegas with the puns! Yeah, it was a good thing. Well, I don't know. I don't know, Trink. You know, we had a good thing going for a long time there and then you seemed a little less interested. Now you're in need, you come looking for us. Interesting, interesting. We are talking about the Fort Lox? What do you think, Waffle? Are the Sweets Brothers back in business? Lead away, Big Bear. I'm going first because I said so. Here it comes. Hey, that's a six. Hey, hey, hey! Badda bing, badda boom! You got all you need right here, is what I'm saying. Again! You know what they always say about Trinket. Consistency. Liam, hurry it up, you stubborn prick, you! You and that Atkins. Plusses and minuses. Peddy, you're getting back in. Take it orally, all right? Don't mess around with your backside, your snout. Straight ace. You got to start slow. Yeah. You know, we tried to tide him over with eucalyptus? Didn't work. Honorary bear. We agreed on honorary bear. Why you always got to bring it up? You're part of the family. Ten percent? Oh, we're going to beat this Bongo motherfucker like a drum. That's just talk. Point of order with the honey runner that did seem an awful lot like a heist flashback. Well, this guy just talked about a past job. He just did it. You saw it. What does he get? Extra salmon? A honey pot? All the bears got to get involved? Got it, got it, got it. You got access to that bakery shop? Fuck yeah. Ka-bear! I do not nut butthatches. Broken oyster fork. I got this, I got this. I've been working on my Common for the last seven months. Excuse me, my good gentlemen. I was wondering if there was any way for me to purchase a hat at this late hour in the evening. Does it sound like growling? Well shit. This is not working! We didn't get the hats! What are we doing? Why don't we crash it in the doorway, grab the hats, and go! I want something fancy! Oh my god! MATT, LIAM, and It didn't work the last time, but I'm going to talk to these gentlemen. *Monsieur, monsieur, monsieur*, we are traveling emissaries-- this all sounds like this (growling)-- traveling emissaries from the far shores of Huntington Gardens. We were on a honey and hat tour and we seem to have gone astray. I was wondering if you could guide us to the outskirts of town so we can cause your gentle hamburg no more trouble. That is a success. So that means I go into bear. Succeeds criminal, go into criminal? Okay. (yowling) (yowling) I eat it. He thought I was a firbolg! (cackling) Yes! You played yourself. Give him the torture hat! Yeah, and you can't get away from it, Matt. I got you. Boosh. I rolled a six. Will it fit on my gigantic head is the question. Waffle is the brains. It's a good idea. Implementation is everything. All right, so the bakery is a bust. Waffle can't remember the honey spot. What about this castle you live in? They don't got a pantry or a kitchen or nothing? Bears? Ooh! I can't believe it's not butter! Send in the muscle. Well, I am the fuckin' face of this party. Hell yeah! I mean, there's nothing wrong with a little side venture. BRIAN. We'll tell them it's magazines. Yeah, let's go up and knock on the door. Still confusing to me. Over fur. Hey, hey. This is serious. Mr. The Pooh, If I may-- Vinnie the Pooh? Oh, well-- Trust me, we give you the utmost respect on this, your daughter's wedding day. (laughter) It is indeed. And you are known far and wide across the Hundred Acres and beyond. We have come-- I meant no disrespect. What did we come here for? You cannot let this Heffalump maneuver stand. No, of course. A favor for a favor. Yeah, is it open bar, or is it a drink ticket situation, or what are we talking about here? I would like to talk up one of the beartenders, a lady beartender, and see if I can get myself an extra dose of honey. Hey, hey. I'm about to go on the road with some friends, and I'm also in the mood to get a little extra honey. I know I've already had my share, but, maybe in exchange, I happen to be a pretty well-known bear. I go by the the name of Trinket. I reside in Whitestone itself. What's her name, Lady Vix'squalia is-- Well, you know, they do nothing but give you honey all day, everything's made out of honeycomb, and lots of people scratch your fur and your butt and stuff all day. Yeah. Look, I got to get out of here pretty quick, but you are welcome to come over and visit Whitestone anytime you want. Yeah. You just ask for Trinket and you say-- "It's high noon," you're in like that. I couldn't look over until I finished it! This is why I don't understand why we are not a permanent team, Trink. I mean, we work together well. I'm sure your people are nice, but come on! And even if, it still deserves attention. Does this involve your dicks? Hey, whoa! I want a little explanation! Just don't whip it out on us, all right? Proceed. They're also very judgmental of penis size, so you might want to send them on up the road. We'll leave the dicks alone. Can't hammer the dicks. In gameplay terms, is there any way to get the dick back up? It's an age-old problem. Oh, careful, that dick is moving! It's just like Waffle and my grandpappy said Jiggle it a little, it'll fit. Got to be tender sometimes and sometimes you got to be hard. Oh, so you're game devs. As I'm standing here watching my friends play this game, I can't help but think you know, any good game, any time that I've enjoyed, involves balls. Am I right or am I wrong? I don't know, workshop it, maybe. He's going to cock it up! Holy shit. This is not looking good. I'm going to hammer it. I'm going to tap it and tap it. You just got to tap it. That's how you tap it. You're exploding all over the place, Peddy! I mean, regardless of the outcome here, I feel like you fellas should maybe head south. We just came from a wedding. Instead of standing there with your dick in your hands? Maybe stop complaining about dicks and maybe try to use some. Okay. This is going to be a little hard. On. Me. But I think I can do it. No. That's a bad call. All right, Waffle use those smarts. Hang some brain. We got to hurry this up; I am running out of genitalia puns. Is it me, Waffle? It's not looking good; I am not the brains; I am not the muscle. I don't know how to drive. I've never stolen nothing. Oh boy. Oh the pressure. I bet he would-- is he glued to that? There is no way to win here. You don't know what I've tapped. We'll talk about that later. I don't think there's any way to win here. Ah! Fuck it, let's move on to the next-- I might have done a little time. I could have been in the Bear Acuda if I wanted to! I don't know how that's going to work. So that can go down, but the bear's up. He's still up. Unlike you fellas. Oh jeez. Well, gentlemen. Cool. Super cool. That's pretty good. That's pretty good. Have fun at the seduction seminar! That got weird. You got to massage it a little, you know. Finesse it. But you don't want to, you know. You don't want to mash it. Are you saying we're just playing a game and we're resuming the game? Let's do that. Yeah! United front, I say. Hey, I'm sorry, I got one question are we talking about like a small hole? Because there's nothing more embarrassing than a bear getting stuck in a hole. I love it so much. Oh. My. Goodness. So, it's a five-digit code somewhere between salmon and bamboo? All right. And that's whole of what you know? Well, we got Waffle. He's pretty smart, so I'm sure he's going to figure it out. Direct. Who's Rufus? This is-- this is not-- This is not proper roleplay. This is not proper roleplay. It's pretty accurate. It only could be more accurate if she was reading it off of script papers taped to our chests. I bet you wish you could control me like one of your fucking Muppets with your hand up my ass, huh? It's an emotional day. It's cool to partake. He offered for us to get some more honey. I mean, I got some, but you can never have enough. What about something to beat a bear over the head with? Who're talking to? The who? Like a Mast-bear of Ceremonies? What're you-- Also, I don't know if there is a bear jamboree for the wedding, but if there's any instruments lying around, I might grab an instrument. Bear Master told me to do it! Ow! Let's find that Pooh hole. That's a fuck of a lot of honey. Oh, baby. You should stick to what you're good at. Do we got any of that left for you? Chew on that, let Cookie and Waffle search out the smell of honey. Both. We're honey bears. Success! Nobody can hide honey from The Sweets Brothers. Tear that motherfucker a new poo hole. I can see it in my mind's eye. Cookie blurts out Fuck him up, Liam! Honey badger don't give a shit! You got a dark side, Tuxpin. Sure enough. Yeah, strip this bear, I want to put on his clothes. Oh yeah! Between salmon and bamboo. That's it. This dumb fuck has got it in his pocket. Instead it is salmon, bamboo, salmon, salmon, bamboo. It's true, it's hard to tell which side is up. I think this is it. Maybe it's that. There's four options. That's only in their comics. Keypad. So-- I mean, I think that-- You're The Brains. By the by, do I look like a ninja and shit now? Is there enough pieces to put together, something like that? Like a tandem bike? Yeah, and Trinket's been hanging out with what's-his-face, that guy. He's half an albino. Quincy! Yeah, the detective. He makes stuff. So you could give some advice, maybe. Make a Bolo check. When are bolos going to come back into fashion? Welcome to 90 seconds ago, Las Vegas. Seem strange, but-- I don't question scientists. I'm not an expert, but I'm coming to my brother's defense. I'm going to nut-punch him! Success! What I'm going to do is-- I remember all those Beauregard comic books I read as a kid, and I'm going to take him around the neck. I'm going to bear-kour across the wall and then try to slam downward and bring him down to the ground so that Waffle can question him. That's a success. I was in it, Matt. I was in it! He's all yours, bro-bro! Don't worry. It's just the tap. You will if they meet their goal. We good here, Waffle? I tap him in the nose and choke him out. I'm not fucking going back to prison, all right? While they do that, I'm going to practice my capo-bear-a moves. (muffled) Let's do this shit! (muffled motorcycle imitations) I felt like Vinnie the Pooh for a second there. Training you how? The Nutcracker. You like honey, Kody? Hey, you got any bamboo left? Pass the hat, guys. You failed twice! In one second! To be fair, you haven't slept in 36 hours. First it's dicks, now it's balls. What the heck is that? Oh. Like it sends out a stick? Wow. Powerful words. We're so sorry. Yes, I would like to do my best imitation of the hairless bears-- also known as people-- and lift the lid off of one with my claws. (growling) That is a failure. I got a fucking splinter! Oh jeez. The splinter? This is bringing up feelings in me. It feels right That's just right. Got to get in. Magical aura? Magical aura? What are you looking at Peddy? Oh it's covered in glyphs. Rewind. Rewind. Oh, it's a fish. Right. Because it's the Acuda, right? It's the left, right, right, left thing again. Yep, yep. She's within a thousand feet of you right now, yeah? Good, we're set. I'm downing my extra cocktail. I think you're better suited for the gun, for some reason. Do I need that shiny stuff to set these things off? All right, I've got a good throwing arm. Let's do this. We do it for the honey. That's kind of the idea, yeah. I mean, we're bears. It's the greatest thing in life! (stuttering) But can you still eat it? (whispering) What is an atom? Whoa! Sidenote Matt and I just learned the other day that, seven days without a pun makes one week. (groaning) The ninjas are still up? All right, Cookie remembers his training with Yogi Berra, and throws the the fireworks at the two ninjas! That is a big failure. Shoot it in his mouth, Waffle! (cheering) Shove them in! Shoot it in his mouth! Or whatever the Exandria equivalent is. The bear is ours. Ten million space bucks! Jump on the panda bike! I can't bear it! Tuxpin, get me close to that bear! At what? I'm the little bear and I'm boxing him in the nuts as hard as I can! I have not stopped mauling his balls! Come to your senses, Trinket! Come back to us! I got to make sure! Okay. Maybe just a little bit more! Okay. Scraping the honey off the walls. Yeah. The bongo is no long-o. Let's go reap the spoils. Oh yeah, because he was taken down by Bear Acudas. His dying words were, "For The Pooh!" Yes! Don LaFontaine? In a world where honey was the greatest currency-- Don Mario Brothers.