Hi, I'm Liam O'Brien. Aww. Give that man advantage. (laughter) My name is Kurt. I come from the northern hills. Barbarian folk. I don't wear much. I don't have much patience. Don't test it. I can go that way. Kurt. The fuck are you?! (yelling) Nobody can understand what you're saying. Jesus, you fuckers talk a lot. He's asking you where the shitter is. Are you asking us to work together? Or to compete against one another? (laughs) We're going to get your shit done for you. Where are we going? Cort stands up and says, I've had enough. I report to Edna and no one else. Let's fucking do this. He kicks the door open and leaves. Go fuck yourself! Here. Take that. There, that's better. Classic encounters. Yeah, no Tarrasques please. One. I'm sorry, zero. Excuse me, zero. Oh Jesus. 11. I believe it was me. I forgot to mention before-- Oh you were? Go for it then. Thunderwave. Oh, you didn't prepare it. What's your-- I walk over to the boy and I kneel down and I say, listen, and I take the wooden sword out of his hand and I toss it. You want to fucking let some blood today? You use one of these. And I've got-- all I'm wearing is a leather thong and I have five small iron hammers on my belt, and I take one out and I say, fucking use this and you'll paint the blood out of anyone's skull. Use this, Boy-o. It'll work. 15. I head back and I pick her up over me shoulder and I just put her on and I just start carrying her through the mud. Nah, it's good for you, you like it. Use it or lose it, lady. (Brooklyn accent) Wait a minute, wait a minute. Wait a minute! The fuck happened to my fucking Celtic accent?! This is fucking bullshit! God damn it, I'm from the fucking Highlands. The fuck? What are you looking at? God damn it. I would like to fucking rage, and I take out hammers and I just start punching the shit out of the trees around me. I'm fucking angry. God damn it! I used to have a fucking charming accent and now I sound like a fucking mook. Top of the morning to ya. Top of the morning to-- fucking hell. My armor class is 16. When I find the Critter who took my fucking Irish accent we're going to have words. We're going to have words. Dance, Mercer, dance. (laughter) Eyy! An actual deck. We need an actual deck. Salty Pete is now level nine. (laughter) Matt, can we take intermission at some point? Where's the boy? Where's the boy? I want to walk over to the goblin. I know there's one right behind me, I'm just going to keep walking. If it takes a swing, I don't give a fuck. I don't give a fuck, yeah. I'm going to walk towards the goblins by the boy. Yeah. And now, you might not have noticed it before, guys, but I got almost-- what do I got? Does it come back? I get a prop toy? So I walk over to him, and you guys might not have noticed this before, but I got nothing on but leather thongs and a tattoo of a badger on my chest. Half of my chest is a tattoo of a badger, and I'm already in a rage, because right before the fight started, I went into a rage. I take my free hand and I fucking rake it down my chest, and I say, let's go, Gary! And take my warpick off my back, and I want to recklessly attack the one that struck the boy. I want to split him right down the fucking middle. Am I getting a magic weapon? Is that what this is? It's unclear. All right. So I'm going to use this magic weapon. I'm attacking recklessly. I got two 17s, so that's a 21. (counting) 12. The blood splashes onto me, and I look down at the kid, and I wipe it off my face, and I wipe it down his head, and I say, today you are a man. Strength or dex for him? You weren't prepared for that, were you? Plus five to both of those. 17 and 12. Is it the bear's strength bonus? Add two more points of damage to that. Wow, it rolled up on the dice. Not too good. Aw, that's sweet. Work that unicorn, girl! The unicock! You can run up to any enemy who's five feet away from one of your allies and distract them. I played as a rogue for three years before I could do that! How do I top that? Oh, jeebus. What enemies are left? I don't-- All right. I'm running towards-- there's one by Edna and Snugglelord? I'm running over. And I yell-- and it's attacking Edna? And I say, (irish accent) "Nobody--" Fuck! (Brooklyn accent) Nobody touches my fucking girlfriend! Come here, you! And I take the hammer, right in his head. That's a 19. Seven, nine, 11. Age is just a number, all right? And I take some of the blood off my weapon and I smear it on Edna's face and say, now you are a man. The accent is back? So Kurt drops to his knees and openly starts weeping and hugs the badger to him and says, I lost Gary five years ago, and there's been a hole inside me ever since! You, little man, you and I are going to go places! And he's into my tattoo. That's fucking beautiful. Is Frenching you in the swamp a euphemism? I'm petting Gary under a tree and watching all this. I grab Ed and say, it doesn't mean a thing, baby! And I kiss him. Kurt holds her bosom and says, my tattoo's now three-dimensional! Feel these! They're fantastic! Roll a what? What's going on? I take the war pick off my back, and I start walking toward the mound. 20. Right. Well, obviously I would like to fucking rage! And I push my beautiful mane of hair back and slap my-- oh, fucking hell, that hurts. Let's do this, Gary! And Gary the badger flies out of my breast and lands in front of me, ready to fight by my side. And I pull up one of my hammers and flip it in my hand, and as soon as I catch it, I throw it at the fucking thing. Oh, that's terrible. Oh, terrible, terrible. It flies right by. That was a regular one. I'm just fucking glad I'm Irish again. Is it a dex save? Oh, that hits. That's rough. Strength saving throw. I get advantage on that, so that's a 15. Don't worry. Salty Petunia's going to save us all. Good job there, handsome. Oh, right. Things change so fast here. It's hard to remember. When does Gary go? On my turn instead of me, or in addition to me? In addition to me? All right. Well, first, I'm going to attack this fucker with my war pick. No, with this magic fucking hammer I have right here, and I'm going to recklessly attack while in a rage. But I get advantage with reckless attack, right? So that's terrible. Get him, Gary! Go for the eyes! Oh, a three. Five with the-- No, seven with advantage. An attack for Gary? All right. Oh jeez, I don't know what a badger's stats are. I rolled a 13. That's five of angry badger damage because he's a barbarian as well. Oh, I've missed you, Gary! What was that again? How long do we do this for? Give me my fucking book. Jesus, Mary, and Joseph. My AC is 16. I think. Stop feeling my boob! What are you doing? Well, that's actually quite nice. (singing) I feel better. I feel pretty and alive. What the fuck was that? (singing) I rolled an 11. (singing) That fucking stings. (singing) I rolled a 13, and Gary rolled a 12. I make out with my girlfriend. We make out a little. Oh, that's sad. Well, if she'll have me-- No, Kurt works fine. If she'll have me, I ask Edna to marry me, and I'd like to raise badgers until she passes, and I carry on her memory. I'll see you when you get home.