He could eventually evolve into Michelangelo of painting minis, but we will never let him forget that one. That's too far away! I’m offended on behalf of All Work No Play. I know we only do one episode a year. Marisha has got to be happy. But it was all under his watchful eye. Well, months ago you hinted a little bit at something, but didn't want to go into full detail, behind the scenes, because we were still knee deep in it all. It wasn't just me, a couple of us asked, what would have happened if Vax hadn't stuck his dick in the mashed potatoes and stopped Raishan from doing what she was going to do, and you mentioned that she'd-- and what would happen next? So if we hadn't run blindly in she would have poofed-- That's what campaign two is for, that's a Beastie Boys reference. The new team presumably, what you had said to me once was, would have run into her having lorded over where we're going to be. You talked about her being the next-- Shitting all over everything where we're going to be. Part of her argument during negotiations was, "I'll get what I want and then you won’t have to deal with me at all, I'll be gone." She would have just pooped on Wildemount. Oh shit, I don't remember, Matt. Pathfinder. Home. That's it, that's totally it. Nithflufloff. He might have actually accomplished something for me, once. Maybe twice. I cheered up a kid, showed him my snake. He was my pet and he was less problematic than Vex's pet, and it was easy. Like a belt that turns into a snake. Also, when Vex finally stop making the hork sound, both of our shoulders dropped. Yeah, your face was manic, for that entire thing. There was a great art in the Christmas Gallery. I don't know the artist's name yet because it was their first art ever. It was one of two clockwork pieces done, and it shows just different vignettes, and they did, in a circle, the Scanbo moment. And it had Scanlan with the bandana on his head, but holding Bigby's Hand like a gigantic AK. Cliff diving accident. This game is just Cooking Mama. (fart noise) You shouldn’t have said that shit now! (laughter) Point of order! I believe the "Taint Rules" apply in this situation! (laughter) In the end? (confused noises) I don’t know how to answer that. RQ, man, RQ let him be there at the end there, at the end. And taint points? That was my follow-up question. What percentage is Travis and what percentage is Grog? No, but it's the only way for the DM to get at him. Wasn't he also grappled by something in the fight with the elder brain? Like you got too close to a cage and got snagged by something in the cage? Oh, that's K'varn? But this is the year that we reclaim dignity! (laughter) It's a plus one hammer. I wonder what Sylas' toilet chats were like? Does Sylas Briarwood even take a shit? Story-wise, when he was a strapping young buck, was he taking physics and engineering classes, tutors? Was it Lawrence who taught him how to make Doty? Ashley is not here Brian. And all underground when they dimension shift it's just beehives under the earth. Every Gilmore's Glorious Goods should have a little Slayer's Cake inside it. Oh man, tainted love is a complicated thing. (sighs) I mean he feels guilty about leaving everybody. He didn't regret anything he did in his life that was stupid and there was so much. But leaving people behind were his biggest regrets. For a long time, and I said this at some point like six months ago, that his biggest regret was disappointing Gilmore. That was eclipsed by disappointing Keyleth, and leaving the family. But Gilmore is a huge thing for me, Liam. I mean, I kissed guys in college. You think I'm pulling this out of thin air? Come here, baby. (laughter) His name was Kevin Harris, it was on the-- A little bit! Gilmore was one of many things that was like a huge, blessing and surprise, that I had no idea that Dungeons and fucking Dragons would give to me. And I loved that I had that story with Matt. How many games did we have at home total? Eleven? Fifteen? Seventeen? Gilmore was not in the majority of those. It was the minority, right? But he was super memorable and we loved our encounters with him, but it wasn't a lot. And then we're like, "Oh, we hope this NPC that we thought was so entertaining and so amazing will show up in the game." And then it evolved rapidly. Again, it just comes from us doing it every week instead of every week instead of every six weeks. That feels right as well, like all day feels right. You used to also have to corral us every game too. For like the first hour, it would be like "Ah!" And we would be catching up and drinking mimosas. And you'd be like-- Steve Bannon. She is a relentless stalker. Which was the Pike and Vax game at home. Wasn't that the setup for the Pike and Vax game? You're welcome! Yeah, tongues. Stick of tongues. It's right here! Is he not dead by now? That was backstory for one game that Ashley and I played because we both missed a home game. Matt was gracious enough to give us a game together. Then three and a half years later, I'd totally forgotten about it, we're live on the internet, and you were like, "By the way," and I was like, what the fuck was the story? How did it go? I don't know. I'm telling it to Laura, but I don't know what I'm talking about! We all survived. We know. Nugget? I'm coming back from the dead to ask you why! It's like George Foreman. They are all Percy. Even the girls are all Percy. Good name. Jerry Salami's coming for you. (sings) Whoa. That's bingo! TAl My abs. You once said to me behind the scenes, "If he doesn't make a move, it's never going to happen." That fact would have mentally tortured her far more than the actual killing blow. We'll just keep saying taint, that's fine. Sure. Yeah, we don't know what his class is, we know what everybody else's class is, but not Taliesin Jaffe. I have so many questions, though. So many questions. Are we all getting kicked off? Is that what's happening? Well, I think I'll have some of that fine, Japanese whiskey that's in the other room.