I like seeing the hundreds of pictures we've seen of new games that you guys are playing. A lot of people who watch the show have never played D&D, didn't know what it was when they started. We've seen hundreds of photos of people around card tables and dining room tables. It's amazing to see this game that we quietly loved on our own at home, spreading the way it is. I mean, it's been around for ages but I feel like it's really kind of setting on fire. Sam in a random game at Laura and Travis' dining room table, putting his finger here, is now the stuff of legend. You're going to put it right out there, huh? Born out of love. I'll also say, I have one last thing to add. Before this show was a show, when it was just a game, oh boy. I, in a very real way, hit rock bottom when this was just our game at home. Then I did it again during this show. The people you're seeing up here are the closest, outside of my own family, are my family. We're not faking it. We weren't cast. These are the closest people in my life. They helped me work through some shit on stage. It's one of the greatest gifts in my life. We are role models! Who wants another mimosa? We all can't wait till Travis has to play a 19-intelligence general or wizard next campaign. Lot of ideas. When you made your entrance and saw all of our faces, did you feel like you had walked into a seedy tavern on the wrong side of town? Like, some guy breaking a bottle and sizing you up? That guy can write! Is that in character? Vax will probably always step in front of trains if he thinks it will keep the family safe. Yeah, you never play. You've only played 500 hours. I can do it. Temporarily thinking, one last job. Just one last job, until it all fucks up again. Oops, sorry. Oh, it must be a weird setlist, like, Godfried, Chocolate Rain. Matt is generally one of the kindest people I've ever met, but those quiet waters run deep, man. You don't know what's under the surface. (hums Jaws theme) I had it too, though. When Gilmore shanked Vax, in my mind, I was like, how dare you! How dare you! Grog with the Bag of Holding has brought us so much joy. The worst dimension ever. Sounds like Hell within a Hell. Said the woman covered in blood?