I am a professional. Coffee? Yes. Who sent these, who sent these? "For the stealthiest and gloomiest boy ever." It's like they know me. Yeah. How's everybody's day? What are they? I'll open it. Can we blind each other with these? Leon Kennedy. Trigger to what? Let's see. Open the box. Oh my gosh, that's perfect. Well, I'm going to read this. You know, I'm always gun-shy about reading things right away, because then there's a little hidden note that says, "By the way, PS, "don't read this on the air." Oh man, I launched out of work like a cannon and I still got here late. This is going on my desk at home. This is a giant d20 that Chad has named the Kraken, and it's made from the wood of a pistachio tree. (laughter) This is going to sit on my desk. Thank you, Chad. This is a very special gift. Thank you. Thank you, I'm really touched. Thank you for that. Wow. This is not a die, this is a murder weapon. Yeah, here. Anyone who rolls up in my office is gonna get bludgeoning damage. On a soft service, carpet. But what if I get a one? That would be bad. Well, I'll just lie. Here, I'll hide it. Don't tell the truth. You've got the word "lie" right in your name. It's a 20! It was a three. It still means a lot to me, that's going to go right on my office desk. It's just two hours of Gregorian chant. Did we get the name of the fan? Sis! Who made these? Miles of candy. Where did Taliesin go? There he is. What's up, Dani Carr? Worst class. Love you. So special. Alt universe. I got it. Aw! I wish I could show these to my Grandma O'Brien. (singing) Happiness is a cursed gun. Yeah, man. Yeah I do. Since last week. Oh, are we a football game? Can I see other people's? Can I see your stack? Yeah, man. Thanks for the pity chuckle! Denise, also capable of rolling a 43 on stealth. Every week. Is that your final answer? This one looks exciting. I'm going to search. What's in here is cool, but I want to see if there's a name anywhere. No? That is the only way to sneak methamphetamines. So guys, we got some custom-made Pop! toys, and there's notes inside, so I'm just going to hand them out. You play Percy. You play Kiki. Pass this on down to my boyfriend Shaun Gilmore, and then we'll hold Grog and Scanlan and Pike here. I'm taking the Vax out. Taking Vax out is a euphemism. Who's it from? TALIESIN and Oh, @rudenesses is the Critter who gave me the "Raishan Shot First" T-shirt that I wore recently! So thank you again. Oh, she meant Vax. How many people are watching us reading? Oh! Carly, thank you so much. Ugh, I love you, but ugh, you pissed me off, but aw, I love you! Oh no, his ear didn't make it. I need some Krazy Glue for his ear! We got it. Ah, screw you. Oh, it's melting in my hand. I haven't had a sugar snack in weeks. Lauren G. Meyers sent Taliesin and I skull casts. Wow. Thank you so much. Yeah, I might be able to do something with this soon. Screw those bastards! Laura, take it. It's yours. This one doesn't say who it's from, unless it's from the company Field Notes Brand, but it's a bunch of little field notebooks, and I can only believe that somebody wants the rest of us to take the heat off Marisha and start taking notes. I want some! Laura doesn't get them all! I have a present for us here from Derek Wilson, @cart_exists. He sent some customized coasters, two for each of us. Some of the quotes you might remember, they stand out, like Scanlan. "You spice?" And Matthew's say "How do you derr-de-derr-derr?" But some of them are lesser-known. Grog's is "I have an intelligence of six, I know what I'm doing." Keyleth's says "We're "all cows, just embrace it." Percy's medium-iconic, "I'm in the pyjamas with the butt-flap. The "butt-flap is down." Pike, "This temple goes to a six." Vex's say, "I'm going to attack it twice, "because I'm original." And Vax's says, "She's working for the Illuminati and we're basically the "A-Team, so I think she might know a little better." Thank you very much, Derek. No, no, Travis said that anything that he got when he's not here goes to me, so I will take those home. Check this out. Check this out. Best t-shirt I've ever been sent. Of all the other t-shirts I've been sent, this is the best one. Look at that! Yes, and I will don it proudly. Yeah, okay. (laughter) This print-art shirt is from Jeff Kielessen, who lives where many of my kin live. Can I see the letter? Hold on. Oh, man. Oh, I got a letter, too. I'm going to read the letter first. No, you all are waiting on me. Look at this amazing motherfucker right here. Oh, yes! Yes. Ah, facehugger's in it! Beth, thank you, and thank you. What! Whoa! Oh my God! On the set! This is something for Sam. So many Critters were involved in this. So many! This is a list of the Critters involved in the making of this. Yeah. This for Sam, we should show it on air, right? But like, don't we want to acknowledge the work put into this? Okay. God, I recognize so many names on this list. Yeah, that's what we'll do. We'll bring it on Thursday on the top of the show. For Sam for later. Is that a feat you took? "There once was a swell guy named Liam/Many players just wanted to be him/He often played "risky/But never played briskly/To his haters, come on, it's a ga-em." (laughter) #FateTouched. Oh my goodness gracious. Oh my goodness. We've got to go bowling right after the show. All right. Vicky Banks made us individual goodie bags with different things in them. I'm going to pass yours down. There's a letter with each. I read the overall letter. Thank you, Vicky. The bags are individualized. I got a theatre nerd bag. Oh, hi, you guys. Do you like my new hat? I don't know what you're laughing at. What's this? I don't know what this is. (Gollum voice) What is it? It's kidneys. It could be a dead thing. Yeah, what is that? You're turning into one of those old ladies from Labyrinth with the 500 things on her back. "Do you have any purple soda left?" Do it at home with a pencil. You gave me that mirror. Oh, wow. I'll take that. We saved thousands. Also, I can't wait, I hope to live to see that after civilization falls and you guys trick out your Mad Max car with five dragon heads on it. Well, if we all have shotguns, we'll keep the attackers away. Yeah, but they'll be witnessed. I've got a couple things over here. I have a big page of limericks and some gifts from Adam Schwartz, Tiamat_ZX, who I see active on Twitter. He's sent us a big page of limericks. I'm going to read two, because there's a lot. Let's do both of Sam's. "Oh Scanlan he could lie and deceive/But when alone his mother he "would grieve/He never showed his true colors/To himself nor the others/But by the time they knew, "he'd made his leave." Too soon. "If you've heard of Tary the daring/Then you know he is quite "overbearing/He's naive and a fool/But he's skilled with a tool/And his compassion is not a red "herring." And he sent along two Dungeons and Dragons Kre-O sets that I am commandeering for Sam and my children. Thank you, thank you! Well, it's not Lego, it's Kre-O. You know, the Hobbit Lego, Gollum comes with tiny fish. I don't know, but if it doesn't, I don't want it. I've got another one over here. This sounds like dice. It's dice! No. "To Vex and Vax", "To the wonderful cast of Critical Role." You read the one to the twins and I'll read the one to the cast of Critical Role. Who's it from? Joshua Green. Does it say to keep private? I don't know. Australia. Okay. One of these-- there's four sets of dice in here. I'm trying to figure out what's going on. Oh my gosh. What the hell is going on? The green swirl dice. Green swirl dice? Yeah, that says Kiki. This also says Kiki, so that goes to Marisha as well. Laura gets the pink one. Oh, I get none of these. Pass this down to Laura and this to Matt. Yeah, but what color is your die? Thank you, Joshua. Oh no, Scotch Tape just unfollowed us. Laura is the physical reincarnation of Pinterest. Or the PO box office says, "Get your ass over here, god damn it." "What's wrong with you people?" And please give to the Planetary Society before our planet implodes. You can keep sending pegasi to Laura Bailey, though.