(howling) Hello! Welcome to Critical Role, Laura! Welcome! Guys, thank you for coming to our annual Burning Man placeholder episode! My werewolf extravaganza! I'm so excited to have new players with us tonight, though. I don't know if the cameras can see them. Erica Luttrell is here, TJ Storm is here! These three fools that I'm bored with! Fun fact TJ, you've been DMing for how many decades, did you say? Three decades. So when I inevitably forget rules, I will either ask TJ what he thinks, or pull it out of my ass because I don't care. Very excited to dig into this, but first we have announcements. That's how we do this, right? SAM, TRAVIS, and First off, just announced today, we are doing a live show in NYC, New York City. Live show. Your town. My town. Join us at the United Palace in Washington Heights on Thursday, October 4th. Tickets will be on sale at 1200pm Eastern via Ticketmaster. Check out the details at critrole.com. Our first episode of Handbooker Helper-- that's the name-- which teaches you the basics of using dice, is live now at youtube.com/criticalrole. Please don't. Ooh, Dani Carr is sneaking in like a rogue! There's notes in there? Shut that down! Raiding the cookie jar. We should also talk about Pablove. There's some kind of shenanigans with Laura going on over there, so I guess let's talk merch announcements. We have got (like Laura) in the store right now, hey hey hey! Do we have all our regular stuff too? Is there anything else that I'm forgetting to do? You know why TJ is my favorite guest we've ever had? He brought us Red Vines. That's what I meant. I meant Grasping Vines, thank you for the Grasping Vines. We like D&D here. That having been said, I think we should take a break so we can come back from the break so can play some motherfucking werewolves. So let's go to break so we can then dive into Critical Role. [click, TV static] [groovy Critical Role theme] Okay, I don't want anyone to think that Laura is a really bad D&D player, even though she is. So Matt for some reason, maybe an act of sabotage before he left for the desert, signed into Laura's iPad, and now Laura can't get into her iPad to get at her-- Here's the good news. You work on that, because to begin this game, it is storytime. Oh, I get to use all of Matt's toys! Where does he get these wonderful toys? Did it do it? It did it. On the edges of the Cyrengreen Forest, not too terribly far from the city of Deastok, on the continent of Wildemount, stands Lorelei Castle, home for many generations to the Lorelei family. The Lorelei bloodline stretches back almost three centuries but only rose to prominence during the war between the Dwendalian Empire, which we now reside within, and the Julous Dominion, which once ruled the southern half of the Marrow Valley in the preceding age. The Loreleis proved their worth in that conflict and were gifted for their service with a stretch of land that you five siblings were born and raised on. It was also during the bloody struggles of that long past war that the bloodline would be changed forever. During a near fatal encounter, your ancestor, Alfarr Lorelei, was bitten, near the end days of the war. The curse of lycanthropy burned its way into the blood of Alfarr in a relentless fever that nearly drove him mad, but he did not bend to it. He persisted, as did his daughter, and her sons, and so on. The family's secret has been closely guarded over the centuries, and in its earliest days, the curse was seen as just that, a curse. But with time came acceptance, and the responsibility of power. Once of age, Lorelei youths eventually undergo The Taming of their wilder nature and their animalistic blood, and it has largely been responsible for the family's ascension over many a generation. Some have faltered. There have certainly been dark periods in the Lorelei history, individuals who let their baser impulses rule them. But the family always returned to the right and the good. Aurra. Lucius. "Lu-see-us" or "Lu-shus?" Portia. And the twins, Benicio and Lawrence. You know a little of this struggle yourselves. At least, you hear tell from your father-- I love this game. At least you hear tell from your father and your great aunt Katerine. Your father, Haldur Lorelei, never knew his own mother, Genevieve Lorelei, but by his aunt Katerine's account, she was unbridled and wild, spurned The Taming, embraced the animal within more than the family would have liked. It led to her doom, they would say. It was that very nature that drew her into a whirlwind romance with a man the family did not approve of. Haldur, or Hal, was born out of wedlock and never knew his mother. She was murdered not far from the castle grounds and found in a wolven heap. Her father was dead, or fled, or possibly killed Genevieve, the family theorized, anyway. The only mother Hal knew was Aunt Katerine, who loved her sister's son with all her heart, raised him well, led him through The Taming, made him the kind and just nobleman he is today. Sadly, history repeats and repeats, and Katerine is mostly the only mother you five have known either. When your mother Rosalind died during the birth of the twins, old though she was, Katerine dutifully continued her role as the family matriarch. Aurra, you, as the oldest, and you, Lucius, two years Aurra's junior, you both remember Rosalind some, but for all of you, it has been old Aunt Kat who sat by your beds as children, who taught you your letters. And how Haldur and Katerine love you! You've grown into your adulthood with grace and strength and absorb the lessons of your forebears... to an extent. Aurra, you were meant to rule this house after your father is someday gone, but like your grandmother Genevieve and others with that wilder streak in the family's history, you have eschewed The Taming. In fact, much to your father's heartache, you have chosen instead to wander the wilds, forsaking civilized nobility entirely. He loves you and you love him, but it's been complicated. Lucius, in a similar vein, you too have chosen a path outside of the Lorelei's elder traditions. You were but a child when you heard the voice of the Moonweaver whispering to you by the light of the full moon. You soon began praying to her nightly. When you were old enough to make up your own mind, you followed her voice to the temple and found your second family. It was really Portia, accomplished and driven Portia, who first fit the mold of the Lorelei noble. You excelled at everything, demanded to undergo The Taming two years early, and while you love your older siblings dearly, you know if they have no desire to rule, you will gladly assume that seat of power. Then there are the twins. Our two burly, hulking twins. Studious and serious-minded Larry. Lawrence, really. You underwent The Taming, as was expected, and you're prepared to offer what the family requires, but your true love is logic, reason, and the study of this curse that runs through your family's blood. Perhaps it can be better understood and better used for the good of House Lorelei. If anyone can do so, it is you. Then there is you, Benicio. Slightly taller than your twin brother, with none of the useless fixation on books, you couldn't wait to undergo The Taming. You had an itch for danger from an early age and were impatient to enter your adult life and flex. Power. It was this love of trouble, actually, that led you to burning your arms so badly all those years ago, all in an attempt to prank your twin by sabotaging one of his explorations of alchemy. Lesson somewhat learned. Two weeks ago, each of you received identical letters from your father Haldur, summoning you home to Castle Lorelei. Intimated in those letters is his wish to discuss the family's future and the handing down of power within the family. You all have been spread to the winds the last six months to a year, maybe, following the individual threads that life has laid before you. Now, Hal is eager to see his children all around him again. As yet another token of his love, he has provided you all with three days and nights of rest, recuperation, and general pampering together at one of the finest inns in Deastok The Shaded Bough. It is here that we begin this current verse in the song of the Lorelei. You are gathered in the sumptuous dining room of The Shaded Bough. Your breakfast is finished, your bags are packed. B-O-U-G-H. TRAVIS and Your horses have been prepped for your departure, and it is raining. Yeah, so do I. Where is it? Where is it, Matthew? Drop a beat. The morning is yours. It is about a day's journey home to Castle Lorelei. You have a way you go. We have a shortcut that will get you there before sun is down, but it does not look as much fun as you expected it to be with the heavy rain. Yeah, you just finished your breakfast in a very fancy dining hall. You spent the last three days getting facials, steaming, catching up. I would like to thank whatever videogame company screamed you hoarse to make you sound so deep. Well, if there's any business you want to see to, you can certainly can, but we could also hit the road, if you'd like. Hoods up, into the rain. You leave the Shaded Bough, mount up, and ride out of the larger city of Deastok. It's slow going. The visibility is low, the rain is pouring in sheets, but you are taking the same path you always have when traveling between Deastok and your home. The quickest route there is following the main road for three or four hours. There's a particular field that you're all familiar with, which, if you cut across, there is a stream there-- a small river, Wispern River-- which you cut over and you can get home by the end of day. If that's the way you want to take, or you can take the long way, which, I don't know why you would. There is a great deal of trouble. Not in these parts, we're more towards the east in Wildemount but to the west there is mounting confrontation with the country of Xhorhas. All the military forces have been sent in that direction. Rumors-- Hey man, I don't know what Matt's planning, so let's keep it vague, shall we? But word has gotten back to you, not generally known, but to you Lucius, that it's not been going well on the front. No, there is definitely hiring of-- there is a criminal element in Deastok and you do keep tabs on it, but nothing-- no bump certainly that would alarm you. Okay. So Portia wisely avoids the Wispern River, anticipating possible flooding, so it's going to be a long journey. It will take the better part of the day; you might not make it by sundown this time. In fact, in the interest of time, we'll say that you ride all day in the wain-- LIAM and Mawwaige. (singing) Werewolves in the wain. (speaking) See, we're very serious here. You spend most of the day riding and getting sopping wet and miserable and you are looking forward very much to seeing all of the familiar faces who work in the castle; the cooks, the people in the stable, all the familiar faces and catching up with your father. You maybe are a little anxious about seeing him for the first time in a while, but still. The sun does eventually set and you ride for a bit in the dark. You do have, in your belongings, some hooded lanterns which is lucky because that's the only thing that would stay lit in weather like this. Castle Lorelei is built on a tall hill, a ways from the road on the edge of the Cyrengreen Forest so you've spent a lot of your youth poking into those woods and getting into trouble, you especially. Nostalgia always hits when you return. But something is off this time. Returning home at night-- which you've done before, this is not the first, but coming around a bend about a mile away from Lorelei Castle, you're used to seeing lights twinkling on the horizon, few fires and torches in various places in the castle, but you don't see any of that today. It is pouring rain, it is very dark out, and you're a little bumped a mile out from home. Luci, only you notice as you draw even a little bit nearer that the gates to the castle are open as well. You're doing it, you're doing it! There are multiple entrances to the castle. There's one at the back. There's one on each side, in fact. On the back side of the castle, facing towards the woods, and the family cemetery grounds, and the fields you played in. You guys loop around in the dark. Okay. You guys do, in the dark, make your way around. Do you want to leave the lanterns lit, or are we going to go in total-- The woods are a half mile out from the back of the keep. Everybody make a stealth check. Great. What'd everybody get? Did you? Oh, six. Okay. You guys are traveling along the outer wall and Lucius is trailing behind, and you do hear metal scraping against stone for a split second. Arguing, you eventually make it around back, and you do find the one single small door that is on the back side of the keep. It also can be fired at from above, but no one's doing that. It is also barred from the inside. You'd know, because you live here, obviously. Make an investigation check. Look at that. It's that easy. You just make it up. No, nothing seems amiss. It is dark, maybe you're missing something, but it looks like the same old door in the same spot that you would run out in the middle of the night. You'd opened it from the inside and leave it. That's what you've always done, is left a crack. Yeah, it's not a (squeaking), it's a (thudding). You can certainly try. You are pretty strong. How are you doing this? Yes, it is. Heavy wooden door. One slat is a little mangier than the others. You can have advantage because your brother and sister offered to kick that shit with you. You do slam your foot as hard as you can into that door and it does break. It pushes in about this far and it is dark in there, but there is now about this wide a gap. So if you can shrink a lot... It actually smells terrible. It smells nauseating. Yes. You do smell the smell of a heavily ripe, rotting body. Also, Lucius, you know where you are. This room-- which used to be a meeting hall-- when you were inducted into the temple of the Moonweaver, your father, as a gift to you, had it altered and turned into a chapel in honor of the Moonweaver for whenever you visited. You can see about six feet in, from the angle that the wood is in. It's still blocking your way and you can't get your noggin through that gap, but you do see two legs and an arm and a stone with congealed blood on the ground. No, they look like three separate bodies. You see up to a shoulder on one and the other one you just see the ends. Excellent. Okay, make an attack roll on that door. Did you roll higher than a five? You hit it. Roll for damage. Oh, man, the door breaks one hinge, busts inward. You now have a one foot view. It's still connected at one hinge and didn't come off. It would be hard to climb up and over into the gap, but you're looking in. It's a pile of bodies. It's about 15 bodies piled in the middle of a chapel devoted to the Moonweaver. This is ground level. There is an underground level, and it is three stories. Yes, you do. You see one of the cooks, a woman named Estelle. You see the stable master and his eight year old son. You see two of the guards. The others you don't recognize, per se. Make an investigation check. Absolutely. Perception check. The door has not been broken free, so you can look in. It's hanging on a diagonal angle. It probably wouldn't take much more to take it away. They are all slashed to shit. 14 for finding Dad. You do not see your father. No, nothing is moving, and the door on the far side of the chapel, which leads into the courtyard inside the castle walls, is closed. You have very much illuminated the wretched pile of lost souls in the center. Pews have been pushed to the side and they're in a heap, in a mound, in the middle of the room. I will say that door comes right off the hinges. In that case, the door comes right off the hinges, clatters down onto the ground, and you're now standing on top of it. Make an investigation check. He's been playing for 30 years. What did I just say, perception? They seem like they have been dead a while. In fact, follow that up with a medicine check. You bend down by the body of the cook-- a woman who has cooked many meals for you-- and you check the body and study the blood on the ground and how hard it is, and you can tell that it has been somewhere between-- I don't know. Two weeks, a month, maybe? These bodies have been here a while. No, he's not. You push over a few bodies, you spend five minutes sorting through the dead, and they're all-- There's no upstairs here. Within the wall are rooms on the ground level. There is this chapel, there's a great meeting hall where your father receives people, there are the kitchens, there are the stables. The courtyard is huge and the entire thing is empty in the middle. It's where you've trained and where you've played. You would get there by exiting the door on the opposite side of the room. I should add, it's only the towers of the castle, for the watch, and the central keep that is three stories tall. The rest of it is low buildings. In here? There is only a single shield. Okay. It has the two arrows with the crescent moon in the middle that is symbol of the Moonweaver upon it. Okay. Lucius pushes past you all, opens the door. Lucius, by the dim light of the rocks that you illuminated in the chapel, you can see a little bit out here. The first thing you see walking into the courtyard it is mostly empty. What you can see is a pile of weapons in the center of the courtyard, piled up. There seems to be a cart on the far end, but it's very dark, so you can't make much of it. Okay. It's still a ways off. It's about 100, 150 feet away, but there is a cart full of vegetables, half unloaded. You can't tell quite what they are from here. Make an investigation check. There is the residue and trails of blood leading from the courtyard. You can't see it in the mud in the courtyard, because it's raining so heavily. I'll add that it's still raining. Is it still raining? You do? I can't tell from here. On the threshold leading in, you see trails of blood that are getting washed away by the torrential downpour. Excellent. From your vantage point-- to help you see the thing you've known all your life-- you're standing with the chapel at your back and on your right is the keep, your home. Your old bedrooms are in the keep. Your father's bedroom, his study, your aunt Katerine's bedroom. You also to your right have the great hall. There are smaller one-story buildings that line the inside of the castle.There are the kitchens. You can see the open gate now, because you've lit the courtyard so well, even though it's further off. You can see the open gate where you were standing 30 minutes earlier, and that cart. You've been standing here taking it in long enough, you notice there are also two people on that cart. They're not moving. Well, they're not moving. There are many. There's probably somewhere between 40 to 50 weapons here. There are blades, there are mauls, there is a mace or two. I will say, also as you're running in, you look at it. This mace looks old. As you run up to the cart, you see instant recognition from your youth, from your teen years. One of the farmers that tills the land on Castle Lorelei's grounds is shot full of crossbow bolts, as is his 15-year-old son. They're leaning against each other. It's a cart full of turnips, apples, some cabbage. It looks like someone has started to unload it. Although, it does not look like it pulled up. It looks helter-skelter. Make a medicine check. Yeah. Maybe it's the rain that has been pouring on them all day long, but there's not as much to go on as the bodies indoors. They definitely weren't killed today. The keep. The largest structure in this castle. There are stairs that lead up to a large ornate set of doors into your home. The doors are shut. Good question. You don't see anything like that, and there's certainly no living animal or living being in here. Noted. Okay. Who's leading the way? You ascend the stairs towards the doors to the keep. Do you mean to just push in? Sure. Fuck! Lucius presses his ear to the door and his free hand to his other ear to block out the sound of the rain, shuts his eyes and listens for a full 30 seconds. It takes you a moment to cancel out the sound of the rain drumming, but you do it, and you hear absolutely nothing. It swings open. It's big. You hit it and it goes (creaking). In here, in the great hall, it's not much, but there clearly has been a fire in the hearth here that is burning down to embers. There is dim light in the grand entryway to your keep. To your home. The first thing that strikes you is a small wooden table and three chairs pulled into the center of the room. There is a smattering of playing cards thrown out across the table. Make an investigation check at disadvantage. Nope! You have got the reek of death in your nostrils right now and you can't smell anything else. It's a wonder you can hold your breakfast in. No. Grand entry hall. Your rooms, the twins' joint room, your room, your room, your room are all upstairs. Your Aunt Kat's room is upstairs. Your father's room, your father's study is upstairs. Oh. Yeah, okay. Make a perception check. There is a very nice carpet under that table and in front of that fire. You do see wet prints pressed. Lucius is ascending the stairs. Would you make a perception check at advantage? Is that a 20? ERICA, SAM, and You honestly do smell your father. It's not strange for any of you, but especially you. You spend so much time in the woods, not in your human form. And that smell is coming from upstairs. Sure. Make a new perception check. Does Jester have Guidance? What was it? You listen. You close your eyes and listen. You're a big listener. Silence. I will tell you guys, just to remind you of the things you've never heard of before this very second. You know at the top of the stairs is your father's study where he welcomes guests. Then out from there, in a ring on the second floor, are all of your bedrooms and your Aunt Kat's bedrooms. It is. With your gigantic shoulder? Right. With all the scar tissue on it? You're pushing it open? All right, you do. And nothing happens. Oh, that's so satisfying. But it's so familiar to you. You look around, scanning the room, and his shelves of books and ledgers are all there. A map of Wildemount is on the wall, by Deven Rue. Not by Deven Rue. The great leather armchair, his great desk. The thing that is not always there is the severed hand sitting on it with a very familiar silver ring on the ring finger, and a crumpled up piece of paper grasped in it. It grabs you. No. Yes. Okay. And are you putting it on, or are you-- With Father's love, yes. Also on the wall, what you know is magical is your father's sword. Vargr, which is a great, black-and-gray steel blade and an iron hilt. With the skull of a wolf carved into the hilt. Portia, it is a longsword. Make an investigation check. 11? Yeah, it's not too hard to find. There is a spray of fairly dried blood along the edge of the chair and on the floor here. No personal grudges. No. He was an only child. Raised by his aunt. Yeah, okay. You run down the halls. The door on the end, to the left coming up the stairs. Are you going in? Okay. Bust the door open. She has one of those old four-poster beds. It is clear that a scuffle has happened in here. The bed is askew, and there are shredded claw marks in the bedding. Make an investigation check. Yeah. That roll was entirely extraneous. You just walk around the room and once you clear the other side of the bed, you find the lifeless body of your Aunt Katerine in her white gown for sleeping, run through; dried blood along the white of it. You rolled a 21? You can tell by the lay of the sheets and the blankets trailing off the bed on the other side, she made those claw marks. You guys once saw your brother Benicio in his werewolf form drunkenly riding on a horse and slam his head into a low-hanging tree branch, and as soon as he passed out and hit the ground, he reverted back to his regular form. No, twice. Yeah, you've been there, not in the last year because you guys have been off, but at least once a year, you would go with your father to pay your respects to your own mother, who lays there now, and his mother, who lays there now at the very rear of the crypt. So yeah, you know it well. Yeah. It is, you were quite close to it when you were standing at the back of Castle Lorelei, going through your old sneak-away door. It's about a half-mile away from the back. Okay. What I will say is that over the next 90 minutes, and the use of a spade that you grab on the way out from the courtyard, you two go out to the edge of the woods and take care of your Aunt Katerine, she was very old. The rest of you search all of your rooms. You go to the twins' rooms first. In that room, your bed has been slept in, and there are books thrown all over the floor and pages torn out of them. You go to your brother Lucius's room and it looks like his closet has been rifled through heavily, there's clothes strewn about the room. The bed has been slept in. You visit Portia's room, you yourself, Portia, and you see that someone has been sleeping in your bed, too. There is a bundle of crossbow bolts leaning against the wall in this room. There is a somewhat ratty, fur-lined vest draped across the writing desk, and there is a dagger sticking out of the edge of the desk. Just right, yours, Lawrence. Yours was just right. Your paintings of women from Marquet are still intact. Yes, the "Seven Dancing Veils" scroll is still there. You two are off, right. If you want, I can jump back to you, but let's finish searching the house. One was your book on maths that you were very fond of. Some of your favorite works of fiction are torn up. One piece of paper has a bit of poo on it in the absolute corner. It is sitting next to a chamber pot, yes, and your-- Make an insight check. He's full of shit, he killed them all. In the interest of time, you do search the other rooms as well. You check your father's bedroom, which seems to be the first room that is totally untouched and perfect, not bothered at all, as best you can tell. You visit your eldest sister's room. It almost looks untouched, it looks fine, the bed is made. There is a strange satchel on it made of a very dark leather, oiled. Yes. It smells strange, not like the bodies of the dead, but it smells strange, spiced almost, and there is a dagger inside it with Elven on the hilt. Does anyone speak Elven? Both of you? It very simply says, "Silent message," in Elven on the hilt. That's all you find here. Our guests are so disappointed. "This is what I was sweating?" Let's jump outside. Is there anything that we're missing with the two of you? You were very close to her. She told you again and again how much you reminded her of her older sister. All right. You meet up in the courtyard and report to each other what you found. You are not a very grand noble family, but you do have emissaries come. It was just the blade that they found. Make a history check. Well, you are. None of you have ever traveled abroad, but you have been to different parts of Wildemount. This bag is not any kind of bag you have seen, any kind of style of fashion in any of the places that you've traveled. Excellent. You don't have to. It is a badass longsword. Your father has let you wield it before in training. It is a plus two longsword, it does not require attunement. It is very finely made and very sharp. No, actually, in the last five to ten minutes, it has slowed to a drizzle. Now it's misting at this point. You just add it, man. You guys exit through the same chapel that you entered in. Both. You exit out the back of the keep, and it is dark out, although you are starting to get occasional wisps of the moon, almost full, appearing as the clouds break and then cover again. To get to the family crypts, they were built into a cave system discovered hundreds of years ago, and that you follow along the treeline about a quarter mile in that direction. It wraps around and that leads you to a mausoleum. What's the other word? Sepulcher? It's a small building that serves as an entrance to the greater crypts below. We set off in that direction, I assume? Are we marching merrily along, are we doing anything special? This conversation happens as you trudge through the tall grass behind the keep. Okay. You know intimately what it looks like. It is a low wall, surrounds the entire cemetery, and it's broken, it's old, so the wall is fragmented and easy to enter from any side, really. There's a wrought-iron fence that is aging and decrepit, but that also surrounds the mausoleum itself. Many generations are buried both in the grounds and below. You watch as Aurra pops her shoulders and twists her neck and you see her grow a full two or three inches and her shoulders widen and that very familiar prickle of fur, which starts like needles but then pushes out and becomes thick. Do me a favor, Erica. What is the pattern of fur? She stands there, her breath floating in the air. It's cold now after the rain. You're seeing her breath in great heaves in the air. So through the woods to the back? Well, you can approach. It's open almost from all sides, so there is definitely an entrance. You know that in times of great traumatic pain, Benicio has always sought solace in slap dick humor. Into the woods you go. I don't require any rolls for this, to find the way, because you've done it many times. You lead your siblings through the woods in an arc and take about 20 minutes to reach a point where you know if you then veer back to your right and out of the woods, you will be will be about a hundred yards away from the cemetery grounds. So we're stealthing in? Are you hanging back, Lucius? Well how far back are we saying? So I'll say everyone, make a straight stealth check. Okay. Okay, so you guys are stealthing through the tall, wet grass after leaving the forest behind you. What did you get, Lucius? 17. Everyone was worried about Lucius. Aurra is so thirsty now that she starts, in the still of the night, you hear that deep roiling growl in her giant rib cage now, but you stalk through the grass and you see that low wall ahead of you and the rear wall of the mausoleum where the ceremonial entrance to the crypts. You don't see anything from back here and the main cemetery grounds are in front of the structure. Are we going to creep up to the wall? The wall is only five feet and it's broken in places. You can just walk through. So you scrabble up, claw your way up. Portia strides in regally alongside you. You're now standing at the very rear side of this stone, small building, not much bigger than the space that we're all in right now, in this studio. You don't hear anything, you don't see anything. What do you want to do here? Make a perception check. At advantage. At advantage, so roll again. You smell blood. You smell living, breathing human blood. Right now, you guys do not see much, you're just standing at the back of the building. Not back here, no. You know it's on the other side. The exact opposite side of where you are. Make a perception check. No, just the occasional drift of rain for a few seconds and then stopping. It's on and off right now. So it is Lawrence, Benicio, Portia. So three blood hunters. And our lady of the wood and our man of the claw. Okay, who's taking the left and who's taking the right? Okay. Still stealthing along, creeping around the edges, you start to see the wrought iron fence that surrounds this building. You also see the cemetery has been, from your vantage point-- and there is, you can't see the source, but there is actually light here. There is flickering light being reflected from some source that you're not able to see on the cemetery which has been abused. You see headstones pushed over. You see piles of mud. You see cloth or canvas tarps lying about in great puddles. It's a mess. They're further towards the entrance. No. If this were the building right here and I'm you guys initially coming around the side, you would see the light reflecting off of things over there. So it's here, but out of view. That you can't see the source, right. It looks like it, the light is shifting, yeah. You hear just the gentle crackle of fire. Make a perception check at advantage. No, you're not a-- make a perception check. Yeah, it's faint-- Whoa! It's faint, but you feel that telling acrid smell of a torch. Mm-hmm. Stone building. Yeah, you guys are exactly opposite each other right now. They're doing a running gag that you guys are not in on. Have you turned the corner? You move to turn the corner. There's a giant wooden door that is closed here, locked for all time unless Father's bringing you here for visits. But that door apparently is wide open and you still can't see the source, but the flickering light's coming from inside. So you're going to-- Yeah, I know exactly what you mean. As you stand there and hold your father's blade out to try to catch the light, you hear a sound from behind you from two places. The sound of fabric and you hear-- and this is happening in a second-- metal banging off stone. Turning to look, you see there are two men at opposite corners of the cemetery in the act of throwing canvas off of themselves. Each of them has a censer, a small metal box or cylinder hanging from a chain and the metal is an oily black color or texture. You see in that split second they're starting to spin them and a sickly green mist or smoke is coming out of them. You start, in your peripheral vision on all sides, to see a little bit of movement. Everybody roll for initiative. Hold that number in your head. We've got Lucius and here's our low wall. Lucius. Who do we think is where? Lucius in the lead or is Aurra? Okay, we have Portia and the twins right here at the door. Okay. And our men, here's one of them, right here. He has long dark brown hair and angular face. We have a man who's got-- his head is mostly shaved, but wet nappy blueish hair pasted to his skull and is wearing some of Lucius' clothing. That is seemingly a person, that's a person. Everything else is dead. Oh sorry, 25 to 20. Okay. 15 to 20. 18. Okay. I'm going to use these things called stat trackers to help me remember what the heck is going on. But they're really nifty. Where's the Portia one? It's got all your info on it so I can see. We'll start here. You're first up. Did anyone get ten to 15? Hold on, we'll get you all in order. Benicio, you got? Ten, you got 12, so Lawrence, Aurra. Lucius, what did you roll? Gotcha. And oh man. Portia. You are first. Help me, spirit of Matt! Where's your battle music? Is it happening? Can you hear it? Jiggle the cord? You can, per a long rest, do a curse two times. Yes, in werewolf form you can still do all your druidic spells. No, it's two times you can do one of those Maledicts. As I understand it. No, this gate is-- you know, it's a model. This gate is hanging open, there's gaps, there's this skeleton there. There's a dead warrior here. These are your ancestors, by the way. ERICA, SAM, and This one here? Okay that hits! Okay, so Portia runs forward with her father's blade, rams the sword through the ribs of this-- Taking his legs off? Okay you cleave right through. They are brittle and snap into pieces, and the thing just falls to the ground and breaks into seven or eight different fragments of person. They shake for a moment and lie still. Well, he was already dead, but he's gone. Go for it. That does not hit. You go to stab through, and it actually goes through an empty space in the creature's body. It pulls away. It does go through its ribs, but does nothing to it, and it turns towards you. Now it is Benicio's turn, unless you wanted to do anything else? Okay. And now we're onto Benicio. Yeah, you can get to there. Sure. Also, as you're running up here, you're noticing not a skeleton, but what apparently is just a dog who came here to die is also climbing up over the stone wall. But you're attacking this one? Go for it. Roll to attack. That hits, for sure! Okay. You bring the glaive down straight on top of its head, and it just collapses in like a skeletal accordion. It smashes to the ground. Yeah. Three seconds later it is just a pile of bone and rags. It is not moving. Sure, if you take one more step. It's dead. Half of its face is hanging off. There's a lot of flesh on the bones too, but not all the flesh. 25? You take your glaive and you toss it up into the air, and then swing it like a gigantic oversized golf club. The glaive's blade catches into the dog's guts. Something bursts inside, sprays your boot, and the dog goes (dying snarl) and flies through the air and crashes and rolls down the hill. That's it, it's gone. All right. It lasts twice a day. You can make either your claw or your blade have that extra arcane energy to it, and then it lasts-- I forget how long. Okay, great. Just don't do it if you're a lavender tiefling with three hit points, that's the only rule. Don't do it then. That's right. Okay. Now we're onto Lawrence. It's open. (clanging) All right, go for it. That does, in fact, hit. Four points of damage. Shortsword, right? You take your sword and you jam it right through its hips, trying to take it apart at the legs. You've seen how easy it was for everybody to do what they did. The hip breaks off, and the leg shutters, but it (growling) turns around towards you, still moving. You see it coming around and raising its own rusted, old blade. You take your other shortsword and swing it at the neck, and the head goes pop, flies in the air and bounces and rolls into a hole in the ground and scutters away into a grave. That's correct. But one at a time. If it's quick, yeah, sure. Now we're on our strangers. The one with the long, brown hair-- handsome if he wasn't covered in filth-- backs up here and gets into this corner. Leering and smiling and holding that censer hanging from a chain and you hear him mutter, "Go, go!" This one does the same, creeps around, pushing backwards, eyeing you guys as he goes. He moves back into this corner holding the censer aloft, and as he moves back, he yells out, "Ray. Ray!" Portia, what is your armor class? Okay. You feel a crossbow bolt sink between your shoulder blades. You take 13 points of piercing damage. Looking over your shoulder, you see a woman, a very ropey, ragged, red-haired woman, standing at a perch on top, hiding, somewhat obscured behind this-- Ah! She's dead. On this spire up top. She is wearing a ragged vest, and there's a hood, a very wet cloak over her bare arms holding her crossbow, and she's leering down at you. Now it is the skeletons' turns. Here's what happens. This one-- (counting)-- I'm going to move things first. So this happens, this happens. Since there's so many-- This one is actually stuck in the ground, and it's going like, (rattling), reaching out towards you, Lawrence. This one steps into Portia. This one also steps over to Lawrence, but this one closes in and starts moving dumbly towards this man in the corner. So does this one. So does this one. They just start converging on this guy. He's stuck. Same thing's happening over here. This one moves in, and as that's happening, you see looks of confusion and pants-shitting fear on their faces as they're suddenly surrounded by the dead, but we'll get to them. Over here, we've got three skeletons converging on Lawrence, and Lawrence, your AC is 16. The first two swing dumbly at you, and they're not that fast. They're terrifying; they're covered and streaked in mud and 50- to 200-year-old weapons in hand. But they're slow, and the first two swing at you, and you very easily dodge out of the way. The last one does, while you're busy with those two, manage to score a hit on you, and you take four points of slashing damage as you feel an old, rusted blade bite into your back. Over here with Portia, it's not bad; it's just one. That's an 18; also hits. You take eight points of slashing damage. Cuts into your arm, and you feel it gets through some of the scales where two pieces of scale armor meet here. It gets right in that wedge. Then, in the corner, as they both start to go, "Wha-- What?" One, two, three. Hits. Misses, misses. Okay, over on this side, we see two skeletons converging, and run this guy through with old blades. He looks terrified, and white as a ghost as two old blades go (slicing) (spluttering). He spits, and a glob of blood flies out of his mouth. He is still on his feet, though. Over on this side, we get-- Same over here. This guy is converged on as well, and you hear him scream out in a high tenor, and he takes a wedge out of the side of him with a sword. He doesn't do as badly as his friend over there, but he is damaged as well. Damage for the second is-- Okay. Now we are on Aurra. Wolven Aurra, what would you like to do? You can see her. Yeah, she made herself known. She threw a tarp off of herself. She was in a little perch up there. So you want to use Grasping Vines? What's your spell DC, you want to remind me of that? It's on your character page, in the bottom-right hand corner where I wrote it for you there. SAM and 15. It's strength, right? Numbers, numbers, numbers. Vines burst out of the stone, out of the little cracks where barely any soil exists, but it still manages to crawl and grow and expand and twist around her. She sees it and manages to push and pull away and jump over to this side. She is not restrained. She managed to pull it off of her legs and get free of it. There is a huge patch of vines-- well, we didn't specify where it was, so she is surrounded by them, but she's still holding her own. The vines are still there. Lucius, it's your turn. That is a spell slot, yes. You can move right now. That was your action. If you want to a different position-- You could get over the building. I would say climbing up would be your action, because that's a very involved thing-- You can use your movement to leap through this. All right, so your hulking, now fur-lined body streaks through this gap in the fence and gets to the bottom and looking up at the edge which is 15 feet high. Not too terrible for you, but it's up there. You're waiting. Lucius. Okay. She does not make that. Ooh, what does that do? Remind me. Roll for radiant damage, 1d8, on her? Three, okay. All right. We are back up to Portia. Where you at, girl? You take six hex-- hix points. (southern accent) Like them hix points! Okay. So-- Her ear is wreathed in flame now. 18 hits. Yes. It's a d6. You got your plus two from your longsword. 16 points of damage? The skeleton erupts in flame. It does a small mini explosion in the night here. Sparks fall, bone fragments fall to the ground. It is gone. You can still move. This one here? Do you want to flank this one or-- where you want to go? Yeah? Flanking? All right. Advantage on that, then. Yes, it does. Oh, man. You bring it right through the thing's spinal cord, the ribs go (cracking) break. Again, little fireworks flying, it breaks in half and both the halves go flying off in this direction, scuttle across the ground, land on the puddle, and steam (hissing) out after being-- Now we are on to-- is that the end of your turn? You get all your stuff in? Benicio. You can go five more feet, I'll give you. Oh, nice. Yeah, real nice. Which way are you going? Here? It's (counting) 20, you can go two more. You can go-- You don't know. To where? Here? I'll let you stand atop that fallen gravestone of your ancestors if you want. Okay, all right. So (counting) 25. You got two targets if you want. Go for it. Roll for attack. This one with a spear. That hits. They do. The halberd, you smash into his giant spear, knocks the spear out of its bony hand and then the halberd keeps going. Smashes down into his shoulder, and ice fragments go (spurting) and fuse all the bones together. Hardens the thing's cape in ice, and it teeters over, falls to the ground and breaks into two pieces of frozen skeleton pop. So that one is gone. You could go five more feet, if you wanted to. This one? Yeah. Okay, this one goes (guttural hissing) and sticks his blade out at your ankle. He's stuck up to his bony navel, so it does not hit you. Strikes nothing. Strikes the ground. Yes. Go for it. That hits. Okay. You take your halberd in your hand, overhand like this, you walk over to it and you go (impact) knock it right in the skull and the skull caves in and fills in like sno-cone. Ice fills the thing's skull. The head gets heavy and drags the whole body down and falls into the mud. I will allow it. Coming off of that embarrassing noogie, what do you do, Lawrence? I'm going to give you advantage on that. 17 hits. I'm going to say for flair-- Just because it's fun, I'm going to say you come at this thing with your shortswords and go, "Eh," flip it around to the pommels and go (impact) and nail its skull from both sides and it brittle-- breaks into fragments and the arm goes (faint gurgling) and falls still. Okay. The stranger's turn. Oh, yeah, well. You're twins. What do I want to do? The one that looks like a ragged hippie over here throws down the chain and starts to try to climb up on the wall, and they all lay into him again. (counting) They all stab him in the back very heavily. He takes it into the small of his back, in between his shoulder blades. He screams out in pain. He falls down on the ground, gets back up, and starts moving. Then over there, this guy goes, "Ray! Help me out here, Ray!" He's not going to go down-- oh, yeah, he is. He rushes forward with the blade that he's holding and tries to shove it into the skeleton and actually runs into the adjacent skeleton's blade and gets stabbed in his own gut. He's freaking out and panicking. He starts to try to climb up, rethinking his decision. Okay. He screams out pitifully. You've gone from hatred to a brief moment of pity because he sounds like a wounded animal, stumbling over, climbs up. This one moves-- Yeah. She makes a-- Half strength, right. So it's a disadvantage. She is stuck. But can still attack. Can't see the werewolf that she just saw running down the side, but she does see the Moonweaver's chosen. So she fires at him. Your armor class is 16. She gets-- She misses. The crossbow strikes the wrought-iron fence and clatters to the ground, and she is stuck there. Sorry, Travis. All right, that guy is pushed down to the ground and run through by three of them standing around and stabbing away. Over on this side we've got-- Yes. No. Shit, that guy missed. No. Okay, so. That guy's dead too. He is ripped apart and you see one of them turning its sword upside down and sawing into the back of his neck. Some have climbed over that little wall there. That's right. That's it for them, now Aurra is up. Okay, make an athletics check. I know. You're already good. She succeeds. Leaps, claws grab the lip of the roof, and you yank yourself up. You actually fly a good three feet higher than you need to and then land. Your clawed feet clutch into the ground, and you are now staring at your prey. You used your action to get up there, but you could still, as a bonus action, claw. The action was to hoist yourself up to the top of the roof, but you have a bonus action left which you could use to take a swipe if you want. If it's a bonus action you can. I would say that that's too much, the best you could do is get right up on her business or slash her as a bonus action. Because these run in six second chunks, and you've taken most of that time to go (exertion noises). Not after hoisting herself up, I'm going to say. Well she's held by vines at the moment. You can at disadvantage. You can use your attack. So take the nine. Is it nine total? Well, I want her to hit her armor class. It's an attack. It's the attack bonus next to her claw, which is like a weapon on her page. The center of the page. You slash your fur-lined claw through the vines, but it is thick, and you can't even get through it, she's so wrapped in. You manage to get your claw onto her ankle. She's too firmly held in place by your own druidical power. Now, we're onto Lucius. Now she looks like she knows she's about to done get fucked up. (sarcastically) Yeah, it sucks, don't it? If I could have one wish this Christmas season, it would be that all the little boys and girls of the world... Healing Word. I think you just do it, don't you? I got it here. It's 1d4 plus your spellcasting modifier. So 1d4 plus five? Wait, 1d4 plus -- The best you can do is nine, I think. It's 1d4, and your -- All righty. We are back at the top. There's Mass Healing Word, then there's Healing Word. Okay. Striding in, you get up and you see a brazier propped up and sitting behind a giant, round iron gate in the floor that is locked as well, that is pried open and bent and there's a crowbar sitting in the corner in here. Marble stairs lead down and you see the edges of the passage disappear. Which you're very familiar with, obviously. Over here? You went (counting) 20, want to go this way? There, you're that far. Anything else? Okay, good. That's true, okay. Is that where you want to be, or did you not want me to put you right behind one of the skellies? Okay, Benicio, you're up. You can get to either side of her, on her left or on her right? Okay, going to hold your ground? Got to hold an action before you move, right? Sure. I don't care. You can hold an action if they come at you and take a swing. Okay, great. It's whatever I say it is. I'll let you stand at the ready. Don't @ me, bro. Okay, good. Now it is Lawrence's turn. Right, okay, Lawrence. Yeah. Just to remind you what you know. This is your entire family line down here. The torchlight only goes in another 30 or 40 feet before it disappears into darkness but you know that this passage goes a good 100, 150 feet straight and then it takes a right. It's basically a giant L down here and it goes another equal distance to the end and there are figures of your ancestors evenly spaced down the entire hallway. At the very, very end is the monument to Alfarr, and the monument to his daughter, Grenya, as well as the small monument that Katerine and your father built of their own choice for Genevieve. Bottom of the stairs, 150 feet, right. It's shrouded in darkness. You can't even see the L-corner. He's just crept in behind Laura. (cooing noise) What would you like to do down there? Sure, make a perception check. Just a straight roll. You stand-- You can hear the clatter of blades above, and you hear (goofy voice) "Whoa, "what, where are we going?" from up behind you. There's a lull, and you listen very carefully. No, nothing. Nothing that you can tell and-- No, you finish. Okay. She's in a fucked-up position. She's going to attempt to break out of the Grasping Vine. And she does. She has half-strength, so it's at disadvantage, thank you. No, she does not. She yanks against it (pants) and she's starting to hyperventilate, looking at the big beast of a woman in front of her. She's going to attempt to fire her cro-- no, she's not, she can't! Her action was trying to get out of the vines. She is beginning to urinate and staring at a large-- That's her bonus action. Now. 20, 25. It's hard getting over that little wall for them but they can do it. 25, 30 and he can't get around. Over here, we're going to... 20, 25, 30... They start 28 Days-ing it Later like (zombie moans). Yes, you can strike, so go for it. Does not do it. Exactly, you're a little bit overwhelmed by the clattering of a small horde coming at you and it actually has a shield so it (scrape-clunk) to the side. The one that you just hit swings back at you, definitely hits. Yeah, oh. You chose to dodge, so you can't attack. Well, doesn't matter. When it hits. How do you-- But that's when something walks away from him, no? I've never heard of that. I believe you, because I've known you a long time and it does-- you took the dodge action, so it misses. That was a clatter of wills between shield skelly and you. The one next to him got a natural 20. That is a ten. Points of slashing damage, yep. Okay, Portia, let's see. Three of these things are in range, miss, miss. That hits, the last one hits. You take three points of slashing damage. You feel your coat tear and just the tip of a blade poke through your scale armor. You feel a little cut on the small of your back. Now we are on to Aurra. She's in the vines. You want to hold her down? Okay, yeah, make a strength check at advantage. At advantage, so roll twice. Yeah, that does it. She is pressed down and your claw is holding her shoulder into the vines on top of here and she's (panting) unable to talk. Just frozen like a deer. We'll get to that. Lucius. Yeah, absolutely. (counting) 30. I'm going to say that they're all in range. We got (counting) nine. What's the DC? 15. Ah, fail. Fail. Fail, fail, fail, fail. Success, success. These skeletons glow with a pale, whitish light. They raise their arms to the sky, reaching towards the moon, which is now clear, and then fall. Into a clutter of death around you. Well played. Now we're on Portia. Go for it. Yeah, hits. Okay, you are charging on adrenaline and you take that sword that belonged to your father and ram it straight though the skull. It goes through the eye socket, out the back and you have to shake it hard. Excellent. With the skull still on the blade-- Go for it. Hits. Okay. The skull crashes down on the skull and it does not get obliterated by slashing damage, it's bludgeoning damage as skull hits skull, and it crunches it down into the top of the ribcage. It becomes condensed so the head is down here now, and the two-- the one falls to the ground and you tilt your blade and it goes (scratching) (thud) off the end. (singing) Benny! Benny! Hits, just. Okay. You send it right into the thing's-- because you're a cruel motherfucker-- right through the nonexistent groin of this thing and then give it a circle around and the centrifugal force shakes the poor bastard apart, and the ribcage falls to one side and the legs clatter to the ground, fall down into the hole that the thing climbed out of earlier-- Love it. You know, we have a terrified redhead pinned under a werewolf on the roof of the mausoleum and Larry is down in the dark. I think this is a good time to take our break. Before we do, it's time for our giveaway break! Important to know that we've made some changes moving forward, you'll need to enter the weekly keyword into the Critical Role Twitch chat. If you are watching on the Geek & Sundry Twitch channel or on Alpha, you'll need to hop over to twitch.tv/criticalrole and enter the keyword. Right now the offer is only good for residents of the United States and Canada excluding Quebec, for the official rules, sorry Quebec. Follow the link to the chat, tonight's prize is this myrtlewood dice tower system featuring Kor'Treum cartography by Deven Rue. It's got that pretty leather strap, look at that gorgeousness! Wyrmwood! Myrtlewood dice tower system. I'm about to give you the keyword but remember only enter it once in chat. Entering it more than once will disqualify you. After I say the keyword the contest is officially started. The keyword for tonight is "howl." Good luck y'all. Please keep an eye on your whispers as we will be reaching out to the winner for eligibility during the break. We'll see you soon. (howling) [break] Here we are. Titty sprinkles, how about that? So we have a winner for our contest! It is horse nipples! No, it's Oldar_! That is an underscore, not the word "underscore." Congratulations on your wood! It's freaking gorgeous. There it is one more time, and it's Wyrmwood. You know what? I really just want to dive back in, because there's so much to do. It's gone. I don't know. Lawrence-- She'll come out when she's ready. Lawrence is down below, Portia is counting her lucky stars. I'll say, Aurra, you currently are a big, black-and-gray furred beast leaning down on top of this bedraggled ginger thug on top of the mausoleum. She's petrified, and there's just a moment of silence between the two of you as you huff in her face, and you can hear the wind now, moaning low against the walls of the castle in the distance, and through the trees behind you. Which comes out in a deep, bassy rumble. Make an intimidation roll. "(stammering) I'm from Deastok. We were hired-- We've been living here for weeks. Working "for the elf. Listen, we just do what he tells us!" "He's waiting for you. He told us to soften you up." "I don't know. We don't know!" You feel a little bit of warm liquid run against your knee, your furred knee, in the vines on top of the building. "Down! Down. (crying) That's all I know, I swear to all the gods, I don't know anything!" "Yeah, we watched as he hacked his arm off. He's got him down below." "Please. I'll go right now, I'll run into the woods." She arcs over your head, Lucius, and you watch her strike the wrought iron fence behind you. She lands with a sickening splut as two of the metal poles go through her gut. She is now hanging backwards on the fence, but she's not dead. She's now just gasping. She's holding the iron coming out of her belly. Absolutely. May you please do. Wisdom save or take damage. Your DC is 15, right? She just makes it, so it's 1d8. If it's missing any hit points, the damage is 1d12. She wasn't, otherwise it's 1d8. The damage increases by one die when you reach 5th, so that is 2d8. Oh, of course she is. You're right, thank you, it's 2d12, because of his level. (laughs) She starts gibbering, going (groaning) and you watch as blood starts pouring out of her nose and her ears and she's like a goldfish gasping for breath, going (gasping). It's not passing yet, though. She is there going (gurgling and gasping). "Please!" (gurgling) She's still. She is still. Now you all stand around the absolute wreck of this woman, listening to the wind moan on the hill of Castle Lorelei, flame flickering in the censer inside the mausoleum. It doesn't work the same for all of you, because Aurra has spent so much time free of the shackles of polite society. She has lived in her second skin for long periods of time. You could do a short rest here, if you want to, or rush to your father's aid, if you wanted to. Just as a reminder, I think I said this, when you were looking at things in the study-- or did you look? Who saw that blood on the floor? You did? It wasn't fresh. Yes, Lawrence. I can see this conversation. You guys are all sitting against the walls inside the mausoleum, with the light of the single censer flickering in the dark, the wind blowing, and you guys gently bickering like old times. Sure. You can easily grab one of your great-great-great-great-aunt's shield and scoop mud over them. They're dark, too. They're done releasing whatever they were releasing. Yes, that happened! No take-backs, TJ! Aurra, you weren't damaged. You're fine. Are you back to full? Just checking. The clouds have completely blown over, and it is a clear night. It is not a full moon, but it is just shy of one, and you feel it. Are we progressing? Okay. Who wants to lead the way? That's right. (Professor Frink voice) On my glaive! Lawrence was the only one who saw this before. Once you descend these marble stairs down to the crypt, it's dark. You're still getting the light of the fire above you, but that trickles to nothing in about 30 or 40 feet. It glows in the dark, and the twins lead the way down this hall. You've been here many times. You've seen these likenesses of people long since past, some in this century, but the deeper you go, the longer back it goes. You reach that bend and turn to the right, and as soon as you turn, something is off. Because you have been here at night, even, sneaking out of the back entrance of the keep, stealing your father's key on a lark. It is always pitch black down here, but right now, at the far end, where you know there is a dead end, is light flickering in where the wall is. It's hard to tell. You're a good 150 feet away from it right now. Right here, where you are? Into the dark? You can, absolutely, with the intention to what, light up the hall? Currently, you can see from the light of his blades that the hall is clear, and light gets dimmer and dimmer and dimmer, but you see some flickering at the wall far in the distance. Nothing's blocking your way. Interesting. Okay, you throw it about 40 feet and it strikes the stone and you hear it go (tinging). You watch as that little light slides down the hall. It makes it about halfway there. It's strange. You know at the end of this hallway is where, again, Alfarr, the first of the wolves, and his daughter, Grenya, the first to be born a wolf, that's where their bodies rest in shrines to each of them. Monuments, I should say. Your father and Aunt Kat, before your time, created a small altar at the end of this hall for Genevieve. It's the family-- not secret, but shame. The family was ashamed of Genevieve and her leanings and her choices in life and her ferocity. They worried that she would let the secret out. That generation above Katerine, they were very rigid, and they sealed her away. Again, these crypts were built within an already existing cave system that was utilized and built out. Your father told you a couple of times. It pained both Hal and Kat, but Genevieve was laid to rest within a cave and sealed inside, never to be seen or to be spoken of. Where that altar to your grandmother has always been there is clutter on the ground, and there is a hole. No, she was killed. Outside of the castle grounds. You've heard a couple of theories. Kat was always very reluctant to speak of it. It made her very sad, the subject. It wasn't even a crypt. It was just a small statue in her likeness and a small step that Hal would leave flowers on. There's rubble there right now. TRAVIS. Enough of this. I walk forward. You stride down the hallway, your siblings watching as you go. It becomes easier to see, the statue of Genevieve is in three separate pieces on the ground, and as you come up by the light of the coin behind you and your own sword overtaking it, you see two large, black, iron hammers lying on the ground here. You see what you remember as being a very smooth wall of stone ruptured with rubble lying around, and it's not wide, but a crack leading through. This is something you have never seen before. Correct. Make an investigation check. You take that blade and spend five minutes, carefully checking that hole as you go, but looking along the ground. You don't see any blood. You don't see signs of anything other than the destruction of the stone in front of you, and the desecration of your family's most hallowed ground. Make a perception check with advantage. You sniff through your canine snout. You don't smell anything, but your ear, finely tuned, listens and listens, and you do hear (shallow breathing). Deep ahead. Going in? Sneaking in or storming in? Okay. I think we should decide an order, so we have-- Twinsies in front. Okay, so the blood hunters leading the way. Who's taking the rear? And are we one wolf and four humans? For now? Good. The way beyond-- You're going wolf? Okay, so your arms, your shoulders, your biceps swell. You start to reach the size of the twins and pass it just a little bit. Why don't you tell us how you look in your wolven form? Still holding that blade in your hands; stalking forward. Got it, got it. Okay, so two wolves. Three men. The dagger that was found inside? Silent message. Yeah, it's got elven language carved on it-- Well, it has elven language carved on it. Make a history check? 18? You've heard a fair amount, not as much as your brother. You've read about-- Okay, then roll again at advantage. Not as good. You've read similar names in histories that touch on the nation of Xhorhas. That is correct. The country to the east. No. So we're pausing at this crack in the wall, I assume-- It's not that far. What starts-- I lost my place here. It starts out as structured excavation. You can tell that this was dug out at some point, what lays beyond this Cask of Amontillado-type wall. But it quickly gives way to natural formations, opening into a substantial chamber ahead. It's a cave, and there are two torches at the far end of it, flickering. The cave bisects though, not that far in front of you, and it seems to split. As it opens up, there is a passage on your right. But your eyes are more drawn, very obviously, very clearly, to the far end, where those torches burn. A tumble of stone leads up to a slightly higher ledge; and you see a figure standing there, staring at you all as you enter. Make an insight check. You can. You both can. Okay. As you draw a little bit closer, he is familiar. He is familiar. He's slender, youthful-looking. Dark, almost blue-hued skin. Of course sharp ears, sharp expression. The sides of his head are shorn, and there is a shock of white hair, tied back. He is staring at you, and you, right now. He's wearing dark, oiled scale mail with a single, chitinous pauldron on one shoulder. In his hand, there is a cruel-looking flail. Its jagged edges are currently trailing down and wrapping around the neck of your father, who is lying at his feet, breathing slowly. SAM and He is about 100 feet away from you-- He is just deadpan staring at you all. Okay. Yes, but, for the moment-- Big Man-- what's your name, Chet? Tell me-- What do you look like in werewolf form? Scar tissue? They're bigger. They definitely get stronger and ropier. Got it. Nice. Okay. So that's Benicio. Lawrence? Keg is aroused. The twins go brotastic and you wanted to do-- One second. Lucius, you wanted to say a prayer, you said? What's the range? He's a little too far away, where you guys are right now. Okay. You want to charge? Fucking charge him, then. Okay. Fuck! Roll for initiative, everybody. Bring it on out, Max, are you there? Holy cow! Yes, you can. Okay. This is heavy. Earthquake. Okay, that goes there, that goes there, that goes there. No. Okay, here is-- Where are we all? I'd say then at this point then, you're here. Oh, the twins were in front. So it's black and red. You are still in your human form, though, yes? Okay. Am I missing a wolf? Oh, here we are. Okay. One second, everybody. I'm going to say at this moment in time, in lead (counting by fives), I'll put him at 50 feet. Did you all roll for initiative? Let me roll for him. He is at-- where's my stuff? Sorry, I did not think we were going to launch into this quite this fast. But that's fine. That's great. No, not at all. Okay so, who got 20 to 25? 23. Portia in the lead again. 20 for you? Benicio second place again. Lawrence? Okay, that's right! After Lawrence, what are your two rolls? Yeah? 13? Luci. So I'm going to leave a big gap right here. And you threw a coin and it landed about here, I'll say. All right. Portia, you are up. Just to remind you what you're looking at, you're looking at a dark elf with a flail that is wrapped around your father's neck. Where'd the music go, Mercer? You can only hold an action. No, you can't pass. You would lose until the next time around. I color-coded you guys, okay? So Benicio is black, Lawrence is red, Portia is blue, Lucius is yellow, and Aurra is green. About 50 feet. Okay. Ten, 15, okay. Okay, okay. Oh man, this is why I said I didn't want this. So five, ten-- By the way, I told you guys this before, but I'll tell the audience. I have no idea how to balance combat, so I don't really know what's going to happen. (counting by fives) I'm going to say, yeah. All right. What are you going to do? Go for it! Go for it. 15 plus nine you said? Definitely hits. Why does the music keep turning off, Mercer? Holy schnikes. Okay, I'm going to say on that second-- Hold on a second. The two wolves just disappear while running and one of them just continues to Naruto run up the hill, comes forward with Vargr and stabs straight into the drow. He is bewildered that this happens, that you are on him so quickly. (choking gasp) You pull out to strike again, but your foot slides on some of the stones. It's just a pile of loose rubble up to this ledge. And you go tumbling backwards, and fall prone and take-- You take three points of bludgeoning damage as you strike your shoulder hard into the stony ground. Benicio, it is your turn. You're going to pull him? Okay, make a strength check. Straight strength. Yeah. As a werewolf, that is correct. I guess this is the one that doesn't-- Just doesn't work out. That's fine. You yank your father away from the man, and the barbed edges of the flail tear into his throat. He ragdolls away, and you hear a brief (choking). He collapses onto the stone in front of you and is bleeding onto your feet. Yeah, it was laced-- You have him and the flail is free. It wasn't tied in a knot. It was methodically wrapped around, and you have just unraveled it like a ripcord. He is going to take a swipe at you with the flail as you back up. What's your-- oh, I know what it is. It is 17. Yeah, you feel those same jagged edges on the flail rake across your own hairy chest. You take five points of piercing damage and 15 points of poison damage from that. We'll say two. And you are poisoned. Well, actually, make a constitution save. Okay. You feel burning inside the veins, inside your body. Your chest starts to burn, and you roar. Benicio roars in this cave, and you withstand the poison. By trololo-ing. You wanted to back up a bit, right? I'd say you get back down to the bottom of the hill. He looks flummoxed, let's say. The dark elf. Anything else? You're out of juice, right? Lawrence, you're up. Okay. (counting) This one right here? Awesome. Great. So you take 1d6 damage outright? Or not 1d6, just six. What are you imbuing them with? Lightning? Saucy. Okay. Next up is this stranger. You've got Dad down here and he shouts out, "Kill them!" He backs up and crouches a bit behind this broken stone box. He mutters something quietly behind, and a dark, glowing bluish-purple, jagged spear appears above his head and starts to angle towards you all. I got to look something up, but next up is Aurra. Aurra, be thinking what you want to do really quick. I'll be right with you. I'm going to slightly adjust the description of that. That jagged spear appears floating right in front of you, Benicio, and on its own goes (whoosh) and shudders toward you. You crouch down and cower-- not cower, but protect your father's body, and the spear strikes the stone behind you, then retracts up into the air and quivers in the air above you. Now, Aurra, you are up. So you're going to cast Haste on yourself? Okay. All right, you do that. No, you don't need to roll at all. The hair all over your body starts to prickle and stand on end, and you feel your tendons twist and tighten, and you are now the fastest wolf on earth. So, where're we going? 50. Here, or where? Because you got some more left. You got maybe two more squares, ten more feet. He's on the other side of Benicio. I'm going to say no, you can't. I'm going to say that they're in a pile. We've got brother, sister, father, all in a little heap here. Because you're on your back, Dad's not good, and you're standing but crouching over him. Don't forget, your AC is now higher because of that, so you're harder to hit. And you have an extra action. Which you could use to move, if you wanted to go further. Erica, if you want to go further. So maybe get in front of him? So here? Definitely. If you use your hasted action, which you now have, to stand in his way. That's it. She used her double movement to get where she was-- Oh, you've got so much to do. You used your doubled movement to get that far, you just used your action or your hasted action to get even further. You have an action left. You're right. Movement, action, double-movement-- Hey, Vax. You are done. You are, in fact, done. Unless you had something else? Is that a bonus action? Yeah, then you can do that. Yeah, it was level one or below. I'm going to use a rule called "fuck it." I'm going to use the "fuck it" rule. Healing Word. If ever there was a moment, it is now. The wording on the spell is it's 1d4, I think? Which is wisdom, so roll the pyramid plus-- no, not that one, the pyramid. One. Okay, the holes that were raked across your father's neck close, and the bleeding stops, and he goes (gasping), "Stop!" That is the end of your turn. Oh, nice. Okay, so this whole back chamber, done and done. That's the end of your turn? All of you, from off on your right, suddenly hear thick metal being dragged along stone. Didn't focus on it before, but from out of a deep recess in the wall, dark with shadow, steps a ghastly, maybe ten-foot-tall figure of darkened bone, brown, almost black. Tattered, decaying robes in a faded ghost of the traditional Lorelei green drapes around its scraping, lumbering hips. A massive, canine skull stares at you, its eye sockets seeping black, inky horror. A jawbone of ragged teeth widened beyond comprehension, black mist or smoke spilling out in place of a tongue, long since rotted away. Siblings, meet your grandmother. Silence is here. She is going to use her action to get closer. Her head stretches down at the two of you. But for now, it is your turn, Portia. She slipped into Jester. Your clawsies? They're a weapon, absolutely. Well, I will say this. Technically, in your werewolf form, at your level, you can, as an action, attack-attack with claws and with a bonus action, attack. So you got three claws. Whereas if you use your sword, it's just sword swipe, sword swipe, done. Three chances to hit. Beefed up with Crimson Rite. Do what feels right. Get feral, Laura! Which is the bonus action? So this time you get two claw swipes, because you used the bonus action to do it. So you take six points of damage. What are you imbuing your claws with? Okay. You use half your movement to stand. Roll. Slash her. Protect your father. Protect your family line. Hits. 19? Just hits. My gosh, I don't have it in front of me. Oh, because you don't have your shit. You don't have your character sheet in front of you, right? Oh, you got it? It's an unarmed strike, but it's 1d6 as a werewolf claw. Because of her strength modifier, right. 1d6 plus five, plus your strength modifier, plus your lightning damage. Okay. We're on you, Benicio. Oh, no, I'm sorry, she's going to use one of-- Yeah. And? Oh, sure, stand your mini up, yes. Yes. Shoot. Okay. She's going to use one of her legendary actions to slash the shit out of Portia. And does hit. You take-- She got a 19. You take 13 points of slashing damage from Genevieve Lorelei. I've added her to the playing field. We're done there. Now we're onto Benicio. Yeah. Go for it. She strikes it out of the way. There is a seeping, bleeding black cloud pouring out of her eyes and mouth as she stares down at you. So used to staring down at others and she is so much bigger than you. Hits! Got it. It's a bonus? Fun, fun, fun. Yeah, she claws it out of the air and goes to roar in your face and you hear (growling). Not a full roar, but unsettling nonetheless. Anything else? Movement? Lawrence? (counting) You want to come up behind her? All at advantage. Yeah. Hits. Oh my goodness. No, he's flanking. Ooh! Okay, Lawrence comes running up, arms behind him, and leaps on the back of his grandmother and tears. The bone does not feel like bone, it feels like petrified wood. It feels like on the verge of stone, but you drag your claws down and pull. It's like sparks coming out from under your claws as you-- her bones are hardened and heavy and not what you expected. Whoa! (laughter) Yes, I do. I'm doing all the things. No, I can't make this one up. Can't do it. The thin and ropey dark elf runs out of this upper chamber, leaps down and drops down by Aurra on the ground and he gets as low as he can in a squat. You hear (chanting). You don't see him anymore. Yes. Okay. The Iron Woe is going to whip around-- Turning towards the grandchild that just hurt her so badly. She's going to rake her claw against you, Lawrence. For 22. You take 12 points of slashing damage and then she-- They're magical. Then she-- that giant, gaping, hanging, walling mouth lunges down and-- your AC is what again? Snaps just shy of your face. You yank back at the last second, almost lose your footing, almost do that, "Whoa, whoa, whoa!" thing, but stay up. She snorts through her nose-- or the holes in the skull-- and a big poof of (smoke rushing) in your face. It clings to you for a second and then dissipates. Now it is Aurra's turn. Oh, I'm going to retroactively do something, too. The spear is still floating in the air and it flies in an arc over and goes in a circle and strikes into Portia. That is a 22. Okay, and that is-- I really got to write this down-- That is six points of damage. Necrotic damage, yeah. Yeah, who all took damage? You took damage. Yeah, you three have to roll and see if you can keep control of yourselves. We'll get to that. Aurra, it is your turn at bat. DC of ten or half the damage you took. Portia is here. Also, Aurra, I should say this, too. The dark elf landed right next to you and then almost instantaneously went (fwoosh) and vanished next to you. But you felt a bump or a brush against your shoulder-- you felt momentum running past you-- and you can tell that he's running past you right now. You get what's called an attack of opportunity. It's at disadvantage because he's fucking invisible, but roll to see if you can swipe at him. Well, you just felt (thumping). So, if you are quick enough, you roll twice-- --and take the lower. You feel a hint of fabric on the edges of your claw... and then nothing. Okay, now it's your full-on turn, so forget that. Aurra keels forward and lands on all fours and her hands plant and you watch as those hands expand and grow and her back lengthens and broadens and turns into this gigantic ridge. A pony to horse sized wolf is standing there. (growling) That was your bonus action. You can still attack. You have movement and an action. You can totally get around-- Sure. Yeah, make a strength check. At disadvantage as-- Yeah. No opposable thumbs. Sure. Ten. You do run up and your claws drag down the bones of her back, but she is able to pivot and take the momentum of you and shove you off of her. You don't have a lot of flexibility and mobility-- you're not a ninja in this shape. You are a powerhouse. We'll say that's the end of your turn. Oh, she's Hasted! It lasts for a minute, so ten rounds. You have another action. So you can bite. You can no longer cast spells though, not in this shape. Okay, go for it. Roll an attack. That's plus five to whatever you roll. Because it's direwolf You leap and try to snap at her face and she is so tall. She rears back a bit and you (biting noise) and fall down (growling) and hold your ground. Yes, yes. Okay, Moonbeam is a tricky thing. It's my son's favorite spell and there's a lot of debate on how-- but you have been doing this for 30 years. When I first started navigating Moonbeam, I thought that when you cast it, the damage happened immediately. But I've seen a lot of debate about this and what, generally, people say is that it's when the Moonbeam moves onto you, or at the start of your turn, but not when you throw it on somebody else. Meaning you would dump the Moonbeam on Grandma, and then as soon as her turn started that's when the damage would take effect. Let's just do it now. Because her turn is so far away. Let's just nuke her. She has to make a save. It is-- Constitution. She makes it. Rolled a 19. She takes half. The damage is? Okay. I got papers everywhere. Okay. Cool. I would say she's not anymore. That's it, yeah. All right. Is that the end of your turn? The Iron Woe is going to use a different Legendary Action. She curls her shoulders forward and that black inky substance, whatever it was, starts to expand out from around her and envelop you all. I need all of you to make a Wisdom save. So-- Yeah, all of you. Four. Natural 20! Okay. All right. Lawrence, Aurra, you feel sick to your stomach. You feel anger and pain and sorrow radiating off the expired body of your grandmother. You feel loss. You feel confusion. You have to get out of here. You have to get away from her. Now. You two are frightened. What's the reaction? You can. It's one creature. It's in reaction-- You get one reaction a round and this is the reaction, so you pick one person. Aurra and Lawrence. So roll again. Just roll that d20. All right. That terror does overwhelm you, and the second before you turn to scrabble away, you hear a young feminine voice in your ear say "Stand." The fear abates, and you breathe, a giant beast of a wolf, and snarl at your grandmother. Not so for Lawrence. Also-- never mind. Portia, I need you to make a check to see if you control yourself right now. You need to roll-- Since we can't remember, neither you nor I-- It's ten or half, you're right. So ten. Ten, yeah. Hold on-- you have to hit ten. It's a wisdom save, so if you have any wisdom bonus that'll get you over the hump, too. So you're fine. You're in control. You feel, from the pain you took, your blood is boiling, and you want to fuck something up but you realize what it is you have to fuck up. What do you want to do? Oh, the Iron Woe. It's your turn. Go for it. A 17, 15-- Yep. Is it 40 points total? I lost track of that. It was 17, 15-- Plus strength, plus the Rite. Yeah. The plus five to your attack. You're good. Okay. Do you want to move anywhere? Okay. Benicio, you're up. Okay. Just the dice. Not the modifier. Yeah, all the dice. Any die you roll, you double. Does not hit. Only one person is flanking, and that is Benicio. Advantage on your hits, but you hit already. So anything you miss, roll a second time. That hits. The beast is going feral. All right. Lawrence, it is on you. Right. Ten. With whatever wisdom modifier you have. You're good. Okay. You can go no closer. You can go no closer than you are. A frightened creature has disadvantage on ability checks and attack rolls while the source of its fear is within line of sight. The creature can't willingly move closer to the source of its fear. You can technically-- Yeah. Straight roll. Hits. Harrowed, frenzied wolf, desperate to live. Her chest crackles for a moment and then goes still. Okay. Yes, if a target's saving throw-- The frightened target can repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its turns. So make a roll. It's wisdom. Do not make it. Yes, it is. Yes, you may, as Liam rubbed his eye. Her harrowing presence is simply too great. It is the dark elf's turn. Your AC is what, Benicio? Okay. You take five points of piercing damage as a spear floating in the air shoves into your back. That is the end of your turn and now it is the Iron Woe's turn. She turns this way, is feeling very penned in, and goes to town on Portia. No, she just turned. That's a 20 with her claw. You take 14 points of slashing damage-- --from Genevieve. Yes, she is. And then she goes to bite you. She leans down, the jaws open-- oh, and you take a half step back, and feel those jaws go (crunching sound) right there, right in front of your nose. She misses and rears back, and her head tilts back, and she goes (gurgling roar sound), and all of you feel a longing and a heartbreak that you can't really understand. I have schmutz in my eyes and my eyes won't stop tearing. Aurra, it is your turn. She's surrounded. No. You're hasted and you have two dire wolf bites, if you want. You can't as a dire wolf. You can bite her. You've got a little extra padding of druid hit points because you're in this dire wolf shape, that's the positive. You could, yeah. You could go back to werewolf form, you could go to your-- Okay. That's your bonus action, so you have action and hasted action. The dire wolf shrinks up into-- okay, so you use Guidance to cast on yourself. Sure. What are you trying to perceive? Make a straight perception check with your Guidance. The pain that you feel echoing-- all of you feel echoing in your minds-- is wild. Not intelligent. It's a wounded animal. It's too hard to make out, it's beyond your ken. You still have a hasted action. Oh wait, Guidance was its own spell. No, but I'm going to give you one more action. Yeah. You can bite as a werewolf. No, you're a werewolf now. So you can claw. Yeah, you've got one claw. It's just claw. So many wolf forms. Yes. You just tried to learn the secret of her essence. Now you're going to take a swipe. Roll that d20. That loss has traveled over to you, and every sibling in this room feels lost. All of you know that something is very wrong here and just on the edge of your comprehension, but you haven't grasped it yet. Now it is Lucius' turn. Excellent. Yes, you may. It's against her? It does not hit, it just misses. Oh right. Yeah, Moonbeam is tricky. She does not make the save. Okay. And remind me. Okay, got it. Top of the round, she's going to use one of her legendary actions-- To move without provoking any opportunity, a jet almost like a squid releasing ink-- You guys are enveloped in a cloud of sorrow. You hear the bones scraping against each other. She glides away faster than you would have imagined, but doesn't go far. And she comes right back to here. No attack of opportunity on that legendary action. It's Portia's turn. (sweetly) I'm going to strike with my claws now. Coming back at it? Claw, claw, claw? Got it. (counting) Yes, you've got a stalactite up your butt. Yes, absolutely. What did you roll on the one you hit? Okay, great. This is the third? I thought one missed. Why do you have advantage? Because you're flanking now, thank you. On the second. So hit, 20 hit, and? 14 does not hit, but give me your natural 20 and your regular hit. Eight plus five, 13. Okay. So you rush at her, and you strike out and we'll say the first hit misses. Then you grab at her rib-- So you come swinging around, almost like it's a pole, and grab hold of her. You miss on the first one, but then right yourself and grab claw, grab claw on a rib and you rip. Pry a gigantic rib away and throw it across the cavern. She's going to use a legendary action to release that cloud of darkness again. Oh no, it doesn't. You're right. It's half movement so-- Good, thank you TJ. She has three legendary-- She has points, different things take more out of her. I let you see behind the veil a bit. Now we are onto Benicio. (counting) She's just within range. Leave dad behind. Okay. Good flavor. Hits. How much? Great. Go for it. Okay. Do it, jock! Great, just like when you practice nunchucks in front of your mirror. She is, in fact, going to use a legendary action to swipe at your ass. Here it comes. Oh, not that great, actually. Nope, your AC is 17. She lumbers around and swipes and you had just finished doing this little trick with the butt end of the weapon and held her back for a second as she went (woosh). You held her at bay. And it's Lawrence's turn. You are still frightened. It's at the end of your turn. At the end of each of your turns. Nope, can't go near her. You can't go there. Yeah, you could run this way, but your brother's in the way. I'll say you get right here. Aurra steps to the side slightly. No, no connection. I know where he is. Thank you. Where is that? That's a great idea. Terrified, like-- No connection. Yes, please do. You get around the corner, you get her out of your vision, plant your hand, your claw against the ground and breathe for a second. "I'm very tough, I'm very big, I'm very strong. I've "abandoned my son!" (counting) You don't have anything left. She's within range of 60 feet, but you've done all that stuff. For claw. Does it say sight? Do you have to see her? That's okay. A lot of new rules here, a lot of stuff happening. You're about to find out. Lucius, you feel a single hand spank down hard on your shaved head, and you feel a creeping, crawling-- --vomitous sensation radiate through your whole body as necrotic damage radiates in through the back of your head and you take 26 points of necrotic damage. Yes. Yes. Does it say anything about sight? It says, "Rend the spell from the air." I'm going to nix that. I'm going to say he's invisible. There was no preconceived notion of it. All you heard was (smack) "Ooh!" and it's done. You feel just a bit of breeze behind you-- There's no save for that, no-- A bit of breeze behind you and a step, you hear it. The moment's passed. It is the Iron Woe's turn. The Iron Woe. She's just going to lay into what she's facing, which is Benicio. Yep, hits. 18, beats your armor class. That is 12 points of slashing damage. Then she leans in to bite, she hasn't bitten anybody, and she still hasn't bitten anybody 'cause she rolled a three. She's just snapping away. Can't get anyone. She's pretty pissed. That's it, she's just going to stay there. Now it is Aurra's turn. Sure you can. You can say that if you want. Okay, so you drag your hands in a giant circle in front of you and-- about as big as an exercise ball-- a giant bowling ball of flame springs to life right in front of you and you send it, I assume, towards her. So careening through, and you guys see it coming. Portia, you see it coming, Benicio, you do not. It hits this and actually does a little skateboard trick, kills Laura, bounces down, and lands right next to the Iron Woe, burning and the fire flashes out from it, connecting with her. She has to make a dex save. What's your spell DC? It's on your character page, on the bottom right. She doesn't make it. So she takes full damage. Unless you want to cast it at a higher level, but that ship has passed, I guess. Seven points of damage, and that Flaming Sphere is out here. It stays. Not for this turn. That's right. Lucius, you are up. Unless you want to move somewhere. Oh, you have a hasted action and movement. You can move 60 feet because you're the Flash right now and you could claw her if you got up on her. Okay, so you just crouch low and run. (counting) You don't get three claws, you get one. Yeah. No, he can't, you're right. That's right. We'll get to that in a moment. Okay. The bonus action was the missed slash. You just tried to slash, right? Yeah. So got a retcon when you cast while invisible, it goes. So what I want to do is let you know that in your peripheral vision after getting spanked in the back of the head-- the drow is behind you, and bolts away in this direction. So you get an attack of opportunity if you want. Go for it. Yeah, that's why Caleb wouldn't do anything in that dungeon forever. He's visible now. He is here. He's about to run away from Lucius. This is a rewinding of time-- Ah! I keep hitting that-- That hits. Okay, got it. He cries out and keeps running, and now we're on your actual turn. I'm going to put him here. (counting) 25 feet, 30 feet. Great. That almost waterfall of bright pale light gushing out of the hole in nothing just drags across the ground and centers on the Iron Woe, and she has to make a con save. Does not make it; I rolled a three. Bits of bone shard, dark and solid as it is, start to chip away and she is starting to fragment. And it can only move 20 feet. It was attacking her before. You can, yeah. So I don't think it would make it to the drow, but you can, sure. 17 on the Iron Woe does not hit. (exhales) Okay. Spiritual Weapon is a bonus action. Wow, that's badass. Woo! Moonbeam's concentration but Spiritual is not. Wow. Make a history check. No, only what you hear about the Dwendalian Empire's efforts against them, but not them. Okay. Got it. And three beings of light appear around you, translucent but formidable. Spiritual Guardians; 15 feet; concentration. So Moonbeam is down. Concentration up to 10 minutes. You can retcon it, it's fine. You would know your shit. No I don't mean you, I mean Lucius would know that one would cancel out the other. So if you want Moonbeam up, Moonbeam's up. Moom. Moombeam. TJ, TRAVIS, and And Guiding Bolt is? That's a spell attack, right? Go for it. That hits. Okay. Good, no, another rib splinters out and sticks sideways. She's starting to lean to the side a bit. It is Portia's turn. Do it, Portia. If you're flanking, you mean? First attack, okay. That's easy enough to do. That's not you? Oh, that's our druid, sorry, you're-- Blue bottom, okay. So five, ten, 15, 20, done. So it was hit, natural 20? Nope. 13 again? Okay. You strike out and grab and rake at her hip and you tear an entire hip bone away and throw down to the ground. She is staggering on her feet, she is still up, and she is angry at you and drags a claw across your face. It's a claw attack, for 16 points of slashing damage. That was a legendary action. Are you unconscious? No? Oh! Okay. Benicio, you're up. What are you using? Yeah, you're at advantage. 15 points of damage. You smash the glaive across her face and her lower jaw flies and clatters into the stone and hits the ground. She stands pathetic, teetering in front of you. Is this the bonus action? Yeah, you're flanking. Benicio, how do you want to do this? You drive the glaive right through her entire form and then you just drag and push, and push, and use that force, that torque as you go to unwind her body and pull bone off, and bone off, and bone off. She falls to her bony knee, down to her chest, claws at the ground, and rests still. And it's your turn. Okay. You can make (mumbling) until the end of your turn. Are you amplifying or just doing the basic? So take 1d6 damage. 1d6 for amplify. Okay, go for it. Wait, you used your movement to get to him. That's (counting) 30, you're not quite there. I'll give you your action to get there and your bonus action for that natural 20. 34 total? Nasty. Okay-- Did I get it wrong? Yeah, the Iron Woe. Shit! TRAVIS and Wasn't good. The drow reaches out to grab you and you just bat the arm away, and you see almost worms, black disgusting energy dripping off. You see a look of real fear and he starts to go. Yes, you do. Hits. 15, okay. You rake a canal down this man's back, and he is staggering away down this hall pathetically, blood just pouring down his back. He's on his feet and he looks like shit. Aurra, it's your turn. That's super cool, let's see how we can make it work. Aurra, Wind Wall. What's the range on it though? Oh, yeah, that's great. He is so low, I will say that you just walk calmly, throw up your hands and that energy flies out of your hands, flies just over Lawrence's head and a cyclone of frenetic, angry energy spins this asshole like a dryer tumbler in that hallway because you have just shoved a Wind Wall in a very small space, sending it starting here through there like a snake. I could roll, but he is beaten back and forth against the sides of that passage and his head softens into pulp, and he is turned into a bloody mess and lies on the ground. The room is still. On the drow? To do what? You have to roll-- that's a straight roll. I need you to roll something to see if this works. No, let's do this. Lawrence, make a dex save. I remember Grog trying to pants Vax. Yeah, you got to roll, this is outside the tenets of Dungeons & Dragons. The mangled corpse does move, but the bones are broken, so it's just this shambling, disgusting mess, and it slops onto Lawrence's front-- --and then slimes to the ground. You know, it's late here at the studio, so I'm going to eulogize this game and tell you, you've saved your father, which I didn't anticipate. It's the middle of the night, you take Hal back to your family home, and he doesn't speak for the entire walk back. He looks very shaken. Haunted. You get him back to his room, and the five of you, standing around him as he would want, comfort him and encourage him to talk, and he spends the next hour telling you how this man attacked the keep with a small army of undead. Slaughtered everyone in the castle, except for him. He then asks you to sit down, and explains to you that the man that you've just finished was your grandfather. He did come from Xhorhas and he did have a torrid romance with Genevieve Lorelei. His people came for him to drag him back. Genevieve Lorelei was killed, the drow's twin brother was killed, and he was taken back to Xhorhas to be realigned. He also asks that in the weeks that follow, you help him to reseal the tomb below, and to learn from this misstep in the family line, and though there is darkness, it doesn't mean that the light is gone and to hold onto that. He reiterates that he loves you very much. He shakes his head. "Some days." He drifts off to sleep, and the five of you look across your father in bed, asleep, safe, and rethink your future plans in relation to the House Lorelei. And that's where we'll end the story. Man, every time I run these games I'm like, "I'm going to make it shorter this time. I'm going "to keep it--" It's impossible! It's impossible! Yeah! No, you did great! Everyone should play D&D! Well guys, Burning Man will soon be done, we'll be back to our regular scheduled programming. We look forward to having our three wandering travelers back. But for now, I don't know what is said. Be good to each other, love one another. Try to be good, and is it Thursday yet?