Batten down the hatches! Marisha, if you've finished up in there, you can also dust in the dining room, and the bathrooms need to be cleaned as well. I'm thankful for the day that you showed me a video from the wedding of me when I barely knew you, walking by, and me scowling or grimacing at you. You see this? Here, I'm going to walk by and watch what you do. I don't remember it. That was probably a reaction to your skinny pants and my admiration/envy. We just rolled all our new characters yesterday. That's not the internet I know. We're talking about the Old West, right? I have a present for the group from Scott McLean. I don't know yet. It's a dragon! There's a Bigby's Hand. Those are beautiful. Scott McLean. Maybe there's a note inside. And there's a little note. These are from James Hoelscher, or tazman5296 in chat on Twitter. Oh, he sent my boots of haste? Thank you. We are going camping in these shirts. Is the bear wearing a torc? It's the wrong shape. More shirts from Rebecca Sidenburger. (singing) I'm the one holding the shirts so I get to find the right size. They're shirts made-- Yeah. She designed them, it's the D&D symbol with our names. A lot. Gang, gang, gang. The smallest sizes are mediums so the ladies will be getting the mediums. You also take the one for Ash. I think we're shy one unless I missed one in the box. Let me see. That's so strange. Aw, thank you. She's a greedy bastard. "Dear Critical Role, as an avid viewer of the show, and an occasional viewer of Matt and Marisha's Critmas periscopes, I seem to remember Marisha mentioning her love of leggings. My wife is a LuLaRoe consultant, her shop can be found on Facebook, and offered to send in a few pairs of leggings for the ladies." You can keep doing that, I don't mind, but massage if you're going to do it. These are six-- No, my ears, man. Six sets of leggings. Pick one. Remember that two are for Ashley. That's true. That is true. What's good for Ashley? Ashley, which one's good for you? Yeah, these are good too! Look at that. It looks just like you! It's got wings, motherfucker! Thank you! Guys, can we see him? This is legit. Is it from my second family in Nevada? Oh, thanks. No promises. "Stunning dramatized BBC production of Tolkien's classic is presented in 13 hours on 13 compact discs. Starring Ian Holm, and featuring a cast of 25 performers, specially composed music and sound effects, in this beautifully packaged box said to be the perfect gift for every Tolkien fan." That's me! That looks so cool, thank you! Can I see the letter? Lieber Matt Mercer und die gesamte Critical Role crew. Ich heiße Daniel-- That means "I am Daniel." Bin dreiundzwanzig. Komme aus Deutschland. Oh, he's from Germany. Und sehe eure Serie regelmäßig. I'm saying a lot of this wrong, but I'm saying a lot of it right! Leider nicht-- Oh, you lost me. Die Serie ist großartig. Sie hat-- I'll just read it to myself. Die wohl beste RPG show gestoßen dieses... something. Es gibt Critical Role. Matt, ganz im Ernst. Besonders Laura Bailey. Yeah, this says everyone is good except Laura Bailey. Sorry. You can't read it! I took three years of high school German, goddamn it! I was close. It wasn't except for Laura, it's especially Laura. Hey, Daniel, your English is very good. I have a gift from Mark Dunlap. Here is a little bit of art Mark did. He has made us a game. This is the rulebook, as I gather, but look at this game board. Look at that! I'm going to, if no one objects, I'm going to bring it home and look at it with my son. It's super cool! It's getting wrinkled! I'm going to roll it. This is how we settle arguments. I'm so glad we all survived that dragon fight. No, they go to Matt first. Also known as @madqueenmomo. She's one of our prolific artists. They're so cute! What's inside are sketchbooks. Monica, thank you so much. Oh, wow! What a fun gift! It's a shame that those bracelets are grafted into your flesh. I have a story written about the mother of the twins from Paige. Paige, I'm going to read it after the show but I've got it. Thank you. Gross! This is from Rob Ramshaw "Hello, Liam. My 16-year-old daughter Rhianna and I used to enjoy watching Critical Role together. Used to, you ask? Therein lies the story. You see, last year Rhi was accepted by Rotary Club of America to represent them as an exchange student in Taiwan. I wanted to share something special with her for the last months she's still in the US. My 18-year-old son, Logan, suggested we watch Critical Role together. Good advice. So we started watching and immediately fell in love with the show. We even made up characters of our own and pretended they were hirelings who stayed in the background. Way too soon, August 2016 came around, Rhi had to leave for Taiwan. While she was in the barnyard, a couple of ravens decided to chase our tom turkey out of the feed pile. He took exception and a scuffle went down. Rhi broke up the fight and scolded the ravens. When she looked down she saw both the turkey and raven had lost some feathers. She gave me the turkey feather for my hat and sent you the raven feather because you play the raven paladin. So here is your prize for keeping me and my daughter entertained for the last year. A raven feather." Thank you. Wow! Look at how firm his buttocks are! Wow! Who should box these? I'm there because I'm her brother. Jasmine Riegel in Germany, I read your long-- Riegel. R-I-E-G-E-L. It's a beautiful handwritten letter, which I won't read on air, but we're going to pass it around to everybody because we have so many letters, but thank you, I read the whole thing during the stream. Guys, I have some hand-done art from Jen Zurin Smith. I remember your art; I've seen it online. Here you go-- Taliesin. Marcia, here you go. This one's for me. Here you go. Hold that for Ashley. This is for Mr. Mercer. Yeah, I remember seeing this. Maybe. Zurin? Jeez, I didn't know we were doing a whole thing. That's the first box, so it resets, right? Open it! Does anyone else want a bear? Taliesin, you want a bear? Sam, would you like a bear? Not the first time!