High-five. That was so awkward. There's Street Fighter, Street Fighter gym bag. I got my Street Fighter gym bag. I do, I got my Street Fighter bag. It was also-- we had a friend who did Jack Kirby and we got a fight sequence going. Excelsior! It's my last episode of Signal Boost? It's really hard to make those episodes and I have to get on with my life. Especially when you took four of them on your run. I was really angry about that. It might be me? It's very embarrassed pizza. It was a lot of teeth. What's a dragon kidney stone worth? It might do, you know, a diamond? I said I was going to help with the sword, with that process, since I've got it-- We'll get some, we should get some. We'll work on the scales. I'm going to need a little bit of that money to fix my gun, too, which is very broken. I don't know how broken it is. We need some platinum. They're very dirty, they smell terrible and-- I think if we ask them, they're just going to argue amongst themselves. Beyond homeless, they're going to probably have to run, so any money we give them will be money they will use to get out of town. To go somewhere else. I'm going to take the jug. I'm going to put some of the dragon blood that's drying out in the jug and swirl it around a little bit. And pour it out. It's just blood? No! A baby comes out. Now this is your responsibility. Let's take it to an expert, we'll find out later. Honestly, I think just putting it in the biological-- --the Bag of Colding. Might be wise. I was thinking perhaps Keyleth might actually-- Yeah, Keyleth, perhaps, might want to take this book. I am not leading anyone. I'm perfectly content with 40. I'm going to sit and try and get my gun working again-- I don't know how I even feel about that. I was going to use the workshop that's in the house. That's tinkering is plus four, plus proficiency bonus, plus a d20, if I recall? Okay, that's even better. That'll do. 20. Okay. So I'm just down two hit dice? Lord almighty. I thought it was a more expensive gun than that, I feel a little better. Oh, that's right, it's the cheap gun of the two. That was Bad News. The other gun was working. I broke it but it was just jammed. Bad News was like (creaking). There's a third basement? Yeah we can all hear you. You can't just pick people, you are aware of that? I'm taking off my glasses and going to go soak in a corner quietly. You are the worst of us. No, I do not cannonball. I do not cannonball! I can't wear my glasses, I'm going to hit something and I'm just going to bleed everywhere Fine. If there's a dare involved, that's completely different. Did they run out of paint, is that what happened? I'm going upstairs to get a bottle of raw sodium. (laughter) Actually, I send a servant. I tell them what it is. I'm not done, I'm still working on something. I'm working on something, you go next. I've got a pot and some cloth, and a whole thing-- I'm ready. I've got a kettle-- (laughter) Okay, cool. I grab the kettle. I put it to my chest. I take a run, and I leap into-- Not acrobatics? Athletics. 23 Should have mostly directed down but I'm aware that some-- Now, if you'll excuse me, I need to sleep off this spa. (laughter) Got plans for one of them-- Leaving a little trail of blood all the way down the corridor. (laughter) Don't you mean, that's fowl? (groaning) There's chicken! Wow! A Grecian urn of mayonnaise. You'd need to use a stepping stool to do it, but you could. Actually, I might take it. High ground is occasionally very useful for me. And I'm not that strong. To be fair, it takes days. It's once a century it works. I have a similar book, that I used-- That's actually a very fair point. I was about to say, would you like a Manual of Quickness? Here, for you-- (laughter) So 99 years from now-- I was holding onto it in the hopes of finding somebody long-lived to sell it to. I was thinking, perhaps, you're not necessarily the person to magically augment your path. I had meditated upon the idea for a minute. (laughs) At the very least, it'll keep him busy for four or five days. Because you have to read for 48 hours-- And I think there's enough of us that we could all keep each other in check, from-- We're going to make sure we walk around the trap that is still active in the front-- Ooh. Can you Stone Shape something for me? I would like to have Keyleth Stone Shape and use one dragon scale, if you would be so kind. Or, actually, one tooth if that would be all right. I would like to leave the "VM" seal on the side of the cavern. And just written in-- what would a dragon understand? Draconic? "One down" and let's embed the tooth into the rock. We might as well. I'll take it if no one else does. It's sprung. We have to pick it up. I'm attuning Fassbender. And working on getting the chain removed from him. Well, I make things. They're not-- Smithing and gadgetry, while I can see how, to the layman, they look very similar, are in fact quite different. Is this everybody you could round up to get out of the city? Maybe. Here's an interesting thing to contemplate about this whole problem, is that we have three dragons still at large. Three dragons who have probably found cities of their own, so the chances that they're going to come back and take time away from their own city to go look at one that's, in theory, already taken over is very thin. And if they are traveling, then they're going to travel to cities that haven't been plundered yet. This is no less or more. There's a risk either way. It's just the risk of running or the risk of staying. Which, I imagine we're leaving soon, anyway. If you whisper to Grog, it's going to make me really happy. Yes! Mightily. Scanlan just found out that Kerr has a daughter, is what he found out. There's the traveling band, by the river. Whitestone is rapidly becoming a very large target. Someone honest is going to have to come and help divvy it up amongst the survivors. How do you get glitter in there? It has already been burned down. That won't be hard at all. I don't think this is a terrible-- I think this is a pretty reasonable idea. Well, this is an unwelcome world at the moment. Do we need him? Is he? We are under contract, technically. Including a little walk around. It's appropriate on occasion to leave people to a modicum of risk. Life is risky. It's perfectly reasonable to send people on themselves. They're locals. They should know. Well, there's also that group of people wandering around. There's that group. He was real brave. We can build a dragon shelter. At the very least, that is something we can do. They'll do what they're going to do, but we can give them an option if things get hairy. It's medieval times, everybody drinks. You sent the last of the decent bards out of town. It's all on you. I was about to say I was going to join you. I've had my fill of party. I'm going to join-- What? Is it about your feelings about Vax? Is that the whole problem right now? I really don't-- Yes. We pretty much are, actually. I hate to tell you this. Panic attack. I stumble outside for a bit as well at this point. No! You should try that, though. See if you like it. What did you have to drink last night? (snickers) And it will explode. Your scry pie? Squatters. Unpaid now, so now they're squatters. What are we going to say? And if they ask what we think? I think something. I would like to build-- The death of a city is such a blasphemy. It is the murder of the dead. And I'm horrified. It is. Not yet. Which is why-- (sighs) There is no safe harbor right now. There is. Because this is civilization. This is-- They might. No, they might. We don't know they will. I would hit the city where all the refugees are going. Because it would hurt more. I would not hit the city that's going to take 200 years to be a shadow of its former self. I may not have lost an ally, but I am a vain dragon. Building will give them something to do. And if the dragon comes back, they will be safe underground. And if the dragon doesn't, we have saved thousands of years of inspiration and life. It's-- you can't just abandon something like this! There's too much here. Otherwise, it becomes our friend Pike from Nowhere. I'm going to get up on stage. The terrible woman may have a point. (laughter) (sighs) Many of you are going to leave, and that's fair. And that's right, you're free to do so. I wish any of us could promise you safety once you leave this city. But there is no safety anywhere. The dragons fly freely. They may come back and wreak their vengeance upon the rest of Westruun once again. They may not. They may find new, fresh targets. We don't know. (long sigh) We will build an underground haven in case of attack, free of charge. We will make a place that is open to all. Since there seems to be some dispute about the finances, we will create a trust that will be used to help those who stay and help rebuild. It will be managed and it will be fair. And it will not go to titles. If you're properly titled, you'll have money elsewhere, and you'll figure it out. (laughter) New money. (laughter) Old magic, new money from ivory towers. I would urge you to stay. I would urge you to leave, collect your people and return. I would urge for one city not to be wiped from the map. And anything we can do to make this at least livable while it is rebuilt, we will do our best to help. (sighs) It is such a victory for them if Westruun falls. And I sit back down. 22. (whispers) I'm that bad. The awkward woman makes a fine point! Pike, do you remember that spell you cast on Greyskull Keep when it got hit by the dragon? The thing you did-- Was that Divine--? That was expensive, wasn't it? No, no, no. Yes. We're going to use a previously existing sewer system, and we're just going to reinforce it with pillars and then block off any of the sewage and re-route it, since it doesn't have to handle the load that it used to. We're going to build a vault. You're a monster. I would like to do a couple things just to the room before we do anything other than this to our houses. I would like on one wall to carve the names of every survivor who stayed in the city. And on the other wall start-- In Draconian. (laughter) What we've done to save the city, and where the story, and where the city came from, and what has happened, and make a place where other people, they can start carving in also the history and everything they need to say about the city, just one of the giant walls, I just want to start filling in with stories of the city. You disagree with my opinions. It's not about us. How long do you live? How long do you think I live? No. (sighs) I am Percival Fredrickstein Von Musel Klossowski de Rolo III. My ancestry dates back thousands of years and will continue for thousands more, unless Whitestone falls. I live as long as Whitestone lives. This place is the human soul. This is what we have built with our tiny moments. To lose a place like this, we don't feel it immediately, but it would ruin everyone in small ways. Not all of us are lucky enough to have a lineage in a lifespan. Which is why we save everyone we can. This is good we're doing here. This is great good. And it's not about idolizing ourselves; it's about a very long story, which we are, even you, a tiny part of. He'll outlive you, right there. I give Keyleth a little hug. At some point we should put a teleport circle in this, down here. Somebody else is going to do this. We've got shit to do. Teleport. Teleport them there, and then they can get back on their own. They just killed a dragon, they'll be fine. What's a bandit going to do? You should name the sword Number Two. (laughter) Fresh blueberry sherbet. To be fair, the town you're currently in could be gone next week. Either way. I have a small package and letter that I want to deliver to Kerr before we leave, but other than that. Yes. I was hoping, I was really hoping, someone would say that. We've made you something, if you will accept it. We pull out a small wooden box that we put together. You sick fuck. You're amazing. Talk Westruun to me. Too soon! Inside is a scrolled parchment, a wooden bracelet, and a metal circlet. (water bottle falls off the table loudly) Trying to have a moment, thank you. The parchment will explain everything and how to use them, but this circlet and this bracelet will help make you a champion that can help protect this city now. And should the need arise, this circlet will give you control of the body of a creature that will help. The circlet will, if anything, if the need ever arises, it will be something that will help protect the city. The scroll will explain the particulars. I've already moved him. It's in the scroll. I watch awkwardly. Oh, dear. I can be right every now and then. Yes! Please? Oh, that's why. If emo elf is going to Vasselheim, we're going to Vasselheim. I have things I can do in Vasselheim. No, there's actually things that can be done in Vasselheim. I walk away. To outside a building in Vasselheim. It's rude. We're a real Twitch stream! What's that web address again?