This is my plan, while you guys are doing your stuff, I'm going to be playing Puzzle Quest. Wow, you nerfed me. Okay. I'm just kidding. I think you were giving me a little bit of this drunkenly during Westworld, if I recall. How you never did a rhyme on SNL is beyond me, man, I don't know how-- Somewhere in Topanga Canyon right now, Dweezil Zappa is bleeding from the nose, going oh! What?! What?! Yeah, no, you were glowing. That's a great tattoo. Gamer's Choice Awards? It's the gamer's Shorty Awards. You should totally check it out, you can also-- they have web stores, and you should go onto their web stores because there's a lot of really good Christmas stuff that you can buy that's fun and arty and poetry-ish, and kids poetry that you can buy books of that's actually really good, and it's a great Christmas gift, and you're giving to a good cause. It's amazing. Let's get some seltzer, we'll get that right out. Just a click, not a like. Who is the Spotify playlist this week? Oh, it's me? Oh, that's great. Yeah, I know I did it, I did do it-- It's good, it's good music. Do you phase out so you don't hear the terrible things we say? I have some guns to repair, because everything broke, and many of these things cost money now. We should probably get close to Greyskull and see if we can enter through the tunnels. I think scrying on the old keep and then letting everyone know-- we don't necessarily want everyone arriving at the same place as well, as long as there's a coordinated movement towards the city. We can call them if we need to. And then maybe the 50 men coming into the sewers to fight. We can go meet them if that's the next move. Yes, somewhere. We should also collect some other allies, if we're going to head in this direction. We're going to need a painter, you know a painter, we should bring a painter with us. Yes, to paint our exploits. You have that portrait-- Is it small potatoes? Is it really, though? You might as well get it all done now, because you're not going to be able to do it later. But no, stock up on what-- again, Whitestone doesn't necessarily have a lot for us to gather-- It does have weaponry. It's designed to help keep him on the ground. Well, no, it's a giant crystal. It's-- I know I keep saying-- I know. Please don't say that. That's not funny. "I'd like to go to the--" I don't know. Wherever we go, we can let everyone know what the plan and where we're going is. Easy to do. We just send a message. Yeah, easier just to send a message. We can at least get into there and start communicating with the Clasp. I'm sure they'll be happy to see us, regardless. They're businessmen; I doubt they hold grudges. Not until after the dragon's been taken care of. Yes. It's not profitable to kill us before the dragon is dead. When it's time. I think once we're there. Or in the sewers, for old time's sake. (laughter) Hopefully, in the keep. We have a plan for dinner. You're going to be in front, if anything. You should scry on Greyskull. How do you feel that will affect our plan? I can almost promise you they do not have an elite SWAT team task force. Some stealthy individuals. Can you scry on a plant? There is a tree. No, I can't help. Yeah, no. Mint in box. Let's not. We are this loopy because we're genuinely terrified, and we're doing everything we can not to go. I'm going to talk to Cassandra about one last dip into the vaults to see if there's any potions. We know we have to leave them with something in case everything goes wrong, but anything we can take with us will be helpful, and then I have to fix this giant mess of parts that are currently in my bag. I may need to spend a little money. I do apologize. Okay, just letting you know. It might be a bit expensive to get everything working again. I will not spend it all. I promise. That was brazen, yes. If anyone asks about the plan, the plan is chaos, if everyone agrees with this. We want to break up their forces as much as possible. We want them sending ten percent of their forces to every edge of the city. They know where we're going; they know we're eventually heading to the center, and he's not going to leave anymore, but we're going to make it very difficult for them. They're either going to be fighting us in every corner, or they're going to be letting the entire city fall back to us. You had five jobs-- Kiki, what are you doing? We're working on getting a bigger cup. That's a myth, for the kids at home, by the way. Just want to get that out there. Sorry. Can't fill their heads with bad ideas. Carry on. Are you a cop? No? I'd like to think that "ha!" was passing that guy coming out of the pub, and getting a second-- That went very well. You did that. Here you go. Right there. Put a glove on if you're going to get high if you hold it for too long. Got to ride the dragon before you ride the dragon. Actually, do I have to check even if I'm spending money? How much do we have? Sorry, I'll stop. We'll find out. I really try not to do that. That's a dick move. People are already iffy on these things, I imagine. Wow! That made five decisions and landed on a really good one. That's 28. Yeah, Bad News is the only one that is broken. The rest survived. Oh! Okay. Feel better about that. It is. It's got a lot of moving parts. And then I'm going to go and talk to Cassandra, quickly. My lady. We're preparing to leave. We are preparing to have a small strike force go underneath the city and do what we can while the other armies hopefully distract, thin the forces and give us a shot at taking care of this once and for all. Is there anything left in the vaults, potion-wise? Especially healing potions. We don't want to drain you, obviously, but I thought I would make one last push. We will be grateful for you till the end of our days. It may only be a day, but you will have it. (laughter) One hour will be all that is necessary. Or like a mixed drink, that can get weird, right? Water breathing before fire, never been higher. (laughter) I'd like to just grab Cassandra really quickly and take her aside. I will only take one moment of your time. I've not had a moment to repay you for my part in all of this yet, and if we survive, I owe you much. And if I don't, seal off the city. There is room underneath. Prepare for siege. Prepare to be a safe haven. Do not be-- do what you can to save the city. Do not get involved in the aftermath of this if we fail. I will do my best. We've-- for centuries, you must know we have survived as realists. And it is very hot down there and I do not like it. Good luck, see you soon. I shall. And I go pack. I was looking forward to a Heroes' Brunch, personally. Capers of might. There is an item. And I'm currently holding it, and I don't know if I'm the best person to be holding this. But I'm just going to pass this down the line to see if anyone has an opinion. It's a dex-based sword, correct? Yeah. Or it can switch. So it can be strength- or dex-based. Maybe this is the thing to hand to Grog. And one minute of invulnerability with that is possibly the cruellest thing that dragon will have ever experienced. Well, it's an attuned weapon. I don't know how many items you have attuned at the moment? So you could go for a triple? It's a one-handed sword, so I'm not sure. What is your-- Which I do. Last time we went somewhere quick and bamfed in-- Things went poorly. But we could speak to her. We could talk to her. Ditto. My plan is to stay away from the fire, but if I can't, that would certainly help. He's not going to leave his lair anymore; he knows we're coming It doesn't serve them to lie to us. It doesn't serve them in this moment, no. You know, if you're always a liar and a scoundrel, then no one will ever trust you to do anything, they're only conveniently liars and scoundrels. Well, he has his own army. So we need to keep his army distracted so we're not fighting a dragon and an army. So those armies will hopefully either distract the armies or; if he chooses not to send the armies to fight the rest of the armies that we've brought, all of our armies also converge on the dragon's nest and then we have everybody there. No, we have people that we can do for that. Although, it's not just one army we have. We have groups of them, technically. I was just-- Oh, no. All around the city. Don't you laugh! No! No! You don't get to laugh. That scares us. Sadly, the only weak point is-- I think this is a vague plan so that we don't all die. If it's too specific, then it's going to go wrong too quickly-- I'm actually very okay with this plan. Six months later, "Where is everybody?" (laughter) There is no situation that anyone is going to come up with where we're looking good, and this is going to work well. There's just-- there's a dragon in the middle of the city with an evil army and we have to deal with it, and there's just no positive way to deal with that. It's not planning for defeat. It's recognizing that no matter what, ten minutes into it, everything that we thought we knew is going to be wrong anyway. No, we're not. We are going to surround the city. He's all right. We have communications. Fortified-ish. Well, the hope is actually-- also we have the 50 men from Fort Daxio. We can bring them in underground as well, and just have them pop up-- --all sorts of places. Also open the gates. He thinks there's a SWAT team. I think you smile just the right amount. Meet or telepathically communicate? Also that way, he'll have less time, less effort defying us. It's not written down, it's all telepathic conversation. Or Kima or Trinket. Yeah. He can stay back, he has a crossbow. Far away. We have a single battleship. Their fortified location also does not have siege engines, just air force. It could work. The big fear there of course is that they work for a creature they already fear quite a bit. I think a carrot would be easier than a stick. I think it would be better to find a force for them to rush toward, than to find something for them rush away from. More carrot, less stick. And then meet the 50 men at Greyskull Keep. A little bit. Do I have anything possibly still leftover at Greyskull, any of my supplies? I make it myself, half the time. It could. Do you still have that siege arrow or is that gone now? So we do have a siege arrow which will basically do the damage of-- It's a wall-shatterer. It's designed to bring down stone. Yes, but it is weirdly weighted and she's probably the one you want firing it. Yes it could. I'd forgotten about that. Ground to air. It can hold two dozen people on that ship, right? It's about three cannonade? Vox Machina, swearing that they're going to call you back for four years. (laughter) We also have your friend. It has cannonade as well and it is designed to hold sieges in the air, so it will keep many of them busy, and they're not that bright. We can't count on anything.That would be-- We were like back in school suddenly, that was great! That went so John Hughes, so quickly. (laughter) I swear if you're aerating wine under there I'm going to be so upset. (laughter) I can also say there's an easy way to do this-- Just go downstairs. Cleaning the shotgun. I have a quick thing! I knock on Vex's door. I have a bag, and I go to Vex's door and knock on her door. You're terrible. It's me, I have something to show you. No, I'm an evil green dragon, let me in. No this is a very-- open the door, I have something to show you. I don't remember but it was mostly to head in this direction. Can I come in? I open the bag. (laughter) We're going to start with the Courage and not talk about dragons. And I run in and shut the door. You just stepped on the whole thing, didn't you? (laughter) I will be expecting labels for all of them. No, I can't. It's beautiful. It's like the kickstarter you didn't sign up for. It's coming! It's like that random Final Fantasy encounter just happened and you're like, I only got ten feet. It won't do a bonus to him. He's not a dragon. Boy, I did. We still have that spare sword that was just that standard rapier that was just in the bag before from the general, correct? I think we have it. We still have just a very standard nothing, where it's barely a plus one-- Just in case someone gets close enough to me that it's complicated. It's probably better. It's whatever Stonefell had. Be pleased. Syldor the inevitably disappointed. That's his full title. Oh, that's fair. It's okay we have plan B. Let's go deal with plan B. Or we can make Allura do it. Do you have a Sling Ring? Are we supposed to get something from the-- Oh god, we were supposed to-- Weren't we supposed to grab something earlier? My brain is just turning to mush. Oh, we got it already; never mind, that's right. In fact, if anything, the less we speak to her at this point, probably the better. No. Most of these soldiers have, at least, night vision, some form of darkvision, I assume. That is the plan. We haven't really discussed it, but-- Or even breaching the south gate alone would be-- If all four gates are being-- It's also near Greyskull Keep. They might be headed towards Greyskull, if I recall. I believe they were heading there. 50 men can move quietly. We'll gather what we can. We don't really know what's actually in there, yet. Pretty far, to be honest, especially if we're-- Well, no that's-- It's the highest number he knows. Grog's not here; I have to do something. No, not in an hour. We go now. I think nature itself is going to make some lightning strikes. But it's still a real storm. If the storm has taken the city, there will be a break in the storm, of a perfect circle, where we are attacking-- The eye of a hurricane. If it is not a force, we can certainly look for it. It will be a nice column that will-- Chaos works very well. Back to Greyskull. I feel like I've had that awkward four minutes of like every con ever. Oh god! Natural 19, I haven't added yet. 35, 35 with the plus ten. 35. I figured. Grabbing what's useful, and maybe as a lark I might try and run a wire from my inert glove to Cabal's Ruin to see if I can actually get the charge to travel through it if I punch something. Yeah, I'll use a charge-- I'll hold. I'll find out in the moment, won't I? It's a keep, not a castle. Oh, I show Kashaw the cask, by the way. I have some powdered death, if you like. This will explode very loudly. You know, I've honestly been too nervous to ever find out. Because everybody who plays with this loses a limb eventually. That's my plan. To the tunnels. I'll take a greater. I'd like to take a greater as well, because I'm always far away. I would love a fire resistance potion, if one exists. I'll take the fire resistance. All right, one fire resistance. Well, Grog already halves all of his damage. Quick rule point, if he already takes a lot of half damage, if he takes the potion, it doesn't really affect? It should go to Vax. Because you're gonna get close. So you should take the potion. It doubles your HP, double your HP. Where did you find a purple wood chip down here? That's, oh-- Sweet, bitter, angry. I hand the bottle to Kash. Eating mayonnaise out of a jar. Mayonnaise? I think that we will not act like lizard people, and also anybody who can see through, there are like-- They are idiots. But they also-- They're used to seeing humans, though, and as long as we scatter and are fearful they'll-- We're still good, I think. McFeast. This is going to be over before that. These things move quickly. Once we're down there, they'll know we're here. We need someone who can turn invisible. And I gave it back. That was a long time ago. Years. How appropriate that we're going to be underground lizard people in the city of Los Angeles. It is our best urban myth. The lizard people of Los Angeles. That's true! I suppose the invisible people will lead the way. We also know. Invisible person opens it and then somebody invisible keeps watch. That may be the funniest that's ever been. Joke has been waiting for years. We're friends of Garthak. Garthok. You should try and sell them drugs. I think that would go well. No, he's got them, he can sell them off. Absolutely. Twice a half a dozen. There's no time, to be honest. Two fire giants guarding the gates. We have to get rid of them. It's just a wall, it's defensive. We can get over the wall, perhaps. Yeah. You've got to go out the tunnel first. Spiderwalk. We still have that-- 21. 11. Ten is on the good side of 3d6-- We're going to pass them. You'd need a ten-foot radius to hit both of them. Smoke 'em if you got 'em! I'm going to vape-- I'm going to vape my fire resistance. Oh yeah! You can get that there. Merry deathmas. We don't die. I would watch the fuck out of that. If anime has taught you anything-- I thought you were dead, Fred! We need Brian Blessed! We need Brian Blessed for everything! He might be down.