Four episodes in February. No. No, it won't, but close. I've got one, too. I've got one too. I'm going to be, the weekend before that as well, the Valentine's Day weekend, at Amazing Arizona Comic Con. Amazing Arizona Comic Con. It's going to be amazing. In Arizona. With comics. Wow. You're fired. You're razing Arizona with fire. That's okay. I'm down to play it. I don't want anything spoiled, and casting for Ms. Marvel. Isn't that hardcore? We should register at very least, at this point. There's a pirate store. There's a superhero store. Run a D&D game for kids. Look at all that-- Yes? Yes? That's a good question. I suppose I'd like to get a vantage point, to see what we can see. Is there any way to-- I think we all took damage. I think we're all hurt. 57. Let's get inside. I want to see if I can get a vantage from the top. Do we send them away or do we send them down below? Like for shelter? It's safer than running around outside, that's where I want to end up. You can put them in my workshop. Actually-- Yes, let's head down to my workshop because I have to unlock it anyway. Keep them out of my workshop, but put them into the spare rooms and anywhere we have room. The cathedral is a great idea. I'm running up to the tower as quickly as I can. Vex, I need you on the roof. Up here, so we can get down real quick. Well, shouldn't there be a door that leads to that anyway? Okay. That'll do. Got to get that thing finished. 27. 26, 26. Does it seem like the dragon has noticed us? How dumb am I? Okay, cool. All right. I'm going to pull out Bad News, and I'm going to make a targeted shot at its wings and try to put a hole into its wings. Natural 20. (cheering) I'm back, baby. It's a constitution saving throw. Yeah! Eight plus my proficiency mod plus my dexterity mod-- So, I don't know-- six, seven, eight, nine, ten, 18. Hold on, is that right? It's proficiency bonus. Plus dexterity, which is six. Stupid dragon. 27 points of damage. Let's see, one more, yeah, one more shot at the wings just to see if I can take it down. Make it. 25. (laughs) Drop, fucker! Height by 20 feet? And I imagine that would throw it a bit. And let's do some damage. And damage is 20 points of damage. I'm going to hold my movement until it's so close that I want-- I'm going to hold my movement until-- Okay, then I'm going to use my bonus action to turn to Vex and fight or flight? All right, you can answer next turn, yeah. That was a good plan? Well, we're above it, the cloud would be between-- Just for clarification which door is back into the keep? That one. Okay. All right, I'm going to drop down-- Like a boss. I'm going to leap. 29. Okay, the next thing I'm going to do is, I'm going to concentrate really hard and I'm going to try and conjure Hex to see if it works. It still works. So, just to remind you, that means that he has disadvantage on all agility checks. Oh, on which checks? Constitution. Ability check, on any ability checks. I'm going to spend a grit point. I'm going to take another shot to try and drop him. Yeah. Just for fun. Are they not? Because I'll use that Grit point for something else, if-- It's its own circumstance? In that case, I'm going to spend my point for Deadeye. Advantage on the shot. And do I want to go nuts? I'm going to go nuts. I'm going to add Sharpshooter to that, might as well. That's fine, here we go. Both-- 25. 2d12. Oh, thank you for reminding me-- 17 points of damage plus four points of necrotic damage. I'm going to use the rest of my movement to duck in there. I want to try and spin all the way back so I'm completely out of sight. Is that door open? Open the door. No, it's the other door that leads to our keep. So we're both going to get in and dual-wall it. And then I'm going to use my bonus action to take one of my few remaining potions. The medium one. What does the mid-range potion do? I should really start writing this down. Is it one-- The second-level potion. 4d4 plus four. Yeah! Eagle to the eye! Including us inside? Seven. Actually, I'm going to spend my resolve and reroll that. Ten. Don't do that! What can we do to unfear? But it's holding Pike, so it has no bite. Did you do a saving throw? Technically, fire damage should be good. Yes. No. I step inside my workshop. Yes, of course. Is there anywhere private in this place at this point? All right. All right? We have an opportunity here, but we're going to have to be careful. All right. We're going to need more than just you, we are going to need a few of the others, just in case. This is how it's going to work. I'm going to take it out, I'm going to have you go, I'm going to remove it from its hiding place while you go get the rest of them from upstairs. At the very least, Vax, Keyleth at the very least. Exactly, we need good people and I'm going to try and talk to it. To try and discern what it is and how it works and what it wants, and if for some strange reason things go wrong, I need people who would be more than willing to at the very least knock me out. So I'm going to be needing you and at least one other, preferably a magic user ready to deal with me if something goes weird. I need one other, just in case. Keyleth-- Or Vax, pick-- Your choice, honestly. Whoever is less busy upstairs. I'm going to take the skull out of the hiding place so he doesn't see where I'm removing it from. The second he leaves the keep, I rush to pull the skull out, shut the door, put it on the table, sit down in front of it, and say, okay, talk. You have my attention. Okay, I got a minute before he comes back. (softly) At what price? I then take the velvet cloth and put it back over it and put it over and set it up as if I haven't talked to it. My door is unlocked. Oh, no. I built with you in mind. Good. I felt that this was only possible if we had a few more witnesses. We have an artifact. A skull. There is something alive inside the skull. There is something evil, or at least not good, inside the skull, and it is offering to grant us any wish we desire if we set it free. Now. Grog is inclined to take this deal. I am, and I imagine this is surprising, having some reservations. I like having the terms spelled out, and I feel that so far the terms have not been spelled out. I'm going to lift the fabric off. He wants to be freed. It. How would we free you? It was an option, and I felt it was worth exploring, and I think now we do have an option, which is we have to take it somewhere and have him identified. We have to know who this is. It's not always genies in cans. I would like to know before we make any deals, we need a name. We have a chance to kick the can down the road. We don't know that whatever is in here could be worse than what's out there. But we could find out, and since it's a wish, we'll have plenty of room to fix this. We don't have to do it immediately. Yes. I don't know. It's in there, isn't it? And how do we know the dragons weren't guarding it as opposed to it being a signal? It could be the thing they're angry about. I wave my hand, and the skull drops into a shadow on the table and vanishes. The blanket vanished into the shadow as well, it's now just a shadow. I've put it back in its hiding place. That was a reminder that you should know what you're dealing with before you touch power. Yes. I'm not going to pretend I always make the best calls. But I at least would like to know its name. We have a chance to stop anything worse from happening, or we have a chance to unleash something far worse on it. I am a betting man, and this is a bad bet. You know exactly what I did. Is he reaching or is he-- Your plan is good. It just requires a little bit more study. It's a good plan. Yes, come, please come in. Vex. Vax, do you want to-- Well, actually, we might as well get Keyleth down here as well. Pike, Keyleth, meet me in my-- I'm going to walk and attempt to gently scoop the skull up and put it behind me. He can't lock it. Let me see your sword. I point at the table and I say reach into the shadow and see if you can take the skull. Good luck. I look Grog right in the eye before they come in. I very quietly say does your friend have an opinion on the skull? Your new friend. You did. Or pick who you trust. I trust your judgment. And I said 'no.' You read the spell, didn't you? I have the skull. I'm not going to use it, I don't trust him not to use it, yet. That's fair. All right, I pull it out from behind me and hand it to you. It's in the bag, wrapped in cloth. I love you, Travis. (laughter) Put your pants on, Grog, really. Don't give me the skull, but don't give him the skull either. I think we need a name for the thing. I'm using quick draw. Yeah! 28. I'm shooting a warning shot past his head, diving in, taking the-- I've got six spaces of movement in my turn. Diving and grabbing the head and curling back around-- Grabbing the skull and going-- I'm moving first. And I'm happy to spend an action surge if that'll make this work better. I can make a roll for it. Gently pull it out of his run. So I'm going pull it-- Oh, if she's that grappled to it, then I'm going to try and push her out of the way of Grog. 15. It's less of a shove and more of a pull out of the way of Grog's rush. Well, I grab her. Ah shit, 14. Oh shit. 17, oh, saving throw. 21. I'm prone on the ground? But it's Vex's turn. I wasn't trying to wrestle it. It doesn't want me, I don't want to use the skull. I want to keep you from using it. Burn, burn! Can I get up at this point or no? I'm going to stand up and grab a poker off the table. I'm leaving my gun on the floor. I grab a poker and I take a corner. That's a bonus action? Oh Jesus. 15. (muffled mumbling) This couldn't be because of our journey to the elemental plane, could it? We saw him there. We didn't set him free, you don't think? Is there any way of contacting the Fire Ashari? No. No. This was a land mine waiting to be stepped on. We survived. They threatened us. Many years ago. Vex, you would know. Barely. Whitestone as well. I'm going to just sit, it's been a long, long day. Aye. Brought to you by Wyrmwood Gaming. Specifically designed to absorb tears. (laughter) I would have kicked your ass, by the way, just throwing that out there. I picked up the poker because I didn't want to hurt you. (laughter) Throwing that out there. Flash Gordon. When do I level up? It was such a bad deal, I said no. Like, can you imagine how bad of a deal that must have been? I was really looking for a reason to say yes. Nothing good happens when you let Mxyzptlk out of the goddamn skull. I was going to gender swap, I wanted-- Percy was going to become Percina. (laughter) There might have been one after you. I want to know about Whitestone. We have a lot a phone calls to make. Does decimate mean that 1/10 survived? Or that only 10% died? I can never remember which one decimated is. I know it's one of the two. I know. 10% died, that's what it is. Why do you got to be a dick, man?