Never mind, I give up. It's dusk. We also don't know where we're sleeping tonight, or whether or not it's even permissible. We should probably have a conversation with whoever's in charge. Is your father in charge? Ish. Excellent. (laughter) I'm going to follow the twins. From this perspective, I can see your panic folder. It's so exciting. That's where the magic happens. This is exciting for us. (laughter) So close. So very close. Whatever's available would be just fine. SAM and For you, it is just Percival, and I am another visiting royal from man's world. We are here on a very similar range of business, to be honest. Ah, yes. Percival Fredrickstein von Mussel Klossowski de Rolo III of the royal house of Whitestone, representative of man's world, here on very important business dealing with dragons. We are looking for some objects a few things that may help us in our fight against these dragons that have attacked us. We've already made headway against them, and we've already made headway on our quest to destroy them. Any help that your wonderful city could provide would be most agreeable. In the interest of dealing with Thordak, we are going to need access to libraries, any of your people who may know something about this bog, and accommodations befitting those of us who are titled. This is technically what you do, though, isn't it? But you will respect titled entry. Those of us who are court can converse with court. For the moment, why not? I will say, I know the Feywild by reputation, and by reputation you are known for your manners, and any kingdom should be measured by manners as the currency that is the easiest to come across. What are you doing? No, this is good. Not yet. So many soldiers everywhere. You've never really been in war, have you? May I see that really quickly? Don't throw it! Pretend! Right, they're all elves. I can't look at them. This grants an audience for all of us, then? You're going to have to amend that one name, though, just to be fair. It's Lady Vex'ahlia. Lady Vex'ahlia, Baroness of the Third House of Whitestone and Grand Mistress of the Grey Hunt. (cheering) Good day. It's the gift of smugness, it never goes away. No, I actually, it occurs to me that we did kill two of the three barons of Whitestone the last time that we were there. (laughter) It's the one that Scanlan burned. And there's just a crypt and that's being used for other things, but-- But you do have a title, at the very least. And once a year, you have to do something ridiculous. You're welcome. Use it in good health. It's adorable that they think they could stop us if we tried. There's some art nouveau happening. That's all I can really ask. We'll need food and drink. You were drinking our tea? There better not be an owlbear in there or I'm going to be very upset. I cast Friends. We're going to have to have a working relationship. Let's give him a chance to 'fess up. Wait, okay, a threshold-- a piece? So. Are you going to give us what you stole now? We have an arrangement. It's only fair. Come on. No, that's a very dark and disturbing thought. I'm very impressed. Thank you. Now I feel guilty. It is a very fair point, although I would say I think it would be best to talk to Allura about your father rather than talk to him again, I think he's possibly had enough of us for a while. I think the meeting is actually tomorrow. I have made such a terrible mistake. (laughter) Yes, of course. We'll take the meeting today. Let that be a lesson to the two of you about making fun of a foreigner's accent. I'm watching you. Schedulable! It's all right, it's a futon now. It's like college. I like it here. God, I hope so. To be fair, that usually is the plan. Clutching a hat. There's a hat rack and a Starbucks, that's what's in the room right there. It's a hat rack and a Starbucks. Good, carry on. Sorry. I wish I could say this isn't true, but it's actually true. He is genuine. He's also colorblind, I should mention. Just to be clear, you would say that the river is probably our safest mode of entry into the bog? Are there river men who run boats on the river? I had that coming. That's fair. I think that's all, yes. Good luck. Let's just find a gift shop, Lady Tyrell doesn't need to hear anything about this. Let's just move on. Tyrelda. No, this is amazing what my handwriting does. As we walk out, I just make sure the two guards are, I hope this didn't interrupt your schedules for today. Yes, schedule. You don't know. Nine. Pick something pretty. I am picking something random from the room. That's perfect. I am excited. Was it literally cut in half, like literally? We're fine. We have a plan. Charming. There's no fake. It's not faking. I've got a plan. It's not fake, I've got a plan. It's a good plan. But we should sit, recuperate, go somewhere quiet and figure out how we're getting to the bog. How do you repair a-- Tired. We have earrings, we could just talk on the earrings. You! No! Yes. No. No. Let me get this straight, Garmelie. You require of us a piece of a threshold crest. Any threshold crest. Just as long as it's a threshold crest. It's a threshold crest. Okay, Keyleth. The thing we talked about. We break it. Don't cast Friends on people. It's not nice. That's your threshold crest. Piece of a threshold crest. I cannot wait. Duskward. We are not sending Keyleth the goose into a bog to retrieve a bow from an angry cancerous tree. Well, let's travel for a bit and then we'll take a proper break. We'll start our journey, and the next leg of our journey. It's fine. Does no one-- I'm going to take a moment. Lovely field, I apologize for the rudeness of my compatriots. We will be gentle trouncing through you. We will make as little mark as we can and enjoy the splendor of your ever-changing colors. You are majestic, you are windswept-- I'm flirting with grass-- you are everything I could hope for in a beautiful view. Oh, d10 inspiration. Come on. That was leaning. That jumped, but that's still fine, okay, it's. Persuasion check? Oh yeah, that's not bad. 24. Eight plus six plus seven. (counting) 21. No, the High Warden did say-- Oh. Is that an elven name? Is that an elven word? Okay. That ain't nothing to sneeze at.