A Predator bottle opener! Primal. Yeah! Right there. This is going on my chicken coop, man! My brother was singing the praises of this box this week. Oh, no! Does it do-- It turns into a dinosaur! The box turns into a dinosaur. I'm going to see if I can do this really, really quickly. So you're going to do a Loot Crate ad, man. It's pretty short and you can do it during the break, maybe? Yeah, it's pretty short, pretty easy. Thank you Eric! Loot Crate! Yeah, we don't actually have a-- that happened. We don't actually have a subject yet, we're going through and taking suggestions from Twitter and from the chatroom, but we will have that probably figured out, I'm going to guess tomorrow and probably a graphic on Monday, but Wednesday 12 to 2, we're talking comics, and it's going to be fun, so we'll just-- come and join us and we'll chill. (accent) Talking comics. You got Dis. What? What happened? How'd it go? I'm not entirely sure. I mean, they didn't react-- Did they react strangely to you when we came into the bar? No. I think that's actually very impressive, it is actually a process of divination, technically, that's just very-- Somehow you wandered right back to it. No. She was going to research the notion of other options other than dealing with the deal we have downstairs. All right. E-R-I-N-Y-E-S. Air-in-es. Well. Do you still want to look into other options, or do we want to just-- We could take the deal. We could reverse the deal. It's very impressive. I would also like to point out that the definition of 'research', in this instance, is just reading the notes that I took last week, reading and doing actual research. You did! You did reading of the notes I wrote. I don't feel like I should have lost that one. (sighs) Was it actually an imp? Imps are very common. Everyone's being watched, it's a city under surveillance. Gold armor? Or wasn't that the one at Krieg's house? Which one did we see? Was it just-- I don't-- Oh! In the basement? Oh my god, that was a long time ago! That's like seven haircuts ago. I'll trade you something for it. My glasses. It was worth-- the joke was worth the ring alone, I would imagine. We were going to give it back, we just want to see it. Can I aid with a history or religion as well? Can I help with him with that? History or religion? All right. An 11 on top of that, so-- It is the symbol of Asmodeus, I would have instantly recognized it, at this point. You, of course you were going to say Asmodeus, because it's like written six times in my notes, and I'm literally staring at a sketch of it in my notes. I'm going to take a long look at this thing. Is this some sort of mark of-- Is this a marker? Some sort of favor marker? Is this a signet of stature? Is this a-- You don't just put this on anything. All right. Yeah, please. Oh, yes please. It's a nose ring! I think that it is, in fact, a-- some sort of-- I don't know, it's a-- Napkin ring. (laughs) For tiny napkins. That's fine, I don't care. Oh! Object scry? There is a spell that does that, though-- Object History. The symbol on this object, though, is more or less the ruler of this dimension, so it could be useful for something. I was actually thinking the same thing, I don't understand how that was-- The owner of this establishment we're staying in works for a man he doesn't like. Is curious what would happen if he wasn't working for that man, if he was suddenly, for reasons, unavailable. And for that, we would probably be arrested, if we dealt with it inappropriately, and we would be in a position to be-- make our enemy accessible, I suppose. We have to be a bit cagey, there are ears, apparently, everywhere. Even here. As, actually-- Strangely, excited by that plan as I am-- Well, where we need to be, yeah. Out never came up. You're our out. We leave all of this behind once all that's taken care of. At this point we have no other plan. They're all pieces of shit! The only problem I have with it-- -- and the only reason I'm even being vaguely hesitant about any of this is because they're all pieces of shit, including the one that we're making any sort of bargain with. And they are professional bargainers, and I know we're missing something. I don't recall-- So, I said I would have it within a day or so, if I recall-- And if we're going to decide to trust him, we could also show him the ring and see what he makes of it. This never ends well. Let's forego disguises. We're going to just drain ourselves the more we pretend to be something we're not, and obviously it's not helping us not attract attention. Well, we could-- Keyleth could keep her wings and armor, and they'd be probably, possibly, less likely to question any of us if we're walking around with someone of reasonable stature. Yeah, then we're all dead. I would say it would be safe to assume that a prison in hell would be so big that there would be sayings such as 'as big as filling-- try attempting to fill a prison in hell.' I feel like this is just-- I think we're like walking into idioms, at this point. Wait for it, wait for it. We don't have one. Starting to crack a bit. (laughter) I vote we take the deal. I say we take the deal at sundown. All right. No, I was just swinging. I swing back. I said I'd take the day. Either way, I'm entertained. Nothing but winners. Oh boy. If we're going to go outside and take a look around, I think now is the time to do it. Do we want to show our friend downstairs our ring? All right. Heavy is the head that wears the crown. (laughter) They would never believe it if you told them. If you feel it start to fade we'll find some cover and let you-- -- do your thing. I don't think, I don't think that anybody here is necessarily against duplicity, I just think they're against duplicity against them, whomever they serve. We'll pop it over-- pop it out if we need. A 1984 metal magazine. So if anyone asks, we belong to her. Is this just to peruse? I was really enjoying miming reading. I'll be fine, I can do this. Really? Okay, no. Okay, well, carry on, let's walk about while we do this. I will read out important things-- Oh, I can't walk with this, can I? I have to leave this on the table. I can actually faff all of this. You are an evil person. Yes! All right. "This contract binds the scribe and recipient into a deal--" "-- of chosen escalation for an unending period of time, or this contract is voided by an "agreement on the part of both parties. Upon agreeing to and signing this contract, the "recipient is bound to their agreed obligations and parameters within the first pact, as is the "scribe. Upon completion of the agreed obligations and parameters on both sides of the initial pact, "the first pact is considered complete and concluded." "The contract as a whole remains until the predetermined period of eternity, allowing the "recipient, should they feel inclined, to invoke and trigger the second or third pact any time "thereafter through verbal acceptance in relative proximity of this contract. The obligations and "parameters agreed upon within the second or third pact then become binding and immediate, to be "fulfilled on part of the both parties within an agreed-upon period of time. Upon completion of the "agreed obligations and parameters on both sides of the second or third pact, that pact is considered "complete and concluded. This contract remains in effect through all pacts and thereafter, "maintaining any agreed-upon specifications and obligations that remain outside of a pact's "completion, for eternity." (big inhale) "Any violation of this contract on the part of the "scribe immediately holds this contract null and void, requiring a penalty payment of 15,000 gold "pieces to the recipient to be paid immediately. Any violation of this contract on the part of the "recipient immediately locks the claim and ownership of the everlasting soul of the "recipient, invoking the laws of this pact primeval, under the control and dominance of the scribe for "all eternity, sending the soul of the recipient immediately upon death to the scribe to do with as "they see fit. First Pact the scribe" --your name here, Ipkesh-- "-- agrees to enable safe passage into the depths of Mentiri, specifically the Bastion of "Flesh, unharmed." Bastion of Flesh. "The recipient-- your name here-- agrees to be the "instrument of assassination leading to the death of-- Utugash" -- or should-- a name I will not say out loud-- "the Herald of" --something I will not say out loud-- "with the revealing or leaving "of evidence that could connect or incriminate the scribe in an act or reasons for the act." Yes. In perpetuity, though. So the second pact is, we get a bunch of stuff, but we have to do, what was it, the-- "agrees to introduction and installation of at least two of--" Okay. And then the third pact is our soul. Our soul for somebody else's life. And the first pact, the scribe "enables safe passage into the depths of Mentiri, "specifically the Bastion of Flesh, unharmed." I feel like that's a little thin. (Percy voice) I feel like-- I feel like the first pact's a little thin. (laughter) That's fair. (chuckles) Do they have a branch here? I was strangely hoping that your father's lawyers had a branch here, that would be-- I suppose that is a growth industry. This is interesting, I'm going to think it over. I'm going to leave it, and we'll be back in the evening. I thank you for your time and patience. Don't yell here! We're going to get mugged, aren't we? (laughs) Well, let's take a look around. I think indifference is the common courtesy here to an awful lot. The Mentiri is the prison; that's the part of the prison. Prison has parts. 25 minutes. 25 minutes until your spell is dissipated, but once it is, we can do Locate Person. He had a cloak, did he not? I'm also getting in on that. I'm looking for anything of value. Never mind. I want to go in. It's not Tary. We have to give him a name. Everyone use code names. That's the most you thing I have seen happen all game. Yrat. What are we calling the two of you? That's somehow worse, all right. What? No Bill and Ted? All right. Wode and Wade. My word! Freddie. Minxie. This is happening quickly as we enter the shop. We all enter the shop. Charming. Jared! I think we should allow this poor creature an attempt to redeem himself, what is it that you sell here that would please our mistress? Please, impress us. What do you have that's unique? Expensive is lovely, don't get us wrong, but we're looking for unique, odd. So proud of you right now. We found a single walkie-talkie. Is it working right now? We hear you utter our description to anyone, and you will never see anything again. We've got plenty. Perhaps you would like to shift back to your normal form. That number does not please the mistress, I don't think. Does it? Wow. Take a slightly different route back, just to try and see more. Can you scry him, since you've seen him before? Let's scry ourselves a chain devil. Wode. It's cool, brah. Party on, Wade. Let's scry! Yeah, who cares. What is the Vassalage? That is a good question. Shit. No. I have a very active imagination when I eat. I say we take the contract. I'll take the contract. I'm the one who's already touched by demonic forces. I think I can resist the temptations of the second and third pact. And I think I know what to add to this. I think we need to demand a guide, and I think we need to demand safe passage out of the prison, as well, and back to our original plane as best he can. All right. (laughter) We don't actually have it with us, we'd have to go downstairs. But I will-- Yeah. I'll say-- I feel my weaknesses in my heart, and I know where they lie, and I definitely know they exist. And I-- Nothing in this agreement tempts me. I have temptations, but they are not in this contract. I think so. And I'm already-- I don't know what's going to happen to me when I die. We were messing with you-- -- but if you feel the urge to actually take it upon yourself-- How so? No, actually, not on that one. I'm not going to say that I'm never going to do anything stupid again, and I certainly wouldn't necessarily want you to stop me if I were, but I'm not going to do this sort of stupid, am I? I'm pretty sure it doesn't. If I die before it's finished-- Then yes. But if I don't complete the third pact, or if we don't activate the second or the third pact, then I'm fine-- Yeah, then there's no problem whatsoever. Oh, yeah, if we do not kill who we're supposed to kill, or if it leads back to him, then I'm-- To be fair, we're already here! You know, it's entirely possible that there'll be several creatures fighting over my body when I die, and my soul when I die, already. Bless you. But no, seriously. I don't know what any of this means. Well, you'll already be here. So we won't die. And actually, it's not that clear what would happen if I died without completing the contract. I might just get brought back. So yep, I'm going to go down. I'm going to sign it. We're doing it. Some quick questions-- I need a guide. Someone who, while is not connected to you, can help us find our way through the city. Find what we need. Answer questions. Somebody with a little bit of the lay of the land. Somebody to help. Not with the actual act, obviously, but just to run us around? What happens to our soul-- what happens to my soul if I die in the process of this? And if we don't complete the contract, then-- Are they in breach, or just me? Perfect. Safe passage into the Bastion of Flesh. Once we're there, we're on our own? With access to our foe? Can it be arranged in writing? I would be very pleased if we could complete this contract, if this contract becomes null and void, not with us getting to the Bastion of Flesh, but with our return to our plane, with our enemy harmed. We get what we want, you get what you want. Not we get towards what we want, you get what you want. That is a question for the ages, isn't it? (laughter) You'll help us arrange our own passage-- We have a way out of this material plane, we just need to make sure that we're-- Is there anything in the prison that would not allow us to leave under our own power? Do they take our possessions before we go in there? That would be-- quite pleasing. That will do. You do not have knowledge of whether or not our magics will work in that prison? That's fair. That seems fair. I suppose the last question-- And this is just my last addendment, is that we own an artifact of this plane. We would like it if possible to be identified, and for you not to speak to anyone of what we have or what it's worthwhile, and to keep our presence-- confidential, as much as we keep yours confidential. Mutual confidentiality. I want to-- Can I show him the ring? Grog, would you-- Greg, could you please show him-- I have to sign it with my own name, I imagine, anyway-- Can you show him the-- Your piece. Fair. Last question. The final question. How powerful is the Herald of Vassalage? We would have to get into his stronghold? And this creature itself? A horn devil? What is this 'we'? What's another dead pit fiend in hell? What about the Bastion of Flesh? All right. I'm signing. I check to see his name, is it his real name that is signed? Mm, all right. Not the full name, but enough. Oh no, wait, it's happen-- No, I'm not doing that. No, I've actually finished it. What's a devil to a man who fears no god? Whitney warned me it would come to this. It's my sister, you never met her. Any advice would be welcome. We want what you want. Would you know where to get a Silence spell, out of curiosity? One would be-- two would be even more helpful. Make-- make the-- the weird little magnet things happen. And take the survey if you have a moment! Oh man. I for one am going to have some sleepy time tea. Warm milk of the damned. That'll do. Wisdom saving? 19. Do we have any souls? Is it not that bad or is it just slightly above awful? Okay. Put some hot water on it and-- That's fair. I'm going to use the gun barrel to sear it a bit. You'd like to try my eraser? Don't speak so loudly. I didn't say not to whisper. Act natural. Yes. Don't act natural, be as cool and calm as possible. That's the spirit. Just like that. Any luck on those other materials? Silence spell or two? How many of us? Then you'd be down a spell. Do you think that sounds like a reasonable plan or do you think that's-- Are we doing it now or later? This is us. Looking at Silence spells. With advantage? 30. Natural one. There was something about that coffee cup being there. There we go. I turn and break away from the group and head in a slightly different direction for a moment and sit and nurse my elbow, and try and just look like I'm dealing with my medical issue and really try to look like I didn't notice the thing that's watching me now. Meh. Deception? Nine. Do I have any of the soul-- One moment. I'm going to pull out a piece of the soul, the edible soul, and just about to eat it. I'm trying something. I've got the shard of soul out, the soul shard. Giving it a smell. And I'm going to, not quite loudly, but with a bit (disgusted sound) and I'm going to huck it in the other direction with distaste. Can we try and give it the slip? It won't work. I'm going to dust myself off and try and just meander into a shadow. I still have Pass Without a Trace. I'm going to see if I can just vanish stealthily. I am being actively watched? I'm also going to-- Can I also use my boots of spider walking to see if I can crawl off the street a little bit and see if I can-- Disadvantage. I hate disadvantage so much. That's cocked. It doesn't matter though, it's awful. Yeah, never mind, I fail. I'm just-- I'm going to keep talking over the headphones, trying to keep up with where everyone else is, but walking off a block, in the hopes of sort of bullshitting my way through this. Do I recognize what this specter entity is? I'm going to try and keep pace with that thing. Is it following me? I just had five of the worst rolls I've ever had in a row. That was just ugly. There was just ugliness happening, and I don't feel it's gone yet. It's not the dice, it's in me. Shut up. Thank you. I'm going to take this opportunity to try and turn another corner. 23! Better. 27. No. Tell Doty to get in. Tell Doty to get in, maybe. Yes. Perhaps we should bend them back? Can Doty put it back? Magic carpentry. Well, that's my kind of ridiculous. I think this is a brilliant opportunity. What? Before we do this, can we have a ten-minute discussion about whether or not to-- There's actually three more guests still waiting in line. I'm going to gingerly go over and very quietly say we are a remarkable opportunity if you're willing to be quiet and maybe have a little faith in the truth in this very dark place. Heal her. That is the most condescending "hmm" I think I've ever experienced! Let's put it this way. We're sneaking into this unholy compound in Dis, basically a city of hell, to do something inappropriate, we find you tied to a table, we figure that maybe you're in the mood to -- Who put you here? 18. 28. Can you point to me on the map? Okay, I'm going to do a couple things. Blow the cover for ev-- well. I'm going to take my movement to run around him and shut the door. Using my boots. 'Cause my boots are already active. Oh, it's too big? Oh, okay, hold on then. I'll-- you know what, I'll do the acrobatics roll to try and shut the door, and-- That'll do. 22. I'm going to take three slashes at him with my sword. Disadvantage on the attack rolls? But I am prone. Okay, so, attack number one. That don't matter. 28? Just do attack number two. That's 15. And, uh, 24. Got two hits with the-- what's-- these. Two hits, so that's-- I'm using a sword, not a gun, so that's-- That's 18 points of damage. 18 points of damage, and, you know, let's just burn a little bit of electricity too, just to hurt him as well. That's everything combined. And then let's do a-- where is-- here we are. Let's do a-- where is the damage? 1d6 lightning, so let's just burn two charges of that as well. I'm out of d6s for some reason that I cannot comprehend. Thank you. And let's add five points of lightning damage to that as well. Do I get an attack of opportunity? Disadvantage or no? Point of random order before he runs-- Random point of order, isn't this a surprise round? Damn it. He noticed us, okay, never mind. End this. (whispers) Drag him back in here. That may be the end of the-- Oh! Nope, not. Can Grog not see to the right of him yet? Yeah. Okay. You know we have ear pieces, we can just talk to each other, you are aware? Bring him back in. What's to my right? A hallway and a doorway? You know, I don't think I'm very useful for what they're doing right now, so I'm just going to do a little bit of a poke around over there to see what's happening and listen. What am I going to do, shoot a gun right now? You can't do that. That's not how this works. That's not how any of this works. Those cages are empty? And that chest is closed? That one. I look around. I'm going to run through into that smaller room, on the other side. I crawl up on the wall, because I can, and watch in horror. We gotta eventually get a candle on this. A handle and a candle. That was helpful. That was two out of four possible answers. Really don't Google that. Shh, go to sleep, go to sleep. Oh, Tutonka! I know Tutonka. Are we still in combat mode right now? I want to check out what's still covered by dark, very gently. I'm staying at the back. I didn't have a chance to peek inside any of those doors, did I? Peek in through the window of any of those doors, did I? Slew. Peed on before. It looks like a happy little robot from up top. Cool cool. Could've been drinking in a bar, like a normal person, but no, tied to a chair. Uragash. Night!