They're up! Mercer gives an amazing foot massage. It's amazing. Madness. Yeah, against all sanity, I will be at Anime Expo on Friday and Saturday-- God be with me. Oh lord. At the Unified Pictures booth talking about the new Vampire Hunter D comic, which I'm doing some stuff with and helping out with. It's going to be awesome. We're going to have a giant hand on display. It's madness. And they are already prepared for me to just sit there and talk about DND and Pathfinder, and they're already prepared and totally cool with that. So come on by and just talk. Makes them look good. Yes! I want to run to my car and get my ID badge. Oh, why would I do that? I was going to say, it's Warner Brothers. They never give me headphones in Warner Brothers. Direct. I like it. Yeah, no, I-- We're rolling, that was the beep. Direct. I like it. This is going to be ten minutes. They're recasting something or rewriting something. More acting. Direct. I like it. I'm having some weird stomach stuff, too I don't know if they're picking that up. Just do one more, louder. That's just usually what they want, just one more louder. Does he have the golf cart? I'm going to grab the mic and help to bar it. I'm Periscoping all this shit! This is the most concise direction we've had. If I can get to my car, I think I have a kit for this, but other than that I'm not really sure what to do. Okay. Is the rail system for the television broken? Well, you know the giant TV in ADR5 is on a big swinging arm. So we can break the glass if we just give this thing a big, heavy push. You can certainly have at it! I'm working on the TV. Oh no. These stats are a compliment, man, dear god. Did you roll them?! Legit, how crumpled does this look? I'm going to grab the TV, and I'm going to take a running throw with the TV. Okay. Oh boy. I'm using a different die, too. That is. That's 18. Out! 24? 13. Have you really drawn a map?! I say run and duck into the kitchen, and see-- and just run and duck into the kitchen. No. Why would they put it here? This is the worst place to put money. I'm going to go through my bag and see if I have anything. Grab the sword and let's run out! It's a caduceus! I know what this is. This is a thing. It's the snakey thing. Hold on, this might-- I'm going to grab that. I'm going to run quickly into the men's bathroom that's right behind that little hallway. Oh, I did pick up that rod. I'm going to run to the bathroom and try and find some fucking Advil underneath the god damn-- I'm going to find first aid and pills. Okay. 20! No, 21! I pour my pockets full with them and take four. I get nervous, man. I open the door, and I'm taking some of these, in case, and-- I hadn't really thought about it. Worst-case scenario, we feed it the dog if it tries to go for us. Upstairs! I don't know. 19. Has it noticed us? I'm going to gently start pulling people back towards the door. I'm gonna take two more Advil. I'm gonna offer them around. Is there a golf cart covered in vegetation? Are there any remnants of a golf cart? We can take turns. If he's terrible, we can just take turns. Throw the dog in the water! Your friend is dead 10,000 years ago! Let's head towards the valet. I'm going to gently stealth towards the valet. Yo! God, I'm killing it. He's just gassy. 20. I'm using a new die. I don't even know what's happening. If it's marsh, I wear clogs for god's sake. My shoes are useless. This is going to be awful. Okay, there's a roll. Five. Percy is not capable of rolling below a ten. Protein powder style. Yeah? I'm going to try and hentai this thing. I'm going to do my best to concentrate at it and see if something happens. No. I want to just-- This feels weird and I feel stupid. Roll to attack? What do I add to my-- well, it's been a while, I'll find out. What do I add to my roll to attack? Oh, spell save attack bonus? So that's 14. Five plus one. Oh, so just the plus one? So. 14 2d6 times two. You don't-- double the dice. You just double the dice. Pretty good! That would have killed any of us. Wait. I'm going to try something. I'm going to try to fire something with the not tentacle hand at the dead creature. No, he's not moving, that doesn't mean dead. I'm going to try. Because it was moving earlier. This is weird! Feeling better. You have all your knives? Do we see any golf carts or our cars left? Right. Eight. Is it a blue Scion or the remnants of a blue Scion? No, it's the fake Brooklyn building. Wait, maybe if we try to cut through the vines and get into the doors. They have those awful little stairs inside these buildings, anyway. We could maybe just climb up inside. On the vines to get to the door. You go up. You're light. We stay down here. Text doesn't work here. We can't see. I'm going to look outside. I'm looking out the door now. Nair. It's made of Nair. That's a terrible idea. I think if it's The Last of Us, we need Ashley Johnson, and then we can make a decision. This is not just about me not wanting to submit to cannibalism. You should go first. I'm still a little upset that we talked about eating me before the dog, which is really-- Do I have any power left to my phone? It was a normal-looking bird? That's helpful. This is not Tomb Raider. That looks like a very high number. 12. Did you roll for the dog, too? Yep, that's a thing. I don't know. This is not a game, man. There's no hit points to get. Let's observe outside. I'm going to peek outside. I can limp. I'm fine. If we live that long, I will take it up with my SAG representative, and I will photograph it once my phone is working again. There was no stunt coordinator in this VO session. So outside is goop? I'm looking out. Okay, so there's foliage? Are there any phone lines still hanging? There was that table a while ago? All right. Let's make a quiet walk of it. Because you're not going to move fast enough to outrun any of that weird shit in there. Travis, can I get a piggyback ride, please? Thank you. That's cool. It's legitimately the magic word. One gentle step at a time. 17. You're the fucking hunter. I'm running towards where they-- I'm running after Travis. I'm okay. Yeah. Wait! Oh god. Oh, really? Oh god. Okay. I'm opening up my bag and pulling out my very expensive hardcover copy of The Wicked + The Divine. And I'm tearing my least favorite pages and starting to roll them into a torch. If this is the last copy on Earth, I will kill you! And I've made a bullshit torch out of comic book paper. Where are you? This is amazing. I always thought there was something really fucked up about that Animaniacs cartoon. I think we need to deal with this shit. It's the fucking O'Briens! What's your agent doing for you, man? Yes! Oh, 14! I was reading. I am going to cast-- I had an epiphany! I had a fucking epiphany. And I cast Chill Touch on Conan O'Brien. Chill, motherfucker! I also have some basic massage, and this is coming into play. (counts quietly) 20! On a hit, the target takes 1d8 necrotic, which is seven, and can't regain hit points until the start of my next turn, and is he undead? He has disadvantage on all of his attack rolls until the end of my next turn. I do that, and then I run behind Travis. I run behind Laura. 1d8 plus two. You take the ground O'Briens. We'll deal with the flying O'Brien. Everything will be fine. Oh no. They're quick. Oh wow. I'm going to run towards Travis. I have my movement, whatever my movement is. As a bonus action, I'm going to give him some Advil and give him a slap across the face, and then for my main action, I'm going to Chill Touch the Liam in front of me. Come on, motherfucker. 18. And that's eight points of damage, necrotic. And then Advil and slapping for my bonus action. Not yet! Say please! This is the funniest he's ever been, really. Conan O'Barden. That's not very good. It's magic. All right, you're fine. I've stopped slapping you. Where am I? Oh. there I am. I'm going to get away from Travis, and head back a little, back towards the main group, and I'm going to cast Mage Hand. About there. And I'm going to cast Mage Hand. Can I make it do things when I want to cast it, or is it not until next turn that I can make it? I'm going to have it start retrieving the other dagger for Laura. 11. We should totally kill these Liams. We have lots of Advil. Can I send my Mage Hand up there? Oh shit. He's not 30, is he? He's like 40? Fuck that. Fine. I suppose with everything going on, I'll do another Chill Touch at Jerky McJerkFace. 13? As a bonus action, I'm looting the shirt. (laughter) Good call. It just took Conan O'Brien for us to turn on each other. That's all it fucking took. I'm going to book it towards the tower, as well. I'm going to swing wide, and as I swing wide across him, I'm going to hit him with the Chill Touch. Yeah, Conan. 17. That's seven points of necrotic, plus he's at disadvantage for attacks. He's frozen like a statue. You roll to hit, I think, but you get an auto-crit. You've got a throwable weapon! That's a start. 11. Chill Touch at the Conan O'Lichman. I should roll a d20. 14. That's six points of necrotic, plus disadvantage. Six. Six necrotic. I take a step closer to the lich and hit him again with the Chill Touch. I'm going to just keep hitting him. Natural 20. TRAVIS and Double dice? Roll twice or double it? 14 points of necrotic damage. I've thought about this so many times. That was pretty good. I'm going to take my skeletal freezing hand and start slapping him down into the dirt. (yelling) You're terrible at video games! You're awful! You're just terrible! You make Mortal Kombat look bad! I go to loot the body, or what's left of it. I don't know. I'm going to start grabbing bones. Does he have anything on him? Is there anything I find in the pile? I'm going to turn around then and go look at the water tower. Towards the tower. I cast Hellish Rebuke. If he touches me, I cast Hellish Rebuke. Oh. Bixley? Oh, hey! Are we going to do this? All right, we're going to do this. According to IMDB... Early 20s. I don't like to pin it down. Early 20s. With time change, or without, because you've also got the crazy time shit. It's the medieval era. You die before 40, really. You guys are going to live forever. They really have a giant television on a swinging arm. Makes it really hard to get tea. He needs fanart. Well, no, because we'd be playing each other, then. Yeah, that would be fun. I would like to be Grog. That would be fun. We don't actually know how the game is played. I think she's got it tattooed on her arms. Yeah, he's intimidating. You did. It was amazing. Legitimately, right now in my car I have a quiver of arrows. I do. Still left over from the photo shoot. I haven't returned them to my friend Ashley. Yeah, I haven't cleaned out my car, so I have that. I have my laptop and all my work stuff and phone chargers. I've got a black velvet frock coat, large leather boots-- I'm not kidding about any of this-- a hardcover copy of The Wicked + The Divine. Thank you for putting that on my character sheet. And some nail wraps. Thank you for putting that on my character sheet. Although not the ones I used in the game, because the ones I would have used in the game would have been the limited edition Hamilton Federalist Papers. I have outtakes from recording today of Caitlin Glass singing whole chunks of it. TRAVIS and It's such a problem. Weirdly, I would have thrown out wizard. I'm surprised. I would have pegged wizard. It's like coming across coyotes in the wild. I'm so happy to see it and I don't want to call attention to it, either. It's awesome. But now you've got the Pokeball, though. The Pokeball's great. She's been bragging that she's known for a while now, too, and she just lords it over us. I want to be Teddy Ruxpin, so you can be the little caterpillar dude who follows him around all the time. SAM and Do you not know your Tiddy-- Teddy Ruxpin, motherfuckers? You just don't like it because of bears. I'm first mate, and then we all take turns being the captain. Matt does a thing with his voice, and he did that thing that night. Someone asked, will you ever use Diplomacy again? Yeah, it's just really complicated because in order to use it, I have to get hit by lightning, and inevitably that's going to happen and that's a wonderful counter to being hit by lightning at the moment until I can sit down and do something to it. We fought a lot of bandits, if I recall. There were a lot of bandits. A lot of bar fights and people threatening us with mugs. There's a whorehouse in Westruun. Yeah, no, that's cool. Pick up! We were talking about that. It's a broom, people! We've all stolen shit from Chris Hardwick, at this point. What's the big fucking deal? Yeah! I'm chaotic good! I may take one. You've made me feel like I could maybe do it. People want to send you money. If I DM, it won't be DND, though. It'll be something else, guys. If I DM a game, it's not going to be DND. I will repost the professional photograph from prom. I have to ask if I can. The site may have been down, so check later. I do know we broke the site. Tickets are still available! No, if I do a game, it's probably, and I don't want to confirm it Tabletop Vampire was a big thing when I was a teenager. I really like Tabletop Vampire. It's very simple. Ever? I really like the Reefer Madness musical from a few years ago. It was really funny. The first musical I went to see was Tom Daley's Gypsy in LA. That was amazing. Book of Mormon. The reboot of Cabaret they did with Alan Cummings was pretty spectacular. I got to see that in New York a few years ago. My parents did a number on me. I think I'd be okay. My parents assumed I was gonna usher in the apocalypse. They're still waiting for it, really. I had Hellish Rebuke, and I didn't get to use Hellish Rebuke. That's the dog. I'm excited about all the fancy armor we can now make with black and white scales because we have black and white scales. Did the t-shirt contest stuff get moved to next week? Do you all agree with the stats that Liam gave you? I felt highly complimented on mine. Just sleep! Yeah, you do start to recognize voices and listen for things. You get a little bit of the tech brain, but other than that, it's really fun. It's one of the reasons I'm enjoying Overwatch is that I barely recognize anyone, which both makes me sad and happy. I just saw the new Shadowrun book. I don't know if I'm up for that. That was the most scared the group has ever been. We bit off way more than we could chew. It was great. That would have been very sad. I wear mine in the hot tub. Just my jacket. It was amazing. Down to the fruit on the fruit plate. Oh yeah, the brownies! Even between us, we all walk away from the table during breaks going, (gasps) no matter what the fuck was going on. Oh yeah, we all have a little bit of interesting YouTube ephemera. They've only found the strawberry so far, is the only thing they've found of mine. I've got some other weird shit. We did a Close Encounters Coca Cola commercial back in the day. I had a whole cult watching me drink a Coke. Somewhere. I don't know. Girls are pretty in the Feywild, I'm just saying. That shit's going to go down. I know, it's too much! Percy's a vicious son of a bitch. I saw about half an hour of it. I enjoyed it. I don't want to know-- Maybe it's a thing about working as an actor that you don't feel that drive to know any more. Working on it. How much is planned and how much is improv-ed? We never have conversations with Matt about what we're going to do, unless we're gonna do something that he needs to know about. No. Other than using the shower a couple times when the water wasn't functioning, that's pretty much. Yeah, no, we're all rangey. Individual regrets, Percy doesn't believe in them. He just believes in good life lessons. Other than the regret of his existence, he's pretty down. It's like, once you've fucked up that hard, everything else is just whatever. I loved our fight, and I'm sad it never got to see its inevitable conclusion. The conversation we had in the craft room afterward was possibly the most satisfying. Do you remember? You were like, okay, what would have happened if I had put my hand in the shadow. You were like, what would have happened? Had the skull in your hand. I'm so excited for it. It's my favorite thing going on right now. I know. Pirates!