Could have been tundra. Could have been tundra. Mine's kind of wonky, can I get a new one? Got a little-- Yeah. We're talking about the Eisners this week. The Eisners got announced all in-- a couple friends of the show. Jodie got announced. I think Max got announced for one. I haven't gone through the whole list, but we're going to start talking about the Eisners and it's probably-- we're going to break it up but I think we're probably going to have three talks about the Eisners. There's a lot to talk about. It'll be great. What are the Eisners? Who was Eisner? And-- What are these books? What does it mean? We don't know. We'll find out. I don't know. But we do. Wednesday, noon to 2PM Pacific Standard Time. Which ones are the Gryffindors? I know one of these two teams is the Gryffindors. Oh wait, wait, that's the line de scrimmage, right? That's where they-- The line of scrimmage, yeah. The line. There's velcro! I think it divides into four, actually. Yup, that's a thing, okay. The Alpha team is laughing right now. The Bay of Jifs. Yes. I think, between the three of us, it should be fine if the rest of you want to go and-- -- talk to Wilhand and see what information you can glean. Yes. All right. Well, I mean, yes, but that is honestly like saying 'a man with brown hair of average height' when it comes to these sorts of creatures. It could be anything. It's kind of the effect they go for. No glowing eyes. No. So, there's that. A bit of smoke. Lots of smoke and bird-like. Honestly, who knows? We don't know enough yet. It's too general. It could also potentially be bullshit. We'll know more when they decide to open up, or if your travels for information bear fruit. I imagine that depends on him. (high-pitched) Oh, yes! So while this is both happening at the same time, there'll be some sort of narrative distance. I don't know, I just had this weird aneurysm just hit my brain, I'm not entirely sure what it was. Have you met my friend, Lord Fourth Wall? Oh. There's more. A few more at least. So. Yes. Anything that hasn't been cut yet, yes, please. Ah. A fairy circle. Make a wish. Ah. Anyway. We were hoping to gather the clan and take you on a tour of the estate when you're prepared. Let me check. I'll be right back. Oh, well, I've gone into my sister's bedroom and have begun to raid the spring clothing to find the most ostentatious hat I can find and start shoving as many things into it as I possibly can. Yes. 15. Sure, and it'll be very ill-fitting now. Get a feather in there, get the whole thing really. So it's very hard to lose him. Are we missing something? I don't know. Is it finished? I think we probably have a white, plumey feather. Oh, wait-- I'm gonna look to see if I can find some bells. All right. I'm actually going to send you on that one, since you have the broom. We'll need two. I'll find a feather. All right. I'm going to just take a quill, basically, and stick it in there. I don't even care. I know, it's wonderful. I needed this. Yeah, the horn helmet was pretty spectacular, but I feel like we may have topped it. "What does JB eat?" Yes? Yes. We actually have a carpet we were thinking of using for this. And one of those things it needs is beer. Yes, here we are. Magnificent, isn't it? So that we can definitely find you no matter what. You would think that, but honestly, I don't believe that we've ever had an official tour guide before you. You would be starting! This technically falls under "This and That," doesn't it? It's customary to show respect by jingling the bells. I think it's just so much more exciting when you say it. Why not? Grand Poobah of All of This and That Breaking point! The breaking point is right beneath your chin! Who knew! Been searching for years! We pull out the carpet, and invite Ogden and JB. I understand. I'll ride the carpet so that you can stay free for, yes. Right. I know, I know. I'll be fine. Yes? Oh god. I'm okay with it. Let's roll with this. I'm totally fucking down. I'm in. It's just me like, like a gondola driver. The gardens were originally constructed by Melanie de Rolo, who is actually one of more interesting de Rolos of the time. She was of the third generation to be born into this castle-- Don't know why I bother. Melanie is-- -- Melanie was actually fascinating. She was eventually removed from her position for accusations of witchcraft and raising of the undead. There's actually quite a bit of interesting ghost stories if that's your sort of-- Oh yes, the strange materials that are mined in this part of the world have given rise to all sorts of stories due to its pale appearance, the fact that under certain types of moonlight it can glow with a strange phosphorescent supernatural glow. There are even tales of people-- -- seeing several of the more notorious de Rolos as spirits wandering about the halls, Melanie just being one of them. But she was very excited by the notion of a garden and actually, originally, many of these paths were-- Thank you. (laughter) I could keep going. Well, actually, why don't we take them to target practice? I'm sure that the Riflemen are probably at least doing a round of target practice. That might be fun to see. I'm not allowed to call them that anymore. It's a shooting alley. It's fun, it's got some moving bits, but I'm sure you can understand exactly what it entails. This is quite possibly the only one in existence, so this is quite exciting. Makes you look bigger as well. Stale blondie. I'm not allowed to say that word out loud. I think they may be drunk enough. Let's go see the-- Your boy. What's his name? Yeah. At ease, at ease. We are giving a very rare tour of the grounds and we thought that, these being Trickfoots, as in the family of Trickfoots-- -- we would show them one of the things that makes this castle so special, and one of the things that makes this castle so special is you and your company. At ease. This man in command of you all is one of the few people who could actually do a little damage to us in our time. He has great respect. Very much so. I could not think of anyone better for this particular occupation. I am nothing but prideful. I'm showing off some trick shots to the Trickfoots while we're-- That's a very different show. I'm so glad I can't hear any of this. One does not, sadly. They're very rare outside of this castle, and traditionally when they're found outside of this castle, they're collected and the owner is often killed. I will let you know. Yes, I think that's a great idea. I will say yes to this. Not one of my guns, but thankfully we have a couple of the ones that are a little wonky. Kind of, yes. It'll be fun. I'm showing them through the basics of loading the powder. I do this very quickly, so I know it's very difficult to see. Very fast, yes. I load it for them. One at a time. Because this could go poorly. You're welcome to try. I give him an ample amount of powder. This is going to be funny. Very solid. There's a bit of kick to these. You feel it in the shoulder. Maybe. It's all right. I think that's a great idea. Extremely. There should not, which is why if we find them outside this castle, it's taken care of, one way or another. I'm going to do a quick load shot just to air it out a bit. No. (laughter) Yeah, this is 25. I will never, ever outlive the shame I feel for inventing these. I put it back down. Walk away. You know what? I'm going to say yes. One at a time. You'll have to be very careful. It's very dangerous. Not just for what you're shooting at-- They're both empty. I'm going to go a little Luciferian here. I'm going to load one at a time. I'm going to mis-load; I'm going to let the powder roll so it creates a flashpan. It's going to be a big, ugly, loud mess. It's not going to fire a shot. It's just going to be a big, ugly mess. I'm making a blank. I'm making a blank with a powder pop. It's going to be a little singe-y. You hit something. Well done. You know, just because I'm curious, I'm going to give her a normal shot. Good form. That, as well. I figured. The Sun Tree was angry. It may have taken revenge. No, I think that we've had enough for the evening. No, I have to fill out so much paperwork for that one. We'll do it next time. If you would like to try and fill out the paperwork... All right, then. I certainly am not up to it, so I completely understand if you're not. Just checking. None of the gnomes had even the slightest tinge of reaction when he said that? Or no. 23. Even a twitch? Perhaps it's time to have a difficult conversation. How would you know that it's leaving a mark if you had not disturbed the string? It's very important. Are you saying that it's too difficult for you to wear, that it's not working? All right. Let me know when you are finished with it, and when it is time to retire it, I will make sure that it goes back to its resting place. I think my sister likes you. Bit odd. Seems a bit odd. At what point will (strained) the lack of circulation begin to make you talk like this? I don't feel like they're telling the whole truth. Talk to his tics. Does he have tics? We'd have to start right now. We should start, at the very least. My worry is, if I understand this curse correctly, the only person I think that could possibly be at risk from it would be JB. Think about it. What avarice have any of us ever experienced from Pike? I... What I'm saying is perhaps-- Please do, actually. Google avarice. Hate and greed. It's a covet-ness, it's someone is-- The point I'm trying to make is, and I'm having a notion-- The point I'm trying to make in all of this is that perhaps they're trying to save one of their own, and perhaps they need to move the curse to another Trickfoot. We should start consecrating the ground, at the very least. I tend to veer towards the worst-case scenario. Somebody has to. That is a question. I would check both of them. We should perhaps do this while we're setting up the ritual. Since it'll just be up there and it'll be natural to talk about this subject. Exactly. It's going to take several days, and I'm sure we're going to need their help. Prod your fingers deep into the recesses, the nooks and crannies of their-- You don't have to do this. In case you have to look weird. Do you have to look weird while you do this? Are you listening, Sarenrae? It's me, Pike. (laughter) I say tomorrow on the mountain. Yeah, we've got to start right now. So we have to start this immediately. No one bothered to listen to any of my exciting stories about my home. All right, that's a 19. The Dawn Table. But we can carpet or teleport. I'll see if I can recall if there's a tree nearby. We can certainly get closer. It's only a few days. Maybe during the ritual set-up because, I don't know, would it work while you're walking? Not a rhombus, anything but that. I feel like chewing on your own toenails is the worst villain origin possible. I'm highly dubious of this entire endeavor. Gilmore's out of town. Let's do it. I'm going to get some tents and some food put together, so we're at least comfortable. It's not really horse-accessible. The big guy will be fine. He can cloud-stride as well. One of us, in theory, should actually perhaps take the carpet so we can put Doty on the carpet. We wouldn't even need the tree-stride, to be honest, we could just do it. I mean, we could do from the base of the mountain to the top in two hours, three hours, but we could make the entire journey quite quickly. We'll bring tents, we're going to bring some nice tents. In the morning. That's doable, I believe. I'm pretty sure we have access to that. Nothing a little lavender and sulfur can't cure, in my experience. I'm going to go get a pound for good measure. What's a diamond? Something similar to it. Exorcism for science. Why not. (laughter) We'll get the lavender and sulfur together. I'm sure I can dig up a pound of sulfur. I figured, let's just get double what we need, just to be safe. We need half a pound. You keep your armor in a box filled with lavender? Does it smell fresh and clean? All right. Your armor now smells like a grandmother's bathroom. He does, it's true. He calls them sachets. I'm going to let the castle know I'm taking a brief, brief run up the hill and grabbing supplies for this, so letting everyone know. Grabbing a few tents. That's okay. 19? I think you'll be quite pleased. It's a gas. I would say, let's get all of the gnomes up there first so they can begin setting everything up. I'll stay as well. Take Doty so he can set up the tents. Yeah, that should work. Lock the door! Okay, that's a lot. I think I'm gonna want some high ground up on that hill. Common, Celestial, Elven. 22. Just 'cause this thing's weird, first thing I'm gonna do is I'm going to hit it with a Sharpshooter with-- where's my runs? With a Deadeye. So I'm getting advantage on it and hitting with Sharpshooter. And let's see what happens. With Animus. That's, yeah, 30 to hit. That's-- my brain is made of swiss cheese. Here we go. 1d10 plus 1d6, so that's-- yeah, that's nice. So that's, oh yeah, that's really good. 26 points of damage, plus six points of psychic damage, and just because I'm irritated by this thing, I'm gonna drop some Cabal's Ruin into it. Let's just drop-- where's my pen? Here's my pen. Let's drop five points of Cabal's Ruin into that. That's 5d6, if I recall? So that's, ugh, three, four, five. Ten points of lightning damage. This is Animus. The lightning and the psychic didn't do anything? I'm going to-- I don't know what to do. I just shot at it. I'm going to attempt to Hex it with a bonus action. Does it catch? Maybe it's an illusion. I'm going to-- since I don't have much left, I burnt a little bit, I'm just I'm going to reload, hunker down, and watch what happens. I'm also going to watch the gnomes, all of them. Are any of them doing weird shit? That's where I'm gonna use the rest of my turn, to just look at the gnomes and see what they're doing. That's my turn. I'm watching all this and highly confused. I'm going to turn on my boots, and I'm going to run down towards the creature, and I'm going to attack it with my silver-laced sword and see what happens. And I'm taking a swing. No, it's okay, 'cause this is pretty good. 17. Eight points of damage. I'm going to take another stab. It's a 24. I'm also going to, out of curiosity, run d6 worth of Cabal's Ruin through it, just to see what happens. So that's-- wow, that really-- that's 14 points of piercing damage and two points of electrical damage. The shock definitely did a thing? Okay! Just for fun, I'm taking a third hit. I'm gonna take a third shot at him. And burn, yup. No, a third slice and I'm gonna add, just for fun, let's do one, two, three, let's do four more points of Cabal and see what happens. So. That's 15 points of piercing damage. Seven, eight, nine. And 13 points of electrical. Yeah, and I'll take three more hits really quick. I'm going to burn an Action Surge. Just do three more real quick. Just going for it. I'll roll them all at once. So. That's-- Yeah, that all hits. It's a 11, a 13 and a 17. They all-- they all hit. That's 11 points. 13 points. And ten points. This is very therapeutic. Get her! This'll end well. 18. Don't! No! No! No! Travis Willingham, you're going to get in big trouble! That's a good call. Okay, forget this. That'll do. I'm going to keep watching. Don't overcommit! Don't overcommit! No! I'm gonna walk below the cliff and just stand on the cliff and start knocking on the ball on the other side and waving so he can get a nice view of the drop down. I was technically right below it. I'm gonna make a grab. I was kind of prepared for this. Dex saving throw? You know. I'm going to re-roll that. I'm going to use a Resolve. Yeah. It's the exact same roll. Dex saving roll-- it's 11. She can take some damage. Should we tell them if he survived? Or do you want to surprise them? I say loudly enough for everybody to hear. I'm pulling back up. Oh yeah, he's fine. Yeah. And as a bonus, there is a diamond at the bottom of the cliff, if you're feeling nimble. I'm going to walk up to Ogden. Give a little-- When you make it down the hill, you will find your cart outside the city limits in perfect working order, searched for anything else you might have tried to stash away from my city. I'd also like to remind you that the Riflemen have seen your faces up close, and the next time you come anywhere near our castle, you will be shot on sight. I release a low charge of Diplomacy right into him. Just so we're clear. Excellent. How much damage did we do to your little fucking marionette? You were just doing the John Stewart bullshit, like "Ah. Ah!" Are we healing it? What the hell? Wow! That I could totally see playing out. I completely believe that you would do that, you son-of-a-bitch.