I can confirm that that is indeed-- It's my favorite shirt. 18. It's not good for me. Okay. I'm going to look out the door. What do I see when I look out the door? I'm going to take some shots from inside the mansion at the pit fiend, and then I'm going to duck away from the door again. I'm not going to step out of the doorway. I'm going to step in. I'm in the doorway still. Very specific about that. Here we go. First shot. Oh, before I do anything, I'm going to cast Hex on the pit demon, giving him a strength disadvantage. And here we go. First shot. Oh god. Don't do anything stupid. Okay. That's fine. 22 to hit. I am so not together. That's not bad. That's 15 points of damage, plus six points of psychic, plus four points of necrotic damage. 15 plus six plus four. Next shot. Let's go Sharpshooter. See what happens. Yay. 26 to hit. I'm shaking more than normal. Oh, that's good. Oh shit. That's really good. Holy fuck, that's a Percy roll. 26 points of damage, four points of psychic damage, and six points of necrotic damage. That's stacking. I'm not breaking it up. All of these are stacked. Because I don't know if the necrotic and the psychic are doing full damage to him, so I'm trying to break them up for you. I'm going to do that again. (laughs) And here we go for the final roll for this attack. Pew pew. And that's again. That's really good. That's 29 to hit. I do not do that crit thing now. Not yet. This is also good. That's 28 points of normal damage, five points of psychic and three points of necrotic. 28 points of normal damage. Five points of psychic damage. Three points of necrotic damage. And now I'm going to hide behind. I'm going to like spin around and get inside the doorway and back the fuck off. Oh, throw it at me. Okay. Pick carefully. They are. Pick carefully. The only thing I knew you'd love. Don't you dare pin that on me. Don't you fucking dare. That was definitely a nice one that you found. They get way worse. That's actually really good. And, technically, me. Don't make that face! Check, or saving throw? He's high enough up. In theory, he can't reach. He can't see it. Against the south wall of that little building. Oh, boy. Okay. Okay, fine. First thing I'm going to do is tell the servants, get these children out of their chains. You, either hide or help. Don't care. Turning around, out of the room. You're just doing this to touch my hair. Lord. So I'm going to come out of the door, take a look around, see him, and I'm taking a shot at-- No, I'm curling around the door. Yeah. I see him. I'm going to take a shot to try and drop him. I'm going to do a wing shot. Burning grit. Normal shot. Natural 20. That was the wing shot. It doesn't matter, it doesn't affect the wing shot. Well, no, the shot still does damage. But he still has to do a strength saving check. No, that's a strength check. I can't find the DC. Where did the DC go? 50. No, it's not 50. I think the difficulty, I can't find it, but I think it's 18. Okay. I'm sorry, I'm so confused. Here they are. So, double damage. So that's 18, 22 points of normal damage. Of piercing damage. Three points of necrotic damage. Two points of psychic damage. I'm going to try another shot to bring him down, same thing. Oh, actually, that's a natural, so I don't even burn any grit. I'm going to try and bring him down again. That's 25. And that's not the right dice to roll, hold on. Wow, I'm really out of it. Here we go. That's 14 piercing. Four psychic. Six necrotic. 14, four, and six, altogether. Then, one more attempt to bring him down to earth. Here we go. That's 21 to hit. Can you switch dice? That would be cool. Oh, that's awful. Nine points of normal damage, three points of necrotic, three points of psychic. And bonus round, I reload and I'm going to finish running to the other side of the-- Yeah. And just hiding against the wall there. Not even-- just by the fruit. By the fruit cart. Next to the barrel of ugh. There's not much I can do, so I'm going to run towards that next set of buildings and recover next to the fountain. That you can't see. Nope, the other way. Yep, I'm going to burn the whole thing and then, see that fountain right there? Full movement. Okay, not that far, the other side of the fountain. I'm hiding in that corner. That actually-- did that burn my action? Actually, how far could I have gone without burning my action? I'm so sorry. No, that's fair. I'm just trying to get somewhere. Wait, wait! (mumbling) She's not fine, but she's not down. That's a great idea. He's that close, already? You know, there are actually chapters by-- Oh boy, okay. Oh, this is so bad. All right. This is such a phenomenally interesting disaster. No, okay, I've got some plans. I'm going to-- Okay, I'm going to try and get him to drop his, ah, fuck. Yeah, fuck it, I'm going to get him to drop his mace. So I'm taking that shot with sharpshooter. Actually, no, you know what? No, just straight, clean. Yeah, that'll do. 24. That's a strength save against, I believe, 18. Oh yeah, no, I don't even know why I bothered. But at the very least, that is ten regular points of damage, two psychic damage, and six necrotic damage. I'm going to, yeah, I'm going to hold off on that for a little bit. I'm so horrified by this entire-- I'm going to take another shot at him, straight, with sharpshooter. Nope, that goes really, really poorly. That misfires, and I take, ooh, yeah, no. This may work. Okay. I take six points of psychic damage. So I take six points of psychic damage, and I scream, they're mad, I'm mad, we're all mad! It's driving us mad! Help us! Help us all! And I scream, holding my head and running into the door. Seeing if I can fake out the djinn to thinking that maybe things are a little complicated. Do I get advantage on that? It was actually rather pleasant, I have to admit it. You have very soft hands. Fix right now. No, he's already burned his attack of opportunity. Oh, yes they would. Something missed! It's so nice. As far as I know, its reaction, its single reaction-- We've probably, I imagine, been narrating an awful lot of what's going on through the headpiece. Well, maybe not. I was going to say, she was yelling-- Well, fuck. I've lost my list of healing potions, but I think I had a minor potion left. I am inside. I'm going to grab a potion from-- I was about to say, I know I have one, but everything got fucked. We restocked right before we went. I'm going to feed her a potion for my move. Feeding her a basic. All right. Do I still have movement? Okay. That's five. No. Weird question, how far away is Vex from the door? Okay. I'm going to use half my movement to get to Vex. If this can be done, I'm going to burn my action surge and grab her. The rest of my movement to drag her into the hole. 15 more feet. 15 and 15. That'll do. No, she's in striking distance of the asshole. I'm getting her out of striking distance of the asshole. Okay! That's my move. Even though she was conscious when she got bitten? At least we all see that. So we now know what to do. Oh, fuck. All right. The only thing I could think of. Mythcarver is a 1d8 and a 1d6 plus three. Yeah, this doesn't feel fair. Please make a deception check. I'm going to finish dragging her in, so that we can fix this. So no, I'm so sorry. I'm going out of turn, then. I'll wait. I'm going to hold my turn to wait for the efreet to encounter Scanlan. That's why I'm holding my turn! If you can make this go away, I will be very happy. Yeah! Have you looked at the table of contents yet? You should look at the table of contents. It'll make you really happy. That's my favorite chapter. I just want to double check, I still have my attack, though? So I can actually hit him and-- I'm going to saunter over to the pile of ash and see if there's any proof that I can grab that we took care of this. Was he wearing a leather thong kind of thing, with a flap? Because I feel like I could really-- Okay. Go look to see if there's anything left. And let's all take a short rest and then go back. Fully healed. Oh, and short rest, which means I get all that back, and I get that back. Do ranged attacks also have advantage? Oh! So you grab something and we start whaling on it from a distance? Yes, no, this is definitely for me. How do you feel about snow? Well, that will do, then! He's going to drink all of the beer if you don't stop. You're welcome. And yes, that was weird for me, too. Just weird right now. Yes, thank you, but it's weird. We have the necklace. Died in disgrace, as well. Plot to overthrow the sultan. Faster than a speeding Loot Crate. What? It gets better! It gets better! Unconsciousness one time a day. That's nuts. That we know of. May I also recommend that we leave the children out of that room? We're about to head home, and we want to make sure that you know that we have not forgotten that we're indebted to you and that we plan, quite possibly if it's amenable, about contracting you for services in the future, as well, in your more common field. It's not like it's going to help. I like him. Let us be off, then. You'll most likely be hearing from us, as well. Yes. He does quite good work. I may have a thing. I'm giving it some time. I'm working on a commission. It's going to be lovely. It's going to be a surprise. All right, fine. If we survive this, we're going to have killed five dragons, so what a lovely thing it would be to have something built from the scales of five dragons. We would be the only people on the plane to be adorned with the scales of five dragons. Yes, that's exactly-- and Ray-Bans. I think if we survive this, I think we all should be given something beautiful. Also, perhaps adorn the castle with a few of them, as well. I love his work. We'll be in touch. Consequences and cows. Playlist on Friday.