Cock goblins. I will be in Phoenix, Arizona at the Amazing Comic Con, and if you follow me on Twitter, @executivegoth, I will actually tell you where I will be at the convention at various times. You can stalk me. I'll be very stalkable. E-stalk. Just his head, floating. Our first cameo. First Place for Youth. I'll have a link up to my Twitter in about five minutes. They help kids get through school, they help kids who are orphaned and having issues get their stuff together and become fabulous teenagers like we need in this world. Yes, great date. Wow, you took that to a dark place. You took that-- Natural 20. No, no. This is, by the way, for anybody tuning in for the first time at home, this is how we express that we have no idea what to do. We're at home. Is Kima still around? Is Lady Kima still around, or? Oh, not Vasselheim, I'm sorry. Allura. I'm on the wrong page. Red meat. Red. I thought that's what we were doing today. They're the only functioning organization left in the city at this point. Well, I say that we organize a group. Let's not get overexcited about the sudden realization that some of us can be a bit iffy. We've all had a moment, probably within the last three weeks. I'm not saying I don't. Yes, oddly, you and Pike seem to be immune. But let's organize a group, and let's at least open relations with them at this point. We are going to offer them our services in getting this city back to a functioning level. They don't want a city ruled by a dragon, we don't want a city ruled by a dragon. It's in their interest to help us clear the city. Not long-term, and these are groups that think long-term. Let's make it a business deal. We're talking about making a political decision. This is politics. They could. I doubt they'd leave, that's a terrible waste of an investment. I am, I'm relying on greed, it tends to be exceedingly reliable. Yes. Thank you. I'm curious as to other options. That would be quite wise. Nothing is ever going to top the triceratops, really. Absolutely. I don't know. I would love to. I can. I just can't get back instantly. And I figure that they would have sent somebody at this point if things had gone-- they have an instant transport to us if they need to find us. The Council knows about the stone. We would've heard. That would be lovely. Whitestone is also somewhere we could arm ourselves more completely against something like this. We're going to have to start-- My Aunt Edna. She's a dragon-lady, I don't know if that's the same thing. I was mocking him, yes. We fought a dragon-- we killed a dragon for them. Whitestone and Vasselheim, I think. Definitely. Yes. He's got a point. You've got a point. It's possible that Vasselheim might be our next stop after we secure everything here. What of Whitestone? We'll send word, at the very least. It's far north. I'll make sure to send word. We need like cups and string or something. Millions dead. For all your reclaimed wood needs. The best was watching Laura go, "Oh what a great i-- ooh." Should have stayed in school. Can I take a roll just for being a nerd? I am proficient in history. I want a nerd roll. 24. Book reading! I speak Elven, so that's good. (laughter) They've gone into hiding. I can't, but there's reason to believe so. It's what it points to. Historically, elves have, in times of great stress, taken important sites, important places, people, and either cloaked them, hidden them, or moved them into the Feywild until such time as the danger has passed. There is precedence for this. They've gone into hiding. Most likely. You didn't have to know that. Big girls don't scry. Sorry, I saw it on Netflix. I know. I know. Coffee hasn't kicked in yet. Well, they'll know soon enough. We are going to need transport. Ah. I don't think we're going to win this fight staying here, I think we're going to have to rally power, I think we're going to have to rally allies. I don't think there's enough here for us to win. We can go in shifts. This is not something that's going to be solved tomorrow. We can take a week, and move people. We're going-- we're not going to be able to empty the city. We can get these people out. And we're going to need-- and I apologise for the brightness in my voice-- I think we're going to need an airship. Like the one that crashed. We're going to need to move quickly, though, from city to city, and we're going to need to get word. We may have to steal an airship or something. I'm making a plan. I'm thinking of a plan. It's working. There is an empty airdock that's currently not being used in the city. We don't need it now, but we're going to be-- need to move-- I want to live like Teddy Ruxpin. This is all I've ever wanted. (laughter) We have time. This is not a one-day plan. I think that's a good plan. I already gave it to Keyleth. Hey, I've got a weird theory. Let's not send people with injuries yet, so that perhaps Pike can stay here and take care of them for a little bit? We don't want to lose a wagon to Whitestone. We'll count to six, and then we'll put the rope down, and when we hit six, we pull the rope, and it'll hold everybody-- Yes, hold the people back. We can get that many through in six seconds. And keep running. So that you make room for everyone behind you, we don't want like-- it's not the bottom of an escalator. Whatever that is. It's a thing I've been working on, it's going to be great. I'm already through. I'm going to get everybody organized. Everyone, please follow me. We're heading towards the main castle. Welcome to Whitestone. Thank you for that smattering of applause. Golf claps, please. Golf claps. We make our way to the castle. Things are not going well. Have you heard any news of Emon and what has been transpiring there? Yesterday, we were attacked by a group of chromatic dragons. The city is destroyed. There's no simple way to say this, but we're under siege. We were afraid that Whitestone would be destroyed, as well, but it seems that they have passed over you so far, but we fear for many cities' safety. I was hoping that it would be all right if we moved a small number of refugees through to Whitestone for the time being. Less than a hundred, I imagine. These are the first 20-some-odd that we've pulled through. Oh! Well, yes. Nothing I-- Anything I should know about? So I will let you know to stop all business with Emon for now. Be very wary, prepare the city for a possible dragon attack. Things are looking dark. And if it's possible, any research-- any energy that can be put forward towards mounting some sort of defense against these creatures would be greatly appreciated. Who arrived the other day? Please bring me to him. Oh my god. That's some pre-stream stuff, everybody. We've met! You look very familiar. (laughing) Ah, yes. Long gone, thankfully, long gone. We're Vox Machina-- Yes, thank you for that. (laughing) Well, first of all, how goes the research into the-- Well, sir, I have some bad news for you. I hail from Emon, which has been attacked by chromatic dragons-- Dragons have declared war on civilization. A group of dragons have destroyed our city, and they have destroyed other cities as well. We are in desperate need of powers to defend ourselves with-- So I would be very careful and send forward-- Send word ahead of yourself before you travel anywhere, it may not be there by the time you get there. Things are looking grim and I would ask while you-- If you intend to remain and work on your research on this anomaly beneath our city, perhaps thinking as to how it may be turned into a weapon for our use against these creatures would not be out of the realm of question, and any information you do have of the chromatic dragons would be invaluable. Any research that can be done. We are at war. That's Westruun? Westruun is no more, sir. Yes. Extremely aggravating. Well, we hope that you will find our winters here quite solitary, and convenient on that level. Things are looking grim. I must go. I have other work to do to start preparing-- Good day, sir. And good luck to you. We don't know yet, but we will be returning here. Cassandra will be able to get a hold of me if necessary. I am going to go find my sister and make my way to the stone. Why isn't the internet working! (frustrated noise) No, he wasn't helpful, but it was very helpful the way he wasn't helpful. It's a strange, strange-- Everything's going to be all right. Thank you. I will return very soon. We will, again with your permission, hopefully be using Whitestone as a place to regroup and prepare ourselves. Yes. You'll hide. I have thoughts, perhaps of a weapon. I don't know. But we're going to find a way to stop them. I'm not good at being the bearer of any bad news, but this is very dangerous and I don't know what we're going to do. (whispers) They don't have an airplane. I shall return soon. There will be a few more through, possibly tomorrow, with word. I will. And Cassandra, I'm proud of you. You're doing very well here. We'll get there. They hurt. Good to know. I did, everything is fine up there, the research continues. They're happy to take people. So, and they are prepared for more. They're also happy to be a base of operations as we put things together. Whatever preparations one can make for something like this, to be prepared to hide. (sighs) For now. Worst-case scenario, they can go underground, yes. They have to grow food, they haven't really recovered that yet. There's also a-- I have one of those terrible ideas I get on occasion. That thing beneath Whitestone could be a weapon. I might be able to turn it into a projectile. A long-term idea. I can make an antimagic missile. An antimagic missile. I've been-- I've been mulling it over. Yes, I have-- that's actually part of the idea. I have thoughts, I'm going to follow them through, and it may require some experimentation in the future, but I think perhaps-- I take my life into my hands any time I build something. I think that a non-magical approach to containing it might actually work. I think the problem is-- I think the problem is that we keep trying to magic our way out of something that denies magic, and maybe I can engineer our way out of it. A little bit of information, there will be more later. I'm going to take a look at all the data and see if it's possible. I'm trying to be more open. To the Clasp? They're not turtles, no. I think Pike should stay behind to take care for-- This is politics, you're not supposed to like them. No, I'm going to leave one with Vax. I'm giving Vax my gatestone. I'm giving you the other one. He's the one who's going to get stuck in a room alone if they decide they don't like him. Jenga stone. Remember, it takes about a minute to work. 33. This is going to be fun. 26. Wow. Quick question, is he in flight, or is he just sitting on the rooftop? There's no easy way up onto the roof, is there? That would be my whole movement, too, wouldn't it, though? Nah, let's see. I'm going to try to get a vantage point where I can at least get where he's only three-quarters cover. So I suppose I'm going to head south down the alley to see if I can get a-- Yeah. I can get a good look at him there. Half-cover's fine. So, if I were to knock him prone, would he fall off the roof, or could I try and push him off the roof? These are my-- The wyvern. I'll try knocking him prone, and see if that does it. Actually-- Yeah, it's either that or try and push him off the roof, which could be pretty funny. I'll try and knock him prone. All right. So I'm going to use Bad News, because that's funnier. Take a shot. That's a 28 to hit. And that's a wing shot, so you have to make a constitution saving throw. Against 18. Wing or leg shot. I'm sorry, that's a-- Actually, I'm sorry, I have the new sheet. Strength saving throw. Sorry, strength saving throw against 18. Motherfucker, but he'll still take some damage. I'm going to take another shot at him, too, because eff that. I was not quite prepared for this. 2d12 plus six, four, eight, 14 points of damage. And I'm going to take a-- reload, take another shot and try and knock him off the roof. Same shot. Ugh. That's a three, so that means I-- I can use my-- I actually can't do-- Am I going to panic and try and fix this? I can-- I'm going to, I'm going to throw an action surge and see if I can fix this. Yes! Yeah, 14. Sure. I shouldn't have gotten him that box, should I? Could. That does not hit. I'm going to use my Amulet of the Shield and up my AC for that attack to 23, so. Nope. Nope. I'm sword out. Yeah. This is the first conversation I've ever been in in this group where I feel young. Vax hasn't gone-- Okay. Where am I, I can't see-- Okay, I have no advantage on any of these bastards at the moment if I were to attack. Okay, that's fine. And how would you describe-- these are like scaly people? I think you've got that one guy covered at the moment, so I'll concentrate on the--hmm. Tough call, tough call. You know what, I'll have a little fun. I'm going to pull my sword and I'm going to take a slash at the guy who's involved with-- That's 21. Oh shit, I forgot to use my bonus action. Can I pop in a quick bonus before that? Hex him. Oh, it's-- That's right. Still the same hour. It can only do it once a day, right? That's all right. That's fine, I can just do a little thing. So, just add to this, would he be described in anywhere on his little D&D card as something with a dragon keyword? So I'm just going to do normal damage to him? Okay. So-- All right, just checking. I'm going to do nine points of damage, slashing damage, to him. And I'm going to turn to the wyvern, and take two slashes at the wyvern. First is-- ew. 14? Wow. That's 19 plus-- 26 points of damage. And second shot-- 13, 24, yeah, that hits. Ten, 17, 18, 19, 26 points of damage. That's my turn. All right. I'm going to start walking towards that wyvern at the bottom there-- Yeah, that way, I'm not going to get quite close enough to get into the reach of that jerk over there-- Yeah. While I'm walking by him, though, I'm going to nail-- I don't even know if I'm really going to-- going to shoot him three times while I'm walking by, because that's funny. With Sharpshooter. It would be seven, 19. That's-- 1d10, what did I do with my 1d10s, because I wasn't thinking-- here we go. That's 26 points of damage. Since I've got two more shots, I'm going to start shooting at that one dragon-- that wyvern, as I'm-- Sharpshooter again. That's a nine, yay! So that's 16? And I'll roll the second one, just to have it. That's nine. Nah, nine'll miss. Thankfully will not-- that's great. 26 points of damage. And I'll get as close as I can get to him in this round, also, I'm going to spend my movement walking straight towards him. 26. 16 misses. Stinger hits. Constitution saving throw. 20. So I took ten points of--? It's not going to live through me anyway. I got this. We should-- we should take what we can and we should also hide the bodies. Let's bring everything inside. Drag everything indoors. Yeah. Not crisped, just scorched. Any-- inside. Just inside. Anything else to loot from these schmuckuses? We'll take a breath in the-- Yeah. In the basement. I say we follow the water. I'll do whatever they say. Aye. The city's going to need a black market. Well, here's where we could help each other. We need this city to stay alive. We need the citizenry to be fed, and we need people to know where they're going to get their medicine and when they're going to get their food. We understand it's going to be tricky. We need information, we need spies, we need to know what's happening in the city, and you need people like us to stay out of your way. There are ways that we can benefit each other. We have safe haven-- and please, by the way, stop me if you feel I'm being too broad. We have our keep that is untouched by the dragon's attack-- we have a safe haven. There are-- options. But it is very likely that we will be the thing that is dropped upon it from a great height, and the most cooperation we can get, getting into a position of power over this beast, the happier we'll all be. Oh no, I'm not-- I feel the urge to further discuss this. Also, to be fair, we're not representatives of the Clasp; we couldn't, technically speaking, open-- All we can do is-- I think, the most fair thing to do-- to offer in exchange for this is perhaps some trade with the materials that are available in Whitestone and maybe a promise of keeping a blind eye towards their business until the finished reconstruction of the city. Let them reestablish themselves until the city is properly completed. You need an underbelly. Underbellies are function. Underbellies function for this very need the fact that we can actually get food and medical supplies into the city right now if we need to. Less than 72 hours after such a devastating attack, there's no other system-- They're inevitable. At the cost of people starving or not starving. Of course he can, which is why I'm not saying anything that I wouldn't want him to hear anyway. I just don't want to promise anything we can't deliver. I don't think we could deliver Vasselheim; we're going to be busy! We have too much on our plate as it is. I'm going to offer what we can give, and see if that's enough. Let me go back to him. (deep sigh) Shenn. I propose a counter-offer. I just don't feel comfortable offering Vasselheim; I don't think that we could necessarily deliver, and we, honestly, have a lot to do. Well, I will not promise that now. What I can promise right now is some access to materials from Whitestone, which-- and I show him my gun hilt, which is embedded with the gems. I can see what's still lying around, and we can make a deal. I can also promise that for the reconstruction, once this has been dealt with, which is in everybody's best interest, until such time as there's a functioning government in this city, you will be treated with the respect appropriate of a group of people who are helping keeping the city functional. Of course they have. I'll put something forward to the group. If they prove themselves honorable, if they prove themselves faithful and capable of keeping this city afloat, then we will speak to whomever they wish us to speak to precisely of what they did. No more, no less. And for that, we are grateful. That was business. I'm willing to kick this ball down the field. This feels a fair deal to me, and it means that we can leave knowing that the city will, in fact, still have a populace while we're gone. It is the job of ruling. You don't have to. Vax? This is not the worst deal I've ever heard. I have met the devil. That's not him. Thank you. Vax, I will make the deal if you're not up to it, but I want your blessing. Absolutely not. I take a bow, and I turn my back to them and walk out. I would like to point out, since you had such noble intentions towards my position on things, this is your ego at work here. I may be many things, and I may be a deal-maker, but I never forget that when I rule, I rule these people, as well. I'm not better than them. And you may think you're better than them, but this is what it creates. It creates enemies. They certainly think you do, and they are not pleased. That could have gone so much better. I think we could have gotten out of there with at least the hintings of an alliance, as opposed to just-- Bitter enemies. This was a disaster. That's not a thing. Where did-- you didn't read that-- (splutters) No, we can't. It would do no good. Who would be bringing food into the city in the first place? They're doing it without us, though. They're not going to, no. Of course not. I wanted people on the inside keeping us informed, and we just lost a very powerful spy network. Everybody needs something. We are not going to bother. We're going to go and we're going to find a way of killing these things, and we're going to hope for the best in this city. That's what we're going to do. Oh my god, really? We have a plus ten? 33. The minute we see that, I'm going to push her against the wall, and I'm going to Minor Illusion a shadow right over her. One day you're going to stop being afraid of me, by the way, and I hope that day comes soon. The place? There's no "swinging by," that's a caper. That's an entire thing, that if we're going to do-- This is one of those things that we're going to have to get everybody on board before we even start talking about it, so probably a good night's sleep. And then we'll talk about an airship. I'm really on board with the airship. Just needs headphones. That wasn't the kind of ship I was hoping to get. (laughter) I suppose our plan is the Slayer's Take next? Well, here's the question is do we want to head towards Vasselheim from Whitestone? So we'll all go. We'll take the last of the-- I can't believe I'm going to say this-- the last of the 'fugees. Accidentally smushed. Make it breakfast. And we'll be able to build it back up. I'm sure that some lucky dragon's going to come and shit in your bed. It'll be fine. It takes a good month to bathe a room in that much self-loathing. Let's gather what we need, make sure that Gilmore is ready to move, as well. We'll bring everybody through to Whitestone. And that they can come work in Whitestone. I can pack up my kit, and I've also technically got a reasonable workshop back in Whitestone. I've packed everything that could possibly be used to make anything dangerous. We'll be back. It will be built back better than before. That's what we do. Just to set up to make sure that the queen and her children are taken in at the castle. I will. I'll fill my sister in on how they're to be taken care of. Make sure that Gilmore is taken care of. There's a shop. We can ask about that. Vax? Obviously, we'll sieve the coffer a little bit because we're going to need it for the mission. Also, let's re-employ our castle guards as the Emon royal guards in the meantime, and they can serve the queen and her children. And a small amount of the green gem, if that would be possible, that's left over from the mining operation. Of the glass. If possible. Thank you. I'm working on something. Perfect. Gilmore will be of great help. (laughs) I'm sorry to drop this all on you, and I'm thankful. It will not be the end of it, sadly. I'll be off in the morning. We can teleport. I'm going to work on that little project. The thing I was trying to attach to my gun but wasn't working, I'm going to try to attach it to my boot instead. I can draw you a sketch. That's better. 22. And I've got one working piece? I know each individual build, I have to build the-- The actual device itself has to be built for individual usage; it's not auto. I'm going to try and build one and see how it goes. I'm working on something. Thank you. Since the day I've met her, I've given her every bloody dime I've made. So, yes. I no longer even think about it anymore. She's practically the royal treasurer. She's just happier that way. We'll teleport to the outside of the city and perhaps sleep at the temple of Sarenrae. We do always have rooms at Slayer's Take. I would appreciate your help in restarting the economy of Whitestone, to be fair. You as well. We were just leaving. That's just cruel. We should get our rooms. We have things to put down. What's left of it. That will be a trip that will be necessary soon, but not yet. I'm settling in. Whoa! That's the last we heard. Very sketchy source. He's looking well. In the morning. That sounds just fine. Brooding. Handsome. He was so troubled. We didn't think to leave her a stone, did we? I would have definitely suggested leaving her with one of the stones. Trinket's going to guard the castle. Individual? I don't know. I may want to have a conversation at the temple of the Raven Queen. Yeah, that, too. We can do both. I'm going to go to the temple of the Raven Queen. I also want to talk to our mapmaker friend. Yeah. I was going to say, do you know who says, "if you love it, you have to let it go?" The one who got dumped, that's who! Sorry. Yeah, you are. I'm a terrible person.