Well. Are we going to feel that influence in tonight's game? www.TonsOfShit.com Don't look that up. It's just going to make you unhappy. We'll be putting out a catalog. Critical Role's most favorite things. I've got another character ready to roll when this all goes down. Much like my parents, I have no plan B. Yule poop! There's yule poop here. And then there's arrows. I'm now wondering how much of our audience is currently-- no, never mind. He's so hairy, we hardly notice. I've got plastic on my character. Oh, and just to do it again since we haven't done it enough, please do check out the Spotify links and the comics. Go to the actual Geek and Sundry website because the more traffic the Geek and Sundry website gets for you guys going there to look at our stuff, the more excited they are to do cool stuff for us, so if you want more of this, definitely go there. We have so much stuff we want to do for you guys. We have grand plans. Thank you, ma'am. You'll be DMing a game for your family, I would assume. (laughter) Oh yeah, you've got your little mini. Hey, now. Not cool. Not cool. We do not use the W word around here. Yeah, he knows. Sorry. Goddamn it. They don't know where you're pointing. Are we calling everyone over for this conversation? Do we want to waste power on somebody who's... I'm wearing a hat of disguise so that I'm not immediately identifiable. Link from the Legend of Zelda. I don't know. I'm going to figure it out right now. Just as a reasonable Whitestone peasant. Trying to blend in. We could also just ask her to drop it. Well, we could ask her to drop the Seeming. She did. I stay in the shadows. Yes. Anna? Let's be frank with each other. You have two options either you are going to die in this cell-- and I promise you, you will die in this cell-- or you are going to convince us why you shouldn't. So I would start talking right now or I swear we will not leave this dungeon before you're dead. 16. Tell us about the experiments beneath the castle. That's a number. Question two What are you doing down here, really? Can you lead us to Cassandra de Rolo? That may be what your life is worth. I pull forward, I look her very deeply in the eye, and I say, you should know who your friends are here. Do you know that we're friends? And I'm going to become friends. I'm casting Friends. I'm getting creepy. Just for flavor. There is definitely some creepy happening. You've been truthful with us so far, correct? You haven't been fudging around or playing games with us, really, have you? So you'd be happy to help us find Cassandra de Rolo, wouldn't you? Anna. You will take us to Cassandra de Rolo. You will tell us what you know about what's in the basement. You will tell us where to find Lord and Lady Briarwood, and you will tell us where to find professor Anders. And for this, we may let you go. I'll let you leave the castle. You are, at the moment, the luckiest person in Whitestone. Do you know why? Because you're at the bottom of my list. (laughter) I will be happy to give you an up close and very personal demonstration. Unless, of course, you would rather have conversations about other topics. It means there's only one to shoot off to make sure she won't be a problem. Don't use Luck yet Here's the deal, Anna. You do what we ask, you do not betray us, you do not make our life difficult in any way, and you have my word that you will leave Whitestone unmolested by us. If I sense the slightest hint, if I have a moment where I think that you might make a run for it, if I have a moment where I think you may cough inappropriately, I would ask you to think about everything you did to me, and I would like you to know that I have learned so much more than what you taught me that day, and I cannot wait to show you. And I will. But not until I find you again. No. It'll arouse suspicion. I'll follow her. Perception is passive as hell right now. I am keeping very sharp eye on-- We'll get there. And I want to see what she's built, anyway. As we're walking, I just want to very gently take my gun-- And just put it gently at her back, going, nothing personal. I'm just feeling a bit nervous. We're going to try to get my sister first. Yes. Unless there's something new, then yes. I was born here. Damn. I'm going to take a moment and I have an epiphany, and I'm going to shift my form into a castle guard. We'll get it on the break. Anna. I lower the gun and let her move forward. Was that a thought for the day, then? Don't sprain yourself. We need you later. Yes. I don't need it. Has it worn off? I had enhance charisma on for a while, but now it's gone, so if you do it, what I had is gone-- All right, putting that down. Wait until we're in the thick of it. Let's head to her room. I want to see what you've been working on. I watch very carefully. You know, I almost killed you in Stillben. Do you remember? I was kind of curious if you had figured it out or not. Show me your work. I'm disappointed. I was expecting something more imaginative. (scoffs) Hack. We'll give those to you when it's time to leave. Let her have the armor. As a sign of good faith. And give me your ammunition. And when it's time, I will hand some to you. The weapon's useless. Convince us to let you keep it. And god forbid you'll see how gracious we're feeling when we find Cassandra De Rolo unhurt. Was there any more black powder? I've taken all of her ammunition and black powder, I suppose. Anything else that looks useful to me? That's intelligence. Oh. Well, hell. Eight. I hate what you've done with the place. We'll have a conversation about what she was trying to do off-camera so I can have a better understanding of it. I figure I may poke you later to get a better understanding, just so we don't have to bore other people with her technical accoutrements, but I would like, at some point, an out-of-character understanding of what I'm looking at. Of what I could discern about what I'm looking at. All right. No, I just figured it'd be, I don't want to-- (laughter) Exactly. Committed as much to memory as possible. Let's go. Touche. Which room? A quick question before I open this door. Am I going to have a violent reaction towards you when I open it? Good. (sighs) I motion to everyone, stay back, open the door, and I push Dr. Ripley into the room, with me behind her. Torch. I walk over to the closet. I open it. Looking for signs of life with the paper on the desk. Yes. Let's have a real roll. That will do. That's a natural 20. It was doing this on Group Hug, man. She's not here. Where would she be? Anna. I'm going to take a leap of faith and believe, contrary to all evidence, that you are a smart woman. I pull out the gun, and I put it to her head. Now. If you were the Briarwoods, where would you put my sister? I don't know. And if you don't know, make me believe it. Distillery? I pull the gun away. So you're telling me that somewhere in this castle there is a storage facility full of caustic acid that dissolves the very stones of this castle? Well, this is interesting. Oh dear. Are they still melting down the whitestone for magical energy? We'd better move. Downstairs. (growls) Is it possible that my sister would be with him? We'll check his study, and then we'll go. Just his study, then we'll go. Even if he's there, if she's not there, we'll leave. Very well. Well, that happened. Dick! I love you. Why would she be saying it's a trap if it's not her? Goddamn it. Is that including sprint? That's full dash? What the hell!? I Percy'd again. No, I was on Group Hug last week with somebody else's dice, and it was comedy. Thank you. I'm the anti-Wheaton. 28. Can I drag Ripley with me? Fuck. So as my bonus action before anything happens I'm going to tell her, she lives, you show us where the entrance to the caverns are, you walk with your things. And run. Full movement. Oh yeah, we've got this new thing now. That's so much better. (heavy footsteps) You can see me, though whether or not you want to inspire me at this point is definitely debatable. Damn it! Remember what he did to your beard. Hulk versus Wolverine, man. I'm excited by that. (sucking sounds) (raspy) I have your power. Damn it! Goddamn it. I'm sorry. Yeah. Family resemblance. With no weapons and no armor. Leather armor, yeah. I'm going to run in. I can move six, right? One, two. Can I get a good view of Professor Anders and maybe get a little cover from the dining room table? All right, I'll take my cover. I'm going to pull out-- Bonus, I pull off my hat of disguise, drop it on the floor. And I'm going to just unload at that motherfucker. Shot one. Oh, for the love of god! I'm going to attempt to repair it really quickly. Trying to remember how to do that because I hate it. (mumbling) Action, shit. (sighs) So I'm just going to sit and scream a little bit. (shouting) That's my turn. No. 18? That's my armor class. So 19 points of slashing damage, total? Yeah, I think you saw that. Cautionary tale in there somewhere. I'm going to break-- first off, I'm going to fix my gun. I'm going to make my roll. Come on. What do I have to roll? (muttering) I hit the difficulty. Does that-- If that had been a slightly bigger fuck-up, that would have been-- oh god! Okay. I'm going to use an action surge anyway, so it doesn't matter. I'm going to break off from this guy, and I'm going to rush towards Professor. Go ahead. Don't care. Yeah. I push him in the face. I don't care. I'm going to unload in him. That's 21 to hit. That's 25 to hit. That's a natural 20. Okay, let's see, that's 11. 14. Yep, this is the critical which is seven, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 20 with fire damage. How close to him do I get? And this was without smoke damage, I might add. Yeah, I'm unloading as I walk towards him. Traitor! And I've got two more shots. Next shot. How close am I to him at this point? Perfect. I put my gun in his mouth to shut him the fuck up. "You're the face I saw when murder "entered my heart. This is your doing." And I pull the trigger. (heavy breathing) That's my turn. Fine. I don't have a turn yet. Does Trinket get an attack of opportunity for that? I'm going to pull off the mask and walk forward a bit, about there, and take three shots at the armor. Sharpshooter shots. With one ice, so 14. Make sure I'm doing this right. Yeah. Goddamn it. 17. Dropping sharpshooter for the third one. Not that it helped. 16. That's my turn.