16. Tylieri family jewels. (laughter) We're going to finish searching downstairs and then find the entrance to the-- Quick, I just want to do a quick round of the downstairs room before going to the hatch. Okay. I'm going to check his desk upstairs for anything interesting. Natural 20. They're making something big. Burn it to the ground. Head back to the curiosity shop. Back to the alcove, then? Oh dear god. I rolled my disadvantage. 30. That's where we had our little crash-base set up, right? 24. That would've been intense and awesome. We may have just started a revolution. How about we stay here until 400, 500 in the morning-- We're going to be indoors. It doesn't matter what time we go to attack the castle. Let's let her stay. I say we just rest up and we attack tonight. It's going to be indoors, anyway. It's about three. We could just do a round of the front courtyard and see what's going on. Try and sleep through the night. We're short-resting right now. We also, somebody-- there's the point that somebody is informing on us. They were ready for us. They knew we were coming. How long does it take to recharge Hex, by the way? We tell them that they take cover during the night. Also, another strange question what creates initiative? Initiative is your dexterity modifier? So with me, it's my dexterity modifier. Plus two. I'm also currently wearing a Headband of Initiative, which I'd forgotten about. Gives me plus two to my initiative. Oh, dear god almighty. Okay. Thank you. I don't mean to be doing this. Actually, I'm going to be using the Hat of Disguise just because it's probably safe. Does anybody want a Headband of Initiative? I can't wear two things on my head. So you've got plus two to your initiative, and I'm losing plus two to my initiative. It's called a Headband of Initiative. That should give us enough time to do a quick tour. We already know their walking route, and I'm sure that the people are putting up a fight. Yeah, let's check it out. No, let's keep together. Just the castle. Yes. One would assume. Let's head to the Sun Tree, why don't we? Just to see-- One. There's a tree! Damn it. I say we let her hit them, and we run. Stop looking up her fig leaf. Inspiration? I say we go to the treeline, and I say that you take a couple shots as we're heading-- So the passage to the castle I'm aware of is to the west, and then the one that Stonefell mentioned is to the east? Was the same? Yeah, thank you. Treeline to the west so that we can attack first thing. For gods' sakes! I pull out Bad News. I'm shooting it with Bad News, and I'm going for an aimed shot to the legs. I got 28. 17 misses. The 20 hits. 22 points of damage, plus he's knocked prone. Oh, he can make a con saving throw, though.