It's perfect. They'll enter 'Tary' and be disappointed. (laughs) The Gilmore shirt is back-- You should work in radio. For anybody who reads comic books normally, you know that Wednesdays is when comic books get released at comic book stores all across the country. And if you're a big comic book nerd-- and you had a really fun comic book store-- you would go on a Wednesday night and hang out with all the other comic book nerds and have six-week-long conversations on who would win in a fight, Superman or Thor. Actually, funny enough. You don't go to a Wednesday Club, so you-- Well, now you have a show to watch. So now that I don't really have time to do that any more, we thought it would be fun to just do it here with all of our comic book nerds, so Amy Dallen and Matt Key and I are going to be talking comics every Wednesday from noon to two on the Twitch stream and we're going to-- Yay! New show! The Wednesday Club, and we're going to try and make it fun to watch, and easy if you've not picked up a book in ages and you've maybe thought about getting into comics, or you had some kids and now the comic books have just turned into giant shreds of paper. We're not talking news. We're just talking fun, cool comic book facts, and our first episode is going to be "Origin Stories" were we talk about why we got into comic books, and then starting the week after we're going to be talking about cool characters, team-ups, classic runs of books, anything and everything. It's going to be great. No crossovers. Never mention crossovers. Special guests! We will have special guests and not-so-special guests-- you can come, too. So yes! Wednesday Club, we'll be talking about comic books! It's going to be great! Check us out on Wednesday. It's good chili, to be fair. I went to Underworld and met some Critters, it was good. Pushing you slowly off the edge. I'm okay with that. I'm getting drinks for everybody. I assume we've got the table at this point. We're trying to stick to our word at the very least. Vax? Who has-- Grog! No! It was not, it was a "Vax." I will definitely, I will stand behind that.  It was Vax, it was not a Vex. I don't think that-- no. He just sort of found us outside. And he had, honestly-- We're not entirely sure what happened here. Grog? We have the human hand as well. We have the mechanical hand and the human hand.  We took both. We figured we'd have options, if I recall. We took both! We took the robot hand and the-- To be fair, I was dead at the time so I don't-- Huge collection. It's pretty gruesome. You have to ask, then-- I put the Retort Pistol on the table. She used one of these devices. The pistol was just for show. It wasn't a gift. I won't pretend that we didn't have our own reasons for it. But we are grateful that you recognize that we respect your authority. We haven't checked his, to be fair. We'll probably only be another day or two in town before we head home. Thank you. Thank you for your time. We got someone to remove a debt upon our heads. It was metaphorical. Magic. Sure. Yes. Yes, please. Heineken's coming, basically. Not for a long time, one would hope. So. Tary? I have to admit, I'm curious, where did you get your friend there? Did you? Really? What's his power? How's he powered? What runs him? I'm just sort of curious. That's a very interesting thought you have there. But, still, I would be just delighted to hear your attempt to simplify it for me. Yes.  I think I've read about such things before, yes. You didn't build it, did you? Did you? Did you build it? So, one would assume there's an access panel somewhere on him where one can make adjustments, or otherwise fix him if he breaks down? Thank you. Where would the access panel be? Well, just in case you're knocked unconscious by, let's say, someone sneaking up behind you and hitting you with a weapon? Doty? Did he build you? Can you? That would be... excellent. I look forward to giving the lesson, yes. Gloves of Missile Snaring are currently equipped, motherfucker! Doty's got email. Wildmount, fine. He doesn't look like a Briarwood. Yes, yes it is. Yes, it was code for masturbating. (all laugh) (yells) We've lost Liam. It is quite lovely. Yeah. Oh yes. How many dragons now? Several of them. Don't hold back. Oh, please. Another round, I've got it, I've got it. That's a huge die you just rolled. We talked about it briefly. That's pretty good. I feel like that's been done. Seen it. That was a nice little Jerry Maguire there, especially considering the date. Very appropriate. I am watching this-- Yellow and black! Yes. No. Yes, that was quite a while ago. It's not the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard. I know, it's quite good. Let's finish up our business here. Well, I think we should-- We were also going to go to the Cerulean Tower and have a quick conversation. We need to do that. But we did just finish a mission. Yes, we have to talk to-- Like we did back at Greyskull. Our business concluded, we actually have some business at the Cerulean Tower, so we should all, perhaps, head there at this point. Too late, but yes? Oh, we're heading-- there will be adventure. Inevitably. Critical Craft Fair. Laundry. Magazines. So, yes. We would love to head in that direction. That sounds weird. I would also like to, quietly on the headphone, I would really like to know where this machine comes from, because I'm finding it just a bit creepy, and I would love to get that information out of him before he disappears. Yes? I dabbled... No, I talked about it. It always just seemed so impractical. And now I'm looking at one, and I'm irritated. Vexed. He didn't build this thing, and I'm worried about who did. He didn't build this thing. What? No. Yes. What? I think we've already done that. I think that was an oyster we've already supped upon. Ah yes, that got weird. I'm gonna flip on the cloak by the way, now that we are well out of that area. I think it actually is. I also want to take a good long look at robot and see if I can-- this automaton. Come on. (sighs) Okay, 13. How old it is, how it was built, where it was built. Just to get a sense of it, like looking over a classic car. Oh thank God! Okay, I feel better. Fassbender? All right. I feel better already, thank you. Ego restored.I think he still has the symbol, doesn't he? We do bring news though, so... We wanted to make sure that they were aware that all of the dragons had been dealt with, and that the Conclave had been completely vanquished. Excellent. And we thank you for your time. She writes everything down. It's on the move. The flu, perhaps. So I think that concludes this little jaunt, it might be back home now. Oh yes. It's only been two hours. No, we're going to hell. We're taking this one to hell then? Yes, Whitestone. I shove him through. How about now? Hey! Okay... We do quite well... in the on season. I was going to say. Yes, no, you should trust him with your life. He's very trustworthy. Wait, is it Travis or is it me? Oh shit. 12. It's not a lie. To be perfectly honest, I'm not entirely sure what's happening either. That just went right up my nose. It burns. That is not pleasant. Boulder, Paper, Shears-- Boulder, Parchment, Shears. No, no. "Vax, where'd you get that amazing armor?" What?! I'm already excited by this. What?! So fucked up! (laughs) When you put it like that. In. No, I want to be in initiative just to make sure that I can actually make sure that-- Oh, I'm in! 25. Come on man, pick it up, pick it up! I just draw my sword and stand on the sidelines, preparing for whatever is about to happen. Give him a boost. Give him a boost. Nah. Yeah! Yep. I get advantage on that. It's a-- What saving throw? I'm so sorry. 20. I'm going to use my reaction to swallow part of the spell, so I'm going to take half damage of his half damage. Mm-hm. But I'm fully charged. I can use this as long as I have a reaction. I'm so excited. Halved. To ten. Yeah. Yeah! Mm. That was very impressive, yes. I don't know. I think I'm just gonna enjoy watching this for a minute. I'm gonna hold my attack. Until he pulls out another object. Of any kind. Yep. I think we should see him dodge. You should have Vax work that out, later. No, you should get someone to work on that. You're still ... You're still alive. Several of us have already died. The armor, yes. The armor. It's very nice armor. We do. We thought we would just give him a little taste of where he's going to make sure that he was up to it. We couldn't have this happen in the Nine Hells. There's no crying in the Nine Hells. All right, all right. Oh son, oh son. Daddy issues, that's all we had to hear. We would've just taken you right on. They're so awful. It's like looking into a dark mirror. I don't know how I feel about this very dark mirror right now. No. No, no. Your cowering honesty has won us over. Let's get you a beer. Would you like a beer? Would you like a glass of wine? We have wine. We have a lot of wine. Some of it is quite good. Really. No, we know it was gross. Yes. Sometimes we must sacrifice for the adventure. We have wine. Well, that's fair. You are the worst person, I love you. Well. Friends. Friends. We're getting into shame and we're sober, I think something must be done about this. Why don't we do it with wine? We have a magnificent library. Oh, yes. It's time we had another nerd. Let's have a good drink, and in the morning we'll set off on the next leg of idiocy. I still feel a little ill. To be fair, we've killed dragons, so the fact that you actually managed to hold it together is actually quite impressive! Yes! No no no no no. I love it. We've decided to go a little softer with him. She'll be back. That's fair, that's fair. Aw. (sighs) How's your sister, at least? Is your sister reasonable? Oh, no. Mary-Anne. Marian Darrington. Marion Darrington. He is the worst person. Younger. She's a maid Marion? No. Maid Marion Darrington. Then she'll be a made maid Marion. (all laugh) I may be drunk. (all laugh) This is such a dark mirror. This is a very dark mirror. That was a long walk to-- Howard. Show him your tattoo, I'm just sort of curious. I just had a thought. --the Clasp. You did? You're gonna make me draw it? That's fine. I'm doing the Clasp logo, if I-- Does this look at all familiar? I have the Clasp logo. Hashtag Clasp. Most of us, yes. We even have a library. We have quite a nice library. Horrifyingly, yes. Yeah, I was a bit of a reader growing up. Yes. Fiction and non-fiction. A bit of everything. I was a-- I will happily show you my library. Stop. Stop smiling at that. He seems to be well-built for it. I do... Yeah. Yes. Yes, I've built a few things. Yeah. I didn't make that, but I did make this one. And I pull down the folded ridiculous-- Bad News. It takes these-- and I pull out a musket ball-- and it fires them at great speed. In whatever direction I like. Very dangerous-- Thank you. It's very dangerous. Thank you. I think so. I did. This took about six months? Seven months? I mean, I'd been thinking about it for quite a while. I'm working on a few others, too-- This is kind of the definitive-- Yes, this is when we were all-- -- on the last time we took a break. Ah, neither. It's in this-- No, it's not magical at all. Everything in this is purely physical. No magic involved whatsoever. Yes. Showing the mechanism off. Technically, she is tax-exempt. She is tax-exempt. She's a baroness. Thank you. We can put it in the treasury, technically. Well... I don't feel like I can answer that question appropriately at the moment. I pour more wine for him. More wine. More wine. No, you're fitting in very well. What a picture you just painted. That was lovely. No, I heard the llama. A few people do talk about that. Is the money that you're paying us with your father's money as well? Please be honest. That's fabulous. That makes everything even better. We'll get you a room right next to the library so you can have easy access. We can set that up right away. I'll give you access to the workshop if you feel like building yourself a lock. Feel free. Oh, my. Oh, my. Yes, it's my pleasure. It's so nice. Of course, you'll have a tour. In the morning, we'll do a brief tour. I would be so delighted. It's very good work, I'm very impressed. I'm not leaving. I'm gonna send him to the library at the very least. I kind of like him. It's a terrible sign, isn't it? Just really, really disturbing. No, that's weird. It does. It makes me want to take risks. It's nice. No, I feel like we've been playing it very safe, it's just been that the world has been taking risks. That's so nice. I wanna say let's give him some privacy, but at the same time I do kind of want to see him. Paper, shears or parchment, shears? SAM and I think I'm done for the evening. He might know if you're scrying on him. Let's give him a little bit of time. Thank you, Grog. That's a very fair point. Little elf girl? Is it a danger zone? Because, you know, it occurs to me, I've never given you a full tour of the treasury room, have I? I'm grabbing the wine and I'm leaving right now. Who has never wanted to have the full Scrooge McDuck? For fuck's sake. (all laugh) I owe you for that shit. Thank you. We do deposit the check at the treasury, by the way, while we're there. All healed up. Airship or sea ship? This is your call. We should bring a Pike to hell. We have twenty six hundred men in the back. No. There is actually, technically there's the sea to the north, but that would be useless. Mm-hm. There's a reason we're not a poor city. Oh, I was about to say, who has the map? You have the map. Okay. Do you have a map? This is a conversation that is happening right now. I'm so amused. We're trying to remember the fake geography-- Of our fantasy world. All right. Yeah, yeah. We're up here. Whitestone's here. And we need to be the south-west, so-- Emon's here. Emon is the biggest port city on the Ozmit Sea, isn't it? Yeah, that's-- We might as well leave out of Emon. Where's the airship by the way, as well? When was the last time we saw them? Well-put. It's easier to teleport if you're already been there. I'm gonna join in on this history check as well. Wow. (singing) No one knows what it's like, to be a bad man. Okay. Hey now. That got real weird. (all laugh) Yeah, I've only got what I read at home. Well, who else can we talk to? She really wants to go to the docks in Emon. Magic. Let's go to the Earth Ashari. Let's collect our things. What's the temperature like there? The witch. Let's also say, as we're getting ready, I'm gonna take Tary down and let him pick through the tinkering room, see if he needs any tools and upgrade anything that he might need, give him a quick tour. Showing him the equipment. Don't touch that. I am so consistently proud of you. Other things, what else is in the room? He has three original print issues of Cherry Comics number one through four. Rustic! MATT and Thank you. No, I'm feeling it. And, my workshop, obviously, is your workshop for as long as you stay here. Anything you need to work on, of course, it's fully available. This is so amazing. Percival Fredrickstein Von Musel Klossowski de Rolo the third. At your service. Percy to my friends. Tary, it's a pleasure. This is the castle I live in, this is my sister's castle, except of course, she's lovely. Cassandra de Rolo. You are in Whitestone, as our guest. A pleasure. I recommend eventually, not necessarily today 'cause I am actually enjoying it, learning everyone else's name as well. No it's-- I'm okay with it, I'm rolling with it. It's not a catchphrase. Another daring rescue. Got your stuff together? Everything you need? You've written your camp number. In pen, on your arm. You've got your safety tags. You've got your rights written on the back, so that, y'know. If anyone tries to-- We decorated them at the last winter festival. And it looked quite nice. Uh. Thank you for turning us into an episode of California, yes. To get to Critical Role, take the 101 with the 5 to get up to Burbank to get to Critical Role. From beautiful downtown Burbank. Yeah. They're sending us to the things we're going to kill. It's from the walking company. Of course. Kaitiaki. (all laugh) Just thinking, it's like diatomaceous earth. Just hateful. Yes, let's. We Treestride, we get a ship, and then-- -- we spend a night on the ship. Isn't that gonna be fun? I haven't been on a ship si-- Oh my, yeah. Well, we-- technically, we-- We left it in Emon. I'm kind of feeling the boat. I haven't been on a boat in a long time, and I'm feeling a little weird about an airship. I know. We did-- we could-- I mean, I wouldn't object to it, I just-- I'm not getting the proper shoes. I knew you would. They are. No, no, they're boating shoes. They're actually boating shoes. I am embarrassed that I know exactly what you're talking about. I'm so excited. That is-- that is my favorite phrase in the English language, is "I have a kit for that." You have just come upon it. Pine. He's just gotten a little scar. Yes. Is this the Harrison Ford, or is it the scar right below the cheek so that when he cries it hits the scar and goes down. It's like a little pachinko machine of pain. Ooh. She wouldn't maybe not know, necessarily. They're not dead, they just left her. One-handed. Ter the dercks. Looks good. Abban. We're looking to-- I'm cutting in for a second-- -- charter, dear, charter. You're looking to charter. I-- well, this was just-- No, please. She's much better at this than you. Okay. I just-- I don't feel the dice were necessary at that point. No, I think we just-- That's a long-ship-- We need a big-- we need a bigger ship. Yes, yes you are. Do you want a galleon, Grog? There is this thing for seasickness, with seaweed-- That's not-- that's... We could, or we could just-- What are we going to do when we're done with it? I know, really. It's not even frugal, this is just what you do once you have money-- -- you only buy things you need, and just lease everything else. It's very, very common. It's all good. This is very true. Leasing. She meant it as a compliment. By about ten feet. We would be excited to make it worth your while. What is your while worth, I imagine? There's six of us and a bear. The bear sleeps in jewelry. Oh, and a robot. An automaton. Can I say automaton? Okay. 150 gold a day? I'm so pleased. We're quite fierce. Actually, that's a good question. How many of us have actually been on a ship before? Am I really-- come on. Even better than I could have possibly imagined. The Drensala Vis. Mother Lucker. Aye, Captain. I think as long as the ship is prepared and has-- --everything stocked, everything it needs, I think we're just reasonable. And I have the remnants of several bottles of liquor. I'm quite pleased. Why? You're gonna get to sleep on a hammock, Grog. There'll be a hammock. No. I'm not even dignifying that with a groan-- That would not even-- I expect better of you. He could just write that we set out at dawn. Little elf girl. L.E.B. Little elf boy. No, no. It's quite common. No, it's quite common. I think it's perfectly fine. And so-- As our ship sinks slowly in the west, we bid farewell! I love ships. Ships are great. I think I'm the only character who's spent some time on a boat, at this point. Who's been on a ship. And Pike--