Actually, this one, it's going to be Matt Key is taking the reins on this one, so I don't even-- I'm not sure he's settled on what's going on, but I think we were talking about maybe Brian K. Vaughan and looking at his whole body of work, which would be a lot of fun. TV writer and comic book writer. Could be cool. That could go a number of ways. Sorry. It was a face card. Oh. Oh. You're the DM now. Lord of the Quadroads, now. (laughs) You want to pull another one. Oh there's no other-- No, the Wish card goes. Good roll, Laura. Lord of the Quadroads now owes you a favor. Huzzah! We're doomed. Yay! There's nothing we can do! Anything to get you out of the wine cellar is such a good idea. You're not getting a tax break. I did, I also sent you on a tour of the frescoes, it was quite nice. It had been years since I'd done it without being on fire, running around. Yes. Check one. Carry on, carry on. You're not allowed in that room. (laughs) It was amazing-- I wasn't there, but it was amazing. You only have what I told you later, it's pretty much-- I had things to do, I wasn't entirely clear about what you were planning to do. My god! No, it's great! You didn't die, you weren't kidnapped, your soul wasn't taken, you weren't-- Yes, you watched the-- For god's sakes. Yes, a lot could've happened. They have these little vignettes on occasion that they use to sort of-- it's like a nice little trap. They just like to grab people and use them for various things, no one really knows because no one ever comes back. They're sort of the shadow court, I suppose. They would be the-- for everything that you saw in the Feywild, they are the thing that the Feywild is a little sketchy about and a little worried about. I respect that. (laughter) I don't know what that means. I have a book about that. (laughter) I had the least vacation-y of anybody's vacation. 'Cause I have technically been on vacation for many, many years. I finally took the mantle of responsibility for not necessarily-- I'm not ruling Whitestone, that's not how it works, but I did take on a lot of the civic responsibility. Yes. I hired someone to help run the-- my workshop. And then we drink. So, with the help, I had time to start working on a few projects. I finally made a new pair of glasses. Well, I tried. To make a new pair of glasses. And then I rolled again and tried to make a new pair of glasses. And then I realized it's very, very hard to make a pair of glasses when you can't see what you're doing because you don't have a pair of glasses. So then I actually called Tary and said, please fix these for me. He made very, very nice glasses. I think they have your name inscribed on them, they're really gaudy. White gold. White gold. Please. (laughter) Yeah, the Riflemen of Whitestone. (whispers) Musketeers. (laughter) No. I get vetoed a lot, these days. (laughter) It's not completed yet. We're also trying to create some series of illuminations at least within the main castle in case the thing in the basement that we're still working on ever turns on us and suddenly we are un-magiced, which is a constant fear. I've upgraded, with Taryon's help, we've upgraded several of my inventions. I've had a proper sword of my family crest made. I finally got the glove more-or-less working. More working, honestly, but I'll get into that later. I've been desperately trying to get you to stop going out into the woods to stop searching for that bloody thing. That covers quite a bit of it, at this point. Time, and things in the woods, on occasion. We go hunting. And I've also been training men how to use their guns, so there's been a bit of that. Technically an honorary member of the Grey Hunt, I'd say. Bless you. You're gonna pay for that, oh my God, I can feel the radiation. Well-machined. It can. You are technically a civil servant as well, so you're making money there. Wow, that's a lot of cards! He's now going to become Whitestone's FedEx though. Well, we were leaving from Whitestone, right? That's right, as you were saying, it is based on that festival, and of course Whitestone has its own paganistic rituals dating back many, many years. Yes, you have now. I've so many text files to send you, my word. So usually at this time, the winter solstice, especially when we have a new Master or Mistress of the Grey Hunt, there's usually a celebration or a ball, and they're not every single winter's festival, but it does happen, but since this was the first, we decided to have a fancy party. She was bestowed with her crest and otherwise and we all dressed up. You don't get a crown, you get a cloak-y thing with a medallion piece. You don't really have to wear it, it's just something you get to own. But I also had a piece of jewelry commissioned for everybody. This one specifically, because I had to go find our friend in the Fire Plane. I have this design, and this requires some gemstones, and I have a limited amount of dragon scales from five dead dragons, and I was curious if you could make a hero's crest that is built around these five dragon scales, so that everyone who helped to slay these dragons will always have a token that proves that they were there and they were one of them. And then I also need one made without the dragon scales as well. He'll call. Thank you. Goodbye! They're beautiful, and at the ball, I present all of these to you, and each is just a bit individual. And they are crested in the gems and in the dragon scales to give this color wheel of the red, the white, the blue, the green. And there's one that doesn't have the dragon scales, but it's just got this flourish around it, and we give it to Taryon because these are meant to be built upon, as we will build upon ours. Your accomplishments will be built upon yours as well. Anywhere you like. All right. Or you could use it as your piece clasp. You could put it on your-- you could put it anywhere. You could put it on your gauntlet. They're just something so that, in the worst-case scenario, anyone will always know who we are, and we will know each other. It can't be replicated. There's no one else who's made anything like this. There's not enough material to make anything like this. And we've got to figure out how to start putting your accomplishments on yours soon. You have several already. You defeated a leviathan. Think of it much like your book. Profiterolos! So we just have a wonderful evening where we eat too much, we drink too much, we dance and we all look fabulous. Yes! I'd like to sail. I need a vacation. Teach us some sailing songs. It will be fun. God damn it. I don't think I've ever done this before. I'm not entirely sure. Oh my God, you've done this before, haven't you? We've never needed you more. (laughter) I don't know what that is! The blood is blue. (laughter) No-no-no-no-no-no-no. This is a group vacation. This is what this is now. The one that got away. Rotary club. I think we wish to stay. I think-- That's very fair. Wow! Natural number. (gasps) No! No! No, you are a sadistic bastard! That is the darkest thing I've ever seen. That is amazing. Next vacation. I'll go diving for pearls! Oh, yes! 21! 21. 21. I think I know how to pierce them. Lovely. It's the sea hairs that squirt the ink? You could walk away right now. He'll never know. Does everybody speak Common? I was just curious if he was walking up to people and they were staring, going "oh no", and walking on. You'd better have been able to actually convince them. Oh god. Oh god, no. Yes! Okay. My stuff and Vex's stuff. Here, take a look. Guns, swords, boots. Oh no. That's a good question. Vex? I don't-- I grab the door and shut it. It was either Grog or your brother. Those are really the only two people who could be possibly responsible-- I'm not missing this. I am following. Oh god, she's going to kill you. The stuff in the closet is probably-- I'm going to go find Vax. I have just turned the corner towards Vax's room. I'm probably just now in eyesight. Can I hear this? Why don't you come with me and I'm going to go show you while they talk. Kiki, we've always been friends. I want you to know this is nothing personal but this is-- And I open the door and show you. And then I shove you in and shut the door for a moment. This is so great. I vaguely wonder what you actually had planned for this. This is bedlam, at this point. He wouldn't have seen you get shoved in, but he would have seen me in the hallway at this point, if he passed her. You're going to have to help us clean at least our personal belongings. Oh, I know. I know you had nothing to do with this. He's useless. You're not, so I'm going to make you help on his behalf. Worse than hell. Legitimately worse than hell. This is making me miss hell. I would like you to meditate upon who is responsible for this. This is your boy. I'm taking no responsibility for this one. Some wild dogs attacked our room. I'll speak to the manager. We have no idea. We came back and they were in our room, pissing on our stuff. This is not deception! Actually, do I know whose they are? I don't know where they came from. I'll do deception. Persuasion? Well, deception's higher, but I'll try persuasion. (laughter) No, god damn it. I'm honoring myself. It doesn't matter, anyway. That's 27. I mean, it was upsetting. Your property, our property. This is our problem. All of us. Has this happened before? I've never seen them before, either. I've never seen anything like it. How good a job did you do on our stuff? I know. It's hardly your fault. This is ridiculous. We have a lot of foreign guests as well, in our establishment back home, so I know how things can sometimes get a bit crazy, and I certainly don't want to put any undue pressure on you. Excellent. Do they actually have little cucumbers drawn on them? I see Doty appear, correct? Doty, they're going to take our things. I know why you're here. Are our things even in our room anymore? Tary, call him off. Call him off. Call him off. No. We're getting another room. I know. I know you have to fiddle your dangle. I'm well aware. We're going to sleep. We do not tell them what our new room number is. That reminded me of the old home games quite a bit. That was like watching an eight-year-old juggle a gun. (laughter) Oh wow. I don't know what they're looking at. I'm walking from the cemetery. However far that is. That's never going to get old. Yeah. I'm excited. Yeah! Happy new year, everybody. While we're whispering about things-- That was amazing. Pike, if you need anything, just let me know. And I completely understand the awkward position you're currently being put in. Keep an eye on the odd one. JB. She reminds me of me at that age. That's not a good thing. See if you notice an interest. If you notice an interest in that one, please let me know. Maybe I could figure out what she's interested in and show her around, maybe. The guards have generally been alerted to be wary, kind, polite, and less important that they stop them from doing anything too terrible, more to the point that they just write it down and report it immediately. (laughter) Oh, we're bringing out the moderate silverware. Heavy food. Back to the pool house with you. Oh! You said what? They'll figure out that the poor food-- I feel like they're clever enough for that one. Best to feed them well, at least. I know. Continue to be charming. Yes? I'm so excited for the calamity that's about to be brought down upon my house. There is nothing, short of full dragon apocalypse at this point, that could faze us. We can live through this. We'll be fine. To be fair, I've also already started drinking. I pull out the flask of Courage that I've brought. Oh, there's a lot of Courage. We make it every year. It burns a lot. You're going to get drunk, but you're not going to get sleepy. Let's do this. We thought we would give you the cornucopia of our experience. Well, that's the next 30 minutes. Technically, it's my sister's castle, but certainly. That's code. Yes? Yes, fine. The Trickfoot clan. Absolutely. The V on this shirt? That looks to be a tome of some sort. It appears to be some sort of very naturalistic bow and arrow. Scanlan, I imagine. The A appears to be a bird's mask and a pistol. Also Scanlan. The C is some sort of natural wooden crest of some kind. In fact, this is entirely Grog and Scanlan, which I think, it's about time. The John Doe of demons, really. I'm going to sneak next to JB really quickly. If you want a more proper and private tour of the city, consider the offer open. Just think about where you'd want to start. The offer does stand, though. Have a good evening. I don't think he's figured out what she's talking about. Oh. I'm sorry, I thought that maybe you'd want to see the-- and the-- oh. Very well, then. In the tour? Oh! Yeah. I mean, no. Yes. No. (laughter) How did she do that? Cheap shot, at best. A dream? What dream? I see your reasoning. It actually makes perfect sense to me. I'm going to say you're in a room of people who were raised by-- at least 60 percent of the time, ridiculous people who have their head screwed on straight. I don't necessarily know if-- do you want to bamf, or do you just want to talk? We can probably just talk to him, or maybe we could have him sent for. Yeah. I'm a little worried about leaving them here unattended. Or at least a Tom Waits one. Grog, you'll take the loud ones tomorrow and I'll take the quiet ones? Do you want to get them all? Because you asked so nicely. Also, I was thinking the carpet might be a fine way of moving them around the city. I will definitely agree that there are sections of this city I would absolutely agree that you are the master of, at this point. (sighs) It's going to be a lot of brothels and bars. I am so excited for this. We'll do the tour first, while you guys are off freaking out with the-- Yeah.