What am I doing Thursday night!? (laughter) (laughs) Yeah. Yeah, it's Puzzle Quest's ten-year anniversary. Yeah, and gosh, golly. Puzzle Quest. Marvel. Marvel Puzzle Quest. Marvel and Puzzle Quest. I'm not Sam Riegel! I'm doing my best! I was just given this! I thought he was going to be here! We brought his things out. I thought he was going to be here! And now I have this, and I have to somehow-- I'm not touching that. I know where it's been. That's so true. I can say that I do love comic books. I love three-jewel replacement games that I can play on airplanes-- -- and when I wanna pretend to listen to my family over Christmas. It's great. I know, and I suddenly realised a couple of them watch the show, and now they know that I'm not really texting you guys. But, Marvel Puzzle Quest is great, because it's all the fun of the three-gem, Bejeweled-style games, but you would also collect characters if you're a big nerd like I am, and they've got basics like Thor and Iron Man, and new fun ones, like Ms. Marvel, and-- They have Black Widow. Black Widow is actually one of the first ones I ever got, but they've also got crazy ones-- they've got Devil Dinosaur. That's nuts. I'm even more embarrassed that I know you now. It was already bad. This is why you're never going to be on my show, Matt. Ooh. You're never going to be on my show because you don't have time. I know. (laughter) But yeah. Marvel Puzzle Quest. Thank you guys. You can get it on Steam, Amazon App Store, Google Play, Apple Store-- it's all over the place. Comfy seats. While drunk. I'm ready. I want a bruise, right here. Critical Brawl. We just barefist it. Oh, god! That's right. We had a great time this week talking about Swamp Thing and horror comics. Next week, we're going to be talking vaguely about DC Comics; everything from Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, Flash, Green Lantern, Aquaman, the whole set of them and all the weirdness, and talking about 52, what it is, why people seemed weird about it and why people are coming back to read it now. Like a brief overlook on everything DC Comics. It's going to be fun. Yeah, it was a weird time. It's getting cooler now. We're gonna try and see how many euphemisms we can-- We're going to talk about it like, "I know you think this is a new dog, but it's really the same dog, he's just better now." Yeah, we're working on it. Did you take your shots? I was not. You were. I was not. No! It's a mantle, it only goes to here. I like to think there's a piece of paper like pinned to his wall right now. Sorry, we're good. Carry on. Don't feed them. Very easily, actually. That's the easy part. No, sadly we can't. Well, it is complicated. And, as hells go, there could be worse hells. I've been reading. Thank you. I've been looking into this, and it seems that where we're going has a very, very structured hierarchy. It's very ordered, the society makes sense, and wherever we find this creature that we have to slay, there will probably already be forces working against him that will be happy to ally with us to help that happen. They're vicious psychopathic creatures that only function because they maintain these rules with each other about how they're supposed to act. I think it would be possible to find people who would be delighted for outsiders to come in and do their dirty work for them. Yes. No. They can see through things. It's going to be complicated as well because we have value as well. His name is Asmodeus. And no, we are not kidnapping Asmodeus of Hell. I've seen sketches. Yes. Well, I mean, I don't know how correct these are-- Oh, my. We're going to be offered things there. There's going to be deals made. It's going to be negotiating, probably with someone who'll give us cover if we do some dirty work. They have a lot in common, yes. It's even more structured, though. There's quite a complex-- I alone have identified 13 different caste systems within their function. There's imps, spine devils, barbed devils, chain devils, bone devils. There's all these different kinds of devil, and each devil has to answer to a different devil. They answer specifically to the devils that have fealty over them, who in turn are at constant war with the devils who are in fealty to other devils, and archdevils, and greater devils, who in turn all owe their fealty to Asmodeus. We are not devils. We are not even slaves. We are consumables. Yes. And then turning that into a lemure. Yes. I was very proud of that. No accepting of gifts. You are. Might have to make you special gloves that don't have any fingers. Even specialer gloves. Your current contract with us actually stipulates that you can't have another contract enacted until you confer with all of us. Yes. I'm very thorough. I don't think you were there. This might have been just him and me getting drunk at one point. It doesn't actually say where rakshasas would fall in the caste, does it? In Dis? Yes. Whole page. (laughter) If they're under contract, this is where they go. No, we're absolutely listening. That changed the game forever. Speaking of just our buddy-- -- Pike is another concern. I would feel far more comfortable making sure that she is definitely on board for this. I don't know. I've been thinking about that, the best way to-- I know, I do bring it up, though, that it is one those things that we should talk about. This is one of those things where I thought I would just bring it up now before we go running in there. I am okay with that too. I thought I would bring it up. I just thought I would bring it up-- -- 'cause it is one of those things that is pretty clutch down there. The feeling I get reading-- the more I read about this place, is no one likes anybody down there, and so if we can figure out a way to be convenient about it, you can disappear anybody. He's probably not well-respected. We don't have to do that here. Honestly, the more we act like us, the more people are going to try to tempt us into things. They'll probably see through it. I don't know. Would I know? It's not on the page. You gave me one page. Sure, thank you. Already have us under contract. Do you feel up to this level of deception? I say with all seriousness. Oh God, I'm a tiefling. What happened? Why has this happened to me? It's uncanny. I'm of the opinion that a bunch of mortals show up in the City of Dis looking for a rakshasa, I think they're going to be able to put two and two together. I think that's very fair. They were gift-wrapped and everything. Yes, that's perfectly fine. (laughs) I'm so sad Sam couldn't be here for that. I'll take two regular if you've got them. Infernal? They speak Infernal. Technically it would be a middle name. I do not speak Infernal. I am struggling to find a reason why not, which is somewhat irritating. Percy is just perfectly reasonable. My god, you've found the line, and I've drawn it. D-Roll is actually pretty slick. You're just going to end up Wings someday, that's all I'm saying. So Infernal is going to be a problem. Does Doty speak Infernal? Can he write in Infernal? No, that's my stuff. I'm spreading because he's not here. I speak Disco, but not Infernal. So sorry. I'm not really that sorry. That was for the Aladdin earlier. I had to do something in retaliation. We're looking to see if anything-- It depends on what kind of spell. Like, elemental spells-- I do, too. This picture they have in the book is quite exciting. Yes, she does. Well, we may have to actually hire a guide once we're in there, then. We could go ask. No, thank you. It is called Common for a reason. Sleep, talk to the gardener. For a bit. There were words in there. He's got a point. All the time. You do have a small house if you're feeling-- It needs to be. There's land. Yeah, 'twill be. It's going to be lovely. It was very nice before it caught fire. This is, and the Grey Hunt itself is eventually going to be popping up. What's your plans, Kiki? It's not terrible. No, no, no, I mean, there's some boring bits of it, obviously. (sighs) Where does she learn this stuff? I've never-- Oh my god. (laughter) Part of the Grey Hunt-- and this happens not every season, but often on Winter's Crest festivals, and again it is an official title and does actually carry with it some responsibilities beyond that, but they're very, very you, they'll be fine-- is, and I can't give too much of it away because part of the ritual is also-- You are going to have to go into the woods, and meet something. No, I'm really not. You go into the woods, there are creatures that live in the woods that have been affected by the land, that have gained some-- Whitestone. There are things within the earth of Whitestone that have certain power and certain energies, and they have been seeped into the plants and the stones and the animals themselves, and your job will be-- More or less. The punchline is you're going to go and you're going to have to actually bring back a kill, and it will be a very specific kill that is asked for. But part of that then gives you a practically divine right to manage and look after the creatures of the woods, and our hunting, and what is reasonable to be killed, and otherwise. I think I'm covering most of it-- Divine more in the sense of what reasonable people do to tell commoners that we're allowed to talk to them. Less exciting. You do go alone. No, you do not get help. I think you're going to do very well. It's a sign. It'll be a lovely Winter's Crest. We haven't had a master or mistress of the Grey Hunt in many, many, many years. I don't know. I mean, I think I'm going home. I say "I think." I'm going home. There will be work to do there. And I have plans for my city. I have plans for the people. I want to make it great again. I want to make it shining, beautiful, comfortable for everyone. I think that that would be an excellent thing, for our two people to communicate very regularly. I think they must. That sounds very expensive, I'm not sure that that's possible. Yes, of course I can help you with something like that. It will be a string on a bell. You're learning so well. Are we all sleeping in this hut, or do we have separate huts? We're all sleeping in this hut, aren't we? That's probably not kept well. Goodnight, lovely people. Kuthok. We're all going to say that over and over again now. Kuthok. This is so wonderfully Doctor Dolittle. No! No! Damn it Liam! Ermahgerd. I hate you. It's going in the book. You and she of the so-called "Tempest" can both-- Ah. Voice of the Tempest. Mm. Open your portal to the Nine Hells. I think it's-- are we going to just do this? (whispers) Hate you. So how do you say, 'Do you speak Common?' Oh, well, that's fair. (laughter) It's remarkable. She kills at night. No. No, I'm calling that one. Yet I will say, 'yes', 'no', 'please,' and 'thank you' can get you through an enormous amount of transactions with reasonable people. So 'yes' and 'no' get you through an awful lot. We are stalling. Easily. A city of krakens. It is now. This is assuming that we're going to survive, to be fair, so-- It's a lot of assumption. Oh, any of us. Any. Nothing, it's going to be great. How do you even know that-- I-- no, never mind. Nope. Nope. Thank you. Thank you. I'm behind this plan. It's a good plan. Wait are you above me or below me? All right. It's okay, we're going to find an inn. Thaign. (cheering) While we can do that-- There's an omnipresent iron tower that's watching. It's more the 'omnipresent' part that was really the point of that, but yes. That's copyrighted, I'm well aware. Pizza the Hutt. Dis would be-- If we find the market, we'll find an inn. Find an inn, we'll find a place to drink and get a room. Oh no, I can already see that going poorly. All right, let's all make the changing circle. I'll take one, why not? I would agree. If we go into a fight, it doesn't matter. I'll take grey. We have. Lillith. Right! Let's find ourselves a marketplace and an inn! Let's go. I am going to step out into the street. With pomp and circumstance and purpose. Please don't write things down while I do that. That's not nice! I act like me, I think I'm going to be fine. He's also going to be fine. I wouldn't know from reading anything, I wouldn't have a vague idea of where to go? I have a theory at the moment, but it's pretty light. Hitchhiker's Guide to the City of Dis. I say we head to the tower. So, whichever direction it is, that's the way we'll head. I feel like if I were going to build a giant tower that couldn't be ignored, I would have that be the center of anything and every place. It may not even matter. Why try to be complicated? Let's own it. No fear! I strut. No, let's not make a scene. I'm going to look for signs to look for the sorts of people who are walking around, if there seems to be a flow of traffic, if people seem to be going in a direction, coming from a direction. Getting a sense of the city. While heading towards the tower to make sure that I am trying to get a lay of the land so maybe I can see if we should veer off in a direction. I'm also looking for humans, someone who might speak Common. It's been a while. Yes, of course. -- a problem. I may have to-- I'm aware that there's a lifespan on this die, that I may eventually need to put it away. Heads. I'm well aware. In that case, I'm going to find a lemure and inquire sternly of directions. Kuthok. Marketplace. Point. Well, that's depressing. All right. What building are they currently chained to? I wouldn't recommend walking on in. Which way did the creature go? Keep walking in that direction-- (indecisive noise) From a gentle long distance, and not with great intent. That was a chain devil? That was a bone devil? All right. That won't go poorly. (Minnesotan accent) "Hello, we're from outta town, y'know?" LAURA, MARISHA and And we all die. Too much Fargo lately. Well, that's-- 15. I'm not-- (indecisive noise) Keeping my distance. If they go to an alley, then I'm not going to go down an alley. I'm going to walk by and maybe look down the alley from across the street, but I'm not-- I'm trying to stay on main roads. No-- That feels like a trap to me. That feels like the sort of thing I would do if I wanted to shank someone in an alley. I knew you had. We'll take a left at the next main thoroughfare. Is it? There is no walking away from the tower. Venice in August. Beach, not-- Are there any other people around? I'm going to give a roll. Tieflings? No, obviously-- just us. Let's try this proper. I'm going to start walking and see if I can make eye contact with anything. Well, I am walking in their direction anyway-- Just trying to-- Well, they did. Yeah. I'm going to head toward the tieflings as well. Which I think is the same direction anyway, so. Stove cat. I'm just going to ask somebody where to find a pub or an inn. Not trying to be coy. Not trying to be interesting. Yes, we are interesting. I push everybody to the side and down. I kind of like it here. I was having a Hellraiser moment. Into the tavern. I go stepping inside the tavern. I'm going to stay downstairs to see if they try and come in. Common? Certainly not. Ermahgod. We're here on a few days' business and we were hoping to find a friendly place to rest our heads on occasion, maybe take in a meal of something not necessarily-- Too conscious? Will coin suffice? If we get anything more exciting, we'll be sure to let you know. We just got here. Oh god, stop it, Matt! Ugh. I'm totally okay with that. You, sir, is that 250 a night or 250 total for our stay? For that, 350 I think. I feel that I want you to know just how grateful we are. I'll put the extra 100 out of my personal bin. We're good, we're good. I think we're cool. Just let it play out. That had a name! That had a life, that had a mortgage. He made some bad decisions, and now you're eating it-- I'm so proud of you. Three rooms. This is everything I wanted. Yeah, let's go to the rooms. Don't fall in. Don't lick it, either. Bugs or bugs. I cast black light. That's actually true. I'm going to gently pop her in the ankle to see if I can get her to just fall onto the bed and stop hopping. So does the Identification spell actually tell you the name of the person that you were consuming? Sustained. (laughs) It's literally Soylent. Scry. You're going to be fine after you scry. I'm going to give her a shot of something, just to calm down. Going to give her a shot of something. Got to go back for more, soon. (laughs) Certainly spirits at the very least. Soul and spirits. I shouldn't be finding this as funny as I am. Show me what you got! Suspended by octopi. This is going to go great! What if that means it's just as hot underground? So all we have to do is teleport through that tree that's underground. We can send him a small bonsai tree, as a gift. We have to find the prison, find out what it is, who runs it-- Infiltrate, perhaps. Call a favor. The trouble is, once it becomes a problem, it continues to be a problem until you cut it off at the root. Or like Pike. I may-- well, I'm tempted to head downstairs to have a drink, start scoping out and see who might know what's what about that prison. No. Or we could just not talk about it and see if anyone actually notices, just see if anyone's going to be rude about it. Shiny fingernails. That's 12. I'm so excited. To hell! What voice is this? This is your "Leader" voice. On the plus side, we're all very tired now. It took us quite a while to find this place. I follow him. No. He already went down. All right, we grab him, drag him back in. Maybe flip? Flip sides, just keep flipping the sides. We might have to. (inhales nervously) It's, you know, what's-- No, I don't want to say what's the worst that could happen. What's the best could happen? What's the best outcome here? Yes. Probably the two of us, possibly. Yes. Grog. I'm perfectly content to just go down there, and if anyone asks we've just changed into something more comfortable. Let's go. I'm going to be totally okay. I don't think I-- do you think with the capsule or without. I don't want to-- Fine, with. I grab a soul shard, I suck it down. (sniffs) Oh, let's do this. And we head down. (inhales) Let's do this. Sucked it down like an oyster. Huh. Too much. Little much. Yes, little bit. I'm going to be meditating upon that a little bit later. Let's head downstairs. I walk over. (clears throat) Could I possibly entertain you with some company? That sounds lovely. What is actually available at this hour at this establishment? I would be curious, I would hate to be indebted to you at this point, but I would be very curious to try whatever it is that you consider to be your personal stash. What may I call you? Ah, Freddie will do for now. Broke the DM, ten points. Boom! (laughter) Honestly, cards on the table, we're in town because a friend of ours got in badly with a rakshasa. We figured not, and we're definitely out of place, a bit out of sorts, and definitely out of our depths, but thank you for the rooms. I assume this is your establishment, is it not? I think I understand. Take another sip. Ah, well, regardless of betters or otherwise, I'm grateful for the sanctuary. All of us are. So we, I assume, are not the first people you've met coming into town, looking for a rakshasa? Well, I will admit, we have some questions. We've heard of a-- would you call it a prison? An underground series of cells, beneath the tower? Beneath the tower, beneath the city. That's where we think we might find our boy. You know it well, I would hope not from personal experience? I understand. A very, very great one. There is a prison, underground, people go there. Perhaps this is an easy question to ask that will flow freewy-- freely. What is this? Why do people get sent to that prison? What are you in the market for? I have dull things, but I get the distinct impression you're not necessarily somebody who's going to be interested in coin? I understand. How do I know that what you have to offer is worthwhile? I have a proposal. Obviously we're interested in the prison. We're interested in somehow getting into the prison, or possibly getting our problem out of the prison. I'm not saying that we're looking for some sort of grand mastermind or otherwise, but if you feel that you're the sort of person that would have enough information in this direction of how one might get access to the prison or otherwise, and get out with their skin intact-- at least most of it-- or the sorts of people who would be interested in helping such an adventure go forward, that would be worth our while and interesting. I don't think I've had enough. And I hope-- If you're willing, that if we decline your offer, I hope you will take no offense. That's fair. Is he a pit fiend? Of course. This is a fair offer. I will quietly, without naming names of any kind, confer with my compatriots and we will give you a yes or no, without naming names of any kind. Before we leave, and just as a personal favor. I've been touched by a demon before, by a creature. Does it show here? Can you see? I'm going to pull Hex up on myself. I'm thankful. My last question this taskmaster of yours, the name you gave me, is it his true name? One would hope. Would have made our job much easier. Fair. We will meditate upon it. I will not speak your name in public. I will not speak your name in private, to be honest. You'll just be Our Friend Downstairs for now. We finish our drinks. Keep an eye on the door, see if that strange dwarf-like creature shows up. All right. Well, the rest have to do the-- No, we're going up. That's fair. Let's head upstairs. (laughter) We head up. Well, our friend downstairs says be careful of what you talk about out loud. It's pretty standard. Probably in here. Well. It's pretty typical. I definitely would recommend everybody not use their real names. That's something I should've pointed out earlier. Nothing here is using its real name. I didn't. But I asked him some other things. I don't think it matters, either. Well, there's a prison underneath the city. Our friend says he can probably, very likely get us in there and get us close enough to deal with our problem. I believe him. It's the typical catch. We have to do him a favor. Or he'll arrange for us to be arrested. No. Someone else whose name I will not say out loud for now. Yes. Well-- How do we ever do anything? (laughs) Sure. Yeah, it's really actually quite convenient that there's no such thing as the right thing to do. It just sort of takes so many things off the table here. No, the rock is probably the most innocent person that you're going to throw. It would be a contract, we would be-- Everything here is a contract. He would not be signing the contract. Barry Barrington. Chin up, Barry. (laughs) (chuckles) It's better than-- -- Perry Paddington. Barry Paddington is actually-- has got a nice ring to it. And Greg. It's not really, it's a bit of it. It's off. D-Roll's fine, just don't use any real first or last names, nothing you would sign to a piece of parchment. I feel good about it. I feel like it's a terrible idea. I would just confirm with someone of reason that we're to do this and get arrested for it, or we're to do this and otherwise-- Well, we can't, can we? I didn't agree to that. Well, look at where we are, to be fair. I sort of knew we would have to. Do we just want to get arrested? Or do we want to actually end up where we need to be? I get the distinct impression that most people here are painstakingly honest, which is the horrifying thing about a place like this. I think that they-- that there's a lot of lying by omission. Well. Imps, imps. You can't think they won't notice that you're an imp that doesn't belong to anybody? Crappy, and then back into something awesome. So, do we say yes to this? Well, what else are we going to do? I say yes. No. Once we kill this thing, we Plane Shift out of here faster than you can say-- Oh, oh, we're-- That, we'll confirm with our friend. That, we'll confirm with our person. And, seem like I don't want to use that term too loosely. We'll see what would be most advantageous for getting what we want out of this situation. Pit fiend-ish. No, all of us. All of us. We're going to kill this thing-- It will quite possibly be a magic contract. We're going to ask him this downstairs. I just want to take it to you and see if everyone thinks that we're going this direction. We'll make the most comfortable deal we can, but honestly, I'm very curious if anybody has any better ideas. Full-frontal assault on a demon prison in the basement of-- Lava. I figure-- Well, if we're going to do this, I think we should do it quickly. It might. What level are you casting Locate Creature at? Will that work on him? Okay. I was curious if he has a blind spot or not. It's all right. Turn into an imp. Fair. One day. Fucking hell is right. Stretching. Yeah! I love Hells, man. Oh no. Or that, okay. We can leave them here now. My vibe is it didn't burn. You've got to do something about that. That's becoming a problem. I think they're going great.