I think I hit my microphone. Where am I right now? I'm in my hotel room. Somewhere-- which island are we on? Oahu. We're on Oahu. For Amazing Comic-Con. I have a thought, I have a thought in that direction. When we're ready, I was thinking of basically building what is essentially a giant pressurized mousetrap. Do I have access to some people to help build it, and some perhaps broken homes and chunks of wood and chain? This would be a blacksmith just to make a couple springs. This is not a complicated-- This is literally something you could make in the woods. It's a slightly more complex version of something you could make in the woods to catch birds. I'm just building a really big version. It's a whole bunch of systems like this that will have chains and weights on them that when you disrupt the weight at the center the whole thing goes clunk, throws a whole bunch of-- it's basically a netting system. It's an entanglement and will be an entanglement. Thank god. Yeah, no, not very good. I rolled a six. LAURA and Yes. Okay, I'm just going to take them and I'm going to start building one and see if they can follow suit then. Three springs will be more than enough for this design. I would say, how tall is this dragon? About a two-to-three-foot spring, then. Three two-to-three-foot springs made of solid iron. Just enough to lift the system and toss. And it's just, you make them like chainmail. It's a process that exists. I'm not going nuts. That'll be perfect. That'll do. Yeah. Yes? Hello. Bit busy. What? Oh yes. This is quite a project. Ah, that's my hope is to be, honestly, as far away from this as humanly possible. Oh! The dragonslayer longsword, yes, of course, of course. I pull it off my belt and hand it off. Could help. I'm a little terrified that you're getting that close to it, but here it is. It's quite a piece. Thank you. I am down to my normal sword now. Hi. Yes. I don't recall this person. Was I? Oh yes, no, he was quite lovely. I can't even see you guys, are you like? Hi. That's intelligence modifier plus proficiency bonus plus tinkering? Yeah. 24. (cheering) Oh yeah, baby. 22. That's 23. Yeah, it's the dexterity, right? So yeah, that's right, 23. Okay. What does a point of exhaustion do? Just double-checking, because I have no brain currently, dice roll, dex modifier, proficiency bonus? Just because I have no brain, dex modifier, proficiency bonus, dice roll? Okay, good. Like a Tron lightbike. In theory, it has to be laid down underneath all the treasure so that it just is nothing, and then we put everything on top, and then basically it's set, and then pins get pulled so that it's set. And you don't disturb shit again. Yes, let's do that, gentlemen. Let's move it. Good work, ladies and gentlemen. In theory, he should be able to fit right at the sides of it, because it's got an armature spring system. As long as you're not in the way of the armatures, you should be fine. The trigger mechanism is any weight shift. It's the same as a mousetrap. It's like you put pressure on it, you take pressure off of it, doesn't matter. As long as there's immediate weight shift in the platform, where the booty is, it just goes snap. As long as I'm within range for my guns, I'm going to hide way off in the treeline. In theory, if the trap is sprung it'll make enough ruckus that anyone in those trenches should hear it. No, wait! This longsword was being used as a finesse weapon. We had this discussion at one point. We decided that this longsword was a finesse weapon. Or it could be used as a finesse weapon. Aloha! There's a beautiful view out this window. This happened when we were doing sword tricks. We were discussing whether or not I could actually use a sword. And what that would be like. Because we were having the conversation about whether you should take strength with the sword. I've obviously been using it as a dex-based sword, but-- I don't remember if that was specifically for me, or-- What do your Boots of Haste do and what does your cloak do, out of curiosity? I could, definitely. If you could take the Haste Potion then I might take the boots, because speed would not be a terrible thing for me to have because then I get to shoot more. What does the cloak do, again? 19. Okay, I'm going to cast Hex on the dragon. With a disadvantage to all strength checks. I'm going to hold my turn until the dragon's turn. I'm going to hold until it does something, and if it does nothing, I'm taking my attacks, and if it gets away I'm taking my attacks. I'm just taking my attacks after him. Oh no, that's my turn now. I'm going to take just a standard shot with Bad News. Ooh. 28 to hit. 18 points of damage, with four necrotic. 18 points of damage. And I'll take another shot with Bad News. 20 to hit. All right. All right. Turn's up. Holding my action until its action. With disadvantage. Can I take my action? I'm taking a shot at him at the joint at his wing and I'm going to attempt to ground him. Natural fucking 20. (cheering) Photo taken. Ha! Natural 20. It still doesn't necessarily mean he's grounded. It means he has to make a strength saving throw or he's prone. Roll damage. Oh yeah. That's double dice, so that's-- 23 points doubled is 46 plus-- 46, yeah, plus the modifier now is 52 points of damage total. I rolled really well. Wait! I was going to pop off a couple more shots. I was going to blow an action surge. Okay. No, it's okay. Go ahead. An extra 3d6, not just 3d6. Okay, my first shot, taking a wing shot. That's 20, that does not hit. All right, that's one grit. Taking another shot. That hits. 30. 15 points of damage. And he has to make a strength saving throw. DC is 19. It succeeds on the 19? Okay, I'm going to burn an action surge to take a third shot. 21 does not hit? Yeah, and then I'm going to just hide behind that tree and wait for my next round. Isn't he having plummeting issues if he's not moving? Okay. No, I'm good. All right. I'm taking two shots. That's all I got left. Here we go. 23? Ah! Hm. Ah. Okay. That's, eee, (broken audio). 20, 24 points of damage. Six of which are necrotic. I'm taking my second shot. Reload, fire. Fuck my life. That's m--(audio glitches) Putting it away, pulling out the other gun. That's the end of my turn. This is chaos. I will see you guys later. I can't hear anything.