I cannot say enough good stuff. You know... I will admit, if I get within striking distance, I'm probably-- Chapter one. I have spider-boots. He's got leaping boots. I get it. Cabal's, Dragonslayer, Animus. Well, he's fine. I have Tylenol, but it requires attunement. (laughter) Do we have anything sitting around that's not attuned, though-- I cannot find my card for my Ring of Lightning Resistance. It seems to have vanished. Do we have anything else equipped that we can-- Are you wearing armor? Okay, so the Bracers of Defense wouldn't work. It's breakfast. It's the most important meal of the day. We get advantage on what saves? We don't get advantage? We have the ball. I'm of the opinion that-- personally, I think it's safer to know what we know now and go in, because if things-- I'm feeling strangely positive. God, the sound those things make. It's like your dice have a subwoofer. Let him lick it if he wants it. It's just gonna make him happy. Well, I hate when you put it that way. It's a buffet. It's a Heroes' Buffet. Worst-case scenario, we can camp for the night, if are victorious and spent. Let's make sure that one of the Gate Stones is left here in case one of us has to make a mad dash. Give it, obviously, keep it in Cassandra's care. If somebody comes back, you know everything's gone horribly wrong. Maybe we should give-- TALIESIN and I quietly sneak up and give it a good kiss. Really? We talk all the time, he never mentions you. Scanlan stops us before we start. For the record, this is a terrible idea and we have no plan. Just putting it out there. I'm with you, this is a terrible plan, and we're going to die. I'm fine. I have a cold. I don't feel well. I'm taking something for it. I'm not singing. There once was a barbarian named Grog, who had the IQ of a log-- I'd keep going, but now you're excited, and you've made me lose my-- It can keep. I rolled 33 and Scanlan rolled 31. Plus ten. Okay. How did you do that? Now boarding Star Tours. What do I know about Opash and the crimes and what sort of tinkering? Okay, that's good to know. So the scarring does not seem recent. Yellow 'Dragon Crossing' signs. She licks a tree. "No dragon has been here." (laughter) Well, if Raishan came back, then who knows what horrors actually do exist on this island? It's possible that she found some of his notes and built upon them. There could be anything. Interesting. I'm just playing some conjecture in my head. You have a powerful necromancer, if there's any possibility that he could've found a semblance of unlife, of Opash wandering around, and bent him towards his will, then we don't know how that gem got into his chest in the first place. We don't know how any of this happened, and there's just too much we don't know yet. We have to find the cave. There's just a lot we don't know. Or maybe quicksand? This could be all the quicksand we were promised as children. It was such a big part of my childhood. Would the rock tell you if it was having a headache right now? How would it tell you that? Weird point of contention for my imagination. Are the trees wilting, or do they seem like there was a bit of a blast? Okay, so there's no pattern to it. How did you just notice that? How very Flash Gordon. I don't know if we should move it. Just so that if the dragon tries to run, they have to move a giant boulder, it would be really convenient. Or would it be easier just to scrape across the side? Scrying on the inside. I think we'll just go in. I mean, what are we gonna see that's gonna make us change our mind? LAURA and That's huge. Technically, it's somebody else's. Aw, man. Yes! I'm gonna get the wrath of this. I can feel the heat emanating right now. I'm so proud of you. No, this is an excellent start. It's okay, there's options. That's good. We have no way of keeping silent, do we? We don't have any way of-- We've spent more opening a door. You're our last resort at this point. Wow, I actually do blame myself for this. This is interesting. I don't know. With handholds on it. It's Fortress of Solitude. We can now get enough of a hold to make a lever and move the boulder out a little bit, get us all in, and then drop it back into place. In theory. We have this hole now that's big enough for, let's say, a magical weapon that can't be destroyed? And we can just apply as much pressure, put a bunch of other people pushing on the other side and see if we can open it up enough to get in and then let it close behind us. I don't want to burn that right now. Who's got a magical weapon that's very long? Kima. We're thinking about building a giant lever. Could you put your sword in that hole and help us pull very, very hard to see if we can move this boulder? In theory, no. It's a magical sword. Can you break a magical sword with pressure? That's fair. So I'm going to try and build this lever. All of us are going to put pressure in the other direction, we're going to try and have as many of us moving this thing just a couple feet. Not far. Just far enough to make an opening to get as many of us through as possible. We have holes drilled in the stone by dragon feet. 17. Scanlan rolled a four. I scootch. What a wonderfully convenient way to close. And it also means that the dragon will not be able to open the door. It's wedged shut. Just, let's remember to pick those up, if there's anybody left to get them. I thought you were stealthing. 34. And then Scanlan... 18 for Scanlan. Could have been, yeah. You're literally wearing a creeper shirt, you have to be careful what you say. God, every time. It's a tough one. Okay. Put it in the Bag of Holding. Also, Vax, what were the titles of those books? Earpiece, listening to your vague description of things. Grog would've read them, even if he just made up words. I did ask about the books, the titles of the books. The left hand of the tunnel. Yeah, it could be a security camera. Actually, where's Kima? Then I think it's you and Kerr, and then me and-- Ash and Scanlan. I think destroying it will trigger it. Do not underestimate the power of burlap. Just thought it was a college prank? Can I get a little light in here, just for a second? Okay, so I can't see the mechanism on the door. Okay, that's fair. For the best, it would just scare me. Take a look around. You see seven. I've built a fire-lock mechanism for a door before. Would I recognize this as being a set a fire in the bowl and that might open the door? I built one for the Raven Queen temple. Intelligence check? That's, with my new intelligence level, that's a 19. It's magic. So if it did, it would be magical. If that was-- Do you have something sharp to just scrape some off? They don't work. He just does that to be an asshole. No, it's very attractive. Can I taste it? Tempting. Do we recognize the architecture of the door, and I also want to take a look at that book. What is the book's language, what does it look like? I'm not picking it up yet, I'm just looking at it on the shelf. We're going to see if we put the PDA in the bowl, see if that'll-- Well, we do have samples of blood, in theory, in the Bag of Holding. You've caused a feedback loop. Is the book trapped? I'm holding onto the wing. I'm gonna flip gently, with a gloved hand, flip through a couple pages just to see if it's text, text, text, or if there's any-- I'm going to flip to the front really quickly and see if there's a title. I know that feeling. That's me. I think I've solved this! Let's extinguish all the lights, and someone with low-light vision has to read it. No. That's not funny. Do we have anybody with perfect nightvision? Well, I can't see a thing. Begrudgingly. We should light the brazier. That, or raid the cabinets we passed. We're bringing the light back. That'll do. 24. This has happened to me dozens of times. At least now we don't have to try and stealth anymore. The book's fine, I assume? That's awesome. Do I recognize the smell of whatever they used to ignite that, or was it more mystical in nature? Okay, I was just curious. All right. Well. Let's try and pour some of the dragon blood into the bowl and see if that does it. Let's blow a vial, see what happens. Let's try basilisk and work our way up. You guys work on your thing. I'm gonna work on another thing. I'm gonna go over to those other shelves, I'm gonna see what the fuck is up there. I'm gonna quick-jog to the other shelves and take a look at those books. Oh, fuck. Firecracker outside. Zebrawood is, I believe, the one that I have. 22 for Scanlan. He rolled a natural 20. 17. I can turn myself invisible? It's a level three spell? I'm gonna turn invisible and back up against the northern wall in the corner and see if the skulls notice. And I'm going to hold my action until I find out whether or not-- oh, invisible is my action. All right. I'm gonna back up, and yeah. She's inspiring. Four saving throws with advantage. Cleared all of them. It's her magic power. Save, save, save, save. 42 points of damage? Wait, how much? Some mild asbestos in the coat. How much, sorry? It's a box of kill. I'm irritated. So which was the one that you were shooting at? I'm gonna start with him, and I'm going to, just to be a dick, I'm going to pull some deadeye and a sharpshooter on this one. So I'm going to start with him, taking a shot with Animus. With the Animus gun, which is, with the sharpshooter on, is 26 to hit. That's-- sorry, I'm a little out of it. What do I need? I need one of these. Oh, I'll use this one, it's prettier. Just counting the dice. That's nice! That's 17, 27 points of damage, plus two points of psychic damage. Next shot. (laughs) I killed it, so grit point back. Actually, and I'm going to spend another grit point for the same shot. So yes. That's-- I'm gonna just switch to the one-- yeah, just gonna switch so that we're not flanked by the-- Same sharpshooter, same thing. Same attack. 26. That's not as good, but it's okay. 22 points of damage, plus six points of psychic damage. I'm going to take another shot at it. Sharpshooter, but not with the deadeye. Pew-pew. Not as good a shot. 16? That'll do. That's 20 points of damage, with four points of psychic damage. I do a quick reload, and I run up the wall to-- yeah, that way, but to an angle? Yeah, I'm gonna perch up there. Oh yeah, I get the grit point back. Thank you. I'm trying to write. You know, I've been led to believe that bears had more affinity with dealing with forest fires in general. I feel it's just-- this is definitely a problem. Do you have a bald bear? I was gonna say, somehow a skull is giving you shade, and now he's not. He senses the all-powerful deity to the outside of it and just leaps towards Matt's face. Every week. Every week for two years. We've been playing this game for two years. At the edge of the map? So it wouldn't matter. So what's 40 minutes. Yeah, we're good. Let's take a-- You can find out really easily. On top of? Nine. I'm still rolling. I'm rolling really shittily. Wow, I'm down a lot. I'm at 140, I'm not at the top of my peak. Is it possible-- god, I have instructions on how to run Scanlan, and I'm debating how to best do that. I was going to say, according to the instructions I was given-- Well, that's the thing, I want to make sure I can do this in a way so I don't take anything from him later. He really-- yeah, no, I'm gonna try-- Before. Yeah, I was given specific instructions. He's gonna push a little forward, up to the stairs, get away from the rest of the group. Oh, then he's going to push a little far back and just-- Which is nine hit points. Yeah, he's gonna get himself quietly away. I think he's had it packed already, so there's not gonna be a big, elaborate-- he's just gonna-- I'm not gonna sully it with my good dice, I'm gonna use one of my crappy dice. This is, I guess, the most stoner die I have for this. So okay, constitution saving throw? 19. Oh, saving throw. 19. Ah, I love it! This is the worst thing ever! No, it's great, yeah. This is weirdly-- Two-day mansion! The large print giveth and the small print taketh away. (laughter) Tom Waits, everybody. Tom Waits, bless him. I dig this. We got this. I keep meaning to build something for something like this. I just haven't had the time. And just let us know which direction you think we should head, Vex. I do, I know I do. That wasn't a mistake, though. Love you madly. That was for Vex. Vax. Which one? Why don't you tie the endless rope to yourself so we can pull you up-- So here's an interesting thing. We don't have an immovable bar anymore, we left those both outside. All right, that's fine. Let's-- We could shuttle or use a rope. I will avoid cardio at all costs. Grog first? Dispel Magic. Ability check? Okay, I will admit, I have no idea what I'm doing. 21. (sings) Rock glyph! You don't have to turn on the blue light. Rock glyph! You don't have to give our bodies to the spikes. Love you, Sam. Love you. Brought it all the way back for you. I have no idea. It just looked dangerous, and I figured that's better safe than sorry. Sure, they'll be fine. I'll go with you, 'cause I'm fine. So I have options. Oh no, we saw. Did we make it down and nothing happened? Somebody's got a coupon for a back massage. Welcome to Vox Machina. You seem tense. It's about the speed of the children's rides at Fantasyland at Disneyland, right? I think probably, maybe Scanlan and Pike are in front of me, and then I'm probably hanging back with Kima and Allura, just sort of ready to-- I want to be at a distance. When he said 'chiseled rather roughly', he meant Brad Pitt. Okay, I'm going to grab on to the bridge, I'm going to test it, I'm going to step to see if it's real. I'm checking it. I'm gonna grab one end of the infinite rope, and I'm gonna hand the other end of the infinite rope to someone who's staying. I think that I pose a good chance of getting across this safely. I'm going to make a run for it. Well, not a run. No, I'm going to walk. Gingerly. I'm tying the rope-- That may be one of the smartest things you've ever said. I don't actually have a retort for it on any level. It means if I die, you win. I'm going to tie the infinite rope to myself and hand it off to Grog. Oh god. I'm handing it to Grog. And I'm going to start gingerly stepping out onto the bridge, being very careful, and checking with each step that's it's real, and looking for weird glyphs or signs or anything out of the ordinary. That's not bad. That's 22. I'm also using my boots, and I'm gluing them to whatever the-- yeah. Are things just getting weird out here? Well, this will be fine. Is gravity flipped? I'm going to spider-climb. I'm just going to use my spider-climb boots, and I'm going to make my way, with the rope. We've got now a third rope, we can literally just clip people to the rope, now. We can use the rope we just made as a clipped rappel rope, can we? That's a thing that we can do. If everybody wants to try and cross, we can actually-- we now have an unencumbered piece that we can use to get people across. There's probably spikes up there. Oh, I have a theory. I have a weird theory. I'm going to grab-- what do I have that I can do this with? Try and clock them, see if it's the same bodies over and over again. If it's an infinite loop of falling. Oh, fuck no. I was about to interject, and I know that I didn't make that fast enough, but at some point I would already like to be moving to interject in this. I'm not going onto the bridge, I'm pulling out my gun-- I was gonna start skeet-shooting at some point, so. But she's still tethered. All right, my first action, I was just pulling to try and skeet-shoot and sharpshoot with Bad News to hit the undead that had grappled her, and I assume I have spend a grit to get him to let go. To shove him off. I still have that d12 inspiration. Oh, for fuck's sake, really? Misfire. The carpet is not what we need. The rope that is currently tied at the other end of the ravine, where they're currently above us, right? I'm going to try and reverse rappel with the rope, the other end of the endless rope, up to them. I'm gonna reverse-Batman this shit. The rug's a terrible idea, right now, anyway. I'm just, I'm going up super fucking fast. It can hold four or five people. Hang on, I'm coming. Get across, we need people to pull us back. Scanlan also has a plan, if you guys are about to really fucking die. You can use the rope just to steady yourself on the carpet. Just so you know, the second my feet hit the stone of the upper wall, I'm going to hold on-- I no longer have to repose, I've got the spider, I'm going to double-dash towards them with the rope. And I'm just tying them to the rope. Tied them, holding onto everybody, and I just have been yelling, pull! I've got them on the rope, pull the rope down! Who else is on that side of the-- Yeah, as many people as can start running out that way. I'm going to use my spider-walk ability to actually just maintain everything and just keep an eye out and try and safety-spot everything. And Scanlan. I grab you and give you a big kiss. Big, sexy, still-tied-up makeout kiss. Hey, well done not passing out this time. Good for you. I untie the broom and the-- I slowly start shoving Keyleth back towards the ravine. Scanlan's with Grog. It's more of a Thursday. (laughter) Well, okay, how are we going to get the last-- there's still a rope. Bit of an arc. You want to pee, don't you? I've got a great idea. You grab the end of the rope that's still tied, of our endless rope. On the count of three, Scanlan's going to jump on your back, on the count of three, they're going to make a running jump, and we're going to run, all of us holding like a giant game of tug-of-war, and just see if we can pull them across like a kite. Well, if you tie yourself to the rope, too, no matter what, we'll be able to-- so you'll at least be tethered. Chain of Returning? I've got a crazy idea. (laughs) Sorry. But we have two, are we just going to do it twice? Oh, and Grog can get in the necklace! That's very clever. I'm gonna anchor this rope also to Trinket, just so there's extra weight. All right, you guys feed it, I'm gonna be ready. I think with a natural 20, you could steal jewelry from one of them as you went by, like, that's a nice necklace. He knows! Modify Memory. (laughter) Scanlan is also inspiring her. You want to try again? I know that you're considering it reasonably. Or not close enough. Oh, god. I don't know if we should touch the water that's coming out of the fountain. I think it's coming out of a petrified human that's been turned into a mystical source of water, is the vibe I'm getting. I'm going to walk up the wall towards, very gingerly, doing my best to check for traps or anything unusual, towards whatever it is that the water's hitting on the ceiling. That's a natural 20. My perception? With my perception, 28. Do I recognize the green emerald gem? It's a green gem, or is it residuum? And the water is hitting that gem. I'm feeling the urge to fuck with this. I'm really hoping someone tells me not to. I'm going to edge towards it gently, and I'm actually-- this is going to sound weird-- I'm going to spit at it to see at what range my spit decides to move towards it. Okay, so it's the water itself that's being-- something maybe in the fountain? I'm standing next to the gem. I can pry it out of the ceiling if we have to. I might run down to Grog. Do you have a spare jar or jug that I can borrow? I just want to borrow it for like five minutes, and I'll give it back. I have nothing-- Yes, it is. It won't even fit around your neck. Do you know how to tie an ascot? Oh, that alone. That's adorable. I tie a little Dickie's first day of school Christmas bow. And I take my little pin and I pin it on him. Thank you. (laughter) For science. But let's try and leave this room without doing anything, maybe. I'm not gonna do anything unless something happens. So nothing-- the fountain did nothing? Let's bring everyone towards you now. Is it time? I don't-- It might just be the equivalent of a big red button. The world loves buttons. You have a jar of unending water if you wanted to-- I'm waiting for everyone else to-- I'm circling to the other side of the green-- Yeah, if everyone's gonna cross the room. If the water were running, which direction would the water be running down? Like, if the fountain filled-- this is just, I'm trying to conjecture, I feel like the fountain's gonna irritate me for the rest of the god damn night. Do it? Touche. I figure, I think, if you've made it this far, that you've not touched several things at this point, so. This is so obviously a-- I know. Yeah, I'll start walking towards them. I hear this over the ears, and I'm gonna slowly crawl, not too close back-- Oh shit, I have a theory, now. Never mind, I don't want to fuck with it anymore. I hand her my jug. (laughter) I'm moving right now. We can make it whiter. I may play Dungeons and Dragons on the internet, but now I'm embarrassed. Good to know. Thank you for handling Skype so well. It is not easy to be on the other side of that camera. It's so frustrating.