It's a magical Instagram. He and I used to perform at the Ren Faire together, it was a thing. Oh, shut up. Suck it. My coat! She's an amazing coat designer. She's got a-- She did the coat, she's an amazing cosplayer and costume designer and you can find her on Sickhorse all over the place. You could wear it in a boat! You could put it on a goat. At work or on the go. If somebody says they're one thing but really they're just not all that. Who put this one together? Has that not publicly been seen yet, is that not out yet? We are fiction now. "There's no time to do anything else, other than this." I think a short rest would not be a bad idea. I think we start moving in that direction and when nightfall comes we make camp. We can find some more boar if we have to. Yeah, should've been at disadvantage. Do it! It's a one. He rolled a one. I'm grabbing the sword and taking it to a corner and I'm going to stare at it for a second. It's barely been a minute of real time. Can I assist with a whisper to the sword? You do first. No! It's not stupid! Because he's a terrible person, that's why he's taking a picture. I was going to say something to it. If I were you, I'd put it back. Or else it will be the last meal you ever eat, because I will find an abyss so deep and so far you will never taste a drop of blood again. And I'm not touching it. I touched it and put it down and let go and said that to it. I'll start summoning my own fucking mist, man, I'm not fucking intimidated by this shit. I love a whisper. I want to do this with great pain and sadness. Little busy. Little busy. Keyleth? I'm debating whether or not to touch the sword. And I'm debating whether or not you should touch the sword. We have to move it. It's a bad deal. Best time for a joke. Can you do that? Grog, I'm going to make you a deal. We're going to deal with this as a family, and we're going to get you something much nicer. Right away. We're going to replace it with something a little less complicated. Perhaps it's time to be a better badass. You don't want to interrogate it, because if we interrogate it we're going to have to make a deal. It can use you on Kevdak. What do you think we should do with it? Oh, we've already poured it into your mouth. I think I'm perfectly content with it being someone else's problem. I'm staring hard to make sure it's not going to fight this. Well, let's think about this. I'm going to suggest something that's going to sound a little iffy, but I swear to god I'm being clever. Send it somewhere where it will be content. Let's not anger something. Where do we send vampires? But they would be using it in the Nine Hells. And it's going-- No. That might go poorly. Yes? I am. I know. I know. I don't think so, but what do I know? That's fair, yes. On the sword. I'm going to kick myself if I'm right. Does it? All right, let's-- go ahead. I'm curious. In my mind I have a worst-case scenario, but. I'm tempted to ask you to do it just because I would love to be wrong. What? Let's camp here for the night. No. We were in a time vortex, really it's time to sleep. No, no, no. Can I borrow your broom for a bit? It's early, I might as well. Only if you want to double the amount of time it takes me to work on it. All right, it's very boring. Hit dice just restore at the end of the day, correct? Yeah, just to work on the broom. All right. Oh! With advantage. Very nice. It's new now, I have to remember, I got a new number. Natural 20. Are there? Are there? LA-New York-LA-New York, sorry, yeah. I gave it to Ashly this week, it was working fine. The other Ashly. Can I at least have the tether done, or is it still in progress? For a dex save if you fall off. All right. Can't stabilize yet, but at least there's a-- okay. Excellent. Yay to a constructive day. That was-- you're quite good at this, we should do this again sometime. Yes, this was actually agreeable. All right. I'm so excited. Can I spend my tinkering check building a waffle iron? I'm just kidding. I'm kind of kidding. I'm going to put that aside for later. Let's head towards the town. We walk. It's also very inconspicuous. I know you're not a fan of inconspicuous, but there's nothing you want to be conspicu-ed by, here. Do we want to do that first, or do we want to deal with-- Oh yes, of course, it'll be right, next thing we do. We don't have to stop there, that's fine. Westruun it is! I wouldn't have let her get that far back, I would've been hanging back there too. How big is it? Ten. We could stop by later and tell them that both their problems have been handled. Well, they know their problem's been handled because we sent all their people back to them. When you're in 50 episodes, this is the first one. Well, that's where we'll send word if anything happens in Westruun. Let's not make promises. LAURA and I would agree. Oh, there's many ways we could do that. I think we could draw out their worst very easily. Hmm. How committed are your people to trial by combat? What can you imagine would be the most exciting show they could possibly hope for? Some of that is... How smart are your people? I've got a thought. It's dangerous, but I have a thought. You literally walk, march right to the city gates and demand a challenge. If we put you right in front there, perhaps we let Pike stay with you, I doubt there's any of them who will not want to watch that. And while they're watching, the rest of us do our best to get everybody as safe as possible. They won't want to sully that fight, no one will want to sully that fight. And if things get bad-- We'll pull him out. How many objects are you attuned to right now? What do you have right now? That's good. That's good. What does the amulet do? That's pretty nice. We need his Knuckles. This is going to end with a fight between the two of you, there's no denying that. Yes. We defeated the people who left me in a horrible state, I think we will have no problem defeating the people who left him. And then what? But then what? How does that save the city? It's not just the hostages, though, it's a city under siege. I just don't think it's feasible to empty it. They're in a place, though, where if we can get rid of the goliaths, at least they could function with the dragons. Not over Westruun. Very clever. We can do this. We've got lightning. Let's rest up and wait for the dragons. 23. 20. Okay, that's a good idea. I take that back, that's a great idea. Well, they know we're here now. Yes. They know we're here now because now his body's missing. I don't know if they're that clever. Should've left him up there. Should've cut him down tomorrow. One more day up there would have made no difference to him, and it's going to make a difference to us because we have to move tonight now. Respect him by freeing his daughter. They know we're here. I don't think they did. No, tonight's fine. There's nothing wrong with tonight. I just figure, if we do it, and we should do it, and obviously this is nothing if not a sign that we should've done it sooner. That was our reasoning last time, no, we do this, I think we do this tonight. All right. Do they know we're coming? What are the things that we face inside the city? What should we fear inside the city? We have one more if we want it. Vax. We have to put it back. He's going to save his daughter one last time, we're going to put him back up for one day. We're going to wait for the dragon to pass, and then he will be buried on his land properly with stone and dirt. Thank you. And thank you for bringing him. This was helpful. Jesus Christ. We wait for a dragon pass. The day after the dragon passes, we strike. I want to tinker for the evening as well. 21. Whatever night we have time, I want to keep poking at that. I'm going to lend her my resist lightning ring so that she can study it and hopefully come up with a resist energy potion. Matt Mercer, white courtesy phone. Matt Mercer, white courtesy phone. We're doing strategies. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you! You clever fucker. Good god. We were strategizing. We were just, we're figuring out some strategy for how to make this work. By candlelight. So we're watching the other two head back towards the-- I imagine the offering was a little light. They may not be very happy with leadership that leaves them in a place where they're being taken advantage of. That's very clever. Might be time to move on. For them to leave. This is not a good deal for them anymore. I think it starts today. He'll play Candy Crush. There's no bad idea when we're workshopping. And mix a little black powder into the dirt. Hit it with lightning and it'll go up. Do we have something fancy to put at the bottom? Yes, that's actually even better. Curly. That's embarrassing. All right. All right. So I say you, your dad, and maybe Pike walk up to the front door and then we get ready to hit them with the doozy once things start. No Pike? You're going to lure them out and we're going to hit them when they come out. We're not going to evacuate several thousand people, it's just not going to happen. So why not just look like them and if you need to you can make a bubble? Could have a rope tied to him. Can you remember who you killed two days ago? Oh, well, that's fair. I don't think they care who he is. I think you showing up at the front doors is the best option at this point. I'll help. I'm going to get some-- All right. I did, I gave you a little bit of black powder. I have a little bit left over. I gave her a third of a barrel worth, like twice this. I'm going to have to deal with it eventually, but I'm fine at the moment. If it's hit by lightning it should be fine. He'll be tied to a rope. You can make it move when it's time. Could I assist with that? Okay, we can do the head. Can you get me out of there once they come to attack? Yes. I'll be the bait. I can be the bait. I'm going to have the severed head of your father talking to them. Up to you. All right. Sister's good for an escape route. Well, if everything goes wrong we meet back here at the very least. Yeah, but I'm just talking about, what if we have to para-rescue his ass out of a fucking pickle? That's perfect. We have that option if it comes to it. It's all right. And again, like any good plan, everything will go wrong. It's time. Let's just keep our distance, let's get them out of the castle and coming out at us. You're not going into town, why are you going into town? We dug a giant pit in front of the main entrance. We can hear everything that happens. Plus. I like that this is that deep in your notes, is which heads are on spikes. It's like a best of season one, that's great. SAM and Okay, go ahead. (eerily good crow noise) (eerily good crow noise) That's good enough, that's good. (a panoply of crow noises) Sorry. (laughter) Don't you want her to read the note? Oh shit. Yes! Roll with it, roll with it. No! No! At the end of this fight, can I have your tie? I mean, you're not going to need it anymore. Oh, sweet Jesus. Put that on like a Japanese businessman. Why did we even bother to plan? TALIESIN and We are still on the rails, it'll be great. We're all going to fall and die in it, it's going to be great.