Trojan horse and a suit that they wear. They could sneak themselves onto the stage that way. Encourage this. Oh no, encourage this. (laughs) I encourage bear. You have a show? What kind of show is it? I've got a tiny announcement, which is Ant-Man the movie is really good. If you like Ant-Man the movie, you can hear me as Ant-Man, being not nearly as funny, in the pinball game. I'm not nearly as funny as Paul Rudd. Yeah! I want to see if there's an inscription. Yes, that would be lovely. I say we head to the ship. Finding some relief in the situation. Yeah! Natural 20. TALIESIN and Because we know our shit. Tell us of this Kord. Try to find your notes of this Kord. Getting the giggles out. Well, my question is, is this a temple? If it is a temple to Kord, is this a place of battle? Is this somewhere where people go watch battles and fighting? So what sort of odds are we talking about, then? Hold on. He'll be fine. Look at him. He'll be fine. You could do more damage if you hit him with the die, because it's sharp, so you'd actually get more damage with the d4. There's not enough popcorn in the world for this. Come on, Grog, we'll get you ice cream. Damn it. It's a grouping of stars in the sky. If we get you in this outfit, will you waddle? That's really the question. Percy was the third of seven children, born to a noble family who lived far to the north in the ancient castle of Whitestone. With so many siblings to share the burdens of lordship, Percy turned his attentions to the sciences, engineering, and naturalism. One day, a mysterious couple named Lord and Lady Briarwood came to court. During a feast held in their honor, the Briarwoods violently took control of the castle, killing or imprisoning everyone who would stand in their way. Percy awoke chained in the dungeon, only to be freed by his younger sister. Together they fled, chased by the Briarwoods' men. As they ran, Percy's sister took several arrows to the chest and fell. Percy kept running, eventually jumping into a freezing river and floating unconscious to freedom. He did not remember waking up on a fishing boat. He barely remembered the next two years, as he slowly made his way as far south as possible. Then one night, Percy had a dream. A roaring cloud of smoke offered him vengeance against those who destroyed his family. When he awoke, Percy began to design his first gun. (gunshot) Is that a euphemism? And you are what you eat. That was a little racist. Keyleth's got family. We can visit her family. It seems a shame to have a family and not take advantage of it. Your accent's amazing. We should take care of each other. Perhaps shopping is not the best path. We haven't had an awkward parental confrontation in what feels like months. I'm going to hop on the carpet with you. I'm hopping on, as well. You can do a what? She can cast Locate Creature. Can you read my mind? I'd like to try and identify the animal that it ate. 13? Like moose-big or bigger? I don't know what we're tracking, but I think it's friendly. Dire-ape. It's possible somebody was feeding it. I'll join in that. 21. There's nothing you can't ruin. 15. Hail, hydra. 15. We're going to take the carpet and make our way to the other pond. I have the carpet, I'm going to head towards that small-- What is that? I'm going to move just to the other side of that. We're going to get a bear! What's my distance? Is this Pepperbox distance or Bad News distance, at the moment? All right, I'm going to start curling around the tree I'm near. I'm going to take some movement to fly over the pond back here. And while I'm making my little round, I'm going to take two shots with the Pepperbox. Full-on misfire. (cackles) Yeah, I misfire. I don't care; we got a bear. It's fine; I'm putting it away. 13. You got a four? The untested? The one that has the little mark beside it? Now?! Well, we know it works. Now, if only I could have attached that to a donkey, at some point. For a year, he tried to get me to design an exploding donkey. I haven't gone and Grog hasn't gone. Oh my god, for the love of-- no! One. This is a wisdom modifier plus d20? Natural 20. To be fair, the die didn't dodge the earth. You can take it. Trinket's unconscious. That's so clever. Clever girl. Is there a payout on this contract?