I'm feeling it. Wait, you need to turn it back this way more. Oh, okay. Bold decisions. I see a sailboat. What are you? Is it my imagination that all of the half-elves kind of have the same weird chin thing going on? I will also say that I definitely get Ashley as the Joker threatening the city. SAM and Millions will die. She's like if The Joker had a daughter with Krondor. What's that hashtag again? Yes! I missed this week because I realized, once again, that I'm supposed to be doing things other than playing D&D and actually working in the real world. So I missed this Wednesday Club, but I'll be back next week. I don't actually know what the subject is yet because I've done nothing other than this all week. Actually, probably not. We did Marvel last week. Maybe. No Marvel this week! We've got to let DC, and Image, and independent books may give a thing. X-O Manowar? You are a nerd, dude, whoa! Are you coming on? I was going to say, will you come on our X-O Manowar show if we do one? Okay. I love you. So yeah, there will be a Wednesday Club. Check out Twitter for updates, but I'll be back and it will be fun, and I'll be catching up on all my books. Maybe. Probably not. It's the gothiest one since me, I think. Well, no, Jason Charles is pretty gothy. She's so cool. Yeah, that happened. Oh, good. Plates. I'll have a plate. Grog, please, there is food. But no plates. A fortune. We have books, there were books, we kept books. It's quite all right. That was a long time ago. Really? Glad so many of us survived. Oh no! Did we fight his undead body in the crypt? Is that-- oh. I would feel better about that, but probably not. I just like the notion that maybe if we just checked one more of those cells in the dungeon of Whitestone-- You know, I'll say just because I'm curious where this particular rabbit hole leads-- It's not like we're going to go wherever-- This is our version of looking at our phones. This is Vox Machina going-- Yes, but the frame rate is only 120 frames per second. What? This is really sad in the weirdest way. I know. I can't. Pre-stream! It's been since pre-stream that this has come up. Okay. Wow. Is that this version of "He's in the Feywild. Everything's fine right now." Keep your eyes open. We trust your judgment. We've got a trip to take, so perhaps when we get back, we can audition some new candidates. That'll be fun. You'll enjoy that. Oh, it's quite fun. It's quite nice. Now I remember why we hired her in the first place. We need to do a bit of shopping, but then we do have-- you're not quite done, are you? I'm putting it out there. Wow! I watched that work its way from your ear all the way to your brain, there! It got lost on the way! It was amazing. They decorate it, like a winter's festival. Was I at that one? Please! I'm sure you're having all sorts of reservations and thoughts and processes about this notion, but I will admit, I have yet to introduce your sister to the best part of being titled, which is dressing up. And it would be a coronation! We could get some clothes! We could wear something lovely. It's a sign of respect. Yes. I am. Heavy is the head that wears the crown. I'm sure we can work out something without pants. Just get him boots that go all the way up to the neck. Activate number one or number two. Has your life been leading up to this moment, or has your life been leading up to everything that happens after this moment? I'm just saying, as somebody who spent several years of their life avoiding the one thing that would make them even remotely happy, maybe just barreling through it is the way to go. We'll be there! I was going to say, is that theoretical or experiential? Okay. Just checking. She still reads a lot. Lots of things. No, you don't. That's why I was so excited that you pried. He took his time. Pencil or pen? You're going to be very good at this. I know. Wow! Okay, that's less disappointing. Whitestone's the Boulder. It's Boulder, Colorado. There's nothing happening. In theory, they'll have your crest on file. That's one of those things, any dressmaker would actually know how to assemble something appropriate for any house of any nobility that exists. Ooh, a work vacation. Not as cold as my home, but it'll do. We also probably need a few healing potions and such, and we'll probably have better luck somewhere else. Yes! We probably need to stock up a bit. It's like a four-pack of medieval Five-Hour Energy drink. That's like a 1st-level healing potion. You might want to keep a low profile. Or a ghost. It is sadly not Hallow's Eve. We can put him in some armor or some fake cloth of some sort. Well let's go full Cinderella on this. Let's get all the mice involved. Let's make him look like a goliath that wears a lot of robes because he was horribly scarred. Grog, how do you feel about this? I feel like you have the look-- Oh, you're upstairs, you're not actually here. Never mind. I know. We could put him in a suit of armor. Is Doty strong enough to wear a suit of armor? Yes, decorative. Because this is funny. I'm having a wonderful time. Groucho Marx nose and glasses. (all laugh) We can make him a mask at the very least. All right. No, it's just a man with no arms, legs, heads, limbs and chest. No, we're doing it. Everyone else can get their little run-around of Westruun done while we sit making a robot. It is important for him to express himself. Oh no! You own a cardboard box with a bunch of stuff. I need some clay. I gave him a list. Well, the first thing that we're going to need, is we're going to need a way of connecting this to him without limiting his movement, so I'm making so it's a very accessible, easy harness to get this on and off. And starting to design and put together how we're going to-- what I'd like to make is a couple-- a porcelain cover for the hands and face so that it actually looks like perhaps-- it won't draw immediate suspicion, but if it does, it will look like somebody with an artificial limb, maybe they've been hurt. I am. I've got the kiln. Instead of porcelain, I'm going for the ceramics that I use for some of my build. It's more practical. I've been working on some jewelry shit, I could genuinely learn how to do this. I'm willing to have this-- Can I roll to see? Because I have a kiln, so I might have it, but I don't know if I have it-- It's more of a metal-use forge. If prototype one fails, I'll make it out of pewter. I'm trusting in Gil, because he also can't make a pot. Mecca lecca high, mecca hiney ho, don't fuck me, Gil. And those pottery tools are-- 22. Thank you for helping me Ghost, by the way. Never mind. That's fine. Hands and face is what I was hoping for. Okay, and we're just figuring out a little easy armature that won't get in his way. And I'm peeking at him, seeing how he works-- You can assist. I'd be happy for an assist, unless you're doing something. Oh, go ahead, okay, that's fine. I'll just work on your robot by myself, then. 21. I'm not saying. You want a-- no, nope, I'm not helping. Never mind. Don't want to help. Critical Role, ladies and gentlemen. Eric Stoltz. Google it. All right, I've got the-- Oh, good God! No, it's-- I mean, like, it's-- We're going to put a little wrap, it'll be fine. Oh, yes, that too. Yes. Yes. Thank God. No, no. In case we're in combat and it comes out, maybe we'll get, like, a momentary element of surprise as they go, 'My God, what is that?' What is this episode? What-- It looks like Lincoln from Disneyland! (all laugh) Boys, I'm so proud of both of you. I'm quite pleased. I'm quite pleased. Good work, everybody. Good work, everybody. Grog? Grog! It's all right! It's all right! It's very expensive, don't break it. Yes, he did. Oh, all of us. Wow, well done. Where did you get the hair? What is it? That's the stealth robe? Oh. You put a magical item on the robot?! (laughs) Now there's a robot with sentimental value. I think it blends into the texture, actually, quite nice. Makes it look like he's seen some shit. I'll buy you a new robe. This is everything I've ever wanted. We have the book. But we have the book. Yeah. Library. It's where I'd put the Ark of the Covenant, certainly. Always. Go with the twins, they're more inclined to violence. And buying things? You like buying things. I can't look away. Thank you, Tary, good luck. Grog, keep an eye on him, make sure that everything's-- Archive. I'm tired-- okay, this is awkward now, we'll just keep-- Jif. I'll do it, that's funny. Okay. It's in the-- wait, no, the book's in the bag. Yes. I rolled a 16. Don't agree with him. That's not fair. 16, investigation. We thought we did, we were not paying attention. I thought we took the book too. It occurs to me it was actually in the bag that Grog was holding. Papier-mâché of evil. No, we didn't have a box. That's exactly what I was looking for, thank you so much. We were hoping for access to some of the deep research archives. We've been looking around, we have several complicated matters that we need to research, and we heard that you had a wonderful collection and we were hoping to gain access to some materials, preferably of the histories of Orcus, the Nine Hells, a few various things. Who could we talk to about special access? I'm sure that there must be somebody in charge. Close enough. (creepy voice) Who wants to talk to the librarian? We would also possibly like to make a donation. And I pull out the Manual of Quickness of Action, place it upon the table. Thank you for ruining that one for me for all time. Well, we'll see what happens now. Hold on to that one. Yes. Well, we are in a bit of a bind. We are members of a traveling group of adventurers known as Vox Machina. We recently helped defeat the Chroma Conclave. Well, the deeds and those things that must be done have not yet been fulfilled. We have just a few last, treacherous events that we must complete before the Chroma Conclave is completely put to rest. One of which has to do with Orcus, and the other with the Nine Hells. And we are desperate for knowledge that may keep us safe in our travels. Prepare us for our enemies. Worth it! Yeah, use that one. That's weird. There, that's better. What is that? Oh-- That's disconcerting. There's quite a bustle today, this is impressive. Not with my toes, no. No! I'm committed! Books that want to get out. I just try and see if I can discern what the other two books are just from looking in and being a nerd. Oh, nothing. All right. Fascinating. Thank you. I suppose we'll sit, and get to it. And I sit down and I open the book. Before I touch it, this doesn't react poorly to people handling it, does it? There's no-- Excellent. I open the first one just to look into-- I do not speak Abyssal. Do you speak Abyssal? And the other book-- -- I open up the Nine Hells, take a look. Okay. I'm going to show you a really weird birthmark, don't panic. Who is my father?! I don't know. I'm going to take a moment also before this happens, open the Common book, take a moment, and gently ask the good sir if they have a reading glass around, because I still don't have any reading glasses. Perfect. I'm going to let you deal with this other end of things, because I'm going to sit and read. Phil. What about the basement way back when? Yeah, remember? But you could ask me. Well, I'm not-- All right. Maybe. I'm reading the book. Do you know the dewey decimal system? I'm skipping specifically through Orcus, and also since she mentions what she's-- Oh, I'm so sorry. Hierarchies. I'm trying to get a general overlay of some of the information if there's a natural enemy for the rakshasas. Any weaknesses, where we can find them. I'm also seeing what the book also specializes in. So anyone lower would be an enemy, anyone higher would probably-- Are there stories of anybody defeating a rakshasa before? Lemures are infernal Pokemon, is basically what you're getting to. So like The Scream? There's a few that have crawled their way up. He's probably going to have centuries getting his shit back together. He's probably really pissed. Do they talk about anything like the children that we saved? The effect of angelic, angelic, why those little angel children-- There's no talk about using celestial power as some sort of weapon against these creatures. Okay, so within evil, there is chaos versus order is kind of the internal conflict of evil. All right. This is all very useful. Flipping. I'm just going to keep skimming. Actually I'm happy to time-pass and we'll revamp that. Can we direct people to the Benny Hill steampunk theme song. I thought you said that we were taking the book. No, we are not. We have it, we have not unveiled it. I'm going to keep reading while they head, you guys if you want to-- Ah, yeah, okay! They're not that clever. So, probably safer. Okay. I'm marking that-- I'm putting a pin on my Pinterest board. Atlas Obscura the hell out of the City of Dis. I don't want to kill Travis. City of Dis seems to be the winner. I'm very excited. Inter-planar travel. I'll sketch a little bit of it out of the book, as well. Dagger, dagger. You get to experience this as a normal person now. I'm so excited. Please a four. Yes! That was amazing. I don't feel good. I would also like to definitely talk about maybe having access later, to come back at some point. Just on our way out. Thank you so much. And I hope that that book finds a proper home and is worthwhile. Thank you for your time. Of our group. Of course. We do. It actually went quite well. Don't they all. Speaking of fathers forcing you to do things, we have to deal with you. We have a starting point for the rakshasa. So, soon, when it's time, step one will be the City of Dis. Dis City. Not this city, but the City of Dis. Did you build Dis city? Oh, yes! Hi. Yes, this is-- Yes. Are you going to hold on-- Do we have a bag to put that in? It's in Los Angeles. We're going to drop it off, I think. You think? Can we destroy this book? The fear I have with the book is of course if we keep it, we keep it out of the hands of everyone, save those who are finally strong enough to best us. No, no. Oh. Oh. That's a terrible idea. I kind of like it. That's not a good thing. I think it's a good idea. That may not be a good thing. Yes. Find a bar! Yes. I feel the same. I like that most things are better now. Not everything, but it's a brighter world, even for us. I do too. I'll do my best to keep him in the forefront. And as for you I like the version of you that's not afraid. So let's go meet this terrible thing, drop off the book, get you feeling a bit better. Fuck. (clears throat) I was envious of you once. God. So sorry. (sighs) Just so you know, it is your duty to have some joy in the meantime. You do know that, right? You're no use to her a wreck. She needs a man. Have a fucking beer. And I slap him on the ass as we walk towards the pub. I shove Keyleth at him. Fix that, good god. Ahh. Couture. That's sweat, yes. Yeah. Ah, where are Grog and Taryon? Grog, Taryon! We're at a bar, where are you? No, we're just starting. You-- Is that Taryon? Tell him we say hello. I need to talk to Taryon. Tell Taryon to take you where we all are right now Just have him bring us to us-- I'll give you directions. It'll be fine. Why don't you two come join us? Yes? Are you sure? We're drinking. You can join. All right, I'm going to send you the psychic information of where we are right now. Can't you just bullshit? You have to actually look up the real name? Yeah. It's-- the other bar would actually be enough. Isn't that amazing? I've gone beyond the veil. I've gained such power. No, I want you to come straight to the bar. Straight to the bar. I was thinking about something else. No, you just heard me thinking about something else. You'll get there. I have every faith. Get him-- Get him a giant glass of half Guinness, half whatever cider they have. Rich people get drunk. Oh, do you want something fancy? Okay, I take the black and tan. And I get him a tiny glass of creme de menthe. (laughs) I don't know how to feel a little awkward in saying I'm not sure I want to waste it on you. But-- I wait for her to nod. Okay, that's enough. Oh dear. I pull up-- I tip the barman because I'm showing him that I'm pulling something out for some glassware. Because I'm not an asshole. Well-- And then I pour a little bit of the Tear Whiskey. Of the Green Tear. It's mean. It's minty. You'll love it. We have it every year. Okay, do you actually want me to answer? You can say yes, it's all right. It's not going to get weird. That's all right. I'm going to tell you anyway. See this belt? It's got a series of these little-- -- things on. Those are mostly filled with little bits of gunpowder I have wrapped up in the thing. These last four are liquor. Sh. That's how I can just stand everywhere among their being idiots, is I'm really trashed. Yeah. Oh yeah. No, I'm-- well. I like to-- -- drink what we-- the locals. What? Oh-- This is so-- Oh. Hm. For those of you at home, this thing has been just driving us nuts. Half full. He'll have a glass of something half full. Thank-- Leave that there. No. Wait. Doty. Doty. Did you actually expire two soldiers? You ask and he listens to you. Ask him if he actually just hurt, or if they're-- Maybe he just punched them a couple times. Ah, that's close enough. Did you? I'm joining in on this insight check. I call bullshit. 13. Fuck. I'm feeling slightly better but slightly worse? We let the bear come into bars. That's fair. Are we still buying this? Is this blood on the-- yep-- Oh, that's good. Whose vomit was this? This game is a nightmare. Oh no. Did you go to that guy? Natural 20. Whose vomit is this? I still feel like I would like an answer to the mystery of the vomit. How can you tell? I pour him a little bit of the Tear Whiskey. All right. Keep drinking. A toast to mistakes-- -- and to terrible consequences, to failure. Ooh. Bravo! We'll cover that at the next drink. I think it's time to turn in. I'm going to run-- I'm going to get a little bit of the hardest alcohol that they have, preferably a clear alcohol, and ask them if they have any chicken, like-- or some sort of meat that they're about to throw away. Stop it. I pop it and I'm just going to try and start solventing away the glue with grease, with fatty grease and alcohol. Yeah, I'm just going to try and get this thing off. Let me try and remove the hair too. We'll have it cleaned, dear. It looks like the kindergarten class attacked it. Fucker. SAM and Arsehole, where did you go? Fuck. They're huge. Sorry. That was really inappropriate. I know. No, we got this. It's okay. But part of being-- Don't think of it as a thing that evens out, think of it as an ever-increasing debt that doesn't really ever get paid. Cheers. No. Lavender, white, blue, gold, silver. I might add, you do-- Part of taking a crest is that you actually do get to build something of your own. We do. I was-- I feel like I've been negligent. That we've not been-- Yes, we should get to that. I only know because we've talked about that. Ooh. Oh no. (groans) So I believe you just set up a lifetime of unreasonable expectations. I was wondering about that. Well that works, well done. Whoa. Ow. I came up with great formal wear for you, too. It's a shame we didn't get a chance. I figured you out. All right. I'm very proud I came up with an idea. How long have you been working on that speech, man? That was nuts.