For real-real, not for play-play. Grog pranking. Everybody loves Grog pranking. We had to fluff it up a bit. Especially for you, we had to, we had to fluff. Just act like you know. It's cool. Like Star Wars, just hold it until it's over. Keep workshopping that. (sings Benny Hill theme) Oh, yeah. My girlfriend made cookies for-- I'll put this one on the-- There's also some whipped cream if you want to dip. Sorry. Scanlan stocking cookie there. I was making an evil shadow. Evil shadow. You picked it up. Like properly. What's she wearing right now? This is why it's Christmas. What if we just tie the dress around our neck? I would not say no to a Ring of Lightning Resistance. I've got plans. At the moment, it's the only way to charge my glove. More corpse picking to do. Gilmore's Glorious Cloaks. (groans) For the orphans, man. Okay, I'm going to spend most of my time organizing the affairs of the castle and the local government and making sure that there's institutions in place, getting rid of anybody who might still have sympathies towards the Briarwoods. Helping re-establish the Zenith and the Ladies' Chamber. Spending some time with my sister. I have two items that I would like to look at. Well, I have three items that I would like to look at. Sylas's sword and his amulet. Brooch! Really, Travis? Damn. I don't know, it's a piece of paper. It's pretty cool. It's called a Brooch of Living Essence and it basically masks the wearer's alignment, essence, whether they're good or evil, they can't be seen by Detect Magic spells. Is it? Either this or Vax. This would be an interesting thing for either-- What do you have in your-- brooch? Nothing in your neck slot? Don't say that! The sword. And Ripley's gun. Goddamn it. (whimpers) No. (laughter) I'm going to gently put it down. I don't know what to do about this (laughs). This is really disturbing. (whimpers) (laughs) Wow-- I don't think I should tell any of you. God, you've given me so much to think about. It's really unfortunate. I'm definitely going to take at least a week of our two weeks to think about the sword. Sleep on top of it. It's in my room. No. Is it a two-handed sword or a one-handed sword? Goddamn it. Yeah, I know, which is why I shouldn't have given him that brooch. Goddamn it. I may ask for that brooch back. God damn it. No, I had a-- I also wanted to work on Ripley's gun. Okay. I'm going to start making some ammo for it. And I'm going to work on it. Not terribly difficult. I don't think it's in two weeks, but when we go home, I'll work on it. I know, I like them too... I hate you. You're a terrible person. It's a little big, actually. Oh, which is-- well, yeah. Strength is 12. Which is why I was thinking about having it cut down and melted down into something more useful. You know, this is actually pretty badass if I did give it to Grog. Yeah. I'm going to let you know we should keep an eye on him, just in case. It is an amazing sword. You haven't read it yet? It's so magical. At speed of mule. Oh, I'll go in for this one as well. Carry on. It's good. She's good. Not really. It's okay. I'll do both, actually. 20. I would say it's to your right, right there. It could, but it's there. Because it's not anywhere else other than there. Well, you're welcome to go in, if you like. You'll have to give him a gold coin, though. No, I'm choosing on the right. Well, I am a dark evil demonic creature. Yes. Just Percy. Yes. So accurate. Very astute. Turn your sadness into victory. (laughs) Wow. Yeah! No! All right. Come on on a rampage with me! I'm Percival. Yes. I was going to sit here and watch you roll them. I wore my pajamas. My muppet pajamas. Oh, this is quite interesting. "Vox Machina, a little bird tells me you have been "playing the heroes again. Keep this up, and the whole world will end up indebted to you. Please "accept this small gift in the spirit of Winter's Crest, as a token of my enduring gratitude. "Perhaps it will prove useful in a difficult moment. In the meantime, I look forward to a "fuller account of your deeds reaching us in Vasselheim. A joyous Crest to you all. It seems "you have earned it. Lillith." "P.S., Zahra sends her greetings." I tuck the private note away and put it in my pocket. Perhaps a small ice egg. We open the box. It's been a while since we had a visual aid. I don't know what you're talking about. No. No. It's cold. Very cold. She was great, wasn't she? Zahra is great, as well. The clouds disperse, the immediate danger over, but the royal family lies on the throne room floor, catatonic. Upon inspection, their souls are missing and their bodies failing. The party recalls the four glowing orbs they recovered from the Clasp headquarters behind Modeth, now identified as soul jars, and through a rigorous and tense evening, all souls are successfully restored to the family. A few days pass, and Sovereign Uriel Tal'Dorei calls the party for audience. He thanks them all for their bravery, heroism, and for saving him, his family, and quite possibly all of Emon. As thanks, he offers them a place on the Tal'Dorei Council and informs them of his intent to throw another Winter's Crest festival to make up for the ones ruined in Westruun, and here via assassination attempt, where they will be celebrated as heroes! He has also commissioned the construction of a keep for them on the outskirts of Emon as a sign of his very deep gratitude. A week later, the festival begins! The populace is out in full force to meet and celebrate Vox Machina, but during the festivities, the party notices Uriel's son Gren speaking to another child-- one with black hair and golden eyes. They immediately spring to apprehend the child, but he escapes with Uriel's son. They give chase, following him into an alley, and through a portal of some kind. The party finds themselves atop a large island drifting through the Astral Plane, surrounded by a perilous bramble forest. They fight their way through, eventually coming upon a gothic mansion towards the center of the landmass. Within, the party makes their way to the inner library, where numerous kidnapped children are working all about the place, cleaning nervously. The Dread Emperor, as he calls himself, stands from his chair, the child illusion fading into a golden-armored man with long, black hair, four children chained at the neck to his breastplate. He attacks the party with fierce magic, mind-controlling all of his child servants to attack as well. With the first blow dealt, they realize that damaging him also hurts the chained children, one boy accidentally falling in battle to Keyleth's magic. Eventually, they succeeded in destroying the Dread Emperor and return to Emon with a host of lost children, happily now found. Six months of peace follow as their new keep is constructed, and the party scatters to their separate business until its completion. Upon their return, they assess their new abode with delight, naming it Greyskull Keep. They then send out job inquiries, seeking guards for hire, and servants. After an impromptu try-out, they settle upon their new hires. To a lumberjack. Old Spice commercial. Make it happen. Brian Blessed. My favorite kind of pie. All right. Of course. I know. Yes. It was really not my birthright. I was not raised to rule. I still have work to do outside the city. Ripley's still on the loose and knows far too much. And I feel more than a little responsible for her and what she may do. Honestly, Cassandra had a better upbringing than I did for this sort of work. They expect better of us, I know. I understand. We are held to a different standard. And it's difficult. Perhaps it's time for a council. Perhaps it's time for shared rule. There should always be a de Rolo in Whitestone, but perhaps we could share the weight. Yennen, would you be comfortable sharing some of this burden? I think the de Rolos keep the castle, but I think we use the castle to-- Quintumverate. Five. A religious leader, someone from the farming communities, someone from the economic community, someone from the trade community-- From the citizenry. From some known community, yes. Interests will be thought of and there will always be a noble to be a tiebreaker when necessary and to judge from a place of (sighs) greater good. All things considered, I think that you're more trustworthy than I am, at this point. Let's not forget that I was the one who let you down first. I'm going to give her one of the stones. You're going to be so happy when we have instant access to the treasury. If anything bad should happen, if there's any need of quick retreat or quick communication, this is a one-way trip to us. And in return, this is a one-way trip for us to you, in case of emergency. You were born for this. You were instructed in how to do this, where I never was. I will organize-- Let's not forget that within six hours of meeting each other, I ended up handing over an enormous sum of money to you. It was quite a bit of gold, if I recall. You have it written down, don't you? That's so endearing. Yes? Really? (laughs) All right. All right. In that case-- Alcohol does make everything better. You're doing very well. Thank you. I won't forget. I can't even think of what the revenge felt like anymore. It's not... it doesn't weigh on me. Just regret. Of how much better I could have been. Thank you. I will try to be better. That's my plan. (laughs) You're strange, you know that? No, we like it. Don't change. Boonzy Arts candle. Scent-sy Saxecutioner. Did you have a thing, Zac? Lucas! What a perfect time to get your friends hooked. Hail the new king!