Oh, wow. They both stop and just kinda go, "Uh... (laughing) "Are you seeing what I'm seeing?" The human's like, "Yeah." And there's just a moment of pause there, and Kaylee's looking at you like... Okay, really quick, here's your motivation. You're a dead Goliath, you were killed in combat by one of your own. And you probably sound really scary and fucked up. Ready, go. Okay I tell her I am Stonejaw Strongjaw. She puts her hands together and clasps almost like the grass reeds that you blow into. But as she speaks into her hand, it sends out these rippling, kind of... Almost like a heat distortion that kind of just scatters out from her hand and outside of this central illusion, you hear a voice, comes booming forward, "I--" All right, um, since we're birds. I want to take it, just an occasional high-level... Circle around, just to see what's up. Okay, both of you guys roll perception checks. Uh, 18. I'll get low. Okay, you don't see anybody coming towards that direction that resembles the individual that you met that one time before. Okay, fine. I'm gonna go looking. However, what you do notice is, and you quickly duck out of the way, there are two giant eagles that come coasting over the city in the same direction. (gasps) Two managed not to fall? Two manage to avoid the entire crumbling portion of it and there are three of them that are currently holding onto the edges and trying to pull themselves back up. Can I find, I want to find a good enough vantage point where I'm behind them and I can give them a push. Like, from a distance. Yeah. Have some taste. And the next one? Um, that's 17, 27, 30 to hit. Plus the push. He gets pushed, falls off the edge, catches his arm on the side, and begins pulling himself up. Now there's four of them that are currently now about to start climbing up outside of this, this collapsed portion of earth, but the earth is still crumbling beneath them, as they're trying-- I cast, I cast Hail of Thorns and shoot in the cluster of them. Okay. Go ahead and make the... The Hail of Thorns, it is-- That's obscene. With that, the blade sinks into the top of the skull of the one. The Goliath's trying to pull himself out. As it hits, his arms just go limp and he falls backward and disappears beneath the earth. And just in case, I'm using my bonus action to hide. (laughing) None goth'er than thou. Sail! Sail! (laughing) All right, you guys watch as the other two guys stand up, getting out, (grunts) and look about. You are now still standing out in the middle of a thoroughfare, you're hiding off behind the... One of the chunks of rubble and rock that permeate the outside of the wall in places. You guys are still hidden. I'm observing. Okay. So. As you're watching and you're heading off that direction, Grog, he comes forward, in your face, what do you do? I would like to rage. (laughing) Also, I'd like to keep an eye out for the eagles as well. That is a really good chasm. Way off in the middle of fuck-all. Percy's like (babbling) Action surge. Oh, action surge? (groans) So this would be 11 points of slashing damage, reduced to six. Or five, actually, for you. That is... 14 points slashing damage reduced to 7. Okay. "Keep one alive." And keeping an eye on the hawks. You can let him stand before the chasm. Just... God, we're mean. Efficient. 21. He's wriggling! It's my turn? Well, I look to him and I say, "I will let you fly from here if you answer this question. "Is Kevdak or Zanror in the city?" Make a persuasion check. No, this would be intimidation. Intimidation, not persuasion. This is how Goliaths prom dance. Uh, 8. You Wile E. Coyote'd that guy! Oh, man. Shit. I don't know that. I haul ass back. Heading back. Do I see them, do I see the group? We've cleared the area, more or less, yeah? Okay, good. I can't drop it in and out. Please, please, God! Make another deception check with disadvantage. Hello? Oh, I've been watching those things. Right. And as you're having this discussion, they notice up her float up and kind of see you guys moving in towards the city. One of them just turns around, heads back to the center of town. 19. Yeah, can I get in on that as well? Into the pit? Into the pit? Uh, no, this is more inside the city right now. Damn. But she was 250 feet up! That turned out to be about 100 feet up. That still sounds pretty bad! Really bad. Is that other one still looking? Yep. Yep. And so she's falling, you hit her, one of the wings and she begins plummeting downward, not able to gather air at the moment underneath the wings. Are you taking your second shot? Uh, sure, I'll just take, and for this one, I'm gonna be an asshole and just take a sharpshooter shot. I had to reload in the middle, so like-- Yeah. I'm, like, skeet shooting here. I'm staying on the roof. Moving around the chasm you create, you head inside the western gate of Westruun at this point. Figure out which end is up first. I need a really good check. My investigation's not very good. It's your dad! Oh! (laughing) 20. 20. You take a quick glance over, checking where any ceremonial markings of the Ashari are, none. This individual appears to be more of a primal-based Druidic talent. There are tattoos, pretty basic, various animal totems that are inscribed on the body. You're familiar with this form of druidic magic. It's a less-refined version of what the Ashari people learn and teach. An acrobatics check? Thank you. It's Batman! 18. You glance up and you see the dangling, kicking feet of Percy underneath a broom that just (wooshing noise) across the top of that. All right. I didn't know there was room on there! They're traveling, yes? Yeah, they're traveling back inward to the city. All right. Well, that's good. I can't, I probably can't catch up. I'm just gonna keep hoofing it. What was your plan? My plan was to send all the Goliaths, all of them, out through the main gate. Did they all come through the main gate? No. No, definitely not. A distraction from what? Let's... Here's the thing. Pike, do you know this house? Doesn't that sound like the house that-- That's Wilhand's house. Wilhand's house is on the-- in the temple district stands out because it's a small little, like, red brick area. The one that he's talking about is more of a classic kind of dark wood with red brick outside, like the way he described it was it's very colonial-style, but like with a brick base built around it. Is that not the leader of, the guy that runs the Westruun-- That was Master Quall's house. Master Quall. Master Quall was just the master. He's his own little-- We shouldn't wait. We shouldn't wait. Then we just do it. Those of us with distance, we make, we find positions around the square. Not in half an hour. I'm good. That's what I would say is my plan, if you feel like walking, we can point guard you from a distance and make sure if anyone tries to attack. Yes. That would be perfect, if you're willing to... No, that's, that can't, you don't still have the house that you can summon, do you? Of course I do. Can we put that door somewhere and start sending people, if we liberate them, to it? Of course we can. However, it would have to be somewhere close to where the hostages are. They would definitely see their hostages jumping into a magical hole-- We could put your magical hole inside of a building and send people into the building so that it's got, like, double cover. And if anyone finds your magical hole, they can jump in it, or do they have to have permission? By the way, so many jokes, so many jokes. (laughing) Resisting. You're being very good. Very firm on this one. What happens if you lure a Goliath and orc into the magical hole, do they get stuck in there? I imagine they'll have a lovely chicken dinner. Yeah, 'cause after 24 hours, they get kicked out. That's good to know. You don't have to. You can send a couple of us to go check in. I grab the stone. Go check, come back-- She can go check, and she'll be back within 60 seconds. She has to get there, she's the worst at stealth. That's very fair. But we can send someone and have them right back. I mean, it's not... What if she, what if we go there and we find him, and then what, you can pop back, but he's alone? You can't pop two people back with the stone. I'll go. I can pop us back. We can send him back, and then I can get back on my own. You don't know where you're going. Pike, can you tell me how to get there? Yes. I've walked city streets that I've never been in before. We can start getting into our positions and then when you're done, you can join one of us. What's gonna be the benefit of finding him before the fight, as opposed to after? That's fair. Well, unless they're holding him. Unless they're holding him. But they wouldn't be holding him, because they don't expect us, they don't know it's us that's coming. Well, then he's either safe in his house, or he's in the middle of the town square. Either of which-- She has a fair point. I push her towards him. Give him a hug for good luck. 34. 21. All right. Grog is not going stealthy, or are you just walking through? (hums exciting music) Natural 20. Oh, 21. 24. 39. 12? Plus 10? Yeah. Two of them? Two of them, yes. There was a countdown. 18... 24 for the first hit, no, 22 for the first hit. Eventually. Eventually. 24. Then 12. Hostages heading towards you just run, just run and hide. Just run and hide. I'm not with them. Maybe he has a magic vault, it might be fun. That's true, he might have a magic vault. I don't know if that's a real thing... I just don't remember that either, so. Scanlan, you want to do anything about this? Of course I do. I'm going to run up to her and just hold her by the hand. Do they see us at this point? They are right around the corner, you see shadows beginning to approach across the road. Scanlan, the mansion, open the mansion in a store. He can do whatever he wants, don't tell him what to do. Are they going to see us if they round the corner? Yes. I hold her by both hands and I Dimension Door us to the rooftop. Ix-nay on the argue-jay! You really did it, you son of a bitch. You weren't kidding. (laughter) I'm finding perch on a rooftop, so that I can deal with this shit. This is a great idea. Is it possible to move the camera to get the house? I was flanking. Ashley or Pike? I'll take the 3 o'clock, if the house is 12, I'll take the 3 o'clock. 6 o'clock, 9 o'clock, 12 o'clock. Okay, I need you to go ahead and roll stealth check as well, as you move up there, make sure you're not seen. Where are the rest of you? 1984 with it. Yeah, but this may not be the moment though. It's early. Oh my God, oh my God. That ends your turn. Now Kevdak, who's kind of laughing to himself. (laughs evilly) I hate when he does that. Why, what could that possibly mean? Does he get advantage on that? No, I'm just trying to-- I'm trying to keep us aware of everything as possible. Pike an I are going to just inch forward on the rooftop, to get just a little closer. Yeah, can I do the same in my elemental form? Like, can I just mist kind of down around kind of right behind this asshole? What's up, I'm a spooky mist. This is one quarter of the square. All right. Grog, it's your turn. You said I can attack from having a pole shoved through my shoulder? Oh my god. So you take, all right. 17 points of slashing damage. Oh no, no advantage. We'll take a photograph, that's what iPhones are for. Tune in next week. Goliath balls are blue. Goliath balls are so blue. That's true, you haven't done a thing. Has he done any damage to him at all?