I have Clarota, but the mask is currently on its way here because I didn't have nearly enough coffee. So on the break there will be a giant squiddy mask that is terrible, just terrible. It's the worst thing. I'll give it a shuffle. Liam, do you want to shuffle? The fourth card down. So, this card here will be-- It's like Nicholas Cage as a cat. It is, in fact, See Invisibility! (cheering) Remarkable Nicholas Cage impersonator, too, it's really amazing. These are not the magic theme. Too soon, guys, too soon. Just too soon. Camp Crystal Lake, oh that makes me happy. That one's going to fail you every time, now. We're doing that. So cute! Stop, I can't make eye contact. I'm sorry, it's okay. We'll get there. Pat that tuft of hair down. About two days. Also going to head towards the castle. And we should drop off some of our spoils. I would imagine the treasury room is where it can be. He's going to the sheets. Like a body in a carpet. Well? We have to go to the treasury. We have a couple hours. We need to talk to people. We need to find out where this meeting's being held, if it's being held downstairs or if it's being held in the battle room. Well, maybe he won't. This meeting may be the beginning of something very violent or this may be the start of something; I don't know. But be prepared perhaps that this meeting may be on moment. Don't think about it. Don't plan. Don't have any thoughts in your head. You can't lie about anything. Do not lie to her about anything. And one of the ways we can lie best is by truthfully saying we have no plans against her right now because we have no plans against her right now. The more we talk, the more she will be able to perceive our deceptions, if we have any. Be very careful. This is going to be very dangerous. There's going to be a lot of improvisation. Honestly, we should have assumed that they could hear all of our plans from the beginning. (sighs) My fault, really. Well, we are very good at being spied on. And even if we do, even if we were to get rid of her, there's no sense in believing that they still don't know everything we're doing. And let's hope that we're downstairs, and if we're not downstairs, there's still options. One would assume we have a tanner in Whitestone. Seeker Asum? We're going to talk, we're going to listen, and we're going to be prepared for anything. We're going to talk, we're going to listen, and be prepared for anything. The work speaks for itself, really. I love you, Travis. Life is failing the Bechdel Test so hard right now. Sorry. (laughs) Carry on. No, I did not see that coming. No, no, no. You can have some pocket money, but-- Well what are you going to do with it? No! Absolutely-- Ten platinum is an awful lot. (stage whisper) Don't do it! I am! No! Excellent. No! I'm going to try to find Allura. I'm going to leave them to their madness. I'm going to try and find Allura and Cassandra or anybody I can find in the castle at this point. Yes. And down one dragon. Thank you. Two more to go. It's going to get a little heavier at this point. What was that, again? Two more to go. I fear that it's possible that Whitestone itself may eventually be a target of an attack. I feel it may be inevitable. Quickly to check. I would know what languages Cassandra spoke, correct? Elven, Celestial, Common. Okay. I figured. That was my guess. I wanted to confirm. I hand her a small slip of paper that I have written in Elven "Be prepared for anything "today. Keep silent." I think so. I do think so. It's good to see you taking command. Yes. Quite possibly. We will discuss whence the dragons are taken care of. We will discuss, at the very least, relieving you of some of this burden. I know it is not fair. No, I'm fine with that. My last thing is, I'm going to quickly run and have a quick conversation privately with-- I assume we have some sort of royal jeweler of some kind, or somebody who does some of the ornamental work. I'm going to write and send a letter off for that. I assumed it was shoddy masonry and everything was leaking. Be ready for anything. I pull a chair out for Asum, and I'm going to offer him the chair and sit. And pull one out extra for myself. A deal was made with the locals. We brought the dragon to an appointed kill spot outside of the city. We summoned a creature. There was a battle. And we felled it. That was more or less how it went down. It was a simple trap, it was elegant, and we barely survived. Yes. It was inevitable. I get up, I walk to the window, and I look out the window. We're not going to be safe here for much longer, that much is certain. We will need to move quickly. Do you think perhaps it's best to skip one and hope for the element of surprise? Maybe he thinks we're going to finish off his generals before we come to him. It may be a brief moment of surprise. If anything, maybe he's expecting us to kill one more, not go for the main prize. Maybe. Can we lure it somewhere else, perhaps? I think-- There was a ship in Draconia, a northern ship of some kind. I still feel there may be some sort of weapon inside it that may prove useful. It was a ship that had been dragged there by the white dragon. It's been bothering me. And then of course we have whatever it is we have downstairs. I'm not saying we should use it, but it is powerful. This is war. What of Whitestone? We put the city at great risk. How much risk are we willing to take? A way to sever his connection to the Fire Plane, maybe. Another ally. We have one other possible option in front of us. Show them the medal. You're not going to show them the medal? Not that, no! No, not that. Please don't whip that out, no one wants to see that. We have another ally that we have spoken of. I slowly walk around the table, thinking hard about it. And I stab Seeker Asum three times in the back with my sword. That's a surprise attack. We have a lot of people in the room. That's 29. No tricks in here. No tricks in here, if we're really going to do this. If we're really going to do this, no tricks in here. Don't trust a man who just kissed somebody! That's a man who's saying fuck it. It was me all along! Oh hell no! I can't see or hear a thing. No, it's really uncomfortable! Why would you do that? What is wrong with you people? I can't really claim sanity. I just did something mind-bendingly stupid. A dream to some, a nightmare to others. (laughter) Go see Excalibur. Not right now, but tomorrow. I immediately sheath and say No more tricks. If we're going to do this, we need everybody to know what's on the table. We're either going to win, or we're not. I was hoping you were going to take care of that. You know damn well that we're not allies. You know damn well that this is a tenuous relationship. And you know that neither of us trust the other. We'll get there. I would hope that you wouldn't trust us, and I would hope that you understand that we don't trust you. But we need to make a real plan now. I'm hoping for a conversation to start that I promised I wouldn't start myself. I am trying to keep to the letter of my word. Seeker Asum, do you have an opinion on how you would like to proceed? The floor is yours if you wish to tell everyone what the real plan is. I will confirm everything but "for quite some time" to the room. Now we can have a real conversation about what's going on. We have an ally on the inside, albeit an untrustworthy one. You'll pardon that, but there's every possibility that this is an elaborate trap. I respect your intelligence far too much to try and pretend otherwise. You understand certainly what I mean? Having this on the table, we now know that there's every possibility that the red dragon knows everything. There's every possibility that we're walking into a trap. Or there's every possibility that we have an insatiably powerful ally. It is a terrible risk. Also a terrible risk. It can't be destroyed. I think if I might translate. What my friend here is trying to relate is that, perhaps when the dust has settled, your salvation may either be found in the withering corpse or cackling smile of a creature that you are subservient to, who will take great delight in your destruction. Or perhaps in those you've aided who will feel grateful. And I will advise her to take no revenge until all cards are on the table. Unfettered I'm fine with. It's unwatched-- She's already left. This is the deal that we are offered. This is the deal that's on the table. We are in a tenuous position of power. How do we get in contact with you when we know when we move and how? That is the question. Now that everything's on the table, I'm sorry to shock everyone. I was hoping not to be the cause of it. I was hoping that it was time for everything to be on the table. But this is actually what we're dealing with. This is the complexity. This is the battlefield. No, the more distance that we keep, the better. Yes. She will probably be, I imagine, in our way on occasion. Can you cut off that information? I would imagine that would be far too much. I don't think we're going to get him away-- What if he knew where we were? What if you knew where we were? What if we found a place? We pick our battleground. He discovers where we're hiding. And Raishan discovers this information. You are searching for us right now, are you not? If he knew where you were headed. You wouldn't even have to tell us where you were hiding. You could just hide. And we could ready ourselves. Now that I know your tricks. We actually do, now that I think about it. It does. It's not the first devil I've made a deal with. Doesn't always turn out terribly, either. We're actually going to have to have a conversation with the Clasp, because we're going to purge the city once the dragon is gone. We will start figuring out and discussing a place for the final battle. We will find a place that is advantageous. Your input, if you feel the urge to give it, is always welcome. At least to me. Your supposed death will go far for that. As long as everything is on the up and up, and as long as we do not catch you in deep deceit. We will make sure that the plan moves in the direction it is meant to. He's going to send Asum to us. And has been since Raishan's appearance in Whitestone. Now, can we maybe make sure that everybody in the room is who they say they are? I apologize. I didn't know what else to do. I've told no lies in this room. I tell that creature no lies. Ever. That is a green dragon. There is no tricking it, there is no deceiving it. There is just telling as much truth as you can get away with. Which is why I would ask everyone to please not antagonize it. I've moved the battle. That is the best that I know how. Two days. Two days. The day before we left to kill the white dragon. This was the best way I knew to keep her from destroying this city outright. This was the best way that kept her from telling the red dragon where we are. And the longer that we can keep her a tenuous ally, the longer Whitestone will stand. I think so. We send word of a dead dragon. Which is why if Keyleth can figure out a way to cure her of this disease, it takes a big card off the table. We have more than that, because it's going to take quite a while. That's how long we have to make a plan. She's going to be expecting that, and it will not work. First, is everybody who they say they are? Please, if you would be so kind. So why don't we move the war room now? It just won't grow while he's down there. All right. Not yet. After the meeting. It's a guy on a scaffold with a scrub brush going, "Ew. Ew." And this also means it would probably be impossible to scry in this room. Excellent. This is where all talk must happen now. So now you know what we've been dealing with for the past 72 hours. She did help with the death of that dragon. In fact, I doubt we would have survived without her aid. She could have very easily left us there to die. At least it appeared diseased. And she knows where we are. And what our plans are. And every inch of this place. Including this thing. She's not going to. Our best bet is maybe-- hopefully enough of us still have our strength. Maybe at the end if she has been ravaged by the red dragon. Our hope is to break the stone. Only because no one has. Yes, which I don't think should have been possible. Supposedly. What holds it there? It's a shame we can't open a giant door and push it down here. We can't do it. It's a shame we can't open a giant door and push the dragon in here. We couldn't do it. It won't work. Because that side of the door won't open by its very nature. No door can be opened to this room. No one can get in or out without someone walking. I'm trying to even conceive of a machine that could move this. But I don't understand why it's here in the first place. It's a shame we couldn't. We have a line in the sand of how close we can get to this thing with magic, correct? In stone. I've got a terrible idea. What happens to magical creatures when they enter the circle? Have we experimented at all to find out what would happen to a magical creature? A creature whose very essence is magic? (sighs) There's no humane way to do this. And even if they do go back to their plane, they may not be able to in there, they may wither and actually die. I just wanted to put that on the table. I don't want to lie to you about this. I've been practicing intense levels of honesty, if not telling the whole truth. We have time. In a day. In a day she returns. We chose a place, we move our forces in there. We have days where she could be looking for us, and then when she disappears it's going to take a day or two for him to really find out. It will be about three to four days before anything actually happens. It actually is quite like Dallas. I think that's a very reasonable comparison. I have a plan. It will take a little bit of time, but it's vicious. It probably wouldn't work. Well, let's find out what happens to a creature inside here before we-- Something small. We're on one side of the line. Send it to the other, see what happens. This may be, by the way, how we deal with Raishan. Pixie's fine? Can you make the pixie do something? Try and have the pixie do something magical. It's all right, you did very well. How do you feel? Do you feel all right? Tinkerbell. Why don't you let it leave? No no no, don't do that! That's right, I don't know. I've already done my dumb stuff for the day. It would've been so badass! (whines worriedly) (sighs) Yes. So. I have an interesting request which may end up being too complicated. I'm not sure. Can we build a teleportation sigil directly above it? Outside of its range? Can we build one in the hallway leading to this room? As long as we have some way of knowing what point at which we re-enter this room. Then we at least have a way of having it chase us into its range. Or better still, if we run one way and it runs the other. The cereal shiller has a point. Yes, Grog. You have a point? If we are going to do the Fire Plane, if that is going to happen, then we cannot go until preparations start getting made for the place at which we're going to have this confrontation. We need to pick a point, preferably far from here. Is there a ruined city? Fort Daxio at least does have soldiers already. Everyone, is Fort Daxio where this confrontation is going to happen? We go to Fort Daxio to start everything up. While they prepare, we can maybe make a trip to the Fire Plane once things are prepared. They will not need us to organize the armies and gather forces. We have all the pieces buried underneath every civilian. No, don't do that. That's a very good plan. I think you're mad to think we can do that. I think that you're mad to think we're actually going to see her again before the final confrontation. I think she's going to stay far, far away. I took that shot specifically to see where she was sitting and see where we were sitting with her. It also worked that we found out she wasn't there. I was aware it could go horribly wrong, which is why I was prepared to say something. I'm not saying it was the best plan. Does anybody else have anything to say to this? No, we're preparing all of our forces at Fort Daxio. This is the omelette. Where do we want our allies? Far away from the red dragon? Because right now Raishan could have us all dead. I'm not mad in thinking that trusting this creature is the only option available at this point. I say "trust". Walking in this direction is the only direction available at the moment. Any attempt to counter her at this point leads to our destruction. She has us. You want to hire them... Oh. We're building a trap. Where would you put them? They're not going to be sitting there. We're going to make tactical decisions about where to place everyone in and around the fort. Well, what's your counter proposal? Because I feel like we're making a plan here. They won't all just be in the fort. Everyone is going to be placed. We're going to also create ways of making sure the dragon can't take flight. We're going to make sure that everyone has a purpose and a place. It will not be just a giant swath of people ready to die. We just need everybody in the city. She doesn't know Fort Daxio. Honestly, she's going to have to know. She's going to have to send them. There's nothing we can do about it. That's a good assumption. Even so, there's nothing that she's not going to know, because she is what is luring him out. If we fought him here, she already knows where we are. Right now she knows where we are. She knows everybody that's here. Is this happening? Are we doing this? I'm so excited. Yeah! We have to play this the way we have to play it. It's dangerous, but we have to assume that she will most likely not betray us until the end. They're being good. We have to assume that she has not betrayed where we are yet, which would have been so simple. It would have been so simple just to raze this city to the ground. That is the other option. Go there. It's a fort. We prepare the fort. It is what a fort is for. Why are we not dead right now? Explain to me why we are not dead right now. Because this fight is going to happen. That is why we are not dead right now. It's the only possible explanation that I can conceive of. This fight is inevitable. Once this fight has happened? Oh, we're dead. After this fight, I have no doubt that we are in grave danger. But this fight, this first fight, is going to happen. And we need our forces, and we need them prepared, and we need them not marching into a city. We need them in a city holding siege. Preparing to tackle, to grapple, and to subdue as best we can. To be difficult to find, to be surrounding. We need all of these things, and we cannot do any of these things unless we bring him to a place where all of our power is. Hey! (laughter) Ironically, any town where you go to buy black powder, it's always him. It's really interesting. I don't know why. Does the rest of the council approve of this ridiculous plan? Do you think that they will be agreeable to this plan? Any powers that you can think of, let them know where we are heading. Do not let them know the plan. But let them know that if there are forces to gather, they are gathering in that direction. The more precise details you have in a war plan, the more things that will inevitably go wrong in the first ten seconds. (chants) Dax-i-o. Daxio! No, we plan. I tried to stab a dragon. I swear, I tried. I tried to end the game. I thought the game could totally have been ended right there. Man, I did the math on what that could have done. Had it been a less tricksy dragon, that would have been... Filet of fish! This is a great plan. I am behind this plan 100%. Maybe there will be time to run to the Fire Plane really quick. We'll go to the Fire Plane and get them and we'll pick up an object and we'll fight a dragon. It will be great. The glasses make that weirdly threatening. Get candy from strangers. Do it! It's good for America. Eat candy from strangers.