It was literally bucket list! That was one of the things we discussed when this game started; it could lead to a game with Vin Diesel. It's like a group mass suicide at this point. Antifreeze and lilac. Yes? Hello. (shouting) Help! Natural 20. 28. (cheering) He was sitting here 20 minutes ago. I rubbed him for luck when he was leaving the building. 28. So I just see him up like this? Just for some reference, does it look like he's possessed, or does it look like he's trying to remove something? How insane would it be to try and make a shot beneath his legs? I'm going to drop down. Can I make an aimed shot against something I can't see? Okay, I want 5.1; start here and make it all the way down. I'm going to take an aimed shot for my first shot, and then start firing blindly. It missed. I'm just making sure I didn't misfire. No, I didn't! Thank god. 15. Still hits? 15 hits? Oh, that's 16 points of damage, and he has to make a constitution saving throw to not be knocked prone. Where is my DC? DC of eight plus my proficiency mod, plus my dexterity mod, so 19. I'm going to take two more shots right above his head. I don't? 20. That's 13. No, 13 points of damage. And then 20 again. Nine points of damage. I'm going to stay where I am. And I'm going to keep yelling. Help! I don't think I have an earring. That hits. That does not. I have a technical dispute, really quickly. Could the wraith have gotten that far, since I knocked him prone? Oh, thank you. Never mind. Ignore me! 50?! Keep up, people! Come on. Thank you all, by the way, for leaving a bear on suicide watch. That was really cool. (sighs) There's no way I can fire at the one who's far away from me right now, is there? I can ignore cover, though. I'm going to see if there's a charge left in my glove and try and take the-- there wouldn't be a charge left in my glove, would there? Okay. (sighs) Hold on, sorry. It gets weird when it's up close. Okay. Let's see what we do. All right. There's no way I can step back right now, is there? Okay, I'm going to try and take shots, then. Firing with disadvantage? Screw it, I'm going to take my first one with sharpshooter to see if I can do any damage that way. Nope. Actually, that's a misfire. Okay. Do I have six seconds? Well, it misfired. Okay. I'm going to do something a little weird. I'm going to pull out Bad News. I know I can't shoot this close with it, or god only knows what would happen. I'm going to try and swing it like a pugil stick, and I'm going to try and hit him with the butt of Bad News. 15? 15? Four. 14. I hit it with the stock, I was careful. Yeah, I'm kind of-- yeah. Nope. Armor class is 18. Can I do that crazy thing? Oh, you've removed that. Okay, never mind. I don't have the new update, sorry. I don't have a dodge anymore, right? What is that, a d10? I'm going to use my action to try and clear my gun. What is that again? Did it change since last time? Okay, so it's 11. I'm adding my bonus die. God damn it. Nine. I'm tossing it into my room. I'm using an action surge. Actually, can I even do that? Yes, I'm going to use my action surge, and I'm going to walk over to the wraith on the ground, put the barrel of Bad News up to it, and pull the trigger. Is he not? I'm just going to try and shove it until I hit something and then pull. 22. 19. If you fail, I get to scream in your ear. I get a grit point back. I have to use one to reload. I have one more attack, but I've already-- I didn't move. I'm going to try and roll around the corner and I'm going to take another shot. 27. 19 points of damage. Sorry. I'll make an arcana check, too. Not going to sleep down there. I'm going to go into my workshop. 17. I'm fixing my gun. Is it the whole cost or half? Half cost. Oh my god, that's awful. Okay, tinkering check. 12. Technically, that would be a success. Oh, I was asleep. I wasn't with them, so I just woke up really early. 75 gold. I was going to be at the door. I don't feel like doing that. Oh. Lead on. I really don't. I think we're here because I wasn't prepared. Nine. Nope. I think we are in the situation we're in because we now know how much we don't know. How much I don't know. I'm not prepared. If we face them now, I'm going to get you all killed. Well, that's just weird. I'm still weirded out. How soon will you return? I still feel I owe everybody an apology. I still feel terrible about dragging you all into this and putting you in danger. If you're with me, we can be prepared for them this time. We know enough to prepare ourselves, we can have ourselves ready this time. I think a week to prepare is reasonable. And then we leave. We leave quietly. I've been avoiding it for too long, and now I know too much. Hold on, I'm going to hold you before you go. I just wanted to say, I'm so sorry and thank you. And thank you for doing this for me. I fear my temper before this weight is lifted from my heart. I do not wish to lose myself like that again, and I am so sorry for everything I've done. I will do my best to maintain myself. I apologize. I'm going to finish up those things that we talked about earlier, spend some time making some ammunition, and I'm going to attempt to build what we were talking about earlier. 24. No, I used that. Okay. 11. They're not hard. I say that as, like, knowing my actual skill level, I could make one. I could make a collapsible one, where it's basically a one-third dodecahedron, like an observatory. Story-wise it's more amusing. It's copper. At this point I have less than 100 gold. But it will fold. 22. There shouldn't be a glass piece-- aw, man. What, could we put it on the Mending Wheel? 22. (sighs) I can always use this for spare parts for other things. I've already built a smoke bomb and some rounds of bullets. All right, I'll put a little more time in this. Can I get some inspiration for this, too, if that would be possible? Come on, come on. 23? Okay. I'm going to put these away for a later time, and if I have one more day, I would like to work on-- We've got it taken care of. That's my week, okay. Say what? You're busy this week. This is made of things. I don't like the nose yet. It's too low. Was that a jab at my-- No, never mind. Oh god. Yeah. Just going to let the guards know to watch our guest while we're away. Keep him under protection. I think so. Yes. And you say? (gargles water during Marisha's speech) You know, you can speak English, you don't have to-- Yeah, I know where we're going. We head to Turst Fields. Turst Fields is just northeast of Westruun. It's where we would make our camp. I'm going to draw out a crude map while we make our way so I can let you all know where we're going. Can I share my map? You know I've forged all of our documents? You are aware of that, right? Any time we've needed papers. I would prefer not the direct route. Can you say that anything that is not laced with sexual innuendo? I would prefer taking that direction. I don't want to head straight towards them. The Parchwood Forests are dangerous as they are. There's really no safe way. I want to inspect it from an engineering perspective, if that's possible. Ten. That's quite a good idea! It's a ten. Once you're across, let's secure the rope that's attached to you, and we'll make ourselves a guideline that we can hang onto. Clever! Ten. Yeah! 26. Is it something I would know? 21. Can we find a place to maybe settle down? It's getting dark. I think we should camp. I'm still awake. I'm going to fall asleep last. Sure! I'd like to think so, yes. It's been a while, yes. I suppose. Thank you. Been trying not to think about it. I did say that, didn't I? Honestly, I'll say, I've had a number of years thinking about what I would do and what I would say and how I would go about this. This kind of obsession is not healthy, and I know that, and it's no way to live. And I'm sure that was something on the list of things I thought I would say, some attempt to be scary when I met them, as opposed to being scared, I think I was-- (sighs) again, I don't really remember much because I was so angry. I've never been so angry. And I think I was just trying to sound threatening. And I'd had these dreams before, you know I've-- you don't build anything like this without the knowledge that you're-- I'm aware that inventing this thing has been a mistake. I pull out my gun. I've had thoughts about it, but I didn't really think about what I was doing or what I was going to build until I decided to take my revenge, and I'd never thought about building it because I realized what a dangerous idea it was. (sighs) And I fear for the day that that comes back to haunt me. I don't know what I'll do, but I don't know, I think I was just trying to say something to be intimidating. I honestly didn't even think I was going to kill him, it just happened. Is your insight really that good? Add my charisma modifier? 18. I do regret what happened and I know he was a bad man, but I still hope to never lose my temper like that again. Honestly, I think we both need sleep. I love you, too. Thank you. Probably another day before we can camp close enough to attack. Let's keep stealthy. Have I walked this path before? I never walked this path at all. 32. Is this the river? Okay, so we're not at the river. 16. I heard them, I heard them describe it. Would I know it from the description? Just from my local knowledge? Nine.