How do you want to burn this? No spoilers! Loot Crate you can put it in your mouth! You do! Probably shouldn't, but you can. It's like a blood red with a little bit of black splatter-- Can you do it? Yes I do. I love rocking nail wraps. There also are some new Geek and Sundry nail wraps that have a blue and white thing and the little logo and I haven't seen if they're glow in the dark yet and I haven't looked yet, but I definitely have an outfit that these are going to work with so I'm taking these home. No, I know it's been slowly building and it's this sudden-- I'm glad that we finally have these. We had to fight to get these at Comic Con. It's Sam, though! He's heading this way in about 20 minutes, so he should be here 20 minutes after that. It's good news in progress. My version of good news in progress. We have a problem that, as far as I know, has never been accounted for in the history of civilization. The dragons are cooperating with one another. We are fighting not one dragon, but a conclave of dragons. All cooperating towards the destruction and sublimation of man. Mostly. They plan at dawn. He was released somehow from the Plane of Fire. Or perhaps someone brought him back to life. Other than his heart obviously having been previously maimed in some way, we have no proof that it could be the same beast. We were not here. But even if it isn't the same beast, the fact that a dragon takes its name should trouble you. It is an old dragon-- God knows how time works in the Fire Elemental Plane, he may be much older than time has allowed. Grog, in general it is impolite to query the age of any being. In general. I would have assumed you would know that by now. We're also gathering allies and we've already destroyed several of his companion dragons. We have. Preparing to kill a white dragon. We're as surprised as anyone, yes. Perhaps, if it comes to it, a little bit of help possibly collecting the Vestige that we are looking for in this city, that we are currently, hopefully, collecting and being on our way with, causing as little noise in the city as humanly possible. We are aware that is complicated for people like us. And perhaps an ally in the coming battles to come. It may, I would imagine, please you to perhaps meet these dragons on foreign shores as opposed to in your city walls. If it is the dragon that you remember, he will come here, and if it isn't the dragon you remember, the fact that he took that name means that he will come here. We do. The furnace is the only exit. We wish to just borrow an asbestos coat. He's using a hydraulic pump! He's an imagineer! Fassbender is busy being a good guy. I brought you some stickers from Burning Man. That is everything I've ever hoped for. I am definitely having a little bit of Tony Stark porn moment right now. I want to wear it like a suit. 18. 18. The sound of you slowly dying. That's like the DND version of those awful glass bricks from the 80s. I don't think he's real, we just have to kill him. Okay, I'm going to, first of all, cast Hex on this creature. Going to cast my Hex and then I'm going to start gentle. I'm going to take three shots with the Retort pistol, including the first one is going to be an attempt at a headshot. So that's a burn a grit. Come on, I know it's been two weeks. Don't be angry. Don't be a cat, be a dog, just be happy to see me. And it's happy to see me! That's a 31. My cats were not happy. That's terrible! Hold on. Sorry. That's 12 points of piercing damage-- oh no, sorry, that's seven points of piercing damage, five points of necrotic damage. And he has disadvantage on strength checks. And he has to make a constitution saving throw. I don't like him. No, yeah, Liam's not doing piercing damage. The bullets are not magic. My bullets are bullets! Okay, good to know! That could go really poorly! We don't know. So that's good to know. I'm going to take another shot at the helmet for a headshot. 27. Better! 16 points of piercing damage, three points of necrotic. And another constitution saving throw. He now has disadvantage on attacks until the end of his next turn. At the moment, I'm blowing bullets not for damage; I'm blowing bullets for effect at the moment. This is all effect-based, I'm not trying to damage him right now. (singing) Blinded me with science! I have one more shot, so I guess I'm going to take it. And for shits and giggles, I'm going to take a Sharpshooter shot. Fuck me. 19. 27? 21 points of piercing damage, four points of necrotic. All right, that's cool. I'm putting the gun down, and I'm going to back up. I'm going to pull to my left. And I'm going to try and get against the wall, not the glass! End of my turn. That's what you get for playing with it in the house. That's not terrible. He has disadvantage. Yeah, he has disadvantage on swinging at you. Show me what you've got! No, it's a good plan. You have big balls, not Huge. Okay. I can see the damage that this thing has taken. Would it be possible to target the wound? I'd be happy to burn a grit to target the mechanisms and not the armor. Try and get a chunk of metal in there? Okay. First thing I'm going to do is I'm going to take a couple steps to the right and try and shove my elbow on that glass to see what it feels like. I just wanted to see how strong it felt. Okay. Like high-rise glass. Okay. I'm going to pull the rest of my movement the opposite direction. Yeah, I don't want to be in front of a window. I'm going to pull out Bad News and I'm going to take a targeted shot at these mechanisms with the big gun. I obviously can't do a trick shot because I'm shooting at a thing. Obviously. That would not work. Spend a deadeye shot for it. And I'm going to do a sharpshooter. And I'm burning grit. Here we go. Didn't need that grit, but fuck it. Nope, rolled 18 on both! So 25 to hit. You can borrow the die. 25 hits. Oh boy, this is fun. Come on, where am I? d12s. And a d6. That's a-- (high-pitched giggling) I'm a pretty, pretty princess. 21, 31, 37. 37 points of piercing damage and five points of necrotic. I reload. Fuck it, I am Aquaman in this fight, I'm well aware. I'm going to burn another grit. Oh, yeah, no, I am, but I'm trying to be helpful in the moment. This is my third and final shot, I'm going to take an arm shot, I'm going to try and get it to drop its toy. Finally, a-- Oh, yay, that's better. (counting) Sorry, I can't count. 22. No damage? Normal damage. My bullets do no damage. But you still get necrotic. One point of necrotic damage. The DC is 19. It's a strength saving throw. He drops it. I yell out, somebody get that thing away from him! I put my gun away and I'm done. He also has disadvantage on strength checks. Live your dreams. It's armored, it's got a heavy armor on. To be fair, we have this really great idea of what to do with Trinket once you're-- Which child will disappoint you today? Eight. So it's eight. That's what I'm talking about! So much strength disadvantage. And now you have one more roll for the second. I'm kind of useless. I'm going to do something stupid here. I'm going to take a few steps to my left so I have a good, clear shot at it towards the window. Yep. More. Yeah, there. That'll do. I'm going to keep blowing through in the hope that I get a crit because then I regain a grit. I'm going to pull out Bad News and start firing to see if I can throw it off its aim. I'm grit farming. I'm fucking grit farming. It's not Bad News, it's-- Yeah, Retort, it's off-balance so I'm trying to find a place where-- give it some momentum to fall. I have one more shot, a reload, and a shot. Two shots. I hit, so that I might as well just roll-- That's six points of necrotic damage. And again. 21? Oh, 20. 20. Not natural 20. It misses? I'm just trying to grit farm at this point. You know? It occurs to me that this battle's going to be over soon. Point! Just double checking can I feel if my Hex has dissipated? Just checking. Do you have a mending spell of any kind? I'm not fixing it, I just thought it might be nice, good god! This is a greater gift than we could have hoped for. I get the feeling that perhaps, even such a thing would make us even more of a target, perhaps? Before we depart, my lord, I would ask perhaps some local knowledge. We have magical items that we require wisdom as to their origin and their function. Who would you trust in this city? Would you know who to trust in this city? Flips through his notes. A little Rolodex. The iPad is rebooting. For ancient objects, such as we have. For Vestiges. For things that are old. I will not tell him of anything other than our gentle acquaintance. The way that you leave a royal chamber is you thank them for their patience and their time and for their wisdom, you keep your head beneath theirs, and you never turn your back. And you leave, facing them in reverence. Be pleased. Don't say the words, just do the things. I didn't tell you what to say, I told you what to do. Marvelous piece of engineering. Your technology is impressive, your craftsmanship beyond anything I have ever seen, and there is nothing more pleasing than a monarch with a sense of humor. Bless you. Oh, that felt good. They won't tell you. Because I think that's their secret. I begin walking out. That should actually give you excellent posture for a slight bow. It's like the life force of two kittens. Just a heart attack and a metaphor for our entire existence, that's fine. We're going to have to take a walk around the tower for a javelin. You threw it? Is there a needle in the desert-- is that a thing? I'm going to sit down and do a little math and see if I can get a vague sense. Not old math. Weirdly enough, I've figured out-- Natural 20. I found a window and I'm doing the Beautiful Mind. I'll fly with her and use the math to-- I'm going to hang. I've locked my gauntlet. No, I'm not. Oh, I can reroll a saving throw, can't I? Yeah. I can reroll a saving throw, because I'm going to pretend that number didn't happen. I'm going to do it again. I have one more, so I'm going to blow them all. Better! I'll tell you what, because I had to blow all of those, we can say I threw up a little. Let's go there. That's a wisdom, that's 19. This was a very poor decision! Have we gone forward, or have we just gone straight up? So we're not going to hit them. This has been the metaphor game. This is a metaphor for our entire existence. I'm not going to look down. I'm going to look ahead. I'm good. Yeah! Because of that, we've done about 350. Have we done 350? Where are we now, 80, 90 feet ahead? No, sometimes math is not enough. Let's go fly down. It's all right. It wasn't my javelin. You threw up on my hair?! Oh god. I wasn't aware that was going to be a thing that could happen. My hair is very absorbent, that's going to take some time. Is Grit recovery a short rest or a long rest? I can't remember. Grit recovery. Thank you. It's even less if you don't do it. He doesn't like us. Yeah. 1d10. There's a casino if I recall. I don't know. I mean, I do, but I never gamble for fun. No, I do not gamble. Help me. Help me. Oh God, help me? I'm cool enough to know that, perhaps, you should hand off that necklace that he gave you. They're going to think you're a narc. You're wearing a police badge basically. Oregano. I am very excited by this! I enjoy watching her gamble. Yes! We're going to get changed for the evening. This is not an animated series. We have more than one pair of pants. Except for you. I think I do know a way to make the frost hold. I could science it. I could frost-hold it. Add about 15% sawdust ratio to it and it should hold its form even at a high temperature. I'm with Keyleth. You can be with us. We are Vegas-ing. You've been retconned, even. We'll keep a couple feet behind. Nope. I'm going to engage the man in a bit of conversation. So is it a straight bet across or are there competing numbers based on historical averages for these creatures at this point? Where is the money going, at the moment? That's a one. Of course it's a one. I'm ignoring this. I think I'll put 25 on Thordak. Let's put 25 on Thordak. I'm going to put 25 on Thordak. No, we're learning the game. No one's going to give you anything. We're learning the game. We don't have to be big spenders here. Yeah, but you've got to learn the game. What a good excuse to finally order a d9 and have the d9 only for this game. Let's try another game; I'm not feeling this one. I don't like betting on live little-- We're going there. How much for the extended bet? To get the third die? To get to 12, or any combination of seven of two, or all three must be 12. I need to take a round of this as well. All right, I'm going in as well. 25 gold from my wonderful-- I'll put 25 more in. 25 is fine. I don't believe in luck. Six. I'll put in the 25 for one more die. No. It was a wonderful thrill. Good evening. Let's find the cheap drinks. I'll join in that perception check. 21. I was going to go red. Drunkenly head up. There's an ox in the corner. How much for ten minutes with the ox? Be fair. Did that just happen? Sweet Christmas. No! No! What are you doing? We've already been waiting in line for the most colorful, ridiculous drink that we can get. Something with whatever's the local version of an umbrella. Are we at the bar? Do they have to-go cups? We'll take four. Just one of every color. Just one of every color. I'll put down for the four cups. I take them outside and begin distributing them. God I hope so. It's about the memory. We did, yep, there's that. I give her the most colorful, most ridiculous thing I can find, in the most ridiculous cup they have. It's not like I've never bought a ridiculous plastic dragon necklace with the flashing LEDs before. The phrase "Let's set it on fire and see what happens" usually doesn't work out well. Only because everybody's being an idiot, can I recommend that we perhaps try grinding it up into a tea, or something? Oh no. I'm going to take a little bit, I'm going to mortar and pestle a little bit, and make a tea. I've ground and powdered a tea, and placed it in the room and walked away. I'm not. My head is turned around. I'm sketching things. Does he have to make another constitution check at this point? You spent 50 gold on this? Good god! (laughter) It was 50 gold as a fine lesson, though. Real worth it. If it were any more, I'd feel bad, but it's only 50 gold. I'd feel like an idiot. I think he's just had too much spice. I've got a great idea. I'm going to get a little bit of the wine, of the ridiculous wine that we got. I'm going to pour a little bit into my new collector cup that I got, and I'm going to sprinkle it with some of the powdered spice. Here, there you are! Down that, that'll go quite well. Yeah, just a little bit of the sandkheg. I'm going to very gently try and take the gold medal that he got today away from him while he's numb. Just try and pickpocket him. Okay. Ugh! No slapping! No, don't slap! Yes, let's get an evening's sleep. Yes, we are still waiting on that. And we have several magical items that could use a little bit of jiggery-pokery, so let's sleep this off, perhaps, and be excited that we're bringing a friend a taste of home at the bargain of 50 gold. I mean, you know. I believe in you, Walter White. I believe in you. And whatever you have for a hangover for our friend who'll be down in, oh, never quite possibly. I think he may have had the whole dog. I love snobs. I'm excited. We have business, we can see to it. Let's take everything that we need. We have several objects, if I recall. We're going to actually need a Scanlan. (loudly) How are you feeling? Yeah, it's a hog's head. Off to the Crystal Chateau. Be back in a bit. I'll lead the charge. Oh, for the love of god. No. Six. Two. Does the opalescent stone have any similarity to the stones of Whitestone? There we go. 23. Good to know. I was noticing. That's odd. Had a little bit of spice, have we? How wide again, approximately? And it looks excavated, and not just like something opened up and then they kept digging? Do the stones look like they broke the ground, or does it look like the stones were actually built around this? Has this been here since the construction of this area? Or does it seem like perhaps in the last 20 years or such, they've just gone down? No. It's a hole! Yes? Not really, that I'm aware of. It rests beneath the tree, in the hills, in the mines to the north, and that's pretty much it that I'm aware of. Well, I would if I had paid attention to such things, but it wasn't something that I was-- I was very young the last time I was there. I don't really know where anything went, but I can assume that this came from Whitestone. This is interesting. How did you come to that conclusion? You should write that down. This is good news, if it is whitestone. It means that we at least have some leverage here. Let's find a big door, the biggest door we can find, and attack it! I knock. Hello. We're here on official business. Matters of trade and of research. Yes, I am. It will be very worth your while, and someone will definitely wish to speak with us. We've traveled from Tal'Dorei. From across the continent. That's a very interesting number. I know; he's quite pleasing. May we speak in private for that ten minutes? It is sensitive. Do you know of the news of Tal'Dorei and Emon? Foreign affairs, obviously. But I can see that there are aspects of this place that are foreign, that you have brought culture here. And I pull out one of my guns, pull it out to show him the hiltwork, which is all embedded with actual whitestone. I cannot speak the name of where we come from, but I know how this place was built, and I know that perhaps we have a connection because of it. And I'm going to-- Dragons-- There's no secret to it. Dragons are ravaging the continent. A chromatic conclave of dragons, unlike we've ever seen before, have decimated the cultures of the other end of the earth. Dragons we have never seen before, but you have. And I'm going to Minor Illusion in my hand an image of the red dragon with the ruby in his chest sitting atop. I'm creating a little visual of it. It's rudimentary, but it's there. It's obviously an illusion; it's not meant to look real. It's fuzzy. They will come here. They will come here and they will ravage. We've been given the opportunity and the hope of stopping them before they reach your shores. If we could just have a bit of help, identifying a few objects of magical power, and hopefully finding a few more keys to stopping them, it would ingratiate us to you so much that I would be delighted to speak of a future of hopefully making sure that more of this beautiful whitestone that you use everywhere in this beautiful palace is available and deeply indebted. I cannot tell him who I am. They are not simple. We are not starting with the jug. Show him your bow. We have the tea set, as well? Do we have anything else? You are the only one that we've told. Just a few more things. Less of a magical investigation, then. I pull out a piece of the green elemental shard from Whitestone and show it to him. Yes. I take it back. Think of all the spice you could get! Money doesn't interest us at this point. We are under siege. But cooperation and help in our endeavor certainly does. The process is known to my people and a closely guarded secret, obviously. We would be happy to restore normal relations once we are no longer in danger. Excited for normal relations, and proper trade. We are a city in need. I do not give him my name, but I put together a quick piece of paper with the royal seal. It's enough that you need not have any paper proof of who I am, other than the fact that if this place was built, then that should be very useful to you. If this place was built the way we expect. If we survive, and especially with your cooperation and help, we will be back to this city, and we will be grateful. It's very expensive and very rare, sadly. Worm intrusion? Oh, the wyrm. I thought you were talking about the hole out front. Is that anything we can help with? We're quite adept. With no heart? We need everything we can get, and we are down several libraries on our continent. They do enjoy watching the knowledge of the ages burn. And that is why they have given us their favors, because they understand that this threat is greater. I think you've already burned the charge on that one for the day. Good day to you, sir. Yes, he was, but we did learn some things. There was plenty of benefit to him. You could go and check, and we could hang back. I don't trust him with it. No. How? It's just organic. It's just 50 gold. I don't see why you're getting so uptight about it. Why would you spend your lucky gold piece? Well, maybe if you just ask them to give it back-- Let's take a look. We are going to definitely hang about a block back. A dire dragonfly. They've got the big prismatic hoo-ha. Hello, everyone. What's going on? Are things going on? Hello? I don't know what any of that means. They could be hurt. An entire city may die if we take too long. 26. I'm going to nonchalantly walk in, open the door, and just we'll all come in and shut the door behind us. Is there blood on the handle? Is there blood on the door itself? I will check for that, too. 11. I'm at the door looking out. I'm doing a quick, gentle sweep of the room, looking for any invisible bodies in the corner. Just moving my hand around. I'm heading down if everybody else is. Trying to get a sense of the situation of the murder, how many people there were. Investigation? 13. Just to be safe, I'm going to close the trap door. Well, I haven't looked at them yet, and there's no reason to look until someone, yeah. I take a look at the body. Well, that was quick. That's the best case scenario. She's probably spying on me. Waiting for me to build something. Are there exit wounds on the back of the body as well? We need to get the word out and quickly. We need to find her before she figures out a way to return. She's still in this city. She's got a missing arm, though. It's not Ripley. I've figured out how to strategize! Your dice game has a base strategy, which is only double down on a six. Oh my god, Espionage, thank you so much!