Oh, hello. Thank you, I just got off an airplane. Hi. The flight was-- it was slightly shorter than the drive here. Hi. This looks good. (high-pitched) It's really good! Yeah! We can find them a nice lady to date. I think it would work out pretty well. I got one, too. I got the Manual of Quickness of Action. I'm keeping this one. I think Pike should have the belt. My question is, once you grow the beard, if you remove the belt, does the beard fall off or do you get to keep the beard? Because then you guys could just switch around, until everyone had the appropriate amount of facial hair. I wouldn't. Well, that solves it. There hasn't been enough in-game time for this to have actually taken hold yet, has there? The Manual of Quickness of Action. It takes 48 hours worth of reading it. Okay. So I'll have to wait... I'm starting this. I've been looking forward to that conversation for two weeks. It's been sitting going, "Maybe he'll say this!" I don't know. You did turn him into a mouse. But he then did get the killing blow. I like to be contrary. You look like Merlin from Excalibur. I've got a book! I have chicken! I have some tinkering I'd like to do. I would like to try and build a couple things. I have a list actually... No, no. Arrows are on the list. I want to start working on some sort of tazing implement for direct contact. I want to do an electrical charge that I can rev up. There's that. I have a list of things. How many things can I start poking with in two days? That's a week-long thing. Night vision. Into my current, existing helmet. There's no way that I could try to pull that together? Damn it. So this boils me down to two thoughts. This is good. I want to put a slight dent into the barrel of Bad News to get a ricochet shot, so that it basically allows me, when I shoot a bullet, to also do 1d12 worth of damage to one target that is immediately adjacent to the main target. Shrapnel. It's not quite shrapnel, it's a ricochet, but yes it is basically a shrapnel shot. Yeah, like a bank shot. A secondary lesser damage. Would it be possible, if I did it to one of the barrels of-- Ah, okay. Okay. I'll start the taser and work on some arrows then. That's what I'd like to do. Stuff's expensive, man. It's tough to tell. He sort of has that look. I'll do my tinkering rolls and then I'm good. I wanted to work on a grappling-hook arrow that attaches to the unending-- that ties to the unending rope so that we have actually something that will pierce heavy stone and anchor. Like Batman. I don't know why Batman's on the brain right now. Could be any reason. All right. First tinkering roll is 13. 12. Just proficiency bonus. Damn it. I feel inspired. There we go. Now I feel inspired. I actually don't even remember, but it wasn't that bad. All right. So that's 18. (sings) Tinkering on a prayer. 100 gold. And then I want to try and recreate the exploding arrow as my last little thing I want to do today. Sounds like a day spa. For the first time, you're safe. Ye olde IcyHot. Yes. I'm going to try for three exploding arrows. And I've built one before. Thank you. Another 150 gold? All right. I certainly do. I know exactly what you mean. No. Now I'm nervous. 18. All right. 15. Natural 20. (cheering) You would mark it. So you have a grappling hook arrow, two exploding arrows, and one exploding arrow with a star. I'm getting to kiss everybody in this game. I've already made my way through siblings, this is getting-- all right. I've kissed the twins. I have, well, thank you. Possibly reusable. Call it a "bear-rel" roll. Listen to the tiny disembodied head. Oh. Percival Fredrickstein Klossowski von Mussel de Rolo III. At your service. ORION, LAURA AND They call me Percy. Quite, quite. No no no no. Tiberius, if you would be so kind. Yes. Putting it in the box. On the way back, I think. Once the Horn is off the ship. Oh dear. It's all right, she can fly. We've gotten to sleep there for two days. Percy was the third of seven children, born to a noble family who lived far to the north in the ancient castle of Whitestone. With so many siblings to share the burdens of lordship, Percy turned his attentions to the sciences, engineering, and naturalism. One day, a mysterious couple named Lord and Lady Briarwood came to court. During a feast held in their honor, the Briarwoods violently took control of the castle, killing or imprisoning everyone who would stand in their way. Percy awoke chained in the dungeon, only to be freed by his younger sister. Together they fled, chased by the Briarwoods' men. As they ran, Percy's sister took several arrows to the chest and fell. Percy kept running, eventually jumping into a freezing river and floating unconscious to freedom. He did not remember waking up on a fishing boat. He barely remembered the next two years, as he slowly made his way as far south as possible. Then one night, Percy had a dream. A roaring cloud of smoke offered him vengeance against those who destroyed his family. When he awoke, Percy began to design his first gun. (gunshot) We're going to do that? We're going to shoot a rap video? I think he underestimates how naturally pretty we all are. Yes! I'm going to spend that time reading my book. I'm reading that book. Anti-petrify? I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it! Ugh. That's the worst initiative I am capable of having. Nine. Grapple-grapple. LAURA AND That's such dick. What is that thing at the very front of the ship? That is the least innocent thing she's killed in this game so far. But well-trained. I like that little dance, looks quite nice. How far away am I from that wyvern that's currently attacking everybody? Yeah. This will be funny. Okay, I'm going to back up and sit down against the back wall of the ship. I'm going to pull out the biggest gun I have. So, I'm going to pull out Bad News. I'm going to sit down. I'm going to take aim and I'm going to do-- I'm going to spend a Grit, and try and take a wing shot at this. Yes. Well, we'll see if it works. I'm shooting him in the wing. 18? Okay. 19, 20-- Really? Where's my d12s, I was not prepared for this. Here we go. 14 points of damage, and he has to make a constitution saving throw. 23. Okay. That wyvern drops hard, 20 feet. Boom! All right, thank you. And I reload. Like possibly Pathfinder a while. Turn into a flying shark. Intelligent flying shark. Save every one of us. I think he's going to hit a lot of bludgeoning damage when he hits the ocean. You've got to grip the table for that. I'm going to just hold on to Bad News as I'm flicking around, I'm going to pull out my Pepperbox, I'm going to take a wing shot at that bastard right there. (laughs) 29. That definitively hits. So let's figure out what we're going to do to this person. That's nine points of damage plus a 14 constitution saving roll-- So it drops 20 feet. He still has him in his claws, though. All right, I'll take another shot at him. I'm going to make this a fire shot. And I'm going to try to get him to drop him now. 16? All right, let me just make sure I'm doing this right. Yeah, no damage but he drops him. All right, and then I'm going to spend the rest of my move getting up, getting situated, and then moving a little bit, where's my-- Yeah, I'm going to move a little bit further up the-- Yeah, like right about there. Are you proud of yourself? You look proud and majestic. Inspire yourself. I'm counting on you. Yes! Batman. Way to go, nameless guard! Dubstep. Poor life choices, yay! In one of 20 dimensions, you're awesome right now. All right, I'm taking out the Pepperbox. I'm going to turn towards it, and just unload. Ten. Total ten. 22. I'm using my bonus action. Using my action surge. That misses. And then 19. Yeah, that's two hits. I was also using my sharpshooter mode for that so that I can do some extra damage, and that's... Number one, that's-- 20 points of damage plus one point of ice damage. And the next one is-- 25 points of damage and one point of fire damage. Western-style, I'm just going to-- I'm going to fan the hammer, I'm going to just tear that wing off. Oh look, everyone, we still have one to interrogate. Isn't that nice? I'll go check, you interrogate. If they were clever, they didn't leave the room. I'm going to run down and check the box. I'm going downstairs. I'm knocking on the door. "All right? Desona?" Lady Kima? Hello? Yes, pirates. We've taken care of it. Do you need anything, is everything all right? Almost feels like cheating. Okay. As long as everything is fine, there was no incidents, nothing unusual? Excellent. I'll report upstairs, then. Carry on. Everybody seemed fine, they said no events, nothing-- Guards in a room, I mean really. My insight was the box was still there. Welcome back, everybody. This is way better than E3.