"Sorry I didn't do no chores, Mama. I'm a simpleton!" What are you doing to me? "It ain't my fault because school was late because Teacher Sally died the evening before last." "It ain't my fault school was late because, well, Teacher Sally died this "evening before last." "Here, Ma, I found your bagpipes to play at the dust funeral." Oh, I'm so excited. Oh, my-- (laughter) Damn it. I'm going to do a reroll. 16. Oh, God, that face. To be fair, he didn't say Oklahoma. Now! We can hold him. One moment! We're going to-- No. That's just fine. We're looking for a suit of armor he may have won in a card game. --that vanished during a card game? It has great emotional value. Yes, let's. I've got a Ring of Lightning Resistance. I've got a Ring of Lightning Resistance. We did okay. I would put it on Pinterest. Maybe we could tell him it's a thimble. We could tell him it's a handcrafted thimble. And I have the Ring of Lightning Resistance. No! Are you using that? Okay. (hums "Yakety Sax") He can wear it as a pinkie ring. It's going to be like a little eyebrow piercing. That's going to be weird. Oh, no! Can we put it in the Bag of Holding? It's like a piece of pre-packaged Ikea furniture. We bought the new bed frame. It's called the "Nupe." If you have the magic still, we could find out precisely where the armor is. Is it on the ground floor? Or does it feel like it's above us? There's a giant velvet Elvis. Pie Iesu Domine. Dona Eis Requiem. Better safe than sorry, though. This is the first time that actual Travis has really leaked into Grog. Wow. And really interesting fanart. Loot Crate. Magical Loot Crate. You have a deeper understanding of the tragedy of that. I'm going to lean in and-- (no vocals) So many bad ideas start with-- No, we're good. Tell her to show her last card. I cast Minor Illusion on the first card, to turn the three into an eight. It's true. We're going to be fine, anyway. We have the mansion. 11. Let's sleep in the mansion so we can gain some of our-- We should go back into the mansion. Can we get water from the-- They're not speaking in metaphor. We know you can create water. Let's mansion for the night and then I think in the morning. We can't find him tonight. Can we? And what happens if you can't Plane Shift out of that house? We probably want to get out of the house and then Plane Shift. In case it's magically locked down. In which the phrase, "I have many enchantments upon my home," led me to believe there's probably-- You're writing the best children's book ever. Can we trick him into the mansion? We can quietly attack him from all sides. Have a fight that won't draw the attention of the guards. There's nothing we could damage in there that would remain damaged. He wears jewelry. Bikram yoga. That is the hot one. Yes. He's not a giant killing machine, he's a businessman looking to purchase-- Where are we going to kill him? I was actually going to say quintuplets. We could all look the same. It is now. Somehow, a stamp with an upside-down airplane is worth a fortune. This, obviously, is more rare. We'll make her taller and you two shorter. No! Because six is what he's walking around with! He's got more back in his shop! Does the sultan mark his slaves? Does he have a seal? If we were to sell ourselves as slaves, we could be marked as the property of the sultan. And then we could claim that he was trying to steal property of the sultan. You don't get to negotiate that aspect. Even if we're just sneaking back into the house and stealing the armor, we're doing it as identical sextuplets. There's no fighting that anymore. If each of the sextuplets-- I'm never going to get tired of saying that-- were unique in their own way, and yours was that you had a trace of celestial which is why you have wings? Yes. Which is why Plan A is much better. We don't have enough money to pay off the guards. Remember, we're just to show off. You've got more. Mine's better. Somewhere between the Folies Bergere and Caligula's living room. I think it's like a Windows PC. You can change the desktop settings. You could have little slave chickens. You've already made a sale, and you have more back at the-- Baby Ghost Rider. That's baby Ghost Rider! Just the break from the heat is the only thing that would force us to deny your hospitality. But we will keep the door to our rooms, of course, in your abode. Why does he keep doing that?! There's something wrong in it. There's something in the basement. That's the saddest thing I've ever heard. Out of curiosity, sleeping outside of the effects of the heat should make-- There's AC. I am going to send a little time working on a couple things for the fort when we get back. Netting ammo for the trebuchet, just a sketch. To start to design a very simple bolo for the trebuchet. Just penciling and then penciling-- I've got a notion for a watch tower that's super super simple. Platform for two people, tops, with a rope that connects to a bell so when you start heading down it, it goes (high voice) Fuck! Simple white robes. They have white wings, correct? When he pops his wings, the wings will be gold. We are learning way too much about everyone. That's very fair. Okay. Keyleth, can you shape something? Can you grow a gazebo? It's a magical tent. Can you grow a gazebo out of grapevines? No, it will be fancy. I think it will be fancy. Plants where there are no plants is fancy. Let's keep an eye out. Why doesn't whichever one of us is the one that can be sneaky and look around. All right. All right. What? And then we have extra slaves, it's beautiful. Let's not have this conversation with them yet, sister, until all has been taken care of. What, sister? Do you need a hand up, brother? I want to do an insight check on that. Insight check, okay, that's 22. You're an idiot and I'm very proud of you. Don't do that again. What if I were to do a very strange accent? Good to know. So if you summon your magical room-- You only know two. Pick one. (laughter) G and R, that's what you've got. Pike-- Vex, sister, do you want to perhaps do a walk around with the two boys and see if we can't attract some attention? I'm not getting far but I'm going to take the two boys-- I'll be very careful with them. I'm going to say, don't talk to anyone, don't look anyone in the eye, and don't answer any questions without my permission, do you understand? I've got a plan, follow my lead. This should be interesting. You can try again in ten minutes. I'm going to look around for something interesting. I try and discern who runs this establishment. Most humble greetings, good master. My sister and I have been sent by our owner to peruse the market for things that he might enjoy and I have been asked to inquire upon the nature of what you're selling and your suggested price. Never making eye contact. My master is always interested in creatures of unusual disposition and he will be excited to know what you have for sale. I thank you for your time. May I please leave your-- I've lost my brain. I bow, I back off properly. What are you feeding me in this cup? (laughter) I'm making sure that the whole market knows that there is someone perusing and purchasing for unusual creatures and making sure they see the weird twins and the two angelic-- I'm making a show of it. And I'm making a show of our non-chained obedience. We're not going to hurry. We're going to meander so that maybe we get seen. I'm going to walk by with the slaves. Of course, master. I've already brought them into the mansion. I've already handed them off and said Put them very far downstairs. Hide them. Oh yeah. I've brought them into the mansion and have put them downstairs. The servants are taking them down. Money first. No, yeah, we're calling it. This got wonderfully bad.