You can feel the tension. Those are impressive shoes to prance in, by the way. He can't stop it, he can't talk! It's a thing of earth. Perhaps taking it to the surface is necessary to destroy it. Why don't we have a conversation with her? Let's get some information first. Let's get some information, let's figure out-- We'll un-stone her, it's not like she can take it from us. If something horrible happens, we're going to run anyway at this point. Why don't we find out what happens next? And if we have to, you can teleport us out of here, correct? You're like an extra in Big Trouble in Little China. 17. And I'm on the carpet, so I can head that direction. The second one. I'm going to start flying straight up, and while I'm flying straight up, I'm going to take... two shots with the Pepperbox at the big brain. I'm going to use Sharpshooter. That's a 21? That's 21. And should I do both hits? Oh, and-- no, that's right, I don't critical at 19? No, I need a specialty. Damn it! And that hits, so both hit, and they're both with Sharpshooter, so that's nice. (sings) I haven't pulled my dice out yet. There we go. Oh, that's nice! 25 points of damage. And 17 points of damage. Oh, sorry. I forgot, sorry, four points of fire damage. I think a nine is a big six. It doesn't matter. Not on Scanlan, on the one attacking Scanlan. That's no better, actually. I didn't know you were coming to the carpet, sorry. All right, before I go anywhere, I'm taking a shot at Clarota. With Sharpshooter, that's 13, 14, 15, 16, 17. 19 points? That hits, and let's do my damage. That's 22 points of damage. Some people have no sense of fucking honor! (laughter) I still have another shot. I'm taking a shot there. Oh yeah! So that's 17-- 17, 18, 19-- Okay, that just hits, all right. I'm trying to use Sharpshooter, so it changes everything. And that's 18 points of damage. And did we get a short rest before this fight happened? SAM and Fuck, never mind. That's why we're all burnt out on shit, okay. I'm going to go up further. Am I high enough yet for her to jump down onto the-- So, if you and your bear want to jump on? Oh, in that case, instead of going up I'm going to go fly to the right, then. Yeah, so I'm going to fly down towards Vax, as well. Yeah. Yeah, go there. Hi. ASHLEY, TALIESIN, and Can you heal yourself? He is, to be fair, very occupied. Eight. There's an "and" there, isn't there? Eight points of intellect damage. What does that mean, precisely? 16. So do I still take eight more points of damage, though? I just, I'm just going to go duh-duh. (laughter) I like purple. We need 60 seconds to get out of here is what we need. We need 60 uninterrupted seconds. Oh, yeah. It's not time for arts and crafts. And you should shoot things. Elder Brain is spilling out the side now, isn't it? Yeah, I have a carpet anyway, so let's just jump on it. No, 22. Big money. I was going to hold my turn to get everybody on the carpet. I'm holding my turn. I'm holding my turn. You two are the only ones. She can hold this part of her turn until everybody's up there. Do I get an inspiration point for that? (laughter) You know how I feel about you. I'm feeling something new. I want to go now. I'm just going to reel straight up. And on my way up, I'm going to take two more shots at the brain. 16. 16. And 19. The second one has a bonus die, yay. Ice shot. That's 13 points plus two points of ice damage. Can we go up there? Can you put us at our height now? (laughter) You're wearing the helmet, at least. I know. Yeah, no. Give it a try! Whoa! All right, here's a question can everybody still fly? Take the wheel! All right, I pull out Bad News. And I'm going to lie down on my stomach, hanging off the edge of the carpet. And I'm taking a shot straight down. My movement. Firing a deadshot. That's 18. Wait, did I have an inspiration dice from last-- fuck. I did have an inspiration dice from last game! I did! What do you give people with it? d10? Oh fuck, that's right. I did! I did, because I'm always excited when I get them, because I never get them. 21! Oh my god. Okay. Okay. Let me double-check that I'm doing this right, hold on, deadshot's weird. Plus weapon damage. Okay, so that's eight, nine, ten, 11, 12, 13... 25 points of damage. Oh my god! Oh god. We need everybody to hop on the carpet first. How do you make that weird? Shove him onto the carpet. We are time bandits. (cheering) Squish-squish. That was fantastic. The Horn is on the carpet. It has been specifically not touched. I think we should put it in the Bag of Holding. It'll be fine in the Bag of Holding. Well, I am Percival Fredrickstein Von Musel Klossowski de Rolo III, and, hello, and we would love to report to the emperor of your great hospitality at this unfortunately early hour, and we would look forward to reporting of all of your kindness and good housekeeping. I would hope not to imagine it. You are too kind. Good day, good evening. Well, that could've gone worse. The metro's running at this hour. Let's go drinking. We could do a pub crawl, we'll just have a beer at every pub we hit on the way back to the Keep. We'll un-stone her once we're back at the Keep. It'll be fine. Percy was the third of seven children, born to a noble family who lived far to the north in the ancient castle of Whitestone. With so many siblings to share the burdens of lordship, Percy turned his attentions to the sciences, engineering, and naturalism. One day, a mysterious couple named Lord and Lady Briarwood came to court. During a feast held in their honor, the Briarwoods violently took control of the castle, killing or imprisoning everyone who would stand in their way. Percy awoke chained in the dungeon, only to be freed by his younger sister. Together they fled, chased by the Briarwoods' men. As they ran, Percy's sister took several arrows to the chest and fell. Percy kept running, eventually jumping into a freezing river and floating unconscious to freedom. He did not remember waking up on a fishing boat. He barely remembered the next two years, as he slowly made his way as far south as possible. Then one night, Percy had a dream. A roaring cloud of smoke offered him vengeance against those who destroyed his family. When he awoke, Percy began to design his first gun. (gunshot) Oh wait, this is in here. Can I throw this? Oh no. You get the horn. We're drunk! Feels like eleven weeks. It feels like a very long time. Garden gnome. I'm drunk! Quiet is good. They weren't particularly connected until the very end, he was dead before they were actually connected. They may not know who we are. We'll let them know, but we may have time, we hurt them very badly. The mind flayers have been down there for ages. There's nothing new. I think this will also be a conversation that Lady Kima will have some-- I think if we have Allura here, and begin that conversation, then we can have Allura's insight. Yes. I think we tell Allura before we un-stone Lady Kima. Everything that's happened-- No, let's wait until Allura's here, I think, and we can-- We're going to have to trust somebody. Do we know that there's a second horn? Tiberius, we're having a lovely breakfast. Tell us a story. Tell us a story. From what I understand-- is it possible that it's not possible to destroy this and instead it has to be banished somewhere, perhaps? I'm of the opinion they probably want to banish it somewhere. No, this is good. This means that there's no reason, necessarily, not to trust them. We just know that we don't trust the Horn, and that's a perfectly reasonable way to come at it. It's perfectly safe in the bag. I like half that plan. But then they're going to tell us to go back for it. I think we just keep it in the Bag of Holding, she'll never suspect. Yes. That's genius. That's a very good plan. No, we don't. This was a fabulous breakfast, good night. Let's not forget, you've still got a funny toe. That's awesome. Don't do that. We're going to face her towards the wall. We're ready to pull you away when she starts to move. And we got a very fancy hat out of it. Why, what can it do? History check, can I do a history check? That's a religion check, not history check? I'm doing a history check, if you want to do a religion check. 22. If we're going to trust anyone, I think this is a good-- I trust the organization, they have a sterling reputation. Always the worst time. Yes. There's a guest room. I'm going to go get our d20s back. (sings) Mustang Scanlan. You took all of our crits. Thank you. Otherwise, hey, free copy for us, which is really cool. No mercy for Percy. We love you guys so much. That is so badass. So fantastic. She does. Holy shit. Holy shit. I just rolled a 20! Look at it, look at it! Thank you so much! Oh, yeah. Oh yeah, this is happening. That's so cool.