24. Lady Kima, do you remember where the vault is? Do you remember how we can get back there? (whispers) How about the other way? Oh boy. I walk up to the very, very edge of the hallway. I knock him right in the face with the butt of my gun as he rounds the corner. I can't use my previous stealth roll? Damn it. Eight. What do I add to this, by the way? I've never done a physical attack. All right. Natural 20! (cheering) It flashes if I hit a natural 20. So that would be 2d4 plus my strength modifier, because it's a natural 20. That's six points of damage. My strength modifier is one. 11 points of damage. (whispers) We're good, we're good. He had a little duergar back at home. Don't. Jinx it. Really quickly-- Oh, do you want to go first? Does anyone want to hide these bodies that we've just scattered about-- It's a perfect place for them to be interred. Oh, thank you. We should check out what's in that other hall. I'm staying in the hallway, It would be called Sharpshooter. Acrobatics. I can't do anything that could make noise anyway. Did Liam-- Did Vax find anything shiny in the room? The shiny thing. You're welcome, yes. I'll go in, too. Never mind, that was such a good roll. That'll do. 16. Thinking about shit. Word. Damn. Let's just search the rest of this floor as quickly as possible. I will head in your direction as well. I agree, I think we should-- I agree with that, I just think we should check the rest of the floor as well. Just double-check everything, make sure we didn't miss the-- Take a quick look around. All right. So we'll go-- just keep going down and check the rest of that hallway. And you'll hear us if anything goes wrong. Yeah, we'll power through it. I would like to do a religion roll. Nine. Let's keep searching. I'm gonna be heading in that direction anyway. And bonus damage to his mother, wherever she may be. I was going to run in and take a look around anyway so-- God damn it. Okay. 24. Yeah! Damn. Let's take a short rest. We didn't even finish telling you people! Let us finish our sentence first! Thank you! Cool! We've got a box of stuff coming right for you right now. Thank you. I just spent a healing surge, so. Aren't you empty yet? I think the only thing better than their god would be their god on top of a giant scorpion. LAURA and What's the name of the god again? It's a quick way to get rid of six people, though. You guys, what are you doing right now? 23. Yeah. Sneak attack. I'm going to hold off until-- I'm actually going to delay my turn until post-Pike. I'm loud and I've got range, so I'm going to let the room fill, and then I'm going to come in and get some. We're going to be fine. It's nothing we can't handle. You've got a problem down there, to be fair. You've got the witch problem to deal with. All right, I'm going to just get-- just step into the doorway to take a look. I'm just stepping one step. And now I'm just going to shoot-- can I-- I'm just gonna try and-- The minute I recognize what a basilisk is, since I've faced them before, I'm going to do my best not to look and take a shot. I get 16 at my disadvantage. Nice! I'll be taking another shot, too. Six points of damage. I'm going to take another shot, though. 16 again. 16 hits. This time I do 12 points of damage. 12 points. And then I'm gonna duck back around the corner again. (sings) Only shooting arrows. All right. I'm going to step into the room, to give some cover. Right about, probably just slightly on the other end of this. No, like, next to Keyleth, like near Keyleth. Okay, the first thing I'm going to do, is I'm going to-- I've got my ice shot loaded. I'm going to take a shot at the break in the ceiling and I'm gonna try and ice it over. That's 20. Oh. So just the ice damage Two. Okay, my next shot, I'm just gonna turn to the king and just shoot. I'm also gonna spend a point for additional damage. And I'm also taking Sharpshooter for additional damage. That's 16. Oh! Wait, okay, no, I just, I don't get the-- oh god, it's not Pathfinder, gah! Okay, that's fine. I'm gonna spend my bonus action to take another shot. Yeah. 23, eff you. That's nine points of damage. Taking another shot. This shot's fire, fire bonus damage. And I'm also gonna spend another grit point to maybe do a little more damage. 28 to hit. Yeah. I get a bonus die, I just have to find one. Oh, that'll do. That's 17 points of damage plus one point of fire damage. Let's move it, people. And I'm gonna take like a step back towards the door. Just with what's remaining of my movement. Oh, I killed him, didn't I? No, he's not dead, damn it. I know, that would've been so cool. We pick him up. 17. Natural 20. Ten. Oh, that's a lot of dice. I'm going to assist, I'm pulling out-- I'm doing another ice shot to try and cool off the magma around him. I pull a level two healing potion, just get it in his mouth. More 20s! How do you make a-- nope.