Oh, no. It's called Malibu Sunset. That would work on me. Your other friends tell me that they miss you too. So yeah. Yeah, we had the very first episode of The Wednesday Club this week. I have now had eight hours of sleep, which is pretty magical. It was fun. And we're gonna be back this week with our next episode. We're actually gonna be talking about a lot of things, including characters with mental health issues in comic books, both superhero and otherwise. Including Legion, from the X-Men, who has currently got a show on FX which is magical. It's so good. So tune in, it's noon 'til two on Wednesdays, on the twitch stream where you probably are right now. And I think we bumped it to Alpha, but I don't remember, maybe not. And then it'll be on the rebroadcast if you wanna see it, but it's gonna be a lot of fun. Matt Key and Amy Dallen will be there, it's gonna be great. It's a rainstick. I've got a little bit of sketching, and working on something simple, that I might even try and build while I'm here. Stephen King novel. Oh yeah, no, I wanna see what he has, too. Like, there's gonna be some trading. I'll show stuff. Oh yeah. Are you really? I'm gonna grab Bad News and run up to the crow's nest and see if I can see anything. Make some room in here. What is my perception? That's 20. I'm gonna keep an eye out for a moment, for a little bit. She doesn't have to know what sailors actually do. Keyleth, ask the captain if she wants to have extra speed from your wind. The captain, yes. This got weird quick. Yeah. Sitting and sketching. Looking out every now and then. Quite nice. Wow, no. To be fair, I'm not really looking very much. 11. I'm distracted. You're less distracted. Wait, what? Just having a chill. It's just to chill up there. It's nice. You're just sitting and drawing in a basket! Yes, it's basically a hamper. Oh my God! That got dark. I'm used to this enough, I know how to make room from last time I was on a boat. It's moving? Not a bad idea. Everybody keep checking in. Oh. You sound like Kim Carnes. Everybody, this is great. (all laugh) Are you with me? I'm going to very quietly say that I'm going to grab onto your broom and head towards that end. I'm also going to activate the spider climbing boots. Fog machine. Oh, ow. Yeah, no, that's right, it's the little prongs. Oh, please. Oh, please. I'm gonna be in the middle of this for months. I'm gonna be right in the middle of this. For months. Okay. Did it leave a little stain? Whoa! I don't feel good about that. This is like the finest arcade that I've ever been by. Or actually, we had sort of headed towards the other boat. I was gonna ask you to drop me at the other crow's nest on the other ship. If you're down. Oh, please! Tor Books, Tor Books. (all laugh) Oh, boy. 15. Burn! Drop off. As long as you roll by, I'll just let go. You can drop me off. The minute I see a rope, I'll just let go and drop. So she can just keep moving. You know, you could've spent your time making two very complex Lego pirate ships. All week. I'm just saying. (exhales) Got it. Not sure what to do. Hey, that die! Okay, I'm gonna take a quick look around to see if I can figure out what's causing this fog because it's annoying me. That's a 19. Starboard? Port? All right. Somebody take a look at anything. There's a glow coming from the starboard side of the enemy ship. It's the one closest to our ship. We need to find out what's causing this fog. In the meantime, I'm gonna slowly make my way down a couple of the ropes. Is that an enemy right there? That guy? Yeah, I know. I'm asking if that's an enemy on our ship, right there. Okay, so we have two enemies that are currently on their ship. Okay, I'm gonna slowly start making my way, just maybe a few feet down, and I'm going to shoot those two people who are on the very edge. Both of them in the back. No. There is, on the other hand, fine comedy about to happen. I'm gonna very, very carefully. And I'm at disadvantage with this? Oh, that's annoying. Okay, I'm gonna use the pepperbox, the Animus, and I'm also going to burn a Grit for a push. What about one on each? Both of them. I'll start with the first one, and work my way down. All right, so, let's see what happens. That will do. That's a 28? And that's-- I'm sorry, you know why I'm a little confused, I just had to switch, again. That's, wow-- -- that's good. That's 17 points of damage and five points of psychic damage. And he goes ten feet away from me. (laughs) Next! I love boats. Yep. Here we go. That's, oh that's good, 29. I'm rolling really well. Not as well as yesterday, but really well. And that's five, six that's 11 points of damage and five points of psychic damage, and a ten-foot push. I was just gonna say, he's happy to grab, and I'll deal with that too. I can make him drop things. I have that power. I've been wanting to watch somebody holding on and make them drop it. I've been wanting to do that for like, probably a year and a half now. God, is there anybody fun on our side? You've got him grappled. Technically I would. That would cancel out, wouldn't it? It would cancel it out automatically. Oh. In that case, I'm gonna take a shot on him. Okay, good point. So, I'm gonna take a Sharpshooter shot. I'm also going to-- is he holding anything? That's good. And he's a magic? Yeah, that will do. I'll just take a good old-fashioned Sharpshooter shot. So that's-- that's not as good. That's 18 to hit? Oh, thank god. Okay. Well. They were a little-- That's kind of heavy. That's gonna be 24 points of damage, and three points of psychic damage. Yeah, and I'm just gonna crawl a couple feet into the ropes in that direction. I'm just gonna keep rope-swinging. There we are. It might have stuff. We're gonna want to break the chains. That's the correct response. Oh, man. They're really fun. Yeah, I like it. I know. That's good. (gurgling) Knees, not back. God, robot! Good! I've been waiting for this so for pretty much a few months. All right. We're fine. I've been waiting for this for so long. Super soakers! Oh yeah. Oh, yeah. All right. That guy's still in the vines, right? He's becoming a problem, though. Okay, I'm going to, if I can pull this off, is it possible that I can break the rope that I'm currently holding onto and do a little Errol Flynn like fly down to the bottom of the boat? Is it possible that the rope I have to shoot is in between me and him? I'm going to use a piercing shot, and I'm going to try to do both with one shot and Errol Flynn this shit. Acrobatics... that's a 23. Still at disadvantage. Nope. So this is gonna be funny, because I was using the Animus. So depending on how mean you wanna be here, I'm gonna take my 2d6. Yeah. So this is gonna be funny. I'm gonna take my 2d6, and that's six points of psychic damage to me, that's cool, that's cool. Yes. So does the psychic damage mean I let go of the rope I'm holding on to? Or does it not? Also, my feet are sticky and my hand has-- But my hands are not. Okay, I'm down for this. So that's an eight. Here's the next question do I have any chance of grabbing anything with my hands and feet on the way down? So I'm just gonna wake up on the deck of the floor of the boat. 12 points of bludgeoning damage. And can I burn a bonus action, am I okay, or-- I can use the rest of my actions? Just because it hurts and I'm irritated, I'm just gonna pull out Retort and fire in the general direction. Yeah. Oh, that's not bad. 28? 16. Okay, so the 28 one does, though. That's seven points of damage. Oh yeah. What a turn. What a terrible way to go. Kind of like Fantasia? How many do you need? And that was the last anyone saw of Taryon Darrington. (all laugh) It was worth it. Good. It's a d6. There is actually a d3 that has two ones, two twos, and two threes. The water elemental's still a problem, I take it? I'm going to stand up, dust myself off, pull out Bad News, take careful aim-- slightly irritated aim at that water elemental, and see what happens. Disadvantage on the shot. Not yet. I'm actually going to spend a grit to gain my advantage back. Come on. Thank god I didn't do that too weird. That's 20. I'm also gonna blow through most of Cabal's Ruin, 'cause that's funny. I know, I say that a lot. So that's standard damage, is 15 points of damage, plus where is-- Okay, 1d6 per charge. You know? Let's end this. Should we just end this? I figured it would be. I'm just gonna blow eight of the charges, so do you have five more-- So plus (counting) 23 points of lightning damage on top of that. I'm going to stop, I'm going to wave, and I'm going to go walk over and start looking to see if I can see what that glow is. I'm going to deactivate this, because I want to loot this ship. Ooh, that's better. That's 25. Does there seem to be any mechanism for turning it off or otherwise? I'm going to at least try and pick it up, and-- Okay. That's adorable. Three. That's so mean. (all laugh) There's no way to-- There's gotta be a way to turn this off. Oh, god. Like a spigot. (sings) It's rainin' men... Let's get the orb at the very least. Doing it now-- yes, we want to it now while there's an order of operations based on a die roll! (sings) And I would do anything for love. Oh, that's me! See if we can grab the orb. I'm gonna run downstairs and see if I can see paperwork in the captain's quarters or anything-- or run in the captain's quarters and just do a massive loot, really, just as quick as I can. Well, there might be something magic. Okay. My investigation check is 19. Yeah. Any papers I'm just gonna grab. I'm looking more for magic, I don't care about gold-- magic or weird. Catch the eye. Are the keys, like-- Oh, no. Okay, yeah, I'm gonna grab them anyway. I hope you pull something in your knee. God damn it. No! Let's keep it, let's bring it to the other ship. I'm gonna run out. There's-- oh, man. I don't hear anything coming from down below, do I? Yeah, I don't know. Hold on. I'm gonna listen for it. Perception check. You're terrible. 17. I show the keys. I'm worried there's a cage down there. I still have the spider boots, so I'm holding on. You've got an elven perception check. I'm gonna hand her a bunch of stuff, including some of my things, and be back-- I'm gonna try and see if I can just-- Spider-boot and see if I can hold my breath and look. I'm gonna grab, and try and use the lenses on my mask to even get a clear shot of what's under there. Get out of here, you two! I'm fine. Vex is here, you two leave. Yeah. That's what I'm hoping for. That's 26. I'm going for it. I've already got the keys in my hand and I'm just going to start going for it. I'm going to choose to use a Resolve. That's a save, isn't it? God damn it. I rolled a one. Okay, I'm rolling. There's someone in there, but I can't get it! And I'm going to spider-climb on the upside, on the wrong side of the wood and stay out of the water and crawl out. I don't know what to do. And I'm running out, I don't know what else to do. There's someone in a cage. I don't know what to do! I have the keys, but none of them were working. I grab. Can I make a jump to grab? My dexterity-- save or check? They're both the same. It doesn't matter. 22. Yeah. I fell off a boat. Different boat. Ship. Insight. 19. Tell me, friend. Why did they keep you alive? It is. What did they ask you? I think that's a great idea. That's going to be a while. Any tattoos on him? Any I'd recognize? I was on a boat for quite a while, as well. It was a long time ago. All right. Let's say 18. Huh. Okay. What was your captain's name? I was just curious how quickly you'd answer it. It's fine. Carry on. You will be getting food, don't worry, this is not us being threatening, we're just... it's odd finding a man in a cage in the bottom of a terrible ship filled with awful people. That alone makes us like you, but you are a bit weird. It is true. We don't mind if you're disreputable, we just would like to know if you're our kind of disreputable. Oh boy, okay. I feel like that's deeply premature. Immature indeed. God, that's also true. Oh yes. What sort of business contacts? No, not really. Oh, we're not-- we don't need that yet, where's he going to go? One of ours. Oh, okay, I-- Bangarang. Bangarang! Congratulations, Peter. Joy. Sorry. Cluster. No-- well, sort of-- not really-- sort of. It's complicated. We don't pour acid on people-- well, that's not true. No, that's a lie. We don't just pour acid on people, I feel like that's reasonable to say. We don't just pour acid-- -- there's usually context involved. Things are complicated. When it is time to pour the acid, we will undoubtedly make sure that you are on the front-- not yet-- -- but you're good. We can make the brig comfortable. Is it a pirating vessel? And the tension is relieved. The companies themselves have more than one ship, if I recall. I may have some charts that I stole from the other ship, as well. Sure. Is this basically like the thing in Superman 2 where Lex Luthor's playing chess-- Okay. You should Identify it. I imagine you're sitting here going-- At the very least, it could be installed in the ship. They could have it as a possible-- I don't know. It's not like he's hollow. Things. How big is the orb, out of curiosity? All right. Interesting. All right. Does it have smoke inside when you turn it? Like those weird balls filled with weird sand-- We've been tinkering on the ship, so. Science-bro stuff. Do we have to tell you what it is? So he's got this really cool-- You were very cagey about knowing what it is while we were on break, so I didn't know if this was a thing. So I've built a couple housings for these opals. So, you pop the opal in, and it will allow it to create either a concentrated beam-- Spotlight, basically, like a little flashlight, a radiant beam like a torch-- Like a floodlight, or while it's on spotlight, it's got a little railroad thing, it's got a little slot that will go in and give me a little bit of a red vibe, so we can have a low-light red light, and I'm also going to make a little clip so I can stick it on my gun, so I can have a little spotlight on my gun when we're going through a-- Hey, I'm doing okay, just saying. Percy doing okay. And then we have to pop a new opal in. But you crack the opal, you put it in, it's like one hour of either flashlight, and then a little blinder to turn it on and off-- it's basically like a little train lantern. Doing this together? That was pretty good. I got a 19. And mine's proficiency bonus and dex bonus on top of that 19? So that's 30. So they can-- we may even make a little headband so they can pop it on. Well, there goes our sponsor by Hallmark. I'll see if I get my charges back. We're not hanging out all the time, we're being social. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. You guys aren't there. I got distracted. (snorts) (exaggerated laugh) (all laugh) I get that. Well, I don't know when you were-- We obviously did it. I love that so much, it's so-- Yeah, we put the whole thing together. The whole thing put together. Yes! Come in. It's relatively safe. (sighs) Can I crack one? All right. We're using one. It's his father's money. Wait. (laughs) We put it in the box, contain it. All right. Sorry. Get out. It's okay. Out, out, out, out, out. And I boot him out. Oh hi, thank god. And-- Yes, dear? Yes? Oh. Yes, me too. Yes. Okay. I'm gonna sit down and open up a bottle. The Courage, I think, is long gone at this point. I'm going for the Tear whiskey, fuck it Take a swing, and I pass. I was not in a good place, I was-- what I am choosing to describe as great motivation to live a long life. There was pain and sound and I've tried hard not to think about creating words to articulate it, but it was the feeling of being-- it was not pain without end, it felt like pain that would have an end because eventually there would be nothing left of me. I felt consumed. And yes, I heard. It was the only thing I heard. Yes. I know you well enough to know-- trying not to embarrass you, but-- -- yes. Well, I would've, honestly-- I would've never hoped otherwise. You're far too wonderful for an idiot. So (sighs), but I'm more hopeful. I'm not quite as fearful of whether-- I'm worrying less about what may happen when I die again and if I'm going to go back there. I hope not either, and-- That was quick. It was fine, but it was quick, so I'm not sure if that means anything yet. I've overthought this quite a bit and I don't know if you care to hear too many of my fears in this direction, but, I do think about it. Where do the people I kill go? I know you don't have an answer, I don't have an answer either, but-- Does it? Or does it depend on me? Or does it now depend on this thing? Maybe. I don't know, maybe I keep feeding it every time-- I don't quite know how to find out, other than I had a moment where I thought about shooting someone, bringing them back and asking them. There was a moment I thought about shooting someone. Well, if it comes to it, it's something I've had in my back pocket as killing two birds with one stone. That's my thought. And, I worry about what all of this is doing to us, but at the same time, I have such faith in-- I have such faith in you and Keyleth, and occasionally Grog, and occasionally your brother. (laughs) But I'm starting to wonder if this is what all those heroes I read about when I was young, if this is what they felt, is just a lot of getting very comfortable with not knowing and being nervous and wondering if you're really just the villain of someone else's story. But I did hear you, sorry to-- I did hear you and sorry that I didn't say. I treasure every minute, and you remind me to not be so serious. I'm not saying that you're not serious but-- (sighs) I'm done with Tary for the evening. And crossing the whiskey off the inventory. (laughs) There is now! Carpet? I'm gonna get on the carpet and offer it to anybody who likes. What about the boat? With a robot. Robot in the-- Dottie is coming with you. Doty cannot come on the carpet. Yeah well, have fun. More or less. Nah. He's workable. And he does know how to use them. How did that happen just now? How did you just go there? We are going to irritate a kraken. We are going to make it-- We're gonna bring a bottle of Kraken. You know what else we're gonna do? We're not gonna finish it. We're gonna drink most of it, but we're not gonna kill the kraken. Don't kill the kraken. Good game. Good game. Long John Silver! She's gonna go pirate, she's gonna have a patch and a beard-- -- and a peg leg. And like a little cuttlefish instead of a instead of a parrot. (joins singing) No. Is that where you have to roll backwards? You roll backwards there?