I'll bless them, Laura will curse them, it'll be great! And I will be at Amazing Arizona Comic Con that weekend. The Amazing Arizona Comic Con, Saturday and Sunday. That's crazy, the internet has the best sense of humor about everything! Thank you! That's very aerodynamic jerky. It's like garlic. As long as everybody's had the garlic, everything's cool. Check the harbor, maybe? We don't know. Well, that's another place to check. I'm thinking of where I would go if I didn't know what to do-- That's not a bad idea, either. There's a lot of assumptions here. What of Whitestone? Was there any mention, any--? Did you learn anything of the anomaly beneath the castle that might be useful? Interesting, thank you. That was definitely what I was thinking. Well, it's part of a plan. The thought would be to actually remove it from the chamber, maybe. Both, actually. But he wouldn't have known this was coming, though. It does open the door to some definite possibilities. The timing was perfect. Let's go find this tunnel that we paid for. What time is it? When was the last time we actually took a nap? And dragons don't care about night. They can see perfectly fine. It'll at least give everybody time to go to ground. Ouch, I didn't know it went that low. I'm sorry. Yes. Sleep and then go. Quick question, where is the skull? Either you have it or I have it. I don't remember. Was Vex. Okay, excellent. I have a perfectly reasonable hiding place or, if you like, you can take it. Excellent. That will do. Not half of what's missing, but-- I'm ready. With a flair. Right there with you. How do you do that? Red panda. That's cool. You have your map. Stealthy. 39. Wait, 29, sorry. I forgot you can do that. Thieves can't speak. Ooh. My thetan level's at 16 right now. Well, if we're heading that way anyway. We stop by Gilmore's and we do need to check in with the Clasp, anyway. They're going to be helpful. That's true. We can save that for an emergency. He's played some Assassin's Creed. It's a band, they're very good. I pull out my gun. You heard the man. This is everything I wanted. This is going to feel really good. We literally just walked to where we were going. He lead us precisely where we wanted to go. There's nothing clever about that trap. I suppose we'd be hanging back a bit. Well, you got up in their face, so you're-- I was hanging back a bit. Gart-Garthluk. Garthok, Garthok, I'm close. I'm getting it, Garthok. 25. All right, I'm going to Hex the one that she Hunter's Marked. And I'm going to-- Where am I? Oh, there I am. I'm going to run towards that other wall to the left. Yep, all the while taking a few shots at that bastard who I just hexed. Oh, and Sharpshooter shots, because that's funnier. So that's, ugh-- Yeah, so that's not-- That's 14 to hit. Should I just roll all three shots? That's 20. That hits. And 18. That hits. Oh yeah. That's ten, 26, 27 points. 26 points plus one necrotic. That's on the other end of things. Irony. 17 points plus six necrotic. And for my final roll. 17, 18, 19, 20, 25 points plus six necrotic. I move my Hex to the next guy and point at him as I'm running. My armor class is 18. I was about to say, can I take that first 18 and make it-- nah, you know what, I'll take the hit, never mind. Okay. Fire damage? Is that crossbow asshole still standing? The guy who just laughed at our little gnome? Okay. I've just noticed that my guy was going to hit me and then started acting weird, so taking a second to look around, I'm going to see that little laugh with the crossbow coming up and Indiana Jones that shit. I'm putting my Hex on him first. Sharpshooter shot to that guy. I'm not going to hit Pike. Out of curiosity, I'm trying to remember, what's my fuck-up number, my misfire number for that gun? Yeah. It's higher than one, I thought. I did. Oh, okay. Thank you, I was just checking, because I could've just rolled really poorly. Ten. All right, I'm taking another-- Oh, so I'm going to roll it again. I don't know what happened. Okay. Ten. So that-- I know, so now I'm going to reload and fire again. I have advantage though, right? Oh. Oh, yay! Yeah, that hit, then. That hits. This is such a confused gun. Okay. That's not bad. That's 20 plus five necrotic. And I'm going to start walking my way towards Keyleth's special friend. Yeah, about there. I'm not running. I'm walking. Make him shave. I know! Nobody calls him the gangster of love. That's dark. That's dark. Bow. Tie him in a little bow. We're glad you came here. We're trying to collect people at our keep. We were hard to find. It's the beginning of something. Something to start thinking about. I propose a plan. Let's get them back to the secret passage. I think we should-- [no audio] So we have a group of people who are well-organized, with everything to gain by this dragon leaving. They're ready, they're prepared, they're probably more prepared than anybody else would be. And they might be willing to help us. They have tunnels, they have men, they have spies, they have everything we need. Please tell me if I'm wrong here. They might be the friends that we need at this moment. So, a small group goes and gets the gold and the rest of us get Gilmore and the family to the secret passage. I would agree with getting the gold. She's got a point. I'll come-- wait, no, I should probably go. We've got you. Yeah, we wanted to get the family and Gilmore back to the keep first. Let's hold that off. This was my thought, is we take everybody who's down here, we get them back to the castle. In the meantime-- Keep. In the meantime, you get the treasure. Once the treasure is gotten and they're back in the keep, we get together and find the Clasp. 31. And we grab him. No one's noticing us at this point. There's too much going on. Let the kids ride Trinket. We don't know whose they are. Yeah, we'll put them up. I can sleep in my workshop. Sorry. You can watch a bunch of music videos, too, and maybe see some of us.