There's a Witcher Wild Hunt medallion paperweight. This is not kidding around, this is kind of intense! It's a paperweight. You could brain somebody with this. That's a bottle opener right there. Yeah, I have a cameo in it. I'm stealing some of this stuff. It is the six degrees of Lin-Manuel now, isn't it? Kevin Bacon has been unthroned. Lin-Manuel, on the show. We're doomed. And they have their own shop also, and if you're interested you can go and shop at 826, and they have super cool posters and books. And buttons, and all sorts of stuff that you can get that they put out that are super super cool. It is such a good date place. Yeah. The actual quality of the date is not guaranteed, but the quality of the venue-- MARISHA and A very small one. A very small wedding, or a wedding with small people. I say we starting making our way and deal with this. Is it possible they're out of Bad News' range or is that even humanly possible? All right. I double check. Speak now or forever hold your peace, I'm doing this. 1,200. 1,200 feet. 1,200 feet. All right. Taking a shot. Oh, that'll do! 30. Okay. Reload. Actually, I've got a better idea. Hand them one of the stones. We'll find you when it's safe. Hide wherever you need to. Stay away from the castle. We will find you when it's safe. Sure. I'll take another shot. Actually, let's head as a group towards this. I say we run and we take everything that's heading towards us. I'll wait until they're close enough that I can get a good-- I'm taking my first shot. I'm also making it a wing shot. Wing shot, first one. 30. Okay. 26 points of damage, and he has to make a strength save against becoming prone. Same thing, with a drop. I don't crit on a 19 yet, do I? Oh, I know. 32 to hit. I believe it's-- I used to. Oh, 19. It's there, I just couldn't see. That just barely hits. One of those again, okay. Ten points of damage and a constitution saving throw. I'm going to do a Resolve. That's even worse. Do I have to take the worse one for the Resolve? Can I burn another Resolve, just to fuck it, because this is annoying me? I'll find out! Okay, that's a 12. Do I feel--? I'm going to take, on the fall-down, I put Bad News away and I pull Animus out because it's closer now. So I can take easier pot shots at it. 31. How many shots, can I take a full round of shots, or--? I'll take a full round. 31. 26. And 33. Where are my d10s at? That's not a d10. There we go. That's three shots, it's 17-- I'm making sure I do this right because-- 24 points, 34 points, 41 points of damage plus-- Three, it's three, yeah. 41 points of damage plus ten points of psychic damage. That was three shots. Oh, that hits. That does not hit! It's not helpful. I'm going to activate my spider-climbing boots and going to reload and I'm going to start walking around and pot-shotting anything on the ground that's giving trouble. If I see somebody, I'm shooting until they stop. I am going to cast on whatever the biggest one is, and I'm going to cast Hex, which I still have. And I'm taking my first shot. 28. Gun jam! I take five points of damage. Before I went down, I do 15 points of damage plus four points of psychic damage before the gun jammed. It also would have taken six points of necrotic damage to it, so. Yeah. That's nuts. I'm rolling really poorly. Yeah. It's just rolling poorly. No, no. We're dead, we're going to die. I'd love to do it again. We can also take out his ride. 13. Oh, go ahead. I don't have my sword working. He's currently a veggie burrito at the moment, let's keep him that way. I dunno. Why are you asking--? I'm having my own problem. We have to start moving in a direction. Not if you place it right. Reroll. I'm heading that way. I'm going to use my action to try and clear my gun. Tinkering check, so that's nice. It's 18! It's fine! I take six steps forward. And then I use my bonus action... LIAM, LAURA and I'm going to use my bonus action to move my Hex to one of the wyverns that is currently under the net. The wyvern. Yeah. It's fighting everybody too, right? Okay, it's going to make life easier for everybody. Why? Why?! This is not what this book was meant for! I'm going to get a volume for next Christmas. You have a plus two. I'm a little rough, I could use some love. Yeah, either of us. I'm a little lower than you. But you're-- Yeah. We're together. Stumpy legs. Did the lizard man take damage, by the way? It's not in your bag? Warmer, warmer, colder, colder, warmer. They're very distinguished. They have little fun mustaches. Okay! Okay, now that this is happening, I've decided-- I'm already committed to this wyvern and rider over in the corner that have not ceased to be a problem. I assume that they have not ceased to be a problem at this point. But they're going to become a problem if they kill those guards. Okay, that'll do! So I'm going to take three shots at that wyvern. I'm going to start shooting at the wyvern. So, first attack. He's held down by a net? All right, I'll take a sharpshooter shot at him. So, that's-- oh, for the fuck's sake. That's a gun jam. Yep, that's another one. I've got a lot, but I keep-- Ugh, god, that hurt. Okay. That really hurt. Took ten points of psychic damage, because that's funny. I'm irritated. I'm putting that away and I'm pulling out Bad News and taking a shot with Bad News at him because I've got just enough of a round to do that. Another sharpshooter shot, because I'm irritated. Come on. Oh, for fuck's sake. Yeah, I died. I'm dead. Oh yeah, but this is getting stupid. You know, it's almost worth-- It really does suck. That legit sucks. Oh yeah, no, I am. I'm paying a deadly price for this shit right now. I'm going to run toward the-- that's some sort of bastille weapon over there? Is there a-- No, to your-- yeah, right there. What's the thing in the circle? I'm running toward it. Okay! I do. There's another d8. Those are very nice-looking d8s. Once you complete his instructions, you can do anything you want. Yes, I'm low. He's trying to argue that you'll be taking damage and I'm trying to show him that he's wrong. Sorry. You're welcome. I'm at 59. That'll do. Okay. I'm not very-- I'm not being very useful at the moment, but yeah. I'll get back there. Yay! Thank you! Yeah! I had a whole crew of people. I've got people. It's take damage. You have to take damage, you have to complete all of your actions. You can't do that now, though. We're a little weird tonight. This is a musical episode. General Chaos. General Calamity? Okay. I'm cool. I'm going to try and-- Okay, out of curiosity, is that little trebuchet there, is that more-or-less pointed at the wyvern right now? I'm going to-- is it possible that I can get this shot off in one round? It's not like I've got a lot of options here. Like, everything's going pretty iffy as it is. There's honestly not a lot I can do about the bird right now. If I try to run from the bird, is it within striking distance of me? Okay. Well, hardly matters. All right. Let's-- 'It Hardly Matters' is the name of the game. I'm going to see if I can get this-- I guess I'm going to make a strength check to try and-- Standard strength check? Wait, wait, wait. I'm burning my Resolve. Is it just saving throws? It's not--? Oh! Okay, so I'm not burning that, then. Then that does not do anything. I rolled a two. So I got a three. Then I'm going to jump over that thing and run into the tent, 'cause I'm goddamn useless right now. Now I'm going to burn an Action Surge. That hits. Okay. I'm 64. I'm going to burn a bonus for a heal, so I'm going to-- I'm going to burn a Second Wind, my only Second Wind, and take 16 points back. And then I'm going to burn my Action Surge to try and fix the Pepperbox. The Animus box. Thankfully the difficulty is not horrible. Okay. And that's fine! Again. So the Animus is back in action-- Yeah! (laughter) Run! You don't know him like she does. This is technically a magic-- Because I'm weak. Yeah, something that does more damage than the spiritual weapon. High. Has no one noticed that she's doing this yet, by the way? No one has commented that she's doing this. She has a small cow? Wait, is that with sneak attack? Ooh! What! What?! You're going to carve a Christmas animal out of her. I'm going to peek out the tent, just one step. I can see that the wyvern-- I take a look at the field and I see that-- Okay, so that's happening, but I can see that we have a problem with Scanlan. So I'm going to take some shots at the creatures that are attacking Scanlan. I'm going to attack the wyvern, not the rider. First shot-- actually, you know what? I haven't tried this yet, and this could be fun. I'm going to try a piercing shot and see if I can hit the rider and the wyvern. So, starting with the wyvern, and then-- all right. Come on, don't be an asshole. Eh, that's not terrible. 19? Oh, for the rider? That's 25. I'm going to take another double shot at the two of them. That's a 26 to hit. And then the second one, which jumped, is 30 to hit. Better. 15 points of normal damage, three points of psychic damage. Which means I still have one shot left. That's fine. I'm going to take one more shot. I'm going to do a sharpshooter shot at the wyvern. I'm also going to, just to be an asshole, I'm going to do a push shot at him. I'm going to do a torso push. So that's, double-checking, okay. That's fucking terrible. God damn it. Again. And another ten points of psychic damage. And I've lost that grit point, because I burned that grit point on the bird. So, ow! Run back in the tent. God damn it. And deep into the tent. Like, halfway into the tent. I did well, and then I jammed again. I've done, like, 30 points of damage to myself. His heart breaks before the arrow hits. (laughter) Don't. You're a horrible person. I have two guns to fix at some point. Okay. Do I get a bonus if I'm not in the middle of combat, or is that still the same tinkering check? So number one, yes! That goes well, that's a 17. That was on Animus. And then Bad News, which is slightly easier to fix, does not fix. Bad News is broken. Yeah, I'm going to need to sit there with some money and spend some time with it. In theory, I should have some vials left. Not a gallon's worth. We have something else. Where's the body? We can interrogate him. Just because he's dead doesn't mean he doesn't have to talk to us now. The defenses of the city. I think he'll know that he's dead. So the trickery, I think it may be-- I would say it's probably either an appeal or a threat. I can threaten him. I can threaten him. I will threaten him if necessary, but we can try the carrot before the stick. How did they find out where we were? What are the strengths of their army? What are their weaknesses? Who in the city, especially. Also, other questions may lead to other questions. (quietly) How did they find out where we were? How did he find Fort Daxio? But we don't know, like-- Who? Who within the city still fights-- who within the city still fights against the dragon? Who will be our allies, who can we trust? Thordak doesn't trust anybody. No. That's where they-- that's theirs. Or what does Thordak fear? Four. We have the stone, you can find the boys with the stone. If you would like to use the stone to pick up the boys-- I say we sleep here for the evening. We also can go through whatever materials the invading army left behind. Cannibalize them for our own. I suppose we can eat. No, we can't leave anybody here. But it's interesting. If we're lucky, he's going to send more troops to attack and we can be long gone by then. We can't leave anybody here. We either abandon or we rally at this point. And now that we know there are forces underneath Emon, that is good news. That is very good news. They saw us. We could meet them at Emon. They're marching towards Emon. We want them here. We don't have four days. 55 men in a broken citadel is not a plan. It was a plan before, it's not a plan now. These things have to change. So we have to be very careful of where we go and what we do. Or we can send half the troops, as many as we can, tonight, stay here, and in the morning send the rest, and we can go with them. Well, it is a fort. They have a system. I need to sleep. 'Thank God'? All right, why? What's happened? Oh! Yes. I just assume that everything is going to be bad news for the next-- Just assume that I'm going to assume everything is terrible every time I see you for the next two months. Yes, we're alive. Oh, no. We'll put them to work. They will be useful. Yes. All right. Asum? I assumed. Well, things have not been going well on our end; how about yours? Well, to the room. Daxio was discovered and attacked prematurely. A group has already-- a small strike group came and attacked the fort, did damage-- I wouldn't necessarily call it significant damage-- Decimated it. Broken clock. That's a very good guess, Grog. I've completely lost my train of thought. This changes much. We should also probably tell them about Xanthas, that we did have... The room. There is worth telling, is that he had already turned and was working for the Cinder King. And he is now no longer with us. We're going to have to go to Emon. There will be several armies, we will have allies. There will be troops to create distractions, there will be troops that go into the tunnels, there will probably be a group of troops that go in to try and pierce the lair. We will create chaos. It could actually pick up the people there. We do have-- Well, we do have our own tunnel into the city that we can show-- Is anybody using our tunnels into the city? If the keep is clear, that does give us access. Possibly clear access. Allura signed up for this fight. And we're going to lose many more. Gilmore doesn't want to go either. Unless Gilmore feels like volunteering. No, actually, Allura won. All right. Shit's happening.