C drive? USB port? HTTP? Forward slash? Ugh! Speak English! All these wires and cables! I can't take it anymore! For a system like that? It's got to cost, what? $200, maybe? $300 a month? $100,000 a month! I literally burn five-dollar bills to stay warm on chilly nights. What was that URL again? One more time. I'm caught in wires. There we are. We don't actually have an official theme yet, but I have a strong sensation that it's probably going to be something about Riverdale. I get the vibe that we might be going to Riverdale. There might be a teenage witch. Maybe a band. I don't know. We'll see. It's not official yet, but I'm working on it. You got your Nerdist in my Geek and Sundry. That's so disgusting. It was far down there. Are we within earpiece-shot? (sings) Sail! And this was the end. Why am I drinking your coffee? I'm going to stop right now. We all were wearing the necklace, so we all got a beep. I felt something. We have some amazing physics books that we will actually get into at some point. Have you two found that diamond-- oh, sweet Pelor! I think somebody's got a carpet ride down the hill coming to them. I have to confess, I've been feeling a bit stir-crazy myself. Not jump-off-cliffs stir-crazy, dear god. I'm just saying that I understand the impulse. This was not necessarily the best expression of it. I think let's take a nap and then maybe go out-- I literally have books on the subject. Let's all go home, have a drink, and discuss this over a drink. Because I think this may speak to a larger issue amongst us that maybe you are the canary in the coal mine, here. Was it "I'm a golden god?" You're not still alive, you're alive again! Yes, I think everybody has at least been dead for a moment at this point. Technically, yes. We could make another Kiki out of what you're wearing right now. He died at the palace. Maybe we need a hobby? That was magical. To be fair, a goldfish, even at that velocity-- although the velocity would have lessened it more. That's so true. We were living Tolkien and now we've suddenly shifted into Game of Thrones. It got very dark, very random, very quickly. We're going to have their vehicle searched for anything that doesn't belong to them, and then made ready for them outside the city bounds. Do we have anybody with a criminal background search the vehicle? I would like someone extremely sketchy to search. Actually, Vax, would you search the vehicle? Including anything that you think would be in more capable hands if they were in your hands. Vax, quick check to see if there's anything we care about. All right, just wanted to make sure there wasn't anything (sighs) complicated. Leave the gold, obviously, and the food. There's a sign that says "Closed for adventuring." This is a form of nepotism. It's pretty reasonable. Is this the same day, or has it been a day now? Oh, thank god. How often do you just eat strangers' cream puffs? You're right, that is fun. Well, if it's all the same, I may have another prospect for JB anyway. It can't possibly be that good. This is why we're the cool table. Bake her into the pies. Well, there is another option. Which is that we have a giant pile of histories and library and novels in our collected library, and we are searching for information about the thing underneath the castle, and we need readers. We need lots and lots of people to read lots and lots of books. Or you could sit in the castle and read diaries and ancient tomes of Whitestone. I definitely notice. I don't care. We haven't done that in quite a while to be fair. Just checking, do you want to know no matter what? Good or ill? Fair enough. Speaking of deeply distrustful persons. JB, do you want to come see the library? Does anybody else want to come? Oh! Absolutely, in the best possible way. I'm highly excited, and I think you're going to do very well. See? Oh, that made me happy. This is more work than we put in hiring our first castle guards. And a pot, and if you break it, there's five coins. And throw them at chickens. At least we know, and there's no harm in being careful. It's not like it's never happened before. It's not the first time that we've been trusting and been betrayed. Or the second or the third. It's reasonable to be a bit cautious and we were a bit cautious. Of cakes. To be fair, we are going to be eating them. I assume we've gotten to the library. I don't know. There are books I read as a child. Everywhere. Bless you. The Game of Logic by Lewis Carroll. Gives me the sense that this kid's going to be fine. Just showing her what we would like to pay her to do. Which is all of these books, there's this huge section that are mostly histories, diaries, folk tales, or otherwise. Take one of these slips of paper when you read a book. You write your name on it and you leave it in the book. Then anytime you find anything peculiar-- a ghost story or a strange occurrence in any of these books. Anything at all that might be fanciful or unexplained, you mark with a piece of gold thread and put it back on the shelf and then one of the other librarians will come and find that book and bring it down for further study. You just have to find the most interesting of these books and make sure that they're well marked. I had a funny feeling. What makes a book interesting? I genuinely don't know how to answer that. There's not a lot of that in this library. Well that's the trouble with looking for something that if you don't know what it is. But if in one of these diaries someone remarks upon a strange murder or a ghost story, or honestly, anything interesting that's a bit peculiar, you just mark it and then we take a look. That way we thin out the amount that we have to read down to a manageable amount. That does help, yes. I assumed. Where is Pike? If she would like her own room, that can absolutely be arranged. I pull two engineering books off the shelf and hide them. I feel like this has been taken care of. You know the system. Would you like an extra bed sent? That can be arranged. Take another look at the thing downstairs. It's been here an awful long time now. We don't even know if they created it or if they found it. The castle's always had strange stories. Yes? I've thought about it. I definitely think there's something on the other side of this, and this thing is how I think I know that our work is not yet done. I dream about it sometimes. Do you ever come down and just look at it? What do you see? Let's back up a bit of a distance. Well, we can actually get to the edge where magic starts again and then it might reconnect once it goes through. What?! I'm so proud of you! It shouldn't work, but it did! No, this is a whole chunk of stuff. Briefly, back in the old days, they were experimenting with texting us whispers. I'm glad we stopped trying to text each other whispers. Her eyes go white and it's just (scribbling). Yay. Three syllables. We're being invaded by dingbats. You didn't. Really? We have to figure out how to-- is there a way to make sure we get every detail? I'm finding pen and paper; we're writing everything you can remember down. Is there a way to recall someone's memory in perfect detail, is there any sort of magic that can actually-- Okay. This shit's happening! It was the Backblaze dimension? This is spectacular! This is great! We have to let everybody know! Oh god, we have to let everybody know. And I grab her and we bolt out. No? Yes? Maybe? I don't know! I'm not sure. This is a breakthrough. We have a breakthrough! We have a breakthrough! I am running to Cassandra, who I'm sure is asleep. We have a full Roman sauna underneath, but that's fine, whatever you need. Natural 20, Natural 20! It's that night. The trick is it requires human sacrifice. I'm calling a meeting of the council. I'm sending out the word. I'm telling everyone that we have new information. Yeah, I'm starting it now so that people who are not here can figure out their way here. Not them. To the studying council, anybody who's been studying the object. I'm letting everybody know as quickly as possible. There's new information. He'll find out in the morning. This is good. We'll start looking with the new data as soon as everyone gets here. This is excellent. Excellent! Good night. Go to sleep. Why are you awake? No! And I'm out the door. I run to Vex's house. We're done. Yeah. Yes. If he wanted to be found, he'd be found. His daughter's there, and maybe he is possibly smart enough to explain to her how that stone works. Not successfully. Not since I briefly found him and then I lost him. But I always have people looking. I think maybe bigger things will help. It's been too quiet. No. I mean, I've enjoyed it. This has been great, everything, everything has been great. This is wonderful, but I will admit I miss-- I don't know what I miss. I miss it, though. I feel like I'm tempting fate and I'm going to regret everything I say right now, one day. Maybe we can shut it down for good. Maybe we're going to go find a small black tower somewhere filled with death and despair. No. Keyleth had a bit of day. Well, Vex had a brilliant idea. Recently, you came to a very interesting power. This is everything as she described it. This is everything I could write down. We've been very busy. We can get you back there today, if you think time is of the essence. Why did you go to Emon? I think we're good. Why are you awake? Nothing. Never mind. This changes everything. I'm changing the research focus in the library specifically to things on this subject so that we can more focus. She was going to come to the castle. Check the book! Doty's book. I know. I helped build this thing. Can I figure out how to get the book to eject? That's so cocked. That's a natural 20. Does that look like part of Doty? Is it magical? That's a 21. I genuinely don't actually know what this word means. I normally have some clue about a word. Should we call everyone? Let's not call everyone. Who should we call? Let's call everyone. Has anybody seen Tary? He's not. Can you have some coffee and come down here, quickly? Yes, what? Three coffees. I popped the book out, right? I have my things upstairs. One second. I'm going to get all of my tools. I have everything on me including the cloak, because I want to be able to absorb any magic that comes off of what looks like possibly a bomb? Just going to be careful. I'm going to very gently remove the book. Flip to the last written page. I'm waiting for Keyleth. I'm putting the book back. Thankfully, we have a scry spell or two. Look at that. That doesn't look normal. Once everyone clears out of the room, I will try and remove it. I am going to try and remove it. Let's see what happens. I'm going to use the cloak to pull it off so that I'm shielded from it if anything happens. It just means we knock her unconscious as opposed to killing her when we get there. It will be fun. Let's do this. Well, this we can deal with. A roadside inn. We know were Tary comes from. We know which roads one would take to get there from Whitestone, conveniently? We could do a Locate Object. Go check Hilda's house, as well, for clues. Then why is she at an inn? Well, if she is at what sounds like a waypoint, and if you can travel as far as you want, why would you need a waypoint? I am good at math, why? What sort of math? Last night. It wasn't necessary a bamf. It might have just been, in and out, get on a horse and head towards-- How far could they have gotten on horseback? Within the reasonable-- 100 miles. There's only so many roads that lead out of the city. I'm pulling out a map and I'm marking any roadside tavern that's within 100 miles of the city. I can't make Doty do things, can I? Doty, look at me. Never mind. Oh. Yeah. I gave him the book back. Yes. Doty, don't do that. I've got a plan. I need to borrow the scrying orb. I'm going to make a list. On a map, I'm going to mark every roadside inn within about 200 miles. Okay. Where's the sun? We'll finish this and I'll give it a few hours for the sun to go down so that I can actually figure out what direction the inn is facing. Save the sphere. I've got a plan. In the meantime, let's search Hilda's house. We're going to get him back. Now. Right. Do I have enough of an angle on the sun now, where this should be doable? Figure out which way is north, south, east, and west if I try and scry on Tary? All right. Kiki, let's do this. Well, you're giving me the orb, since you have the orb. And I'm going to give it back to you when I'm done. I did. Yes. Sure. I'm going to try and glean as much information about the nature of the landscape around the person that I'm focusing on as humanly possible. Help with type of plants, whether or not it's getting south, east, west. Not north. Most probably south. Which way is the shadow of the horse? This is not my strong suit. That'll do, though! 22. They've gone east. They're still on the northern end of the continent, if they're on the continent at all. East on Wildmount. Is there any other sign? Can I see a tree? Is it giving me any sense of anywhere I've been before? That'll do. Well, that'll do. They're taking him home. They're on horseback. They're already quite far... I don't know precisely where they are, but if we can make our way to-- They're going by horse. They'll probably be there sooner rather than later, would be my guess. Well, the city that Tary's from-- It would be best to go there and cut them off. We know that they're coming from the west. There's got to be a way to get there. How far is it? How far away is it? How far away is the city from us? How many days on horseback? So if we misted... Draconia. How close would Draconia be to this? That's not bad. We could misty from Draconia. But you can't Tree Stride today, can you? No, that was the same day. We could be there-- We could be there in hours, if need be. Gear up, everyone. She was nice! She was tied up by a bad person! She was tied up by some elfy Boba Fett. She was fine. To be fair, carbs are never really your friend, are they? Sam's shirt. Northeast? So I say we head north first. Find the main road. We did know that they were on a road headed west. Heading east. Which means if we head north and then the minute that we hit that main road start heading in that direction, we might even pass them on the way and be able to identify a horse. Not really my area of expertise, but 22. History check, correct? 22. What's the name of the city, one more time? Deastok. So it's a bit Prussian? Okay. That will do. So don't expect a lot of hospitality, and let's just have our business, get it done, and get out. We're going to fly up until we see the main road. We see the main road, we're going to take it towards the city. We're going to stay a bit high. If anyone spots a lone horse and a rider with a human-sized package on the back, we're going to do a little spin-around, spin-around, spin-around, and we're all going to park ourselves maybe a quarter of a mile up the road. We land inside the gates. From what I know of this city, it's not a locked city, is it? So we can walk in if we need to, but let's not make any waves unless we need to. Doing air math; it's great. Nothing quite like air math. I'm just heading the direction-- I can't hear you. (airy laughter) I'm going to be keeping an eye out for anybody on the road. 12. I keep skirting around, looking for a lone horseman. (hiccups) I'm going to scout around a little closer to the ground and see if there's anybody. Maybe any of the paths off the main road where someone might be hiding and just run through the trees looking for anything. I'm searching around a little bit. I know we're close to the city, and I'm keeping an aerial view because we should be able to see an awful lot from high up. No interest of getting anywhere near that. I'm popping back on the road. We can land and have a conversation. Yes. Tary, can you hear us? All right! His dangly bit. His Tary. Squaring his hypotenuse. His dangly bit. Yeah. I'm going to try and motion everyone to follow me in a circle around the city and then back out the front gate. I don't know. Maybe we beat her. I'm going to try and motion everyone-- Just a little. Not far. Back onto the road. And off the road so that we're not super visible. About an hour's walk to the city is where I want to put us. Well, we've either beat them here or she's really clever. Do we have a way of scrying one more time before the day is up? But it's the road that we've... So we could, in theory, mist low to the ground on this road in that direction, and in theory catch up with them. Just the one. I say we mist that way. All right. I'm going to start making my way a decent distance and running a little bit off the road, I'm going to try and find some cover and get ready to injure a horse. Stealth roll? Stealth roll is-- oh that's not bad. 21. Plus ten. 31! And I'm getting down. I'm preparing for the shot. I'm also going to activate the secondary mechanism in the Diplomacy glove. I was actually going to-- the second she started to leave the road, I take a shot. At the horse's legs. Disadvantage? Can I burn a grit for it? I'll burn a grit for this. This is worth a grit. That's not great, but it's not bad. 20. That's a strength saving throw or prone. 20. Oh, and also takes damage. I did. I really shot it. It didn't have a good day. Do I have enough... There's no horse left. Yeah, oh boy. That's 30 points of damage. That's my maximum damage with a single unaffected shot. I'm keeping a second shot. The second I see her head, I am taking a head shot on this girl. Nope. 11. I'm slowly making my way a little closer to the action, but I'm going to find a place where I can watch both sides of the road and also what's happening off the road right now. Actually, if you come-- well, that would be interesting, actually. I think it might be an easy way into the city. I think that's fair. LAURA and Pretty quiet. It's a bit her fault. Why doesn't she just owe us one favor to be claimed later? I am Groot. Bidet. It's going to be a dark window, isn't it? This entire trip. I'm very curious. Let's see this place. Ow! Oh god! That's all right, it's not my shooting arm. I know. It's okay. Yeah, ow. Yeah. I'll need a bit more later. Thanks. He's got a point. Not me. Rusty Trombone. Where is your sister? I own more than your tribe owns. We were working on that particular compliment, and I feel like we have a little way to go. Do you think she knows about this? What do you want to do? I'm not even sure if that's something that should be entertained. It's not fair to her, either. That's a bad example. No, I mean he's right that money would have solved this. But that's not the lesson. Keyleth is right. We're here. We can figure out a way out of this. We're smart, we're clever, we're powerful. And what's one more cliff? Not again. I want to find out what your sister knows. I don't necessarily see how two wrongs right anything here. It's just really kicking the ball down the road while you make another random human being you have not met miserable. Oh, this is so depressing. I'm not going to even pretend that this is true. Absolutely not. No. You'll be miserable, and that will make her miserable. We are bad news for anybody like that. I'm sure it would be worth their time to get us out of town, possibly get you out of town. You can't be good for business. Some bells? Absolutely. I'm going to regret this, but yes. I like that you approve of the arranged marriage, but it's the bells that really-- Nothing happened. Bludgeoning. He doesn't like to brag. Every fucking moment of my backstory, man. I'm so excited for this shit. Bonus backstory. One fucking page. You came up with most of that shit off on your own. You didn't even write it down. Maryanne was off the cuff? I thought it was because your Logan's Run crystal started flashing. That goldfish wouldn't have remembered it very long either.