Are we? Yeah, I'm so glad they wrote out the exclamation point. Pitbull. (groans) You know what, I've done a con in Anchorage. It's nice. I like it. They've got moose. What's the next thing? Oh, yes, that! That's amazing. You could find him. Hunt him down if you wanted to. Oh, god, I am. As soon as we're done here, I go home and pack and get on an airplane. I will be at Amazing Comic Con in Vegas all weekend. Yeah. Sleep is never gonna happen. LAURA, ASHLEY, AND Never. You can meet me, slightly deranged, all weekend at Amazing Comic Con with a bunch of other Street Fighter kids, and it's going to be a great time, and be right next to the Library Bards. Bonnie Gordon, yeah yeah. Yeah, be hanging with them. Good times. I know where that is. I have some errands, if that makes anybody feel better. I have some errands to run. Sure. Actually, yes. I would love some help with my errands. That shouldn't be a problem. You're getting smarter. We have rooms. Why don't we go claim our rooms and I'm sure they can lead us to everywhere we need to go. And we can meet back there when everything is done. To the Slayer's Take. They may have a buyer. LAURA and Keep a few of the scales, obviously. We'll talk about the cold bag for now and see if there's anything else they want to talk about. I really thought you'd be better at this. No, it was before that one. We do have some white scales left over, don't we? I have a thing I'm thinking about. Certainly not anymore. This is no reason to get rid of something for wholesale. I'm just going to point out, since-- LIAM, LAURA, AND We should drink those, first of all. That is the only thing that makes sense. And I feel-- and I apologize if it seems like I say this a lot, but I do have a castle that we can drop things at, and we can leave them there, perhaps get back to them at a later date. Yes. Yes, drop everything off, create a little nest of what we need. You found the troll dick, didn't you? Oh, I bet those have gone really bad. Do they just turn to stone? Ooh. Is it in the direction where I have to go? I need to resupply everything. Okay. Yes, you will. This is out of-- I don't know if this is going to be any help or anything, by the way, Vax, but just in case. I'm going to reach in and pull out the mask and hand it to Vax. Just in case. Yes? I do. We'll talk about that. But I've found in moments when I was feeling less than brave that pretending to be somebody else on occasion, even afterwards, can be helpful. Just some spit. And something that smells nice in the front that will help. It helps cleanse the air. I don't know why. I'm feeling... what would be the word? Superstitious. You know, I kind of like it. Of all the options of the world that you've given me... This is really your fault as much as it's mine. (sighs heavily) I know. Let's just all be ginger. (louder) Hello? Victor, are you home? It's Percy. Hold on. (louder) Hello, you up there? Hello? Where is the owner of this domicile? How long has he been gone for? Do you have any idea where he's been off to? Well, I'm going to pop in and check really quickly, just letting you know. I gingerly open the door. Can I check for traps? Oh, yay, that's not that bad. Investigation? I never use that. 11. No, 12. 12. All right. Oh, dear. No, I don't see anybody in here. He's not necessarily always a believer in coin. Sometimes he just wants some trade. Also, I need to talk to him about some personal issues. Oh, sweet gods of Pelor! Okay. I'm going to go try and lift it. (laughs) No! Hello, Victor. I was just to give you money. You were stuck-- you had gotten stuck down-- what is down there? His Mayan building. Can you not understand simple English? Are you all right? Are you sure? Grog, Scanlan? (stutters) Come on in, he's fine. I know. Grog, can you lift the poor-- I need him mostly intact. Treat him slightly better than you would treat a member of your own family. More than slightly better. Much better. Well, I was hoping to buy a little bit more black powder from you, if possible, and I'm curious if you had anything else for sale, and I wanted to ask you a couple of questions, just about other customers again. I know. You do. One question? First question. Has a one-armed lady, a one-handed lady, a doctor come by to purchase-- I know. Victor, I think you know how I feel about that, but you're a very attractive man, and-- Are you dating right now? Okay. (laughs) I can't. I'm sorry. I'm good. Well, I was going to offer, I was originally going to offer some gold if you like, but if you'd like, I could make you a tool you could use with your current predicament. Some sort of simple clawing mechanism for grasping, lifting, not getting caught in your mine. I love trade. Trade is brilliant. I would ask one other thing, if I am to do this for you. You have a question? That was everything I could have hoped for, and more. Really, don't. Has Dr. Ripley-- has a woman come by to buy black powder, one hand, one mechanical hand, one normal hand? Mechanical hand? I'm going to make you something, nice and useful claw piece, yes. No, I can make a better hand. You're going to need to give me quite a bit of black powder for that. And more questions. Is that recent? It doesn't look that recent. Oh, that's recent. That's wet. That's very wet. I can work with that. I can work with that. I'm going to go construct you something that will be perfect for your needs. I have a great idea. I will need another hogshead and a half of black powder and a little information about another customer and then I will leave you to your work. Is that fair? He eats a lot of pork. Thank you. (grunts) I will put this in something reasonable. I'll be back in just a little bit with-- actually, do you have a glove that you used to wear, or anything like that? Do you have something? I can take measurements from that. I'm going to be busy. Can you cast the-- She's not here. To? I don't think she can just fix his hand. While I'm tempted-- would you just-- I feel like I made a deal. I'm just going to have to see to it. Would you prefer a real hand or a claw hand? That's what I thought. This is projects for us. And believe me, I would like-- Keeping him happy is pertinent. I can make this myself, it's just very difficult. Yes? That's very easy to do. She has no aesthetics whatsoever. Don't worry about it. It'll be fine. And if you can't do the mansion, I know where I can go get some work done. If not, I know where I can work on something. I will be back. I will not leave town before I've delivered to you something-- Oh! Absolutely fair. Yes, of course. No. That's fine. We'll be back! It'll be good. Are we going to go find a hat shop, then? All right. We will be back. Stay safe. Yes. No. Just. We'll be back. Bye! And I'm just right. It's... a thing. You're not alone. I'm going to go see if the Slayer's Take has-- I cannot handle any more of that. That was brutal. So, I'm going to go see if there's-- if there's not a blacksmithing, if there's not somewhere I can do a bit of basic smithing work and technical work, then I'm going to go find that blacksmith from last time. Well, I'm going to go find that young chap from before. 50 gold for the day? Can I use all of his tools and just my own materials? I'm going to run and find Vax, get my stuff, and go to work. I've sent him with a shopping list. I'm going to need a cheap gauntlet, some saddling straps, three tankards, a pick-axe, and two clocks. That's right, I've got. (snorts) I give-- I do. I give him-- This is what happens. That was Riegel. Don't read that. That's not necessary. And I need that man's dick to finish the arm. Despite the dick on my page, I'm going to give Scanlan 100 gold to take with Grog to find some junk items that they can put together. If you're down. I love you. I don't even need an articulated gauntlet. It just needs to be a clamp. We'll be cleaning that off the floor for ages. How have we lived with this idiot? What is the world coming to? (groans) EVERYONE I don't know what you people did, but... Okay. I'm sitting with my tea and my tools, trying to ignore these people. Please don't explode. Oh, Jesus H. Fucking Christ. Please. (muffled) Please inspire. Do it. Do it, you bloody gnome! Better! Thank you. Proficiency, tinkering, plus the-- Okay, so proficiency, dex, okay, thank you, god. 23. 2. Made it 12. It's not complicated, but I've got a good design, and it has two nifty things. It doesn't actually have fingers. It's a mitt piece, strap-on, it can lock the thumb and lock the hand so you can open it, lock, close it, lock. It's got little flip-locks. You can detach the hand and put a pick spike on for mining. Like a mining punch. It's more Dustin Hoffman "Hook", but, you know. Because it's got the click, pull, click. I can do it with all these things. I can graph it. So. Reasonable. It's not pretty. I also carved a little message inside that will not matter unless it actually becomes pertinent. You don't get to know until you ask offscreen. I do go and deliver it. (knocks) Victor? I've got your hand. Do you want your hand? I don't see why they're mutually exclusive. Yes, that's quite good. I love your hat. It looks it. I did. I grabbed your hand and I will show you. It is very special. I have a special set of pajamas myself, so I understand. (alarmed stuttering) Let me show you. It attaches like this. Here are the two switches. (clicking) And for your mine. I grab, hit the button, twist, pull. And I get the spike and attach it. Remove it, put the hand back on. Tea? Sure. Why not? Always say yes. To new hands. (hoarsely) Victor. (laughter) Ohhh, probably. Has a woman been by to buy black powder? (coughs) Has a woman been by? Weeks? I did not. Do you know where she goes? Did she? What did she pay? How much black powder did she buy, Victor? Only counts to two. I'm so sorry. (laughter) Really? And how often does she come by? Okay. (sighs) Thank you. I'm so pleased. I may stop by one last time before I leave town, just to say goodbye. Thank you. It... certainly scalded something. Thank you. That was very lovely and that was very charming and I unfortunately have business in the-- One more and then I must go, thank you. Yes, of course. (uncertain laughter) Remember that it's attached to bone. You can still break your arm, so be gentle. Thank you. Good night! Have a lovely evening. Good night. Aah. Pleasure, as always. Thank you. I leave in a little bit of a panic. Yeah. Yeah, okay. We're sticking around for a day? I'm going to take a long walk before I come back and I'm going to walk by the Raven Queen temple and just... peek inside. I'm just going to gently open the door and peek inside and see if anybody's inside. I walk in just for a moment and take a look around. I'm going to gently look around and slowly back up and see if I can see anyone. What do I have to pay to fix this? I leave. I walk briskly towards it. I'm going to charge after them. I knock. Three times. Hello? Please. (sighs) Something terrible has happened. I don't understand how these games work. I need help to fix something. Something terrible has happened! You obviously care little for this world. I start to back out. I don't think I can be fixed. There is something broken in the world. ...I don't understand how these things work. I'm so sorry. Where do you wish me to go? (disbelieving laugh) (sighs) ...I strip. And put it aside. Put my clothes in the corner. You're filthy. And I go into the pool. We're cold people. (sighs) We're doing this. And I swim down until it's uncomfortable. I'm going to head to the surface. I don't know what's... (sighs) I do not do well with this. Yes, I do. (takes deep breaths) Do you know what I've done? I have questions. First is, can we stop it? Can we stop what's been released? Is there something I can do? Did it choose me because I was broken, or did it break me? Can it be fixed? But the first deed is so... there's so much, and I don't think any of them see it. I want it to die before anybody sees it. Can you help? I know. There is nowhere I can look for healing? Other than deeds? I like to fix things. I'm going to take my sword and I'm going to very carefully scrape my body clean of the blood, as much as I can, and I'm going to take the back of my shirt and clean my hair off as much as I can. I'm going to take a vial of the blood in the pool. One tiny bit. I'm going to put my clothes back on... and I'm going to cast Hex on myself for my walk home and banish it before I come in the door. I'm going to walk quiet and late and go tinker on a little thing for a minute until I pass out. (groan) 32?! Oh my god, what the-- I couldn't have rolled that. Like, that would've been a natural 20, would have been the only way around that. No, very specifically they don't. Let's drop off our-- Oh, I already picked it up. Oh, you have a hat. I say we drop everything-- we take a pit stop in Whitestone and head towards the Feywild. Yes. It does, actually. Ah. Do I know anything about the Feywild? Roll the credits scroll. Let's empty our bags, let's prepare ourselves. There are certainly stories in the woods of Whitestone of strange happenings, so I'm sure there's probably some connection to the Feywild, and we'll see what happens. Well, we have something. Which, to be fair, is probably going to keep a dragon away. Yes. Let's go to Whitestone. Really? I would have a theory as to what it was. Should I roll to figure out that this is probably an active volcano? I'm down. No! Wow. Natural 1. I'm distracted. Taming of the Shrew fits, yeah. You do... have a point. That is true. We could go steal an airship! Then we wouldn't have to go to Whitestone. It would hold all of our things. LAURA AND We could hold all of our things on the airship, and I could have cannonades... We won't need the airship if the dragons are dead. No. You'll make a fine sailor. Quite. Yeah, Shaun. Tattooed at the small of his back. Sure. Good patron. You do nothing but brighten these halls. An excellent argument. Yes. I genuinely have no idea what you're talking about. 40 minutes. Same plane as the break room. 5 minutes is 15. (laughs) I assume there's clean clothes for everybody in their quarters? And I'm going to arrange for our stuff to be stowed in the vault. Oh, I am dressed. Sit down, have a beer, watch our game. Yes, of course. So it's fair to assume that at the other end of this is something old, something trapped, something hungry. Let's not. This is disappointing. Yes, that's right. I was hoping that perhaps we could talk about some engineering possibilities of finding ways that science can measure what it is where magic cannot. Something safe. In this sense, as it stands. I'll sketch something with my copious free time. Any fortifications would be helpful. I have another request in that direction that might help. If there was a way to spread the word in this city and amongst those who travel, to not speak of us. We should probably not be hailed in this city at all. Our names should be stricken from any record of it. Best to be nameless, at this point. It's for everybody's. (cracks up) You're a terrible person. Oh! Oh no. Or just the letter C. If they came there, they would've been provoked, I figured. Do we know where these-- where these dragons have been all this time, where they were banished to? Wait, then Thordak was banished to the Fire Plane? I've had a terrible thought, and it is sort of my business to have terrible thoughts. What else has been banished to the Fire Plane? Well, I say this because if I were to slowly open the portal to the Fire Plane and power it and make it bigger and bigger and bigger, eventually it would be a hole into that dimension that's big enough for a dragon to fit through, but still not big enough for me, so I need to keep eating, to make it bigger. And maybe they might be looking for what's down there so they can feed it and make a bigger hole. Just a thought. It may be nothing. I have terrible thoughts. It's a terrible thought. That may not have been the portal. That may just be where he escaped. That power may still be flowing. It's the best wine. Look how clever food makes all of us. (whispering) Fuck. He might be looking for something, or might be making-- We can only be so hopeful that they tear each other apart. Our best hope, at this point, is just to amass power. We are not strong enough. But we will get stronger. Unless they know what's underneath the castle, there's nothing of value here. I love game meat. It lives. It lives. We will be returning. I feel like the Feywild calls to us. Ocean next. Born and raised. (cracks up) Stupid to settle. I was about to walk out the door, but if you're walking-- Do you want to take a walk with me? We take a very quiet walk around Whitestone. I want to pass all of the temples that are either still standing or destroyed. I just want to take a temple tour. Not stopping, not talking, I just want to see what they look like. Pelor looks good. The one in the cemetery? While in the cemetery-- I assume that it's still a mess. There were a couple of lords' crypts in there. Was there an Anders family crypt, at one point? Cool. All right. I'm going to walk back to the castle, with you in tow, and I'm going to find Zahra. Yes. Come. I have a task for you, if you have the time and energy for something a bit quiet, but necessary. I'm going to have the deeds to the Anders family crypt transferred to your name. I want you to clean it out. Throw the bodies wherever; he has disgraced himself. Clean them. And if you can, if you can find people who can do it, I want to very quietly, in that crypt, create a small shrine to the Raven Queen. This will help. And I bring out the vial of blood from the pit. Perhaps they will know what to do with that. But I would like her to have a quiet mark in this city. ...It's for your brother, so that he can help us. We're apparently all in this together. Oh. Thank you. We need all the help we can get. Tell anyone you'd like where I went. It's not a secret. I just wasn't ready to... I don't think your brother-- I would hate for him to think I'm competing. I just had some questions. Thank you. Thank you for noticing, and... I'm trying hard not to make it my business. It's hard to remember sometimes. That's awful, isn't it. (sighs) I'm going to go to my room-- Yes? I'll talk to my sister on the way out. I'll write her a letter and see if they can-- they may have to delve into our materials for it, but I think we're good. We'll talk about using our materials for such a thing, and I will talk to her about that. I'm going to do my little thing and if it works, great, and if not, we'll speak not of it for a while. Better! 30. I craft a brooch. It's not even a brooch, it's a clasp. I had built these pieces of it earlier on in the game. For the last three weeks I've been working on this. I've taken the raven skull that you gave me and made a mold and poured melted silver into a bird skull, a silver bird skull. Taken a ruby and set it behind it, built it into a clasp that does not reflect, and in it, put a sachet of-- satchel... MARISHA and Thank you. My brain? Coffee. Of myrrh and-- (snorts and laughs) Myrrh, sandalwood, opium, and dragon's blood. Not real dragon's blood, but dragon's blood-- Sap. It's a sap. It's a tree sap. Put the whole thing together. It's not, it's just poppy. You will find out when I present it. That's two. Two winks! Ah hah hah. Oh, he can read that. Preschoolers run amok in my gentle abode. (whispering) We don't know what the hell this is. Wow. Wow. Because he runs into all the rooms first and he makes out with everybody. That's why it happens. I'm not yelling at you, man. I'm envious. It's about to drop. There's a fine line between psycho and practical. It's not psycho if you drive a very small car with not a lot of trunk space. Is there going to be one more giveaway? It's so cool.