I got something. Next weekend, September 26 and 27, I'm going to be at a con! In Anchorage, Alaska. That means moose. I'm so excited. Senshi Con in Anchorage. I'll be there. I know we at least have, like, three fans at the very least in Alaska. Come on by. I'd love to see you. It'll be awesome. With more of us than are even here. I'm terrified, personally, but-- You were right. It is awful. No, we shouldn't tell them that we have Kit here. Let's hold that back. I've been curious precisely how long the lag is, because-- I feel like we have, do we have an address? Address? Do we have that? It's up and in the chat? The Bag of Disagreeable Dice. Dagger, dagger, hug. Traditionally, the head of the house does dispense out the stipends anyway. That would be appropriate. I'm not even in the room, am I? Never mind! Sorry. I'm a bit busy. I am making more ammo. I'm working on a few projects that have been rolling around in my head for quite some time now. The bolt is on the list, yes. I've got a lot to do. How many of you are down here right now? Grog, don't touch that! Ugh. I know you're right. (sighs) A bit. I've never had to say this out loud before. I've never actually had this discussion with anyone. Do I get an inspiration die for that? The Briarwoods, Lord and Lady Briarwood, are responsible for the death of my entire family. Whitestone was my home. Many years ago-- I don't want to get into the details. I came from a big family. I came from a proud family. One night, they were invited into our home, and over the course of that night, they slaughtered everybody. They are evil. They are corrupting. The few survivors of Castle Whitestone who did survive only survived through deceit and by working for the Briarwoods, turning on their masters. Thankfully, the de Rolo family still has standing elsewhere, and there's other branches of the family other than my father's. (sighs) I was lost for quite a while after that happened. I had nothing else in my life other than my family. I was never really going to inherit anything. I was not going to run anything. I was idle. And at some point, I made the decision that, if nothing else, I survived to, maybe, extract some vengeance. Maybe set something right. Maybe stop whatever it was that they were doing. I don't know. There was one of their party, Dr. Ripley. She was in charge of something during the murder. I don't know what. I chased her. I chased her down. It took a year, and I had my gun, and I discovered where she was and where she was working on some ruins, and I approached her. I never even saw her face. Her guards captured me, beat me up. Didn't even bother taking my things. They just threw me in that dungeon. I never even got close enough to see her face. I saw her when she was interrogating me in my home. Oh yes. My sister Cassandra, my younger sister. She somehow evaded capture. I don't know how. She set me free. I don't know what became of her. I don't know what became of any of my siblings. Probably nothing reasonable. Nothing good. I saw bodies of a few of them. It's all a bit shady. It's all a bit of a blur. (sighs) Four now. Five now. I don't know. (sighs) I could have gone home. I could have gone home at any point, at this point. I'm scared. I discovered approximately a week ago that they're still at Whitestone. I don't know. (sighs) I don't know what to do. I'm preparing for anything. When I got thrown into that dungeon, I came to the realization that maybe I wasn't doing this the right way. I wasn't being responsible, and I prayed to whatever it is I pray to that maybe I would have a sign of what I should be doing, and then there you were. I've been trusting that Vox Machina will take me where I need to go, and maybe what I need to do is confront this, but I don't know what this is, and I'm terrified. I don't know. There was an interrogation. Dr. Ripley was asking questions. I assumed, for all these years, that that's what became of my family. Asking questions about the castle, about things about the castle. It was a long time ago, and I was not equipped for torture. I don't remember much. I think so. I put down my gun, and I turn the barrel, and of the six barrels, five of them have names, and Lord and Lady Briarwood are two of those names. Dr. Ripley is another. Sir Stonefell is the other, and Professor Anders is the other, and then there's one blank one. I don't know. He was the captain of their guard. Professor Anders was my teacher. He was my tutor, and he was in collusion with them, and he was the one that I believe allowed them to take the castle in the night. They were traveling. They were on the road. It was my brother Julius and my sister Vesper who handled matters of court. I was studying. I didn't think. I had six. It's all very much a blur. (sighs) There's things you just forget. You don't have to get involved in this. There's only one way to find out. I think so. Which is why I was planning on-- I know we have a cap of disguise. I don't even know if they would recognize me. My hair was different. I don't think I wear one as well as you do. No, this could be funny, let this happen. Out of curiosity, what did you pick up, what did it look like? A big thing of tongs? What would I have to roll to find out if it was covered in some basic sulfuric acid? If it was one of the things I was using for casting. That'll take about ten minutes to take effect. All right. (gasping) I can find out. I can forge paperwork, as well. No, in a week. How about the giant eagle flies? I agree we should send someone for the money. I agree. People get married in my family for money. I think it's perfectly reasonable. There's four days. We can each do our part. Five days. Can you leave me an earpiece so that I can keep in contact? I'm not leaving my workshop. Leave me an earpiece, and I'll call if I need anything else. Not yet. Thank you, Grog. How many minutes has it been? I'm wondering if his hands are starting to itch yet. There's a bucket of water in the corner. You can try that. It'll make it worse. I hand him a small bag of powder. Now you've learned not to touch things if you don't know what they are. I pour the powder on his hands. You're a good friend. Bring me another accent, aye. He is the source of a lot of phantom liquids. I was about to say, make her do a persuasion roll, it'd be funny. I'm sorry! (laughter) Oh, look a real roll. That's a pretty good deal. That dagger's so sharp, it could cut the sexual tension. And me. Ten. How many batches of bullets are you going to let me attempt to make? Maybe signed by Kit. Have we checked to make sure it's not a stain? You may have taken the wrong lesson away from that. He does breathe fire. Methinks the DM doth speak from experience. I'm staying home, anyway I come up for lunch. Keyleth, can I borrow you for a-- what in good god?! Is Trinket comfortable with this? Keyleth, can I borrow you? When you have a moment. I feel like we're playing out some real-world psychodrama here. Say it. Staffie. Just say staffie. I'd like to finish my morning crafting before moving into the evening crafting. I'm going to have help. I'm working on project number three. If I have a little help? This is something I've been tinkering with for quite a while, now. Do you think I'll have time to finish everything that's on my list, if I roll well? Because I was going to have Keyleth lightning spell to help set the battery for the-- If it just uses it to start a charge? Okay. Yeah, I was going to Frankenstein this. All right. That's better. 20. You can help me in the workshop. Oh yes. See if Allura will come here, because I want to keep working. And I'll also say we should send word to Uriel that I will not be myself at the-- The less we say, the better. It would not be the first time. I will be with you, and if we can let Uriel know that I am coming under a false pretense. He knows that I don't trust them. He does. So let's let Asum know. Burt Reynolds. Will the hat let me choose who I look like? How much of a shape-change can I-- Could I look like Grog? Well, I was actually thinking of Pike, but. You'll stick to the shadows, and I'll be you. No, that's actually a pretty good plan. That's okay. It's a good plan. I think this plan is a good plan. I don't know what I want. I want to see them. I want to look at them. I want to see them. No. I want to listen to them. I want to see them. I don't know. The best I can give you is we'll just have to see what happens. I do. LAURA and I saw things. All right. (singing) Why, yes, I really do. 28. I got a d6 from the last one you did. d10, so I'll roll a d10 with the next one. That one was 20. 28. 23. I was going to try to sneak in a few bullets during that time. Touch. Cock-a-dooed. (yelps) 19. Are you all right, Tiberius? I call it Diplomacy. 23. I want to see him roll an athletics check for that. Yes, I look like Vax. That will work just fine. Thank you. Yes? I'll stay with the dinner party. I wish to observe. I wish to observe the Briarwoods myself. (gritty voice) I wish to observe. Yes, nasal. Five. It's all right. Asum, it's me. Vax is here. He's being quiet. No. Let's do this. She's vegan. Of course she told them. Let's go be social. I also want to scan their entourage to see if I recognize any faces. 19. Two, and they could not be in attendance. Lord Briarwood, I am not familiar with Whitestone. How did you become caretaker of such a place? A toast, then! To gracious hosts. Lady Briarwood, it is such an act of compassion to take on such responsibility as a house such as Whitestone. That's such a spectacular act of kindness and generosity. Would, perhaps, Vox Machina also be of service to you? And we killed an illithid once, as well. Can you? Can you make an insight check? I don't think you can. You know, you could roll lower if you tried. I think we did. Did we befriend an illithid or kill it? I think we did both. I'm just fine. (yells and groans) You're making it so much worse than I ever imagined. I swear if the Briarwoods are responsible for a party kill, I'm going to feel like such an asshole. Trying to convince an entire army of illithid to follow you? Or you could become a vampire! You can be a vampire half-elf.