That keeps giving and giving and... Definitely some foam darts that I'm shooting now. That's all I'm saying. I'm saying there is a lot of pump action and then a foam dart comes out. With a suction thing at the end. Made no sense to me. Ye olde NyQuil. And not having Liam here, I'll just-- like that. Other than just tinkering on a few plans that I have rolling around. I don't really have the equipment to build anything particularly interesting before we head out. And we've got that leather from that weird bat creature from the Underdark. Is there any metal canisters in there, of any kind? No, I don't want that. I may take a piece of armor and see if I can put together some sort of frag grenade thing. I just want to make a-- You don't know me. (laughter) Done I'll have a granola bar. You're going to inspire me? 19. Total of 19. I'm going to give it a shot. I don't get a montage then, never mind. It's all right, save it for later. We're going to need it for later. Got to get home, I know. No, I don't. That is a 29. Like two-nine. Not two nines, but two-nine. I rolled 19. I made a holy hand grenade. (laughter) Mostly we just call him Scanlan. Percival Fredrickstein Von Musel Klossowski de Rolo III. They just call me Percy. Yes, I dabble I do dabble. Yes, actually. I just picked it up recently. I've been working on things. I pull out the holy hand grenade. Getting better. It's where I've seen them written of. It's something new. Absolutely, charmed. I would like to run a quick perception test. I'm trying to figure out if she's titled. She certainly strikes me as titled. I think she has blood. She may not have blue blood but-- Insight check, all right. Ten. Interesting. All right. Please, yes. A big one. I actually am quite hungry. I was-- I don't know if I am quite capable of eating papaya off the floor, but if there is, I don't know, something brunchy? It will do in a pinch. A crumbled biscuit sounds-- I like her already, that will do. Kind of a big deal. Strapping! You should try the biscuits. They are slaying me. That's all I know. I already have a couple, so I will gladly give one to somebody who is going to need it. The biscuit was very filling. It was extremely filling. You're kind of stealthy aren't you? Scotch tape would do it too. "Ordered and paid in advance by the alchemist Oswind Grund, the client... This "contract, binding in honor of the elements, set upon the agreed members of the Slayer's Take "guildhall the task of locating and slaying the below-mentioned entity and the recovering of the "below-listed harvested anatomy items. Any anatomy items not recovered or not in functional condition "will be deducted from the final payment, and will be refunded to the client. This client--" Ah, we haven't gotten to that yet. Oh, it's all right. "This contract is good for three days, and should the contract not "be fulfilled within that time period, then all payments are null and void, this contract is null "and void, and the membership within the Slayer's Take is revoked, outside of the Huntmaster's "willful forgiveness." "Quarry has been approved for hunting by the Holy Paramounts of the Crown of Erathis. The quarry one adult white dragon--" One adult white dragon?! No. Oh, that's right. They want eyes, tongue, heart, claws, and teeth. Two eyes, one tongue, one heart, six claws, and 20 teeth, is what they are requesting. Yes. There are individual prices for each individual object. Eyes, 900 gold each. Tongue is 1,200 gold. The heart is 3,500. Claws, 250 gold each, and teeth are 50 gold each. Plenty of scales. Very good for armor. No. Not really. Like a 14 year old whose father doesn't love him enough to teach him how to groom himself. There's no parental issues over here. None. 22. 17. You're with me. We're still wandering about like idiots. Oh, thank god. We do have an airship. Don't we have an airship? Come on, everybody. Have you thought of getting a cat, by any chance? Just a suggestion. I don't know. At the bear-est mean. I've got, like, five more. I've been saving them up for this entire game. Nothing. No-- it's nothing. Oh! You're so kind! That's excellent. Oh, well done! You were firm, but fair. Hello. Don't talk to Frank anymore. Oh, bloody hell. I'm going to knock loudly. We'll try to get her back in one piece. Why don't we slay the dragon first, and then-- Then he can punch things. Glasswalk Road. Clever. Or fire spells. Fire spells would be very-- Excellent. I'll keep watch. I'll take first watch. I'll take second watch, then. You're going to be clear for leading tomorrow. I'm second watch. I do. (whispers) Oh, bollocks. Wake up, Grog. Yes. Cancer of the cream. Yay! Eh. There should be a laser in there somewhere. So that way you can vaguely say, move me there. It's okay. Blind Matt Mercer. 16. Whoa! That's never a good sign. 16. Hm! Oh God! No. 18. That's going to hit. Hm! Thanks chatroom. Thank you. Going to cry a little. So, I have three orcs basically-- or two orcs and a god-knows-what? The first thing I'm going to do, is I'm going to take a Fire Shot to the right to that giant monstrosity and spend a Grit point to try to shoot him in the foot. -- makes a constitution saving throw. Okay, these rules are new, so pardon me if I'm a little iffy. So shot with Pepperbox is-- wow, what's wrong with me? 28 to hit. Well yeah, there's damage plus a saving throw. He has to make a constitution saving throw. Eight plus my proficiency modifier plus my dexterity modifier. It's actually ten. 18, yeah, you're right. And it does six points of damage-- I'm sorry, it does 12 points of damage plus three points of fire damage. And now my other shot. Marking that off. I'm going to shoot him while he's down. So, do I get a bonus to hit there? Okay, I get advantage. So I'm actually using-- Okay, so I'm using Sharpshooter then. Thank God. Natural 20! So, this is going to suck for him! Does it? I'm back to three? Every time I crit, that's right! Math! Okay, so I get double points right? That's how this-- Okay. Oh, that kind of sucks. Seven, 14, 24, 25... 30 points of damage. (cheering) Out of idle curiosity, if I try to make a break for it they would get two attacks of opportunity against me, right? Ooh, that doesn't make my life any better does it. No, never mind then. Actually, you know what? I'm pulling an Action Surge. Two more shots. I'm shooting him two more times while he's on the ground. Same thing with a plus ten to hit with a Sharpshooter. Disadvantage? 23 to hit. Let's see. Sorry, trying to do this... five plus 16, so 21 points of damage. And now, I'm going to take that last shot and swing up and shoot at the one that's to the right of-- That one right there. Oh, God. Natural 20! I'm just sitting in the corner going (maniacal laughter) I'm in the pajamas with the butt flap, and the butt flap is down. The butt flap is down! And that's eight, 16, 26, 27, 28, 29, 31, 32 points of damage. It's a crit. That was brilliant. I'm done. Sorry. I'm just screaming in their face like a manic pixie. (screams) Thank you. I walked into that. I'm going to spend a Grit point and-- Wait, if my armor class is 20, does that mean they still hit? One day, far in the future, I'll figure out a way to make you pay for that. (laughter) Damn it. That hits. 12 total? Okay, 16. Yeah, that's the one. You first or I? I'm going to start running towards Grog. How far can I get? About that far. And while I'm running I'm just going to take-- Oh hello, where are we? There we are. I'm just going to take two pot shots at him as I'm running by. And just because I don't really care I'm going to take the negative-- the Sharpshooter plus damage negative to that. So. 16. And I'll just do both right now. And-- I got another 20! Thank you. This is phenomenal, I know. I've got such terrible things that are going to happen to me because of all this good luck. So that's-- I'll do the first one really quickly. That's 20 points of damage for the first shot. 32 points. You're going to make me change the Sharpshooter thing by the end of this round I get the-- It's kind of spectacular. I keep rolling 20s! I keep rolling 20s! Really poorly, normally! I'm coming, Grog! Guys... That's very fair, that's very fair. You should write a song about Aldor. And I say we could just cut out the tongue, it's not-- Like that yes, yes. With the lip, now we-- you're slowly-- I don't think he's going to answer. Oh well, I'm just saying. I'm trying to be helpful. Probably not. I'm in my pyjamas, I'm going back to bed. What she said. I'm going to sleepytime, good night, all. The irony is, I was going to recommend Dust of Tracelessness, but that works too. They would never follow that, so. Cloud of Deterrence, thank you. At some point you should give it a break with the carpet. What? We're cuddling you for warmth, apparently. You're like an oven. 24. Oddly, your face is a bit cold because it's so bare. 16. Thank you for that addendum, because we-- LAURA and -- better than 12. 24. I would like to evaluate whether or not we could climb this mountain. I think this conversation would be greatly improved by some sort of cover. Cavern now! Yeah. Panel-con. Bye, dear! Whoa. Yeah Duggenator! I haven't seen it yet. Yeah, they've got portraits up, we get to see them when the feed's up. Hey now. That's not nice. This is chapter three? Thank you. I need to get these bound at some point. I feel like I don't work hard enough every time one of these comes. It's gonna be an engagement d20. It gives you an alarm when you know he's gonna kill a party member. Hero Forge. These are fabulous.