But if you're not Ashley, you'd better get yourself a shirt. Do you have a college sweater that just says "college"? You could really use one. That sounds like a performing arts joke. I haven't seen it yet! Don't set expectations you can't match. It's imaginary, how could it be? You just flow with it. Right? I'm Instagramming my Wyrmwood box right now, too. That's not funny. (buzzing fart sound) Maybe, if we could talk, which we can't right now. I follow. They may have information. Oh. It's worth talking to them at the very least. I think at some point we're going to have to have that conversation, but for now I think we'll probably be all right. For now. I'm keeping an eye also, to see if anything-- From a great distance, I'm just keeping an eye out. White manna, not green manna. Oh, yeah, yes. Hello. What? Your brother. Ooh. Oh, at the Winter's Crest festival, I remember. I don't see what the harm is. How long have you been nomadic for? Possibly find you someplace to work. We lost a lot during the attack with the Briarwoods. There's room, but there's only-- We can maybe make room for a few more. A shortcut, one would say. We'd also like to talk to you, perhaps, to see if you've seen some shit. We're actually looking for something out here. We are. Well, you've been travelling, we're looking for a creature who may have what we need to help defeat these dragons. Yes. That's useful. Well, that works out well, then. We can go up that direction, perhaps take care of this problem, possibly. It's on the way. I could use some breathing. Hear, hear. I say we take the evening to rest, and first thing in the morning, head out. Yes. I'm sleeping tonight. I don't know what's wrong with him. I'll write a letter. I'll write a letter that will travel with them to Whitestone and-- Mm-hm. Take about a minute. No, in the morning. I write a letter to my sister, letting her know that I do apologize that we're sending more people, but it's necessary, and I write her a letter insisting that Pike be sent here by stone immediately. (singing) Everybody else is too! You are a nerd! Yeah, you are a theatre nerd. Secret Garden The Musical. It's magical. And suddenly the YouTube hits just go through the roof. (laughter) It's going to be whoever's organizing it. Elowen would be perfect. That was a great decision. Which child in the crowd is going to become Robin? I'm so excited. This is how we make a vigilante. Working on it. I think it's perfect. Yes, hello? Hello? God damn it. That's very interesting. Did you know that I'm a collector as well, actually? Of specifics. Specifics. I see that you have not really handed any over. He's talking about transmutation of some kind. It's the veganism of necromancy. It's just kind of dull. Nothing. See, you start arguing and you just make a gnome. This is what happens. Master Quall. Let's lay the cards on the table. If we find this thing of yours in your basement, and if we go to your home, we are certainly going to go into the basement and find it now regardless, we're going to figure out what it is before we give it to you anyway. The world is dangerous right now, and it is not appropriate to just be handing mystical artifacts of great strength willy-nilly to anybody who asks. The world is dangerous and we need to make sure that power is flowing in the correct direction. Now, you can either be forthright with that and get your property, or we can find it in your basement and experiment on it until we know what it is. I have very good luck attempting these endeavors. Well, he's got a collection. I personally feel this is reasonable. This is a deposit of information. What does he know, perhaps, of the-- no? In darkness, if they don't wander in open daylight. It's a long walk. Lending is perfectly agreeable. You can trust her. We are not flying a half-elf into the city on a broom that she has already fallen off of in the last 24 hours. Didn't we had a conversation about letting him name things? I feel like we had this conversation. Do you know what 19 means? Oh, wow, yes, look at that. My other horse is walking. Just point arrows in the opposite direction. We're not in a rush. Everything we do now is measured in weeks and months and not days. Actually, yeah, do you have a concussion? Is that something that we can-- how many fingers am I holding up? Do we want to do it now, or do we want to do it tomorrow night, is the question? Also known as Uncle Touchy. Uncle No-No. They keep clucking it up. Before Scanlan disappears, I grab him as he's leaving. Have you, perhaps, installed some sort of workspace in this wonderful home of yours for me? I've got a few little projects I want to poke at. I'm a little worried by what all-purpose necessarily means. It's not really a work table, is it? Nothing complicated, just some very basic blacksmithing and a little bit of leatherwork. I can think of some very sexy things that can be done with an anvil. Think about it. That's comical. Yes. Scanlan's helping me find a room that apparently is so sound-proof we don't actually have to hear anyone else's drama. I know. Grab a book. It'll be fun. No cows in my room either, please. I can work with materials that are in the Bag of Holding, that are real materials, as long as I put them back in the Bag of Holding and take them with me? I can't leave anything, obviously. Oh, it'll just be spat out. That's lovely. For the moment, because I don't have everything I need for the broom yet, I want to work on a piece of jewelry, if that's okay. I want to work on the thing. I want to construct a little piece of jewelry if that's okay. Not magical. Do I have a jeweler's kit? I can't tinker something? No, well, this is a piece that has purpose. It actually is going to be a functional object. I know. This is something that I-- I'm so sorry. I want to make a-- I'm so sorry, I'm losing the word. Something that's too complicated to explain to you. I'm blanking on it. I may have to just give you the name at the break. A little herb pouch, like one of those cages that close up to put herbs in them? All right, I'll make it pretty later. Dexterity? Thank god, because that's a terrible roll. 14. I'm not going to run the whole night. At some point I'm going to be like, I don't have the design yet. This is something I want to get right, so this is going to be working towards it. I can't think of the name of what it is. I'm so embarrassed. (chicken clucking) Easiest number to count to. Does this mean when the night's over there's going to be a little pool of blood where the door was? This is going to make the archery booth at Renn Faire hilarious. Sorry, okay. Carry on. It's only eight hours. Save your strength. I want to see if the blood comes out. Save it for something special. 15. Vex, you and I should hang back, but we'll let everyone else. I've had bad luck touching things lately. I'm letting other people touch things. I'm getting another angle so that we have two different vantage points of what may happen. We're keeping an eye on that thing in the-- I know, it's a thing. We're going to let Grog touch it and see what happens. Keyleth, that was very clever. Are there orcs present? I knew someone would laugh at that. Are you describing what you're seeing at all? I can't have a reaction to this unless I'm actually hearing anything. Can I see the statues at this point? I want to get a little closer, just so I can make out the statues. Are they classical statues or are they people in weird poses? Are the poses weird? Back up, everybody. Back up now. Those aren't sculptures. Oh, no. Oh, no. I think that there are basilisks nearby. I think these statues are victims. I have a terrible initiative roll. 13. I rolled really badly. That's barely an arrow and a chicken in the neck. Okay! No. That's a... (counts) 21 points. Constitution save. I rolled a 14 plus seven. I look at it in the eye. (barks) Bark it down. I know. I cast Hex on it. I'm looking at the one she's Hunter's Marked, I cast Hex. Yeah. And I'm taking... I'm giving it a disadvantage on willpower ability checks. And I'm going to take three shots with Sharpshooter. 12. Misses. Oh my god, goodbye! Going to the good die, 12.... Better! 24. Oh my god! I'm sucking. 22 points of damage. So, while shooting, I ran from that one tree all the way to the other one. That was a running shot, so... Yeah. Behind the tree over there. About there. Slap Fight. Hair Pull. Scorpions are fascinating. That's really upsetting. How did we not walk into that? How have we been sitting here and that didn't happen? Actually Matt, how blindsight works... I'm shutting the fuck up now. There is coffee everywhere. No, you did, because you did half the dice. She did 4d10? One in 20 chance. My brain is not doing numbers for some reason. Yeah, you did. Wait, do you let go of the broom to roar? Like a reverse pyramid. Pine sap gets in your eye. Did you cut yourself on your cup? Oh, I hate that. 11. No, we're good. We're good. It is a really weird pot of coffee. It's not just you. You should lick it, too, after you piss on it. It says it was forged by dwarves, that's all I can understand. You're a terrible person. Why don't you two just write a sequel to Batman/Superman while you're at it? Just destroy everything. I don't care anymore. Not our finest hour. Pretty reasonable hour, but it's definitely not the finest. We brought most of a mapmaker back. Technically saved seven-eighths of a mapmaker. No! It's like a one-legged duck walking around. A lot's happened. And a period of adjustment. We should send him back to the encampment. That actually could be useful. Well, we'll run into him when we get back. Not cool. You worry me. Get the orcs really quick, and then we can send him back with the refugees from there. When it's time, he can hide with the bear. Then a bear will be hiding with a mapmaker, or most of a mapmaker. Yeah! Temple! Temple of the Raven Queen. Nothing wrong with sidetrack.