Epilay! It's like ten minutes of your-- you have more minutes than two minutes, spend a couple of minutes. Roll a one. Oh! I got a quick one, Book of Murder came out today, so you can hear me do a very weird accent, it's great. So. Yes. Very weird accent. Cleric, is what it means. Not at the same time. Keep crawling out of trees. I was going to say, we should take the armor and the necklace to the castle and have it inspected. No. We'll be putting you up in the castle. We're heading to the castle. We're going to talk to friends, we're going to take a look at-- It-- yes. Yes. Good friends. That was a really good Kashaw. Yes. We appreciate it greatly. They will be well worth your time. We also have something that needs a bit of study. We found something. We found two objects of power that we think may help us turn the table against the dragons. Two objects. There was a necklace. There was. It's been a very long day. Yes, the-- -- trap was a bit-- it was a bit, ah-- there was a trap. And it was well-protected. Yes, what. Not at all. I hand it over. Just what he said. It's a cage. Legendary cardstock. Well, there are some options here. No, that won't work, damn it. Well, I was thinking we could find a safe place, surround it, let it out, and if it's dangerous, take care of it. We could even take it down into the pits beneath the castle so that if it's a magical creature, it would be harmless. Except I don't know if we could actually release it down there. I don't know-- Yeah, which means it wouldn't work in the first place. It might be an ally. Yes. Yes. No, the Raven Queen-- Can I make a roll for this? Okay, thank you. Nope, nope, it's St. Patty's Day. Religion or history? MATT and 11. No, we actually can. Actually, we can put him back in. So would a trap. We could also trap other creatures-- Yes, it's exactly like a Poké Ball. You don't have to go in willingly, that's sort of the point. I'm more excited about the idea of carrying around an empty trap. Or the forest outside of Whitestone. Not really, anymore. Didn't they ravage most of our collection? She wasn't a revered deity in this part of the world, we don't have a lot-- Woods, or Vasselheim, that's actually not a bad idea to get far away from Whitestone. This is sort of our secret, and we should perhaps keep this-- Well, we were going to go take a look at-- It's just a couple hours away, correct? We can take a day and do this. Yes. Let's take a sleep, and we'll do it in the morning. I've got some work to do. I need to, yeah, to do a little-- and I've got a little thing I want to work on. I'm going to take Vax aside very quickly. I had a careless moment, and I apologize. And you're the first apology I'm putting forward. I don't know if I would have done anything different, but I hope you know that I would've never forgiven myself. I rushed in and triggered the trap that almost killed your sister. I can't say that. I was careless. I felt the danger had passed, and I moved too quickly, and opened the casket without thinking. That's all. I just didn't think. I was tired, wasn't thinking. Sometimes we move too quickly. But I want you to know that it would've-- I'm very glad that she's alive, because I don't think I could have lived with myself. Yes. That's the hope, yes. That was more of a lesson than I was hoping for. Thankfully not too much of one. And none of us are beyond mistakes, but... that is a mistake that I am going to be thinking about for a very long time. We are going into dangerous territory, and we all have to think a little bit more. And she especially, I-- I couldn't-- No. Yeah, let's take it. Goodnight, Vax. I'm going to work. I'm going into my studio. Tinkering check with dexterity modifier? Okay. 16. I've got a thing. Do I have time to poke at a modification to the explosive arrow? I want to try and build a rock breaker. I'm curious to try and build an arrow for taking down walls or taking down doors. A light form of siege arrow. Basically, I want to have a tip that actually manages to breach stone and then an explosion that goes outwards, so it's a shattering arrow. I have nothing else to do. Okay. So... That's 23. No, I've got an okay workshop here. All right. Siege arrow. A few things I've been working on, and that's one of them. God, the guilt. Okay. Yeah. (singing) Somewhere out there... I'm imagining this as a canvas of Lisa Frank majesty, by the way. Like, the greatest Lisa Frank Trapper Keeper cover in all the land. Stop it, you're wasting water. Makeup's runny. We are a city of seasonal affectation disorder, so. I'm right here. (coughs) Hello. Good morning. What? What!? No. I'm fine. Good morning. Everything was empty, if I recall. Let's do the caves. We're in a fortress. Vex, by the way-- Vex, by the way, I've got something for you. And I pull out the arrow. This is an evening of unbridled guilt. Come here, let me show you. In theory, this is a siege arrow. Shattering stone, shattering doors, breaking things that should not be broken. If that is what you're after. It should work! Never forget you're my favorite, and I'm so sorry. That was much nicer than your brother. (stammering) I didn't sleep. There'll be more. In a circle! Aim it into the center of the circle. It's Jenga, one one-thousand two one-thousand three one-thousand four one-thousand. If only someone had armor that could make them immune to paralysis. Let's spread out in a circle; we'll let it loose in the center, that way it can't even see all of us. You just teleport, there's like a phase effect. It's fine, you're fine. I've got a little bit of distance, yes, that's good. I'm going to get on my knees and put out my hand and call it. Galdric, Galdric. Yeah, it's a little bit better. Ten. I'll take it. Gently, I'm gentle with it. Trinket is Scooby-Doo, apparently. Waddle. No! I think he's a wolf. I think perhaps something a little less ambitious. I think, perhaps, joining the Whitestone conclave might be a-- Having him guard Whitestone, perhaps. It goes bad. I think he would be helpful to guard the town, at this point. I don't think we need to. I think we can communicate to him-- Ask him if he'll be willing to keep the town safe. I'm not ready for that game. To be fair, that's happened before. With the troll. No, it wasn't me. Was it you? I don't remember. Until the danger has passed. Has passed. You did good, you did good. I'm holding onto the Raven's Slumber jewel at the moment. It's empty now, and do you know what I bet would fit in it very nicely? It's automatic, and no time passes. Just point, yep. And because of the way that the projection works, you could also in theory capture a baddie and then let them loose off a cliff and watch them drop. It's very convenient. Your home, I imagine. Fire Ashari it is. That's far. I agree, that's still very important. Nothing's close, we're specifically far away from everything. Fire Ashari is the next-- Take it. It's nifty that you have a book that tells you how much something like that costs. What is that? What does it do? I'm pretty reasonable. Does it require attuning? Yes, but does it require attuning? I might be attuned out at this point. What's your dex? Your dexterity is not very-- actually, it might work out well for me, weirdly enough. I can undo something that I'm not using. Matt, I have access to alchemy supplies here in Whitestone, correct? Eh. As long as we're quick we can go about it. I know you don't want to go. But we need to go. I say we take the rest of the day. You make your potions, we leave first thing in the morning. Maybe Allura will join us by tomorrow morning. If not, we teleport over. Sure. Yes, of course. I don't feel that way about you. (laughter) I mean, you're very attractive. Oh, where you get your freak on! Yes. Yes, we have them. Oh, I imagine so. No, I have no idea where they are. I do know that they exist. I actually had things to do here. I didn't have time for these. I wouldn't actually know where any of these places were, would I? I figured as much. I'm just fucking with him. Okay. No. Your secret is safe with my indifference. That's fine. I know you do. You're wonderful. Yes you can. I do it all the time. It's a hellmouth, it's basically a hellmouth. But this is quick, this is something that we can knock off the list. I'll help you make the potions. We're going to make our potions? There's really not a lot of it. So potions. I'll let them know that they should start trying to pull the residuum out of the wall, but it's dangerous down there. And tampering with it is definitely... Should be ginger. It would, I'm trying to keep everything ginger down there. We currently have 1,000 gold from my family stores that are in the group treasury at the moment. I feel like it was more than that. He's not there. I was going to do such a nice thing for you, but never mind now. No, never mind. You went to buy a shortsword. I'm trying to be gentle with my family right now. They're taking on an awful lot. And we'll see what we can do. Always fucking hear you in my mind. We're busy making potions. Pick one. No potion? All right. All right, this is fine. This is good. Lucky Charms. No, no, that was perfect. Oh god, that's too deep. Let's do this. I attempt to use the optics on my gun to get a better look at them. 18. Are they dressed like the Ashari that I've met? I don't know who these people are. We should. 29. "Hi." Stop looking at your phone. "Lol." 13. I don't actually know what one level of exhaustion is. Ah. Yeah. No. We're running now. Cardio. God. Cry more, cry more! Wild animals. As himself. He's going to be playing himself, it's going to be very exciting. Out of the rift suddenly comes Chris Hardwick. On a 7AM call.