My name is Taliesin Jaffe. I'm a voice actor, director, and I've been playing some form of Dungeons & Dragons, and if you can't tell by my black clothing, a lot of Vampire the Masquerade when I was a teenager. There was a problem. I'm playing Percy, the Gunslinger. I'm the reason all the rules are all messed up. I think before we do anything we should find a place to sleep. Wouldn't it be nice to put everything down for a little while. With an indefinite hold, we have business in the city. This doesn't terrify me. That shouldn't be a problem. Mostly we are looking for Lord Greyspine, if I recall. We have business with him. How long ago would you say this was? Thank you. Perfect. He has to do something. I don't think they have rainy days. We are looking to set up a meeting. There's only one way to find out. There's no sense attempting to be subtle. Everyone's going to know that we're here, and what we're looking for by morning. (groans) We think there might be something rotten in the mines. I'm assisting in this persuasion roll, good god. 21. I'm going to go walk over to Grog really quickly. I feel like we weren't going to discuss that. I felt that that was in the past. Did we trade the troll dick for something? I'll rustle up a few. That's fine, why not. It's what I do, apparently. We're going to make some beautiful comment cards. Yes, thank you. Whore dwarf! You're all going to have comment cards that you are expected to fill out when you return back to the bar! We have comment cards, so this will all work out well. Well, all right! I think we should all turn in our comment cards. I can't stress how important this is. No, no, really, no it's fine, speak over me, I don't care. We're going to give him a few extras so he can have more comments. Percy was the third child of seven children, born to a noble family who lived far to the north in the ancient castle of Whitestone. With so many siblings to share the burdens of lordship, Percy turned his attention to the sciences, engineering, and naturalism. One day, a mysterious couple, named Lord and Lady Briarwood, came to court. During a feast held in their honor, the Briarwoods violently took control of the castle, killing or imprisoning everyone who would stand in their way. Percy awoke chained in the dungeon, only to be freed by his younger sister. Together they fled, chased by the Briarwoods' men. As they ran, Percy's sister took several arrows to the chest and fell. Percy kept running, eventually jumping into a freezing river and floating unconscious to freedom. He did not remember waking up on a fishing boat. He barely remembered the next two years, as he slowly made his way as far south as possible. Then one night, Percy had a dream. A roaring cloud of smoke offered him vengeance against those who destroyed his family. When he awoke, Percy began to design his first gun. I say we have brunch, and we go to the manor-- LAURA and I want dwarven brunch. They're small. We will go back there. I don't think it's the next order of business but I think that we're not leaving the city without dealing with that. Did you not fill out your comment card? That sounds very positive. Very good. I think that went well. Now I'm curious if there's dwarven coffee. Thank you! It's like being in New Orleans for the weekend, every meal is going to come with something alcoholic. Oh god. Bring it back. Just say yes. I want to double check, see if there's a bell to ring or there seems to be some sort of calling-- Ding ding. Ding-a-ding. If you must, yes. "Calling," at the very least. I thought you would go right there. Yes, Percival Fredrickstein von Musel Klossowski de Rolo III. You can simply call me Percy, thank you. We're here to discuss some business with Lord Greyspine and we have, of course, brought gifts and our charming company. That's a shame, we brought this half-barrel of ale right here and some-- Well, this is definitely official political business. I will also say, could you direct us to the quarry? We are new in town. He's been drinking since very early this morning. What was your name, again? Magrim, of course you're the servant. You are filled with poise and sophistication, and of course, above all, protocol. I would not wish you to break protocol which is why some simple directions, for those of us who are wishing to do some official business. You'll be right on your way and your house will return to order. Every time we break into someone's house it turns out poorly. Good man, good day. We'll be on our way, thank you. We are off the reservation. Divergent? You're making a fruit basket? It looks like a fruit basket. It's the "Ale of the Month" Club. That is very fair. Are you a dwarf made of stone? She is better at this. I'm going to let her do this. LAURA and Well, several things actually. Several things bring us to the mine. My name, of course, is Percival Fredrickstein von Musel Klossowski de Rolo III. We were here to call upon your expertise. We imagine that we are not the first strangers to Kraghammer to come through-- In the last few weeks. We believe one of our compatriots had some dealings with you, perhaps not as pleasant as the dealings we are hoping to have. Yes. We're here to mend any broken bridges, so to speak. We'd be happy to clear out anything unpleasant that we happen to find in there in the meantime." It's not help, sir. We are simply respecting you as a businessman. As a businessman I'm sure that you would disagree with unceremonious charity whether it would be to give it or receive it. We are making sure that our dealings with you are fair and balanced. I doubt that we could find anything of more value that what we have already brought you. And write comment cards. Yes. I am going to make a fumble. I am going to attempt to assist a sleight of hand with a bit of a fumble. He is distracted by a bell. Just try and like practically usher our guards in that direction, since they seem to want to go in that direction. Let's see if we can push them in that direction. Well, we can certainly help, lead on. I take a shot. Right now. 19. We run straight in. Oh yeah! 27. I rolled a 20 plus seven. 27! I have 27 initiative. Wow, oh my god. I'm sitting down and I'm busting out Bad News. Ogre. Yep. Nope, first time. That's a 30 attack. 19 actually might. Natural 19. That does critical for me. I've never criticaled with this either. What does that mean? (counting) 27 points of damage. That's doubled. I can't do anything after that. That's just reload. Bad news travels far and fast. (valley girl voice) They're just, like, dead. This one moves around, and this one runs around to there. No attacks. Everyone make an insight check. I literally get a one. Natural one. I'm really not paying attention. He's running. You gave him just enough time to regret everything that had ever happened. Well done. Bad life choices. Make a pity roll. (clicking) Sitting down. You're all so fancy. I'm breathing deep, taking aim at the wall, resetting everything. I'm staying far back at the moment. Just taking aim. Do I have to take new aim or can I have myself already trained on-- I'm taking my round to aim. I just took aim. Took aim. Just a gun. This gun doesn't do anything fancy. Just shoots really far, really hard. Oh my god. That was really helpful.