All of the Flashes are on this show. I play Barry Allen. Eobard Thawne. Jay Garrick. Oh my god! Yeah. That would've been even better. Don't tell him! Let it roll. I've played a little; it's fun. So if we loot Tary's body, do we get all of his stuff? No, even not in canon, in the game. You are a loot drop, oh my god. Yeah, we level up for that. Just as something that happened, during that whole family conversation I was scanning the room and the bookshelves for anything interesting, anything out of sorts, anything out of place. I didn't want to-- yeah, I didn't see shit. I just rolled a three; that's nothing. I appreciate what you were going for there. Plastic covers? No plastic covers? He may have opened a bottle of wine. It's a stand-up comedy club. (laughter) That doesn't help! That's almost beside the point! Oh, that's still-- No! Actually, it's unfortunately the opposite. Lilah? Is it Lilah? Perhaps we should talk to this Lydia as well, because she is obviously in a position of being told what she is going to do with herself. Stop it, Travis! God, I can't-- We can pass on this for now. Please. That's true. Life needs moisture to live. All right, gauntlet dropped. Is there shade in this establishment? Could be worse. They could not be afraid of you. That's when you know you've really found the right bar. The rats were like "We reserved "this table two weeks ago. You have to make a phone call." Just let it happen. Shifty eyes. Oh, we're going to get to see the real bar. I'm in the center, as well. I don't feel included in this. Okay, now I feel better. That's all. Is the password, "I am what I am," not sure? Too strange a reference; never mind. That's exactly what I said, the real bar. No. This is special. I'll join you. We could buy Korshad a drink. Thank you. To drink. Same. Did you order the drink for when he comes back? What table did the bartender look at when he said that? Yeah, that's a safe 13. Very fair. Pike, which one of those two is Vax's? Which one of those two belongs to Vax? Oh that one? I'm taking a sip of it. That's fine. I put my whiskey in its place and take the whole cup. He has to sit and enjoy his drink. That's whiskey. That's supposed to be-- never mind. Go ahead. Do what we do any time there's trouble. Sit down, pay attention, and do everything she says. Have a sip of this. It'll help. Okay, now I feel like I'm on a listing ship. Does this one still work? We can do this one. This is a lot of drink that I seem to have taken on. 12 of them? 12 men? Is that conversation breaking up? I would assume you've already had this stuff at this point. We've been sharing a cup around. This is too much for a human being to handle. The interior of that bag looks like the Pirates of the Caribbean ride. It's a little weird in there. Well, there. That's where I think we could come to an arrangement. We're not particularly invested in the power structure here. We're here for sentimental reasons. The estate and just enough property to maintain a modest comfortability. We don't really care what happens to the fortune so long as your family's taken care of. You keep your house, you keep your things, you keep a little bit of property to manage. What do you think? I mean, they did make this bed. I'm suggesting to you that maybe it is not your job to save your family's power and allow them to keep going as the way they have. But just to give them enough that even if they-- that they can continue with reasonable means. Maybe not necessarily living the life that they were living before but living far more comfortably. Oh, I imagine so. It's just, there's a difference between saving everything and saving enough to keep them comfortable. Possibly. And enough income property for them to be relatively comfortable. Reasonably comfortable. I'm sure we can take a look at the assets and come to a very, very reasonable arrangement. And you, in turn-- well, we could have a discussion about what that would be worth to you. I have no interest in making an arrangement that doesn't please you. We're only here, again, for sentimental reasons. We are not invested beyond that. Please, god. You've been terrible today. 15. We'll also need some operating capital for this. It sounds dangerous, so we will take the job, but we will need to also charge a very reasonable fee, I think, on top of this. We do. I'm feeling pretty good about this one. We will also need all of the information you have on this creature in the mines, and if you have anybody who has access to that-- And we do have another mercenary at our beck, if we need. That's actually very fair. You're already one up. Vex says yes, and I am so in the mood to kill something. (laughter) Cheers. This stuff burns. Everyone, on the count of three, we're going to stand up very quickly. If we misty there we could also camp for the night. We can misty there, camp for the night. That'll do. Whatever it is, it's not leaving the mine. Well, no one wants to die. Or he could pop in on you anytime. Wow, that happened. We could make her walk first into the mines. I am perfectly content to hold onto that chit for as long as we need. She was employed. She's reachable through employment. We can just find out how to reach her. You have to be able to hire her. I'm sure there's a system. You promised you'd keep that secret. You're going to fart awkwardly and we're going to yell "imposter!" In the morning. Yes, we actually do. If we're doing our little circle, I would say that a little bit of a distance. About half a mile away. They don't talk back, but yeah. Can we speak to dead? Why don't you two misty there, somebody start setting up camp for tonight. You can still misty. We're still misty-able. You can fly in, talk to them, and fly back out. I mean, land and then-- I'm going to set up the tents. You know you're standing in the woods. Protection from acid would probably be very-- Recently awoken. We're golden gods. How many of these creatures are there? Then this is a stealth mission. I love Starship Troopers. I'm excited. I don't think they'll know. I think anybody who was there who saw it probably died at the center of it. I mean you can, I mean we've gone to all this trouble, but if we want to add to it. I mean, this is just what we've been doing. No, I understand. I respect the art form. I'll unload everything. It's from Medieval Times. Only if you actually do the interpretive dance. I love Toastmasters. Is bacon what we're fighting for? This is the most Burning Man thing that's ever happened on this show. I'm flashing back. Bacon. Speech. I always imagine occasionally Keyleth gives a speech that's like what's-his-name from Animal House. Not really, why? Yeah. It will hopefully not come in handy. A Vest of Several Items now. I think that's been working out very well for us. It is pitch black down there, though, isn't it? Yeah, that's actually true. I think that that's a really good idea, shooting an arrow down there. So when we're ready we've got something to light the-- Well, then they'll be easier to kill up here than they will be down there. This is why magic freaks me out. Fire a Fireball into the abyss. Will it just eventually stop? This is why magic's weird. Worth it. It was worth it. It didn't cost us anything. And that's information we didn't have. And now we know. Great baby beast is not at the bottom-- It's not at the bottom of the topless pit. Two flyers, plus the carpet. Let's have the flashlights ready, but not activated. Did your voice just crack? Becoming a man? Okay. I think it's better, especially-- have we seen a tree that we can port to in case of an emergency? Or some sort of object that we can port to? But there will not be a tree down there. LAURA and Do we have an escape route if we need it? Well, all right. Yeah, it's bigger than the first one. How much weight can the carpet take? You're 300 pounds, right? Okay, so three of us on that carpet one big one, one little one, and a medium. I'll join you on the broom. Yeah, okay then. That solves it. No, this is very clever. I see what you're going for. Oh my god, they're right there. The blondie channel. Target should now spend five feet of movement to automatically escape from non-magical restraints such as manacles or creatures that have grapple. You are parkour. Let's go. (singing) And a partridge in a pear tree. I'll hop on the broom. You hop on the carpet. 27. Let's get a little closer. Celestial? That would be amazing. Oh, we have that low-light version! We have the red-light version of it. You don't speak Celestial. Except they're lensed and contained. A beam of red light. And just start to see if I can make out what it is. What does it say? It's an incubator. This isn't a coffin. It hatched. I snuff. The second. 30. I rolled a 19, and my initiative is 11. I am going to debate hard how dumb I'm about to be. Where am I? Goddamn it! Okay, so I'm far away from that little bugger, aren't I? Okay. I'm going to hop off the broom. Actually, no. You're going to move towards it, I assume? Okay, that's fair. I'm going to hop off the broom, activate my boots and activate my gloves, and start running through that little choke point, and I'm going to get as close to and possibly on the wall of that choke point as humanly possible. The other side of the choke point. Okay. I can get about there? That's fine. That's as far as I can get right now. That will be just fine. The gloves are charged, the boots are on, and I'm heading towards the wall. Yep. I'm not on the carpet. You can move the carpet forward, though. What do we get? You're over on the corner. I don't know if I have another. And you reroll ones, right? Didn't you move? Wait, no, you moved, didn't you? That's fixable. No, is it a bonus action? Yeah, you burn five feet of movement to get out of it. You parkour around the rocks as they try and-- See what happens. One day, it's going to be epic. So is the wall hitting the roof? I'm going to run up to the top of that wall. How far will my movement get me? In that case-- oh fuck, I've got nothing I can do. Well, then I will burn my action to dash up. And I assume I can get part of the way down the wall as well with my action? Yeah, so I just want to start making my way, I'm going Spider-man. That was definitely irritating. That, and I'm going to cast Hex on that little baby. And he has disadvantage on, let's make it his wisdom checks. That's a lot of actions, this creature. I haven't actually technically attacked it. I'm amazed he didn't already have it out of the bag. Puny god! And he gets flung in a random direction? All of us? We don't have advantage on this, do we? I'm going to burn a Resolve. 17. Wait, that's magical. I have advantage. The cloak wouldn't-- Against spells and other magical effects. It wouldn't have given me advantage on that save? Yeah, we should head out and bug bomb the place. Grab the body. Let's go. Really quick, just look around, is there anything of value to grab before we run? We pulled you out. I think we're flying up and if we see anything we'll just take shots at anything that's rolling around, if anything is visible. Let's just do damage on our way out. We can't Tree Stride. There's no trees. You know, at this point, it might be. Should I reroll? Yeah, I'll reroll. 18. I want to start taking shots as high up as I can see, I want to start taking shots at these things. I'll live with that. 17. Nope. ASHLEY and I'm going to burn a reroll. It's the end of my resolves! Ten. Is there anything we can throw down there to really piss them off? Bug bomb. I'm at 57 hit points. Yay. Where were you at? I feared for you, man. Why you make us kill a baby? That was great. These two have to be the first to go down. Because loot drop.