Greetings. Hello. There we go. Dan Casey. But can you eat through it? It will keep the bay leaf out. That's very useful. They work for scale. (groaning) Way too soon. That just conjured up some bad-- You get to make a wish if you touch the horn. I thought they went to the show. We had half a drow. Oh, I thought it was a drow. The hell, dude? Yeah, we should've just worn the same shirt. Giant scorpions. I use a d12. Oh yeah. Oh yeah, let's do this. Well, it's also one of the questions I hear from like people who haven't played the game before, when you first start with character creation is like, well, what are the rules on what I can be, and kind of trying to get them out of that, there are no-- Forget about the rules. What do you want to be? This is like, this gives them a little set of rules that they can kind of grasp onto desperately for like their first game. We're sponsored by a store in-game, too. We are sponsored by Gilmore. No, that's not gone. Oh, one of these days, it's just gonna hurt. And it's been helpful for everybody. You know, having details but having the DM-- giving the DM discretion to decide how it plays out is really awesome. ORION AND Yeah, and like, I don't know what the people who came to my parents' castle wanted. They were looking for something and like, I gave him details on what they were doing, but not necessarily what it was all about because I don't know, but he knows, because he gets to figure that out. Oh, that was so great. Gonna get a tattoo. Seven. I'm wearing my underoos right now. And I'll say something that actually came out. I was very, very proud of this that this came up recently in some conversations, as we were talking about the nature of playing a game like this and about risk. And as a player, wanting to be adventurous and wanting to do things you wouldn't do in real life. And one of the essential things that a good DM, that you get to learn with a good DM, is the DM is not there to kill you. The DM is there to turn you into a hero. I'm just kidding! (laughter) Just like, we were gonna die and he doesn't want to kill us. (laughs) He's hilarious. He's God, it's scary! If a giant god appeared tomorrow, and like just pulled out a d20 and rolled it and looked at you, you'd freak out. That's a really scary thing to happen. It's just a different way at looking at the situation. I know, because he gets that look. His smile is so terrifying. Three ranks in YOLO. Oh yeah. But Scanlan and the stained-glass window will live with me forever. You do setting really well, too. Like, when we would play, the lights go down, the candles come out, the music turns on. Everything I build is literally just me handing him a slip of paper going eh? Eh? We're just spectators. Phone a friend. It was so good! It does start to feel smaller. It does eventually start to feel, it's like learning how to juggle, you're like, ahh, and then suddenly it's like, okay. It's like the Blue Beetle and Booster Gold of the Critical Role-- Thank you, thank you. Doing something totally different than what we do. No, no. Oh, thank, oh it was amazing. We were waiting in line for potato balls and-- -- and then we got here and there were potato balls. Classic birthday.