Oh, that thing. And sticks! Cats. Scanlan cat. Just cats! Critical Cats! Yeah, it was kind of intense. D& Sparkle, sparkle, sparkle, friendship! [dramatic music] What? Let's scout first, let's head there and then if everything seems copacetic. By airship! We do! We do. Because your-- Yeah, your shit father. Oh, shit. Hold on. Most of our friends are dead, let's be fair. They write notes. I draw pictures. Wow! TRAVIS and Yes, that is exactly what they call it when you have an establishment. Like a Monty Python animation. Back and forth. That's what I'm talking about. Animal handling check! We have done one? No cover story. We tell them who we are and what we're doing here. It's a fort. And they are at war as well. This is specifically where you want things to attack, as opposed to towns. (deep and cool horn) Piggy's got the conch. LAURA and And no horns. Give us time. It depends on who you ask, really. I'm going to take this moment to change out my attunement for my gloves from my sword. I'm going to put my gloves on and unattune to my sword. Things are dire. Why not? Well, that is true, and that is the purpose for our visit. Oh, I would say so. We have to. That will be job one. Oh, yes. And we'll have to. Sandwiches! The airship will be heading here anyway. We can load it with supplies as well. To here. Everything will be coming here, if things go the way that we hope they will. I specifically looked left, hoping. We've actually already killed three of the five Chroma Conclave. You can't just keep giving those away. Before we get ahead of ourselves, our hope is that we think we can lure Thordak out of the city, and we think we can get him into a piece of terrain that gives us the advantage. We were hoping this would be where we consolidate our forces and make a stand against him. I hate you all. We either face him in his home, in his terrain, with his guards everywhere, with people we cannot trust everywhere, or we lure him out and we bring him somewhere where we know the terrain, where we have places to hide, where we are prepared for him. There's no guarantees, but this is the best bet. This is the best place for us at this point. I'm sure you understand. There are no guarantees. We can work on that. We can work on that. Well, we can get to work. We can get people in. We can start making this place ready and we can start making a plan. We have a lot of power and a lot of energy at our disposal. Well, step one is food, then. Actually, they might already have a well here. There's no food you can grow underground, is there? We have options. That's like, 5th level. Can this actually work? Can we use the spell this way? We have to at least send word. That's the first thing we have to-- I'm going to look at the battalions. See if I can drudge up some people who actually know how these things function and start seeing how difficult it would be to get the ones that are broken working. We do a lot of bunkers. He gets that a lot. Ew. Seven. All right, we can make do. We can make do. I will definitely start making plans for the three that are functional to get them in tip-top working condition. All right. How many more of them were disheveled and broken? And they each had their own spot? Okay. That'll start, at least. I'm going to look for any improvements that can be made in defensive measures against flying creatures in any way. If we use some Stone Shape, we can make this even more defendable against flying creatures, et cetera. I'll start on one of the-- oh god, my brain has completely turned to mush. Trebuchet, thank you. I love the word. That'll do. 25. Around us, especially. We could still do work here. Here's what has to happen now. We need to send word to as many people as possible that we are meeting here for the final confrontation. We have to make sure that work continues here. And then, if there's time, while our forces assemble and things prepare, we have several things we can do in the meantime. We have the stone, as well. We could. That is absolutely on the table. It's going to take us a week to get this place even remotely ready for this confrontation. What happens in less than a week? It's going to take a few days for that to happen, to be set in motion. Let's see what we can do. Stop rolling, that's really disconcerting when you sit there and roll at us. We could ask for help from Kraghammer, as well. We could write an awful lot of letters. Fassbender? Well, dwell on that one. Well, that would save us an enormous amount of energy. That's possible, let's put that on the possible list. Westruun, they have the-- They have Fassbender, they could send a soldier with the Fassbender. You've saved us a trip to the Feywild and back. Send word that if they can contact the werewolves, the werewolves owe us a favor, I suppose. Not that they would help with that. As part of the message, that if there's a pack with the werewolves--- And when you're back in Whitestone, send the airship our way loaded with food and supplies if you can. And anybody who wishes to come fight. Yes. Staying in Whitestone is the exact opposite of certain death. That is the opposite of certain death. I think that the Clasp are going to be far more useful once they figure out the dragon has left the city. And I don't even think they necessarily need to be notified of such a thing. We could go to the Fire Plane really quickly. Yes. There's an object. It's from the Fire Plane. We are facing a fire dragon, which means it's something unbelievably useful or not useful at all. We need ice weapons, we need cold weapons, and we don't have any. Either that or in that ship that we left behind. So it doesn't matter, then. Well, at least that's a bonus in that means that anything will work as well as anything else. Raishan was going to feed him the information that he thought that we were here, and then vanish. I think Raishan will be clever enough to give him just enough to get him here. You'd have to ask Raishan. She might be willing to let me do such a thing. It's all right. We can head home from here. Someone has got to go home. I can leave, we've got one working. If I stay, I'll have two working. If I stay longer, I'll have three working. But I'll go where we're most useful. He's sent all of his dragons and nothing's worked. And the more he sends, the more we kill. I don't believe he'll suffer that much indignity. And that also means that the Clasp will have an opportunity to take back the city. If he leaves with his army, yes. If he leaves his army to actually manage the city-- Either way, it's stretching him thin. They were there. She's not going to come to the Fire Plane. She's not going to come to the Fire Plane. But you're right, she does. If I were her I wouldn't come. We need agents on the ground right now. Things need to move forward here. If opportunities present themselves to bring more people here or to gather more allies, take them. That works. No. It was a place to be looked at. And they flew over and didn't see it. I do. That's not fair. Supplies are on the way. Soldiers are on the way. Do what you can-- Cows eat hay, neigh neigh. Hey! So we say. Yes! I love it. We'll get as many of us on the carpet as possible. You should feel bad! We're going to blow it up again, woo! Table flip! We're going to take like, 20 of them to the fight. And they'll be fine. This is the direst of situations. Extreme measures must be taken. The stones don't work across planes, do they? But Allura's ability to send messages does. So if things start going very haywire, we can let her know that she is to call us immediately and we will drop what we're doing. Plane Shift. We're gathering forces at Fort Daxio to fight this dragon. And if you can lend any of your power, or have any power you can send, we'd be forever grateful. Soon. That is where we will head immediately when we are done here. All right. I think we've done an enormous amount towards getting prepared for this. Wow, okay! I'm going to go with Karin Rindevall, @karrey over in Gothenburg, for the amazing Percy being very, very busy and at work and reading. And very upper crust. Very fancy. The fanciest. So fancy. We're going to send a weird little Halloween cornucopia of weird. It'll be great. (singing) City of Brass! City of Brass-- Thank you! Just one Doors fan. 15. 15. I reach into the bag, and I'm going to grab a little chunk of dragon and a chunk of the previous goristro that we still have some bits of, and drop them in front of him on the ground. I pick up the dragon scales and put them back in the bag. That was a very good call. Always tip the doorman. We are walking towards the door. What do we know? Good sir, one question before we enter your city, since you are such a good friend and we look forward to possibly being friends again someday. Where would one find people who enjoy the sport of watching large creatures battle? If you could think of such a thing? I love your answer. I think there's a lot of magic here. Well, no, let's-- Six! I'm going to use one of my Resolves. And slightly better 15. I think the city's huge. That's the other question. Ten minutes-- and the other question is if you can change into a flying creature. I'm looking for social gatherings, pubs, and otherwise. Ten minutes. A fire elemental? Well, here we go. I'm all right with this. This is a great way to die. I am not hanging back; I am right in the middle. I'm trying to, like, be that middle point that keeps everything connected. I'm keeping pace, but I'm trying to be at the back end of it. What's happening? Well, all right. (McCree voice) It's lunchtime. Oh, yeah, I follow suit, yeah. I'm running in there. For god's sake, you two, tell them that you have to meet your owner! Yeah! There are no good ideas anymore. That's all the game is is getting lucky with bad ideas. That's the angriest thing I've ever heard. Oh, no! Run. Run! Yes, they do. No. Scanlan, close the door! Well, it's a little far away at the moment, but we could do a bit of business because we have other business to attend to. She know shit. Doctor Strange is part of this one. In about 15 years, we're going to sit down and show you everything. It's going to be great. My word. I'm certainly thinking of some plans. How often can you cast it? He's currently still linked to this realm. We are trying to take care of as much of it as humanly possible. As much as humanly possible. Perhaps a little bit more. We are here for the little bit more. We seek powers to help us defeat the dragon. Perhaps it is time to lay it on the line. Time is of the essence. Let's make a deal. We seek a set of plate armor. The Plate of the Dawnmartyr. That is our belief. Depending on how things go, we may even speak of perhaps commissioning some pieces. Your work is astounding. Possibly. I would like to think so. Depending on how the next few weeks go, there will be much to celebrate, and your work is celebratory. Let me put forward a theory for you. I hate those eyes. I can't look at them. I hate you. Whatever deal we make with you here, for the record, none of us will be staying. We may be coming back to fulfill some service, we may be coming back to fulfill some favor, and we will if that is the deal we make. But the deal we make will not include any of us. Is that understood? Is that agreeable? Only with him. Oh my god, you people. And I may have some things to excite you with, as well. Stop it! I know you've been doing it all game! Oh for god's sakes. I put the chains on. Just for insanity's sake, before I slip them on, I'm going to take a little bit of gunpowder out of my pouch and sprinkle a little bit in the locks and have some on my hands. Oh, it's going to be awful. Not enough to blow a hand off, but yes. Not even his bare chest, just nothing. The void. He's my new favorite. The week after Halloween? The week after? I'll never see Victor again. I have a new best friend.