You could build a bear in the beard. Dropping mad jams-- I'm not. I'm going to show you some music. It's cancer. It's been a weird weeknight. I had a strange day. I've infected friends with Spotify now. What if, due to some strange third-arm syndrome, I can't wear t-shirts; is there any way I can show my support to the show? With my third arm, I need necklaces and keychains. You're so stealthy. Another 826 in San Francisco? Yeah, because there's one there-- They might be opening-- that would make sense. I'm retweeting you right now. I do! Tara Platt, who is a wonderful friend of the show and amazing voice actress and extremely fabulous in many different ways; she's a sky pirate, she does all sorts of crazy stuff. She's got an Indiegogo for an interactive book called, and I'm hoping I pronounce this right, Zartana. You should check it out, it's really cool, it's really pretty and beautiful. It's got a very Stardust-y vibe. I've already picked up my copy. So you should go, there's just a couple days left, just hop in and grab a copy for yourself. It's going to be really exciting. And-- For the cool child in your life this Christmas. This would be for the kid who needs something that's not quite outdoors, but not quite a video game. Zartana. Also, I will be in OniCon in Galveston, Texas over Halloween. So, if you're in Galveston, Texas and it's Halloween, and you want to go to an anime con, I'll be there. And I'll be in costume, and it will be pretty hilarious. You should wear it like bling. Get a chain for it. That'd be great. No. No, never mind. God damn it, it keeps happening. Samurai? Well, there are options. Was that an issue? In the meantime, there are options. I can show you where there's water. I lived here my whole life. Yeah. Hit point bonus, advantage on wisdom throws-- I have my advantages still. So I'm going to lead them to the closest well. Well, here's the question. There's three lordly houses that we have to avoid at all costs, for now. There's a few shops that if we feel might be in our best interest to scout out. I know where an old weapons depot used to be. We could check the temples to maybe see if we could maybe find some support to begin with. There might be people I trust. There's a temple. It's not a pub town. And it's a place where you don't necessarily chat up new people, but maybe find some old ones. (sighs) If we have just enough time, I'd like to try to go to the temple and the cemetery. Leave, maybe Grog and Vex to guard Keyleth. Yes, the Zenith is the one I wanted to go to. The other one is called The Lady's Chamber. It's a temple of Erathis. I don't know anybody there. That's what I'm afraid-- they might know you, so no. Awesome possum. I was trying to be stealthy, as well. Although I'm fine either way. 23. How about a wheel and stick? (whispers) Yes. Yes. We go up to the doors, and give it a tug. This is my neighborhood. I feel comfortable. Suddenly, a lock appears! Utterly pickable! (laughter) I would like to find out what happened. I've never used this. I've had it since I created the character and I've never used this blade once. This is the most use it's ever gotten. I pull out this pristine piece of shit (laughs) I don't even remember. I think I found it in a dungeon. It's terrible. It's a boarding sword, it was one of those little curved swords. A scimitar. But short. It was nothing, it was terrible. Yeah so. Get it in there. Are any of them concentration spells? Let's keep going. One, two, three. 16! Let's use a sword, I want to see how this plays out. We are going to the window. We are going to the window. No! We are going to the window. Please do not destroy the temple of Pelor. How do you want to do this? Was it overkill? Because really it took that. It's not overkill if you used what it took. We took damage from an inanimate object. Oh god! Get it out of our system now! Oh god! All right, I'm looking around, taking in the damage. Anything that I notice is particularly out of whack from the last time I was here? Other than they're upgrading the locks, apparently. 15. Reynal? Father Reynal? (louder) Father Reynal? Let's check one of the doors. We'll start on the door on the right. Can I dip and smell? 13. 20. Someone has been working on something in here. I want to smell the ash. Does it smell like some sort of-- is it perfumed? "Without sufficient magical essence the distillation is proven to consistently fail. A "shame, really. I shall seek an influx of materials elsewhere before I can continue this project. "Regarding the weapon, after a year of taking notes from eyewitness accounts, my original designs were "faulty and recently cost me my hand. The wind of fortune has seen a shift it seems as Sylas just "returned from Emon, having encountered the still-living subject, and had the pleasure of "seeing his work first-hand. His unnatural eyes took in much detail. I believe his observations "have brought me to the brink of finishing my design. I intend to journey from Whitestone within "a couple of months to gather the components needed. But, if Delilah's hunch is correct, the "subject is heading here. I may find myself needing to leave sooner than anticipated." Why? I want to take another look at everything that was on the altar, and I want to see if it looks-- 18. Well, we know we're looking for someone without a hand. To find out who's trying to copy my work. Yes. Let's check the rest of the temple. What's in the pouches? Checking the door on the right. I'm going to search the room for anything else. Search the body. I want to check the other room. The room to the left. So much perception. 19. He means well. That's a terrible costume. You were so prepared for me to go to the temple that you built it? I'm not looking, I'm not looking. I got an 11! Together, we can get a Slurpee. I'm weird tonight. I don't know what's up. I rolled a one and then a natural 20. Thank you for the advantage. You can't be frightened after a Heroes' Feast. We should do this every time we fly. So truthful. You learned. 11. 11. We haven't been there very long. (whispering) God damn it. Really, it's the door's fault. Need more d6, or are you cool? 28, 29, 30. 34! Okay, so you know. I didn't do anything! Just get me up. It's okay. I don't get my turn until next round. 18. I'm back to zero. Yeah. I'm back to zero. I just woke up and went, (groans). Passed back out again. Yes, 19. 4d4 plus four? Four, five, six, seven, nine, ten, 14. Yep. I'm awake. Hurt, but-- Ugh! Ah! We should head back. Apparently, any help I thought we'd find here is obviously gone. Did we not check the other room? SAM and Let's check the other room, and-- We'll check the other room quickly. I was really hoping you missed that part. Has it been used recently? Is it-- 12. All right. I have theories on who's been using this space. Is there anything that would clue me in to who's been using this space? Now, here's the question. Do we leave them a sign that we're here, or do we hope that they don't notice? No. Wait. I want that. This is not Pelor. It's part of the crest of de Rolo. I would also like to drag Father Reynal out of his room and put him at the pedestal. Like to head back now, I believe. 13. Yes? A bit, yes. I suppose it's our good luck, then. (sighs) Reggie. Fuck my life. I know! 21! I'm actually supposed to be going back for a-- Yes, sir. I'm keeping an eye from the second floor. I want to see how much movement in the city there is and whether or not there's any guards by the tree, whether or not the tree seems to be left to its own devices. Definitely trying to memorize that. Is there a lot of light in the town, or not very much light? We've already blacked out-- You're going to shove it where the sun don't shine. That thing you hate doing? The ground is tainted. Let's sleep. I'm going to tinker for a moment on my glove with that thing I talked about. An intelligence check? 14. I just wanted to think about it. It's fine. I think we get it. We learned a lot. We know it's not dead dead. That it's just tainted. It's okay. I think I figured out what we have to do first. I think we have to kill Kerrion Stonefell. It's the one that everyone-- he's the one managing all of the goods and all of the farming. Kerrion Stonefell. He's in one of the three-- I would assume that he's been given one of the three mansions in town. I think it would be the beginning. He's who everybody's afraid of. We could hang him in the tree. I think we ask around to see if there's a way to ask around to find out who's in what house. Let's-- Eventually, yes. 12. Yay! There's more than Batman? (grunts) No, I'm fine. A little ticklish, I'm fine. I'll take some Goodberries. There's three. I don't. I also think perhaps we should find a new place to sleep tonight. I think it might be best. To mix it up. Keep moving. Scanlan, cast the spell. There's a shop that I used to frequent. We can see if that's perhaps been abandoned. So we're going to go to Beyond the Horizon. Yes. Do old ladies lick the air? Can we use this as a base of operations in the moment, then? Let's head to the closest mansion. Kerrion. I will say, chances that anybody in any of these buildings is somebody we're going to want to take care of is very high. I am a little pale. I just had a bad night's sleep, that's all. My nice jacket. We can ask around. See if we can manage to ask somebody without arousing-- How far are we from the temple? The Alcove? We could take a walk to the Lady's Chamber and see if we run into anybody there or on the way, and it's only ten minutes out of the way. Not as exciting as it sounds. (sighs) It's not looking like it. We'll get to it. He doesn't know what he looks like, anyway. I think they would, actually. They already have. Genuine proof that they are perfectly fine killing a small peasant boy. We're going to take a little walk and let it pass by. Let's go to the Lady's Chamber. You'll see. It's not really that complicated. TMI. He is Oliver Twist. I was ready! I was ready. Do I have an opinion on Yennen? We found him a bit obnoxious to our means and ends on occasion? He's also not a lapdog. I'm going to walk up to the little meeting. Is it wrapping up right now? I'm going to just walk up and start a conversation. Do you think there's any hope for Whitestone? Do you think there'll be a day the people can find happiness again? Do you think there will come a day that these people can seize freedom for themselves against their oppressors? Yes. I have a prayer to give. I pray for a day to come when outside forces can rally the people of Whitestone again. That strangers may come and bring with them salvation, and that the people will seize it. Look for signs, Keeper Yennen. Look for signs. I'm going to hand him a piece of parchment. Salvation. Good day to you, sir. We walk south. And you know what I've left him. That... (sighs) What appears dead may not necessarily be death. And that with the shadow of death over the city perhaps there is life deep underground. Perhaps things that appeared ended and gone are perhaps continuing to this day. And may rise again. 16. He's definitely not going to-- Let's head south. Kerrion Stonefell's stately manor. Countess Anna Ripley. That's the northeastern one. I'm assuming if it is who I suspect it is, it's Countess Anna Ripley. She is a terrible person. She's the doctor. I hope so. But let's-- one at a time. If we're lucky, maybe one a day. (coughs) I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I look like like a dirty peasant right now. Should only take 20 minutes to get to the house, shouldn't it? We're not passing anything interesting on the way, are we? I was thinking mostly of the barracks or the Alcove. Got some thoughts. The Lady's Chamber. There's quarters. They'll be able to hide us. Hunch. Actually, my thought was if we take care of Stonefell, why don't we hide in his house? If it would make you feel better, you can do whatever you like, but I think it's just a tickle. This has been what I've been working for for years. I'm not going to lose-- I was surprised last time. I've had time to think about it. I'm going to be all right. And I'm keeping it together. I'm not going to pretend that I'm great. But I've got a hold on it. I've got a hold. And I respect that if you think that I'm slipping, you'll let me know. If that isn't a sign that I must be crazy, I don't know what is. Are you actually the oldest among us? This is not a happy place. Look wet. The old Shawshank Prison walk. We're going straight there. Let's walk around the back, I think. You can mispronounce his name. It's fine. Sir Starbucks, yes. 50-50. Let's take a long walk around the house to see if there's a way in through the back. And I can't imagine that many people attempt to infiltrate this house. 21. Until two. Let's try to sneak in and leave the guards there unless they notice us and then we'll just (thwip thwip). You want to try to pull one of the wrought irons off, maybe? Yes. It's raining. We can make a little noise, it'll be okay. Lou Ferrigno-ing. Now we can get Trinket in! You can check to see if there's a lock on the cellar door? We have advantage? 26! (whispers) Quietly! That's crazy. Yes. Let's just go one room at a time. No. 28. Matt, that's a lot of maps you have down there. 23. I'm going to pull into that empty-- Oh, I've got a button, don't I? I'm going to pull into that corner right there? And I'm going to take two shots at that soldier in the corner, that guard. 22. That's just a d10, where are my d10s? That's nine points of damage. Another shot to him. That's a misfire. I'm going to do a quick repair. And that's fine. No, it takes a-- If you're lucky, you die last. There are three guards. Hunter's Mark? Oh, yeah. Kerrion Stonefell. That sounds like a great song. He's also aged. He's a bit peppered. What?! That's like a normal wolf. But dire. I'm going to take one step forward. I'm going to shoot that guard once, one more time. Yep. Fuck it, I'm going to try sharpshooter. And that's 14, 15, 21 to hit? That'll do 19 points of damage. Actually, that's more than 19 points, because it's a fire shot, so 19 plus two, so 21 points, with two points of fire damage in there. I'm shooting him again. (laughter) That's 21 points of damage. Fall, damn it. Shooting him again. That's 20 to hit. Eight points of damage. I finish walking almost into the corner over there, right next to him, about there. Spend an action surge, taking three more shots at Kerrion. This is a sharpshooter round. That's 19, 26 to hit. I don't crit on a 19. Oh, that'll do. 24 points of damage plus a point of ice damage. So, 25 points of damage. Yay! Because he's an asshole. That's six more points of damage. So you don't see shit. Shut up. I'm going to take a quick reload, and I'm going to fire again, with Sharpshooter, and I'm going to do a head shot. So, I'm going to attempt to make him have issues doing things. Natural 20. (cheering) I swear it's-- yeah. What? Does the d6 double or does it not double? This is going to be angry. So. 42 points of damage. Of fire damage. 42 points, and that's with 5 points of fire damage. 42 points. Just as an action, as a bonus action, I'm going to remove my hat, and I'm just going to say Drop it. On your turn, yeah. That's healing. It's not much healing. No, it's a fighter action. Yeah, it was with a head shot. So that means he has disadvantage on attacks for one round. And deals damage. I'm a good boy. Mr. Rogaine. From Harry Potter. Yeah. I know, me too. Filch. Filch on steroids. Don't you get an attack of opportunity? That soldier hasn't attacked yet, either. You can hold that action until she comes into the room. I like it when he has to go to the book. Makes me feel like there's, perhaps, things he doesn't know. But, he's-- Ain't it the truth? Man, that Faerie Fire. It's your AC. Nice. Sharpshooter against Kerrion. Do I have advantage on that because of Faerie Fire? 16. Yeah. Taking another shot. Yeah. 20. 15 points of damage. Third shot with ice. No sharpshooter. Natural 20! It's making up for my gun failing four times. I know. Six, 16, 25, 31 points of damage. 31 points of damage with four points of that being ice damage. Oh, stop it. Don't cheapen this! I'm going to put on the mask, since he still doesn't know who I am. I'm going to walk up to him. Yeah, there's no way to drop the illusion. That's such a damn shame. I did. That's fine. The mask will do. I'm going to take one last shot. I'm going to look right at him, I'm going to catch his eye. This is for the de Rolos. And let me say you were the one I was least looking forward to. I'm going to drop the gun. Remove my mask. Run to find something metal, something sharp, anywhere on the table. And just start scratching off the name on the gun. I'm just going to go to a corner and just start scratching the name off. That's my turn. You-- Oh, go ahead. I was going to say, tell him to go tell anybody else in the house everything's fine. Tell him that everything's fine. Can I run over to Kerrion's body? I'm running over to Kerrion and just going to rage loot him. I can't talk yet. I'm taking his swords, and I'm going to use his sword to get that deep gouge into the gun. And anything he has on his body, I'm taking it. And once there's a good gash in the name, I'm going to sit down and breathe. Kerrion's dead. There'll be time for that. I'm not available right now. SAM and Is it the one in the forest? How long have you worked with Sir Stonefell? Were you here when he took the castle? Good. You're very lucky. Because you're going to live if you show us-- And I bring out a map. I know. Drop the Blindness. Drop the Blindness. Look at me. Look at me. You're going to show me where on the castle is the secret entrance. Do you know who I am? You will. Mark it on the map. I know where that is. Can I propose something to you? Mark his face, take his tongue, let him loose. No, just his tongue. Mark his face. That was a bit more than I was-- Natural 20, really? I'm feeling like such a bastard right now. I take my gun. I'm going to shoot it very gently-- I'm going to shoot into the ground to muffle the sound. I'm going to take the heat of it, and I'm going to cauterize it. His tongue, so he doesn't bleed out. I'm going to mark his head with the still-hot gun. I'm going to do it. And then, I say we let him run out the front door and we set fire to the house. They don't know we're here. He's going to be missing by morning. They're going to know. We're trying to start a rebellion. (giggles) Don't make me laugh. This is dark shit. Fair. I don't even know what I've been through, to a certain extent, but yes. There's no pretty way to do this. I've marked him. I'm willing to walk away. I know a barracks. It's not too far away. I think they'll get out when the house catches on fire. (sighs heavily) Things are more complicated now. No. But, if it was, would I tell you? Thank you. That was unexpected. (sighs) That's a longer conversation. Yes. Let's take him, too. I give her one of the parchments. We're all going to start going out the way we came. Let's head back to the inn. Let's try the barracks. We'll try the barracks. Shit. Okay. Back to the tavern for now. 20. We're going to go into the basement. That'll do. That was amazing. I have a sword, now. So that's about to happen, yeah. Music to burn a house to. Music to violently murder people to. Music for a midnight murder. There we are. Actually, I have some art that I would love to-- can I put on the-- Yeah, I drew pictures. Just in case everybody wants to see, this is the terrible thing we keep carving into people and things. And then this is actually the de Rolo family crest. Just another fancy thing. Thank you. I drew a picture. So that shit happened. I think I'm crazy now. It's gonna be interesting. That got way darker than I was expecting. I hate you, Matt. Starburns! Do it! I got a straight razor, we could go for this. You trust me, I mean, you know. I can get in there. I can Sweeney Todd that. Starburns' really kinda rocking it for me. You're a terrible person! That is the worst thing I've heard yet.