Yeah, I gotta see that flute, though. No one is safe. Scanlan also just texted to say, "Don't kill the giant, don't kill the giant!" Texted while driving, I might add. Don't do that. Get it out now. If Scanlan were here, he'd say, "We need to capture the giant," by the way. Not texting it to us. That's what he would want if he were here. Capture him, capture him! Scanlan would say, "Capture him!" You also still have a Grapple arrow. Yeah, I know, I know. Yeah! That one scene? I love that one scene. Should we roll initiative? Okay. (sings) All together, now. 12. 12. We've got one over here. Two over here. MARISHA AND I'll go first. Okay, I'm going to-- Where am I? Okay, I'm going to scoot in over here and make my way. And as I'm running by, I'm going to take a shot at his kneecap and see if I can prone him. Yeah, I'm just going to knock him down. 20? 20 hits. He's grappled and he's now prone. But I'm going to do my 1d10 damage. That's 15 damage. He takes 15 damage and he's prone. And I'm going to finish scooting down there. We can't win! I spent a Grit point for that. Here. I'm not doing anything else for this turn. That went poorly. Do we have chain? Let's chain him up. We have chained him. Never-ending rope doesn't grow on trees, though. Sure, all right. Yeah, no, I've got it. I've got it. Very absorbent fancy robe. That accent was terrible. Everyone knows that, now. Vax and I are still getting something out of there. I'm lowering him down on a rope. Oh boy. Heal our, what are we calling him? Tiny. Heal Tiny. Accent is just terrible. We've got a distraction! TRAVIS AND Forget the fight. We can just send him off into the city and that should be enough for us to sneak in. That's just a sentence you don't hear very often. I'll take the first watch. Why not? We're not going to be able to do that. That's fine. We're not going to be able to get him out, I don't think. Well? How are we going to smoke him out? That's my thought. Absolutely. Except, of course, by doing that, we've destroyed the roof of the chamber, so there will actually just be nothing but ventilation. It's open. That we're talking about destroying? That we're talking about destroying. We're going to need to destroy the mechanism. We've already done reconnaissance. We know that there's a mechanism inside that room. We know that that's probably what's keeping the brain. I want to experiment on the-- I want to do a couple things. I want to first take, using my little kit, I want to just beaker off a tiny bit of it and expose it to some organic matter to see how it reacts. And expose it to a little bit of inorganic matter to see how it reacts. Flesh. Interesting. Now I want to try it on some inorganic matter. I would like a couple things. I would like one of the rusty instruments and I would like one of the diamonds, please. So that we find out if it's going to be useful. If it's just acid, it won't do a thing to the diamond. Or a sapphire, fine. And some Cold Stone. I want to try it on some ice cream with peanut butter. (laughter) On one of the rusty instruments, and on a sapphire. Shutting it down. Interesting, all right. Good on metal, not so good, necessarily on-- If the glass is glass, the glass will break. If the glass is something else, we may have to burrow through it. I'm going to clean off the sapphire. We're good. We're very, very good. I have a terrible idea. What if we break the fall of the device with Clarota? Oh, so sorry. No, I'm saying, what if we lure it into the center of the room and then drop the ceiling on top of it? I'm a bit tired. I'm so sorry. I think it is definitely an option, though. If we can lure it out of hiding and get it into the center of the room. Is the Elder Brain directly below it? Yay! He does not want to go against illithid. His poor mouse nuts. Yes, that's the plan. I think it might be too heavy. That's a good idea. This is assuming the bats are going to be a problem. I'm not afraid of bats. Do we have, really, an element of surprise at this point? Onward, ho. Do you have anything to contribute? We do have a giant piece of leather that makes us look like rock. We can-- And we can attach the camouflage back onto the flying carpet. We do. He can call every single creature in the city to come to his aid. More than enough to deal with us. So then we want people to come into the temple at that point. We're not going to set him on fire. I'll take-- I want to save as much of it for the beholder as possible. Yes. I'm going to head up top. Also, in the fight, I'll be more use from a distance anyway. Do we have any spare glass vials? Can I have one? Can I have a spare arrow? Vex? Can I borrow a spare arrow? A sparrow. I have a second, I want to see if I can make a crude acid arrow out of a glass vial. It's a Shatter, a straight up Shatter arrow. It's a Proficiency bonus, plus-- Thank you, please. (sings) Everything is cool when you're making an arrow! Ah, thank you. Oh my god. Yeah, nine. Ow. I wasn't-- Aw, I wouldn't have put the acid in yet. Okay, fine. Damn it. All right. I'm having bad rolls for this stuff, man. So that didn't work. I'm just going to pour very gingerly. I'm going to just pay attention. Yeah. Yes. That's a really-- That's a really good idea, actually. To be fair, traditionally, that's very similar to how pyramids are built. It was a good thought. I'm just going to keep breaking-- I'm just going to keep breaking hinges until it swings. You? Technically, you could really go underneath it. Keep him looking around. And remember that, if you don't use magic, and especially you have one magic attack, don't try and use magic when the main eye is on you. Let's. I think we should try this. So if he makes the portal, you have to get to the portal. We might not. How about "Oh god, we're all going to die. Run away, run away right now. My god, my god, "we're all going to die"? Yes, we'll do this. Yes. He's just sitting here, laughing. They're psychic. We do have a thousand-foot Teleport. Grog, for ground forces we do have a thousand-foot Teleport. So we could actually bring you into the room. Wow. Why don't we-- Is it possible to drop off a group and then go back and get the rest? A taxi? It was such a good try. Which is why we're picking you up in the second group. Yes. Stealth, stealth. Trinket should stay with the boat as opposed to fighting the beholder. Those are your options, is Trinket fights a beholder, or Trinket stays. Yeah. What's the bonus for Pass Without a Trace? 30. They're bolted into the stone itself? I would love to, while we're here, very quietly examine-- Someone's going back. So he's going back. I want to examine the structure to see if I could find the optimal place and the weaknesses in the structure. Whether or not it's more appropriate to pour the acid on the stone, whether it's better to pour the acid on the metal. Just to see where it would be weakest, mathematically. Investigate? 19. The bats say, "What are you clicking at us?" I was looking at the page. I was examining and I've got four vials of acid. I've got the three that we had, and then I've got the fourth, super-- That's a-- That's an omen of things to come. So, I'm going to start by taking our normal vials of acid and I'm going to pour very gingerly right at the sections I want to crack and start letting it burn. Okay, I'm going to take the major bottle of acid, and I'm just going to-- I'm going to just, I'm going to get the more intense acid. I'm going to just-- I'm just going to use the tiniest bit. I want to maintain as much as I can. I want to start working on it. Okay, I'm going to keep gingerly slicing it through, until it's just being held. The minute it starts to give, I'm going to shift to the next one. All right, I'm going to take the other half and I'm going to work on the other-- 29. (whispers) Grog, Grog! We're going to need a lever. We're going to need-- Wrench. Get a blade into the metal, into the iron. And wrench. And you're going to get the second one. But it should give. Using an axe, I'd imagine. Yeah, we're going to stick down, and just pull. It's not weakened. We're going to - We have to crack it. Well, yeah. Let's-- This is not going to be loud. Well, it will be loud once it breaks. Yeah, we do have a flying carpet. I'm going to do-- Would I have gotten enough engineering information about it to actually have a good sense on whether or not three to five tons would actually do anything at this point? Another investigation? 15. All right, let's go for it. I'm going to-- I'm just going to show where I want him to drop. This is the point. Take him all the way up. Screw you. I want my final words with you to be indignant and irritated. We'll apologize later. They're the things we've been fighting. Die with hilarity or die not at all. Yes? Thank you! Oh, yeah. He's meat. Yeah! Ten. Ten. That's a "he attacks first." 24. Okay. There's still a-- Two questions. There's still a stick floating in midair with a rope tied to it, correct? That's fantastic. I have a plan. Also, I've been curious about Targeting Shot-- If I use a Drop Targeting shot, that won't work on him, will it? The one that knocks flying targets down to the ground and then they fall. But it wouldn't do what it says I can do here, where he's going to hit the ground. I will hold off on that-- Okay so, I will, just-- I'm going to do a Targeted head shot. I'm going to grab the rope with my bonus action-- I'm pulling out-- Oh yes. I'm pulling out the Bad News. I'm going to take a shot-- Basically take a Targeted head shot at him. In the eye. 29. I think that hits. All right. So, this does a couple things. Where's my-- I know. Where the hell are my-- It's only ten points of damage, but the nice thing that that does, which is that, for the rest of his turn, up until the end of his turn, he has disadvantage on all attacks. Excellent. I'm then going to take the rope, holding on, and I'm basically going to do a swing so that I'm out of range for any of his attacks until my next attack. I'm not swinging down into the temple, I'm swinging around the outside of it so that it's-- Yeah. YOLO. Everyone scratch Keyleth off their T-shirt, now. (laughter) It's a little early, maybe. It's tense. It's cool. Oh, here. He gets it halved as well? That was me. Do I have cover? I thought I had cover, but okay. 20, 15. With advantage. You're not in the room. It's still, technically speaking though, we would still have advantage. All right, I'm taking-- I'm taking another aimed shot at the-- I'm taking another head shot. Straight into the face. Yeah, that's 29 to hit. I can't remember. Did we-- God damn it. No I don't. So that's 15 points of damage. And he has-- he maintains that thing where everyone still has saving throws. I'm then, I'm actually going to-- Okay, so you are going to need a constitution saving throw. Okay. 17. I'm going to duck. I'm going to step back from from the edge, just so that I'm not in its eyeline for a little bit. I'm going to catch a breather. So you would hold your turn until Grog's turn. I've heard worse ideas. Hundreds. Science! It was a bolo-y thing. The Tanglefoot was basically like a wire thing. Yeah, it was a bolo arrow. That's how it-- That was how I originally pitched it, was a bolo arrow. Okay. But the advantage cancels-- advantage? Regular roll? Fuck you, little plastic toy. You're not the boss of me. Okay, weird question. (laughs) All right, we've got a giant spiral machine hanging by two chains right now. I'm going to peek over the edge. And is there a way that if I happen to snap one of those chains that that thing would go slamming into him? I'm going to pull over and make that shot. I'm going to steady myself, sit down, and I'm going to make that shot. Fine. I go around the other way. 17. Does not hit a not-moving target? So-- Thank you. Seven, eight, nine, ten. 15 points of damage. 20. Yes! Cool. Bonus action. I'm shooting him again. Action Surge. Yeah. Well, I used my second attack to reload. Now I'm on my-- Yeah. Have I actually moved all six of my-- All six of my spaces for movement? I ignore three-quarters cover! Thank you. All right. I'm spending the last of my Grit to do yet another head shot. Technically, it's a head shot. It has an effect. I'm shooting him in the eyeball, basically. That's a 29 to hit. That's 18 points of damage. 18 points of damage, plus the same thing. Everyone gets this-- So everyone gets advantage. We were with you. We were totally with you. You want to do it crying, I know that much. That is how it's done. No, this is the end of, like, Iron Man 3 right now. I'm kind of, I'm a little irritated. I loved it. I'm going to hop on the magic carpet. And start heading in, and I'm going to get-- I'm going to get myself down and I'm taking a shot at the horn. Because I'm so close? Okay. 18. It hadn't been for disadvantage-- That's the end of my turn. Kind of in the middle of a bunch of stuff. Here, d8s. It's like the thing at the end of Time Bandits. We should just-- Oh god. Yay! Thank you. Thank you, thank you. I just gained the ability to do those head shots, like, two games ago, too. I'm just so excited. I can't wait. We're offended. I'm offended. Read book good. We kicked its ass. Yeah, we also have a couple people in the studio that should at least say hello before they leave, too. You gotta say hello.