Debatable. This looks unhappy. Let it happen! Let it happen! Big League Chew! No god! No, no, no. Gotta go! Don't look! No matter what, we're going to think less of you, it doesn't matter anymore. You get a participation ribbon. Well done. Five years from now, your children will be able to Google this. I'm just going to remind you. I'm no longer thinking about the game. Well done. Yeah, not even thinking a little bit about the game. Just roll it up and burn it. You gonna finish that Coke? Why are we not talking about this? My, how time flies. Breaded Men? Oh, I saw Breaded Men, I was very excited. This is how he criticizes us now, is he makes a little web video and sends it to all of us instead of talking to us. I'm feeling it. Yes, it turns out I have to record voice over on occasion, so Wednesday Club is not going to be me this week and I'll be talking to comic books to the engineer who will be mildly irritated with me. But instead, you guys, Matt Key is going to be hosting and he is going to talk about his favorite thing in the world. -- his wife, and Doctor Strange, but that's cool, too. Because him and his wife. And Doctor Strange, his work wife. It's great and fun. I'm still underwater, aren't I? I am dragging Taryon-- and you, if I can drag you as well-- we're walking away. Did we all hear it? The kraken. Okay. That's good. They-- they-- They went away. Can we breathe some air? Please? We're on our way. Barely. Yes, for the moment. We're on our way. Keyleth, what-- Are there other options? Are there other options? Is anybody else startled by it? I'm going to run to my room and get my things. Have we had-- we have not had anything vaguely resembling a short rest at this point. You in? All right. I'd been hoping to run a perception check through pretty much this entire conversation, to make sure she's being completely honest about everything. Yeah, an insight check. Meh, 13. Okay. Well, he did well. Yeah. Yeah. No, I know the feeling, man. Whoa. How you feeling, buddy? Where is everybody? Yes. I'm going to be crafting little seashell necklaces or hair bits for everybody-- I've been working on a hair bit. Mm. Little-- Yeah, and like the-- -- with the little, yeah. You know what it-- yeah-- It's like we've had this conversation. Making little bits for everybody. I say-- I make sure Tary gets a little seashell crown. So. We do have to get him an earpiece. Long may he reign. (all laugh) Is there anyone else around, by the way? I wanna check, are we being listened to? Is there anyone within earshot? Is there anything-- 16? Okay. Oh. It has not come. Ooh. I wonder-- Oh, dear. Uh.. Keyleth, I've been thinking. What do you think the Aramente is supposed to teach? I'm regretting that I hadn't been thinking about it until today. Well, they tell you to go out and gather a group of friends, and then thrust yourself into a death-defying situation that is likely to get people killed. I'm-- and I don't mean to worry you-- just be cautious, I don't-- I have that nagging feeling, and I'm hoping it's wrong, but I think it is possible that they feel you did not lose-- you did not learn the lesson of the Aramente. What if the lesson is loss? What if you're supposed to go down there and watch people that you love die? The thing that defines the worst leader a people could have is a lack of empathy. I think that they make sure their leaders might-- I think it's possible, I don't-- I'm nervous. I think it's possible that they make sure their leaders are empathetic by making sure they know pain. I do, I just hope that it was enough-- I just-- you know me. This is beautiful here, and I-- I look forward to leaving. And I'm very proud of you, but I will be on my guard, just in case. Every farm boy in Whitestone, once he's old enough to talk and work, names an animal, raises it, and butchers it. I think I'm too cruel to lead. (sighs) Regardless, speaking of which, oh boy. Grog. I have something to say. In a moment of panic, I may have influenced your decision to save Taryon from the kraken. I instantly regretted it-- not because of you, Taryon, I do apologise for that-- I instantly regretted it. It was a poor decision. I fully apologize, and if you wish to keep my glasses, I totally understand, and at the very least, if I have a swift punch in the face coming, I completely understand. I'm so sorry. And I wish I could say I would never do it again, but I honestly don't trust myself that much. But I am really, really sorry, and if anything had happened I would have run in to save you as best I could. I think you're gonna punch me. (all laugh) It's-- I don't know, sometimes I can just be unnaturally convincing. In the wrong hands, which are my hands on occasion. I felt bad. I feel bad. I feel like I did-- I was not a good-- I feel like I made a poor decision, and put you in peril, and subverted your free will. Does that make-- Uh, no. Small words. Because I'm a jerk. That's why you saved Taryon, 'cause I'm-- because I can be a bad friend. I just am trying to be honest with you, because I respect you, and I would hate for you to think that-- I-- (sighs) Terrible at this. No, I'm not all right. I've made some bad decisions today and I've terrible thoughts and-- Ugh, I'm so tired. How about we just say I owe you one? I owe you one. No, well, you can say that, too, but just know that-- that I owe you one. I owe you-- what-- It's-- That would work-- I just-- Have some seashells... And a skipping rock. I feel better. That's all I needed. That's all I needed, I feel better. (slow claps) I can die happy now that I saw that. It may be. I'm showing Pike the jewelry I'm bringing back. So, since I can't give it to you now, I'm just modeling it. It's a little hand thing, it's got some tie things. I don't know if that will go well. Patience! I'll clean it off. (all laugh) Pour. Like Labyrinth muppets, maybe. Like the creepy head Labyrinth muppets. Oh, well, that's disconcerting. That's less disconcerting. Oh dear. Very frightening. This went so FernGully so quickly. There's always room for jello. Oh god. Juice Springsteen. Yeah, well, yes. Congratulations. No. No, and thank you for not being-- somebody has to be all right. I mean, I'm fine, I'm fine. I do. I know. I will, to the end. I need you, too. But we're not all going to make it. It certainly is. I am happy to try. But things are only going to get more complicated. Congratulations. That's very impressive. (laughs) I will thankfully never know. I'm so proud of you, Travis. However this goes, I'm so proud of you. You used your mind. I've been waiting for it. No! I'm going with that one. You don't get to negate that one. No I'm going with my first one. You don't get to negate my roll. I did not roll-- I'm going with my first roll because he's a jerk. 27. Jerk. Okay, yeah. I think we'd just stay perfectly still? And try and lift our chin and push forward. Couldn't be. Manna from heaven. Manna from heaven. Oh! Oh. Well done! Close enough! Close enough! Muselix. It's a little-- That all depends on how much whiskey. That's fair. That's a whiskey-based pronunciation. That's okay. With confidence and pride. This is amazing. Kiko works. Let it roll. That's pretty good. (all cheer) (laugh) Serf trervles. Wow. It was so good! No, not yet. We can also have them start looking at the books while we're away, telling us if they find anything of value. There'll be time on the ship. Let's take our time, before the Orcas. It'll be fine, he's just going to make himself pass out, it'll be just fine. I want to see, let him sleep it off. Two. Well, that was English, well done. That was the most English thing I've ever seen in my life. I'm not helping. (all laugh) Hand over a big pile of seashell jewelry. Now, there we are. It fits, good. I was a little worried. I've only got the medium glasses right now, so-- Everybody needs a hobby. Macrame might be mine. Thank you. Did we hear him say that? Okay. Give you a place to put down your things for a bit. Yeah, we'll do a bit of that. I'll show you the other workshop. Oh, good. I actually need to talk to you about that. That's very fair. Yeah, how did you manage? Well. That is unexpected. It's more of a summer home. Oh no, we're going to get there, but I figure we give him the full tour. I've been thinking about redecorating. Well, summer home really. No, but if you have any input on decor or otherwise, we would be interested. Oh, I would assume. We'll vary it up a bit. In my old room. (all laugh) It's good coffee today. And I'll definitely show him the downstairs, and anytime you want to use the workshop downstairs-- it's a bit thin at the moment. Yes. Invisibility? Teleportation? Death has changed you. Oh. Feel free to restock whatever's missing. Keyleth and I, I think at the very least, and maybe anybody else who wants to go upstairs and start poring through the wonderful private nooks and crannies of the library, please. Nooks and crannies? I've got-- well, they're not very good, are they? Do I have any spare-- I don't have any spare glasses, do I? I think I need the glasses. Hm. Let me think about that for a moment. Carry on. I'm very quickly going to craft something super simple. I want to make a little foil pinwheel out of tin. It's proficiency plus dex? I can never remember. Well, you know, that's probably good enough. Let's see. 18? Yeah. I have made a tiny pinwheel. It spins. And it's made of metal. And I put it on your lapel or your little strap that counts as a-- I just put it in a belt loop. Now you know if there's wind blowing. This is what I had I'm really like-- I'll give the glasses back when I'm done with them. This is a rental charge. Shit. Oh dear. I'm just going to help with the spines of books at this point. When you put it like that. A'ight. Also, yeah. High-school Spanish. Common, Celestial, Elven. All right. Who reads Abyssal? I can't-- who reads at all. This is all out of focus. Are you enjoying yourself? This is my gift to you. Happy Rebirthday. I'm glad I let Grog hit you 'cause I know it hurt more. Yeah, a lock on a book is one of those universal titles that make sense in any language. Are we going there? It's a locked book of unspeakable evil. Oh, god, if that's all-- What's Doty's willpower? I can't read it anyway. That didn't work out. This'll be like the end of the second act-- -- the second act of Ghostbusters. Do you act-- (burps) I run over, I give you a quick kiss. I say, if you turn evil, it's still cool. Just so you know. (all laugh) Whoa. Bless you. Yep. It's a knockout. Wow, now I can feel the fingers in the back of my head. (all laugh) Damn it. Pike, can we destroy this thing? The knowledge exists now. It's outside the book, and if the book was-- there's something in there. Oh! Oh! Transcription of the story. It would be invaluable. That was-- No, that was a sea captain's journal. It's okay, it doesn't matter, it's not-- No no no no no! I think so. Even if there is a vault, all the vault is is a-- it's the one place in any city where everyone knows something valuable's kept. You know, I feel like there's someone collecting terrible things. I would feel all right with that. Let's re-lock it. I concur. You concur? I feel that the Cobalt Reserve will probably have some sort of situation for books like this. That seems reasonable. South. Yes. It's just a spinning black orb of death sitting underneath my family home. No. There's nothing-- I'm well aware that it's terrible. I don't know why you're staring at me like that. Yes, I think about it a lot. I'm-- I just don't know what to do about it. We'll help. Back to the keep. We are in the keep. Did you want to shop now or later? Well, we can shop in the morning, on the way out. Yeah, that's fair. Brunch. At dawn, we brunch. No chicken. I just want brunch so badly. I miss brunch. Doctor Whom. Many of us-- Hey, you don't have to DM the Mansions for once! Now Apple will do it for you. If we bring the expansion, you can still be Ashcan Pete, too. Ashcan Pete! Your Ashcan Pete makes me happy. No, no pressure! There's Big League Chew on the floor. There's a little bit of Big League Chew. Wait, wait. Wait. Good, then something positive has come out of this. That's not supposed to be purple.