That's not nice. Swished it right to left. Right to left. Yeah. Wet. Uh, yeah, no. (laughs) I'll take that. Yes (clears throat) He's inside. I'm organising, getting any materials that we need No. I don't think so, not yet. We take him to the castle, I suppose, at this point. He'll be taken care of. Of course. He'll be fine. I am going to go back the castle, sit down, take this off, and I think sleep for a long while. We'll take him to his room. I'll make sure someone cleans him up, dresses him, puts his things away. You're welcome to take him to his room. That was so subtle. Technically, chronologically, it wouldn't have happened yet, yeah? I was really looking forward to it, to be honest. I was actually hoping to be around the corner for a chunk of this, 'cause I was heading to Scanlan's room as well. Awesome. 14. All right, now I am coming around the corner. I've waited long enough. Four if you can learn to use your feet. I am going to wander into the room, with a nod and just sit for a moment. No. I love you so much. I'll be passing this around a bit. Honestly I am thinking about going through his things, so no, I don't think it is. Thank you. We make it here. I forget, and then suddenly I remember that I met you all in a prison cell. It's not fair, is it? It's just, one day you lose so many people and then just one day you stop. And at one point in your life you decide that suddenly for no reason, there's just-- you're just not allowed to die yet. Your life just isn't your own anymore, and suddenly you've done what you were supposed to do and now you're back. And it's just not yours anymore, is it? And what of everybody else? It's not fair, any of it. I don't know. I know my life isn't my own. My life is all of yours. My life is my sister's. My life is this castle's. My life ended. I'm very glad to be here. (laughs) I just miss an awful lot of people, that's all. And I don't understand how we get to choose. I know. I know you don't, Grog. I'm so grateful that you don't. To the unyielding unfairness of the universe. And that it decided that we get to keep this bastard. Hardly fair. That's why I was thinking about going through all of his things. We could just leave him in a gutter somewhere. Make him think he's reincarnated a hundred years in the future. I don't know. I keep thinking of terrible things to do to him now. I know. I-- well, we were all troubled. I feel like once Vax is awake, we'll really have an expert at this sort of thing available. I wish I could hear that! You're not in the room. You're not in the room, asshole! I know. I don't know if Percy is that-- has that much of a lack of propriety. He's really debating though. How much have we had to drink? I think that's a great idea. I think I need somebody with a better mind for this. A bit. That would be cruel. Well, you're a decent person. Should we? I've got an idea. We're gonna need one of your nightgowns and some of the pudding from downstairs kitchen. (all laugh) I'm gonna send for some desserts from downstairs. Oh, I'm well aware. That's fine, stale is better. Well, first we're going to have to strip him We're gonna put him in your nightgown. We're gonna just, sort of leave him hanging off the bed and decorate the entire room with all the desserts we've brought up and just smear them in interesting patterns and-- Maybe some Latin everywhere. Just wonder what happened. Let's just leave him a tableau. I think it's a fabulous idea. We're gonna braid his hair as well. I'm gonna smear in some of it on his forehead so he can read it in the mirror backwards and it's just gonna say, 'no, never.' (all laugh) Gently, gently with your-- you can fit that. Oh, that's true, it is a small head. Let's do two lines. You, sir, are a man of the world. What a great idea. (all laugh) I'm going to retrieve two of my scarves from my room. (all laugh) With two of-- of the-- uh, yeah. Couple of neck scarves. Not too tight. Gentle. (laughs) I really I feel like I'm getting so many more chapters. It is time for sleep. He's still sleeping it off. I don't think he's actually like woken up yet. It does, yes. Good. Fascinating to know. Really? Really? Such impropriety. Well... there are things to do I suppose. There's still a list of things that need to be taken care of. Good morning. I don't remember, what? Oh... Ah, the night got weird. It's good to see you too. Welcome home! (laughs) Very glad to be alive. Yes, she is. I think that might be fun! (all laugh) The girth of things you do not know could fill such a cavern. I did. Ah, I love you. I'm so proud of you. Wow, thank you, I didn't need that. And that's how you put on armor. (all laugh) He's got nurses. The nurses were given some instructions. You're welcome, dear. Seemed the least we could do. Keeping him in the manner in which he is comfortable. (laughs) No. But if you do need a room-- (all laugh) It does. Don't hesitate to ask if you do need anything. I am powerfully aware. Poobah! de Boink. Steady are the winds caused by the farts of kings. (all laugh) Indeed. Yeah. (whispers) We'll be back. So I'm told. It was like a goose. You just wait. And I flipped the Dragonslayer Longsword for the Gloves of Missile Snaring. That was the last thing I did. No, not really. (groans) Not for a bit. Don't talk to me. Sorry. I say we go to Vasselheim. We'll walk to our keep-- We made a double-check. Not a terrible idea at all. We'll need to install the teleportation circle at some point, perhaps. Seems to be the word of the day. (all laugh) One a day. That's the hope. Can I roll a perception check on his hands? 18. Good to know. No. Seems a bit disrespectful. I would love the notion that the one time that we actually follow through with this very simple and basic thing that we aim to do and just everything goes to shit. Really lovely, very us. My god, your notes. No, these are amazing. I think we should make a tree and head in that direction. All in favor of jumping through that tree-- How paranoid has everybody gotten? Wow. This is getting weirdly personal. What high schooler hurt you? People haven't sold you a subscription to Highlights. I am genuinely worried about everybody. The other side of the tree. I'll join in this history check, this is bothering me. 26. How about we just ask a few questions to see if anyone remembers his wife? Maybe she left some sort of connection to this place. Yes, but they just say shkshkshkshk. (all laugh) If you wanna help build tension, Lootcrate will help you build a lot of things today. Oh, stop it. Build suspense. Build character. (laughs) Sorry. Shit. That was the saddest advantage I've ever seen. I think it's a great idea. We've had a very long week. Excellent. That's very true, actually. Or so similar that it might be a problem? It's just, there's a lot of clash. I'm keeping my mouth so shut. I think knowing his work is underground may be enough. Thank you. (laughs) Woooow. I think perhaps there will come a time, but that it is not yet time to put the staff to rest. I could watch your moral panic all day, it's so delightful. I wanna see if I can find two small stones while we're walking through the path. I wanna find two pretty reasonable fire-starting stones. Yeah, just a flint. Man. Nine Damn it. I'm gonna keep looking. (sighs) No, it's not. Yeah, I was just thinking that he needs a gift. Not yet. I'm all right with that. (aside to Marisha) Well, I just want, like, another one. Two. --what you've GOOOOT! Show me what you've got! (everyone laughs) What? What? Quivering Palm. The potion of broken heart. (whimpers)