And some Yenk, I imagine. I may lend my cut-dragon-like-butter blade to this whole process. We'll find something. Things went well. No. All good. Good. No. I'm going to point at all-- you all, sun goes down, all of us drink back there. Go back. Everything's fine. Oh, why didn't you say something? You're standing there making us very nervous. I'm fair with that, all right. Harvest gently. We're trying to keep as much of it-- And we are interested in scale, tooth, and claw, and maybe some eyeballs, so that works out very well. Mind the tree. Mind the tree. They're Boots of Taste that you have. They're Uggs. Lava lamp. I'm so hoping it talks to you now, I'm so hoping it starts talking to you. Let's build a condominium. 150 pounds. We're going to have to fill the Whitestone coffers with some of this stuff when we get back. I was saving that! Empty vials? I'm out of vials. In theory then, I have three empty vials because I did have three healing potions that I've used. Thank you. I'm going to go sit down for a little while, and breathe. I've got to try and fix my guns. Is this a misfire check or a tinkering check, since I'm not in combat? Okay, so it's proficiency bonus, dex roll. Ooh, 28! Yep, that's fine. Yup. 26. Yeah, Retort's fine. Wow, that would be a thing, wouldn't it? Do I recognize the text on it? Celestial? I was a very lonely child. This is some sort of paladin sword. It's a holy weapon of some kind. Anything else interesting? How were the dragonborn about us taking some of their-- Anything else we should go back for, as well? There was a what? There's a ship in the dragon's collection? I think this would be a really good idea, before we left. If a dragon grabbed a ship, it was probably filled with something interesting. It got his attention and he kept it. The ice is already melting. It's not like anyone can get in here. It's as guarded as it's going to be right now. She was doing something previously. I don't think that anything awful is going to happen. They are interesting, and I'm indifferent to such things. Is there other things? Does this actually look like a special gem? That requires somebody who knows things. There's some bracelets and such, I thought I'd take a look. Ah, I'll take a look at the back-blades. I think I can only handle one of these, but we'll find out what happens. So many things. Yay! That's a magic all its own. Paper faces on paradé. Would you like me to attach the mask to your fine hat? All right, bring it downstairs. Yeah, let's just do this. Your what? Oh yes, of course. We're all going downstairs. That's not a spell attack, is it? No, it does nothing else. Yeah, grabbing the helmets and here, I'm going to borrow you. There's actually a drink called Cock Ale, which is brewed in a dead chicken. I say we pack up all of our things and raid a ship. I say we-- Well, some of us, yes. I say we take a night, we hit the ship and then head home. Put some ice in it, keep it cold. We had a little bit of metallurgy to do. Regular dex-based? All right. All right. That's a 26. I've also carved, in Elven, in the inside, "Kick Me." Yeah. So it's there. I think so. Yes, let's. I know! I don't know. Did you say that before turning into an elephant? For god's sake, Vax, stop aerating more wine! We've had enough! You've had enough! No, never! Am I aware of this happening? At all, I don't see them at all? I'm thankfully wearing a helmet. (deadpan) Oh help. Help, please. That's not bad, that's 18. You're an elephant in the Cloak of Displacement. It's not hard to hit an elephant. I can't imagine it. I legitimately cannot imagine it. It is! It's Dr. Fredrickstein, please. It's clean. It's perfectly reasonable. It is engraved in Elven on the inside, it's lovely. It's your title, sir. It's meant to be secret. Did you? Oh dear. You sound very intimidating. Oh my god. It'd be good to have a list of things to ignore, I agree. I propose that we have an evening's rest. In the morning-- No, I think we need an evening's rest. You did her fun buns? Oh! Okay! That's good-- I didn't think anything, I'm going up. Let's pack our things, head down and take a look at that pirate ship, then head home. Well, that ship. I don't know if it has pirate symbols, but I'm very excited. Probably a bit. Having the ability to melt some ice would probably be helpful. Also, you're going to have to do the tree teleport and possibly we want to deal with reforestation of some kind. We have to go out like Captain EO. It's a thing. No. Not a bad idea. It's all in the same place. If there's a problem, we can call the others. We won't be that far away. Thank you. Oh, I may need a ringtone later. Certainly adds something, doesn't it? To the whole valley. It's quite nice. If you could let them know that we're going to make one last venture into the ship and then we'll be on our way. Well. I speak a couple of languages, I read a couple. Does it look familiar? Celestial, Elven, Common. 19. But I burned a Resolve. Let's burrow straight into the side, I think, to be on the safe side. Let's stop melting ice. I don't know, I'm irritated by it. Why would he? We left one. The ice was going to collapse eventually, anyway. If you find something-- If you find an ice weapon in that ship beneath the throne-- anything magical, some sort of ice power, we may need it. That may be useful. Yeah. God, I want to get in that ship! No, you're going to win. Sure, yeah, I'm going to do nothing but stare at that bloody ship if I don't, so sure. I'm trying really hard not to think about it, actually. I don't know, honestly. There hasn't been a lot of time to process. I would say it would be nice to be going home, except I know what we're going home to. So there's going to be no relief. That creature hanging around. Yeah, death was not pleasant. All right. I don't, actually. I would've eventually looked it up. It's the sort of terribly boring thing I would do. I tend to think that many people tend to exalt the exact opposite of what they are. I recently-- I will say, before death-- had a bit of an epiphany, and have been trying-- not always succeeding, but trying-- not to dwell on such things. Yes. Yes. Yes. How common is that word? I would know the word. Oh. I think so. I'm trying. It's the only thing I've tried that's made any sense so far. And it felt very liberating, it felt good, it felt perfect. And it wasn't about her. It was just about me. Honestly, that was really the thing that I noticed, was I didn't say it to make her feel better, I didn't say it to give her any peace. I came to that feeling before running into her. I didn't know if it would be true when I saw her, but I feel like so much of my energy had been such a waste. And worse than a waste, it had been twisted in the wrong direction. And it's too late for a lot of things. There are things I cannot take back and things that I have done that will forever be terrible, but that's not the point, I suppose. Thank you. I would like to think we're all better than we think we are. Except maybe your brother. I think he's just a mess. Is he in here? Shouldn't have given him that ring. Thank you. I know I have to forgive myself. I'm not quite there yet, but I can see a path. I like where we are and what we're doing. I think that we're the right people in the right place and the right time. I would be horrified if you were taking yourself too seriously. It was quite lovely. I don't know if the tree is quite as happy with it, but I was quite impressed. Thank you. What room are we in, out of curiosity? Oh, no room, we're in the woods. Yeah, all right. As I walk away, I walk up. I kiss her. So we'll talk later. And I walk away. Bless you. Bam, motherfuckers! Bam! There was pissing, there was kissing, there was everything! Pissing and Kissing is the title. You're welcome, Internet.