Live streaming. Anything I need to know about? That's his subtle way of saying I'm not going to make level 15. You're so creative. Ten. Not cool. All right, I'm going to head in the direction of the message I just received. So I'm going to crawl around the bottom there. That's as far as I can get, that's fine. I'm going to take a couple shots, with the big gun. I'm going to Bad News this. So, let's take a shot at that guy. Yeah, that's reasonable range. Yeah, okay. Not too close. That's not bad, 21. 28 points of damage. Quick reload, going to get one more shot off and I'm going to take this one with the sharpshooter effect just to see how things go. Yep. Yeah, the deadeye. The negative five to hit. 14. That's what I got. That's a lot of rolling. I'm going to do something insane. I've got some plans. (singing) I can show you the world. This could go worse. Oh, shit! Okay. These creatures have no eyes. I'm made of smoke. (sighs) Okay. As long as we're all clear here what's going on, that's fine. And I can just dash? Well, and can I still move around and do things while I'm trying to revert or is it-- Reverting. Am I just stuck reverting? Can I just make the decision? I'm going to have my concentration on reverting. But in the meantime, I'm going to-- I have to use my action? (sputtering) Can I dash into one of the creatures? It wouldn't know that I was there? It wouldn't-- Okay, well I had the thought of maybe I could attempt to get them to attack each other. I'm attempting to tap them to get them to think that there's something happening where the worms are to get them to attack. Really? Natural 20, Motherfucker! (screams) (laughter) Baby, I know we've been arguing a lot lately. But I want you to know I take it all back, I take it all back. I'm going to buy you something so nice. I'm going to buy you ice cream. I'm going to buy you good ice cream! I'm going to go to Scoops. Three, motherfucker. (laughter) I will use an action surge and start turning back into a normal human then. Oh, I'm going to move behind it then. That way. No, I mean far away from it. And then I'm going to use an action surge and start meditating on it. That's what it feels like, motherfucker. Yeah that ended it. Trinket's there too. (laughs) Can't win. I'll say it if it makes you feel better? As you should be. You're defying god. Casting time. No. TALIESIN and Consult the book. I read the card too, I didn't see it. All the damage. Shake it, shake it, shake it. You've had a lot of time to think. I want to hold my turn until the other worm returns. Not going to move anywhere, just going to stay right there. I held my action Until the other worm returns. There's a rock slide to its right. Damn it! Sorry. Sorry. We live in a cold, cold world. No one deserves anything. You touch me when you're trying to touch the worm. I don't know how-- Damn. I'm going to shoot the purple thing with a violent shot. I'm going to drop all three points into violent shot. If I roll a six. A six or lower. It-- Oh! Never mind then! Oh shit! Then never mind. Then I'm just going to take two points of violent shot. So that's-- Yeah. Yep. Seven. I rolled a seven. Wait! I get to reroll something, don't I? Where is it? Where is it? Aw. Do I get a reroll? Yeah. One save reroll per--- Okay, I'm going to pull out my new gun and take two shots. God damn it. (sighs) That hits! That's a 21. I'm just going to roll the other one, too. And that's a 30, that hits. So that's, plus 12. Eight, 15, 25. That's 27 points of damage. Bad News is down, I toss it to the ground, I pull out the new one. I take my shot just to get its attention to get one in the mouth. Your balls of fire wand. I'm going to take another shot at the big icy worm. I'm just going to take two normal, everyday shots because things have been weird. It's got to be close to death now. That's 17. And 24. Yes. Well, that's my third-- Third attack is to reload. I keep track, I'm good. 21 points of damage. Oh yeah, I'm staying where I am. Go grab the gold, let's get the body, and we'll get out of here. We have to search the body as well. I'm going to check the frozen body. Is that the dead man? Is it possible to move the frozen man, or is he just really stuck in there? Keyleth! Can I borrow you over here? Can you warm him up and see if we can get him out of here? We know what happened to him now, though. Run! I say we grab the tea set and the skull and take them to Lady-- No, actually, maybe we should have it identified first. I think that would be wise. Certainly can't have anyone else moving in here. We should find out what that skull does. I can't look at him. I would agree. I don't think it's necessary for us to claim ownership for it. We just need to have it cordoned off and make sure no one else, other than us, can come in. Let's bundle it up in the tapestry. Well, let's take it to somebody who-- I think we should take the skull and show it to someone who might know what it is. Yes, Grog, we can hear you. And while you're there, spend some money at Gilmore's Glorious Goods. Gilmore's, where all of your magical items can be procured. With a smile a week. I'm exhausted. Don't forget? Grog! It's the reverse whisper! They're not talking, there's just tongues in ears. Okay, we're running out of the house. We're running out of the house. I'm following him out of the house, so. It's going to go Poltergeist on us, isn't it? Because you're really bad at it. And it's hilarious. No, it didn't. I'm going to pull out my sword and pick it up by the eye socket. I'm going to carry it on a stick. It's going to look weird with a cloth over it, but please, go ahead. We do actually have a way of magically transporting to Whitestone. As long as they're on you, as long as you're holding them. We'll keep it locked in my workshop for now. We can make it a night. And we will make sure that they know we have to deal with the house. I'll actually-- I've got a great idea. I'll take the skull to Whitestone, and I'll see you in the morning. I was just thinking it'll be a way of getting the skull out of the house tonight. That's a very fair point. We're not leaving-- I don't think that's a good idea. I think we'll get answers from Allura. That's fair. Let's let Uriel know what's happened. I've got to get home and work on a few things, anyway. I've got a broken gun. Yes, I think that would be best. We'll count it back when we're-- That's never stopped you before. Like a mother? I was just thinking that. It's a redefinition. Yes. I'm going to try and do a quick repair to my gun, also. Yes? Well-- Yes, but I think I'm more useful as myself, rather than anybody else. I think on a certain level, you're possibly making this more complicated than it needs to be. You forget you have clout. Part of the point of clout is that you spend it. You spend your clout. I know you're not used to actually having the means by which to just simply get what you want by asking for it. But you could just... ask for it. That's the most privileged thing I've ever said that you've heard. (laughter) Well, a little subterfuge. Let me-- Let me attempt to see if I can defuse this relatively easily. I will need some gold. No, but that's a very good point. So later I will be asking for some gold to help me fix my new gun. All right. Okay, we may have to have a discussion. At the very least I'm going to need 20 gold, at the very least. 20 gold, at the very least. Oh, I do. Just not for your daughter. That will do. I will take you to White Castle, though. I do; I wish to speak to the warden. Well, he will agree to be indisposed in conversation with me. I'm Percival Fredrickstein Von Musel Klossowski de Rolo III. And I'm here on the business of Whitestone. 19. Shush! Who is this person? What do you do, sir? What do you do, sir? Excellent, he's a performer. You may leave, we have no need of you. Guard, escort the commoner out of the room. Now that that's been taken care of, who is an authority that I may speak to? Cyrus Hume. I'm Percival Fredrickstein Von Musel Klossowski de Rolo III of Whitestone. It will. I am, of course, the newly appointed ambassador from Whitestone, and I have been brought down here because apparently you are holding one of my performers. A performer who is meant to be heading towards Whitestone in the next three weeks to perform for my sister. Oh, small, plain, female. (dismissive sigh) Yes, he is. He is one of the official performers-- they're supposed to be performing at the new coronation of a brand new temple in Whitestone. Much has been arranged, much has been paid for, and I don't want to explain any of this to the royal court. Casting-- no, not yet. 13. If you were to be agreeable to helping us move this along, I would remember the favor. Whitestone would remember the favor. Damages? Shush, performer. Well, sir, I appreciate your candor, I appreciate the cut of your jib, and I appreciate that you are a man of honor and of your station. It is very, very rare to find someone who respects such things. Obviously the damages must be paid-- Who are they? Do we know what happened? I don't care who started or finished it. Obviously, we will pay for the damages out of your troupe's pocket. Quite. We will write a check for our friend's pocket, but for the damages, I feel that some responsibility must be taken. He has a very fair point. What good is subterfuge when there's such an opportunity to create a ballad? Some sort of ballad about a cautionary tale. You chose so poorly. You chose so poorly. It is truly impressive how poorly you chose. You may come pick up your gold from Castle Greyskull in the morning. It will be waiting for you, of course, sir. In the meantime, here is 20 gold for your trouble. On top of the gold you will be expecting for all fines imposed. (high-pitched) One. All right, bring it. Bring it. Yes, I take it. (overly dramatic) Oh! Where are you going with this? It would make me feel better if he was thrown in prison. Great. Everything's fine. (laughter) Won't it be unfortunate when you find out I have diplomatic immunity? I blame you for this. All right. How much to get both of them out? Yeah. I'll bring it. 23. Now for the love of God, just wait until nightfall and Dimension Door out of there. You're welcome. Wait until nightfall. I assumed you wouldn't. We're already walking back. The troupe may want to get out of town for a bit, as well. I check to make sure the skull is still there. Please tell me they stole the giant painting. Damn it! No! They could have rolled it up and stuck it where the sun don't shine. Some caverns run deep. I'm going to spend some time working on the special barrel and see if I can get that up and running. 18. All right. It's locked. Nothing good ever happens to you in my workshop. It's just not a good place for you. Too many things. We're going to have to collect him before we go. I'm going to shoot off a limb. Like Batman. I suppose we'll have to put it off for a day, then. I think so. It's locked very far away right now, in a very secure room. Well, do you think it would be safer somewhere? Do you think there's something you could conjure, perhaps, around it? Or should we move it to another room? We could always send it straight away to Whitestone. But... We'd have to let someone take it to Whitestone. It could be there today. Or we could keep it in my room, or we could move it perhaps into the temple of Sarenrae? Oh. But you can run it over and run back. Wow! Oh my god. And somehow the coffee has not been poured on your head. That's the greatest magic trick I've seen all night. How are you still dry? It's witchcraft. Why don't we just let it be in the room for now-- Let's let it be in the room for now, nothing happened last night. I'm going down, I have to go get my things anyway, so I'm going to go down. Everything seems fine, doesn't it? The door is steel reinforced, lined and bolted to the wall; it's not going anywhere. This room is designed to explode. It's hidden in the room. I go into the room, I shut the door behind me. I check my hiding place. And it's untouched and perfectly reasonable. I return it to my hiding place. Which, if I have to reveal it later, I will happily tell you where it's hidden. Shut and lock the door behind me. Everything's fine. Let's find your brother. If anything strange happens, make note of it. Well, he can't, he doesn't have the key anyway. I throw ten gold at him right now, just in lieu of-- I throw ten gold. It's the very least. Let's go find your brother. 18. (puffs air) Sorry. For the love of God and all that is holy. Nine. 14 with resolve. I'm going to look for Gilmore. What! I don't know. Nine. I'm going to hold my attack for if the dragon comes towards us and I'm going to run into the-- Okay, is he taking to the air? I'm going to try as I'm running-- do I have enough time to try and take a shot? Am I going to be able to keep up with he group? Never mind. Damn it, never mind. It was a thing, wasn't it? Someone won tonight! That's so nice.