Pissblossom. It's like the Kids' Choice Awards for adults. We'll plug our other friends who are also nominated. I have never cared so much about football in my entire life as I do right now. Which is saying, I don't necessarily care a lot. But definitely-- I think he's lighting the set on fire. No announcements until I get back, I think. Zahra, it occurs to me, you come from a family with power, connections. Well, we're looking for any ally we could, and we were curious if-- I had a feeling. It just felt worth asking. Is Kashaw around by any chance, as well? Kashaw. Is Kashaw around? Yes, of course. We have to send a letter to the Slayer's Take at some point. That should happen sooner rather than later. Trying to wrangle a beast or seeing if they know of anything that's in the vicinity that we can at least feed to it in the meantime. I would hope so. To get to the next Vestige and to perhaps make some friends. The more the merrier. We have a sigil. We can teleport. This is a teleport sigil. This is not going to require his attention. So we need him, but he can do it. The worst job in Whitestone. That's an awful long time. Talk to the Slayer's Take and see what is already on the continent. No. We want to find a creature that would threaten a medium-sized city. We want to wear it down a bit before we go in for the attack. We want it to be breathing heavily. We're going to find something that's already on the continent. He will be happy to attack it. Yes. Six people cannot wage a war. We're going to send them a letter. Yes. We're going to make Kashaw take the letter. It would probably kill the dragon. I was going to find Kashaw and see if he would run the letter to the Slayer's Take and be our emissary and convince them to do this so that we're not doing everything ourselves. Literally everyone. If we could find a child in a pub who could take it. Kashaw is possibly slower than a child. Just to get rid of him, they would say yes. Strapping. The strapping age. No, they started. They are working on it now. I'd buy that. Yes, it was proposed. Well, we're going to have to if we leave the city, anyway. This is not an army. This is something for the population to do while they pass time. The dragon shows up, they're all going to die, no matter how many times they learn how to put the spear forward. And it's convincing the Slayer's Take to join. We're going to have to bring them some dragon parts. Ooh, that's very clever. We could sell tickets. Kashaw, how would you like to be anywhere else other than here right now? That's exactly the sort of enthusiasm I was hoping for. We have need of an emissary to the Slayer's Take. We need to convince them to help us kill the next dragon. She does. We are in your debt. I'll have the paper drawn up, and anything you can do to put the weight of the situation behind us and make sure they know how clear it is and how necessary this is and how desperate we are. And we'll figure out ways to make sure there's money in it for them, or at least dragon parts. Excellent. And white dragonhide. We have white scales. Mostly, I was thinking of also offering them whatever we can take from the dragon itself once it's destroyed. We keep some scales, we keep some teeth; we split it. I like this. I'm going to have it drawn up. I'm seeing this going down. I've walked away. Oh, this is going to be awful. Wow. That is cruel. First rule of Fight Club. What are the chances I would have at least a basic portable writing desk? They're not that complicated. 16th century-style. Just something to write on. Just something with paper, pen, and something to write on. It's basically a fucking clipboard. No, it was called a writing desk back then. It was called a writing desk. There's a thing. It was that big and you put it on your lap. It was a writing desk. I'm writing the letter up. I've basically gotten it together. I've explained the situation briefly. I assume they're aware of the war and the current reality. I'm getting there. In this, I'm asking for their assistance in killing a dragon. For this assistance, they will get all bounty of biological remnants of the dragon, with a small percentage of scales and teeth kept for us. Asking for 20 percent, but negotiable. We want them to supply either a local or give some intel into where we can find a beast large enough for this dragon to attack. Information that we have on this dragon so that they actually help us strategize any ways of defeating it, and any other help that they could give in defeating this creature. And as a token of our goodwill, we are sending them a small package of black and white dragon scales and a dragon tooth. There's more. For stuff. It's in the letter. Is there a way to enchant me so that I have his voice? And then he'll listen more closely? Don't answer that. There's a rider at the end of everything I send. No mention of Whitestone. Oh, the rock. That's a really good idea. No, we'll leave the rock here. I see it every time. He does. He smolders. Oh, we're leaving today. We'll get our luck back tomorrow. It came at such a high speed. I wish it came so quickly. Anyway, back to the game. How many cups are currently sitting with the teapot? Cabal's Ruin. Druhah. Thanks. Or a little water. Let's go talk to Jarett. We'll have appropriate clothing set up and prepare ourselves for the trip. In theory, we all have water skins, don't we? It would have been in a tale of a one-eyed merchant. Would they have been in the walls? Is it possible to be in the walls of Ank'Harel? We'll make waves. Well. We're going to have to get someone's attention. I am absolutely not! Let's go change, and then let's be off. I think that once we arrive, he'll find us. Or she. Can I point out that now we have to learn an entirely new lore? We've worked so hard, and now spices? Rivers, canals, fusaka! Oh god, I'd gotten everything together, and now. It takes a day to do Disneyland. We'll run into a lot of Common. Common is common for a reason. Wow! Yeah, Whitestone is not functioning. Trade them for water. You stabbed her bear while maintaining eye contact. We're changing out of the winters into the lighter clothing. It's a shame Kit's very busy, or else we could get summer clothes. Getting married or something. Okay, actually there is a solution for this. I'm going to find him a white silk and cotton, linen cloak, very simple, to throw over his armor the way the Templars used to do, so you won't cook in your bloody armor. Yes, it'll attach to the sachet. Yeah. It's just a heat sink. Well... Let's go. I'm reaching for a door handle. I'm going to stand on the carpet and will it to fly. Seems worth a shot. I do believe in fairies. I do believe in fairies. I know it; I've killed several of them. They're definitely real. I'm going to look out the window, as well. Yeah, I am. Are we on the first floor or second floor? Is that a good thing, ten-ten at halftime? That's not good? Okay. I understood all those words individually. I know those words, as well. I would pay good money to have you explain how football works to me. This is a bit awkward. Continental. We're sadly on a mission. He's respected across the continent. It's possible. Can we leave them a bit of water? Where do you keep your personal water? Where do you store your water in the house? Pour the Alchemy. The little one's for us today. The Alchemy Jug, this is where it's going. Good day. I think it's our turn. This is what a d10 is for. Hold on, one second. I think we head off to Ank'Harel. Oh. We can mist. I think it'll be fine. We're mostly water. I think it's our water. I think we end up very dehydrated at the end of it. It's okay. Now I'm moister. Was that a global warming metaphor? It's a one-camel town. I'm going to Slimer the kid. You're a terrible person! I'm still going to slime them on their way out. Scarring children for life. We're leaving them with a promise that we'll be back to finish the job. We can follow traffic. There's a traffic line, then. We'll take a late night. Once it wears off, then we'll camp. If it's only a day's travel, at some point we're going to see the city. 300 feet? I say we camp outside. We're still clouds. I'm going to de-mist. There seems to be a section where people are camping. Let's just, for once, take this by the book. We want to make sure they know we're here. No sneaking into the city. At worst, we've got the pretense of being emissaries from Emon looking for help. No. we're going to try and be truthful as much as possible, although nobody say the W word. It might just be guards. Yes, that's right. Let's camp for the evening. Yes. Where were the other people camping for the night? Well, let's camp 40 feet. Let's camp with them. I'm perfectly okay. It's not like they can come in. No one can enter who can't be invited. We're going to camp next to their campsite. We've been too used to being careful. I can re-mist. As long as the eight hours hasn't passed, we can go in and out as you please, isn't that correct? They have giant spires, yeah, and they're going to say "who are you?" and we're not going to be on the list. You've got a good eye, yes. Get close enough to the other group that they are aware that we exist, but they couldn't quite make us out, so just another group of travelers camping for the night. It's magic. It's not like they've never seen it before. We're going to mansion. It's 200am. It's time to mansion and go to sleep. Unless there's a brazenly loud group around one of the campfires. Goodnight, all. I am ready for bed. I'll go last. It'll be fine. We're going to let them know who we are and what we're doing. This is just that we have a very expensive tent. It is our very expensive tent. SAM, TALIESIN, and That'll do. 23. Yeah, 24 actually. 24! Oh, yes, of course. I thank you for your advice. We will heed it well. What is your name, sir? The strangest thing you will see this evening will be us. That could not have gone better. Everything we can do is strange magic. Be prepared that not being from around here is going to be trouble. I make my way, quietly in the night, to Grog's room. I was just kidding, sorry! I gave you a lot to think about, didn't I? Sorry. (laughs) Two ones! There is a god, and he hates you! They're going to learn. Adequate. The ploy is to be honest. This is a radical shift. We head towards the gate. We come for an audience with many people, to be honest. We are looking at many avenues of possible help. Contacts, trade, anything that can help us in our time of dire need. I didn't know that that die went that high. His face is usually not the trouble. One last question for our good friend at the gate. One more thing, good sir. If you were going to find a place to sleep comfortably, quietly, and without incident for the evening in the city, is there a place that you would recommend to a friend? Where you would put a brother-in-law that you liked? It is absolutely, yes. Let's get arrested right now! We're going to need to talk to some gentry. We're going to need to talk to a library. And I should also mention, not just a tavern is available, but we do in fact have three titled people within our crowd, so we can actually talk to people of standing and note with very little difficulty. It holds water on every continent. Only people who are not titled think it doesn't. Let's find a tavern, find some rooms. Let's go to this bazaar. Get the word out of what we're looking for. I am so fearful that he's about to try and buy meth from children. No! What about that was legit?! They were carrying fruit! Oh god. I can't. Life. MARISHA and I'm also looking for a soothsayer. Anything out of the ordinary and/or a soothsayer, card-reader, bones-reader, whatever they have that's like that. I am city-blind, apparently. I'm looking for anything out of the ordinary, but specifically, a soothsayer, a card-reader, a bones-thrower. Where did it go? Investigation? I rolled a nine. Oh, I'm terrible in urban areas. I've learned this. I get flustered. I've never rolled a decent investigation check. It has never happened. Beyond anything interesting. Everything is too interesting. A soothsayer of some kind, perhaps. It might be a good way to start getting the word out of the sorts of things we're looking for. We're looking for a cloak. We're looking for a merchant with one eye. And we're looking for rocks-- not anymore, I suppose. And those are usually the most trustworthy of the untrustworthy people you find in a city. You mind blowing a little bit of money on this? I have a song for your next playlist. I'm so excited. Yes. You're not there. Five, for the moment. He knows there's three of us. We search for a garment. We search for a man. And we search for answers towards the future that we inevitably run to. We search for a man. Well, I didn't say that far. He doesn't need that. He's fine. Oh, we search for a man. Five more. Five more. Wait, let's consult the cards. That's the third question. The cards say the Cowboys are not-- We move towards a conflict. What should we know? What should we be prepared for? That will do, yes. I feel that was money well spent. Well, we know we do not necessarily look for a man, which is important. We know that time is even more of the essence than we first implied, and considering that almost every soothsayer I've ever met is as crooked as the day is long, the word is now out that we're looking for them. We should. We should grab Scanlan. Let's maintain a certain level of plausible deniability. We're going to die. Let's get a room. How are you rolling that? It's going to be a living baby. And you still haven't. These earrings are tapped. You know that. There's hookah. I've never tried hookah before. No. This is the only thing I actually know about this continent, is that there's tobacco. It's not very private, and privacy is definitely higher on the list. I can literally only see my mother when you describe this image, by the way. (laughter) Should we put some cards on the table? We've been searching for a friend of ours, and it's been very complicated. She's got one eye. She's been around for quite a while. Are there many merchants with one eye? Yes, that sounds about right. Not an animal. Thank you. What are you smoking at the moment, by the way? It's very fragrant. The cards said our luck. Perhaps this is a good way to ignite it. We are still waiting for Scanlan to get here, and then we'll take him to the next stop. I'm going to put a gold coin on her tray. So you can keep smoking, and thank you for the time spent in our company. I'm grateful for your time. Thanks, mom. It is burned into my head. I'm cool! No, what do you mean? We're cool. Could not be happier. There's so many valuable lessons that can be learned at any moment. I think that's precisely what happened. No, we're not! (laughs) He's legitimately smarter than us. We are, by the way, walking to our next destination. Oh, I forgot we got hookah. Oh my god. Is it just tobacco? We really don't actually know. How have we not stopped this?! Those are gold coins. You're not making it rain, you're making it hail, for god's sakes. I have never hated you so much before, in my entire life. I'm having a glass of this. We've just paid a fortune for it. We are saving a bottle. May I sword it? I'm going to sword it. Oh, there's no weapon in here? Oh, we're private in the room. It's not no weapons, it's just no usage of them. I'll just pop it. (slurring) Not very good. (slurring) But if-- (slurring) You should do that again. That felt really good. I'll do it. (slurring) This is so weird. (slurring) We're good. (slurring) What do we have to do? (slurring) That's really good bile! (slurring) No, it's very good. (slurring) I don't think that it's that kind of place. (slurring) We have to move. (slurred) Percival Fredrickstein von Musel Klossowski de Rolo the third of Whitestone. (slurring) Whitestone? (slurring) What? (shushing) (slurring) Why're you talking? Just (shushes). Day drinking! Yes! I'm so happy right now. It's like Yelp. But better. I'm going to knock. (knocking) (slurring) We're fine. Can I attempt to start looking around the room to try and find anything interesting and try and be useful? Investigation? 12. Does anyone mind if I fill him in on the future of Draconia? It's going to be slightly slurry, but at this point at least I'm English again. We have the next several weeks we were going to attempt to free the populace from their new lord and master. But in order to do that we are here on a mission. We're searching for something. We're searching for a one-eyed merchant warrior, and a cloak. I've never found anyone who doesn't have a code who lived very long to tell about it. We are looking for the one-eyed merchant warrior who wears the coat of Cabal's Ruin. Mistress Asharru? We do not have, sadly, a week or so. The dragon falls in two weeks. Sadly no one else will do. Not that I want to inquire of the sort of business she's in, because that's inappropriate, but is she in the town at least? If we were to write her, could we get word to her quickly? Is there anything else you can tell me about her? I know what work she does. We need to save the world. Sadly, but true. We at the very least need her blessing. There are things that have been released upon this earth that will burn everything. And they will make their way here. Draconia is gone. Tal'Dorei is gone. All swaths of civilization have been wiped off the earth. Not like we've seen. Is there like a lighter fight that can be found? Arm wrestling or-- I don't know, what would be worse less than-- A Wok of Truth, maybe. This is really uncomfortable. I'm sitting and I'm starting to compose a letter. Flouncy. I'm going to show everybody before I hand it in. I'm going to write the truth, top to bottom, of the world is peril, we are facing a battle, and she holds or knows of an item that would turn the tide, and I wish to know its price or know its rental. I'm holding it. Before I hand it in I'm going to show. I don't feel that there is any deceit-- there is nothing I can think to say beyond the truth. We are either dealing with honest people, or we are not. I'm also putting my rank and title and letting them know that I'm willing to-- I'm willing to give away Vex. Vex is entirely up for sale. No. I'm not looking to recruit this person. I'm looking to rent or buy an object that she owns, or perhaps even trade, and we'll put 400 gold. As an offer of a meeting. LIAM and And that time is of the essence. Yes. I want to check for anything unusual, if there's anything iffy about the rooms. Oh, for the love of fucking-- No. Nine. Obviously. Yes. What? With-- not-- no! It's so rare that we're actually given an opportunity to be honest about everything. We might as well try it once, see if we like it. Good. Trinkets. Is there a magic shop? Oh god. 19. Punch and Judy box, yeah. Good day. Be pleased. I'm stocked up on eccentricities, but if you have any oddities for sale, I'd be very interested. Percival. Hello. Honestly, this is my first time in the city, and I'm trying to get a sense of what's available for sale and what sorts of things one would find in the city, so really, I'm interested in touring your stock, especially if you have anything exotic. God, we've found a hipster. Well, that's interesting. What do you call that? Interesting. May I? May I take a look at it? Thank you. Interesting. I don't know. It's quite nice, though, isn't it? Yeah. It does look a bit-- What were you hoping to unload for it? Now, see, we don't know what kind of healing potion that is, and those other two vials could have-- there is an expiration date on those things. And how long have you had it? A number of years? Well, in that case, they've probably gone stale by now. I would say 75 gold at the very best. 75 gold will not do you for that, then? For the belt, obviously. We've already established that that's in the silver range and certainly not touching the gold. 75 gold for the entire set. No, and of course that makes sense that a hundred gold for that entire set would be very fair. 100 gold. You've had it for so long. This is going to go terribly. Where's my persuasion? Ooh, that's almost a number. Oh, good. 16? 200. And an acknowledgement and compliment to your stunning hair. I'm attempting to flirt very poorly. Yes! Come on. 12. Keyleth? I feel like I should have learned some sort of lesson here. I'm just not entirely sure what it was. Hardly matters, I suppose. I'm sobering up a bit. Which we should probably do that. We do. It's 400 in the afternoon. Perfect. Wait, hold on. I have to open my Pokémon. We are, in fact, a group of ambassadors from the continent of Emon, from the cities of-- Not that one. That one. See? Listen to me. I'm not taking credit for that. This is good. This is very good. Of course. I'm laughing out loud. Trust our luck. Our luck is going. I'm walking into this. I'm walking into it. Some of us will be doing it until the end of time. Are we finishing tonight?