We're talking about the Young Avengers this next week. We just finished Wonder Woman; it was a great time. We wore tiaras and capes and talked. Matt wore the cape and I wore the tiara. It was really good. We're going to be talking about the Young Avengers which are-- You are-- Hulkling. And Iron Lad. But we're going to be talking about the teenage superheroes of the Marvel U, specifically the ones who take the Avengers name, and they're really fun and the modern take on them is really going to be influencing a lot of the stuff that ends up on TV and it's going to be a lot of fun. They're some of my favorite books; they're badass. Superman. Us. I might just start shooting there if they keep coming. Do you have any good terrain modifier something to trash them? I do. What do we have that's dead in the Bag of Holding right now? Let's just start throwing them down some things to eat and I'm going to start making some noise. Let's fly above it and I'll take a few shots and we'll just start dropping things down. I'm going to start making noise and just boom-booming. Yeah, some shots at them as I go. We'll throw some meat down there too. We can't create chemicals, can we? We could do shots. I'm just kidding. We burned through that ages ago. What are the chances I have materials for making explosives on me? No, but like just the materials, not the time to make them, but just the materials. Because one of the materials in making TNT is diatomaceous earth. And if it's micronized diatomaceous earth, that means it's actually an insecticide. Specifically for hard-shell insects. Well, it's still there, it's just been filled in. Now they can dig extra. The Etch-A-Sketch has been shaken. I told you. I'm going to steal a sip of the drink. I haven't swallowed it, I'm just going, hmm, hmm. Your house! Well done. I want to see where he's going with this. It's got a bar in the middle. That is the most Brian Blessed thing ever. You turn around three times. It's like Comic Con all over again. Did we ever discover whether or not the magic jug does coffee? Tea. Charmed. Let's not get ahead of ourselves, but thank you. You're not the first man to panic at the loss of his shackles. I hope you eventually enjoy the freedom that you've just been given from your legacy. I don't know. This is a lot. It's very impressive. Well, don't expect us to be okay with this. That's not going to happen. Yes. Well, technically... There's no more discussion until there's food and caffeine. This is madness. This is hunger talking. We need brunch. She can come to Whitestone anytime. We can make it happen. It would have been a very long cloud stride. Is it even possible to cloud stride? Plant Walk. Tree Trip. Treecycle. Leaft. Sun Tree is still doing it the first time, three years ago. My god, it's a shopping episode! I'm so excited! Just appeared out of nowhere! We're going to buy so many imaginary things, Travis. No, really, what is happening? What's this all about? It's been several years. Why you should be even vaguely surprised by this reaction is baffling to me. Excellent, carry on, keep shopping. It's a farmer's market. There's a farmer's market! I think they're all heirloom tomatoes. There's no such thing. I assume the castle's going to be doing a run of this anyway, but I want to see the trinkets. Quite impressively, actually. The Theobold festival, it's very popular. That's very impressive. The phrase 'day-drinking' has already come up today. Lionel. Is this what's happening right now? Was trying to ignore it. Now I'm failing. This is your first time being a messenger, is it? Before you were so strangely interrupted. You didn't have it, did you? Lionel. I have a feeling you're going to get confused even if we call you Lionel. It's Percival, it's a pleasure, Chod. Hello. Lionel! I'm also going to put out there that we all know we're going to go do this because we're desperate for anything to put off the inevitable goodbyes that we were heading towards. So let's distract ourselves for a little bit. We'll see. If I were to trick us, that's how I would trick us. Quite a bit of practice. 25 perception, I don't know, I'm just looking around. No. 13. No. Yes. Possibly. What is it that you want to know? Yes. I am. What is this information? You don't even need to tell me what it is, but that would be worth quite a lot, and what you knew would have to be worth quite a lot. What is this worth? Well, this leaves me with a bit of a conundrum. Traditionally, when people come either asking to see my designs or if we come across people who have been attempting to replicate them, we just simply have them executed on sight. Traditionally. Well, if I were going to do it, it would have already been done, now wouldn't it? That was a very good threat! It was definitely a strong six. Well. This meeting is only happening because we were hoping to meet our Meat Man. Dealt with. The designs of the guns are out of the question. That doesn't mean there aren't things on the table. We're sadly very protective of our copyrights, and my designs are not for reproduction. Attempts at reproducing them tend to end poorly. Many have tried; most have failed. If you wanted, perhaps, a few designed, that could have been a conversation, but so far, I'm not impressed by you. I'm quite surprised by the brazenness. What on earth made you think that we would sell these designs to you? You obviously are paying attention. That's fair. One pistol can do a quite a bit. One pistol can go far. How's giving you one of my weapons world-saving? At the very least, this is a conversation of whether or not you're ever going to do business in this city again and what that business is going to look like. Earmuffs! Earmuffs! What?! What?! No! Oh, well done, you. We were not there. Yes! No! No! I hear that and I start walking out. Now I run. You can go ahead and just say. Or you can try and intimidate us, and say something really scary, or make some noise. That's true. I'm going to start walking back to the inn, and I'm going to start pouring a lot of drinks and putting them on the table. It is set up. Yes, the skeevy asshole, that would be the one. You would say that, wouldn't you? I want to listen. What would you have done if I had just decided to open fire on you? Yes. But really. This was not a good plan. Yes. Yes. None of your business at the moment. Tell us your business. I was with you on that one. It's really not. You have advantage on wisdom saving throws. There was a comma there. That's a lot of matching robes. You tried to get me to give you my gun designs? For what? You have a gun? No, I didn't give it to him. No, we didn't. I'm going to put some pistol shot in a small bag. What's Kaylie's mother's name? What is it? I toss it to him. Dick. And I leave. For the record, it's Sybil. So are we going to see an orb in the morning? Pike, Grog, do you want a drink? Grog, I want to go find that orb. I kind of want to go work the blood out, Scanlan or not. I like Lionel. He's funny. You can have them all at once. Yes. They're not exclusive. We just went to the closest pub. He learned a lot about his employer today, I have no problem with him being here. Fruit juice, maybe? We do have hot cocoa. Hot cocoa is doable. We've done hot cocoa before. It's the orange blanket wrap. Grog. What do you think? I'm pulling gold out to pay for this. Yep. Yeah, we're sitting next to you. That doesn't belong to you. That's coming out of my coffer. You can do anything you like. Cool. Here to help. And you add five for your strength, so you got-- Grapple. That plus ten. Covered in duck butter. Roll again. Yeah, roll again, best of two. Better! Go for it! Don't think, act! Oh! Grog's ticklish! That's a 20. He's also got Brutal Critical, so that adds 2d6 to that, but we'll get to that. Roll again. Better. No, you only roll the d4 once. Pike, do you want to go deal with that? He'll be fine. I didn't say he's fine, I said he will be fine. Let's not get ahead of ourselves. There was chocolate milk on the way. Were you standing on the table when this happened? I'm so excited. We'll have another. Another round. She can take it. I'm covering, I'm covering. Sorry. There's a pile that's been growing on the table of gold for the furniture. No, I think that's done now. I think it's chocolate milk time. Maybe I drink too much. I'm not sure. This is really nice. Aes is fine, Aes is fine. No, we know. It's why we took you to a bar. He's lied to us, too. Yeah. That's the trouble, he does always have your back, until he doesn't. I get confused because of the cup. Extremely dainty. Well, you've met the couple that do. Hadn't. I'm really angry. I want to go see that bloody orb. Lionel. You're so good about this normally. I have quite a few names myself. Don't break him, please. No, no, no, don't say wait! Go on. Were these desert ducks? These must have been very interesting ducks. Nothing-- said a voice that wasn't there. Carry on. An oasis, yes. Migratory, perhaps. Aes ain't here right now. You're not the first. Boy, that's not true. But that's good. You're a fascinating creature, sir. Good man. Never mind, not disappointed. d4, you already hit. Just the d4. But you weren't raging yet. I am walking away with my chocolate milk and walking over to you guys. They're bonding. You can try. You can certainly try. Perception is 19. You're rolling with sleight of hand, so add sleight of hand to whatever you roll. Well done. Yes, and no. I have them. You can't have them. They're bonding. He's a bit adorable. I am angry, frustrated, and violent, and so I'm going to try something new and drink chocolate milk, and listen to you and do whatever it is you think is best at this point. I don't know what to do. What do we do? What do I do? Well, I'm not there yet, but I know I'm feeling emotional, and I know that's when I need to shut up and listen to you. I'm less not-okay than I thought I'd be. I'm worried about Grog. I'm very worried about Pike. I don't know what to do. Oh, that's going to hurt. And you get to re-roll that one, don't you? All right, one second. I'm going to gently walk up behind them while this is happening and I'm going to Vulcan neck pinch him with the Diplomacy. That's... Where is that? There it is. 21 to hit. It's a... I have to pull out the thing, I didn't pull this together as much as I thought I should've. It's a constitution saving throw. Which is a d20. I'm going to roll the damage really quickly. Oh wow, this is a lot of damage. I apologize. 17 points of lightning damage. Constitution saving throw now. He saves. That's a natural 20. Oh well, that didn't work. That was supposed to knock you out, and now it didn't. This thing never works properly. I really have to work on that. You can take it. You've earned it. Another gold coin goes on the table. No. I kind of like him. He's the sort of positive energy I think your family's going to need around. I understand. By the way, what you said back there, with your family, about me. That was very flattering. Doesn't mean I can't be flattered. I'm quite flattered. That was very flattering. And, you know, if things were different, I would feel the same way. If things were very different. You're quite a catch. You're quite a catch. I thought it might be fun. All right. I'm going to gather up our things and prop up the table again and leave-- How much gold would be appropriate for the damage and then some? I'm going to leave ten gold and be like, I'm so sorry, but try never not to make it worth your while and not be too horrible. Thank you for running this establishment. Have a good day. Let's go find the kids and see if we can make them feel better. We not asking him to join, while we were thinking about having you join. He's not Vox Machina material, though. Are we doing this thing? You said duty. I know. I knew you would know. Never change. I'll let Cass know. Let's talk to Pike. Let's talk to Grog. Let's see how they feel. I think they're angry and sad. Oh, is this a party line? Or they're not talking. Boy, there's a life lesson. D&D continued. Eye contact, motherfuckers. Eye contact. I did give him a bag of musket shot. It's okay. Carry on. He does actually have Commune with Ducks. It is on the page. Staring at it right now. There are ducks in Whitestone! There are ducks. We have ponds in the local park. There's a small pond in the cemetery. Yes, what do the ducks of Whitestone say? (quacking) How do the ducks know that? How did they get down there? This is an open channel. We can all hear. We're going to go see the pyramid. Tary, are you in for one more adventure before heading home? Yes. Excellent. Take your earring off, put it on silent if you ever want to fall asleep. We take ours off, I'm taking mine off now. Good night. You know, I miss this drama. This is the drama I missed. This is great. Much like you, they're a bit disappointing. Well fucking done, man! Well fucking done! Next week is what's under the blanket. That or cake. Actually, I was about to say, because he's not seen a proper battlemap, so maybe... That was amazing! Prepare for so much duck art. There's just going to be... It's going to be like a 50's study. It's going to be so much. Mallard art. I didn't know about the shirts until we showed up. That's just been in process.