Digital Liam. 1201 is the start of the next day. Midnight is still today. Sure. I could be wrong. These two new shirts. In honor of Mick Jagger. Kooky zany. Of all the hosts they've had, she certainly was the best one. I have no problem sleeping here this evening. Yes. With your dalliance. I think your penis may have more names than I do, I'm kind of horrified. Is this going to be self-dalliance or are you going to need a partner or two? I am so proud of you. I am so proud of you. There's nothing on the other side of it, is there? I can solve this really quickly. Are any of the Pyrah tribe hot? Attractive. That one over there was looking at you, I saw her wink at you earlier. You should impress her. Yeah, why not? I think that's big of you. I've got a great idea. Let's get some beer, let's take a rest, and in the morning we can go to the game room, get some dice and some paper-- It's called Meta and Dragons, we're just going to see how deep it goes. Had to get that out of my system. Weird, but sweet. Oh, it's weird. The ghost of a dinner you've already eaten, come back to haunt you. Are we really about to pretend to do Crossfit? Is that a thing that's actually about to happen? Perhaps it requires a bad Irish accent. It's a number. I'm sitting wherever there's a lounge of any kind. I'm working in the sketchbook. Working on things. We never talk anymore, do we? Mmm. Today? I don't know. I'm good. Streets will run green with revenge! Green marble, silver tiling. Sorry, carry on. Good morning. You've never heard of breakfast beer? You're supposed to churn the milk after it leaves the cow. What broom? How did that happen? I think you go first. You stole from a candlemaker? Slash candlemaker. I mean, to be fair, we did steal a carpet once. And then never gave it back. Are you honestly asking my opinion? You said what? Can you show me? What is this thing, what did you steal? What is this thing? I don't know if I approve of the metaphor, but that's-- Okay, you're not holding onto the broom anymore. Has it not occurred to you that you're not going to be able to fly? Oh, dear. I pull the arrow out of the chicken. I don't think this is-- this may be an engineering issue. I pull out my notepad and start sketching. Let me-- Tinker. Like a real hoverboard, is there a chance this one might set on fire as well? Sorry. I feel too guilty to say no to her. I'm perfectly content to let this go. She's an adult. Deep levels of arrested development, but an adult nonetheless. Where would you put it, anyway? You can't let go. Yes. I may need some money, but we'll put something together. I think you're learning to let people be people. Yes. Do they think she's the one who sabotaged the rift? It makes her the instigator, at the very least. Visually. We thought you had new information beyond that and would maybe want to add. It was certainly set up that way. It was very leading. Base? It's either that or the library, I imagine. I was just saying that it's either that or the library. From Westruun. So let's make our way to Westruun, I suppose, then. We have a thing for that. Can I borrow your hat? If you don't want to have an immediate confrontation with your family, there's no particular reason why they have to know you're alive yet at all. You were giving off the impression of one who is looking forward to putting something off. You were. You're not anymore, as if you've been dared, somehow. Are there more people in your herd or fingers on your hand? He's counting hands, not fingers. We could attempt to steal them. At the very least, let's make our way to Westruun, then. Let's get that far and see what's-- All trees look the same, don't they? Say it. All trees look the same. Yeah! I remember that! It's so super freaky. I'm sorry, do you want to design this? Are you sure? You're welcome to design this, it's just going to be much more expensive. Those clouds look like half-elves! 18. This is where the offerings are made. 18. Just vape at each other. You're the only two that have noticed. I float on over to this. All right, going down. I'll solidify on the ground. I'm going down, too. Well, we've landed. 31. You don't know we're here anymore. Or they might just send more guards, once they know that one's been killed, and then kill everybody involved. We can't do anything for them right now until we actually know what's happening. Maybe he knows what's going on. In the interest of the internet, we should probably do stage whispers. Who's in charge? No daughters right now. Who's in charge? Let's go to the city then, I suppose. Yes? I'm going to draw her a little sketch of something that would spring, that you can make out of wood. And now. Now! Before we go any further, what do I roll if I want to find out if Horace really does like surprises? I'm not kidding. No, I'm just watching. 43. I could fire my gun, at this point, and they'd be like, oh, rain's coming. Well, if it was Bad News, yeah. I honestly don't think they're going to find him, anyway. Leave a couple of his human teeth that he's collected-- I think we're going to go take a look. We can also still turn into mist. Be fast and stealthy. I may join you two for this as well. Not crazy-ish. Cock goblin. 33. Doric columns, oh my god! Awful! Tacky! This is making me feel very old. The mansion seems to be where they've based their operations, though. Where's the prison I was being held in? (laughs) (imitates Laura) Yeah! Maybe stealth isn't-- maybe Grog's right-- we can't talk, can we? 26. I think it is. You ruin everything good! You take everything good away from all of us! Throw it into acid, why don't you?! Witchcraft! (singing) Never known a gnome like you before! Oh boy. Oh, that went up my nose! You're literally just scared of your hands. Yes. I wouldn't. I'll also say I think it's more than likely that, in the end, I doubt the dragons would care who is filling the sacrificial plate. As long as the plate's full. Grog. Grog would bring Kevdak out. We know. We're going to go get some reinforcements. Feeling the pressure now? Feel it? Well, next week we do the sphinx, and then the week after.