Yeah. It's like our very own This American Life episode. -I'm so excited. - Loot! - I was with you. - Yeah, it was definitely worth it. Yeah, it was worth it. I just imagine like light slapping in the face just eight times. Pow, hit point, hit point. Once the lair is safe, I want to get in and start examining it. - I am moving towards it. Oh, good. This is-- this is a face I would like to see. To break the awkward briefly, dear. Wait! Yeah. Now that-- now that we've sent the word, maybe now-- (indistinct talking) The conversation's underground. Are there-- are there any soldiers running around by the way? Right now, any of our people? I'm gonna fire a couple of times into the air just to get some attention and just, "Spread the word, Thordak has fallen! Spread the word!" Now, we can go down. I don't speak that. Wow. That's the end of his turn. Fair. No. Yes. Angry T-Rex. This is the best thing ever. And I'm not calling this a failure. I'm not calling this a failure. - We bought time. - What? Two dragons! It's a Critical Role sticker. - Vinyl sticker. She downright ran. I'll miss you. (laughter) I think it's probably-- well-- Wow, that would be-- - Try and clear my guns in the hopes that they're actually gonna work. So proficiency? Whoa, there you go. Are we calling this a short rest? Is that what's happening right now? Are we having, like, some sort of spontaneous short rest? Oh, my God. Yeah, you know, we just fought two dragons, they can handle this. It's a shake weight, it's a shake weight, (laughing) It can't stop moving. I would hope so. Ironically, there are two gold coins inside. (laughing) Oh, boy. Did you find anything useful? I'm gonna start wandering into this mess. This is exciting. I'm so excited. Idiocy. No, they would have just put them into the rock. So excited. I don't think I would have the guts to do it. I think--'cause I would know, I would not have the guts. Smoke 'em if you got 'em. Only Travis, Travis is the only one. No, don't look at the screen, don't look at the screen. That's not gonna make anyone feel better. (cross talk) It's a centerfold. Please don't decimate the antiquities. Is it a strength or dex weapon? Ah. But really. It's a meal. (cross talk) Twenty three. No, no, no, no. No, oh, he looks-- They can make a lot of things. They can make a lot of bad things. If I recall, it doesn't take much. I was going to say let's put it somewhere where no one will ever find it, but that will be fine for now. Wow. Ah! I'm with you. - Healing up, fixing my guns, and then sort of trying to navigate some of this crazy in here and then eventually looking around the cavern to see if there's anything. I've got 102. I legitimately think this is the one she tried to replace the one we stole. It's her other carpet. - Well, she should only ever needs one, we just keep taking it. That's a very useful find. - And with that, yeah, I'd love to take a look around the room, see if anything captures my eye. I'm gonna run on up there and get a vantage point 'cause I still have some spider walk-- I can't pretend, -I can't pretend that that's-- - Why am I even bothering? Six. Now we'll, we'll take a tithing for ourselves to help rebuild and then everything we're gonna have to post guards and someone is gonna have to take charge of all this, put it to a use rebuilding the city, make sure that the antiquities get back to the proper owners and that the money is used to just rebuild everything. I think they're probably not gonna get their money back, but they're at least gonna get their-- No, this is, we are taking our tithing. You know taking it, we have work that needs to be done. We're going to be rebuilding. We need gems and platinum. Let's not take anything that isn't gems and platinum and let's not take a ton of it. A few of those would be good. We did burn a bunch of them for this. I think I would actually honestly say at least 1,000 platinum in general just for general use for the group. - And then ten of each gem that we can find. That seems reasonable. We're also gonna need to put somebody in charge of all this. Oh, we know you have things to do. And you did come here, so. I'm just gonna put 500 gold pieces. 500 gold pieces. We're going to have to seal this cave for now. The city is secured, the city is about to become a riot once they finish getting -everything out of here. - That's the deal they made. This is not our loot we just looted. I think we're going to keep an enemy out of them is really more likely. I don't know if they'll take everything, actually. That's true. I'm so proud of you right now. Oh my God. I'm so sorry, -but I'm so proud. - How are you the cruelest human I've ever--oh, my. That's amazing. We can give them the deck. I would honestly say, and I cannot believe that I'm agreeing to this, but I think just if we run into them, we let them know that the dragon's dead and that's where it is. They're not gonna bankrupt the city, it's not in their best interests. They're gonna take a look at it and they're gonna get what they can carry. We turned over the city to a bunch of thieves, they've basically been running the place for the past few months. There's not really any military. Can they? That would be better. Far more stories of treasures being looted by foreigners. We have a hand. Let's crawl upstairs. Let's keep some people on this, Kima, and we'll crawl upstairs. That's crock, that's-- yeah, I know. I'm gonna grab the bag of colding and take samples of the dragon eggs that we cracked, the fluid, the bodies, like I'll put the whole thing in there. We need that. She's exhausted still, I would assume. And she's probably been running. Yes. We can say Whitestone now, yes. - Back in Whitestone as well. - It was like a month ago. - Can I make a lore roll for Booky McBookerson? Natural twenty. (cheering) That's a 29. You're just gonna hand me your notebook and I can just read. - Knew there was one in there somewhere. I was about to say, no, we're going to the library. Use these places or they disappear. Well, we need to, in theory, find the last resting place of Opash. Can't be harder than killing a Red Dragon. We can do that back at Whitestone. I love the notion of cornfield Raven Queen worship. Ohh, I'm damned for that. (laughing) The harvest is good this year. We have two very clean paths. Maybe she's been studying a lot of things, but one of them would probably be how to resurrect a red dragon. What's on your face? What's a child? (laughing) Like a Warner Brothers cartoon. - Another threat we need to deal with at some point. We have to go back anyway. - We do, we have many things. If anything else, the next order of business is to make a list. I'm not actually going to build a list, we're just gonna make-- I think it'll be a base of operations, that's what I would do. If I thought that I was going to be safe somewhere, I would stay there and simply hunt out, much as we did with Whitestone. Safe until it's not. She's been beaten pretty badly. - We could go home. - Are you gonna be rebuilding your shop here or are we gonna see you in Whitestone as well? We did, we came in. -Stopped by the ruins. - We have a tree at the keep. - No. Compensation. - It's night somewhere. Yes, let's head to the castle. ♪ - Let's give him a tour. We let him say that. - But it's a victory. -We've had a good day. - You fit right in here. - Have a bit a of drink, we're going to rest, and then-- Did Vex just do that? - No, everything's--we can stand down at this point. It's time for everything to rest briefly. - We do need to wake Allura. What are you trying to imply? - I know, I know, you owe me--I owe one. I am going to walk right up to her, give her a big hug. I am going to be owed for much more than that, I'm well aware. It's good to be home. We're spying, we're spying. What? - We have met the enemy, oh my god. - He is the one that knocks. (laughing) (crosstalk) Wow! - I can't--what? - You know you're getting weirder. (laughing) I would agree, although, again, I'm in a bath at the moment... Cut to it, I think, I was really working on something. (laughing) I'd hope so. ♪ Me as well, I-- I like this family, I'd like to keep it. ♪ I was so hoping you were gonna do that. They're big bathtubs! - I love you, that was wonderful. She was just tickling on the back of my knee the entire time. Literally-- we are actually bathing in them, ironically. In the water flow. I will leave that to peoples' imaginations. ...while that was happening. Let me remind you of that. One of my Brit friends-- actually, were you at that breakfast at Comic Con where we went to the pub and he said, Do you have any breakfast beer? What do you have on the breakfast beer menu? I think it's on the list, but we have a list, we can slow down a bit. Island of Opash. -Nothing is north-- - On the side of the road. We have a demon. No. - He does not get to come back next week. I have a bit of... I have a bit of work to do around the house, so to speak. There's a few matters that have to be tended to here that we should at least get up and started, but... - ...nothing's urgent. It's the top of the list, but it's not something that's going to be solved tomorrow. It's not something that's necessarily going to bite us tomorrow. I think it's going to bite us, honestly-- if we left it alone, I think we would be reaping the damage of it in six months. The island that Opash was banished to, that is. They will probably be in ... we'll check. Just think if we had some device that would make it searchable... It's in Tolkien's Spirit Guide. I wonder if a red dragon had been living there. He would've certainly encouraged it, though. One day we're going to meet a lava door. Three times, you say it three times. Or transfers her consciousness into the dragon's body, reanimates an undead red dragon. ...create some unholy monster. - I think she's attempting-- It also might mean that we would be discovered. But we'll get an idea of where to go. - You went where mold feared to tread. Yes, yes! Ladies and gentlemen, Burning Man, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Burning Man. I remember this. After! (yelling) No! That was the most Brian Blessed fuck I've ever... It was amazing. (laughter continues) Hard, isn't it? If we had--if we had a dragon with us, I'd say yes. She would know that we were there-- And if we go there... If--if we were to go right now, I would almost recommend that Scanlan and Keyleth stay behind because they would be nothing but targets. Which is why we shouldn't go, because if we go, it is... the four of us. And if we wait a day? It's six--it's at least six, seven, eight of us-- however many was can bring, but every magic user right now is-- - That's a bit... It's-- Go tomorrow. There might be a lair. I think we--honestly, I think that we-- I think if we go right now, we win, and at least one of us dies. And if we go tomorrow, we're probably going to win, and probably most of us are going to survive. I think she might be scrounging, but I think if she's scrounging, that's a lot to look through. I think that she thinks she's safe. I say that we take eight hours' sleep, and we go there immediately. It will have only been ten hours at best by the time we get there. She'll sense it. She may not--it's possible she may not even rest. She might just be so angry that she's-- Let's not let that happen. She--we may interrupt her mid-slumber. Or she might. Which, if she does have it, she's already taken them. It's the morning, we sleep through the day, we go tonight. I think that's the way to go. - We sleep, we go tonight. She may spend all of today going through those books, and then sleep tonight. You can go. - Then sleep. But if we go right now, you're going to die. Who's very good at becoming a target. One day you may be a bro. I think we've all learned something tonight.