Shouldn't you just go caw? We have two very important questions. Well, this is good. We have to find out what that was, and we have to see if he'll finally give us some of that ale, I think are the two most important things. Okay, this is what's important. I think this seems like the sort of job we'd want to take. LAURA, As I think you are all aware. And since we are about to risk our lives... Yes! Happily. 14. Inspiration dice are d8? The ale is that good. To a contract. To risking our lives. For money. We're as surprised as anybody. Which is why we're gonna take a proper nap. I think we should go buy some potions and take a nap. And stock up on some potions. Hieris, you've been so helpful. At least it means he's regular. All right. We're gonna try it again, except we're gonna watch this time. It'll be fun. Stay regular. The fact that you just checked your inventory for that worries me. We have time, we might as well. I figure we do that after. Can I assist on that? It's a 10. If you rolled a one, there's nothing I can do anyway. Did you actually try to walk up? Perhaps you should, before you do anything. Just try and walk up. We've been middling. Of course, sir, we completely understand if you're not up to such a challenge. It makes perfect sense, and we'll be more than happy to go and buy some wares somewhere else if this is too much for you. Yes, let's go buy some potions. Classy. Healing potions. You're tearing the party apart. We were just there. We're in the market for some healing potions to start with. This is why you buy medium healing potions. You did it right. Two moderates. Greater. Two for me as well. It's an abacus, God, abacus! Ooh, I should build some interesting arrows. I say, you're one of the most charming people we've met so far down here. We're gonna go sleep. And I'd love to do a crafting roll right before I go to sleep just to put together a little thing. I'd like to try and build a bolo arrow, a trapping arrow. Not a super complicated thing, but, you know, I've gotta-- What am I rolling with my Tinker's Kit? I've never done this before. Intellect modifier? And I'm spending my bonus die as well. Thank God, because I rolled really badly. 10. I'm gonna have to try again later. Okay, that's fine. It's on the list. That was a terrible roll. Out with this system, new dice. Let's go plunder some mines. Looks like Italy. That's where we're going. 15 arcana check. I just wanna see if there's anything familiar about the markings, if I can identify any signs of something mystical that's come through here. Oh, well, alright. Oh, wow! They are staring at their own footprints on the ground. Following around in a circle. We're good with down. Guys. We're on an elevator. I'm on an elevator with a bear. Thank you. It's a mine canary. Yeah. I'm having a serious Tom Sawyer island vibe. Percy was the third child of seven children, born to a noble family who lived far to the north in the ancient castle of Whitestone. With so many siblings to share the burdens of lordship, Percy turned his attention to the sciences, engineering, and naturalism. One day, a mysterious couple named Lord and Lady Briarwood came to court. During a feast held in their honor, the Briarwoods violently took control of the castle, killing or imprisoning everyone who would stand in their way. Percy awoke chained in the dungeon, only to be freed by his younger sister. Together they fled, chased by the Briarwoods' men. As they ran, Percy's sister took several arrows to the chest and fell. Percy kept running, eventually jumping into a freezing river and floating unconscious to freedom. He did not remember waking up on a fishing boat. He barely remembered the next two years, as he slowly made his way as far south as possible. Then one night, Percy had a dream. A roaring cloud of smoke offered him vengeance against those who destroyed his family. When he awoke, Percy began to design his first gun. (gun cocking) (gun firing) A cave bear. How did you do that? Damn it. Ah, 17. That hits. I'm going to use a gunslinger's dodge. Wait, let's see if I can do this. It's not enough, nevermind, so no. I just gotta take it. Oh, okay. Ow. Ah, not horrible. 17. Mm. Up to 58, let me just fix that, there we go. Okay, where am I on the board? Okay, so there's no getting away. I'm gonna-- I can basically without-- I remember I'm not supposed to look at these things. I know where this thing is. I can pull my gun and just take a shot, right? How much? I'm just disadvantage? Well okay, that's fine. I'm gonna spend a grit point for a deadshot, so I'm gonna get a plus one to hit. Aha! That will be a-- with the plus one, that's a 28, 29, 30 to hit. That's still 25 to hit. 26, actually. And then I get extra damage because I did deadshot. So that's plus one, so that will be a-- it's a 2d8 plus five plus ice, because I'm hitting with my ice shot. And that's seven, eight, nine, 10, 11, 12. 14 points of ice damage. And then I have a second shot and I'm just gonna take one more shot at him really quick. I fail. In fact, my gun jams. (group groans) Since I can't move, I'm gonna-- my movement, my minor is gonna be just fixing my-- yeah, so. Yeah. Damn. Don't think about what's the worst that could possibly happen. It's 11. Ooh. 25. Yes. Oh, what a good idea. What dice do I get? A d8? All right. Excellent. I'm gonna take one of my two actions to clear my gun. Clear the jam. And then set up for a fire shot. And I'm gonna take a fire shot. Am I at a disadvantage? (tinny electronic music) I'm shooting our friend over there. I've just sort of turned, and I'm firing. I'm averting my gaze, but I know where it is. Okay. 14 with the disadvantage. Oh oh, actually-- 17. Well done, well done, ha ha! So, that's gonna do-- ba-bumpa-bum. That's 17 fire damage, 17 fire damage. I'm going to step back to-- bring me back two to three steps, just like, back away. Yeah. Just like, here. I'm not stepping on the snail. How does one grapple as a bear? It is a strength check, I guess. Have you noticed there's a rhinoceros in here? We're just waiting for you to scream, "It's morphin time!" It's morphing time! Bear! There once was a player-- I'm sure it was a wonderful thought. Thank you. Yeah. Taking my shot, I'm averting my eyes, so. 24 to hit. At the disadvantage. That's 1d8 plus five. That's, ugh, that's terrible. That's six points of damage. I'm taking my second shot. I rolled twice. So I rolled a 19 and a 20, which means-- Just point, nyah, nyah! So I'm also gonna spend my die. That's, uh... five, six, seven, eight, that's 11 points of damage. 11 points of damage from the second one. It's just 1d8 becomes 2d8, right? Yeah that's-- yeah. Yep. We have running water. Use running water. Never attack the bedding before you know the thread count. God. I'm going to start crawling around the-- I have a little thingy. Someone took the thingy. Oh, laser pointer. Thank you. I'm gonna start heading down this direction, and I'm going to actually spend a movement, spend my action and move a little further down, about, yeah, about there, so I can start getting a good look of what's up. That's kinda harsh. She's got waterbreathing, so. That always goes really well. There's nowhere for him to retch from. Well this, this ends poorly. Good roll. Someone needs a Juggernaut helmet. Yeah, he needs the full Magneto. Around the bear. Brain lover, brain lover. Lobey. We're gonna name him Lobey. "Lobey, no!" Take him everywhere. Our little Lobey. Jeff Lobey. Jeff Lobey, thank you. You killed Jeff Lobey! Oondercommon. You can't inspire a cantaloupe. The cantaloupe, it's not gonna feel better about itself. I've tried insulting a cantaloupe, you just don't get anywhere. Laser. I'm going to take my laser. All right, I want to crawl forward to the other side of Grog over there, so I can see this little jerk. I ignore cover. It's one of my magical things that I do. Yeah, I ignore half or three-quarters cover. Okay, I ignore it. I'm also going to take a penalty to my attack bonus to attempt to do some damage and to not kill, but injure, if possible. I wanna leave one for questioning. Yeah. All right, so you're gonna aim in a way that doesn't do lethal damage. Go for it. Just my penalty for extra damage. Aha! I crit! So that's fun. Let's roll damage. 9, 10, that's 25 points of damage. That's my turn. That's-- we got one. We got one. Yeah, that's the dead one. He's dead. That's the one we shot. Dispel the stank. Hey!