Yes, no, as I realized as I came out of the haze of Portland, I'm the new voice of Crazy Dave in Plants vs. Zombies Garden Warfare. (cheering) Thank you. (incoherent grumbling) You really don't like the hair, do you? I went fishing for that one, that was nice. One scotch to bind them all together. Well, we're only going for a day. We could also leave word for where we're going. Or, god forbid, if something happens to us, they know where to retrieve our bodies. I didn't catch that. Let's head to the Loch. That's what I would assume, is there must be some sort of underground structure, some part of the ruins. We have robbed cadavers. We're running out of good names, aren't we? We've finally gotten to the end of your list of good names. It doesn't matter if it's going to be daylight if we're underground. I'm actually hoping that it's the worst decision we make, because then everything's uphill. Thank you. I'm just trying to bring-- Better double-check that. Any remnants of ruins around the loch? 25. I'm going to put some pressure on the ice with my foot. Is it giving, or is it not giving? No, I'm walking. I'm just testing the ice. I'm going to take my mask and put it on, and use the glass to create a clear view into the water. Thank you. 50 to 60 feet deep. Give or take. About 30 to 50 feet. Oh, that's a perfect idea. We can at least start setting up in the meantime. Congratulations. That's good to know. That's what tails are for. We can unblock some of the blocked entrances. That's what we're going to have to do, is unblock the blocked entrance. It's getting weird tonight. I'm good. Wake me up when you're done with your shift. A bear basket. Hello. Yes? No, I'm pleased for the distraction, honestly. I feel-- (sighs) I don't hear anything anymore, if that's what you're asking. I think-- I think all I'm manifesting at this point is scars. Honestly, I feel a little lost now. I'm really not entirely sure what I'm doing with myself. Thank you. I know. I've been thinking, a lot, about why we're together and what we're doing. And the conclusion that I've been coming to so far (sighs) and Pike being the exception to this rule, as she's the exception to so many things, is I think we're very broken people, but I think together, we are far greater than the sum of our parts. I like who we are together, and I think that's important. And I like the influence that everyone has on each other, and this includes, perhaps, you taking some strides with yourself. (sighs) It's good to want things. It's very, very good to want things. It's also very, very good to have things. It's good to-- it's good to find the things that are important to you and move towards them. I'm in a place where I'm realizing that I have to make decisions about what's important, and I'm a little envious that you seem to be ahead of the curve on that. I know. Never. And I apologize for any of the mistakes I've made, and honestly any of the mistakes I'm likely to make, but I am starting to imagine a better version of myself. I'm not quite sure who that is yet, but there is a destiny, I think, for us all together. We've been given mighty deeds to accomplish. We will rise. Or if we fail, no one will ever know. (chuckles) 17. I pull out Bad News and I'm just going to try and use the scope to trail. It's very pretty, I don't understand what-- Was I? I don't think I was there. All right, I'm out. (snorts awake) Rickshaw, rickshaw-- (snores) (mutters incomprehensibly) (laughter) (mumbles) Something rhymes with world. I've been breathing on them. And that's canon, folks. I would actually say breathe underwater would be the safer bet in case something happens. If we have to escape, we don't want to necessarily rely on your consciousness. Yes, they're like, oh look, fish, I'm not going to eat that. I'm so bored of it. Could you build an ice tunnel, perhaps? Take some of the ice and actually structure a-- But there is frozen-- we could take the existing ice and create-- You can control water. Can you control the water in the mud? Okay. Okay, I was just throwing it out there. I'm going to try to grab the rope. Ugh. That's a 12. Since we have Bigby's Hand, why don't we use it to-- Wow, that's your wisdom modifier. Holy cow. That's awful. That's amazing. I've never seen anything like it. Let's go. I think we can risk it for now. Smash. Are we Death Star chickens? What's happening? 32. Staying center. Let's all go down into the spiral staircase. You've milked a lot of snails, and you've never seen anything like this. I think we want to head down. Down is the way to go. That's a disadvantage roll. We get two tries each. It'll be great. (laughter) I have a sword. It's a very nice sword that I care about quite a bit. I'm in the middle of this. Or into the hole. Maybe it goes further down. Oh, I read bullshit. I'm going to hop over to where the doors are. 13. 14. Is it? Yeah. That's awesome. Yeah, you have an initiative number. 12. No! Not cool. That's 19. It is the burrito supreme of creatures. It comes with everything! There's a fuck-you beam too, there's like literally a fuck-you beam That's really good. Oh boy! First thing I'm going to do-- So it took its reaction, so does that mean if I run around it it can't take an attack of opportunity on me or is-- I'm going to try and run past it, full speed, yeah. Okay, that will do. I'm going to-- What's the smart play here? Yeah, sorry, I'm going to cast Hex on the little fish creature. I know that sounds odd, but that's what I'm doing. That's fine. I'm going to take a trick shot at the beholder. So I'm going to shoot for the head, that tends to go well. Oh, thank god. No, that's going to miss. That's a 15. All right, I'm going to take another shot. Same thing. Headshot. That's a little better. 20 20 hits, so that's-- God damn it, I'm rolling really poorly. That's eight points of piercing damage. Plus he has to make a constitution save. Or, if he missed his constitution save, that means he's disadvantage on attacks until the end of his turn. Okay. That's-- Good fucking god! Then just, I suppose, with my last attack I'm going to shoot that fish person, just 'cause we should really clear the board. That's better! 20-- 31. (blows raspberry) Eight. I'm going to take the hit. It's going to shoot at me, isn't it? She may not be dead. She may just be really, really wet and broken. I hate beholders so much. She's possibly still falling, it could be a really deep hole. Doing so much math. Wow. Make a sandbag. He's reading 'Blindness' right now. What? God, you even make that sound weird. First I'm going to deal with this fucker in front of me, so I'm just going to pull out my sword and slash him and stab him and see what happens. It's a one-handed sword. That's 19 to hit? All right, and that's ten points of damage? Sorry. I don't speak Fish. (laughter) So, my other question is, my attempt to cast a spell while in the cone-- does that cancel out that spell so I can't cast it anymore? I'm going to make a run for cover towards the-- where's the laser pointer? Run that way. There. Am I still in its-- Okay, and while I'm running I'm going to take a shot, I'm going to pull out the big gun and take a shot with the big gun. And I'm going to attempt to make this a legs/wing hit, and I'm going to try and knock him down. Oh, shit, okay, that's fair. No they're not. That's very fair. In that case, I'm going to just do a sharpshooter shot and see how this goes. Roll well. And I have inspiration, which I'm going to add to that. So that's-- That's 18 to hit? Thank you! That's very useful. Where's my other d12? Why do I never have any d12s? There they are. Nine, ten, 11, 12-- That's 28 points of damage. And reload, and that's the end of my turn. "Okay! Not dead!" It just feels really uncomfortable. It's been a while, hasn't it? Does Grog travel with it, since he's hanging from the chain? No, you're fine. Ooh, so you get another strength bonus. You bump up one. He's not down! But he's looking pretty rough. (laughter) Okay! I'm going to circle around the side of the wall. Just buck myself against the wall. I'm going to take a couple shots with Bad News. For a first shot, I'm going to be doing-- ah, fuck it, let's take a sharpshooter shot. Let's see what happens. That's 18, 19, 20, 23, 24, that hits. 25. So that does 11, 21 points of damage? Reload. Firing again. Also another sharpshooter shot. 23? That's better. That's-- oh, wow. So that's 36 points of damage. Using my Action Surge. Reloading. Another Sharpshooter shot. That hits! That's the same, I have 13 for-- yeah, that hits. Six, seven, eight, nine, ten, that's 26 points of damage. I reload one last time and I am going to try and hide behind that column right over there. Big money, no whammies. Trinket, with me, if you wouldn't mind. And we're going to walk up to the altar and push the sarcophagus open. I'm going to-- Very gently, I'm removing the leather armor from the body. I'm going to use one of my re-reroll a saving throw. That can almost buy a book. 21. Oh shit. Running over. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. I take out three of my shards of residuum, and I place them in where the crystals are as an extra offering. I can use my rerolls as well, correct? I can't use my-- Six. Yes. And your brother. Yes. Yes, everyone. Everyone that we could save. Whitestone would be honored. We still have the Fire Ashari. Yes. We haven't had a near-death in ages! I am so sorry! I am so sorry! Oh god. Never sleep again!