I did. Hi, sorry. For those of you on Twitter, you now know what I was just doing. Yes, I'm going to be at Oni Con. I'm flying to Oni Con in Galveston, Texas at 630 tomorrow morning. Yay. Huzzah. So you can see me at Galveston, Texas between now and Sunday. I'll be there. I'll be rolling around. I'll be a little jetlagged. It'll be great. I do know Sam got Purpleheart. Since he's not here, we can show it. I am Quentin Quire, Kid Omega of the X-Men, for those of you who read way too much X-Men, so this is my throw-together, because he has a mohawk and so few people do. The way you're putting that is a lot worse than actually-- I feel this is a little one-sided. Four. Yes. Doctor Ripley. Professor Anders. I agree. Those eyes make you look far more sarcastic than you normally do. (shouting) Argh, god! (laughter) I don't entirely know. Where to begin? It felt-- it didn't feel like a surprise. I don't know. It didn't feel good. I was hoping it would. I think I wanted him to recognize me. Kerrion. I don't know. I was hoping it would feel better. A few years ago, I had a dream. I had a very intense dream, and in this dream, something asked me if I wanted revenge. If I wanted the means to have revenge. And all I would have to do in return is offer up the souls of those I took. It was a dream! It was just a dream. I woke up in the morning with an idea, and I built that idea. I thought it was prophetic, and lately I've been feeling a bit of strain, and recalling it, but it was just a dream! It's not the first time I felt inspired in my life. I just-- it wasn't real. (sighs) Maybe a year. I was fuzzy at first; I wasn't really me anymore. I was a fisherman for a while. I didn't do anything. This was something to do with myself; this was something to work towards. I don't. I don't know. I've never thought about it. It didn't matter. I don't know what to do. (sighs) When I started this, I talked to a man, at one point. He was the captain of one of the vessels I was on. I told him what I intended to do, and I showed him what I was building. And he said that if I really wanted revenge, if revenge was what I was after, that there would be no stopping it. And there would be casualties along the way, and I would have to give up things, and I would have to hurt people. And that was the price, so that last barrel is because it's not just five names; I know I'm going to have to keep hurting people and that this thing existing is just going to keep hurting people. It's the knowledge that it never ends. It's because I haven't just killed five people. I've killed a lot of people on my way here. I've killed them with you. And it's to remind me that this is what I've chosen. And I have tried to. And I certainly have reason for these five names. They are not good people. These are not people who should be allowed to live. I was hoping that once I'd finished serving revenge that perhaps I could serve repentance. I no longer feel in control. I no longer trust myself. I wouldn't expect you to trust me. But I trust you. Dice plus what? For which? Persuasion and deception? Persuasion, six. Deception, two. No. I'm afraid I'm going to disappoint you. I trust that you are all here in the service of justice and maybe friendship. But I'm not. I'm here for revenge. And as much as I would like to believe otherwise, I know that's not true. And I think I need people here who are not here for revenge. I don't know how to stop this. No one does anything purely for one reason. And I could justify it, but I'd be lying. I want to hurt them. I want them to know it's me. I want them to feel remorse for what they have done. I want them to pay, and if this thing is real, if this is really what is happening now, I hope that wherever they go, they suffer forever and beyond. And I'm so grateful there is justice to be found in it, but it is not justice that I am motivated by. And I couldn't pretend it would be. I am so grateful there is justice in this. But even if there wasn't, I would still be here. I've never had to think of this before. I think if we get out of this, either I'm going to need you to save me or finish me. If it comes to it. Well, I do want to save this city. Oh god, I hadn't even noticed. So sorry. I will say it did get out of hand. And if I had known then what I know now, I would hope that you would restrain me in those moments where I seem to be going further than I should. Knock me out and take me to a temple. I didn't know it was going to disappear, to be fair. I thought that maybe I could stop what was happening to me. I panicked. Yes. If I start to turn against you. If you think for a moment that I am out of control. Please, please, do what is necessary. The moment that I turn on any of you, the moment that I even threaten any of you is a moment I am not in control. No matter what is happening. Especially with the cough, thank you. I barely sl-- I don't, I-- There's still two more lords in the city. And there is the castle. They know we're here now. Good idea. Have we been to the Alcove yet? We haven't been to the Alcove or the barracks yet. The barracks are right against the castle, though. Yeah, with Keeper Yennen. The barracks will be our last stop, I believe. Just because it's outside the city proper and it's up the hill. We might be able to stay at the Alcove, which is a magic shop that used to be in town. I know the proprietor, or I did, if he's still alive. It was a magic shop, right? An arcane boutique. We could get an early start once the light hits. All right. No, that's fine. Actually, can you move the Wyrmwood box, because all I'm-- We're sporking. Breaking in the new box. Dice in a box, yeah. 18. I'm an 18. It's as if the gods defy you. 22. I have really good initiative. I'll go first. I'm going to try and break grapple, obviously, since that's what I have to do. It's still at home. Acrobatics! 28! So that's my action, but if I now spend an action surge, I can get an action? Do I get three attacks with the sword I just picked up? Since I'm too close to use my gun right now? I'm going to draw the rapier that I just picked and start stabbing at the terrible thing, all the while screaming. (screams) The butt flap of my soul is down. I'm well-dressed at the moment. Yes, so I get a negative two to attack. So I get a plus one to attack, on top of my-- Minus one, not minus two. Got it. That's 25. That's a one. Misses. And that's a 14. Dex, thank you! So that's 1d8 plus dex. That's a nine. (yells) (yells) Don't sound so upset about it. Like a Rhinestone cowboy. Wow! I want to tickle you. See what happens. It's never going to stop being funny. There will be a pajama night for Christmas. The 20 hits. The 15 does not. 19 hits. Against the wall. Is it true that we can't kill it except with sunlight? I'm going to hack at his neck with my sword a couple of times. 28. 22. 22. Ten points, 15 points. Ten points. I'll back away from it. That does not hit. I'm going to really quickly also do a second wind. I think we should probably just kill it. Urine flying everywhere. Let's have a full rest. They don't know where we are yet. We killed everybody. Can we tunnel our way to the tree? I'm agreeing with the women because I want to live to see the morning. And all the wine we stole. We stole a lot of wine. And try and relax? Wisdom saving or just wisdom? Eight. MARISHA and Fuck you, Matt. Am I still coughing? That mustache is getting very iffy. I have a very low wisdom, and I rolled really badly. Why don't we Seem all of us so we can go take a look around while you talk to-- And we have the earpieces. I have one now. I have the Hat of Disguise on underneath, just so even if it drops, I'm still not me. Where should we meet? We've got the earrings, so once we find a place, we'll let you know. If everything goes wrong, we meet back here in two hours. Otherwise, check in every 30 minutes. Do we need a code word? No, the four of us are sticking together, I thought. Trinket the donkey. We'll go to the Alcove. He can only tell them what we look like if he's a very clever artist. What part of town is the Alcove? Was it the north, the east, or the west manor? Eastern manor. Yes, we're looking to buy a few things, and we were wondering-- actually, I used to do business with Simon. Is Simon around? He was called away on a special project? What sort of special project? He lives at the castle? Oh. We're actually looking for something a bit more complicated and a little more dangerous. I don't know what that is. Let me show you. And I'm going to walk over to the wall, find a dusty wall, and I'm going to trace the symbol on the wall. I'm going to wipe it away. We're hoping that we could purchase a brief amount of sanctuary. We need to keep moving so that they don't catch us. Can I try and pour on top of it? Not all of them. I can't drop the Seeming, can I? I was wondering if you were about to do it. Can you do it? Simon Whisk was a good friend to Percival Fredrickstein Von Musel Klossowski de Rolo III. Percival Fredrickstein Von Musel Klossowski de Rolo III. Percival lives, and he's coming. I will make sure that you are compensated when this is over. Can we sleep here for the night? We have spoken to him. We will speak to him again today. Good day. Everyone, let's meet over at the Lady's Chamber once you're finished with your business. What?! Sit in the back. I do. I speak Celestial. I think we do. Maybe he talks to us. I try and catch his attention. We follow. That could be inferred. What happened last time? Who was your informant? What did they find underneath Whitestone? Do I recognize this person? I remove my hat. Hello, Archie. Not so sweet these days. I did not think you would have lived. It was difficult, leaving. My friends are strong. Who else survived? I may have a plan. How fares Professor Anders? He lives in the house in the east? House in the north? Lady Ripley lives in one of those mansions. Who lives in the third house? We burned one of them. Which of the two is reviled most? I have a plan. Well, that's part of the plan. Here's my plan. What do you think of a distraction? What if there was a way to start a ruckus at the Vedmeyer estate? Start a fire, maybe. Start a ruckus of some kind. The third house. They're going to be waiting and expecting us, so if they think we're attacking one of the houses and then instead we attack the other while everyone's rushing to deal with what they think is the next attack, we attack the second home, and then when they prepare for us to attack the third home, that's when we attack the castle. Today, it's just one. We've already dropped one. Will it put my sister in danger? They don't know that I know she's alive. Perhaps keep her, just to surprise me. It's a part of it. Definitely. I want them to know. They need to know. Yes. From a distance. We pick a fight with a house from a distance so we can get to the other house and pick a fight there. But you can also do this from a distance so we can get you far away. You could do both. And I'm going to give you a second arrow as well. The arrow? It's an arrow? You know what it will do to the roof if it works? Okay, cool. We're going to do this now. Actually, we may not need it yet. That may actually work out well once we've-- Once it's up, can you actually write it in smoke coming off the house? Really? So the northern house or the western house? So this is the mess and this is our actual? You're the mess. So probably from about here. You can do it from the other house. It's sight-based. You're a little boy. We're making very reasonable plans with this. I have put my hat back on, yes. Not anymore, I'm not! That would excite you. I don't know why. I thought you went to shoot the arrows in the other house. All at the same time, then. On the count of three. I'll also go around back. Can we see any of the damage? Is there any smoke rising from the house yet? Is there anybody else in Story Mode of Minecraft that we should mention? Now you know our pain. We heard your voice at Target. We were walking through Target and were like, "Hey, guys." You started talking at us--