It makes your eyes pop. I like that you two match, actually. We can't talk about anything. We're in a boat. Bam. 25. (garbled) No. (garbled) These cookies are really good! I'm going to tug on the rope three times in succession to let our shark friend know that it's time to boogie. I'm going to take the rope. I'm going to jump out of the boat. Is there anything to tie the rope to? Is there something that if I had an adhesive that I could-- I'm going to attempt to take the piece of rope, place it against the wall, and take an ice shot slightly above the rope and freeze it to the wall. I'm running in, for the rest of my movement. Hey, Laura! 28 Days Later zombies. All right, that was... fine. I'll go back to the boat, then. It's fine. I don't care. 22. 22. I'm on the boat. I started heading back to the boat. So I just heard someone yell, "run." So I'm going to start unhooking the boat. I'm getting the boat ready to go. And I'm bringing the boat around so that people can get on really quick. If there was some book that had all this information available. Some ancient tome which suddenly answers everything. Got to make it weird, man. Up, up, up. We're fine. We have lots of ways to hurt it before it gets there. We have arrows and guns. We're fine. I take a shot. You've been waiting to use this! All right! I'm going to take a dead-eye sharpshooter shot. I'm going hardcore with this. So, with Bad News, I'm sitting down. I'm at advantage for this shot! Regular shot. 13. Yeah. Damn it! By the way, if anyone wants to make us a little six-square carpet, that would be awesome! And I reload. One. We are killing it! You know exactly where that's been. Can we fashion it into a sail? Grog will make wind. I've got a great idea. I want to sit, and I want to skin this thing. You can have the teeth. I'm going to skin it. Or we could go to those strange buildings that are off in the northwest corner. Keep going. There you go. Let's start heading that direction, and I want to skin this creature. Not going for craftsmanship. I'm making a camo canopy for the boat. 17. I didn't. I'm keeping it for later. Oh, does it only last ten minutes? Oh, in that case, 26. (singing) Nobody knows what it's like-- TALIESIN AND For you. I'm going to build a relative canopy specifically for the left side of the boat so that we're protected and visibly obscured from anybody in the city. What's the bonus on that, again? Dex, thank you. (raspberry noise) That's 11. I rolled really badly. Okay. Once we're at the beach and we have all evening, I'll make another attempt. I had a two. Submersive party cruise. Let's dry-dock the boat. A shark stealth. Stealth shark. Let's light it up. See what happens. We rest here. We take shifts. We should be fine. That always works. Yeah, let's go for it. This is a terrible plan. I think it's a great idea. Rah. That's what rocks say. TALIESIN AND You've got a number there. They're not wearing sombreros or anything. I have not the slightest clue how to do that. We are not making a holy hand grenade. I was very proud of that. Scanlan, is there any way you could absorb this sound? 14 points of damage. 4d6. Oh, god. It was a very good bomb. Your life, at this point. And a song. You owe me a song. It's more just an energy shield. Could this veil exist in sunlight? That's exactly what I was thinking. At least wall it off on our way out. Just wall it off. Earth-meld it. I was just having this conversation. We did take about 8 hours or so. The description of her dream. Crackers, all around. I'm going to work on the boat. That's two zeros. He said, "pay attention, druid." Oh my god. This aberration is a cake! Whoa. Percy was the third of seven children, born to a noble family who lived far to the north in the ancient castle of Whitestone. With so many siblings to share the burdens of lordship, Percy turned his attentions to the sciences, engineering, and naturalism. One day, a mysterious couple named Lord and Lady Briarwood came to court. During a feast held in their honor, the Briarwoods violently took control of the castle, killing or imprisoning everyone who would stand in their way. Percy awoke chained in the dungeon, only to be freed by his younger sister. Together they fled, chased by the Briarwoods' men. As they ran, Percy's sister took several arrows to the chest and fell. Percy kept running, eventually jumping into a freezing river and floating unconscious to freedom. He did not remember waking up on a fishing boat. He barely remembered the next two years, as he slowly made his way as far south as possible. Then one night, Percy had a dream. A roaring cloud of smoke offered him vengeance against those who destroyed his family. When he awoke, Percy began to design his first gun. (gunshot) I'm going to work on the camouflage. Let's head to those little buildings off the corner there. It is actually very good. I think this is a reasonable risk. Let's go for it. Singing, "This will be the day that I scry." It's on the cover of Dungeons & Dragons Monthly right now. It is the cover model. You're thinking about this wrong, though. You're thinking about this in the wrong direction. Beholder is not-- that's not the goal. Even more than that, it's the hundreds of allies we could have. Prison is the target. Not the beholder. If we can free the Elder Brain-- Then we're not alone. Now, what was creating this green light? Where was it emanating from? Can you describe the top of the pyramid? We have something very important. We have a vial of yellow liquid. It seems to be very acidic. I could melt the metal and we could actually bring that entire structure crashing down. We have that yellow goop, and that would definitely help. We suspect it. We're going to break the temple. If you have something to say, we would appreciate it. They're terrible monsters. I think it's that beehive structure. I think we destroy the beehive structure at the top. We have several vials of acid, actually. I thought about making an acid arrow. I really did. It took me months to figure out how to build. I could make an exploding arrow. I've made one, I can make another. Yeah. At this point, though, if I had a workshop, I could-- I would assume not. There's going to come a point where chaos is just going to descend on us. No, sadly. I was thinking about that. We could camp there. That could be where we stage our attack from. If something goes wrong, though, it's going to be-- I would rather something go wrong with all of us than something go wrong with half of us. Baby steps. We'll get in the boat and we'll start heading there. Well, we can't all fit on the carpet. Perfect. Yeah, I'm in the boat. I'm going to attempt to attach the skin to the bottom of the carpet. Well, before you guys take off. Just going to try and sew it on the corners. That's better. 16. You've got Pass Without a Trace also. We can wait. That's fine. General perception check on the beach as well. I don't know why I'm bothering. 11. It's a beach. Might want to wait. Let the scouts scout. There's no Twinkies. There's just cake. I have not the slightest clue where my phone would be. It's probably out in the hallway. You guys are doing it. Yay! Happy birthday. Holy cow. On your mother's side or your father's side? MARISHA AND Hell elf. Oh my god, yeah. Those was awesome. That's a really good idea. Who would voice our characters is my question. Hey. Yeah, they're so awesome! It's a problem. Yeah, we do. Makes me want to work harder. That's all I'm saying. Good morning! Guten Morgen! Oh, if there's an 826 in your city, by the way, go check it out. Really, they have amazing stuff for sale. It's the best first date. It's great. I've done so well taking girls to 826. I'm not even kidding. It goes very well. They've got a pirate store, a superhero store. They have a time-travel store. We're double-checking. It is still five hit points to splatter a cat. We established that. We did. Oh my god. The Hawkeye? Hot Topic. You're six-four? Dinner was great. Yeah, tell them. We just want to know. I want plushies for all of us. Well... (all laugh) The SHITs. We tried to come up with something as we were slowly gaining esteem. We were all like, "okay, perhaps we don't want to be known as the SHITs." No, I was with you. I have a family name. No. "I've been the SHITs." (all laugh) (laugh) Quite a few. We accept fanfic as our personal savior. Just became ten. I believe neutral good. There's so many. I'm trying to pick one. This is like trying to catch snowflakes. Acting with a desire for a bad haircut. No. I was a working actor. Oh, god. This is how everything goes wrong. This is what happens. She might actually cry. High school. I had played other games before you, but had never really experienced the sensation of playing D&D. This was a whole-- there were levels that were reached that had never been reached before. Not me. I would like to age rage. (all laugh) Wait, how old are you? I'm 38! January 19th. I'm the oldest! January. January 19th is an awesome birthday. Yes, thank you. Probably in a bag. I can't read this, it's actually hurting-- I saw VentralMalcavian. I actually, in high school, played the Malcavian prince of Los Angeles. It was fabulous. Malcavian all the way. It was magical. Someone now asked how you two met, now, too. (laughs) He was adorable. It was so adorable watching him. Oh, god. Back when we had a karaoke bar that we went to. I miss our karaoke bar. He's so good! Oh, yeah. On and off. On and off. Drama. Just drama. That's dark, people! That's really dark! Bear love. Someone mentioned we should bring Jennifer Hale on the show as a guest. That would be hot. Yeah, that's a good question. Ashly Burch. LAURA AND I don't know if we can get Ashly Burch. That's tough. George Takei! Steve Blum, Troy Baker. Vin Diesel. Claudia Black. Garfunkel and Oates would be amazing. I'd play with them. That'd be awesome. Peter Dinklage. Sir Ian McKellen. Wow, this is an amazing-- You've had a little-- We've had a run-in with the family once-- Yeah. That was the only time you actually-- Deflated a conflict. So would I be Grog, then? It would just be me as Grog. We could have some kind of Freaky Friday. That makes the t-shirt extra special. I'm down for that. Not in this game. What about all the other stuff you probably did? Will you tell us about that? You rage-looted. The rage-looting was pretty much the most disgraceful thing I've ever seen. He felt guilty for weeks after. He felt genuinely bad about it. (laughs) Erika Ishii, Yuri Lowenthal. Tieflings are like horned, pseudo-demonic-- They're playables. That would be awesome. Someone asked about Percy. Percy doesn't know if his sister died and Percy doesn't have a plan for his family because right now Percy is scared shitless of everything going on in the north, so no. No. Someone did actually do that. That was really weird. There's just so much to read. I have been specifically not tweeting my full name yet. I've been really enjoying watching people attempt to figure out what it is. Right now, Percy's in a hole underground, so it's not his favorite place to be. Once I'm actually in a place to try and impress people, I'll be saying my name more. Yeah, I like the way you treat it. Scanlan at Sunset, coming soon. Through the stained-glass window. It was amazing. Have we not done a drunk episode? A beholder, I would imagine, is the worst. You guys found me in a basement. Yeah, I had been arrested. We've never really discussed what I was doing down there. That's a story for another time. How long ago was that? I think Laura's actually my favorite character. You have these very interesting emotional reactions to things that I find really entertaining from my side of the table. Aw. Aw. Burt Reynolds. With the badge. You're really the heart of the group. We don't pretend that losing you wouldn't have broken us into tiny little pieces. You haven't met Gilmore! We get to do a Christmas special online this year! It is so amazing. I still have the bag of leftover IKEA crap. They're worth more money because they're cursed. There is only one god, and it is-- TALIESIN AND He is cruel and painful. You got a cool custom die. She's got a custom die, and it's awesome. Tiberius. Minxie. (laughs) Hogwarts houses? Slytherin. Slytherin. Actually, when the final book came out, we went to one of those Borders parties and I had my little Slytherin robes. I have Slytherin robes. And all the Slytherin kids were hanging outside of Borders smoking clove cigarettes and hustling little Gryffindor kids for their book money. (all laugh) I don't want to know how it's done. That was amazing. Greyjoy. Well, this got uncomfortable really quickly. No, I wasn't playing until the '90s. Oh my god, this is going so fast. Where do you get your awesome shirts? They want to know where your shirts come from. The internet. My first crit with my new gun, which was also my first kill with my new gun. That felt really good. That felt good. That felt nice. That was not during the show. Oh, that's right! I'd forgotten about that. You're not Spider-Man? Yeah. Mansions of Madness. Yeah. Bad News was built during the changeover to 5th Edition. Took about-- Yeah, it was about four or five months. In-game. Sitting at a table just tinkering and tinkering. It's much more kinetic. I make a standard roll, plus-- what is it? Is it dexterity and a modifier on top of that? I built Keyleth a special staff, ages ago. Man, I've been doing a lot, lately. And I get a bonus if I'm actually back at the keep. And then Matt and I emptied out our Ren Faire closets. We don't want to tell anybody what not to do. I don't want to see that. Is it overwhelming having 8,000 people watching? No. The world would be a better place with more D&D. I think we're just both really snooty, which is why we kind of hang out. Someone asked if it's weird not being a fantasy character in a fantasy setting, for Percy as a gunslinger. I really like it. I will actually admit that I've always been fascinated by that moment in history where suddenly we went from bows and arrows to guns, so I really like the idea of being the guy who made that terrible mistake and had this really bad idea, and I'm really enjoying... RPing that guy, and trying to figure out what would drive a human being to do something so stupid as to invent a gun. He's really screwing the entire future, at this point. Flying squirrel. Bam! Sam! Text me the change in schedule, if you get a second. Is it my imagination that Gilmore is blond, by the way? Does everybody else see Gilmore as very blond? I saw big curly blond hair. I can see that, too. Everyone's so nice. I barely believe it's the internet. Aww. Yes. Yeah, I did. But my DM was not very good, so the game got so boring we quit because our DM was weak. This is the speed our personal text messages, or group text messages, go at. You find all the good stuff. He's the winner for finding stuff. I love watching people take risks. That's my favorite thing about D& No, I'm done. Go ahead. Dutch. Tieflings are cool. I like being token human. Token human has been a lot of fun. My previous character was dragonborn. That was a dwarf chef. (imitates the Swedish Chef) (cheers) It's a game that you can play with your friends that will create the kinds of bonded, shared experiences that created the friends you had in high school. The friends you just don't get anymore. But you can get them by doing this. This is to make that high school friend again. This is a group of people I see more often than any other group. That's a whole other group of friends. I see them about once a month, really. It's funny because-- MATT AND