I got one too. My brother who also works in video games gave a talk at GVC this year, and it just went online, and not now but later you should watch Alex Jaffe's talk on metagame balancing. It's really really fun, it's fabulous, and you learn a lot. I think that's a great idea. No, nothing can be there. That's a number. Is that the thing that you wear upon your head? I would like to take a look into it if possible, and see if it makes sense. I am a builder. If we were all hidden, we would have a distinct advantage. If you like. Could we be hidden from them? Would there be a way to cloak ourselves from their understanding? I feel that we could come to an arrangement. We would require of you, at the very least, safe passage once we have helped you reunite with your people, for ourselves, and for a friend of ours who's lost in the darkness, who we are here to retrieve. Freeing all of our people. What are you doing? All of your 20's, running out. Do their powers work with reflection? But if we approach them using a reflective surface to view them, can they peer into our minds through a reflected surface? I did. The chasm is a problem. We also have a flying carpet. We can repair the bridge if we had to, at least put a rope across. Some of us can fly over them. Well, we can all have Water Breathing. Before the ones we killed, or after? May I examine-- without removing-- may I examine your device? 16. It may be the key to returning you to your people. I won't touch. I will just look. Can I understand how it functions? So it's magic. So there'd be no way to build something to create a feedback loop? I wanna try and see if there's any way that I can take a look at this and figure out a way to build some sort of feedback system. He wants a coconut radio. Plan two-- Because if they can't see, what if we blind them? With a really bright light. What if they are so blind they can't actually see us coming? Can I attempt to build sunglasses? Even better. That's as white as it gets. Once they have visual contact they can influence us, but they need to make that visual contact in the first place. If we could perhaps put some Light spells on the back and the front of our shields, so that we are guarded from it. My God. And we've got Light spells. Two fronts. I'm behind this plan. I'm gonna do a little bit of work on that first trick arrow. On the trap arrow. Since I've got a little time. That's a-- What am I rolling? Oh, it's just an intelligence roll, right? Yeah, I don't have a number for that. Ah, thank you. 17. I was just trying to make an entanglement arrow. It's a trapper's arrow. I'm gonna be Hawkeyeing Laura out at some point, I got a couple of them. I get up and look around. 18. How do you feel about lacing it with gun powder? Goblin poop cocktail. Both. Mind controlled. I'll do that at first, but then eventually I'm going to just have to jump into the fray. Gonna be buffing us like a vampire slayer. She's just quiet 'cause she's feeling smug about the last game. Do you think happy thoughts? 22. Die rolls. Do not light up until you see the black or greens of their eyes. Yeah! You're a terrible person. That's a 15, 29. It's reclaimed, it's very nice. Yeah! Whoa! He's still standing up, kind of. Oh my God. Yes, and you have an entrapment arrow now. Oh, shit! Fuck. Ah! This was a good plan. Yeah! 19. Gonna wing it. You can hold initiative. Just in case, I'm going to push off and wait for Grog. So I'm holding my turn. God, yes. You first? Or should I go first? We'll go, we both jump down at the same time. 20. Do I have time to get a shot off? Wow, I'm taking a second, and I see that Vax is getting attacked, and I'm gonna just take a shot at the-- The guy with the hammer. The biggest thing I see. Yeah, that's right, I have a helmet. So yeah, I'm wearing the helmet. I'm cool with that. Ah! A natural 20. (all cheer) The general. Doesn't matter, as long as I have-- partial cover, it don't matter. I can ignore it, I ignore three-quarters cover. I'm awesome. So that's double 1d-- I should have gotten some bonuses on that, I'm an idiot. Plus five. It's just double dice damage? That's 19 points of damage. You're going off-book, this is cool. Gonna use one of the little lifties, aren't you? Aw yeah. Yeah. Sweet D&D rave. Oh, you're crazy. ♫ A fantastic way to die No. Small kilo. Vine hugs. Wow. 23. 18. Yeah, that-- That hits. The fuck? That hurt. I'm at 38. Okay, is my hand still stuck in its mouth? (all laugh) Do I have an advantage to hit if my gun is in its mouth? (all laugh) Done. So I get to roll twice? 19. Okay, I spent some grit on this, and did some interesting modifiers. Two points of grit. The Deadshot. And I also took a negative five hit for a plus ten damage to this shot, and I'm using my fire modifier. I'm just being an asshole. (all laugh) That's... 16 and 20, 35 points of fire damage inside of its mouth. Thank you. Actually, does that crit? Does your 19 crit? I'm looking forward to it. Get the whole animal collection. Actually got them, the whole set. Did he take me, no he didn't take me. Dex. 20. 20. Yes it did. My arms are still stuck in its mouth. That's fine. That happened fast. God. Ah, yeah, that's gonna hit. Armor class sucks. I'm at 39 I wanna say? That's gonna hit. I'm out. Okay, Percy being pummeled and pummeled again. Loses, your gun falls from your hand, as you slump to the ground, your eyes roll back, unconsciousness and darkness. I'm sleeping. Thank you. You suck. Oh wow, I feel much better. Very happy today. He's made it. GURPS in high school. Took a day. It is, it's working out. I'm digging it. I keep reading and finding things I'm not doing that could be more interesting, so. That felt great. Just google Grog. If I say it so you can understand it, what's the point? So many questions going so quickly. And the kitty shirts were an accident. This was not planned. I played a lot in school. Other than Matt, I probably had the most experience playing D&D, and playing roleplaying games. So I was really excited by the gunslinger in Pathfinder just 'cause it was something I hadn't done before. So I found it the most interesting and unusual, but I was not, and I also felt it was a hole within the group that could be filled very well. No, someone asked how the group, yeah. Is there still a cow in the bag? As we've learned. We do. For Tone17, I played a modified Malkavian, and a Smetty if you can believe such a thing, which was badass. Oh my God, really? I was a dragonborn paladin. Contraption. That was such a good game for learning the basic mechanics. Such a well put together game. Laura was hyperventilating. Coffee. I feel significantly more badass than my character. If we had the power to bring one guest player for one session. I would love to see Joss Whedon do this. I admit I would like to see Joss Whedon play D&D. That'd be interesting. Okay, I'm throwing that one out there. I ran a Rifts game as well in high school. Then I ran a game of Vampire the Masquerade, and I was in a bunch of them. Couple rounds of Paranoia, and Hole, because that's funny. Hole was amazing. Borderlands 2, and I'm happy-- I wear a codpiece. I wear a codpiece that keeps everything in check. Human fighter. Hulk's on a scaling power level, 'cause he just gets too mad. Well technically. We already did. If anyone would like to make us costumes. Tiberius would be mine, I'd take Tiberius. I'm a WoW player on occasion, I haven't played in ages. The day that bear dies, it's gonna get ugly. So much black to wear. The demon-possessed royal family was my favorite. Yeah, that was my favorite fight. Just using the light, also we were shooting, I was getting to shoot holes in the glass. Getting the magic carpet was also pretty badass. Was that on Christmas? Yeah, we had a whole little thing, it was really nice. Mine's really old, it's probably either Monster or Paranoia Agent. I'm gonna go that far back. Yeah, all the way back. Saw a question about Percy's home, and his family. Percy has a really really big family, that I don't mention in the video, and he has not been home yet. He has no interest in going home yet, 'cause that's terrifying. So we have not dealt with that. The group's worst decision in D&D was the dragon, I think. Grog. You were still freaking out like a month later, you were feeling really bad. That's like Star Trek or Star Wars. Lord of the Rings, but I see Game of Thrones on the side. We wouldn't have Game of Thrones without Lord of the Rings. You said that. That just came out of your mouth. Ooh. You had me at Marvel. Terrible idea. I've got a Sons of Anarchy Doctor Who t-shirt, I'm a really big fan of. I'll wear it next week. I like your shine on me shirt. I love that you own the shirt from it. They still haven't heard my favorite voice from this campaign yet. 'Cause we haven't gone back to the city yet. That's so cool. I think we should save that for, wait until they actually meet Gilmore. Not the gargoyle. Oh my God, yeah. I'm trying to catch up. I like the little green gelatinous cubes. I think they're fun, and then if you make 'em right, you can just make 'em out of jello, and eat them when you're done, that's awesome. I know what you're talking about. He works for us now. Wow, you fell. That's not surprising. Is that why you play so much War Machine, is because for once you don't have to be responsible? GURPS, 13. I was, yeah, 13 years old, GURPS. Mansions of Madness. We played with Scanlan, of course we do. It's hard not to think about it with Sam. That was a good video. I have some videos of the tarot game, and a couple of us He deserves a break. Seriously. And for charity. It's hard to read this quickly. The world is cold and unfeeling. Triple threat. Saturday. Greater than three, too. Forgot you speak-and-spell.