I'm Marisha Ray. And this has been-- Spontaneous combustion. Oh, Wednesday Club. We're finally-- Because I forgot that I was leaving town for some reason that I don't remember at all. I don't remember why I had to leave town for some reason. (laughs) Yeah, we did our funny book show last week, so this week we're going to do our Comics 101. It's going to be a lot of fun. We're going to talk about the basics of how to read comics, if you're brand new to it or if you have questions. It'll be fun. We're going to talk about the amount of time that moves between panels, thought bubbles, talk bubbles, all the fun stuff. It'll be great. Yes, Understanding Comics is going to be talked about. It's a really, really great book. Guy Lombardo. Guy Lombardo, but Don Pardo would've been amazing. I do? I was about to say. I watched the episode. So several funny ones. Oh, and we're still talking about the con we're doing. MomoCon. Hover hand, man. Where is John Connor? I think all things considered, that went rather well. Taryon? Are you all right? Are you all right? It is very reasonable not to be all right after that. I think I'm going to need a moment to sit down and have a drink-- I pull out a bottle of something. Did you fail a petting a-- This trip has changed us. Well, we've got a robot to reconstruct. I'm going-- I will help with that. I've got a very, very large-- I pass the last of the Green Tear Whisky. For Dotty. Doty. For Doty. This is not celebration. This is acknowledgement. Your oldest friend. Not anymore. Your oldest friend, not your only friend. When you're ready, we'll fix one up. No, that's not crazy. Even if you were, it's-- How else will you chronicle Doty's adventures if not with a new chronicler? And we'll fill in everything that's been missed. We definitely have resources, time, and help. Drag the last of all the bottles out this time. Eloquent, very eloquent. We should, yes. We may be taking a bit of a break. A year, yes. Well, tinkering, to be fair, I don't actually know what tinkering pays because I've never been paid to do it. A lot of money. Well... I mean, yes. You don't actually have to listen to a man who needed an eye mask explained to him, but-- Well, that's a conundrum. Yes, of course. Hell has done something to you. Well, at the very least we're talking about advanced flirting, at the very least. I suppose if there's liquor, we could find out! That's so exciting. It's the best bars where you always forget the name, isn't it? Your majesty. Quite gracious. It's good to see you as well. He's new, but he's proving himself quite well. Yes, neat. Neat would be the word I would-- she does all right. Well, there's a pub over there. Do I see a soldier of any kind, on this-- I'm just tapping one. When you're done, please let the palace know that we have returned. We've returned for good, for a while, so no immediate threat anymore. We may have eaten some souls. Well-- Well, I may have signed a contract with a devil. Well, we were in hell, it's just-- You sign a contract with a devil, I'm never going to do anything with it. Honestly, it was mostly just to take care of our little problem, and in return, I have the option of-- -- selling my soul for power that I don't really need, because I have everything I need right here. She knows why went to hell. Yes. Extra, extra! She's being commandeered. That's so true. We do, we know lots of people. Basically Grog, so far. All right. That was an interesting word, yeah, that just brought the whole thing. Well, not literal wolves. Yeah, "you're my mate." Oh, well. I felt pretty good on that one. It's Dungeons & Dragons, man! Roll for montage. Halfway there already. Oh no. Oh no! Oh no! She's an imaginary woman on graph paper. Roll for it. Get a kiss from. And then if she rejects both of them, we all win. Oh dear. Yes. I want in on this as well now. Oh, I'm not getting on this, I just want in on the rating. I technically can't bet because I do actually know everyone enough to-- I have a little more inside knowledge than one should. God, I hope so. (laughter) That's not a clear-- Oh yes. No, right now it's, right now it's even keel, I feel. Better there's not at all. No-- No. I feel the wrong lesson was learned here. Reel us all back a bit. (high-pitched) Well-- Oh no! Nope. TRAVIS. Three. (laughter) Maybe the only thing he knows. If you want to discover what girls actually like, ask girls. We've got three-- Wells of knowledge. Nope, already lost it. Nope. Don't talk to the hair. At some pubs, that could have gone well. Yeah, Matt. What does she do during the day when the pub's not open? (laughter) Bringing it all back. I'm feeling very positive about the whole deal. I feel that this is a reasonable draw. We've had enough of that. We met a bear. A werebear there. You're improving. Learning names. We're not judging. I was a bit awkward with girls before I started out. Oh yes. I had a lot of sisters. Well, we end up sheltered, don't we? I learn very quickly. She's an excellent teacher. Never mind. But no, adventuring and going out into the world, you learn a lot. You meet people. You get out. It's good for you. Look at all these people. We are sheltered children on this side. This is also why you always make friends with women. They have friends. There's just networks of them. It's brilliant. Thank you! Oh my god. No. Wait. No! Did your father find out about-- Oh my god. More liquor. No, we're sitting down for parental issues. Yes. Oh no, I think I know. Please, go on. (sighs) Good name. That's so adorable! I'm so sorry. Do you know why? Because those adventurers are busy actually having a good time. Never trust a man who sells property. We just killed a dragon that made a lot of money. I kind of want to rough him up. No, not you. You're fine. You can do whatever you like. Or slightly wealthy. There's worse things than poverty. I don't fully agree with that, either. Although I spent quite a bit of time before I met this group of people dirt poor. Beggar poor. It wasn't the best time of my life, but-- I don't remember my point. It was actually pretty awful. It's true. I did say it was pointless. And because it comes with an enormous amount of responsibility and complications. And while it's nice to have, because I'm using it to do some good in the world now, and because without it, she becomes slightly more questionably evil than she currently is, bless. It's not the secret to happiness. It doesn't actually help if you're not already happy. It can augment existing happiness, it just doesn't create it from scratch. Or baking bread. I'm not sure. I'm going to drink more. It actually has a very good reputation, to be fair. There's not actual spaghetti. Oh, that's funny twice, too. (laughter) LAURA AND Maybe take some pressure off and practice talking normally to people who are going to be very gentle with you about the whole process. I missed you so much. That was hot. Damn. I feel like I just learned something. Or you'll just have a great time. 21. I think he needs this. I think it'll be all right. Do you have your orb? I'm just saying. I'm just going to double-check. It'll be fine. Just going to double-check, real quick. They haven't started anything yet. I'm just going to take a peek. What if I owe you a favor? I'm appealing beyond the Voice of the Tempest, to the heart of the storm. I'm asking the heart of the storm, pleading to the heart of the storm far beyond the Voice of the Tempest. There's nothing to be heard here. I didn't want to disturb them. If they know that we're watching it would disturb them. You don't have to watch. I just want to watch. It's just me. It's because we're peers. I'm a bit drunk. I don't know. I've never tried. Yes. Does it require attunement? I'm going to try and use it. Can I use a Resolve for this? No, that doesn't work, does it? That's seven. I don't understand how this works. Never mind. One more time. Just bring the difficulty up. I don't care. There we go. 24. And I'm thinking about Scanlan. Do you want to say this out loud? This is the second time in a week I've gotten to do this to people. Do they look reasonable? I take down as many details in my head as I can. Thanks, guys. Ha! Oh, that's a bit much. That's a bit much. Nothing that interesting. Ugh, that doesn't feel good. Believe me, I'd tell you if it was appalling. It was not appalling, it was fine. He's fine, he's having a good-- That doesn't feel good. How do you do that? Ugh. All right, and that would be-- okay. Yeah. Four. It did. I don't think I'm ever doing that again, but yes. That doesn't feeling good. I didn't see that. I'm going to be a gentleman and not throw up from the speed at which one goes in that direction. That's fair. He's doing very well. Very well. I'm very proud. We should probably go to the castle. I do. We've sent word. They'll be awake, I imagine. Is Gilmore still in town? Head back out, where? We have both, so that's, either way, it could work. We have lovely beds. I was not there very long. I'm a little soberer than I'd like to let on. Not sober, but-- I don't quite want to say surprise for tomorrow, but I may have something exciting to show you tomorrow. I'm going to need you to be extra intimidating tonight, because tomorrow I'm going to be very intimidating right back at you. I figured you would. I'm going to have to say hello to my sister. No. Are we alone? I didn't look in on Tary. No. (sighs) I saw Scanlan. He's fine. I haven't done anything yet. Enjoying himself. God knows. He has things that belong to me. He has the stone-- Did we? He has the earring. I kind of want them back. I think that if he did come back, I would be very worried about who he was. I'm feeling betrayed, and I can't help but think of all of our adventures of the last few weeks, he would have been oddly useful for so many of them. He would have been such a-- Hm. I'm not. I've been that villain, and the best of them point out all of your flaws while they're busy exploiting their own. I am, I will admit, very angry. I don't want to interfere with his happiness, I don't want to interfere with his life, certainly not his daughter, but I will admit I am very angry. Perhaps the only thing that's keeping me from doing anything about that anger is your opinion of it. I don't mean to put this on you, this is not on you, but-- I'm thinking of collecting what's mine. Yes. As do I. I'll think on it. I'll think on it. Thank you. I'll be right there. I'm going to confer with my sister about formalizing a few things tomorrow. There's just layers to that trouble, isn't there? Just layers of paperwork. For a while, this time. Terrible, but all over. I'm back to help. It's my turn. I will happily take some layers of both that paperwork and that cake off your hands. And I grab a slice. I do ask tomorrow that we handle this little interesting tidbit. I hand her the documents I put together earlier with the titling that needs to be dealt with. I expect somebody will come up with something delightful for that one. Quite a while. A long while. It seemed appropriate. Even before things became what they are, yes. Yes. I-- He does, if I recall. We're going to make this right. We're going to-- the machine will run again. All of this will work again. I will help. I could use more cake. How goes the training of the company of shot? Well, we're going to fix that as well. The guards? The captain of the guards has been taking care of everything? Jarett. Is he still around? I would like to confer with him very quickly before I go to sleep but other than that we are back and I look forward to making this move forward tomorrow morning. I will. Thank you. I'm going to run by Jarett's on the way back to my quarters. All right. Real quick, I'm just going to write a little post. I'm just going to write a little letter which I will tell you about in-- well, should I tell you what it is now because the person who sent it-- No. Well, yes, you all need-- (laughter) Jarett. So sorry. Jarett. I know. Very quietly on the sly hire someone to keep very, very distant tabs on Scanlan Shorthalt. I want to know if anything unusual happens. Not to interfere. Just watch. Five gold pieces. Where was my-- I'm trying to find my number. I was going to shoot about 400 gold at it just to get it done. Seems reasonable. Yeah, until he needs more. And it's over. Oh no. More of a-- what would be the word I would think to use? Odds and ends. It's less of a guard and more of a champion. You'll be stronger than the last one, I will say. That would have been right before the unpleasantness. He was under the Anders house, which is why the Anders house is now forfeit. That would be-- Just you. Just for you. Right. Hopefully not. We'll go down, learn a little bit more and begin when you're ready. I follow. She needs to be appropriately consecrated, obviously. Shush now. A sign of your victory. Whatever that victory may be. I've read a bit. I know a bit about what's to come. Yeah, you'll do fine. Maybe. You're supposed to build the treehouse in the top of the tree. I'm just going to follow in before we send you off into this. I just wanted to let you know that when I sort of sprung this title on you, I chose the Grey Hunt specifically. The Third House is easy, it's just land and title. It doesn't mean anything. As a child, the Grey Hunt was fascinating because it was a title that one earned. And I felt that you should have something like this that no one could do otherwise other than claim that you earned it. This is not something that can be given and you're going to be fine. I have complete faith. I love you, too. Good luck. Backing off. I'm in my study working on things. Excellent! Excellent! I'm so sorry, and excited! Yes. I have a map in my study and I just pull it out and just hand it. I must have a map. Grog when I'm drunk? Do I know anything? MATT This is not your specialty. You haven't dealt with the Grey Hunt personally, and this is not ringing a bell. It's different every time. LAURA; Okay. Hey! Do you remember when we were coming here, and we were camping out in the woods outside and there was a woman, I think, that walked by with a pack of, was it wolves? I don't know. Yeah! Oh shit, the tiny trees have come out! That's funny because Dungeons and Dragons is my favored terrain. (laughter) Tavern as favored terrain is genius. Okay, okay. Oh god. Tickle, tickle, tickle. I've known, the necklace hasn't gone. Would I know anything with six eyes? Big rhino thing with six eyes? What am I rolling? Just a general intelligence check? 23. You killed a gray render. There's a surprising number of things with six eyes, and that's-- (laughter) That means it was natural, it didn't have a good or bad aspect to it. Maybe, maybe not. That means that you were sent, and that you did what you thought was right. This thing could have been a terrible danger. Yes, that is a thing. I'm very proud of you. Way to bring it all back. Is there a-- Do they do something with this trophy, or is that-- I think, like, Satine ran a game, like a half a decade ago that we played in together. He is terrible.