Echo Park Yeah! We we just did some voices for the new Marvel Age of Ultron pinball game. I did the voice of Ultron, so you can hear me be evil! You remember how to play? There's an app for that. I think I've got a plan. You have a plan? I'll Roshambo you for it. Keyleth can meld through rock. So, if we can get the attention of everyone who's guarding Grog, she could slip through while we're drawing them out, and get through and let him go in the midst of the fight. That works with your plan? I like that plan. You were 80% there. I assumed you'd come back by now. Well, he's at least said, "Come up now." Damn it. No, we're just going for it right now. I rolled a ten, yeah. Goddamn. First of the night. I'm... staying a little bit back. Yeah, about there. Ten. 16. Laura, twice. And Pike. 22. 22. We need earth elemental stats if you know where they are, by the way. Monster Manual. Yeah. But while we're looking that up, I'm basically going to pull my gun, I'm going to fire four times into the face of that awful, awful screaming bastard. Yeah, the mind flayer. Yeah. First attack with Pepperbox is 13? All right fire shot for 19. That's my fire shot... so that's... Oh my god, this sucks! Eight points of damage. What is this about? Third attack. Natural 20. That's 11 points of damage. That's 2d10. I double the dice, right? Yeah. So that's that. And now I'm going to take a sharpshooter bonus, so... Oh, that sucks. That's 11, that doesn't hit. That was a terrible roll. I'm going to use some movement to dodge left to get out of the way of that guy. Yeah, I'm going to go... Yeah, about there. There's two more. Not anymore. So sad, so sad. Okay, I'm going to take a step towards-- who's buggering Scanlan over there? It's a duergar? I'm just going to take a shot at him really quick. Not going to hit you. I'll take a step forward, I'm going to continue moving, this is going to be a running shot. 18? That's-- don't go anywhere. That's nine damage. And I'm going to shoot again. 18. Eight damage. Bad News has not come out yet! This is just my little Pepperbox. Bam. I make them! I'm keeping my distance. Yeah. I'm going to recommend to Pike that she do a bit of healing. Life. Oh wow! Yeah, you did. I'm going to take a headshot with Bad News. Oh, are you doing something? Okay. Man's got to eat. I wasn't going to say it. I was waiting for someone else to say it. I'm going to remember that you're the one who suggests drinking random, yellow liquids and I'm going to bring you a vial of yellow liquid. I'm just saying. We promise, we will heed your warning, but we can't run. We will heed it, though. And we made a deal. We'll be cautious, and we'll have you to protect us. The god in darkness will blot out the light. Percy was the third of seven children, born to a noble family who lived far to the north in the ancient castle of Whitestone. With so many siblings to share the burdens of lordship, Percy turned his attentions to the sciences, engineering, and naturalism. One day, a mysterious couple named Lord and Lady Briarwood came to court. During a feast held in their honor, the Briarwoods violently took control of the castle, killing or imprisoning everyone who would stand in their way. Percy awoke chained in the dungeon, only to be freed by his younger sister. Together they fled, chased by the Briarwoods' men. As they ran, Percy's sister took several arrows to the chest and fell. Percy kept running, eventually jumping into a freezing river and floating unconscious to freedom. He did not remember waking up on a fishing boat. He barely remembered the next two years, as he slowly made his way as far south as possible. Then one night, Percy had a dream. A roaring cloud of smoke offered him vengeance against those who destroyed his family. When he awoke, Percy began to design his first gun. (gunshot) Under-Indian. We follow. K'Varn, the god in darkness. I want to wrack my brain to think if I've ever had any lessons or if that name has ever come up in any of my reading. History check? No whammies. That's a 13. Oh, fiddlesticks. Make a little metal toe? Just to be clear, the temple of what? Okay. That's good to know. That's very good to know. Thank you. We're having a discussion of how best to go about this. Missed our little flower girl. I want to just put something out on the headsets really quickly. "When we get into the "city, I need everyone to promise that we're not going to enter the temple. No one rush in, no one "be brash. No one make a poor decision. We're going to wait. No matter what happens, don't enter the "temple until we've all had a moment to figure out what's happening." If there's going to be a trap, it's going to be getting us into the temple. He literally invited us into the temple. We walk to the temple, we don't enter the temple. Understood. Excellent. Dick move! Actually, let's grab a few chunks. I may have an idea for later. Throw a few into the Bag of Holding. I'll take a few. Thank you! A fancy bundle of crystals. We should investigate. I'm going to make my way, as well. Right. They played arm punch until one caved. That's never good. What kind of liquid is this lake made of? Can we see to the bottom? Is it that clear? I've got an idea. I'm going to find a small rock-- Oh, go ahead. Clarota? Is this in any way dangerous? Let's all remember his feet don't actually touch the ground. Yay. Eight. She's a very good swimmer. It was totally potions. Well, I can't help with the wheel, but I could repair the boat, in theory. I'm going to make a list of things that I'm going to need. I may have to send them down for more parts of boats from the other boats. Bring up the broken boat. Please don't roll a one. Okay, so I'm going to do a little tinkering to see if I can get this fixed. Unless you want to try the wheel first? I'll do a tinkering check first and then try the wheel. What do I use as my modifier? I'm not feeling very inspired. I feel inspired. That's worth a d10. Okay. All right. What do I add to the modifier, by the way? My dex modifier, thanks. Thank god. 13. Yeah, 13 total. Let's put it in the water and see what happens. I was about to say, we can make a harness out of rope. We'll be less conspicuous. Shark power is far less conspicuous. I'm setting up a gun mount on the boat, just in case. We'll get out the rope and throw a loop for you to grab. See, there's an island over on that side. Yes. We're shark-powered. Aw, yeah. We're pretty stealthy. Yes, I think that's an excellent idea. I'll wait here. I'm in the boat. All right. But we're listening in. All right, we're on our way. Pike, come on. Grog, you could throw a shark at something. You can toss a shark at a zombie. You could battering-ram a zombie with the shark and just go. They have sandpaper skin. The pictures you were sending were amazing. We agree. He was handling a couple at renfaire. It was kind of scary. Or if you're at LAX at 115, you can meet them.