I will, I will be at Amazing Comic Con in Hawaii next weekend. Actually, I will be missing the game because I will be working on my pale, in the moonlit shores of Hawaii. Thank you. This is as fresh as I can get. Because I've been sleeping in the studio. You know, I think I'm going to stick with the lavender for a while. I think I'm slowly going to move it towards amethyst. Little green, little blue. Yeah, yeah no, that's rockin'! Don't see why we can't do both. I think we're going to have-- are we here? I can't remember. I think we're going to have to have a larger conversation about where everybody ends up in the very near future, and while two people in and out of town is definitely agreeable, I think there's a larger discussion to be had. You do? We have more appointments as well. Much to do today. I think I know who to have that discussion with as well. Pike. Well, I heard that. He might not be home. No, he needs this, he needs this, it's all right, absolutely needs this. Bugger all, I say we give it a shove. We're going to give a push to the front door. We give a shove. Oh. 18. Is my strength. I'm going to look around for personal effects, papers. 15. Hello? Pike, I've got good news, he says he's not here! I don't actually think we've met before, hello. Ah, Percival Frederickstein Von Musel Klossowski de Rolo III, it's a pleasure to meet you. Hello. Hi. That took some doing, well done. I'll lean down for that. They cry your name across the-- There's probably going to be a fight tomorrow. There's no shame in prudence. Original recipe Windex. My favorite. It's been a day. I will. We could bring him into the mansion. We still have one more stop before the evening's done. At dawn, we quorum! So we have two stops before the evening's done then. There's a house we're supposed to plunder, and we should plunder it. Yes, we do. Master Quall, and I will admit, I'm vaguely indifferent about whether or not he gets his property back, but I am very keen to find out what that property is, and what else he left if he left that. --god forbid. This is terrifying and this is proof that we should do it, then. Who wants to fight the dragon tomorrow? I would like to do three more days of research and planning-- I feel that that's not something we do spur of the moment. Come on, no more of that talk. No, it is. I assume at some point we're taking a short rest, by the way. Oh lordy, thank you. We can all do it. Let's do it together. Talk before that happens. First, we're robbing an old man. I think we have to convince Kevdak to abandon this plan to attack the dragon-- Oh, no, Kevdak, wrong one, I'm sorry. You all look vaguely the same to me, I'm sorry. No, he's got the beard. And the ability to kill me in my sleep. I find you charming. But no, we have to convince them not to do this tomorrow. I think that perhaps if it's possible to convince them to at least wait one more cycle to heal and prepare for the battle-- I genuinely don't understand the place you come from. I feel much better about any decision to just leave then, although we would have to do something about the city and everyone who's in it. Are they clever enough to attack the dragon at the point at which the drop is made, or are they going to not make the drop and wait for the dragon to attack the city? We also have to empty out the prisons if we get that chance of any of the citizens they may be holding. Will your cousin understand that we have a bigger battle to fight? Well, we're walking while we're having it. If I had time, if I had a few days-- We could. Which is why we should get them to flee. Well, the Herd will leave, I think. I've seen it, it's huge. Yes. It'll be furious. Eventually, yes. How big is the black dragon? If I-- if I had time I could build a machine that might be able to trap him on the ground for at least a little while. I think-- I disagree with that, I think we'll absolutely have opportunities to have an army. And I think that if we call upon the Herd later for something like this, maybe we can get them-- I don't know. As much time as it takes. Why don't we see how our favor holds? Let's take a moment. I'm curious what the fates would say. Vax, if you would be so kind? Check for traps. Well, this is exactly what I was hoping for. He's rich and paranoid, so if anything is of value it'll be downstairs, so I say we do upstairs first. I don't know, I certainly like him. I could watch this all day. I could try my Dispel Magic ability. It's called a bullet. I'll shoot it until it doesn't work anymore. There were stairs, there was no up. We're learning so much tonight! God! They're working things out, just let it happen. Check the chest. Check the chest. Double-check the bedroom for safes or things behind paintings or maybe some sort of carpet-- It's the voice of reason, coming from downstairs. (laughter) I know, I'm just as depressed that it is as you are. Check paintings, behind the paintings, check the bed for any odd slidey bits. Trust paranoid rich people to know. I hate investigation checks. Not touching anything, just looking. Hm. All right. Downstairs it is. It's adorable, isn't it? Do we have anybody who has Telekinesis? Telekinesis of any kind? Make someone expendable, it's a brilliant idea. Then at dawn, we talk about things. That's very unsettling. Okay, let's everyone back up. I want to touch everything in here. I'm going to gingerly start looking to see if anything is useful, because I have a lot of plans. 14. Celestial. Can I read any of it? Common, Celestial, Elven. Would I recognize any of the alchemical symbols? I have no idea what you're talking about. I feel like this is not the only room. This is not enough. I feel like there's-- I'm going to quickly take a look at the papers that were buried in-- Failed attempts? Does he write his name anywhere? Damn. It's installing Windows. I'm so sorry. Let's take all of this out of the house, maybe. The power of Neil deGrasse Tyson is with you. (laughter) Because that's going to be great. God. I'm going to go diving to see if there's an instruction manual somewhere in this room. I'm on my hands and knees going through the papers. There's only one way to find out. Or cast a spell. If only he had any spells. Keyleth has a pet giant robot. I don't know what to make of this. It's a thing I've been working on, but apparently someone else has done it first, so never mind. Never mind! I'm not working on it anymore! (laughter) It's passé and stupid. I don't want to hear about it. Could we get him into the Bag of Holding? Yeah. We don't have a big enough Bag of Holding. Yes, it would be so Mad Max. It would be beyond Thunderdome. Perhaps let's try this somewhere that is not a basement filled with chemicals. The dragon would find him a very uncomfortable horse pill to swallow. We will tell him delicately to kneel and crawl. Not going to make them roll survival to get back? She goes with the second thing that everybody shouts out. Literally. I'm going to get in the way of this, just for fun. So once it's set in that motion, it'll continue to kill that thing. I want to check by the way, Liam, are you imagining the eighties-era X-Men danger room right now too, with like the hoops and the bars. Ask a question. All right, this is good, we're finding out its intelligence level. It may not be smart enough to know that. So it doesn't know anything, that's good. Let's find out if it can, does it have any magical properties beyond punching, can it, tell it to use magic. And then I die. And then you dye a blue streak in your hair and everything goes fine. No, no, I'm with you, I'm with you. Natural. One. No no no, it's happening. (slow-mo voice) This-- put-- (slow-mo voice) --the candle-- (slow-mo voice) --back. Wisdom, where are we-- 16. You asked him a question as opposed to telling him to do it. (slow-mo) hate-- you-- (laughter) (laughs) This is the most torturous thing ever. No, it's-- no, it's good. Yes! Can it-- Can it fly? Just try it. How high did it jump? All right. Out of idle curiosity, two last important things that I would recommend. Perhaps, Fassbender, go into recharge mode? Or sleep mode? Perhaps? So that maybe it can regain some of its magic ability, which it might burn through? And two, and I'm surprised that I'm the one to mention this, but we should double-check to make sure that that thing isn't doing anything strange to your head. I'm going to pick that up. All right. It's very nice. Take that off for a bit? Maybe? It'll be your friend in the morning. Seems all right. More than normal? Oh, no, you don't look different. I know. Well, you made a robot cast a spell on me. An automaton, I suppose. That's fair. How awful a person am I? You wear armor? I'll also, weren't we at some point supposed to check the library for clues of the location of the next Vestige? Yes. That is a thing. Well, we don't have to, we know where she is. She's in the prison. We may just be able to get them to release her. Grog has to talk to them. I don't feel comfortable fighting a dragon on 24 hours' notice after almost getting my arse handed to me. That's not a lot of people. We need to move a lot of people. How many people are in theory still left in the city? Based on the size of the city and the number of people I've seen, what would be my extrapolation? I'm a reasonable human being. Triple digits, four digits? Low four digits, that'll do. This is not a bad plan. Today we can save a town. Scanlan, at least this could wait until after the danger's over. Only if we follow your example. I was trying really hard here. We can work on some sort of concoction if you need help sleeping after that information, at this point. That would keep me up for hours. That's-- yeah. I don't-- I don't think you're supposed to eat-- that's creative. I'll have the soup. Other than take a rest. I may run to try and quietly by myself grab a few things from the library that we may need for the next Vestiges. Ah. Possibly in the morning. Oh, all right then. No, that's fair. Something, even in theory, that we could convince it to take back to its lair. If we still wanted to go with that, we could load the next parcel with something-- A month would be better than a week-- Yes, three days would always be better than one. Have fun you guys, I'll be on a beach next week, but-- it's okay, I'll be, I'll try-- To Hawaii. I can Skype in. I'll try and Skype in. I'll see how much internet I can get on the island.