I gotta pack a bag! Like Bond villains. It is a very nice shirt. We have a thing. We got to announce a thing this week. We got to announce "Black Butler." Well, I'm in "Book of Murder," two completely different butlers. I'm buttling in "Book of Murder" as Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, so that's exciting. It's the weirdest accent I've ever done. It is all over the place. I'm, at this point, prepared for some decompression of some kind. No one can be expected to move at the speeds we've been moving at for the past week. Perhaps grab an early-morning drink and find out how much news has actually reached this town about what's happening out in the world right now. That's actually an even better idea. Perhaps she will go to breakfast. That sounds right. Yes? It's interesting, because I sleep at night and these voices from nowhere consistently remind me that there's a black powder merchant in this-- Kima, I think, is an excellent idea. No, she's related to Lillith. They actually are, they are related, that is true. Our friend from previously. With that, let's find Kima, perhaps. That would be the best course of action. That may actually be a good point. Is that including what we got from my sister? Let's buy some potions. Oh, that's right. Once you're in, you're stuck. Hello. Lovely to see you again. It's been a complicated month, we'll get into it. Quite-- well, hmm. Liquefied, but mostly functioning. Hello, I don't think we've met. Percy Fredrickstein Von Musel Klossowski de Rolo III. And you are? Just call me Percy. That Kashaw, oh! Yes, that one! Yes, of course. How do you know when you have one? And at that point, don't you just already have one at that point? And flat. We're not entirely sure what happened, but he escaped the fire plane and somehow created a coalition of chromatic dragons and they are ravaging the countryside. Temple of Bahamut. His touch has been felt in the north. Dark creatures attempted to, as best that we can surmise, open a gate beneath the castle of Whitestone. Your temples? What do you see? Of course. Didn't you kill the king of--? It's possible. This is good. This is a path for us to walk. Well, most likely, yes. Going to have to make our way there, eventually. Actually, 11 groups. As you know. All right. Now we're getting somewhere. We're all going to learn something very valuable right now. Is knickknack a candy bar? What have you pulled out? The Knickknacks of Kaa?! No, not the Knickknacks of Kaa! That was a really good roll. Really quickly, while the Thaumaturgy is happening, I'm going to cast Minor Illusion, just go for it. I'm going to make a-- the image of a beautiful woman briefly appear in the reflection of the object and then vanish. Just a gleam. Thank you. I need to make a sleight of hand check? No, but it is a 19. This is Sting, from Lord of the Rings. Roll again. Yay! Wait, wait, no. What's your--? He has a lip collection. Seems fair. And we only had to threaten a shopkeeper with bodily harm to get it. It means you're a good influence or we're a terrible influence on you. No! No! No? You did very well and there are other things that we should think about purchasing. I could use a bit of a top-up just because who knows when the next time we're going to be in this direction. And perhaps, considering that we're going to be very mobile, a map would not be the worst purchase. Don't we have a mapmaker? It would not be a terrible thing to have, considering we're going to be traveling. Let me top up a bit on what I need. I'll need you as well because you hold the purse strings. I'll take a normie. The two poor decision makers, I imagine. Let's go get some powder. Let's get some black powder and whatever else we might-- We'll meet you at the pub. Vex and I are going and-- are you coming as well? He might be a bit low on powder. I'm going to remove my coat. As I've learned. Do we have Trinket with us? I'm going to put my coat on Trinket for a moment, just to keep it clean. Thank you, Trinket (knocking). Hello? Victor, are you in there? Yes, it's Percival. Do you remember me? Excellent. I was hoping to procure some black powder again. We had a-- we made a deal last time-- Do I have to? Okay. That's quite wise. Please keep my jacket clean. You should roll for that. You're looking well. That's impressive. You can learn three more times, easily. Victor, I was hoping you would have some black powder for sale. That's very impressive. Oh-- Let's not do that! And I make a quick... I'm going to try and bap the thing down as quickly as I can. Let's... I trust you implicitly. I think you've had enough. I'm going to smell the coffee. It's really coffee? Just one spoonful would be quite-- Yes! I have. Not many? Have there been others? Really? Who would--? Excellent. She didn't happen to say where she was going, did she? By any chance? Weeks? Very good to know. Thank you, that's so helpful. Did you talk about anything else with this nice young woman, at all? I'm sure she did. I'm sure she did as well. (laughter) You should get that looked at some point. Three more, three more. Yes! So any black powder that you have, I would be happy to-- Help you pay for a new roof, maybe. You do. Money can help. Doesn't it, though? Oh, that's not a mustache. That's so-- ugh. Yes. That would be lovely. I think that's very fair. Vex? 250 gold, if you'd be so kind. I'm going to make you something lovely. You're welcome. And I hand it out. (laughter) Victor! Thank you, you're so kind. And if you would be so lovely as to not mention us to my friend if she should happen back. I love you, darling. Until we meet again. All of us. Until we all meet again. Always a pleasure. Ah, keep safe, and-- Keep safe. Yes. You're welcome, Internet. You're welcome. I think we need to catch up a bit. Vax, Vex, let's all have a toast to the inevitability of the universe, please. A cheers. Vex and Vax. We're having a toast to the inevitability of the cosmos. We are. I'm, I'm, I have something to say to this. I have something to say. When one is born into gentry, one is born with an innate sense of destiny. (groaning) We have been given a direction to move to actually defeat our foes. We have been given a sign, we have been given something to move for. There is an inevitability to the goodness of the universe-- There's stones that are thrown into the river. There are stones that are thrown upon the river, but the river always moves. (singing) Day-drinking! I'm not either. That would have been hilarious. Wow. Wow. I'm going to sit and watch right next to you. No coffee for me, thank you. I just want to say, I don't think the dragons stand a chance. (laughter) My god, I love other people's problems. You are very attractive. Coffee, coffee. Or four o'clock. Four o'clock. I suddenly remember to go back and open the closet. Let's go talk to Kima. 13. We'll take that one. It would be worth looking, at the very least. I get the distinct feeling we will get that chance. I think we have everything we need here. Ix-nay on the orn-hay. She's fine. Two days ago. Fire Ashari are on the way. While we charter a ship. What a perfect way to make our way quickly and efficiently. Followed by the Ashari. Followed by the airship. Gonna get smackdown. He's doing a lot of math. Well, if you want to get involved. Do something funny. Thank you, that was genius. And now you add your knife. Stop hitting yourself. Stop hitting yourself. Stop hitting yourself. Yeah, that's good. Four. Looking a little rough. You let the lightning out of the bottle. Need some d6's, man? Five, you have five of those. Yeah. Although to be fair, it doesn't matter what you roll. You've had this coming. You so had this coming.