We're cool. I don't know. Somehow no new information, yet still TMI. It might be. One last quick glance around the room to see if there's anything helpful. I hand it to her without even thinking about it. (gasps) You're a genius. I'd be very impressed if there was. You can scry? I'm going to take a quick look around, quickly, quickly. Investigation, or? It doesn't matter, that was a terrible roll. Clues, objects, I'm basically doing the standard police tumble. I'm tossing the place. I rolled a nine. Yes. Yes. Yes. Better to do that in here than outside. Secret passage? Can you find her without her knowing? Talk to her employer so they know it wasn't us. It's the place that she knows we are already. She knows exactly where we're standing anywhere we're holding the bloody gun. Not that I really was aware. I didn't know her that well. Nothing complex. She is like me. Let's head back to the tavern. We have more than one room, right? Can we leave the gun with Trinket in the other room? That's precisely why I want to leave the gun with Trinket in the other room. It's not loaded, it's all right. It's so complex to make it work, it's fine. It would be very funny, but-- We're going to leave it with Trinket in the other room for the moment, and we're going to discuss things. Leaving it under the bed with a bear in the room. I think we need to tell her employer that we are not responsible. As we were the last people to attempt to employ her, suspicion automatically falls on us, and we need to let them know immediately that it was not us. Fucking method. Bless you. I think the question is, do we tell them and see if we can enlist some help with this now or wait until after we know-- Do we get any help before we do that, though? From her employers? Figure out where she's going, what she's doing, how many of them. All these things. I'm sorry. That's what I'm worried about. I have another option. I have another option. We still have her notes. We still have her notes. It is her diary notes of how to build my gun. Her notes. Let's be safe. You've literally just grabbed my hand and are yelling into it. Do you know where she is? She's heading for an island, though. An island of glass trees. Yes. Yes. It would take way too much time. We are on a schedule. But we might be able to take them from her and perhaps even finally put her down before she puts more of those bloody things into the world. Sure. I don't-- I spent less than a week in her company in my life. I know very little about her other than-- I spent a week in her company and I spent I don't know how much time trying to track her down and all I really know is she's very smart and she is the worst person I've ever met. People don't frighten me. He doesn't frighten me. I don't even know if she wants anything. Maybe she wants nothing. Yes, very much so. I made a terrible trade. I made the wrong trade and I made a terrible decision. I know that. (laughter) Let me get this enchantment off my gun. Let's find somebody who can pull it off and put it onto something else and leave it here. And then let's run screaming to this island and see if we can catch her and if she's not there, we spend 24 hours where I will recount every desperate attempt I have made to try and kill her in the last few years of my life and then we head back and deal with the other monstrosities that are waiting for us back home. In three days. But where do you rest in the-- Also, if we can find a way to teleport to the island, if there's a way that we can. We can keep scrying. Until we see a tree. Here's the terrifying notion if you see a tree in any of your scries, can you teleport to it? So as long as she gets next to a tree-- Once she's on the island, if the island has a tree... LAURA and We're going to be looking for her. That's where I would set up shop if I were-- That is deeply assuming that it actually conveys sound, which it may not. Yeah, we're going to have to move that enchantment onto something else. I know what he wants, no. Absolutely not. He wants the green gems, and I'm not prepared to make that deal. It's not going to work. Yes. Here's the question, and this is what I've been thinking about sitting here for the last few minutes, is either way this is terrible either we don't tell them and leave town and eventually they find her and she's got strange holes in her from some strange thing that could possibly be a thing that a man with white hair who breezed through town a week ago was holding, or we go and tell them, and I cannot believe this is about to come out of my mouth, that it wasn't me, it was a one armed woman, who had-- An identical, thank you, weapon, of this one of a kind weapon that no one bloody saw. Maybe somebody did see her, and maybe they'll know where to get the gun. I am keenly aware. She's the only person who's ever gotten a good look at it. She's the only one. She won't. A lot of that was instantaneous. We did camp three or four days-- So long as we teleport we're fine. No we did not, in fact, it's worse. Let's go downstairs and talk to her employer. I'm going to leave the gun upstairs still. There's been a complication. The mistress is-- she's been assassinated. Did we bring the note with us? Good. And the cloak stolen. The cloak she wore. In her room beneath the house. We are very clever. But not clever enough to stop this. This appears to have happened possibly before we even-- we don't know when it happened. It happened a while ago. 13. We think we know who did it. In fact, we are near positive we know who did it. And we tell you this as opposed to leaving. We are desperate in finding who did this. For what it's worth, we will not draw first. We want to find her. Have any of your people seen a woman with one metal arm? She's so dangerous and now so much more dangerous. In the meantime, I'd like to at least to start to tell you what we need next, for when our story is confirmed. This woman has been tracking us. She placed a mystical tracker upon us at some point. We've just discovered it and we need to find a way to move it away and put it somewhere she does not suspect that we know that she placed it and does not see us coming when it's time for us to kill her. Yes. We believe so. Always piercing eyes. (sighs heavily) That does not make me feel good. She is so dangerous. It's going to obfuscate any of the scuffle. They're only going to find a body with holes in it. Yes. I did point this out to everybody before we came down here, but at the moment we were a little bit thrown by the dead woman. They will be able to tell the body is at least a week old. I'm so sorry. If we were smart enough to take care of her and smart enough to pull all of this off, this would be a ridiculous move. I would beg you to explain why we're having this conversation. The woman in question helped murder my entire family, took great pleasure and delight in it. I have been tracking her for years. Kill her. That's all. I've lost my taste for anything beyond that, but she is dangerous and she is evil. My feelings for her have become very complex. I don't care who kills her at this point. She just needs to be removed from the earth. I don't know what he's wearing, but it's very nice. I feel very good about that deal. Let us know what it takes. Money is money and we have a long way to go and a lot to deal with, but we are happy to pay for the work that is done. Or transportation, she's heading, she's on a boat, she's heading north to the island of-- Bay of Gifts. It's a local joke, I'm so sorry. We're not asking you, we have other friends as well. We are looking for speed, and a crazy captain. Or if you were going to go do something like this, who would you find in town? Not full disillusion, how about a transference? To move the enchantment to another object. How much longer? That's worth its weight. I know. I was going to say, if somebody wants to go booking passage on an airship, my personal feeling is that Grog and Scanlan would be the people to send on such an adventure. I'm only saying Grog because then they know what they're getting into. No! Well, yes. Would you rather sit for an hour in here or would you rather go outside and talk to somebody about a giant flying boat? I don't know, that's my opinion, personally, unless anybody else-- Our friends are going to arrange travel for us, the rest of us are going to stay here, is that appropriate? Julius, my god! I'm pregnant, Vincent. Oh, wrong one, sorry. I always thought it was the same guy. In my head. It's a sequel. Help, help, it's actually happening. No, hold out. Let's see this. Is it Abbott or Costello? I'm not sure which. Wouldn't it be, "The Meat Man goeth?" Oh well, never mind. No, this is like, the third run. Six is the double down, isn't it? Six is the double down. So roll one more die. You're never going to get a kiss. I feel a valuable lesson has finally been learned, for the first time in this game. Is he still wearing the disguise? Is he wearing the hat of disguise? So would his head not be, necessarily, where his-- I will ruin everything! I will ruin everything! I was really hoping she was going to go away. That's all. I was really hoping that she was just going to go away. Every second she's alive is untold damage to the world. Do you know how every now and then I say something awful? I love you both very much for that. When I think of that terrible person inside of me I see her face. She has a very active imagination. She knows how to make these machines, and her imagination terrifies me. If you knew that that was me, would you let me live? Has she made ten more of these things, has she made 100? Does she hand them out to people? Maybe, I don't know, maybe she's running around and torturing people's parents and siblings to death and then handing them a gun and kicking them out into the world to see what will happen because it could be funny. No, it's not. No, I'm not. I was so hoping that maybe-- Thank you. I was hoping something heavy had fallen on her from a great height, saving the world a few thousand lives. That's really what I'm hoping. That may help. She is the biggest mistake I've made, and I'm horrified by who's paid the price. I'm counting to a hundred. I'll be fine. Once we're out of here, I'll feel fine. Once that thing is off my machine I will feel fine. And I'm thinking of something else. I'm thinking of building something awful to help deal with her. I've been thinking long and hard about it. I think inevitably, anytime I think of something it might be too late. I think I'm going to be very careful about what I build. I'm going to be very careful about where it goes, and I'm also going to ask anybody, if-- when I die, destroy everything. Please. This is why I don't write down notes. Any of my sketches, they're put away, and they're put in a place where I can remove them once the job is done. But I sketch my idle thoughts, and right now I'm having an idle thought for her and it's simple, it's nothing complicated, it's just vicious. One night of sleep, I'll be there. That's a terrible thought. I know. There are things that one day I will speak of that I'm not really ready to deal with yet. But I think I may even have something that could help us with the dragons. I have a thought. I'm going to work on it on our way to the island. It will be something that once the dragons are felled I plan on destroying immediately after. And I think you'll be all right with it when you see it, it's too complicated for any one person to really deal with. But I will feel much better if she is in the ground. I do. I told you my idea of killing all the dragonborn to start a war between the dragons. That's why I don't share those ideas, I'm not proud of them. I hope not, but it could. It could make it very easy to kill a lot of people. Let's deal with Ripley. Let's collect a few more things that will help us deal with home. Let's save home. And then I will spend some good time undoing some of the damage that I've done. I should have killed her. I should have. It wasn't. I was not being kind, I was being selfish. I didn't kill her because the Briarwoods mattered more to me, even though I knew that she was far more dangerous. That if they had escaped, the world would be darker, two more vampires or whatever, but she was the genie and I knowingly and very willingly said, I'm fine with that. And I knew at that moment, this was not a thought I had later, in my head, I went, she is going to kill hundreds of people. And that's okay right now. I think I stumbled into the correct answer, I'm not sure I chose correctly. I think I got lucky. Oh, I feel absolutely responsible for inspiring a maniac, of course I do. Once I have something drawn I'll show you what it is. And I'll have something drawn by tomorrow. Something simple. That is absolutely a promise. Oh no you'll comprehend it, and it's not that I don't think you can comprehend it, I know you can, it's that I know what it says about me that I even thought it. You've been drinking. I'm sorry I'm an idiot. I'm fond of you as well. Yes, dear. Thank you. I accept that compliment. You as well, you are a better woman than you believe. Doesn't feel good, does it? There you are. That's what you get for saying things like that. Terrible person. I'm very excited, that's the best thing I've heard all day. That Captain Damon. Well done! That's amazing. I wish I could say that. Once they're here. Actually, yes, why not? I'm glad that's a thing again. I really missed that. I suddenly can hear thousands of Twitch viewers Googling. Googling like mad! All right. I have an object-- so hard to talk to that face. I have an object that I own that someone is tracking me with. They are aware of my whereabouts, they've put some kind of enchantment on it. I was wondering if I could transfer that enchantment to another object, and send it in a different direction so that they don't know that we're following them. I would even be willing, if possible, to remove part of the object that I currently own, and then replace it with something else if necessary. Can I get you a drink? Are you all right? I know. There's the mug. So I'm going to show him the gun, and I'm going to say, what do you think? And I'm going to show him where the enchantment is. We just want to know our options, sir, and time is sadly of the essence. What can you tell us about this? Yes. Can they track where we are? Shh, no. I'll tell you what. You do the work quickly, you do the work well, and you follow a few other instructions of ours, and I will not say her name out loud right now. How does that sound to you? Not anymore, we just want the enchantment destroyed. And I will not say her name, so that she will know that you do not know who she is. This is me, giving you a deal, good sir. This is me, showing you respect. And you, if you can hear me, and I get the sneaking suspicion you can, I'm not ignoring you anymore. You wouldn't happen to know where to get some construction materials on very quick notice? Oh yes, go ahead, do that. And we didn't say your name. Something simple. Does the liquid hold its potency or is it just within the tea set? Good to know. Excellent. I was imagining the FBI agent from The Frighteners, I was having a lot of that. Thank you, that was very helpful. That was very helpful. They don't know that we're coming as they don't know how we're going or why, because we have spoken all of that outside of the range of that device. They don't know any of that. All they know is that we found the enchantment and killed it. No. There will be no more melting of my property for a little while yet. I have a bit of a quick shopping list before we head out of town. I was wondering if it would be possible to gather some quick supplies, if some of your people knew where to get simple construction materials, quickly. Today. No. Yes. I need lumber, steel, lead, and a couple other things. Very simple. Just some materials. I'll show you what I'm building and I'll have you figure out the number. Loaded straight on the ship. That'll do. I'm trying to get enough construction material to build a very basic 125-pound mountable cannon that I can move around the ship on wheels, and a little bit of shot for a cannon, about five pound shot. It's simple, but it's going to be a son of a bitch. --does exist. But does something that small that can move around a ship exist? This would be something that four people could pick up and move around. A base will do, and I need to build a thing to build cannonballs. I'm good with that. 60 gold and then a little extra to make cannonballs and otherwise. Get them to deliver it to the ship and I'm sending everything to be delivered immediately to the ship. Everybody. This could be part of your problem here. It's like you've got Amazon.com on your phone and you're going, "Eh? Eh?" It's not going to work but oh, I hope it does. I'm so excited. Yes. We got it for a steal. Yes, we're a bit thinner. It has been difficult and we have friends elsewhere preparing for more difficult times. Are you aware of what's going on across the sea? Well, if you're interested, we are definitely moving towards correcting some of these problems. Quickly. Is this an insurance thing? Oh no. Yes, I'm a deep believer in insurance fraud. Of course. Tomorrow. I don't have a bracelet, but I have the pins. Were the rings up in there? Did they come back in? Ah! That's my-- I'll put it down, okay. (whispers) I feel so dirty. No. No, because I'm not going to say that-- It's not true. It's not true. I feel sick. Before-- I swear this is important. Before we say anything, we would like to take a moment to meet the rest of the crew. To make sure that nobody suspicious has snuck on board and nobody is hiding their identity. No! Good for you. Excellent. And there's no magic attempts to hide somebody's face or anything like that? And this is everybody? We're looking for a ship called The Shrew. There is another ship on the way there, as well. There may be trouble. Well, not necessarily. Every day we scry. Every day we hone in. We keep following where they're going. Even a comet wouldn't be enough. This is big. I'm going to be far away from that. Then we'll attack them in the night. The boat itself. There's work that always needs to be done. There'll be lights, unless they are hiding. This might be the best sleep that we've gotten in months, at this point. Like babies. I'm going to sit down with a pen and paper, ready to write! Let's use the gun now. Let's go nuts. It's got a lot of her work in it. Was there anything around? Could you see the island in sight? Was the sun with the island, or was the sun away from the island? Is there any way to even know that? Were they on the north side or the south side? I had a plan. I'm putting it away. Trust her. She's crazy. He's reading! He doesn't know. He's checking to see if it's a thing you can actually do. I'll also say, there's nothing a ship doesn't like more than fire. We can retrieve it from the bottom of the sea, if we have to. I don't think they're innocent crew members. I think she had help. We have ten people, 12 people? I'm hoping to take care of this before the ship even sinks. It's not like there's going to be a dozen of them out here. Once we're somewhat in the distance, fire an eyeball and get a good look at that ship. I want to see if it's a trap. You have an arrow. Are we close enough that one of her arrows can make it? Once we're close enough, you can port them down. Prepare, I'm telling the men, prepare the harpoons. It may be a trap. Prepare for a hard turn to shore if they begin to show any signs of magical attack. I tell the captain, no matter what happens, use your judgment with any man or sailor who wishes to parlay and come aboard, but if any woman attempts to come on board you do not recognize as one of us, kill her. Kill her immediately. At the very least. Check for a fake arm, and remove it. I'm trying to use the scope on my big, on Bad News to see if anything interesting is happening on the deck. Can I see the person who was firing the flares? All right. They're all below the deck? It's a trap. Let's move away from the ship. Move toward the beach. We're going to sink this ship from a distance. I tell them to turn. Turn now! Why are they down below? There's no hiding in the middle of the ocean. That's a death sentence. She's still got my gun. We are, we've got two fliers. I'm going to, I think it's time, we're going to attack them if we can with the bolts. If that's possible. Let's fire. They're going to go. I'm going to fire on the ship. Fire on the ship! Is there any way I could have gotten any of this in my scope? 14. Yes. Not cool! I'm already shaky today. Yeah, you know what, I'll use a grit to deadeye the shot, to cancel out the disadvantage. That's not bad. 24. Let me find the correct dice for this. 23 points of piercing damage. He still got a shot off, but it went wild. Vax, Keyleth, search the ship. Take anything you think might be hers. Stay with Keyleth! Check the ship! Search the ship, Keyleth. Search it. Take the captain's quarters. You can breathe underwater. Tear it apart as it's going down. Start walking to the beach, Keyleth. Get to the beach. Yes. Keyleth, can you meet up with us? At the campfire. I am having such a Robert Louis Stevenson moment right now. I'm so excited. No we did not! I cannot imagine that I might actually get four hours of sleep tonight. That's amazing.