I have not seen a picture of my brother without his. It's so adorable! Oh, he's watching right now and I just called him adorable. I feel so bad. Season two. Season two art. I have poofy arms now. I like my poofy arms. I've got little poofy arms. They're great. So much art. It's very impotent? Thank you for running with that. Don't make it too hard. (Grog voice) It's true. It's very true. Smooth. Well done. I'm kind of a big deal. That's fair. We could have them write a letter, and we can seal it and then it would be official. Governments function on paperwork. People have to take this seriously. We have money now. It depends on what we want. We can't bankrupt the treasury or anything, but I'm sure that we can dip. Don't put a number on family. That's actually a very good question. Actually, that's a really interesting idea. Is there anybody in town who could reenchant our carpet? I'm asking the Yellow Pages. We'll talk to them and see what's possible. I'm going to craft that thing that I've been wanting to craft, so that was, that we talked about. Shut up! Can I use my resolve? Goddamn it. 11. Well, I'm doing the whole kit and caboodle. Well, if I can break it up into chunks, then that will be-- taking it apart. I'm going to take it apart, I'm going to put it back together, and I'm going to add the fifth barrel. Okay. Can I give it a once-over? I hate you. The difference between those rolls are really impressive. Whoa! Okay, I'm going to point out that I just rolled my die before the game started and rolled a natural 20 on my first roll. Five. I've got all the little bits. I'm going to definitely-- I've learned my lesson. So that gives me a three and a-- That'll be funny. Oh, I also have to make some ammo for it, since it's individual ammo, so should I just roll for that? On the harpies that we own. I'm going to assume that I can use some family connections to finagle a few horses. We have an instant teleportation as a worst-case scenario. We'll actually in theory beat the letters that we sent. That's okay; we have proof. We're getting another letter. If anything goes wrong, we'll hear about it, and we can come back. We got it. He's senile and gentle; they'll be kind. At least he'll be going home to a very nice surprise. Well, we have a really big fat tree right in the town. Who taught you the phrase "bag of dicks?" Heading what? Oh god, that's right. Well, the good news is, we can let you go. You're free and clear, the Briarwoods will not be a problem anymore, and Whitestone is rather pleasant at the moment. Oh, that's right, I suppose there is the matter of testimony. But we can open the cell, at the very least. For his own protection, but that's hardly a matter anymore. Yes. All taken care of. So it's not hump day but we're not quite waiting for the weekend yet? Oh, Grog. By the way. Did you think I'd forget? Thank you. If he dies, you don't get the gold coin back. I had a really bad day. I had a really bad day. I was possessed by an evil smoke demon. She's going to try and undo some of my poor decision-making. That's a good question. I would agree. Perhaps send him, I will send him-- How about I send him with a letter making sure that he is well-employed. If people would just learn, oh never mind. I'm not sure what the price tag on a-- Yes. I'm going to make my sister pay. And I should also mention I don't have any money at the moment, so this is also-- I gave your sister all my money. I did! Well, it was a long time ago, but it was all my money. I think so. I'll do it. It's my problem, on a certain level. Well, I have some heavy lifting on my shoulders, I'll take a bit of it on now. We're here to seek an audience, and we would be more than happy to have an escort. This is an audience that the king is going to wish to take. Better. 21. We have no intention of anything funny. Later, later. It's going to be fine. Touché. I step up. I'm stepping up. I genuflect. If you would, your majesty, yes, first of all Whitestone is once again ruled by the de Rolo family. And I must also, at this point, offer our own apologies which are in order. While there was a supernatural flame of distrust in your heart, it couldn't have been ignited without the embers of our own rash judgements, and poor choices. It is difficult for men of action to necessarily pay attention to the smaller details of their world and their realities, and for this we do apologize. I wish I could say it would be the last of it, but again, it is a difficult world, and we are prone to action, and for that you have our apologies. I would also offer, my lord, that perhaps these infernal powers are attracted by your innate goodness, and that would be worth meditating upon. I am not. There is another de Rolo. The Briarwoods were sloppy in their extermination of my line and family. Cassandra de Rolo now rules, along with a-- Triumvirate, I suppose? Council of leaders pushing to build the economy once again, in that sense I'm sure they would be delighted by the opening of trade, and perhaps continuing with the plans for a bridge. Worth discussing at the very least with the new rulers of Whitestone. Your majesty, I know well the betrayal you feel, and I urge caution. This young man was an unfortunate victim of my wrath when the Briarwoods visited. He is a citizen of Whitestone, and-- I would like to have him be the official letter carrier for any-- the first set of correspondence to the new rulers of Whitecastle, so since he-- Whitestone. My god, I'm hungry. About 12. I'm coming up with this shit. It's not easy. I know. Constitution roll. (fart noise) I should also mention that my lineage has now been restored to me, and I am now of royal descent once again. And so, again, with my companions' permission, and we will discuss this in the future, but I would like to put forward the beginnings of the proper paperwork to perhaps have Greyskull Keep designated as an embassy, with all the privileges and rights that that presumes. I will confer with my peers. Desmond? The debt that I owe you is larger than coin, and is-- And it's ongoing, so if you can think of how-- what sort of trade you would like to spend your next years of life pursuing, whether it be in-- Drums it is! Drums it is. You are a terrible person. I'm a terrible person, but you're the worst. Whatever work you would wish, Desmond, is available to you. Breaking in the new year! "Look surprised!" "I've got a reddit page open behind my DM screen." I think we're perfectly well-suited for now. Since I am also gold-poor, I'm writing it into the letter to my sister that we owe money, that they are to employ him in any way he sees fit. I also made sure in the letter that they know that he is returning to Whitestone with this money, so that if he, somehow-- if it's mismanaged by any of the guards or otherwise that it will be taken care of. You guys are doing a great job, you're great, you look great, you're doing great, you're great, thank you. That went well. I know where you're going with this, you should finish the thought. Do we have the blueprints to Greyskull Keep? No, but being able to study them we might find places where-- Or he might have hidden an escape-- there might be things about our keep we don't know. We'll get the blueprints just to help. We're representatives of a foreign government. What did they want? You just really want to see Gilmore. He just has really nice hair. It's different from actually knowing things. I wanna see how this pulls together. I follow Grog. How often did he go into the Diamond Nest Tavern? Did it follow some sort of regular schedule or was it just out of the blue? I feel this has been very helpful. Grog, are you feeling all right? I'm fine. I just want to check in, to see how you're doing. The sword is a bit iffy... This is what happens when you spend time on your phone. That's not nearly as much fun. Burt Reynolds? Perhaps help him with his pitch. Grog, it doesn't mean what you think it means. He's in a cast. He's been playing with a cast the entire time. We're quite the opposite of low profile. This is my favorite thing ever. I think we obviously-- any friend of Scanlan is a friend of ours and I think if Dr. Dranzel here-- may I call you Dr. Dranzel? That has a really nice ring to it. Professor Dranzel. Dr. Dranzel, and I want to know if you're really a doctor later, but I think, perhaps, maybe there's a little tidbit of information about this that you're holding back with because-- I would understand. We're new. We don't really know each other. We're not really on that friendship level yet, but my point is, we could be friends like that. We could be-- I'm trying to see if this works. You know what I'm doing. I'm attempting Friends. I'm attempting. I get advantage on charisma rolls. Am I just rolling charisma? Oh, persuasion roll with advantage. Oh, that's nice. 23. If it's the house that I think it is, it's already been-- Pillaged. Pillaged is a good word. The rumors were not incorrect but-- Do you remember with the agon-day with our utler-bay? And this is the point where I buy you a beer. And I put the coin down. You should see if there's rooms downstairs. Team Downstairs it is. Let's all meet. No, because that would be very complicated to deal with while still being part of the political infrastructure of the city here. Done! Excuse us, lovely fellows, we have prior business. We'll be talking again very soon. I grab Keyleth and we slip behind them and into the kitchen. 14. (singing) Too many cooks! (laughter) Jethro Tull would be a great name for a Sith. LAURA and If there was a piece of advice that ever lived. Such a life lesson. I am. He made a little rainbow. They can't see it because it's off; they won't be able to see it. Celestial? Elven? We don't know what the other ones say, though. You know Primordial? Do we smell anything? What in the living-- I pull out a small note that I hold in my right hand. I hold up a beautiful elegant note that I show in my hand and put it in my breast pocket. Once he is free, then you get-- in our custody, then you get the note. I have not given him the password yet. That's good, because man, this was some bullshit. Where did he leave from? I'll take the other door. Let's find out. What did construction paper do to you? 25. I like to think that she looks both ways before attacking just to see-- Is there a grille on that door? Any kind of-- It is a solid door. Oh, no, I mean on the door that I'm next to. I'm going to hold-- I'm going to stay where I am and hold my action until I see somebody I want to shoot in the hallway. This guy's annoying. You can move. While prone. That's hot. With science. Room's kind of busy, in my opinion. Yeah, let's keep point. I'm holding. I can't take my turn now, can I? Oh, god. No. She's standing. Or I mean, she's not, but-- Oh wait! I'm gonna pull grit shot to the hands. With the new pistol. That's a 21 to hit. All right, drop it. Let me double-check. Against my? Against my DC? No, this does no damage. I don't know what my DC is. Hands, yeah. Did we-- are we going to go with that discussion we had about the torso shot, or are we dropping that for now? Dropping it for now? Totally okay. In that case, I'm just going to take two sharpshooter shots to drag him down a little bit. That's 18, 19, 20, 27 to hit. That does-- God, new gun, there we are. That's six, 22 points of damage. And that's 17 to hit. And that's 23 points of damage. And that's all she wrote. Well, we do. I want to take both of those shots, and try and graze his collarbones with both those shots. It'll heal, but he's gonna have a really hard time lifting his arms, for like the next couple months. You're lucky. It'll even heal. Oh yeah, that didn't go very well. I'm afraid you might be out of luck. Grog, tie him up! And let's get you, do you need--? And she's the nice one. I pick up the glaive also. I'll do a quick rummage of it. Very quick. I'm an idiot, so I'm going to roll a six. You've proven to be irresponsible. No, you're not. Because it's-- I know, but we took it away from you. Yes we did. We saw you find it. Let's just go. And my compliments to the chef. Good night. Can we frisk him while we're waiting? La Freeze frame!