You just Inception'd a Loot Crate ad. It's really happening. I'm excited by this. I think that's a great idea. I'm a big fan of Brian, I have a feeling that's a good bet. It was crazy. It was crazy. Do you guys just like draw weird circles? Right, okay. I was just checking. It's pronounced siggle. Yeah. Yeah, you drain Erika Ishii's blood. It's pretty great. It's a great trick. You can only do it once. Baker's dozen. You watched Galaxy Quest. You know they have the dubbed version of the alien language on the DVD? (alien noises) The whole movie, the entire movie-- You can watch it, if you're drunk enough. We're here, we're here. Jenga. Don't say her name three times, then your rolls won't come true. Monks are not in my wheelhouse. (whispering) Popcorn.  (whispering) He wants popcorn. You've got the touch. Like taiko. (low drum sounds) Two lair actions. Nice. Cobra Kai. Never dies. It couldn't hurt. Very filthy. For you to show him what you learned. (high-pitched groan) It's just a kitten going-- (mimes punching a kitten) It is technically one point. He may go down. Nine hit points? Five. We worked it out at one point. We worked out the math at one point. It's like two hit points, it's going to be a very tough kitten. Anytime. You're welcome. It was amazing. Potions or women? Bless you. I wonder what Scanlan would say if he were here right now? Yes, yes. Very asleep. Do quick shopping and then head home and look at all the things. So glad I'm not in this room. It's like if you gave him an ice cream, you see me running around on a sugar high for the rest of the day. Never gonna burn that off. Forgot the ears. Thank you. You should probably pass that, I think. No, I don't walk by. I just-- I'm amazed that no one remembers that we can hear everything over these earpieces. Carry on, carry on. (all laugh) Community theater. Wow. We went there. Yes. Of course it has one. Do I happen to know where it is, or do I not? I feel like it would be the sort of thing that would have just existed for fuck all ever. Thank you. Would I possibly know this? I don't even know if I would know this. A history check? That's so-- okay. A natural twenty. Yeah. That's a natural twenty, with my history is-- -- is a 30. That's a 30. Okay. There's a pancake brunch. I'm honestly not sure, Grog. I really have to think about it. I don't know if such a thing exists. That's good to know. That's good to know. Excellent. I wonder if he's awake yet. Pudding. Pudding. We've had people taking care of that. There's seven children in this family, I think they're used to some tomfoolery. I have no idea. They lick them apparently. You missed all the fun. And the dragon is very dead. Very, very dead. That was me. Worse, family. And for fuck's sake, sir, I will say I died in that fight too. No. And let me tell you something. Whatever lie you were trying to feed your daughter out there about the man she thought you might be, that you just thought you could tell her and then she would walk away and never actually meet you or get to know you. So that maybe she would never see what a shit you can be. And you can be a shit. That fucking girl out there is a shit too. She's a miserable, lying shit. And for fuck's sake, the thing that brought her back here was the things about you that you don't like about yourself. And don't think that they don't count, either. You're a shitty person, we know! That's not the fucking point. The point is for just one moment-- one moment-- once in a blue bloody moon... You come through in a way that others can't. And you do it, and we love you for it, and you are worthwhile, there's a reason we just nearly went mad trying to bring you back. And it was not pity. And we didn't bring her-- we brought her here so that maybe she would snap you out of wherever the fuck you were going to. And I know you're not out of there yet, I've been where you are and I know it's shit. And I would really recommend, as somebody who misses an awful lot of people, that you are honest with that girl and maybe discover that she actually likes you. As a person. Because you are actually likeable as a person! I know, it's coming out of my mouth. I can feel the shit from it but it's true. And for fuck's sake, get to know her and stop making false promises that you can protect her, and you'll always be there. 'Cause you can't and you won't. No one can. And you're fucking lying! And it's sick. Be a man. Be a man. I've seen you be a man, I know you can fucking do it. And when you're done with that, and we will leave you with that fucking shit girl, I would like you to look up my parents' name. You can find it on every fifth hallway in this fucking city. And then I'm out. Mm-hm. I give her a big hug, a kiss on the forehead-- (makes an air kissing noise) I'm around the corner, up on the-- I'm outside of-- If you went far enough, you'd see me. Hi. Yeah. 'Course. I'm torn. I don't know if he'd like that. I don't know if I do, either. I keep thinking, I could just shout right now and half a dozen guards would stop them. Well, what's half a dozen dead guards these days? There's tale of a brothel in the west end of Whitestone. I don't know if it still exists but I'm sure if you go drinking in that area, you might find something. Sorry. When you're in the mood. Grog. I know we don't always agree, and I know that I can be unkind but... you know you're family, right? It's nice having an older brother again. Way to paint a tableau. I think 'crying in your pudding' is actually a British saying.  Oh, I'm not there. It's like a Black Mirror episode This is awkward. We know. That was weird. Good morning. Worked. Well... I think we all have our ways of coping. Just some sketches. There's no cake. There are people for that. Oh hey, I've got all my hit dice back. That's nice. Well, as far as I know we have three things still on our plate. We've got a hand. We've got the ashari, and we've got a demon. I run to the kitchen. I put together something that is not quite, but probably a hot sauce, with half a raw egg, and shot of something that is quite possibly but not quite some sort of fantasy variant of tequila. Swirl it all up. This is a thing. Yeah, just get it down, just get it down. Don't look at it. I was kidding. You shouldn't actually drink that. Can I get a roll damage? (all laugh) Yes. You're welcome. Let's take a quick look at what we got from the cave. We found this. Be careful, it was with Raishan. Several things have died on top of it. What do you recommend we do with this book? Going to vault that for the moment. Not anyone in this room, is what he's saying. I say hand. It's simple, to the point. And we can find the ashari on the way back. Jet lag. Tree lag. I'm, for the record, not wearing the cloak when we do this. And just for the record, I know I'll get yelled at for twitter on this. I have informed my sister where I'm going and what's going on. Not just going willy-nilly. The Daring Trial and Tribulations of Tary Darrington. It feels weird. New dad is wearing old dad's skin, and trying to do an impression of him and-- Tell us about the LootCrate, Sam! Tell us about the LootCrate. Ah! Mother lied. Ah. Dick. I'm just saying, look, it's not like we don't have business right now. You seem... what does he seem like? You seem like a person, and that's great. I'm trying not to judge at the moment, and-- I know. I've had a bad day. I take it back, I like him. And I just hex into the shadows. Right. One moment, sir. Huddle. None taken. (all laugh) Yes, that's my thought. I'm not going to pretend I'm not mildly entertained by the distraction at the very least. We just have to drop off a hand. Do you want credit for dropping off a hand? We also could report in to a certain dragon about things that have happened. Let's just-- Very proud of you Grog. C'mon then. Vex, let's let the money tag along. It'll be fine. Did he flip the coin at her? I was thinking of intercepting it anyway so-- Yeah, I have Gloves of Missile Snaring. I intercept it. I'm not saying I can't be bought-- Let's get the hand to its final destination. (sighs) Unbelievable! Yes, he was, he has it all-- I love that-- I wish that everyone could see that the crew is in utter revolt behind us right now. And they've all got nerf guns! You're tearing this family apart!