Why did you have those notes with you? (groans) Okay. (laughter) Is that true? We all deserve it. We know we do. That was terrible. I have a thing called Resolve and I have one usage of it left. May I use it? Okay. That's double. Eight. I'm so excited. So do we have a straight piece of missing time? Are we still waiting to go to the Feywild? How long does this spell take? I did, but I feel fine now. You're a terrible liar. (laughs) What are you talking about? I did what? Can someone who can't successfully lie to me please explain to me what's going on? How do you know about the Grey Hunt? Is it written on a piece of paper? This is how I know you're lying, because if I had written that down, you wouldn't have thrown it away. That's ridiculous. I feel funny. I don't know-- for the sake of actual sanity, does she actually have the piece of paper that he wrote down? I did, I wrote it down for her and handed to her. It's got like fur. And some like-- I don't know what's so funny about that either. I don't remember any of that. It's fine. I'm happy to commit to this. Why? What hap--? What? This is so exciting. I've never seen him laugh like that before. I don't want to. Well, that's getting giffed. Okay, yeah. Oh, and I'm out of Resolve. Wow, eight. The best crystal meth! The finest crystal meth in Christendom. Ten minutes. And Grand Mistress of the Grey Hunt. It's not remembering. He's going to be making it up. I'm not actually going to remember it, he's going to lie. You don't have time to have this conversation. This is happening right now. This isn't happening. Fuck with me. I'm so excited. And by remember meaning whatever you explain. Very uncomfortable, all right. But no, that was tension. Okay, yes. Oh my. Wait, that was-- we were-- but there was-- you shouldn't, no! Yes! I did do this. Yes. I do, and we will never discuss why again, but yes, I did do this, and I'm so glad I wrote it down correctly because that was very embarrassing. I'll have this approved. Yes, well, I'm going to make sure I have to-- of course inform-- Yes. I, apparently, am missing an awful lot of time. But this did happen. Yes, okay. Oh, that kind of bow. Really? You promise? Oh god! Did we get alcohol? Did someone give us alcohol? Damn. Yeah, but it won't be fairy alcohol, but I know. How long have we been gone for? I'm going to go file this and I'll meet you in a moment. Here. I'm going to make sure that that's finalized with the correct spelling. Strange. Suddenly, I am hungry. Are you suddenly hungry? We should eat something. I could use a carafe of wine. Holy Jesus. I'm going to check my pockets for anything interesting. My sketchbook, yes, what about it? Oh my god! I did! This is so weird. This'll do. No, no, this and liquor will do. Honest statue of a hog. It's an honest statue of a hog. Six hours. Don't teach him how to say it in Elvish. He understands Common, that's fair. Let's hold off on the dog. It tastes like Saturday, certainly. Excellent. She will. Let's clean up and head in that direction, I'd imagine. Yes. I hadn't even noticed, actually. We were successful. I will let the others fill you in with some details, although I do-- and I'm going to double check, and I'm going to find the brief letter explaining what I've set up with Vex, although it will not have any of the reason why, but it will have at least the nature of what's been done. And we have acquired, well, Vex. Vex'ahlia, if you would. I appreciate your kind generosity. We'll see, yes. That might be complicated, but yes. What is eastward? We don't know where they've been sent. We don't know why. We need to find out where they're going. No, of course. Just making a list. That's a card we no longer have. We must be careful. We cannot let Whitestone be discovered. We can't fit everybody. Hold. 23. Hold. Pick them up. Keep running until the moment they can't. Wait! This is my home. Wait. Keep moving. Spread out. Keep moving. Find a position. If I'm towards the front, I'm moving everyone towards the house where we made the tunnel that goes underneath the Sun Tree. What are you going to write? What are you going to write? Alert everyone you see. Tell them to get underground. Tell them to be silent. Thank you. Find everyone. Tell them, silence. We still have the cavern we built underground. Start making it larger. Under the tree. More people. There's the inn that was broken. It's got an entrance. They either go there or they go underneath the castle. She's making it bigger. Other way, other way! It's funnier that way. I was about to say, you have an Ashley app. That's so adorable. Of course it's not, but yes, definitely let them out. We'll have to make it more secure and safer. I'm not losing it. No, because it doesn't matter. It's there anyway. Seven days, ten minutes. Oh! But do I remember having the fake memory? Or do I not remember having a fake memory? Yes. I give her a big hug. I'm so tired. I'm sorry. I'm going to sit down. They'll give you a headache. Thank you. Shut up. Thank you. I know where you sleep. People work for me. What direction were the wyverns travelling, were they travelling back? Or were they travelling along-- But they originated in the west, and they are currently travelling southeast? Which is to the east. No it's-- Draconia is to the southeast. Why do I know that? Yeah, it is. It's over here. Are they going back? That we know of. That's right. The werewolves could be called upon. You would think. It's not as ridiculous as you think. Whatever remnants of Draconia perhaps? They would not answer our call but if someone has relations with the Clasp, they are always an option for manpower. This is very true. Don't mention that Vex flies. There are options but we need to discuss what happened today. This changes some things. You're mad. We need defense. This is not a site of a victory, this is a site of our end. We need bunkers. I'll discuss a warning system to get people underground. We hope. Putting the word out that we're other places than we are. Putting the sound-- They know we did it. Maybe the army's going to head to-- no, we could be so lucky if it was on its way to attack it. I feel like there should be trading cards. We were hoping to distract them. We did sign the card. I don't think they know where we are. I think they know when we travel, I just don't think they know where we are. He did not know our name, but he has seen us. Here. We probably do. We should assume we have a leak. Is he Shaun now? I would assume that there's nothing we say that they don't know at this point. Perhaps we should not have... assumed. Ironically when we played the game at home this is exactly what we'd do. I think we talk and drink. I'm involved in this. This is exciting. Pour one for the landlord as well. He's letting us drink our wine in his room. Terrible dangerous places you should never go are practically our middle name. She's got a very fair point. Yes. Are any of the Vestiges in Wildemount? Ironically is somewhere else entirely. Before we even think of this, we should see what we're-- I don't think we're going to collect all of the Vestiges. We should see what other Vestiges we think are going to be helpful. I think that we've been thinking about this the wrong way. I think that we've been treating this as a battle. And we have to start treating this like a war, which is a very different creature. We are absolutely not. We need to reinforce this city not as a final stand, but as a place where there might be survivors. Because if they come here, there's no battle to be fought. It's just a loss. I would like to talk to some of the magic users about installing some sort of-- or perhaps helping me install a non-magical dragon raid signal so that the population knows to be quiet, and knows to quietly go underground. In the event of the next fly-by. Would triggering it possibly alert them to our existence? Does it make holding up the shield-- I would like to put it to use. We're at war. We're not going to move it. I want to put the private council table in the room with it. So no glamor will survive, no magic will survive, no trick can be allowed. That's probably a bad sign, but thank you. We should move quickly. We should pick a couple of Vestiges and move quickly, collect them. Start finding more allies, move quickly. But we should not dally too long. Could Cabal's Ruin-- It's Cabal's Ruin, correct? We're going to search for Cabal's Ruin. We don't have time. I will feel better with one or two more Vestiges in our pocket. We got lucky. I think it's a great idea worth exploring. We're drunk, we will talk about you in third person as much as we want. We figured you would speak up if you had issue. I think if there's a dragon sitting on top of them, removing people from him is-- Grog, I think you're thinking of a battle we can win, as opposed to a war we're losing. We can help them by killing the dragon. Vax is agreeing with me. What is the white dragon going to do-- I think an opportunity's being tabled briefly. I don't think this is nearly as time sensitive. Well, we could start it. It's also something other people can do while we do other things. Well, there are other ways to do it. In traditional warfare, you can do things like cause damage to the property of one dragon and leave scant evidence that the other dragon, or one of the dragon's people, was somehow responsible. Have a raiding, somehow get wyverns to raid near-- Yes. It's the easiest level. If the white dragon is a hunter, the easiest way to incite damage is to sneak into the city and start mauling and killing Draconians that are left over, and just leaving bodies everywhere that he wasn't responsible for. That is the sort of decisions we're going to start having to make. I think this is a conversation that can continue through Marquet. I don't think we're going to come up with the best idea tonight. A reasonable and astute observation, yes. Let's pick a dragon. There is a thought. This is a very good idea. You've got a very good idea. We need to know what pushes the reset button. Why am I speaking in video game metaphor? Nothing. Drink. Not statues. Idols. Small images of the white dragon for worship. Start hiding them in places. If we start seeding them, especially in Emon, as if he is trying to get people to worship him in other cities as well, silently, quietly underneath-- We just have to make sure that we don't use the stone from here. And this will piss him off. And if he says what are you doing, I don't know anything about this. I like it. Little shrines, hidden in ruins. I still will admit that Cabal's Ruin is one of the Vestiges I feel would be-- and not just because I would like to use it. So we could do a triple. And that's very important, because we need them on our side. Ozmit Sea, so it's over here. Actually, this world is shaped like a d20, so we're on the flat part at the five. Let other people do that. I don't know why everyone's so excited about the notion of pissing off the dragons to the point at which they all come here, but it is a way to go. They know we're here. We have to make sure that we can get out immediately, and we also have to agree that if things start looking too iffy, we run. We could look like lizard people, and it would trick anybody who wasn't a dragon. And if the dragon came, we would be fucked. That would be the end. That would be game over. I'm going to go on record as saying I do not think this is the right move. Will help us. Getting three more Vestiges, two more Vestiges, just a little bit more power before starting to play chess again. There's an ancient dwarven saying, and I'm trying to remember where I heard it, but it goes somewhere along the lines of, it's never a three-hour tour. That's my fear. Your mind is a grandfather clock, you know that. It's correct twice a day, easily. Thank you. This is not going to be a fight of 13 people. They're going to be wondering who we are, first off. We're not going to be able to disrupt communication. No. Tightening up. We're going to go. What are we going for? But it means this is not a one-day, this is a three-day mission. We teleport to the black dragon's lair, we sleep overnight, teleport in, teleport out. And then sleep overnight, teleport either to Whitestone or to Marquet. And risk a very reasonable reason that they would know where we are. We need to sleep anyway, because we're exhausted. That is so astute. It's 1200. My god, he had a thought. I disagree. I think the next time they come to attack and kill us, it will be vacated. I agree. I legitimately agree. We do have to sleep, regardless. There's no getting around sleep. We can't actually get there right now. They were heading southeast. So they're probably heading back home. They thought that we might be here, and they took a quick look around, which is why I don't want to make any more noise around here. I'm going to go to the barkeep. Is there a civilian waitress? There's no barmaid at all? They're shooting mittens, and you're so uncouth. Never mind. This is what I get for trying to be nice to anybody. I've learned my lesson. We'll sleep for now. We'll wake up in the morning, and we'll either go in one direction or the other. That's so not true. We came up with a lot. We just have to sleep and then make a decision based on what the world looks like in the morning. That cloak sounds useful. As a side, I want to grab Vex for a quick walk on the way to the castle. I want to go by the cemetery. Has it been worked on, by the way? I suppose I'll find out. Vax. Vax. I've been drinking. I've not even been drinking, I've been pretend drinking. I have something to show you. You'll like it. Well, I don't know if you'll like it. I don't know what you like. I'm going to take him to the cemetery, to the crypt. The title I gave your sister doesn't come with much, but it does come with one, at the moment, tiny plot of land, on which a crypt sits. This was the resting place of the father and grandfather and assorted family members of the man you killed the first night we came here. No. I want something else to live in a mausoleum. This is actually for you. Open it. I go and I light the two little torches on the side. This is very traditional, and it should open. Do you trust me? Good answer. I'll go in first. I figured it would be a good idea. I've had my fill of gods, but I'm not so foolish to think that we do not need them still. This is here when you need it. Me, too. I do not want to die who I am. I would like to live long enough to be someone else. I think you understand that. I've been encouraging it. Good. I certainly do not deserve it yet. I don't know if I ever will. But I can't think of anything else to do with my time on earth right now, other than... this. I am finished with gods. They will not help me. Maybe you will. Yes? I've always liked you, too. Thank you. It's the open spaces where I suffer. The tight spots, I feel very good about. It's the open spaces. This is a very tight spot. Yes? I know. Do you know why I titled your sister? She thought she was missing something that-- and I use this term loosely-- ordinary people... We have a magic we use, to convince people that we deserve the things we get, those of us who were born this way. It was treating her unfairly and limiting her ability to see her world for what it was worth, and it was a simple and easy fix. She is going to wake up one morning-- not yet, but soon-- and realize that money will not make her happy, and that trying to please that awful father will not make her happy. The first step in that is realizing that he's weak, and there's no better way to do that than being better titled than your parents. I know. But you are not her. And I'm not saying it's the truth, but it is what I believe is in her heart. I think perhaps that might lift. I will never hurt her. I will never hurt anybody intentionally, especially not you, any more than I already have. In return, I ask never take your eyes off me. Never trust me. And that is the best friend that you can be. You can like me. I would love that. And in fact, I hope that I can earn your like. I just never want to earn your trust. A gentle title will suit your sister well. I'm leaving. Not chicken. The thick, single-slab bacon. The rain is good. It will mean that they'll have an easier time figuring out the water level while they're digging out beneath the Sun Tree and making sure that it's secure. I love this weather. An attempt at an object of power or an attempt at friends in power? Draconia has friends in power. (long sigh) That is true. We haven't heard anything, but that is true. I personally would assume that Tiberius would either be on his way to one of the two cities, if he were so inclined. And if he had survived. And if he wasn't working in the city itself to keep it functioning. And again, we're at war. This is not a battle. We do not win by going to Draconia. We do not win by going to Marquet. We win months from now. No! I'm making perfect sense. Breakfast needs things to live. (laughter) I'm all right with a vote. Hold on, let's see if Ashley texts in the next ten minutes. I have it. I have it right here. Yeah. One or 20. Ready? Yes. It's flipped! There's only two! It's a coin! And any other number, we stay home. We're going to Draconia, and we're going to see if we could find Tiberius. I think we should go as Draconians. I think that's a better plan. We don't have to teleport to the middle of nowhere. Well, we do need to get farther away from here. Is there any way to get farther away from where we are right now before we-- Well, as long as we commit to 24 hours in Draconia no matter what. I think 72 hours is a perfectly reasonable amount of time to dedicate to this prospect. I have a compromise. Let's scry from the giant's cave outside the city. Couple of hours to get there. It's fine. It's nine. It's seven-- It's 3am! Why are we awake? We get far enough outside of the city so at the very least-- We may end up somewhere random. I think that's underestimating, or overestimating-- I don't know. It's a coin flip, really. He's small. Go for it, then. See what happens. A person or a creature, not a place? Can it be a magic object? Start with the stone. I think we should call it rock. The Rock. Start with Tiberius. We'll work our way down. No, you did wonderfully. That can mean a lot of things. Or Lockheed? Not necessarily. How many times have we found stray cats? That would be who I would kill if I were taking over the city. I do. Grog first. We don't want to be around any civilization. And also, that's one more spell gone. It's true. There's only risk at this point. Is this the risk we make or is this not the risk we make. Grog? Only so that we can ignore it. With the new data, how do you feel? No! Why would you do that?! No, that's a good idea. We're going to rappel. Yes. Six seconds. We're all going to hold on to the rope and we all go. This is a terrible plan. I want to go on record for saying I was against this plan-- He could have. They weren't that far off. But to be fair, this is what a plan is, is everything going wrong. So I'm all right with doing this, if we're doing this. Vex, we're going to have the greatest I-told-you-so if we survive this. No, we're going to need every spell we need in there. No, you're the weight that's going to hold the rope down, you're going first. I'm holding on the rope, because I'm an idiot. I hate you all. 20. I'm going to let that happen. Hit your head in the fall. I'm going to look around and see if there's a direction in which it seems there's civilization or any signs of battle or otherwise. 16. Clever. We could just keep our eyes open. Let's not be fleshy. If we're lizard people, Draconians will not trust us. Shaky dance. (laughter) Is there anything you're not good at? Don't think that hard. Never mind. Draconians. They won't actually be tails. That might actually get us in trouble. We're moving towards the epicenter. I would like to join that insight check. Nine. They look like they're in use? I'm cowering. Wow! I think he assumed. I think this is actually going far better than I had hoped. Oh, that's lovely. That was our hope, that we would be able to come here when it was at its weakest and get a sense of it. Do you know what I like as much as whispers? Loot Crate. Loot Crate doesn't decide to just tell one person about what's going on. They let everyone know, not just Vex. There's more than one dragon, and they are supporting each other. We want to make the means to make sure that when the time comes, we can destroy them all in one fell swoop. He is not the strongest. Everywhere. We can answer the continent. Set up a situation where we can monitor you and possibly contact you when it's time, and even let you know if we think the dragon's about to leave, so that you can prepare. Yes, it was. Natural 20. No, I put the golden snitch away for the evening. If all goes well, we will have one more conversation. I do have one other question The bodies on the spikes. How did that happen? What was that? Thank you. I'm going to join you on that. Natural 20. You both saw that, right? That just fucking happened. This is not my normal die. This is something I bought at Comic Con. Sumerian, you asshole. I'm bringing a shrine to Burning Man, by the way. Bless you for knowing a Sumerian deity. Are there other perches? Does this seem like the only thing, or would there be other sentry points, as well? So we have a really good vantage right now. Do we see the orb? Do we see an orb? There we go. See? That wasn't great. 11. We don't actually know his voice. And draw it to a certain spot? With our... I get a distinct impression that it is not impressed by ice. Do they speak Common? Let's make a plan. Okay, and then we go home and the dragons are at war. Then what? Yes, and now is not that point. What we are going to need is we need to sneak you in there, and we need you to take a movement. We're not near the orb. We're near the Draconians, aren't we? TRAVIS and We know a lot already. Scanlan, why would you bother to pretend to be a beast? If he just finds you, he'll hunt you and kill you. We've made allies. We've got a look at everything. We know the terrain, and we know the political terrain. I will also add that we can leave them with something. How about a small grove of trees? It's all right. No, I've got a better idea. Once we've gathered some resources, when we return, we prepare to attack post-hunt. Once it has exhausted itself on something large and angry, that is when we strike the dragon. When we come back, we stay until it's time. When we come back, it is to end this. With the trees, we will know how to return quickly with a force. With a little bit of information, we could even keep them informed of things for it to kill that they may find around here, with the Slayer's Take's help. We can keep you in supply of things to amuse it. We are sorry that this cannot end as quickly as would be agreeable. We can do our best to help make you comfortable, and if you need some proof of the power that we wield, we can offer a token. I have a thought. But if you wish, a token of our power. We can send a beast before, perhaps, but our travel is long. We may need more time. We have two more continents. Two weeks. Continents. Further than you have walked in your life. We move quickly, but there is only so much that can be done. No. We plant one tree. No, we have to plant some trees. Find a place that is secret. Let's find a place. This will be where we leave, anyway. No, we're about to run. I do have a request on our way out. Would the dragon notice if any of these bodies were disturbed? Pull that one down, then. Thank you. (sighs) It is exactly what I expect, I would assume. I look it over. I check. Let's bring him inside, at least. I don't know. The remnants of the library, perhaps. The ground's too hard to bury. No. We absolutely cannot. He was. No, I checked. Unless he's very clever and very keen, and I don't think they are. I think that if they knew, he would be in a more exalted position of defacement. I think this is just slaughter. Things vanish. I'm all right with making this vanish. That's as much of a calling card as I feel we need to leave. I have a thought. We're not bringing him to us. We're leaving him here, but we're putting him somewhere appropriate. Put him with the books. This will do. Can you seal it? I'm going to find Tooma. Is she behind us? Hopefully, this war will go on schedule. But there's our promise. That's the best you're going to get. I head out. Yes, let's. There's much to do. We let them know where the grove would be found, before we left them. At the top. A little grove of trees. We'll report what we've seen. We'll try to gain our bearings again, get sleep tonight. We'll report what we've seen in the new room. No one else. And we will never utter this city's name outside these walls again. Glad we decided to take a light-hearted game.