Hi! Ugh, my product! It's going to be a Halloween treat. War harder. Apparently not. They could've been, though. I was nodding like, yeah, Verdant Lightning. I have that. (German accent) We'll be doing these accents-- Register! My voting center actually has a tank out front that's a National Guard center that we play on the tank. There'll be a picture of me with a tank later. Yeah, it's nice. I think, perhaps, if I may be so bold as to tidy up what Keyleth is trying to drive home here, is that for all intents and purposes from this side of the table, you strike me as a desperate creature who's pretending that he has a choice to be here and has brought-- she, excuse me. That is another conversation. You've brought very little to the table. We are not impressed with your notions that somehow we can work together. You need us, and this is all you bring? (scoffs) Where is Asum? Where is Asum? Let's stop pretending you have a choice here. I'm comfortable with that being a conversation that happens later. Before we would consider any terms, we would need the white dragon removed from the playing field. Really, this is a conversation about whether or not we wait to try and kill you until before or after the Cinder King. That's fair, I think. Oh, we know. It is. I'm not Keyleth. Your threats, they won't bend me, because I believe you. I believe that you would rend this entire city asunder. That's why I'm at the table. I am conscious of where we are, I'm conscious of who you are, and I'm conscious of what you need. I'm just trying to make sure that everybody's clear that the minute that red dragon dies, all bets are off. You know it as well as I do. And you should be wary, because only one side of this table is underestimating the other. Thank you, Grog. One step at a time. White dragon. How willing do you feel to be a participant in his demise? Get your hands dirty. Well, I assume once he's dead, either you'll turn on us or you'll run away. Either way works for me. No, I want a dead dragon. Yes, Grog? Once the white dragon's off the board, then we will hammer out whatever promises can be made, but until then, there's just many players on the field to say one way or another. It must be so humiliating for you that you need to turn to us for help. You do have my pity in that regard. It's the chicken soup of Dungeons and Dragons. You don't have to. Is it two days until the white dragon? Of course. If he did find out he was here, it would be very easy to turn the two of them against each other. It is of great consolation. In fact, I would go so far as to say that I am willing to say that these talks will continue post the destruction of the white dragon, so long as these talks take place in Whitestone. We'll have enough. And if there is no Whitestone to hold talks in, there will be no talks. He is correct. I'm really enjoying that. Also, they could've avoided it entirely and waited for us to go to Draconia, as opposed to having someone come by to remind us that we were going to Draconia in the first place. It seems like an awful lot of work. Honestly? Because it would damage the castle. I don't recommend lists. The only reason I'm stopping you from doing this-- and I swear this is the truth-- is because this is my home. There would be nothing left. You will join us in the fight against the white dragon. Nope, that's not the deal. We will consider your offer once the white dragon is dead, not a minute before. This is everything of a negotiation, you fool. Your life! A cure to yourself. Your desperation is so obvious. Would you like to see it? Have you? Of course he-- One dead white dragon and then-- One dead white dragon, and then the negotiations continue. We will speak to no one of what you truly are, although we may caution others that we're looking a bit sideways at Seeker Asum. That's also fair. Whitestone will not fall. If Whitestone falls, all deals are off. If Whitestone is attacked, all deals are off. You keep it off the radar. That'll do. Do you never go into my room? Do you never look at what I'm working on? Thus also exposing the city. We will be attacked. That will be the end of Whitestone. I guarantee you, the complete lack of satisfaction that you feel when she's finally dead will be just as potent two days from now. No, I'm going to disagree. I think that everything that she said is the truth, and I think that she's not saying an awful lot more. Deception is far less interesting if you're not telling the truth all the time, and I think she's telling a lot of truth, just not nearly all of it. They're far more tricky than simple lies, and I think that we've heard an awful lot of truth. So yes, I'm willing to work with what we have. I believe we're all on the same page. Yes, we agree. I'm in this far. Okay, we've gone far enough off the track. Okay, reeling it back. We will reconvene tomorrow for battle. Plan for travel. Tomorrow morning to arrange travel and the battle plan towards-- No. That she hasn't already creeped into? Let's be fair. I'm not changing the status of the castle. She has the same status she had before, there's no sense in changing them. Thank you, Captain Kirk. I'm content with this. Thank you. See you tomorrow. While you're whispering, Sam's got another rap for you. Hey-o. The feather shirt really adds the whole-- (laughter) Downstairs, to the real room. To the real room, downstairs. Downstairs, to the real room. Do not! Absolutely do not think that's a good idea. We're really not. I know how hard that was. I know. And I wish I could say I did as well as you did, when it was my turn. We can't spy on her. Well, we can spy on her, but we have to be careful. We shouldn't spy on her when she's speaking to Thordak because Thordak might see it, which would mean that plan or no plan, everything would be ruined. And then if I were her, I would destroy this city and all of us as quickly as possible and run. That's true. Yes. It could. It also, and this is a third option. (sighs) Thordak could have tasked her with bringing us to him in a way that he feels comfortable with, and only then will he cure her. I believe he holds the cure as sway. Which means that we do have an ally for defeating the white dragon. SAM and Well, if the opportunity presents itself. If the opportunity presents itself to kill her there, in a way that is fitting and where we have advantage, then yes. In Draconia. Which is highly possible. Sometimes we can notice, but often-- The other thing that can happen is we can set different forms of attack when we finally go against Thordak so that we have our mode of entry and the way that we are going to be moving that attack forward and make sure we have secondary lines of attack that she will have no knowledge of, that we will keep separated from her. A bit. But not a lot. There's just not enough time. That we know of. It's a good start. It's brazen. I like it. There's no easy way to do this. Can I make a history check? There's no defeating a barista. Not history, it'd be religion? One day, there will be a creature whose name we don't make fun of. LIAM and We are the Peter Parker of this game. We walk around mocking things. There's like this seventh ring of hell where they're all hanging out going, "And then "they called me Purvan." "I was named after my grandfather, man." I'll send one of the guards to go bring her in. Do we have a library to consult? I think it's a great idea. The worst thing that happens is it's going to have to fight two dragons. We have its name. They can't all be dragons! Does the little black orb absorb that? And suddenly the demon-portal-hell opens. "Oh, that's all it took!" (laughter) I'm going to go research. But we do have priests. We have two priests. You could also always pray to the Raven Queen. I did. Yeah, a 20's a 20. Investigation? 21, after that minus three. But this is a natural 20. Well, that's intimidating. Yes. I think the dragon will be pleased. I'm fine either way. It's very helpful. Whoever survives-- We both go out the door at the same time. Please-- I've a few things I think we should do. First, I think we should brew some tea and not drink it. No, just to have some poison. Maybe we'll make it in the morning. I was actually thinking if we had a bit of poison and if we could get it into the system of one of the larger creatures at some point. A big pot of poison, maybe. Raishan's not going to drink tea and die. Yeah, I want to go downstairs, and I want to see if Grog will give me all of the guns to go upstairs and look at our giant cache of guns that we suddenly have. MARISHA and What are the actual chances that he will even know how to operate it? I'm not talking to either of you. I'm talking to the powers that be. Don't do that at home, kids. Just don't do that. Oh good! We need to go through the guns, we need to see what we have, we need to clean them up. I've got a plan. I do. I need to clean up the guns. You do. That's right; you were very clever. I have a book. It's a very nice book. No! No, I have a cloak. Would you like a cloak? The guns. I thought we were making a trade here. All right, do you want a cloak, then? No, I've just got a cloak. (laughter) It looks smashing, and it's quite warm. Yes, it is a cloak of smashing. I'll need them all. No, I need them all. I really don't have anything else. Well, no. I need to clean-- (chuckles) I sort of need those glasses-- Yes. Is everybody here? Is everybody watching us? I don't trust him, either. I did have siblings; I'm aware of how this happens. Four. I need the glasses because I can't see things that are up close. I can see things that are far away perfectly fine. I don't know. He also has Ripley's gun? Why don't we come inside so I can explain to you my plan so that you can feel good-- I have a title. I can title you. Would you like a title? All right, I will title you if you give me everything that I need. I need all the ammunition, all the guns, especially the complicated guns. I'm going to need everything. All right. No, plate armor and greatsword are completely up to you. Grand Poobah de Doink of All of This and That. Of All of This and That. It comes with no money and no land, but it is a title. No it's "Hey you, over there." "Hey, you guy." "Sweet chestnut." Oh, yes. They're used in very different ways. Okay, or the shortened versions thereof. You will enjoy them. I'm sure we will all enjoy them. Didn't even bother to insight check, did you? That's great. That makes me so happy. I'd actually have to teach you how to use it, you are aware of that? Maybe we'll have that conversation. I'm going to take a look at their various levels of repair. I want to take a look at how they look, how many of them need work, how many of them are at least functional. I'm going to do this not in private, but I'm going to be, then I want to look at Ripley's gun. Oh my god, really? This is mean. I missed everything. I'll watch it on the preview because this is a-- Now I'm aware. Okay, I'm going to do my best to clean and work on these guns tonight, and at some point, I'm going to send a guard to find Vax. Good man. Oh, good. It's you. Not at all. I was actually hoping you would stop in. Mostly break, quite successfully. I assume it was vague and unhelpful? Excellent! You're welcome. (sighs) I'm terrified, but other than that, I think I'm good. I would assume it was the sphinx that was guarding her treasure. Oh! You should take a look at this. And I point at the open book with the picture. Look what we have. That is our friend. My door's open. I'm in my thing, but it's open, and I've already sent people to send for-- Yes, and if all goes well, which it never does, that will be fighting the white dragon, and possibly the green dragon. And one of the two of them will kill the other, and then we swoop in and clean up what's left. I know. I understand; I feel the same way. It's probably not going to work. It's probably going to go terribly. I think it might work. I'm feeling good about that. No-- yes, that is something in a jar. It's not a brain, though. Call for a guard. There's one literally down the hall. No, I see what you're getting at. This is luring her away somewhere. She'll spend some power. I think the ceiling would give. How? I think far away on another continent is a great idea. I'm happy just to take her. She's going to follow us already. It depends. If I needed them, I would put myself in a position of safety, make myself useful, and then make sure I was back somewhere where they would not attack me as quickly as possible. If I didn't need them, I would turn on them immediately after the fight. If we die, her plan foils. If we do not feel she put in enough effort, her plan also foils. My feeling is use your treachery-- Where are we? We're in my shop right now? Okay. We go through with it. We made an agreement. I say we honor it until such point as it is deeply inconvenient. Vax, your boy. Your boy. I'm thinking of creating a company of shot for the castle with these guns. Do you think that would be a position that would suit him? Guards that would be forbidden from carrying these weapons outside the walls of the castle itself, and would arm the parapets if there was an attack from a dragon. Hopefully, a better judge than I am. I'm a big believer in second chances. At least, I am now. I wanted to check with you. I thought this was something that I assumed you would have some insight into. He may already know a bit. He spent some time around them, which is also why I thought it might be helpful. Well, I figured we would talk to him. I'm still not 100%. We are going to be fighting these dragons, and I am not at my best. I'll continue to work on these. Bring him down when you find him. Tinkering check? Stop that. Where did all my dice go? Okay, apparently I have three. Dex, proficiency, if I recall? Okay. That's a 29, a 27, and a 13. She's been helping me clean. Mary says a lot of things. Yes. She has kept secrets from us, and we have a perfectly legitimate reason for not telling. No, we have a very-- fine! We still have a perfectly reasonable reason for not telling anyone, which is that if we tell people the city gets destroyed. You are welcome to tell her, and then we have to deal with the city being destroyed. As opposed to staying here. She will. She's a soldier. They're used to not being told things. We can tell her not to come. Well, we can make that clear, then. Tell her that there are aspects of this fight that sadly must remain secret, that it's far more dangerous than we could possibly even explain-- And that things may go completely tits-up. Even if we tell her the truth, she's still going to want to come. I don't want to tell her. No, I'm happy for her not to come because I don't want to tell her, because I don't trust-- I barely trust us to keep this secret, let alone another person. I'm okay with this plan. You really won't. We go in the morning. No, I was assuming we would go there tomorrow, set everything up, and then have it happen the day after. We can go camp in our house, deep in-- We go there, we set up. Raishan can handle herself. Tomorrow. That'll give Kik a chance to replenish. No, wait! Might as well test the waters. Shut the door, lock it. This is not how I wanted this to go down, but apparently this is how it's happening-- wait a minute. Your boy is gone by now, right? We sent him out. I'm going to go take the boy for a stroll and show him how this is going to work and explain to him everything. Gentlemen, you actually plan how we're going to kill dragons. Excuse me. Give me strength. Seven minutes! Six minutes. This is precisely why you people need me! Four minutes. Look at that, she says she can't lie, and there she did it so well. I'm listening in to this whole thing through the earphone as I'm talking. That's how I keep telling you how long you have, because I'm laughing so much. I'm going to let Asum in on our plan. No, I left with him. I haven't been in the room because I took him away. Oh, no. I've walked Kynan to show him how I would like things to function. I'm going to attune Animus and drop the gloves of missile snaring for this fight. Well, all right. We'll have to have a talk about that. Is it all right if I let Asum know what our basic plan is? We're leaving now, we'll be heading there, the fight will be tomorrow. There will be a creature that we will lure and bait the white dragon with, we will attack at the end. We expect to see her participation. If we are not acutely aware of it, all deals are off. I relay that information. I knock. Asum? I walk away, assuming that Asum will know where to find me. I go back to gathering my things, pulling powder and shot out of what was necessary. I apologize. I hope I didn't disrupt anything important. Tonight, we go to Draconia. Tomorrow, we fight the dragon. We will bait him with another creature of great strength-- I don't think anything you've ever heard of before. What the hell. I pull out the book and show him the picture. Sorry. Thank you. Yeah. There's a lot of gender issues in this. I figured that quite possibly, in private, you and I have the closest dispositions. Once that fight has concluded, we mop up whatever is left. We expect to see your participation in some form. I understand if it can't be direct. Obviously. We may have some extra people with us, as well. That, sadly, I cannot inform. Although there will be Draconians. They are disinterested in our politics. I would hope not. But I understand your point of view. I will say for the sake of this encounter, our point of view will be dominant. But I understand and respect yours. When dealing with ants, you must respect the needs of ants. Surely you understand? So there will be that. We will have a couple of accompanying members as well, but since you're staying hidden, it shouldn't be a problem. I would recommend not showing up in this form, at the very least. We will be leaving on our own. You will have to meet us there. I'm sure getting to Draconia shouldn't be too much of a problem for you? It does, but sadly we are trying to keep our own reality quiet. The needs of ants. And also, they don't want you around. They don't trust you. Surely you can find a faster way. You got here very quickly. You so rarely lie that I'm so fascinated that when you do, I think I'm starting to get your tells, just a bit of them. I take that as the highest compliment. See you tomorrow. I turn the corner, get far enough away, and drop to my knees and breathe deeply for a minute. Head to the Sun Tree. Wow. It was an appropriate usage of the word! Very well done, very good. She's downstairs with her wood. You smell of pine. Of what? That's a lot of mind-- I'm okay with this. That felt fair. Oh, no, he had that coming. We can only apologize for him so much. Yes. I'll be the last one out. No. 11. Let's find a place to hide the mansion and sleep. Yeah. Shut the door. She has guards. We also have the leader of the dragonborn. We can see where he is right now. There will be guards at the guard stations all around the outside. Just the guards, and it's not really allies at all. Everybody will turn the moment it looks-- That's your dex save, not your dex modifier. I have to sleep it off. I feel terrible, so I'm just going to sleep. We're going to tell Tooma to tell the dragon that they've found something to kill, and take him out into the wastelands where we're going to release it. We could send, I would say, Vax-- Very close. No, just them. If they run into a problem-- Should be fine. We're not attacking the dragon. I'm a Halloween fan, myself. Nothing is going to go wrong. Everything is great. And an army. Yeah, and I'm annoyed that I know what that perception check was about, and that Percy doesn't know. It really annoys me. Yeah, I do.