Sitting at nine on the current bestseller list. It's a good book! It's got so much. Oh, they found out about that. You're how I found Cute Emergency. I'll help with that, that sounds like a great use of time and not watching this. Don't think too hard about it. Grog, I have an idea. Why don't you ask the sword if it has any idea of Vecna's weaknesses? I'm so glad I had it. I'll take it. It's my turn. All right, just on the count of three. I said yes. It's just so I can swim faster, that was not for you to advertise. You're actually going to pull that sword out and it will have committed suicide. It's feeling much better, thank you. That won't be necessary for me but for the rest of you. No. I don't know what boots you have right now. Would you rather just run like Spider-Man? Up to you. Yes there is, there's coffee on everything there. I think it actually has a little bit of nice character. Look at that. The plans are easy, the magic users are going to be attacking Vecna with all they're worth. I'll have enough bullets that I may not be able to hurt him, but I can make him drop. Up to you, that is an option that is up to you. But let me know, because either way I'm going to either keep my boots or not keep my boots. And we don't know who's casting that, we don't know where that's coming from. Okay. No, but a 21 will do it. We could break through. We could break the wall. Like a flying rhino? He would have to burn a dispel at 9th-level. Oh. There's nothing special about these symbols that they wear around their necks, are they? Just since it is in your interest to keep us alive long enough to build you a portal. Yes. The world is ready for two Scanlans. If we give him the Hat of Disguise, then there's just a magical field being about a magical-- And he will have to burn some stuff. Depending on whether or not you have the mount, let me know if you want to trade boots or not, since these are non-attunable. And Vecna will win. Well, that's everything I needed. Some items for other Scanlan. Yeah. And then, here. I don't know if excited is the word. I'm going to remember that you said that. Everything since I met you all has felt like a dream. Even the worst of it. Would it be wrong to shave his beard, just one more time? One of them, yes. In the morning. I've already planned them out. Goodnight, brother. Here we go. 19. I'm going to burn a resolve. I rolled really low. I want to do that a little better. Oh, fine. I don't know-- which is why I am. No, I'm going to kill a resolve, one more. That's way better! Natural 20. That'll do. It's just a resolve; I got three. No, it was fair. I'm not in the mood for that. And resolves I got plenty of. I like that it's kitty-corner right now. Oh, wow. What are you doing? I don't know! Oh shit. 12. No, really? "Yes." "I know what he is. I'm not going to tell you, though." At least two years. She got a haircut. Vox Machina, may we introduce you to Arkhan? We did some work, ages ago. What are you doing here? He's our kind of evil. It's fine. I think we have a surprising amount already in common. We know Lay on Hands and some such. It was a metaphor, Grog. It was a metaphor. If just do a hit and run, we can cause so much chaos that all of these gloomstalkers are going to be busy dealing with everything in the air. And as long as we're close to that one, they don't know that we're here. They can't see us. They're all around the outer wall. If we break these crystals, this could help-- And if they've been watching, he just vanished. We should run now. We'll get Grog to smash it to smithereens. You're so good at punching walls. 34. They're going to go attack the city. Sh! Grog? Let's start drilling up. One more and we run. And take cover. It's a very loud-- The wall has my armor class. That's really horrifying. We're going to run. 27. We are not going to scatter and spread. We're going to stay together no matter what. There is no scattering. 30. (shouting) What? No! There's that other window. Yeah. That's going to be fun. Yeah, that's Lord Briarwood. That's solid. 18. Cricket's initiative is sadly 30. No. Technically radius-wise-- No, Delilah. Do I not have cover? 18. So I can gather my wits, there's an angry Delilah with a wand, clutching a weird thing around her neck. There's a Sylas with what I assume would be a brand new sword. And they're sitting about how many feet up on a dragon right now? Let's have a little fun. All right. Oh, good, and I have an escape route. That'll do really nicely. This is going to be fun. I'm going to Bugs Bunny this lady. First thing I'm going to do is I'm going to take a shot-- Why? Oh, no. That was good. It took me a second. I'm going to take a shot with Animus. Boy, I'm nervous. I'm going to burn a point of grit, and I'm going to make her drop her wand. That's a 31 to hit. Let's make her drop stuff. It's a strength saving throw. I missed you, too, darling. I still do damage on that one, I believe. That's nine points of damage, plus five points of psychic, so 14. For my next trick, I'm going to burn another point of grit. Let's push Sylas ten feet. Another 31 to hit. So let's take a little damage and do a little psychic. I do not like this die, I'm getting rid of it. It's only nine points of damage plus two points of psychic. So now Sylas has to move ten feet back. No save. (Woody Woodpecker laugh) Woody Woodpecker certainly has more shade. We don't know. For my next one, let's push Delilah ten feet for my final trick. That's a 28 to hit. Sorry, man. It's my best trick and I burned a lot of it. 15 points of damage plus four points of psychic plus ten feet. Take some fall damage. So for the rest of it I'm going to use a bonus action to run a heal. I'm going to give myself 19 points back. I'm going to run downstairs. I'm heading towards that back door. Next campaign. He's prone. Sylas is up and moving. How much movement does he have left? All right. No, that's a good use of a legendary action. Do they count as undead? Can Scanlan Two heal himself? You can move. With advantage. She's prone and grappled. Oh no. Yeah! Third time's the charm. Did you do your plus ten for the Sharpshooter? I was going to feel really guilty about killing that thing. I want to try and come around here if possible. Just here. First thing I'm doing is I'm taking a grit shot at Sylas with Animus. And I'm doing a headshot just to make his life a little more complicated. I do, I'm taking very nice head shots. Actually, I go to Prints Charming. That's a real place. It's on Ventura. Sorry! The most LA moment in our game ever! Just now! Yeah, no, maybe not. Yep, that'll do, that's a 26 to hit? And he has to make a constitution saving throw. That's fine. He still takes 16 points of damage and two points of psychic damage. And I'm going to take another headshot, because that's funny. And that's 31 to hit. That's 12 points of damage and one psychic damage. And does he make his constitution saving throw? The DC is 20. Fine. I'm going to take another headshot. Burning my grit. I should have gone for a Sharpshooter. That's 34 to hit, Jesus Christ. Another constitution saving throw. God, motherfucker! That's 15 points of damage plus four psychic. So 19 total. No, I don't like the way he's doing that, I'm burning an action surge. I'm going to use some Sharpshooter. I'm going to burn a bonus and reload my gun. Let's just take three Sharpshooter shots, see what happens. I should not have rolled all three at once. The way they landed, it would have been the third one anyway. Two shots, that's 15 to hit? No. 20 to hit. And the third shots jams at a two. Actually I have a resistance now to psychic damage, so I take 1d6 psychic damage for my gun, not two, correct? I take my four points and I am happy for them. That ends my turn. High-five Keyleth on the way in. Which means if you hit him enough, he drops back to human. It's our fidget spinner. I will let you know if it snaps while it's in your teeth it hurts a lot. I know that from experience. This is the face Matt's not making right now. We're going to show up to the next game, all wearing them like a terrible Council of Evil. I feel like I would be able to get an attack somewhere in here considering my range if I pulled out my big gun. How could you not be prepared for-- That looks solid from here. Do you have something because of your hit? The last time you hit him, does that mean-- No, because he's going to keep running. We don't have to hold our turns, we'll just get back to you. Oh yeah, no, we're fine. I mean, that'll happen eventually. If it's going to get there. Wait, is it Sylas' turn or my turn? My turn first. I'm going to take my advantage shot, because I have advantage because of-- With Bad News. No, no, no, no! Ring! But if you're Sharpshooter the outer range is the inner range. Oh, yeah, so you just walk up and take a shot. With advantage! Much better! I rolled huge. 28. Perception. How far away is he? You've got what it takes. What's the distance on that thing? What if you got on a mount? We can all move together and he will not be able to move at high speed as a mist. And we have to stay together. Wait. I have a weird thing I'm going to try and do-- No, the thing I need to do, I need to get within 30 feet. I'm going to move to the edge of where I'm capable of moving right now at my speed. I'm going to signal everybody and say move as a group. So we're going to try to sync our movements. You're doing what? I grab her wand. It was the controller. So we have it. So many things! Nope. Take the wrapper off! That's weird! [break] And it quickened. But that didn't help nearly as much as we thought it would. I've got an idea. Can I borrow some of that infinite rope? All right. I'm taking the infinite rope, and I'm tying it around my little gem that I have. My little glowing gem. More or less. Are we all agreed? Well, I'm going to make it move away, and then once we're in I'm going to yank-- I tie it around in a monkey fist knot. I toss it about 20 feet away. I'm going to give it a throw. I'm going to throw it about 20 feet away from the-- We're all in agreement of this plan? Well, technically, wait, hold on. I'm actually going to throw the gem, then, past the stone giant, into the room. Just a little bit so that anything in the room-- Okay. Nine? 30 feet. Okay. I have to roll, though. I have to do a roll to see if it survived the throw. Yeah. It's fine. DC 15. Let's all go in, shall we? And I'm going to walk around it and stealth in. Natural 20. Also, double checking-- grit is a reset after combat, not a reset after a short rest? Short rest? Okay, just checking. Once they're within range of us, I'm going to wait. Okay, I'm going to tug on the rope and pull it up and toss the gem right smack-dab in the center of us. Unless somebody else wants to throw it. Eh, it doesn't matter. I just yanked it. Nope, it's good. DC 15. He was not still within range? DC is 15. Which is why we're going to keep the rope. We're going to go all the way up the stairs, and when we're ready, we're going to tug like a motherfucker. All right, one at a time. Let's kill one at a time. Yeah, but we're going to get him. I'm really excited about the notion of a Delilah potted plant. Let's do this. I would not say no to it, but I can live without it. We honestly all do. I will admit, it would do a lot for me. I'll try a religion check. I mean fuck it, if we heal ourselves-- He does turn people. How much heal do you get out of a potion? But it's also healing that could be done in combat. That's what we're meaning. How many people have taken it so far? I have it automatically. Let's get halfway up the tower. No, I'm good. The stairs are a metaphor. This one, definitely. He has to do it. Without Scanlan, everything goes to shit. It means that your clone's going to get very lucky. You, on the other hand, no. We went right. From where I am, can I recognize any of the book titles? Any of it? Yes. If Vecna moves, we will know. They're little. 24. You got very high. We still have the pot. You could get some oil and really make this work. That's a lot of powerful-- I would like to do one thing before we leave the room. I would like to take something, set it on fire, and toss it on those books over there. There's nothing else to catch fire in here. It'll be nice. It'll be noxious, but brief. I take a torch. I actually have one last Whitestone seal that's flash-powdered. Wrap it, light it, and toss it on the counter. That'll do. Walk away. Do we recognize any of the corpses? I had to do it. Natural 20. I get to know. The rest of you don't get to know. I charge Diplomacy up. Are they humans or undead? Once I use it, I've got ten minutes of silence. I was curious that if I get close enough to Vecna, he can't talk. I was hoping to save that, because that might be a thing where we can keep him from casting vocal spells. Plus ten. Let's have you two take some out and send the big guys in. It's better against weaker opponents. I'll have ten minutes of silence. That looked bad from this angle. Yeah, I see it now! Holy cow. Maybe we shouldn't kill all of-- What is the band, before we do anything? This may kill him. Take them. I hate to even ask, but is there anything you can do and still--? I've been looking forward to this. Everything's downhill from here. It'll be super easy. I was feeling weird about it. You are a monster. I'm so proud.