We've only told them about the pictures so far. 260 something pages? 256 pages. I'll say, regardless of what version, when you actually get the book, it's going to be treated as an artifact from the Cobalt Reserve, so there's going to be historical texts and writings from various librarians in the Cobalt Reserve, chronicling the adventures of Vox Machina, including a lot of fun Easter eggs. And there will be some fun Easter eggs in there, there may even be some background meta data that doesn't really exist anywhere else. It should be available for ordering sometime in the late fall. That sounds like the wine talking. Would this be an insight check, at this point? Oh no. How long have you felt this way? This is a bit-- I don't know what's happening right now. I'm not going to pretend that I'm not extremely flattered by this, and I am, but I don't know. Is it that hard to believe that maybe someone finds me attractive? (cheering) We should maybe go to Vasselheim in the morning, start to rally. Well, we've sent some word out to the world. We activated the beacons. We're not any good to anybody at the moment, so I imagine so. It'll be fine. That's the plan. I do set a bucket trap at the door just in case. I set a bucket trap. Oh shit! No! I reach underneath my pillow. I grab a small copper ball. Manners. (cheering) That's a strength check, I believe. Where is it? It's a check, not a saving throw. No. I undo the lock so he can talk. I rolled a one. I don't know anything's wrong. I rolled a one. Or we could go to his room and defile his room. God only knows what's happened there. That's all I needed to hear; go on. All right. In case this is magical, I just want to leave you with something. (laughter) Manners. (click) No. Too much information. Thank you. Good evening. Do you walk out the main door? Okay, so you do in fact trigger a bucket. (laughter) I'm going to block the secret passage. I'm going to shift some furniture. This was good. Well done, you. Hi. Yep. We should at least prepare Vasselheim, then. If a wrath of a dark god is on its way, they should probably prepare themselves. We would assume. With one eye each. That would be likely. Wow. No, I feel it. Trial Forge? I agree with this plan. What is the symbol? I'll make a perception check. Let's see if you'll roll a one again. No, that's much better. 28. Yes. If we did it at a temple, perhaps. If we're going to make a sun appear-- Well, technically we've already been observable, so there's very little that we can say that he doesn't already know. He hears everything. Or at least an open ear. I think he sees this city as a ripe audience. What's a fair amount? Okay. 21. Cannibal zombie dwarves. What didn't we say? It's a little cold up here. That's okay. AUDIENCE There they are. (laughter) Yeah, that's not over yet. AUDIENCE Larkin is in the hearts and minds of children. Are we going? I think we proceed by taking a 15-minute nap, really, at this point. It looks quite nice. I'm personally thinking that an undead army of cannibalistic dwarves would be very appealing if I were starting an assault on a city like this, and I would be heading my city in that direction to raise a bunch of undead cannibalistic dwarves. That's my vibe. I feel like that's where we're going to find them, and where we'll find them preoccupied. You're assuming that he's going to do what he would expect us to think he would do in the first place. We have a bit of a roving blind spot here that we could use. Yeah. That got weird. Safe bet. They're the distraction. We think that's where they're headed. That'd be my thought. That's where I would go. I think that the surprise that he's expecting to bring to the city, possibly, especially with the information you brought, is that he would try and raise this creature and use it against the city. Somehow you make that less threatening. I'm not sure how you do that. Turducken of the Damned. (laughter) If we can all three in one swift movement once we've weakened-- So much sass. We didn't make them to be aerodynamic, did we? We'll wait until we're a little closer. Okay, this is going to be weird. It's that. And who's made of the most glass? Who's going to get hit the most? Let's do this. Did we guess wrong? We should scry on the dwarven city if we can, really quickly. Do we know enough to scry? Or she's not. We know where Vecna is. We just need to see where Lady Briarwood is. Oh shit. We should stop that from happening. 18 temporary hit points? Natural 20, for 25. It's where it came out. How big are these footprints, approximately? Keyleth, how big would a creature be if it had footprints approximately 150 to 200 feet across? That's the most exciting Dwarven Forge thing I'd ever want to see. The Godzilla interior. It may be all it takes. Neverending Storying our way to a terrible death. Okay. Will that work on the back of a big shiny dragon? I think it's also, in theory, necrotic, which means it can be turned. We're going to have to do something. It's a good question. At least we're a smaller target, at that point. I shoot the other one with a gun. It's okay. We're going at a speed that it doesn't matter. Did that just happen? (counting) 25. I should have said this. I was going to burn a grit to drop. Animus. Wait, if our eyelids are invisible, does that mean we can't even close our eyes? No, it's too much. Too much. Not cool. Okay. That's my worst nightmare. Yeah, no, I was just having a Clockwork Orange moment. That's not true. 24. Let's see if we can land on that burst pimple, then. Natural 20! (cheering) (groaning) We did see this happen, right? Roll really high, twice. This is what's happening. This is who we are now. That helps. What time is the signing? That's actually a real question. No, don't touch that!