People can actually, in real time, call us when we're wrong on our own stuff. This is a level of pain I've only dreamed of; I'm very excited. Wednesday Club, we're talking about Comic Con, because Comic Con is coming up, and we're going to try and give you a first-timer's guide to Comic Con If you've never been to one, what to expect, what to do for fun, and all sorts of things that you could see or do in San Diego. Other than us. Thank you, I was very proud of last night. Prizes? It's not quite heaven. What's closest to the pools? It's weird how he's so nice and yet it still feels like you are in so much trouble. Seems prudent. I'm very ready to go. This is lovely and everything, but I've had my fill. What gap? To the pools. I like that people just feed us. We show up, and there's food. Not at home. Have you ever tried not singing for dinner? You might! It's a big vague, but yes. I was on a boat for quite a while. Charmingly provincial. And the pools are naturally poisonous? That's our kind of people. He was so officious. If it were easy, it really wouldn't be us, would it? I cannot believe I'm about to say this. I'm inclined to believe the god. They're in the position where trying to trick us out of leaving is not necessary. They could've just told us to leave and be done with it. That information just wouldn't suit them, I don't think. Well, on that chipper little side note, I think we should turn in for the evening. Wow, way to hang onto that one, Matt. It was with you the whole time. For the forest near the Pools of-- I was really excited to see your face when you handed it to them and they're like, what are we supposed to do with this? Thank you for the Ashley Johnson simulator. That was weirdly comforting. Let's save that. Falafel pool is actually really tasty. You did actually, legitimately point east, too, which makes that even better. Yeah, that is weird. 12. You're worried about giants streaking? That was very specific. I might. I don't know. Let's keep this structure standing for now. If you think long and hard about it, it's not like manners have failed us very often. We fail at manners more often. We'll see how this goes. We'll try being nice. I'll be hanging back a bit, as well. This is probably a giant-infested forest. Double-check to make sure the door isn't a problem, either. I'd imagine if the welcome mat is. I feel like there's a complicated story that goes along with all of this. I'm really excited by it. We have found the cabin of Macaulay Culkin! I was really excited by this thing. It's a shame to dismantle it. It's more or less whatever strikes your fancy, to be fair. You should try it if you haven't; it's quite delightful. No. For once, no, I'm not. I have never actually been quite so honest in my entire life. I think you'll find it very therapeutic. How does it feel? Crawl forward, back a bit, stretch, downward dog, stretch. I am going to try and map this in my head, the crazy stuff I'm seeing right now. Maculkins. I think we can just call them Maculkins now. Is there mercury in those pools? (laughter) I sometimes will talk to the fourth wall. It's a thing; ignore it. I'm going to peruse some of these titles, quietly. I find it's the easiest way to learn quite a bit about a person. Well, I reach into my bag and start cleaning a small green shard of residuum, polishing it. You are a madman. We're not going to say Ioun. Are you saying you know more than Ioun? Can you prove that you know more than Ioun? So if I ask you a question that is almost impossible to answer, you could answer it before Ioun could answer it? Oh, please. I'm far too clever to ask such a simple question. That's easy. I would have to ask something that was very difficult to answer. A bit dangerous, to be fair. Whoever has devised these contraptions and created this safety for you is a genius. I'm not saying you're necessarily-- I somehow don't think so. I've had my own demons to contend with in my life, to make me doubt my own intelligence. I get the sense that your compatriot-- I hate to call it friend, here-- What are you doing here? We don't have much. Many of the things that we carry are very dangerous. Obviously, you have a great deal of genius here. I'm going to show him the elemental shard. I don't know if this would interest you, but I consider it to be of great value. The last piece of residuum I have. Impressive, but not as impressive as the giant log. I may be secrets, and that is of me, but I believe there is power in its secret. People died for that. Many people. But we might, wouldn't we? I really want to look at these. I want to look at these books really quickly. I'm having a moment. I just want to start looking at these titles. What are these books? Oh my god, he's been in the troll dick all along. That was fast. Oh no. 23. You've got a very low initiative bonus. Peace out. That's our next shirt. Wow, this is a lot that happened. I'm going to click my boots, and I'm going to run up the wall and run upstairs. Is he right there? Manners! Action Surge! It's a DC 20 strength. Oh, I'm sorry, no. Never mind. It's an attack roll. 18. Just making sure that I can do this. That was my action surge. I can only do one round. Just seeing if I have anything at a bonus that I can do. My action, I activated my boots. My action surge activating that. Do I have anything I can do with a bonus action? I'm going to turn to the other guy and pull the ripcord on the glove angrily. (revving) Smash him! Please! Turn him into paste. DC 20. Yeah, he's stuck. I love that we have floors! He's going for Scanlan. Oh, that's fair. Not cool. I feel like a natural 20 should auto-fail this. He's technically now engaged with the bear, so if he walks away, the bear gets an attack of opportunity. Smoky d10 and spiky d10. And you get rerolls! It's hard to stealth when you're on fire. Things you own end up owning you. Then we're going to be okay. On the side of the house. I think at that point, I think we put it in the Bag of Holding. Oh god, Grog, what did Keyleth do? I'm well aware. It was totally worth it. Okay, this all happened. That's awkward. That's okay, I know where I am. I'm going to run out onto the balcony really quick. Yeah. I figure you're going to handle him. Grog, take care of these two. What do I see outside on the balcony? I just rolled a natural 20. Weird question, really quickly. Where is that giant log trap? How much swing does it have? Is it locked all the way over here, or is it hung back there? Oh, so it's a drop on the door. Good to know. In the meantime, I'm going to run on the exterior of the wall, like right over here, if that makes sense. That's going to be my movement. I'm going to take some fun, happy pot shots at these bastards. At the necromancer! Let's start with that bound necromancer. He's fun. With the Vecna eye. He's bound, so I have advantage to hit him? All right, I'm going to use my Animus gun so I still have a hand open, and I'm also going to burn a point of grit so that I can get him to drop his staff. Here we go with advantage. Oh darn, it was so close. 28. That's-- ooh! Fancy. 18 points of damage, four points of psychic damage, and he has to make a strength saving throw or drops his items. That'll do. Three-quarters cover, what does that mean in this crazy world? I'm going to burn a grit for advantage and shoot one of them. Yeah. I'll start there. Let's give it a shot. I love advantage; it's so wonderful. 32. I really should have done extra damage. So that's 1d10 plus six. That hits, obviously. 32 to hit? 17 points of damage plus two points of psychic damage. 17 points of damage plus two points of psychic damage. I'm going to take another shot at him. I'm going to make this a sharpshooter shot, and again with advantage because that's fun. Here we go. Damn! Almost a crit. That's 29. That hits. 14 points of damage-- I'm sorry, 24 points of damage plus two points of psychic damage. I use my bonus action to reload and stare at the nice person below me. Yay! Under a log. You got to get better cultists, man. I love that spell. Be careful. You might catch the building on fire. This is a good plan. Sparkle fire. Yeah, it's fire. Bonus action. Brilliant. I'm ignoring him. I'm not even gonna deal. I'm just hopping in the window. I'm going to grab my little guy there. I'm going to bring him out to the balcony, and I'm going to unceremoniously toss him out of the house. And then I'm going to jump and I'm going to crawl down the rest of my way and join him outside the house. And try and jump around the fire, dragging him away from the fire. Acrobatics? Bless you for an acrobatics check. I'm rerolling that. It's not a saving throw. Oh well, that's fine. That's a 16. I had the Spider Climb boots. Just sit on him. No, that's not an obvious question. I have no idea. Must have. Maybe he can feel you the way you can feel him. Yeah. I don't know. I'm going to prop our idiot up in the window so I can go in and keep an eye on him even while I'm inside. Yeah. I kept one. He automatically fails until 24 hours has elapsed. Any further attempts by the creature automatically fail until 24 hours have elapsed. He ain't going nowhere. It's mean, man. I'm watching through the book. Oh shit. I'm going to pick up the book that he was holding when he was praying. I'm going to just try and read it. I'm going to hand him the book again and see if maybe there's focus to be found. Maybe this is-- Oh, lord. Ooh. Let's call that a 28. If it's all-- with your permission, I'm going to take his hands. Yes. He's the tuning fork. I've dreamed of this place. This is immortality. This is everything. (sighs, chuckles) I may never leave. I glide over to Vex and hold her close. This is stunning. My god, I think they may have actually forgotten all the idiot things I said yesterday. I think they've completely forgotten. I'm sorry. May have panicked. I'll be right back. I'm going to run towards one of those stacks, like a child. I'm doing a title run. I want to figure out the organizational system before I touch a book. I pick one. All right. I pick it up. I look around to see if anybody has a problem. And I turn to the title page. I read Celestial. I skip to the end. Last page. I've got it. I put it down. I pick up another one. First page. Last page. 115 pages in. I put it back and I turn. They're made of people. It's people! And I'm going to find the most interesting spine and I'm going to turn to the first. Birth. Death. Birth! Death! Sex. Birth, death, some disappointment. I am just gone. I'm running back and forth, finding whatever interesting spine I can. Are they all in Celestial? Oh my god. Okay. This is great. All right. I'm eventually probably going to pass out from mild hyperventilation and have to sit down. If we must, yes. Just as an experiment, I'm going to think about Vesper and try and touch a book. I don't expect this to work, but I'm going to close my eyes and think about, and pick it up and flip through it. Nope. There's a system. I will discover the system. I'm going to keep running around like a kid. I've stopped. I'm good. Is there a card catalog? He seems to have purpose. I'm giddily following behind. Oh. He may have heard. I thought you were going to die! I may have panicked. We were asked to plead for your life, and I may have panicked. I panicked! I panicked! There was a giant glowing sun, and I may have panicked. Well, I was a bit vague, but I was-- Oh no. I may have hinted that we might have eloped. May have hinted. I may have hinted. Silence! Cone of Silence! He's back, ladies and gentlemen. He's back and taking no prisoners. I love that. I just turned it off. I got everyone to agree. Where did you get the sunglasses from? I felt that honesty was important at that moment. We had to tell them eventually. Well. We may have gotten married. It was going to be-- We didn't want to make it a thing. We wanted it to just be-- Very specifically, no. This place. Do you not know what this place means? Am I the only one who understands what this place means? It all matters! No, I mean, really! It all matters! So much, and it's not going to go away! Nothing goes away! One and two people are all that it takes to experience something!