I feel like we've been doing the thing for a while now. Implying that we'd like to. Well, we did two editions because we wanted to do something a little ridiculous. And so-- This is a special edition. It's a little more fancy. It's got the ribbon and leather and gold foil. It's got an evil tome vibe, and it's got lots of little wonderful details. Yeah, there's lots to talk about in these books. I'm very excited! We keep trying to tell her that, don't we? Yeah, it's October, so we're doing Halloween. We're doing Hellboy, which I don't really know much about. I couldn't think of anybody who knew a lot about Hellboy. Do you know a lot about Hellboy? Do you want to come on Wednesday Club? It's going to be Wednesday Club on Hellboy. I do! I've decided it would be really funny to be here really late three days in a row for the rest of my life, and so I'm-- I don't want to quite say "taking over." Is "taking over" the word? I'm taking over Gather Your Party on Friday nights now, and we're giving it a bit of a revamp. It's going to be a bit of a different vibe. It's going to be a little shorter. It's going to be fun. Our very first episode is going to be called Gather Your Goth, and we're going to be giving some of our friends goth makeovers and having a goth dance contest. Tomorrow night. Well I'll tell you what. You let me know, and you can come over and have a goth makeover. Gather Your Laura. You would goth out very well. I think I would be excited by that. The magic of the goth makeover strikes again! (cackles) No, I bought this shirt when we went shopping. Where's the carpet? That would be nice. Yes, please. I imagine Scanlan dropping that last potion as it's coming down. Yay! Just raised. Wow, two for two tonight. Yes? I'll try. My regards to your family. Thank you, as well. Does not. The battle is won. "Fucking dead." (laughter) Lady, yes. I've got the last flare from Whitestone from all those years ago. I've been waiting for it. No! No! That's a lot of words. You can. It's all I wanted tonight. Yeah, no. Gold, if I recall. You're making that monologue face. Like that face someone makes when they're listening to some very complex internal monologue. You don't make that face very often. You're making it right now. Just start speaking whatever's in your head right now. Free-form. Okay, this is starting to paint a picture. You feel better now? Okay. Are you lying right now? Except pissing? (laughter) I'm so tired. That does remind me. Scanlan? You're going to have to give it back now. You know exactly what. Yes. I don't think it's your gun. You didn't. There's no fair and square. And honestly, if you were anybody else, I would find it when I was rummaging through your corpse later. But it's you. So instead I just use my words, and I'm trying to be a better person. If you really like it, maybe we'll have a special one made that's a little safer. But not that one. That's one of mine. I'll make you something fancy that's a little less prone to explode. Especially with the head thing. It's quite nice. You should get that tattooed in permanently. That's a really good idea. On the forehead? LAURA and Well, we got tattoos. That's all that matters. Look at it go! Wow! (laughter) I think so. Does anyone want to start walking towards the city to see how bad it really is? We've got a carpet. Some of us have wings. LIAM and We can ride on the broom. Try to scry on him! He's probably having a bad day. There's enough time. There's a gold dragon that should be-- Grog, do you want to trade boots, by the way, again? We don't have to, if you really like them. She has seen them. They're very nice. That is the greatest thing I've ever heard. Locate Pants. I would like to scry upon the pants. The pantalones. He has pajamas he changes into. I would run if I were him. He may finally have had enough. Never say never, but probably not. He would have to work very hard to make it happen. Well, we knew that going in. Let's go see who's left. Any word from Gilmore in the last hour? He's all right. Into the woods. I've never known a true sense of security. I'm not entirely sure. Get up and say something. Just tell people it was brilliant and great. I walk to step in between. Yes. Do you recall what you told me once? I do. No. No, that's-- actually, you know what? Hey, that's right. I'm going to Resolve that. This is not about you. That's a 19, 22. Damn it. I have a 19. I do not accept this. Of course. No. I use Manners on Scanlan. Wow. Where is it? These are my coffee stains. Yes, I do. It's a-- Ranged attack roll with an attack bonus equal to my dex modifier plus my proficiency bonus. Against you. Yeah. That's a six, 12, 24, I think. It just hits. You can make a strength check against 20. I'll let him out when I'm feeling like it. Actually, I'll unlock it so he can say that. I very quickly go through Scanlan's pockets to make sure there's nothing else that I need to take back from him. Thank you. Nope. I let him out. Manners. I'm going to quietly wander outside. Oh, I'm going to break off for a second. My god, we're saved. Did you use my die? Well, yeah. I'll take care of something. I'm sitting in a corner and I'm staring into the reflection of my sword. And I'm gently tapping the contract in my pocket. And I'm going to say, Ipkesh. You're too late. You've been doing a thing. Could you bring him back? Would it, the thing that you gave me, bring him back? Hmm. Nothing at all. All right. I have no idea. I think I really miss my family. I think I miss my sisters and my parents. I think I was going to be a clockmaker once. I haven't thought about that. There was a moment. Do you remember when we met? I, for a brief time, thought that I had died within that prison and I was having a fever dream from starvation and this was what that felt like, was my mind making stories of friends and adventures and these things I would never do because I was a coward and fool. I miss my family so much and I've done some terrible things. I gave Grog that sword. It didn't feel real. I don't know. This is new. I'm sorry. Many years ago, I went to make a deal with her and she told me that I was broken and that I had always been broken. Part of me was going to save your brother and really, I just wanted to prove it to her. I wanted to hurt her for hurting me. I am so tired of hurting people. I love you very much. This has been a terrible day. Where's Kiki? Where's Scanlan? I think I owe him an apology. Oh god, I owe Grog an apology. Maybe I'll not apologize to Grog. That sounds like a really terrible idea. Yes? Thank you. I was going to say let's destroy the one in Whitestone. Maybe we could seal it up, leave it because you know, but-- How would I know? Seems worth a shot. I'm too tired to be angry. Was that today? It legitimately feels like a week ago at this point. (laughter) Yes. I know. Yeah, but you're you. You don't have to apologize, we just assume. I will not accept it so that when you come to your senses later, you don't feel like you've compromised. But thank you. (laughter) No. Yes. Sorry about the skull. I'm a human. I'm made of contradictions. You people wouldn't understand. (sighs) Oh my god. I legitimately don't remember. How is that temple right now? That was a really good wookiee noise. Pike? I could use your assistance. I don't think I should have this, and I need this to be taken away from me before I do something foolish. And I hand Pike my contract. This, I thought, was proof that I was in control of myself. But it's just a terrible thing waiting to happen. Thank you. How do you have it on autosave?! Do you just have it? I don't think it can be destroyed. But maybe it can be put far away. I have every faith in you. Thank you. I think I'm done with that. I'll take it away! Can you text it to us actually? That's a three jpeg, man. Sorry. Why doesn't she stay with us for a while? I think maybe a little time spent in our company, as opposed to your father's company, would not be the worst idea. I think that's a great idea. To drinks. I put, like, 20 gold on the table. We will take the cheapest, worst beer you have, and a round for everyone in the bar. If everyone's all right with that. It's a special occasion. Been having a good time, then? That thing that I was bugging you about? Well, that's fair. Now that I have a bit of alcohol in me. Oh god, he flipped a page. I hate that. She made it back to Whitestone. One would assume that's how she got there. I'm sure. I have faith. I'm drunk. Don't get used to it. MARISHA and The brightest and the darkest. Home for a bit, at least. And of course, everybody is welcome, always. I'll also say, for those of you, especially. Grog, you have your freedoms, and if you wanted to become lord of Greystone and have a place of your own that you could invite us to, as opposed to wandering. Greyskull. Well, I think we're going to need help getting to Whitestone, and then I think it's going to take at least a day for you to regain the power to return to your people. We're not getting rid of you quite that easily. I don't think any of us do. How did Whitestone look? I forgot. No, you're fine. Nothing. You're fine. Love you very much. You are. Oh, this could go so badly. I think I've had enough for one day. Oh, definitely not at Whitestone. I've always worried about the two of you. You're such a dick. Let's drive a tree. It'll be fun. That's more of a shrub. Yes, that looks nice. Oh, yes. Let's head home? I'll be in Cassandra's room. Yes? Of course. I think that sounds lovely, and you're always better than comfortable. I had a thought, actually. My god, it is hard surviving, isn't it? Perhaps Keyleth could use a friend right now, and I know that you carry one with you. Just for a bit. I think she could use a companion who's not going to apologize or give too much sympathy. We'll figure something out. I grew up here. I'm used to it. I'd like to see that. Best teddy bear ever. There's a lovely tea rose garden in the back. I'm so proud of you. Roll a natural 20. Oh no! Oh my god! (laughs) (cackles) This is your doing! Hashtag no regrets. Oh god, I can't even. She's just yelling obscenities. It's just obscenities. That's all it is. I'd like to think that in the next campaign, we're going to find you in a glass coffin like Sleeping fucking Beauty. May he rest in bed sores for all eternity. You lost card privileges. Oh, we already took the whole deck. Are you? I don't think it was personal. I might have lost my arm or I might be hiding it behind my back. I'm not sure. That's good to know. I pull a card from the deck. Suddenly, I lose everything. Wouldn't that be amazing? It's why I don't pull cards! That was amazing! LAURA, MATT, and That's the most Scanlan thing I could have ever hoped for. I would have recommended my tutor, but of course, Vax slit his throat right about the time you met him. He was a good tutor before that. You're full of shit. Just full of shit. I don't really think we should settle down. That seems like a lot. I think that I would like to start a very complicated art project that's going to take many years. I'm not going to work on it all the time, day and night, but I'm going to invest some time in this. No, I'm going to build a clocktower. Like the one in Prague. I'm going to take many years and it's going to sit at the front of the castle so it will be outside and there will be other people working on it. It will, as a proper clock does, it will tell our story. Once a year, everything will play out. And we may start inviting tinkering artisans every year for Whitestone to come show off things that are not necessarily useful, but to show off fanciful inventions and things that are beautiful. But let's not stay here too often. (laughter) There's a lot of names. LAURA and So many ways to irritate your father. Oh, at the very least. Jesus. There will be. Bears will be involved in the festival. Obviously. Especially since the clock tower is part of the festival and bears feature heavily in it. Only you can prevent the rise of Vecna. (laughter) Yes, I trust your judgment. It is not for me, but I'm definitely all right with anything that makes you happy. To be fair, you'd do it anyway. I help Cassandra as best I can. I think at least once a year we get out and do something irresponsible. Maybe sometimes drag these kids out for shenanigans. We also insist that she leave Whitestone at least once a year for a period of time to do fuck all. Let's not, well yes, there's, well. I'm content to make a clock tower and make art and never make another weapon. I'm good. It's got a bear. I'm imagining the bear from Burning Man actually. Oh my god.