Wednesday Club! We're in an interesting transition point for a lot of shows on Geek and Sundry, so we thought we'd have a card party. It's not as sexy as it sounds. Are you in? Are you down? We're opening card packs! Matt Mercer is going to join us for the Wednesday Club. We may have a few other guests. You want to come? We already did a Pog episode. We actually made it rain Pogs! It was great! You can come. We're going to have another Pog party! Since the show is moving to its new time, 700-900pm, so we're going to be opening card packs. Talking about them, being really dumb and in our pajamas, and it's going to be great. Definitely Matt, and there's going to be a bunch of people showing up; it's going to be great! We're confirmed with some Jim Lee X-Men Series One. We're confirmed with some Superman vs. Doomsday cards. We're working on Marvel Masterpiece. Unopened. We've got some Kirby cards, some classic Avengers cards. We're doing a little bit of everything. We've got a couple we're working on, though. Marvel Universe Series One of Three is what we're really working on. I was wearing smaller people on my feet, so it helped. Over half those facts at the beginning are actually true. Even if they've been goosed a bit. The bees are true. One now. That's dark, but that's where we are. Only today, though. Today's the last day. This is the first time I've ever said this out loud Seriously, go check out Alpha for this show. It's worth it. It's amazing. Oh my god! Yes, but probably not any you're going to be happy with. To be fair. I may make a post later on Twitter tomorrow or something to really talk about it. I have a lot of feelings about this show. Are they watching Twitch by candlelight? Just hear the sound of a wine aerator in the background. We brought everything we could. I'm so sorry. Can you, Keyleth? Then it doesn't matter yet, until we bring him back. Let's bring him back. Where are we? We can find it, then. Well, now we know what to do. We were too late, and we have seen what we're up against, and now we need to focus. We can't let it be over yet. We need to focus. We're going to find these diamonds. Grog? Can you put her in the bag? And I toss him the body. I'm going to use every dex I have. I'm going to slap fucking hard. Strength check? Oh, athletics, that's better. 10. Yeah, I'm going to follow the eye. I need help finding it. I need help! Be very careful. I've got the flashlight box out, and I'm going to try and use this as a container if we find it. Keyleth, can you thin this? We need to see. Make the mist go away. (louder) Can you make the mist go away? I have the box out, ready. The burrowing eyeball? Are you sure?! (laughter) I think that's a terrible idea. What makes you think that? You're bleeding out your eye right now! I kind of want you to hold it. Yes, and that thing should be difficult to get out of. It it is a big case. Well, if we're really amused by it, we just set off the light crystal that's in there and let it blind itself in there for a while. That would be funny. We have bigger problems. Diamonds. And Delilah. Oh, yeah. We're going to want to have a word with her later. Vex. Vex. He needs you here, now. I need you here. We're not done. This is not over yet. We are in trouble. We need to find a city. The two of you, I need both of you here. Nothing is ever what it's supposed to be. I know. Let's get this done. How do we know that she is against us? This was Vecna. She may still be with us. We're not done. We need to find diamonds. Can we find them while we're here? Can we find them where we are? Where are we? I feel within a tinker theory is how figuring out how much diamonds-- That'll do. I feel like this would be in the wheelhouse. God, I am rolling just the worst. 13. I know where there are diamonds. There is a second thought, if this does not go well. Which was-- there was one place where we saw that many diamonds in one place before Thordak. Yes, but not everything left the city. There's enough there. It didn't get randomly distributed. I'm sure that they have it, and I'm sure that we can make a deal. I have something worth money. We go to Kraghammer, rest there. Vecna's in a box. More than all of us combined, I'd imagine. I don't know. We can look in the box without. There's a glass thing so we can look through the glass. What if it's the Vecna dimension? You can buy my vote. Yes, you do. You can buy my vote. We are wrecked. Heal and sleep. Let Keyleth make something big. We have one problem at a time. We have Delilah, and we will deal with-- We're going to talk to her. We're going to see what we can learn. We're going to be very thoughtful about what we talk to her about, and we're going to find a way of making sure that this is the last time we put her in the ground. By hook or by crook. Tomorrow, we go to Kraghammer, we make an animal. I don't think I'm in the right mind to even think of anything to say to her that isn't just rage, at the moment. Let's get up there. They seem like they've quieted down. Small miracles. That's weird. I'm not getting into it. I am, but everyone else isn't. That's the hard part. Sam's scamming you. We had to hide at the other end of the building, man. That was nuts. These are all long rests. We're all getting long rests. I'll take second watch. Vecna comes back, and we all die. That'll do. That's a 21. Is anybody else waking up at this point? I grab my stuff, and I immediately run down the tree. Vex, I need you to step away from him. Vax, if it is you, I hope you understand, and please, just for a second, thank you. We're fighting the perversion of death itself. This is what I would do to torture us. Let's figure this out before we hand him back anything that's older than we are. I'm keeping some distance. Oh, I believe you're you. I just have to make sure what brought you back. I don't even know if you would know yet. Pike, does he have a heartbeat? Is he undead? Have you tried Turn Undead? It's not your heart I'm worried about. If he's not, you will not survive this. I'm sure it's going to be fine. Let's just take a minute and reflect on every terrible thing that's happened over the last 24 hours and be careful for once. I'm so sorry. This is madness. It's him in there. Let's just make sure that it's him that is the rest of him. Could Vecna put Vax into something designed to hurt us? I believe it's Vax. It's the rest of it. What would happen to him if you tried to Turn Undead? If anything awful happens, he should survive it. If you're dead, we'll just have to be extra careful, and we'll have a little more understanding of what's happening. When has a random miracle ever just happened? If we work for a miracle, that's one thing, but this sort of thing doesn't end up on your doorstep. You know that. Does he? I'm so sorry. I cannot wait for you both to be angry with me later. No! Not yet. Thank you. Not yet. We're not sure. Let's not even begin to have this discussion if we don't have to. I think that we can be physically optimistic. Go. We have to figure out where you came from, 'cause you're in a pouch. This is looking better, all things considered. I'm going to fall down on the ground. TMI. Problem. We were not effective. We need a plan. We do need help. We'll all try and keep each other alive. I was about to say, we can give him that pouch, and then he could have perfect proof. Then you suggested we sleep, and suddenly we don't need diamonds anymore. We should probably-- I get the distinct impression this is-- We technically go to the Feywild about once a year, at this point. At least, some of us. But since we are here... I'm not going to pretend I have a plan. I don't know what we're going to do. We are frighteningly outmatched. It's not like we can stop you. Oh my god. We wouldn't come by if it weren't an emergency. I think what Vax is trying to say is we need patrons. We need patronage. We're not enough. We are not enough for this. We are going to all die horribly if we try anything like that again. I don't know. Oh god. We have to deal with this. We need to get a slightly longer list, and we have to start begging. We are going to owe favors. We are going to owe our lives. We are going to lose. We'll see. We also probably want to alert the mortal coil that everything has gone to shit. Maybe if we do something even stupider than holding hands in a circle. I had to burn a resolve. I burned a resolve. I've got to make sure that I can use the resolve. Can I use resolve on this? Okay, in that case, 20. He is abundantly real. This makes me wonder if you've been doing it wrong this whole time. Vecna-dar. You may not want me in company for Sarenrae. I just don't want to say the wrong thing. This is a deeply-inappropriate convincing mena-men-mechanism. It is working. All right. You're a terrible person! Let's do one at a time. I think we're a bit beyond that, at this point. We're eventually going to have to tell somebody in charge what's happening. But to Sarenrae! Let's get this ball rolling. No. In for a penny. Let's let people know. We should probably tell them what's going on. People should start to prepare themselves for what's coming. We can't just keep this to ourselves. This is going to affect everyone. You're not here! You went shopping. So he's going to tell us a date that will mean nothing to us because we don't actually know the date we left because we don't know how dates work. Bidusday, Bidetsday. Bidusday, Biwhatsday. Biheyhay. This is like watching the DND icon crash. Well, that's convenient. Did you just say PS to someone? Did you say that out loud? Let's gather the boys and alert whatever government we can. This is the best retelling of this ever. Your picture is going to be up in a small office by the gates. Critical Role It all seems so stupid. (laughs) It's a 20. Oh god, this is everything I ever wanted! Let's hire new guards. Oh gosh, you are keeper of the giant eagle AC. Is that the takeaway from this? You should have killed the guard? I'm just checking. Oh wait, is that the-- This is the most hilarious thing I've ever seen. Either that, or that guard we left alive that one time ran into Grog and sounded the alarm. It was probably Vecna. What would be the odds of that one guard seeing him? This is a very big city. Are you sure? We could spend some time here. Have a drink, see the local color? I think the priests of the temple are going to alert-- give them the basic story of Vecna. To the Fire Ashari, and then to the fields of Elysium? To the Fire Ashari, then to the fields of Elysium. Just I Dream of Jeannie us there. That's next. We're going to alert all of the major cities of the continents that things have gone pear-shaped. Tree Stride. Stride like a tree. Seriously, that text is really tiny. I've never taken it into account. It makes me feel old. Thar Amphala. We barely escaped. He's in the north. New plan mimosas. Wow. No one's learned anything of value. Probably used them. Probably really wanted some ice cream. Tell it to the necromancer, pal. At the break, he said "I quit" and he walked out.