Finish it! Finish it, I dare you! (cheering) This is Syrinscape. I hit a random button in their Creepy Asylum set. It's rocking. We have some announcements that, in theory, I was supposed to have, but I don't. I know some of them off the top of my head. You can start there with Backblaze. You and me fucking both. Wow, it's only uphill from here. That's good. That was beautiful. Oh yeah. I was about to be nerdy enough to say that all vampires in the White Wolf universe are picked up by electronics. Yeah. There's only one clan that even is not reflected in the mirror. I know some of this! I don't know all of it. I remember some of this from high school. Got to be able to LARP this stuff. Do we have anything new in merch? Putting it out there for anyone watching that I don't have the rest of the announcements, so if there's anything that anybody wanted me to say, they should put it on here with a piece of paper at some point. We're going to be doing Slave Labor Graphics on Wednesday Club. It's going to be Johnny The Homicidal Maniac and all sorts of gothy comic books for Halloween. We're going to be doing Gather Your Ghost tomorrow because it's funny when I do a show three days in a row. Four days in a row here! You had free time; you could have pulled that together. Trying to think if there was anything else off the top of my head. I feel like I'm missing something. For the record, this is intimidating! Holy cow. I feel like I want to adjust my desktop settings. This is a lot. You should be. This is evil and terrible. This is a brand-new game system, so we're going to be taking it slow. For those of you at home who know Vampire The Masquerade, this is going to be a very barebones thing. We've cut a lot of fat. We've cut a lot of something. We've cut a lot of limbs from this baby, but it is going to be dark. There are going to be hints of what's going on in the real world, but we're keeping this very insulated, so it's not going to be a lot of world-building. Ah, thank you! No. Don't forget to submit your gif and fanart of the week to submit@talksmachina.com. You're still in Batman, which is great. I don't know if we're talking about Thrashtopia yet, but eventually we're talking about Thrashtopia because Thrashtopia's cool. CR podcast is now available through Amazon Alexa, apparently, which I did not know. It's available on Amazon Echo, Echo Dot, Echo Plus, and other Alexa-enabled devices. Just say, "Alexa, how do you want to do this?" and it plays. I don't know how things work. I think that's what Ben wanted me to say. Ben. This'll be a d10 system, so everyone remembers. It's going to be a six and above is a win. I'll explain the red dice. We're going to take this through, and it's going to be really weird. I am so sorry for everything that's about to happen. I'm going to try to maintain my cool. Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, hopefully people who are not too young to be scarred for life prepare for Critical Role Goth Vampire Edition. [dramatic music] (laughter) It's not going to save you. All right. When we last left off, we were finishing up a very emotional, very heavy and intense episode of Critical Role. We're going meta, people. It was a tough time; everyone went home. We packed up our stuff. Made our way out to our cars in the parking lot. And that's the last thing you remember before it all went black. You have been away for some time. You don't know how long it's been. You don't know where you are. You don't feel quite right. You feel disconnected. Something's a little off. You're hungry, you're thirsty, you're not entirely sure, but you're waking up and it is pitch black. Can you see anything? Take a look! It's very dark and there's nothing around. You're lying on your back. Each of you alone. Yes, you are in a coffin. (yelling) You're a voice actor. You call that shouting? The sound is deadened by the thick wood and the fabric. Yeah, give me a strength plus melee. A ten and a six, that's two successes. Oh no. Liam, something's wrong. You go up to touch your face, and it doesn't feel right. It feels like papier-mache, there's something weird. Laura, you rolled how many? How many did you get? Strength plus melee. You have to always use at least two of the red. Whatever red you have, you have to use. You give a sharp push and the top of the coffin cracks a bit. It snaps. You're welcome. You're feeling a little queasy. You're not feeling good. You got to hold on. One success? All right. You give it a push and it moves a little bit. Got a little shove. The coffin cover cracks in half. That's as far as you've gotten. Yours got a good little shove. If there was something to see outside, you would see something, but there's not yet. You start to hear a little bit of a squeak. You feel something wriggling around inside the box with you. If a mouse were bigger. That's a good guess. It could be something rat-ish. I don't know; do you? You're definitely feeling hungry, and it does strangely smell appetizing. Give me a dex roll. Give me dex athletics, just to be fun. See what that does. Yeah. Top of physical. These are complicated. It's going to take a second. Two failures? Are the two failures on red dice? Okay. You grab the rat and it bites you. But you're holding on. You're still not feeling very well, you can't react yet. Not yet, but soon. You're still a little weirded out by your face. You're still in your coffin. You feel wood, I suppose. There's another layer of wood above you. No light. Not yet. Do you want to do something with that rat? Take a big bite of that rat. All right, so give me one of your red dice. No, that's good. Mark your hunger, if you have a pencil, to just one X. Just one. I love that show. You're feeling a little better. You're feeling a little more clear-headed. This is not a good situation. You did just eat a rat. I'm going to point out it's not that you're not hungry any more. You're still hungry; you're just feeling a little better. No, you're good now. Give a good push. Give me either, yeah, fun, strength brawl or strength athletics to see if you can push it off. You got the coffin lid about halfway off now. You can almost make out a layer of wood above you. Yeah, strength brawl or strength melee. I'll give you options now. Two failures on the red? Ooh, that's interesting. I'm learning how this works, one second. Things can happen, man, I'm not going to say. I'm so sorry, I'm trying to find my one hunger. Yeah, you don't feel well at all. You start scratching at your wrists. You start digging in a little bit. You're going to take one damage and you're going to start sucking your own blood because things are getting weird. You're going to take one damage and sadly, you're getting a little weird. I'm going to give charisma animal ken. That's a good idea. It thinks that you are the nicest, sweetest, most wonderful person and is so excited that it may get to play with you and be a part of the game. It comes over and it's really-- You're two dice worth of hungry right now, man, that's pretty hungry. It's not that cute. A pescatarian would probably eat it. All right, good for you! Your hunger's at one. Give me one of your die. You actually just knocked-- Poor guy. It's okay. He's going to sleep. I'll get him his coffin later. You snap that in half, and now you've just got wood. One failure with the red? You crack through, but some of the wood splinters and gets lodged and you're going to spend a minute trying to pull some chunks of wood out of your fist. That was a good shot, though. You've got to catch the rat. How are you going to catch the rat? How are you going to catch it? Gotta catch 'em all! They like Disney films. Cheese. Amazon gift cards. You're going to do Pirates of the Caribbean? Let's give you manipulation animal ken. One failure on red? You grab it. You take a bite. You're going to lose one of those red die, but you are going to feel a little nauseous about this whole process. You are in a coffin. I'm amused by the throwing of the dice. All right. Yeah, you got a second. You hear someone claiming to be an internet celebrity. I feel like I should be able to bleed you for that. There's no lock, no. It was just sealed. You're starting to hear that you're obviously in a small group together. Rocky! You've managed to make your way out. You can crawl out. You take a look and you're on a set. You don't see their fingers, but you do see you're on a set. It looks pretty familiar. It might be the Nerdist set. Hasn't it turned us all into vampires? We'll get to that. The little light wall is sparking and flickering. This place is even more trashed than normal. Someone went through here. There's already a giant hole in the floor that's been blown through, and there are red X's in a circle and you've come out of one of them. You can see some of the wood has started to give a little bit and you can hear the tapping coming from the ground. Yeah. Sure, give me a strength brawl. All right. Yeah. Practically like Bruce Lee, you punch down and the floor splinters open and there's Laura Bailey with blood all over her face. It's rat butt, man. Even a vampire has some standards. You're making a lot of assumptions. Give me either strength brawl or strength melee. As long as there's no failure on the red, it doesn't matter. You punch through quite easily. It goes all right. Yep, that does it. It doesn't go well, but you get it open. Actually, five/two, that's fine. Liam does not look healthy. He looks almost like everything froze and cracked, like he was wearing a plaster mask that started to go. I would recommend leaving Sam, but yeah. You can roll together and we can add all of your successes together. There's also a thing, I'm going to remind you, you can do if you really don't like your roll, although I would save this for later, you can spend a willpower and reroll all the dice you don't like. But then your willpower goes down. Two tens. You hop over to Matt's little X. Oh, failures? So you walk over to Matt's little X and you kick down real hard and you go straight through all the way down to the bottom. He's fine! Was it a real failure? As long as it's not a one, it doesn't matter. A failure is a one on a red die. Six and above. Yeah, you don't have to worry about anything other than-- He looks all right. You guys look like maybe you've been clubbing. You're a little pale. Yeah. Was going to say, yeah, pick which baby, but yeah, no, that'll work. You do not have your phones on you. You want to actually take a look around, maybe? Why don't you do a perception awareness roll? Man, you heard another rat rolling around, and you're eyeing it. Not everyone has eaten a rat yet. I think there's one more rat around, you should go looking for that. A ten and a seven? Yeah, that'll do it. This is the most WB Vampire since the WB Vampires. So there's no one here. And it's kind of messed up. Oh, plus three. Something is wrong. Including a giant sign on the wall painted in blood that says "Something is wrong." No. To be fair, with the size of the palette, it looks a little bit like fingerpainting. It's way too good-looking to be part of the Thrashtopia set. How would you know? It's a little dark, Liam does not look okay. A bunch of them are broken. And it looks like they've been smashed, all of the furniture, the table and the two chairs in that section have been completely thrashed up and broken up. There's damage everywhere. It looks like a riot came through here. Yeah, it's maple syrup. It doesn't quite taste like maple syrup. How much do you taste? Try again? Give me one of your blood tokens. It's not maple syrup, but it tastes better than anything that you've ever experienced in your entire life, you feel great. Just one. That's all you're getting. But you're hungry, you're all hungry. So are you going to push towards the Twitch studio, or push towards the hallway? Towards the Twitch studio. You sadly can't quite get to it because there are piles of film memorabilia, there's a Power Ranger helmet, there's a Foosball table, it is just-- Not in the condition it's in! You can snap off a chair leg, that's okay, give me a strength athletics, I suppose. I'm still getting used to-- Yeah, give me a perception awareness. Oh, well, a perception investigation. Oh, yeah, it snaps right off, you've got a broken chair leg. You don't even have to roll for that, it's everywhere. That'll work great. Oh yeah, three and three including one crit? Boy, do you find that rat. Suddenly-- Rats are made of paper. Which one did I hand you again? Boy, you really saw that rat, and you got it. You catch it, and are you going to give it a bite? Give me a die, and you're at one hunger. By the way, your hunger level's however many red dice you have right now. Not on the Nerdist set, they're not that cool. Sorry, I'm going to be throwing so much shade, it's going to be really bad. There are, but that door is not opening. You're going to have to maybe-- You can check to see if it'll open. Are you going to be-- Are you going to try and be stealthy about it? Super stealthy. How quietly are you going to open the door? Yeah, give me a dex stealth. You start to vanish as you're pushing the door, you're get a little-- You let me know when you want to want to use it, and I'll tell you what roll to make, but there are rules to it right now! You can try and get fancy with it later, and it might get fancy, but play around, see what works and what doesn't. You don't know how this shit works. You can open the door very quietly. The lights in the hallway are flickering. They're not working well. They've got that weird fluorescent crackle when things are left to go to rot. You can hear the hum of the server room right across from you. And some sort of squishy sound coming from the server room. There's some sort of awful (squishy noises). I literally have their location written in my notes, that makes me so happy. Really. They're at least at the table, and there's something happening in the server room. It's dark in the kitchen, but you can't quite tell what's happening. Everyone roll a dex stealth. Since you did so well, I'm going to let you walk one through, although that's not quite how it works. No, I'll let you go. Two tens? All right! You guys make a little bit of noise, and-- --there's noise, there are things. You don't see anybody, but you can hear stuff moving around. So the big door, the big door for the Twitch studio. I mean, yes, as long as you're not pointing in the game, because then you're pointing at the front, but if you're pointing at the table, then yeah, that's the door. I'm trying to find my points. (creepy ambient sound, repeating "Where are you?") Yeah, there's some weird sounds coming from everywhere, but there's a big, bloody sign written on the main door to the Twitch stage. It says, "I was born in a box, how do I end?" With a question mark. And below it is a circle that's been drawn in blood, and set into four corners. In one corner is a heart, in another corner there's a face, in the other corner is a glowing sun, and in the other corner is a cross with a circle. It's a circle, cut in four. With a heart, a head, a sun, and a cross. Right, does anybody actually have a card key that gives them access to the prop closet? Where is it? The Foosball table is missing, the couch has been overturned. There are in fact, for some strange reason, Lucky Charms in the cabinet. You can, go ahead and have a handful. They taste like rat droppings. You can still taste them. It's the worst thing ever. The marshmallows are like fuzzy bits of lint inside of rat droppings, I'm so sorry. It doesn't taste right. Reroll stealth before you do. Dex stealth. Oh no. What's your current hunger? Yeah, your forehead starts to elongate a little bit, and your eyes begin to glow, you start to kind of have a little bit of a twitch, and you're getting a little feral. You do see your reflection in the server room window. Are you looking in the server room window? That's not a server. Whatever's in the server room, it doesn't quite look like a server. If they made them out of meat. MATT, TALIESIN, and Normally I wouldn't do this on this, but it's amusing me. So even though this was a failure, I figure I may as well hit that now since you started to change. The server is pulsating and thwapping against the window like it's trying to get out. How close to the window--? Make a perception roll into the window. You can do perception investigation, if you like, or perception awareness. One failure on the red die? You are suddenly panicked when you realize-- you get distracted for looking in the room when you realize that you can see Marisha's reflection, but you don't see yours. Suddenly, the door to the server room bursts open. It flies open. As you stop, you see Dani Carr. With a big smile on her face. A very big smile on the face. And a tea set! And she ignores you and takes the tea over into the Geek & Sundry bullpen, humming a little tune as the door shuts behind her with whatever's writhing and wriggling in there. She didn't seem to acknowledge you. She looked a little gaunt, definitely, but her eyes had sunken in a little bit and her skin was a little too tight for her skull. Everything looked a little thinned and darkened. To the bullpen. To the Geek & Sundry bullpen to Marisha and Sean's office in the back. How close are you going to get? She's ignoring. She takes the tea set, if you can look around, into Sean's office, humming the whole time. The door shuts behind her. You couldn't get a good look at what's going on. The lights, again, are all a little iffy. If you're crawling in that direction, you can definitely start taking a look around and see what's up there as I find my bullpen. Other than a commemorative Chun Li statue. The foam one? Are you going into the Geek & Sundry bullpen? Chris is in the bullpen. Chris is ignoring you. Chris is sitting at his desk and his eyes have sunken all the way almost into the back of his head. His mouth is very terse and he's wearing a sign and he's working on the socials. You also see that the window has been blocked and covered. They look like people wearing some weird makeup who are very dehydrated and they're all wearing signs around their neck and really trying hard-- Are you going in enough to see it? As far as you can see so far, between Chris, Sax, Arcade, and Audrey, they are all occasionally making eye contact with you, but not really keeping it, and they're all wearing signs that say "Drink Me." SAM and They are terrified. Is anybody above a hunger three right now? Three or above? Do you have three red dice, or is everybody at least at two? MATT, LAURA, and They smell weirdly good. There's an almost candied sensation. They smell like the first bowl of Lucky Charms you ever had in your life. They are all sitting at their desks, either working or pretending to work, it's hard to tell. Dani comes bursting out of the office without a tea tray, sits down at her desk and meets your gaze. "Yeah?" "Oh, you're all awake! That's great." "Sean doesn't drink tea, that's true." "No. No, Sean's working on the server." "Who can say? That's just a matter of opinion, that could be anything. I'd have to ask "upstairs. I could write an email!" "Of course! Of course I know what's going on; that's my job. I know what's going on." "I don't understand the question. That's odd." "Oh, they're having a creative meeting right now." "The creative team." This is most assuredly an LDN thing. (laughter) Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Give me a perception investigation because you don't have an awareness issue. That thing in there is definitely meat and it's some sort of weird-- it's built out of a lot of different things and it seems to be interconnected to something that goes up higher into the building. It's part of some sort of machine. It smells kind of good. Not great, but it smells pretty good. But it's locked. Not that you can tell. How well and intimately do you know Sean? Could you recognize him by just parts? You don't see his head anywhere, I'll go that far. Man, I warned y'all. Yeah, if you look really closely you tell that there's parts that were not ground up appropriately and are definitely-- Chris is frozen with fear. There is a foam sword by his-- He almost tells you not to take it, and then thinks better of it when Dani looks at him. "We won't know what's going on until the creative meeting is over. You would have to talk "to them." Yay! You go into the creative meeting? You walk in. Inside are Eric, and I think it's Matt Key. Eric's sitting on the little green grass carpet. They've got the tea set out. There's a couple different tea cups and he's sitting there having a sip of tea. Weirdly, Whitney Moore is sitting there with him. They look normal, except their eyes. There's large black circles around their eyes and their mouths are blackened over in this very weird gray puffy mold. It's almost like there's a mold around their mouths and eyes. In the corner is Matt Key, who is working on an iPad, but it's only the arm and the head of Matt Key. He seems to have sprouted spores. There's an old, flowering pile of gray mushrooms that still have Matt Key's face and hand as he's working in the corner that has crawled up and covered the window. Eric and Whitney see you come in and go, "Oh thank god, "Marisha, we've been waiting. It has been very weird. Come down, have some tea, it's just what "you need." As they sit and drink tea. Have you ever seen a telephone in this place? There was an extra hole in the ground and I was already broken open. That's all I'm going to say. They're giggling a lot and they're talking about "Dad." "Dad's coming back any second "now. Dad has plans. Have some tea. We'll explain everything." "Taliesin was here. Taliesin left. He went to go deal with something. But Taliesin was here." "Out." You're going to walk towards the front door? LAURA and You don't know. You actually haven't seen a working window yet. So far! Eric and Whitney see you do this and laugh their ass off. And then, "Key! Key! Put that "in, put that in, that's great! That's great! Aw, Matt! Matt! Genius! No, we're going to use that!" Key has a smile and he's writing everything down. He's just iPad-ing, "Key. Key, "buddy. You doing all right?" Roll a straight dexterity roll. Dexterity dodge. Let's get weird. All successes except for one? He's been writing down everything the two of them have said. Oh yeah, it's all there. He's taken down every note of everything he can hear. No. It's a creative meeting. He writes, "I voice Doctor Strange. I love Doctor Strange. Key!" It's gray and weird looking. All right. Roll stanima. LAURA, MARISHA, and Stamina. Roll stanima. What am I going to add to that? Just roll stanima-- I can't say it right, I know. So just a failure on the one-- Okay, but a success on the reds. Nothing. This is going to sound weird, roll charisma persuasion. There's still tea. It doesn't matter where a failure is, just tell me the number of successes. Okay, and the other red didn't hit a one? It doesn't matter failures, it's just successes. So it's fine. So two successes. Actually, hold on. That's right, I can do this. I've got a thing for this. Key actually twitches and you hear this snap of a whole bunch of mushrooms and spores as his neck (clicks). There's a little puff. Were you close enough to sniff it? "We're going to add that in. It's going to be great." "Oh yeah, we have Alpha money. We've never had this kind of money before. They're "letting us do so much." Did you sniff the snorts? Spores. (mispronouncing) Sniff the spores? Sniff the s'mores? There were s'mores, but-- Roll stanima, just tell me what happens. Feels good to be on the other end of this, doesn't it? Fuck off. Yes. (laughter) Yeah, you're fine. Nothing weird. You do notice that the tea they're pouring is red. And it smells pretty good. No Arwen. Probably for the best, because I'm not that, you know. So as you sip the tea, Eric and Whitney giggle, talk, and make notes. "There's a big thing "happening tonight. There's going to be a big new change to the show. And as soon as we get that "little lock problem off of the Twitch stage, everything will be great. We've been trying to "figure out how to open the Twitch stage, and there's a little lock, and he's very excited for "you to figure out his little puzzle. He says it shouldn't be too hard for people like you to "figure out." "We've been talking to Father. Father has been helping us redesign the show, it's going "to be really good." "No. (giggling) No, he's very excited, though. He's very excited for you to figure out "his little riddle. It's going to be good. You should figure out his riddle. Can we help you? I "mean, I know you're not supposed to be in this meeting. We're really thankful that you're here, but--" "Sure, but we kind of had the room?" It tastes good. It tastes a little weird. It tastes really good. Tastes like blood. It's a little bitter. It's good. We'll find out, won't we? You want to hustle? As you turn the corner to the front door-- "Yeah." Of course it is. As you turn the corner, Lego Hardwick has been propped up in front of a red velvet curtain, with a sign that's blocking off the whole front. It says "Your funeral." Somehow he looks less creepy. I'm not entirely sure how they pulled that off. Matt, really quickly, roll a wits and willpower. Hold on. You felt a weird push towards that curtain that you can't quite identify. That was very odd. That's very strange. He gets just far enough to grab his hand onto the curtain, and a beam of daylight comes streaking right through and hits you square in the head. He doesn't cry out. No, nothing happens. Slowly, the two halves of you separate at the head. And Matt Mercer drops into a pile of ash. (shouting) Just ash. Marisha, there is nothing funny about this. You shouldn't be laughing. You're not there? Oh shit. Well you certainly are hearing screaming now. You are having the best creative meeting ever, by the way. It's not going to help you. You can. You hear thunderous sounds of something being tossed around really violently upstairs, like somebody is doing demolition up there and then it suddenly stops. You can see, from your vantage point, everyone in the front office of Geek & Sundry looks up. And then goes right back to work, like trying to pretend that nothing happened. You do not get that far. Do you try and stand up? Yeah. What did we learn about drinking the tea? I will also say while it is not sun tea, it is Sean tea. It is made of Sean. With a hint of mushroom for flavor. As you go to stand up from the grass, you notice that-- Your legs have turned into little mushrooms in the grass. And they're starting to push through your abdomen as well, and come up through your throat. Make a stanima-- a stanima roll. Just kind of a simple one. Ones are the only fail. There's a big X when you go wrong. The stuff starts sticking to you in a way that you don't like, and it burns a little bit. You probably want to wipe your hands off. And while you were wiping her off, it was starting to go straight through the skin like there was nothing under there other than mushrooms. And that's the last thing Marisha ever said. (shouting) She leans right over and you've got powder on your hand. (shouting) Suddenly, Christian bursts into the room. He is covered in blood and says, "Can you "keep it down?" He does. "You guys are making a lot of noise, and people are trying to work. God!" And he goes back out. Actually, Dani's one of the few who isn't. "He said I had to. I'm sorry, I can't--" He's not in a mood to talk. He does smell-- Well, no, you're at one. You're fine. Suddenly the creative room stops. All eyes turn to Liam. And they slowly start to get up. "You have Hamilton tickets?" Whitney and Eric slowly move towards you, and as they open their mouths a little wider, you see that there is nothing in there. It's just a void in their mouths. Let's do dexterity with brawl. Three successes? You get her right in the face. She falls down with a big cut right across her face. This black dust comes poofing out of it like soot. She's giggling on the floor, rolling around in laughter. The whole room starts to bend, glitter, and shift. Everything's getting a little soft in there. Maybe you've been breathing too many of the spores. How do you feel like you're seeing things? You're either seeing something or you're not. If you're seeing it, it's either real or it isn't. It doesn't feel good. It feels like things are going to turn on you at any second. It's up to you if you backed up with everybody. Strength brawl. Strength brawl. Get weird. What's your power again? Okay, never mind. I know what your power is. Six successes, no fails? Your foot goes right through the center of him in a big poof of soot. When you pull out, he is again on the ground hiccuping in a laugh and the shoe you were wearing is now a different shoe than you have on your other foot. It's not a nice shoe. It's definitely a Ross Men's For Less shoe. Dani's looking at all of you. She is. "I agree." "Yes, I know." "Jazz hands." Not at the moment. Her eyes do have the weird little mold. There's a little bit of the mold, the closer you look, the lips and eyes, little bit of the gray mold going on. "No." Dani goes into her desk and she pulls out a key card for you all. And a little wooden stake. She's like, "You should probably get going, there's a lot of "work to do if you're going to make it to the Twitch show on time." She goes back to working on her unpowered laptop. Everybody's is black screens. Everybody's typing on nothing. They don't have as much of the-- they're still there, they're not giggling. "No." Arcade's trying to not even look at you guys. There's another huge thump above from the offices above and the sounds of knives scraping into walls and glass. What power do you have right now? Something feels weird, but it doesn't quite work right. You don't know what you felt, but you felt a little vibration. Good vibration. Yeah, you felt a little twitch. He looks afraid, but he's cowering a little bit. What am I going to do? Roll a d10. How many red do you have right now? Roll a d10. You have a moment when you touch him where you really think about tearing right into that throat. Your fangs start to grow. Bit of both. "You don't want to go upstairs." You can try and drag him. "I want to stay here." What's the roll for that? To be fair, I'm going to let you have this. You can hear all of this. Travis, I have a gift for you. Not until the sun sets. Dust and mushrooms. We are marrying dust and mushrooms. In a little while, when we come back, we will be going to the Twitch area. You guys are adorable. I'm having fun torturing you all. I've got so many worse things to happen. Guys, thank you for enjoying my attempt to hang onto these rules that I've written down. Things are going to get a little weirder because I'm going to inform of them of a couple new rules that they can now play with since they're starting to vamp out a bit more. Sadly, two of our party are dead and are going to have to not come back to the table. You rolled really high. I was going to shove you out there because you are what you are. It's in an inside joke that probably 100 people watching our stream right now are like, "Oh, I "know what Matt was." It was kind of cute. Nothing you need to know about until maybe next week. We'll talk about it. Guys, thank you so much. I think we're going to have a giveaway for something in the chat and I believe we're going with "Bloodbath." I hope you're enjoying this madness. It's going to get weirder and I hope you enjoy where we're going with all this. We'll be back in a few minutes once we've watered or had other things to drink. We'll see you soon. Dude. I get the theming. I'm kind of-- Two nasty little children gone. Four sweet little children left. The winner of our in-chat giveaway is Cloaked_roamer. Won a Wyrmwood set of ill-repute that I'm not entirely sure of what it is or what it does, but it is a thing and I'm far too nervous trying to run this game with all of these papers that I'm so glad you can't see-- It does apparently. Cloaked roamer? And then I'm doing a little thing to help you guys out really quickly before we come back to the game. So that I know what I'm doing because this is crazy. I hope you all are having a good time. And just to remind you what's painted on the floor when we get there. No, you've heard that. No. A foam sword. I think she may have given you a keycard also. Because she was just-- I'm having fun in the most terrifying way possible. Oh man, this is intense. I don't even know if this is a high, I'm not sure what this is. This is jumping out of an airplane without a parachute, but knowing that it's foam underneath. So yeah, let's pick back up. For some reason, my volume is-- So you make your way back, quietly through the mess. There we are. Jesus. I'm going to switch to another one, see what happens. I don't know what any of these audio buttons do, so it's fun for everybody. I'm reeling it in. It's good. You know, you could probably hear that from somewhere. We'll deal with that. Only I know. Don't think I don't have plans. So you make your way. Do you want to go through the hallway or through the Nerdist office? I have the blueprints to the whole building right here. I know where every window is; I know where every office is. Yeah. Make a perception investigation roll. Yeah. Anybody who wants to make perception investigation roll. Perception plus investigation, which is right below it. That will do. What's your hunger level? Just the only one? Not for one. You get distracted going through people's stuff and you're going to get left a little behind. You'll be at the back of the line by the time this is done. Three successes? No, you didn't find anything. You've found it. I'll tell you what you did find. You found a Playstation VR system. But very used. It was already a little iffy, but it's definitely not been happy for the past however long it has been. Like Lucky Charms. He was wandering-- he went into the corner, to Elise's desk and he found underneath her desk something that will do. It's a replica knife that seems to be pretty solid. It's a Lord of the Rings replica elf knife. It's not exactly sharp, but it will do the trick. Oh, you're going for that? All right. Roll a d10. We're doing that next. Roll a d10. Okay. So what's your roll? I mean, what's your-- And it's just straight-up? Let me double check just because I'm learning how these powers work. I know. I'll find it. And what's your roll for that? Four? Make a intelligence versus willpower roll. Oh. Just intelligence and willpower. Yeah, you roll that. Charisma plus persuasion. I'm making this a versus because normally, it's not. But this is weird. Two success. Do you want to burn a willpower to reroll? Reroll everything you don't like and burn a willpower. He's your bro, man. And also, take an extra die. You're here to keep everybody safe but you're-- On the VR? I think I was going to have you roll to see if you get pink eye, but never mind. I feel so bad, I'm so mean to Nerdist. Nothing of event walking through here. Nothing weird. You're at the door. There's the big circle. You're in the kitchen again. There's the big circle on the floor and there's the bloody sign on the big door. No, it's-- The funniest thing of course is there's prob-- well no, I guess there would be a little power to it. It's probably pretty glitchy. So yeah, you get to the stage again and big red letters that says, "I was born in a box. "How do I end?" Something is wrong. Make an intelligence test. No, just Sam. Straight intelligence test. No, straight intelligence test, you fucker. I have your stats here. Okay. You know me, I've been busy all week. This is not a word scramble. I don't have time for that shit. Thank you. And there is a circle on the floor. Or a head, or a face. I followed you. Nothing happens. They were born from a tube. Sorry. How much you overestimate me. No. When you put the stake on the ground by the heart, there's this low, bassy thud. The blood that the heart was drawn with start to turn black and crackle. And it boils there, gently. This is a big building. You don't see anybody. The keycard does in fact open the prop closet. It's a very good keycard. That's better than my keycard. Yeah, the prop closet opens. You can hit the switch. Doesn't turn on. To be fair, you can see okay. You don't see-- Especially if you want to burn a little blood, you can see really well if you're looking for something in particular, but it's the prop closet. It's a ruined, dishevelled mess of ephemera, toys, prop weapons, costumes. It's exactly the way you remember it. Yes, but it is the same smell it's always had, which has been very iffy. I don't know. It's whatever you really imagine, the wonderful-- There's obviously some rats living in here, if you went diving for them. It was pretty good. All right. Do a perception investigation. You can take a look. You find a rubber rat and you bite it. I'm personally a fan of the taste of rubber rats. I think it's nice and the texture's pretty positive but your tooth gets a little weird. It doesn't feel right. Three successes? Ooh, that's pretty solid. You do in fact find a rat hiding behind one of the costume bins and if you want to tear for it, you got to give me a dex melee or dex brawl. Roll for it. All right. Punch that rat. Where are you guys going? Audrey was there. Max was there. A couple of people. It's a rat. I'll let you have it for one. No. How many red dice do you have? It doesn't go away. Drink me. He's going to try and fight you off. He starts to panic and as it is happening, he's going to fight you off. What's the roll on that? All right. Give me charisma intimidation. And my charisma willpower for my humans. There we are. He's not frozen. He's hiding in the corner. Which t-shirts? Thank you for being respectful. There's a single tear. No. I get the distinct impression this has already happened. They know what's going down. Are you going to go for a bite? Give me a strength brawl. Let me double-check. Hold on. Actually, strength brawl plus two. One on the red. He manages to just barely fight you off. He's hidden under the desk now. He's trying to crawl away. Give me a strength brawl plus two. All right. You get one point back. You lose one. Do you want to go any further? Keep drinking or do you want to-- I'm sure there's a way to do it. He's now bleeding from the neck. As he goes back to his-- not pouring, but bleeding. Are you backing out of the room now to join the rest? Not that you can see. You've seen that office. Everything's ridiculous. Perception investigation. You can combine your roll if you like. Good call. Perception investigation. As you walk by, you see Dani come walking through the office. She smiles, walks by. You see her go into the office and she says, "Chris, we need you to "help update the server. Come on." And then she walks by, carrying the bleeding Chris over to the server room. Sam, do you-- No. I'm just waving this. Two tens. That's a critical. That is a critical. You have found some World of Warcraft prop swords. See, I did know where they were. I did. There were right here. I know you're not watching, Marisha. I knew where they were. You found some prop stakes, but to be fair, a prop stake is still a piece of wood. That's still stake-y. You found two stakes and you found a very weird silver chalice. It's interesting-looking. Could be something. Could be nothing. No idea. Ren-Faire style. It's made out of a metal. Actually, what's your strength? That's pretty good. That's a 110 pound-- that's a normal human. You're not quite supernatural, but you could be fine with it. It's a good dagger. It's the S-curled one, it's got the nice little-- I know. You know, there's still time. Things can still get weird. We'll see. It's slightly smaller than a children's four-square court. It's bled up into the door. It feels like it's some sort of seal against the door itself. That's really fascinating. The ashes start to mix with-- can't believe you did that. So frustrated. The ashes start to mix with the sun symbol and it starts to boil. Well, you didn't bring any of the mushrooms because they looked a little-- He doesn't. He wiped them off. My god, we've finally found a part of-- The recording booth door is locked. Yeah. You don't have anything fancy for that. Do a strength athletics just for fun. That's a tough door, though. (sighs) Man, I was really hoping-- well, it's okay. I honestly wanted that door to survive because it's the most obnoxious door in the entire building. It's the most obnoxious door in the entire building. It's the only one the keycard won't open. I don't know why. But that door comes off its hinges and pops open. It goes flying off. Oh yeah. In the darkened room, you can see in the corner there's two Twitch hosts cuddled up, hiding. They've been down there-- No, it's not Erika. It appears to be Amy Dallen and Jody Houser hiding in the corner. Jody has been furiously scribbling because she's afraid she still actually has a deadline if she ever gets out of here. Amy Dallen has been slowly building a little fort out of the computers to stave off whatever it is that's been-- Jody. Amy and Jody. It's okay. I've been doing a lot of Josie lately. "Travis?" "It's not safe! Shut the-- oh." "There's things out there you don't-- oh, there's bad things out there." "Yeah. Of course." You don't need to be invited in, really. I'm glad you asked, though. It's very polite. Yeah, they saw it but-- They're hip to what's going on and you do not look like what they're afraid of. They're not afraid of you yet. Yeah. "Just food and drinks. That's all we've just--" Mm-hmm. Nothing. No, I mean food and drink. They've got a stash of-- they obviously raided a terrible Nerdist shoot for Cheetos and whatever. And, weirdly, yet another box of Lucky Charms. I don't know why we have so many of them. Does anybody-- So depending on how loud you were, they probably couldn't hear you. Yeah, it opens just fine. Man! You are nervous! As far as you can tell, it's just food and drink. What's the roll for that? Or a perception against people, I believe. So who are you running it against? And you can use it to figure out things like what kind of creature someone is, you can get a notion of how they're feeling. Yeah, Jody may have snapped a little. It's tough to tell. Sure. Make the roll and I'm going to use my fancy rolls now because things are going to get weird. Have a blood die. That one after. I think you get it next roll. Three successes, no failures? And what's it versus for her? That is something you do hear, but it's coming from somewhere. Oh yeah. She's scared, but she's been here for a while and it's tough to tell how long and has gone into full fight-or-flight mode and has definitely gone fight. And you definitely get the sense that, and you can read this from her aura, she is human and she has killed something within the last 72 hours. You don't know what. (sighs) "There was a man. He was older. I didn't recognize him and he came with people. "There was some creature and something's wrong with Ivan and--" "There was these things with these large eyes and these vacant mouths and I fought one and "then we've been hiding in here. I don't know how long." "Yeah, they do that." "It is! I would say it's been a long couple days, except I don't know how long it's been." "How about you put the door back and we'll reinforce it and then knock seven times when "the coast is clear because no one will knock seven times, because that's ridiculous." Yeah, it's pretty bare. There's just the desks and a decent rough cut of Thrashtopia rolling on one of the monitors that's flickering. Good, man. Wow, that's a nice vampire. That's good. Where are you at? Three? All right. We'll see how we feel in a minute. Cool. That's a great question. Because you have a second-level version, right? You're going to be super sneaky. You're going to burn a blood for that. Roll a d10. What did you get? Oh yeah, you get-- actually, this is not the normal rolls. This is me doing terrible things because this is a short game. You turned practically invisible, but it cost you. So you're going all the way back? Past the library? Things start to get very weird back there. So as you turn the corner, the ground starts to slowly get dark and strangely inky. That whole office that you're used to seeing has been cleared and is empty. There's a table in the middle of the room. And in the darkness, you can't quite see the walls. It's like you turned the corner and there's a table, almost in a void. And at the table are four people playing cards. It's Ivan. Ivan van Norman is playing cards with Amy Vorpahl and Damion Poitier and Sam. They're all sitting, playing cards. Ivan-- No, the other Sam. And Sam are playing cards. It's not a game you recognize. Ivan's having a great time. Everybody else looks a little nervous. They do. Ivan smells pretty good, but Ivan smells a little burnt and his hair is-- what is the most terrifying thing I can say about hair? It's like Yahoo Serious hair. That is the most terrifying. Thank you. It's standing up like he's been shocked, like he's been putting his tongue in a socket. Oh yeah. They're all the way out. They don't, and it would be-- Damion's back is to you, although Sam has just pulled a card. They're showing the card. And they're showing the card to Ivan. You can't quite make out what Ivan's saying, but Sam's not having a good time about it and is arguing with the rules for some strange reason. And out of nowhere, a large spider comes out and pulls very quickly Sam entirely away from the table. Whatever is back there. And then a chair floats into view and rolls up to where Sam was. You just heard screams and a spider clack of (muffled sounds). Ivan turns. "Amy, you're up." Yeah, Ivan's running a game, and it's Amy's turn. That might be difficult, but you can give it a try. There's no roll for that second Obfuscate. You just burn and you do it, right? Roll a wits stealth. It's okay. This will work just fine. Oh yeah. Yeah, you do. Two failures on the red? All right, this is fun. How hungry are you? Here's the deal you're going to get seen. But we'll deal with that, because I want you to make a note you are hangry. As in life. No, I have options here, and I'm going hangry. You are down three on any persuasion or subterfuge rolls because you are not going to be subtle or cunning about anything. Until you feed, you're going to be really on edge. Amy Vorpahl frighteningly pulls a card, puts it down, closes her eyes. Ivan pulls the card, looks at it, smiles. Not yet. And then Ivan turns to Amy, and Amy... it's like every piece of her rotates 45 degrees against itself. Not like meat, but like glass, and then she shatters like a mirror. And then a new chair pops right up. No, it's just glass. No, she smelled pretty good. Ivan turns to you, but Damion has not seen you. Okay, you have surprise on him, but not Ivan. Ivan's going to allow it. Roll-- actually, since this is surprise. Roll wits. This is going to be weird. Roll wits and stealth. I'm going to make this a weird one. Yeah, try it again. How much are you going to eat him? Are you going to eat him a little, some, or a lot? Okay. Not all of it? One success? That didn't count, because that hit paper. Ignore me. Boy, he did not see you coming. Nope. Yeah, but only one point worth, because that was not a lot of success. He's very conscious and aware that something is on his neck right now, and he's freaking out. He's going to take a swipe at you. Yeah, he's a big guy. He's currently wearing my jacket, too, so if you get any blood on my jacket, I'm going to be very upset. No, he's wearing my jacket because I lent it to him at the end of Wednesday Club last week, and I haven't gotten it back yet. That got weird. Thank you. So I'm figuring out how to do this. He's going to try and kick you off. Roll dex dodge, because he's going to try and take a swipe at you. Dex dodge, and if you want, you can burn willpower to roll the ones you don't like over again. Anything over a six? Burn a will. Do you see those little will dots? You burn one, and you can reroll any of the dice you like. You can reroll as many dice as you like on one roll, for one willpower. That's all you needed. There's a rule that I forgot, but that's okay. I'll do it next time. I'll remember that. Succeed at a cost. I keep forgetting about succeed at a cost. It's really cool. Yeah, you slap him down, and you're right back in his neck, if you want to do a strength plus two for your vampire fangs. Yeah, strength plus two dice. One success? You get one more out of him. Why do you keep hitting my mouse, man? Do you want to keep draining or do you want to back off? Are you going to back off or you just let go? Are you going to push him forward against the table? (snorts) Yeah, fuck it. That's funny. I'm going to let that happen. He slips as you push him towards the table and he leaves his seat and falls off into the darkness. He falls like he fell off a building down. He was on the table and you pushed off and pushed him off his seat and there's no floor apparently because he just dropped. You seem to be standing on it fine, but it didn't work for him. "Hey, Laura. It's so good to see you. This is great." "I've been really excited. I've been wanting to get you in one of my games for a while. "This is the best one I've put together in quite a while." "That was fun. My whole game has gone to another level. I've had a really-- this has "been a good year. You want to play?" "I think it could be worth your while." "I do. I know a lot about what's going on. I have talked to so many people." "Oh, yes I have. It's been fascinating." (sighs) "I feel you haven't earned that kind of information yet. Honestly, I feel that "this whole sneaking-up-on-my-game and trying to like-- honestly, costing Damion his turn. That's "just tacky." "There's no sides. We're all friends and it's just a game. You want to play the game?" "I'll make it worth your while. You win a little bit and maybe there'll be some answers in "here for you." "Well, here's what I'll say. I have so many cards that could be pulled and the cards they "pulled are already gone--" "See, if you think about it though, Travis is really the reason this is happening "right now. The whole theory for this game is because of Travis. You should pull a card. He "really likes it when you pull cards." "Pulling cards makes the Father happy." "Sit down." "It entirely depends on the question." You feel heavy as you sit down. "Marisha drank the tea? Oh, he's not going to be happy. Why would she-- that's not smart." "Yeah, that'll happen." "Oh, that's really complicated. That's a very complicated question. There's a lot happening "and I'm going to be honest with you. Not all of this was the plan. I specifically get the feeling "that a lot of this has gone a little off-track." "It does, doesn't it? I'm doing what I can, but really, what can we do other than trying "to make some good content, you know?" "That's a cute, clever puzzle. How are you doing on that?" "What have you solved so far?" Electricity crackles from the back of his spine and seems to make an arcing pattern through the darkness that's almost a circuit breaker. "Oh, heart and sun. Not bad." "I'm running a game here. I got to be on top of it. If you're not on top of it, that's how you lose!" (sighs) "It's just crazy, the sorts of people you work with here, isn't it?" "Yeah. He'll be very happy if you take a card. You can yell for people, by the way. There's no "problem. This is a game for everybody." And you do have-- How loud? No. (laughs) Yeah, no, that's fair. "I mean, we can call everybody over if you like." "All right." Pick a card. Make a pull. Yes. There is no Void card in this set because this is not a Deck of Many Things. You pulled the Two of Swords. Oh dear. Two of Swords is two bleeds. Suddenly, blood gets sucked straight out of your fingertips through the card into the base. Two more. "That was a rough pull." "But everything has a price and so for that, swords. Swords are about knowledge. So what "do you want to know?" "If I can answer it, I will. I'll find something I can answer." "That's too broad." Well, let me find out on my sheet. (laughter) No, you did okay. So there are-- Swords are about-- it's taken it. They've closed up. The card itself gave you paper cuts and sucked everything out and then they-- Right on the fingertips, too. "Heads are knowledge. They're the base of consciousness. You need to make an offering of "understanding. You need to find a symbol of understanding what's happening and what you are. "You need to find something that expresses that understanding." "Yes, and you have to prove it now. So you have to find something that proves that you "know that you're vampires, something of intellectual proof of it. Now, I might know where "something is, but that's another question." "Things have gotten weird." "It made Father very happy. I think you should pull a card, too." "That card's only one pull, so that's fine." "The other Sam." Have you sat down, by the way? "Hopefully I'll be here when you get back, but fine." "No, I need a player." "I don't care who you send in. I just need a player." The bathrooms are sadly the bathrooms, except more so. You found some toilet paper. You found some toilet paper. You found the weird little ghost that hides in the-- have you ever seen the ghost on the pipe? You can pull that lever and see what happens. You guys are going to go check out the library wall? So, are you guys going as far as the bookcase? Are you guys going deeper in? You want to take a look at the bookcase? There was a map that you guys could find, but you're never going to find it, which makes me laugh really hard. But yes, there's a-- All right. You can do a perception investigation. Or you can use occult, if that's a better number for you as well. You got a one on a red? You both failed on a red, but what was your score total? You guys, you talk about looking at the bookshelf, but you're just talking to each other, and going back and forth talking about how foolish Laura was to trust you. Yeah, you're just doing a bit. You just keep doing a bit. Yuck, nope, nevermind. That didn't happen. "She can't stand up until I say so and I need a player." "You can try and stand up." Okay, you now see what's in front of you, once you're-- I feel like I'm the only one who's explored this entire building. There are some nooks and crannies, man. Spend enough time back there and it's a real void. It's kind of intense. "Come sit." Three. Two. Two empty chairs along with her. "Or once I have somebody else sitting down, somebody else can get up." "Is anything safe? I mean, come on, people." Are you going to walk or are you going to jog? All right, well done, you. You go really fast. You go really fast. I was really hoping you were going to try and hit Arcade at some point and there was just going to be a fwap! But no, you were so nice. If we burn that blood, you are back in seconds with Max. He doesn't even really quite register what happened. You just have an extra blood die now. He is at the point where he is just going to do what he's told, so he sits down. Yeah, you can get up. This is my best Max face. I don't know how well it's coming out. (laughter) "It's this creature. It's just teeth and claws and I'm not going to say wolf, but there's "something up there that's big and--" "It's been a lot. There's been a lot that's happened." "After the last game? That's the last thing you--" (sighs) "It's been a long week." "I haven't seen the sun in three days, four days? I don't know what-- no one knows what's "going on. Things have gotten very weird, but you've got to get us out of here." He's waiting for another player. "I can't get up." "I, and I'll say, if you wanted to see if you can figure out a little bit more about "what's happening, can't win if you don't play." "Max, you want to pick another card?" As long as Max doesn't get up. Sit down. Draw a card. Yeah, what are you at? You stand up. Actually, I'm not even going to bother with this. Ooh. Yeah, that's-- okay. You, at a speed that no one can even grasp, you stand up, there's a blur, and before anyone can notice, you are at zero health. You are fine. Give me all your blood dice. Your blood is at zero. You're not hungry at all. You're not hungry. Max is very pale, and he's not moving. The only reason Max isn't slumping over is he's still glued to the seat. Max is dead. You go in and try and stab Ivan? All right. Let's do dex plus-- You still get a question. We'll see how it goes. Dex plus melee. Yeah. No, you have a weapon. Yeah, take it. I'll tell you what. What's your level two power? Oh, that's right. You're obfuscate. Never mind. No. You can take a stab. See how it goes. I'm letting you do dex melee. I love it. Three successes and crit? Two successes and a crit. Okay. So I'm going to give you success with point. You pin him with the blade to the table. "That's uncalled for." "This is really-- this is a lot. This is a lot." No. No. He's stuck to the chair, though. "I feel like there's things that need to be addressed before we get to a question. I want "to play the game as much as anybody, but--" "No, can you help with this? This is a lot." "These prop replicas are really well made. This is not--" Weirdly, the corpse is making it possible at the moment. "I understand this has been a very stressful time for everybody, but let's--" "Yeah, you did." "That wasn't cool." "That was really uncalled for. Like, it's all fun and games, sure, and we poke you a "little bit here. I'm going to poke you, but come on! Jeez." What's the roll for that? This is going to be interesting. Is it versus anything? Okay, charisma persuasion. Oh yeah, he's going to take a hunger die. Old habits, man. Oh. Yeah, he critted against you. That didn't work, but you're still going to take your hunger die. "Come on, that's just not necessary. What do you need to know?" "Let's just deal with this." "It's a sign of faith. Any kind of sign of faith. God, that one should be obvious. You "need some sort of sign of faith. There's a dozen answers to that one. That one's the easy one. I "mean, oh god, okay, that's, wow." "What do you think? Does it look like--?" "I'm upset. I'm angry. I didn't mean to take it out on you. Actually, you stabbed me, I "think you get a little bit of this." "I mean, I think of myself as a very good roleplayer, so I'd like to think that." "No." "Just me! I'm just clever and I want the best game possible!" "That's a pull." He's not carrying anything cool. It pops out, there's a little electric flash, a few spiders crawl out. (groaning) "You guys have everything you need, let's be serious here. If you really want to know "another clue, I'd tell you that you've got a cross, you've got the head. You need something "cerebral, something grand, and you need something of faith." "And I'd do it soon if I were you. The sun's setting." "Yeah, and also means other things can come in." "Let's remind you that if you see anybody, the table's open, and I'd really like "some new players." "It happens." "Thank you for playing." You come out, you pass the war room, the meeting room, you pass the bookshelf. Did you look in the bookshelf? Take a perception investigation or perception occult. Yeah, whichever one strikes your fancy. There's some cool shit in the cage, man. Four successes? There's some cool shit in the cage. What's in the cage? Where's my cage? There's some stakes, there's a cross in the cage. You, on the other hand, with four successes-- Five? Well, four was the-- There's a very old-looking book on the top shelf that you don't recall seeing there before. It's a small, black leather book with a little bit of silver on it, and you can't make it out, but there's something about it. They've got a bunch of props from the last run-- It's Sagas of Sundry, and it's us, so it's much cheaper for us to use real stakes. A rubber stake, a rubber chicken. LIAM and There's a cross. Yes, you can. Clever. Interesting. You can't tell if it felt weird because it felt weird, or felt weird because you expected it to feel weird. No more than normal. That body glitter, it's nuts. There's a book, and it's a small, black leather book. On the cover is a skull with fangs. You open it up, and it is entitled, "The Telling of the Book of Nod." It's prose, and it's long, and it's hard to read because it's been hand-inked, but there seems to be a lot of interesting information here about vampires, and about what they can do and who they are. You can peruse it for a second. Actually, let's do a fun one. Roll wits linguistics, just because I'm a jerk. Yeah, because it's a little weird, and it's in old English. It's all left. See, you're getting it. Thank you. That mouse skeleton is very fetching, by the way. I like sitting here. How much hunger are you at right now? Okay. Oh, good. You keep hitting three hunger. Yeah, you read it, and there was something about your power, but you couldn't absorb any of the information. You actually are having a hard time reading, thinking. You are not hungry right now, by the way. At the moment, you're down three on academics, occult, or lore. That's gone until you eat. There's no minus. It's just nothing. Not for that one, because she did okay. Good for checking. You got the book, and you got a couple of things. You hear a little bit of noise and chattering from out in the front, but you don't know where from. Wits linguistics. Yeah, this is telling the story of several brothers, and it's telling the story of people disavowed by god, whose souls left their body, and several brothers who went out upon their own, and various families. It's a lot to take in. It's going to be tough, but you're starting to get the notion that this is an old story about the origins of vampires. That's weird, isn't it? You can listen really hard and see if you hear anything. Let's say perception awareness. I would start looking. I would think about willpower, at some point. That's really good. There's a scuttling sound upstairs in the Smart Girls offices. In Amy Poehler's Smart Girls offices, you hear a scuttling. A small scuttling. It bubbles and blackens, and the whole thing is humming even more. And that was all I needed from this game. Thank you, everybody. It boils and bubbles, and all the blood burns off the door, and you hear a clank. The door may be open; it may not be. Wow, he turned so hard so quick. There is the scuttling upstairs, still, from the Smart Girls office. Probably not. Blizzard's awesome, but-- it bends a little bit, because it's steel. It's a wall-hanger. It's beautiful. That one, you have to be still. You're going to have to keep cover. Roll a d10 and tell me what you get. Roll any d10. You're fine, for the moment. There are two people hiding underneath desks up there. They smell amazing. They smell really good. They peek out around the desk. It's a guy and a girl. I've been waiting for this joke all night. It's the Smart Girls office. You have no idea who these people are. (laughter) Make a-- Yeah, give me charisma performance. She books more than me, man. I ain't going to say shit. I know. This is my favorite part of this game. One red fail is fine. Yeah, the one red fail is... if you're thinking about eating them, it's going to take you a second to get your composure. You're really distracted, and you're having a hard time focusing, but they bring you in. No, they're both underneath the same desk. "Neither of us have ever seen either of you before in our lives." You're going to have to make conversation for a minute because of that one red die. "We do. Actually, it's real interesting what we do--" "It's really complicated to explain, but we do a lot of stuff--" Okay, thank you. (laughter) Give me dex plus two for this one. Dex brawl. Oh yeah. You hear thumping. One red fail? It works. It takes a second. You're not having an easy time with this, but you're in there. How much are you draining? Are you going to try to get rid of all three hunger? Roll a d10. Yeah. Give me all of your hunger die. You killed someone who worked for Amy Poehler, and I want you to think about that. (strangled) It's a dude. Give me strength athletics on that one, for rolling around, unless you want to burn some blood. Oh yeah. You're dragging him down. Give me dex two. Dex plus two dice. Yeah, sorry. I'm still figuring some of this out. I have way too many pieces of paper. One red fail, and--? Yeah, you go for it, but you somehow slip and you don't quite get it together to get a good grab. Suddenly you start hearing a growling coming from the other end of the building. (snarling) From the front of the building. (snarling) As you walk, there's two, probably ten-foot tall wolves slowly making their way into the kitchen. They're quadripedic at the moment, but it seems like there might be the option, and one of them has some brilliant tattoo work up the front arms. The two of them are starting to make their way toward you. You guys better go quick. Okay. You're going to run into the Twitch room? Everybody roll, because I've been wanting to try this, where did it go? There it is! Roll wits plus, where did it go? Roll, this is going to be weird, roll wits plus, I'm trying to find the thing to do with this. This is going to be weird. Wits plus athletics. I'm trying something interesting. Honestly, except for Sam. Sam doesn't have to roll anything because you are fast as fuck. Okay. The rest of you make your way into the room. Travis is, for some reason, still staring at that boy on the ground. The two wolves make a jump and grab the boy. And start tearing into him. Make a wits roll to get yourself out of there. What the fuck. Okay. Yeah, the door is jamming on you a little bit. I mean, you're there, you're on the door, it's jamming a little bit. They're having a bit of an argument over who gets to eat the kid, and there's a bit of a back and forth. It's like a meet-cute. Yeah, with the shaved sides, and they're having a bit of a run. Yeah, your success and your failure. Yeah, give me a, boy. You can add wits athletics or wits survival, and I would recommend burning either some blood or some will or doing something. I keep rolling like shit. You knock off a will. You can add athletics or-- That's good enough. I'm going to say you get to the other side of the door but, man, you're not even going to look for a minute. You're going to sit at the other side of that door and listen as the two of them tear this poor kid to shreds. He is jerky. We're all kids once we're in the jaws of a werewolf, man. Everybody's a kid once you're a vampire. And you can hear the werewolves clawing at the door. All right, roll it. He gets a hunger dice if it works, yeah. Ah, wow. That's a good plan! It was good enough that, let me double check. Yeah. Actually, roll perception willpower. Yeah, you're a vampire. You've probably burned one of them already. It's at the bottom left. How many were you at, Liam? I flipped a coin anyway because that's how I enjoy the moment. I've got these great coins and I'm glad I get to use them. Yeah, he makes sense. Meanwhile, Travis comes back. I'll say you can-- wait, I get to say it! You can certainly try. It's that bottom left. All right, I mean, I would say make a strength check, but you guys probably together are going to have no problem finding things to move. Three successes, four? You can read his aura. Yeah, so what insight would you like? Why are you asking everyone to protect you? There you go. I had a funny feeling it would work out that way. Yeah, we're about 30 feet away. Yeah. That's smart. Let's give you a little bit of red. Yeah, you're going to get one right there. You get one there. Oh wow, yeah. There are no people in here, but all of the equipment is running and there are some lights on back at the Critical Role stage. That's good to know. Are you going to look around at all other than like, as you walk over? There's little nooks and crannies. You're going to be sneaky. Which direction are you going to come from? You do see a pile of corpses back there. They look like very competent corpses, the corpses of extremely competent people who make things work. They're kind of piled in the shoebox at the moment. Also, make a perception check really quickly, a base perception check. Everything's been manhandled. Everything's changed. Things have been moved around. Everything's a little shifted. The Wednesday Club table is leaning against the door back here. People have been moved around. That's my weird music. The Talks set has been folded away and is in a little package. Everything's been strewn through and there's some new-- go ahead. You know where to find it, so you go look for it? As you open up the cabinet, there seems to be some sort of, I don't know, it looks like maybe it's a pyrotechnic device. It looks like something designed to explode in the cabinet. Do you touch things that look like they're going to explode? It's near it, but I would not make you roll to miss it, because it's far enough away. It's on a different shelf. But there's a little glowing light in there, connected to things that definitely resemble some sort of dynamite or C4. There's some sort of explosive device in here. You're Liam'ed, man. No one can see you. You're the shade. You guys, where are you heading? And she saw the giant pile of Chief and Courtney. I mean, it depends on how-- Yeah, probably. It's a good pile. They're all running. There's somebody sitting at the head of the table, but you can't quite see. It's no one you recognize, and you can't quite figure out who it is. There's a little off-kilter. Everything's a little off. You see, painted in blood across the outside of the set-- This set. "Life needs things to live." You see hair. There's a little tuft of white hair and someone furiously writing notes. "You made it! Oh, that's super." There in front of you is a pale, older gentleman with a bit of a beard and thin at the hair, but he's an older gentleman. Quite pale and porcelain skin, like he's definitely, I don't want to say "jolly" vampire, but there's something so charming about him. Make an intelligence, oh, what would I call this? Either academics or occult. Yeah, no. "I'm so glad to meet you. This is great. I mean, there have been some problems, I admit it. "There were some things that didn't really go the way I wanted them to, but hey! Hey, you're here. "Where's everybody else?" "Yeah, I mean, we're supposed to do a thing, and I really enjoy these kind of things. "Ivan was really happy to help, so we sort of-- Actually, Ivan really helped put it together. He's "a smart kid." "Oh yeah, I know. Hi. It's a pleasure." "My name's Gary. It's a pleasure. Gary Gygax. I'm a big fan. It's really nice to meet you "in person. This is great." "I mean, that's fair to say." "Yeah! And I've been looking forward to you guys figuring out my puzzle and coming on in. "This is great. I'm so excited about the next stage of everything. This is really, super exciting." "Probably not at the moment. I've got some people outside, we're ready to load the "trucks. Everything's up to go. Everything is more or less set up. I've got some people, we've got "some things coming in and out. There's a lot of commotion. This is a big process." "For a minute longer, and then of course Ivan can take care of that. He's very clever that "way. But we have people. I mean, you'll know this someday, you get to a certain point and you have "people who can do these things for you. It's really nice." "Thank you! See, the riddle was a double thing, because, you know, vampires come from a "box, and Dungeons & Dragons comes from a box! It's a double pun. I was really, it was actually Ivan "who came up with it, but I signed off." It's smart to have. Make an investigation check. He's sitting right here. Make a perception investigation. I'm excited to see if you find this. Oh, happily. He is into it. There is a breeze coming from under the Wednesday Club table. Yeah. If you look behind the Wednesday Club table, there is a tunnel going down somewhere. So it's maybe a minute before the sun goes down, but I'm saying someone's been getting in or out of here no matter what the sun says. Good find! "Well, I was waiting till everybody was going to be here, but everybody I'm sure is still "having a time. It's a mess out there, I really apologize." "I mean, he's going to be fine, though. He's going to be fine. " "What?" "No. What? Wait, where's Matt?" "I mean, I was aware that one of you might-- something bad might happen, but we need him!" "I mean, you guys ended everything! We worked really hard to make sure you can keep doing "this for as long as we need, and you let your dungeon master walk into the sun! You guys are "great. You're the best. God, ugh." "What are you doing now that Matt's gone?" "That one-shot was, let's be fair, that was mostly math and you were riding on the talent "of your players. Let's be fair." Is Liam dead too? "Or not, he's undead, apparently. We went to all this trouble." "Oh, for God's sakes." "Well, apparently you had some people working here who weren't entirely human, and "apparently we did our thing and things got weird. You have some weird people here, you know that? God!" "You know, you should never meet your heroes. This is very disappointing." "I was happy for a while. I don't even, like--" I'm enjoying the fact that this is everything I ever wanted, right there. This is what it's like to be next to you, by the way. Stealthy. "We had a plan. We had an underground "bunker for you guys to shoot from. We were putting together a new crew. We had every-- Oh my god, the "money, and--" "This was expensive, and I mean, there are rules about what you can do, and I have done "some things to make this happen that are a little questionable." "This is nothing personal, Sam. I just really wanted to play with Matt." (laughter) He clicks a button on a remote. "Well, regardless, it was really nice to meet you. I have "something I'd love for you to sign. Well, you've got about 60 seconds, so I figure we might as well "get this done before everything goes." "Well, I mean, we've got to clean up everything, so. You're welcome to go outside if "you like, but otherwise we're taking care of this right now." "You're not trying to-- I mean, there's nowhere to go, is there?" He starts to get up, and he starts to grow claws. He's starting to get a little Baba Yaga-y. There's claws coming out. He slowly reaches in and pulls out Matt Mercer's Vecna statue. "You'll sign that, and I'll "be taking it." Let's flip. Oh! As he reaches for a pen, suddenly, at great speed, there's a blur that comes and smashes him against the side of the wall. He is briefly dazed as you see there's another vampire, teeth out, eyes blazing, holding him against the wall, and he turns and looks at you all, and Matt Colville says, "This is your moment! Run! Run!" and goes in and holds Gary Gygax against the wall. They're starting to wrestle with each other. You run? Man, just as you run down the tunnel, Gary Gygax breaks his hold on Matt Colville. They break apart and Gary makes a run for the tunnel. Gary. Matt's against the wall. It's enough to distract. Just in a second if you all get underneath the Wednesday Club table-- And you hear the flames as the air above you lights, as Geek & Sundry goes up in flames. And we'll be back next week with your subterranean adventures, now that you've killed two of the greatest DMs-- Three of the greatest DMs that have ever lived. Two Matts dead, and a Gygax. Well done. I feel like Gary was quite clear on that. You know what you get for that? Hungry, fucker. What are you at? Oh yeah, next time you see one, it's going. Hey guys! I hope you enjoyed my-- I'm going to be a little bit more together next time. This was a little bit ramshackle. Thank you, I had fun. It's going to be a little different. I'm going to play a little bit more, we're going to have more fun with the social and maybe get into a little bit of the World of Darkness now that I feel like they've got a hang on things. I'm going to give everyone a little more power and a little more idea of what they can do. Shift things around. We may have a special guest. Maybe, maybe not, since it's only four of you. I may get one more for fun. We'll see. I haven't reached out yet because we have so much shit to do over the next 48 hours, all of us. It's nuts. Thank you all for tuning in to this. We are doing one more week of this insane run, and it's going to get weirder. Probably less evil? Maybe, I don't know. I'm so pleased. Thank you guys so much. This system is a lot of fun to play, and if you do get a chance, there's either the classic or the new edition or both. Wonderful treats. There's an alpha available to play with. There's all of the old books, and they used to do every city, every clan. I'd be very curious to see if anybody could start guessing what clans I've pushed everybody gently towards. Not that they know anything yet. And if anybody figured out what Ivan was, and if anybody figured out what was happening at the front of the Geek & Sundry offices, and anybody figured out what-- I think everybody figured out what happened with Ed and Rachel. They might have survived, I don't know. Werewolves are tough, man. Anyway, thank you guys so much.