Lentils. No one really knows, to be fair. Lentils are here to punish us. Yes. We have done something terribly wrong, and now we must eat of these. We are punished by that. And we need to be immune to poison. Wisdom saving throws. We'll take a slightly early break in the long run. I'm amazed that took over a hundred episodes. I've been waiting for the interpretive dance for a long time. Is that max goes up 18? So 18 max up and then an 18 on top of that that goes away once you get hit. Are we doing this now? Underwater. You're nervous about everything, is that what we've come to? I would assume so. You. We do. Flip for it. Heads or tails? Boulder-Parchment-Shears? It's Mr. and Mrs. Vex, let's be fair. I'd rather be here. How would one go about finding out if you're being watched via magical means? Is there a way to do that other than if one is not a magic user? Is that a perception check? Just curious. Yeah, right over there. Was that affirmative or surprise? We might want that later. If we get a ship, then when it's all over, we have a way out. We have time for principles immediately afterwards, when we come back. Oh no. Oh, you're still here. (knocking sound) (door creak) I don't know why I made the sound effect. We were hoping to charter a ship at great expedience to about five miles off the coast to the plume of smoke and the underwater volcano. Excellent. No, we would need to-- We would like to charter a crew also to maintain. We're going to be doing a bit of underwater search and rescue, so. That will do. I don't know. It was far less than this, but at this point I'm saying let's blow the money. I don't mind. Clever. I think we're ready. Did we get the platinum from the bank, if I recall? I'm trying to remember. We would've platinumed. Ginger. I feel like I would really be Thurston. I feel like Thurston's better. We can all see the sea. It's right there. Santy of the Shore Shanty spotted-- Surely not. I'm so glad I don't have to do that. You just do it for me. It's very nice. I think I've still got one more charge on the flashlight, if I recall. Yeah. Extremely useless. I'll be in the middle. I may join in on that, because I have a flashlight. 21. I hate that phrase. Are the faint glows repetitive, like they're coming from the same place over and over again? Let's head towards the glow. It might be magma. Also, if we see anything resembling an air bubble, then we know there's something that breathes. Oh. Okay. Irritated creatures. We have a broom. Does it not work underwater? 14. Let's roll around a little bit. See if we can see anything else. I like "control the currents." I don't know. Let's do a little walk of the perimeter, and when we're ready, we're going to jump down and we'll Mary Poppins it. Looking, using the light. I'm looking for other expelling gasses, interesting plant growth, lights. 14. But can Trinket fit? Or Grog can punch it. Let's let Grog punch a volcano. Teach it to say your name! Ow, my ears popped. I'm going to put my face in the water and breathe. I'm putting my face in the water and attempting to take a breath. I'm just trying to use the water breath. We might start getting a little loopy if we stay out here for too long. I'm going to open the light fully. I'm going to tilt the light into it and take a look down. I think we're already starting to make our way out. Okay, that's right. That was early on. Wow. It's nothing you haven't had to regrow before. I've got the boots, so I was going to use my boots. Can we fit our head in that jug? You've just got to carry the jug, and as long as we stick our head in the jug every time we need to breathe-- you're a genius! You're a genius! I will say that seven more times. We'll space them out. Fresh water. We'll take it out of the water. I'm going to use the breathing jug. It's how I solve so many problems in my life. It's the solution to half our problems. I activated my boots and walk. 34. Oh no. Plus ten? That's amazing. You are not my parents. Goddamnit. No. 12. My lowest possible initiative. I rolled a one. We're learning, we're learning things. Somewhere between 15 and 20. Maybe you get it back when you turn back. Is it the alpha style with the black border? I've actually performed the Jace the Mind Sculptor. It takes three friends to really pull it off. Well that got GIF'ed. I'm going to activate Silence. So that's up. Charge Diplomacy. I'm going to give it a little rev with my bonus action, and I'm going to-- oh wow, can I actually reach? I can't quite reach, but I can get close. I'm going to head against that wall and start climbing up that wall. Yeah, up there. Just put me up there. Yeah, there we go. That's my action, my bonus action, and my movement. What happens if you-- What happens if you Titanstone-- never mind. I'm going to find out. Jump back in. That's something Travis would say. It's something Travis would say. Happy birthday. That's a complicated tray. (laughter) It's only been about 25 seconds, but we do eventually have to breathe. The soul is imbued with Heroes' Feast, not the body. See, it's all there. (laughter) I'm going to start peering around the corner with the flashlight. I'm going to head that way. The pool of water is just a pool of water. I can follow you down there, too, because I've got my boots on. Predator vision. This is the most irritated I've ever seen Matt. Objects in hammer are closer than they appear. I'm walking down there. More of that. All right. It's a "shop's closed," I suppose. I'm going to touch the doors. There's no obvious mechanism for opening it? That's awful. No. Six. Anytime I look for anything worthwhile, I stare at rock going, huh! Found a rock. Just slid down. Are the runes glowing? Are the runes not glowing? Tommy Wiseau is what I'm getting from this. I'm going to take the Sun Stone out of its little container, and really light up the room, and just illuminate the whole room now. Thank you, somebody. That was me. You are the best jump scare. I'm going to quickly inspect one. I'm rolling terribly. Nine. Does the style indicate anything? I love walking on the wall. So I'll be in the middle of the group, walking on the wall. Do I understand how this triangle works? I'm going to hop up to take a better look at it, as well. And the point at which they connect, is that about a quarter size, would you say? Complete point, okay. We can't figure out how the triangle works. Let's start smelting. Yeah, so let's start the smelter, at the very least. The faces of the statuary. Maybe we should prod them. We might as well start prodding things, because nothing's going to happen if we don't prod them. I'm going to crawl up to one of the statuary soldiers and see if the helmet comes off, or if the face is removable. I'm going to start tinkering. That thing is going to go click, isn't it? I step up. I'm into it. I like this plan.