Didn't work last week, why was it going to work this week? Good evening everybody, and welcome to the second part of our Vampire-palooza here on Critical Role. (laughter) Yes. While Matt and Marisha are off on vacation somewhere warm and bright, we will be slinking through the darkness of Los Angeles. Currently, gosh, everybody looks so pretty. Actually, it's really hot in here, so I'm going to-- I heard vampires burn. Get the diesel. Yeah, everybody looks spectacular. That's a great cake, by the way. We'll see how long that lasts. I'm so impressed so far. It looks like a peanut M&M that's really pretending it didn't have a bad day. It's really intense. I feel like, yeah, between the two of us, with the $15 costume contest. I'm always a fan of a cheap trip to Hot Topic, so. We have a sponsor tonight! We are being brought to you by Tor Books. Does Pac-Man have anything to--? On that note of stealing books, I don't know, that was my best segue. It's the segue I have. We go with the segues we have. Merchandise. I didn't say it was a good segue, I said it was the segue we have. This new setup is very strange. The back of them is pretty cool, too. This is the Sarenrae logo. Oh my god, I can't believe it finally happened. We have been working on this for quite a while. I'll allow it. This whole game is going to feel so horribly wrong with that accent. I'm not going to fight it. The Critical Role podcast is up on iTunes, Google, and geekandsundry.com. We're up to apparently episode 55. I know! That's a lot! We've done over a hundred now. It doesn't feel like that, does it? It doesn't make any sense. I know, slouching toward the end. Goddamn it. It's also available on Amazon Alexa, which I haven't quite figured out what that means yet, but I'm fascinated by the notion of this. We've talked about this. We did a whole gag. "Open Critical Role." If you have one, you can simply ask Alexa to "open Critical Role. "Alexa, open Critical Role." I don't have one. A lot of people are really angry at me now. I hope so. Second issue of the comic book has come out. It's amazing and it's fabulous, and you two are adorable. It's great. Let's see, what else have we got here? You and Marisha did a thing that got released today. I haven't seen the prequel yet, but I saw some footage and it looked pretty intense. Yeah, there's a little trailer on YouTube that went up today if you want to get a glimpse. If you want to get an idea of what the thing looks like, the preview episode of the first season is available on Twitch. You can find that and see if you like the idea of people using a giant wooden tower to play a game. It's pretty cool. Next week, I'm not running another Vampire game because this is stressful and I need to take a vacation. Let's be honest, it's because this is stressful and I need to take a vacation. Boy, am I really looking forward to being on the other side of this piece of wood. Man, I would escape to another continent myself. I choose you, Pikachu. You should not wear makeup more often. I think it really brings out your-- You have a natural glow to yourself right now. So to keep things moving, because apparently I should do that even though I'm really enjoying this there's no Talks Machina this Tuesday because it's Halloween. Instead of Talks Machina, you're going to enjoy Eric Campbell's Cthulhu one-shot on the 700-1000 time. Our Wednesday Club this week is going to be Japanese influence on American comics with Erika Ishii, which should be fun. Tomorrow, we are doing our first little Halloween fun with Gather Your Treats on Gather Your Party. You're going to see my real Halloween costume, which is not on theme with this episode. Oh, it's fancy as fuck. It's bad. You look fancy as fuck. So I apologize, things are going to be a little weird tonight. I've got some tech things that I'm still figuring out. But in the meantime, I think that's the end of announcements. I've got, like, half of one. I'll finish it up. Encouraging all sorts of bad behavior. We'll see if you live through the night. That'll be cool. I think it's time for us to take a moment and prepare ourselves so I can get a bit of my aggravation and pent-up frustration out on you as we start to pick up tonight's episode of Thursday by Midnight Part Two. And again thank you to White Wolf and to Onyx for everything they've done and I'll talk a little bit about that during the game. Thank you guys so much and let's roll the game. [dramatic music] You did find it. And this perhaps is how somebody got access to this building, I don't know. Right now you've got about ten feet of clearance on the little cap that's keeping the fire at bay. A couple of you are still a little hungry. You're fine at the moment. He may have been a vamp, or maybe he was just a really good guy. You don't know. He did have claws, briefly. There was some slight claw. You would have noticed that. To go back up? You can't tell, but you're welcome to find out. If you recall, you got buried without your iPhones last time. You're going to have to read a book like somebody from the olden days now. Just because I feel like being a bit of a jerk, if you're going to use your heightened senses just burn a hunger. Actually, give me a hunger roll, I'm going to do something different. Just roll a d10, tell me what you get. Yeah, just a red d10. All right, you're fine. Six and above is a success, and then you'll always have to roll your red dice. You can lose them and gain them. This tunnel that you're in, from what you can see, somebody burrowed somehow. Some creature made this. And it's just big enough for like about two people. And it goes down into a larger tunnel directly below you. It's like a little offset. Do you hear sounds coming from the iPad? Let me find out. You can hear the faint distant sound of a little bit of water, a little moisture and it's a big tunnel so down there it could be anything. There's definitely some sound down there. You can see okay. You can't see as well as he can. So above you, you're down in a little bit of a tunnel and it's at a bit of an angle and the basically giant circular manhole that is that table has stamped down and seems to be pressured down at the moment. No, you're feeling some heat but you're not getting any firelight. He can kind of see something, and there's a little light coming from the bottom of the tunnel. There's just enough to make out some-- Just at the very bottom there's enough. You're going to go so fast like PacMan? All right. You have to do a roll, don't you, or do you just have to-- Oh, no you don't, you're fine. Roll a d10, tell me what you get. Yeah. You get one point of hunger. You're fine, you're going to do it, but here have a-- You get a little hungrier. But yeah, so you sneak down and the tunnel is larger than you'd expect. It's 12 feet in diameter. It's a carved out tunnel, but not a technically carved tunnel. There's like some animals that burrowed this big hole but did it very well. Something made this with some skill, but it's not modern. There's something weirdly ancient and a little unsettling about the whole tunnel. It's not a sewer. You were expecting a sewer. It's not there. It looks very stable and it looks like it's been there a long time. It smells slightly sour, like the algae that is growing on the walls, this white crystalline algae that gives off a very gentle glow. Just a hint. You're going to lick the algae? A little lick the algae? I'm going to say it tastes like algae. No. I mean, it tastes awful. It tastes of putrescense and death and awful. This shit is disgusting. The tunnel goes down-- The tunnel keeps going. You can't see the end of it. Oh man. This is so serious. It's genuinely distracting. You're probably not going to really run into anything for about a quarter of a mile in going down. And eventually after about a quarter mile you can see a place where the modern sewer system has cut through this tunnel. Like someone hit this and decided to keep going. And so there's a sewer system that's obviously city sewer although very old. coming out at an angle, hits this tunnel, ignores it and continues in an odd way. And this tunnel also keeps going around the corner so you can-- There's some options. I'm so into this plan. Liam's tired. Oh, wait, sorry. Carry on. I think Sam's the only one who's actually-- You dress like that, you also eat their ghosts so they're like the soulless, really. Sorry. There's a little bit of water in the sewer. That's disgusting and probably will give you pink eye. You'll eventually get to find out if vampires get pink eye. I don't know and that's a question for-- No, it didn't hurt. You also didn't feel it because you're so fast. No. Since you do have heightened senses, you can hear some tiny bit of rattling around down one of the sewer tunnels. You can hear some tiny bit of rattling around further down. You head down. It's about 200 feet before you get to a sewer lock off where there's an old power box and a small grate system that the water flows through, but things do not. There are definitely some rats rolling around, and there's a weird brick square chimney that goes off up into god knows where and on the side of the wall is a small lock box/power box with some very old signage on it that's a little hard to read. Give me a dex brawl. Hi-Chew. Three successes, two failures? Not two ones though? They're black ones. Three successes, two black ones. It's hard to read the handwriting, it's a little tricky. Oh no, you were going for the rat. You did not grab the rat. The rat got away. Yeah! Give me a perception awareness. No. Dex and athletics. And one blood failure. It's really hard to read. Somebody scratched this in. It takes you a minute. It does say "sanctuary." Skanktuary. With a little arrow facing the way you came and either a cross or a T or something below it. And the box has definitely been broken into. There used to be a lock on the box, but the lock is broken. What did you roll? Oh yeah, you got it. Give me a blood die back. Yes you can. Dex brawl. Very nice. It takes you a minute, but you get one. You get a nice big one for Travis. So you can-- You can get rid of one of these. It makes a bit of a mess. There's some attempts you could make, but the sewer path is definitely treacherous at this point. Further down that old tunnel? All right. This tunnel goes on for a long time. What would I call this? If anyone wants to make another perception awareness. You don't give a shit and that's fine, that's PacMan life. One one? Okay. Was it a blood one? Okay. You've been paying some attention, trying to figure out your direction and where you're going and how long you've been walking. You are starting to go under Mulholland. You're heading towards the Hills. You're getting awful close to it. It's been a couple miles you've been walking underneath this underground tunnel, this really old tunnel. Since you had a decent perception it's burrowed, but there's some very specific scratch marks since you've gotten a little further on. There starts to be some rudimentary, like almost a hobo code is what I would call it? There's little symbols that have been left that obviously mean something but you don't know what they mean. Somebody's been in here. You can. I'll give that intelligence academics. I was not expecting someone to go for the hobo code. There are worse things in the world than one failure on a blood die. Two failures on a blood die is a problem. You end up at the back of the group, because you're staring at this stuff, and it's not ringing a bell at all. This is weird. Yeah, you're drifting a little bit. I mean, you're a little cloudy, you're not all there. Just the glow of the algae. Travis, roll just perception. There is something right above. There is a creature. In the tunnel with you, directly above you. It's very thin, it's the same color as the walls, it's almost camouflaged perfectly, and it's vaguely reptilian. You look up? It goes scurrying at high speed when you look up. Back from the direction you came. It darts back there. You're going for it? What level of Celerity are you? Some sort of lizard. Something lizardy. So, you're using Celerity two, right? Celerity two. I'm looking at the wrong thing, here we go. I'm trying to be good about this. So, you can actually climb vertical surfaces with Celerity Two. Make a hunger roll. Roll a d10. Just 1d10. Okay, burn a hunger, so you're about to get-- Do you have five? I thought you weren't hungry at all? Okay, well, fine. I marked them all up and made them all pretty for this. Well you did, and you just got an extra one, so you're now at one hunger and you're peckish. You do catch him. You are fast and you climb up the wall and you come in contact with a humanoid lizard, who turns, looks at you with big, gold eyes, and (hissing screech). You can do that. Here we are, roll strength brawl. Three successes? Yep, you grab onto a leg and you've got a flailing angry lizard person currently grappled. (hissing) "Let go! Let go!" You turn so quick, god. Just for fun, give me one more strength brawl. LAURA, LIAM, and Two successes, one fail? Is the fail on the red? How do you keep doing that? Oh, is it a fail or a one? It's a one, okay. No, that means I can maybe-- you were very lucky. Yep, he's not doing well with you. How long has it been? It's been two-- yeah, you're there by then. He didn't get very far. Celerity is mean. (hissing monster noises) "Let go!" "My name is Lock. This is my tunnel. No vampires!" "Lock." (hissing) "Vampires? Two weeks in my tunnel, two weeks!" "We've always been here." I am genuinely amazed that you actually know that there are lizard people beneath the-- Goddamn it. That is some deep LA myth, man. Okay. "What's wrong with you people?" "I twice have been beneath cities since its inception. For thousands of years we have "lived-- You are supposed to know this." "We had an arrangement with you." "You people are way too pitiful to be vampires." "I can do that. I don't really--" That doesn't work if we're actually watching you, you know that right? It's like you got fuzzy for a second. Are you going to try Presence Awe? I'm going to double check my-- So give me a roll of 1d10. Well first give me a hunger roll since I'm learning how to-- You got a one? All right, you're getting an extra hunger. But now do your charisma plus persuasion. Where's my lizard? My god, oh, what, nope. Yeah, you're not alone. Yeah, Lock's looking at you. "You look familiar. I don't know why. Hmm." Gets about that much sun. "And-- hmm." "I wouldn't recommend it." "I can bring you to someone you can talk to." I blame you two, you've put it in my head! He's got a flattened face and very big gold eyes and sharp shark teeth in the mouth. It's a very big chop. But he's thin and smaller. Don't know if he has pinkies. Well, yeah, he could put something out, put a claw. You can. Do you want to do charisma or manipulation? You don't know. I'm going to give you charisma persuasion. Stamina. Hashtag Stanima. They made us character sheets with "stanima" on them. "I know this is weird, but I swear we've met." "You look very familiar." "No." Might have been Smart Girls, to be fair to you. You'd never know if there were lizard people working. "That seems fair, yes." "Come. I'll take you to the chamber." "Well, that depends. We'll see." You're going to follow him further down? Sure. Roll a blood die. Just one die. You rolled a one, didn't you? You get another hunger. What are you at now? Is that a proper die? Did I give you one with an x? It doesn't matter. You know if you rolled a one. Now you can roll your check for that. That was to see if you get hungrier from using it. One blood failure? It's going to take you a little while to figure it out, but he seems frustrated. You get a frustrated vibe from his aura. There's nothing duplicitous yet. If anything, you're getting a little activity up here like he's wracking his brain trying to figure out what is going on. He seems just as confounded by this, perhaps. You go down a little further through this cave until you come into a huge clearing that is-- that was amazing! At home, if you want to simulate the studio right, pump that heat up to about 100 degrees. It's great. There's a big interior cavern that you seem to be under. You're probably pretty deep now. We're probably deeper than the subway tunnels. Probably, just barely on the other side or a little further past Mulholland, maybe a little deeper. And you come into these two giant stone lions that have started to decay and crumble and there's a big, beautiful stone sign that is decaying, falling apart and covered with this strange luminescent moss and it says Luna Park. You were thinking of the restaurant. How do you know the restaurant? I'm so impressed by you. As you come in, you pass through these arches and there's this strange what can only be described as a supervillain's lair. This is an abandoned theme park. Underground. There's a lake in front of you with a beautiful boardwalk that has crumbled into disrepair. There's a strange pyramid volcano in the distance. There's a strange little amphitheatre to the left that looks like an ancient Roman colosseum, odd gardens with strange luminous plants growing. If you peek in the back, you can see the beginning of cages, perhaps for animals. Slightly less than. About half a stadium. I'll tell you what, not that we don't have, but if you want to see it. You can get a notion of it. It's big. From the bottom. LAURA; The main entrance. Wow. Lock. He is guiding you past the lake to a strange-- No. Mm-hmm. I'll tell you about this at the break and then I'll tell you where that map came from. It's fascinating. This is my other hobby that I'm bringing into this game. 5000 years ago. 5000 years is how long lizard people have been in Los Angeles. Man. No, I got shit. As he brings you past the lake and he brings you past the amphitheatre and the strange gardens with these strange luminous lilies and these orchids that are growing that never seen sunlight, you come to this weird old Victorian house that's obviously a facade into a basic black box, like in an amusement park. And above it, it says "The House of Trouble." The House of Trouble. And he is turning up-- not of treble. It's not the House of Treble. The House of Trouble, not treble. Well, then you're going to be very disappointed when you go in. And he gestures for you to enter. "Inside will be those who know what to do with the four of you." "I'll follow." My brother! Thank you, Alex Jaffe for making a judgment call there. You know, maybe if you had gone to Burning Man, he would have a better opinion of you. No, it's Alex. Both of my brothers are now dipping their head in panic. That's a smart place to be. You're not taking that three very well, are you? Really not taking that three well. Good to remember. So sorry. As I check my notes, thank you. As you enter what appears to have once been perhaps some strange boat ride, some weird tunnel of love ride where you have boats that go through some strange cave, has been drained. And you step into the cavern and you walk into the back. And as you curl around into the main amphitheater of the ride, it is blindingly plated with gold. There is ancient, beautiful, almost a little bit of Mayan, a little bit of North American Hopi Indian design decked through this room. It is gleaming with a gold glow from all of the plates that have been intricately set into this room from the throne that has been set up in the center to the benches that have been placed around like a bit of an observation court, like a surgical observation. You're sitting in a pit in a theater, thank you. It's all too old to tell. It's like walking into a temple. It's hard to tell what came first and what didn't. About 50. It's like a surgical theater, you're going to be at the bottom, and then there are rows of people at the top. And there's not a ton of people, if you can call them people, there. There's about 20 lizard men gathered around, taking a look. You probably can't tell gender yet. And I wouldn't even necessarily know how one would tell gender off the top of my head. I knew you would. There is obviously a leader. Lock is coming in from the back and is joined by two or three others who are not pressuring you inside but definitely making sure you're not about to run. As you enter and stand in the center of the theater, Lock turns to the lizard creature in the largest, most ornate gold chair, and turns and says, "My lord Kotori, "we found them in the tunnels, but I don't think they are necessarily the ones that have been "causing our problems." And Kotori takes a moment, looking over all four of you. "Well. Explain "yourselves, then. What are you doing in our tunnels, when we have a very fair agreement with "the vampires above that you mind your own business?" Roll your blood and then roll your charisma. You get one more hunger. Where are you at? What am I going to do with that? Hold on. All right, you're fine. One critical success? Two tens? Oh my god. On blood dice? That changes things, okay. That's good to know. So it worked. Definitely seems like he's looking at you with nodding respect. Another gaunter lizard comes up to Kotori on the side. "Be careful of this one. I think he's trying to "manipulate you." And Kotori sits and looks at you. "There are rules and protocols in place for these things. And ignorance of the law is not "absolution from the law. However, you did not know. And the fact that you did not know goes to show "there's something very wrong. You should not exist and not know this. Somebody has made a mistake." "I can make you lizards." (laughing) "No, I can't do that." "But you're funny. You're not as smart as the other ones, are you?" So disturbing. It's really hard to work through. "Well, obviously the four of you are not our problem. But the fact that you're down here is "our problem. There have been vampires in our tunnels for three weeks." "There are rules, there are protocols, and obviously they have been ignored. Do you have "any notion of what has been going on? Do you perhaps have any kernel of thought as to the "nature of this? Why have people been in our tunnels?" "Interesting." As he's about to speak, from the back, one of the other lizards goes, "I've heard of Gary Gygax." This other lizard comes up and starts whispering in Kotori's ear. Seems very excited about something. "We have internet down here, we're not savages. Apparently members of our council are "aware of your show." You are everywhere. You are literally everywhere. Things would have gone so much better if you had. Kotori is giving you an eye, but the other guy is not making eye contact, he's breaking and making eye contact. It's hard to tell, man. What's the difference? Can you tell the difference between an old iguana and a young iguana? They look pretty healthy. "Sadly, we do not." "Sadly, no. The few animals we do have here have purposes. In the menagerie. But perhaps "we can come to an arrangement." "Something has gone wrong. We are going to have to re-establish some rules, and you're "obviously someone else's problem." "We will give you passage to the surface. We will show you where you can come in "contact with some individuals who can clear things up." "We will send you to the people whose problem you are, as opposed to ours. And in return "you will deliver a message. You will tell them that we are displeased and that we have to have "words and that they must find a way of becoming friends with us again. We will need--" "A boon. They will owe us for their transgression. And you will deliver our message." "Oh, they may kill you. Vampires are not known for their kindness." "You won't have to be up there for very long. Lock! Mahlo! Take them to the pyramid. Show "them to Los Globos." "Yes, of course." "No, we've been here for thousands of years. I am merely 250, 300 at this point." "You'll know what that feels like if you're lucky." "We have actually really good broadband down here. It's insane." "Of course, yeah. I've listened to the whole thing." "Good luck. And, Lock, see if you can't wrangle them up something to eat on the way up "there." Lock nods and starts leading you all, along with Mahlo, who's definitely not quite grinning. I'm not entirely sure what you would call this weird curl at the side as they lead you to the pyramid at the very back. It's like an iguana smile. Mahlo, Lock, Kotori are the three we've met so far. Mahlo and Lock are taking you to the pyramid. You'll find out. I'm so amused by all of this. As you walk back across the lake, past the not-quite-abandoned zoo, but slightly abandoned, there are definitely some creatures in there that look vaguely familiar. There's something a little off about all of them. It's as if somebody had grabbed a mountain lion and bred them for a few centuries and saw what happened without sunlight. So they've all started to lose their eyes and they've all got the little bit of milky, appendage eye. Everything's gotten a little weird down here. And there's a lot, again, that white luminescent algae everywhere. That spiky, crystalline white luminescent algae is everywhere. So as you climb the steps of the pyramid, and I'm going to also point out, this is obviously a man-made pyramid and maybe only about 80 years old, and like, Disneyland-bullshit pyramid, definitely a little iffy and has seen better days. You don't want to get Mercer-ed? Or Marisha-ed? Marisha-ed is worse, in my opinion. If you're going to go, go quick. That requires a Power Ranger helmet, too. You make your way up the slightly cartoonish pyramid. At the very top, there's another one of those weird little square cube exits that you saw in the sewer. All the way to the top, and then there's a drop ladder that goes right into a little brick cavern. It's only big enough for one person at a time, and you have to crawl up on those awful fire escape ladders from the 40s, and there's more of that awful white crystalline algae. Cool, actually-- I'm so fucking with you. You cool. You ain't that cool. Are you actually going to try and--? Give me a dexterity athletics. How many successes? You don't fly, but you manage, after you make a good leap, and by the time you realize that gravity is reasserting itself upon your person, you are smart enough to extend your hands and legs out and-- You made a good hop. It was impressive. It was very impressive. How are we going to do this? Give me a willpower check. Just straight willpower. Three successes? You do not give a little squirt of poop, then. Well done. You can't be bats. Eventually, after quite a few feet, that ladder goes up and up and up. It's about 450, 500 feet before anything stops. And then it's a 90 degree turn and that brick cavern goes straight out. It is a very claustrophobic crawl. Just L's really hard. More underground, in that same cube that's not big enough to stand up in. It's about maybe three feet by three feet. It's a little claustrophobic. Do you want to listen, or do you want to really listen? No. I love that you're Indiana Jones-ing this. No, although, I mean, you're way up there, now. You've left these plebs behind. Lock will also look around and do the-- "Yes, of course, yes. We can do that." "I don't care." Mahlo is losing their shit a little bit. It hurts, man. I give you a Critter, and that's how you--? Mahlo will remember this. "Cool!" Give me a dex athletics just for fun. That's okay. This is not hard. Nothing bad happens, but you miss on your first attempt. You can get one more. That's all you needed. Actually, I should have done the-- never mind. I can use that next time. I keep forgetting I have this mechanic they gave me that's super cool, and I'm not taking advantage of it. Sorry, White Wolf. I'll start doing that, because it's a cool mechanic. I think they're in chat. Yeah, you make it. You're crawling up. You guys are going? Yeah, they'll give you a little boost up. You can get, at whatever speed you like, that you want to get up there, because you are fast as all hell. You've got a long tunnel to crawl to. It is not comfortable. It is a little claustrophobic. It's a little cramped. I want everyone to, really quickly, roll a d10 for me. You rolled a one, though? Let's have a little fun with you. Where's my little chart? Where's my chart of pain? I have too many papers. Ah, here we go. There's my chart of pain. Let's give you-- You've got the hangries. You're a little irritated. You're having trouble thinking clearly and you are not subtle about anything. You're going to have a really hard time being clever. It's just that, yeah. It doesn't feel good. You get what I'm getting at? Travis, do you understand? Are you sure you're clear? Cool. So yeah, this is a bit of a trek. You come out, as you finally breach through, and you seem to be in a crypt in the Hollywood cemetery. Mm-hmm. There is a gate. It is unlocked. This is practically an easy access to the surface. There are two caskets stacked on the side, other than this little broken hole in the floor that you came through. Oh yeah, you can see through it. It's just a gate. It is still night. Just barely. Well, it's not locked or anything. It's just a gate. I'm not going to make you fight doors. It is getting a little cramped in here because it's only big enough for, like, four coffins, and it's already two coffins full. There is a name-- No, there's actually no writing on the inside. It's all on the outside. It's filthy. But other than that-- All right, you step out into the late night. It feels like time did not move at an appropriate speed, like, the night is still darker than it should be. You don't know how long you were down there, but it feels like you were down there a little longer than this. It's entirely possible, but you're not sure. Mm-hmm. It just says "Macbeth." There are definitely some humans around, just walking around. It is not movie night. For those of you who don't know, we have movie nights at our cemetery because that's fun. It's not a goth party. They look like hipsters in Hollywood, hanging out at the hipster cemetery. If you walk around a little bit-- Are you going to look around and find a potential victim? I'm going to say right now, from your experience, it is possible not to kill people when you drink from them, by the way. I know. Good for you. What's your hunger level? Okay, so you definitely have something resembling morality functioning right now. Okay, and I'll add, you still have two lizard people who have now put up little hoods so they're a little more incognito, but it's Hollywood, so who really would notice two people with lizard faces? Legitimately, we wouldn't care. We don't care. This is how they've been here for five thousand years. No one cares. Yeah, there's a, well, there's always the porta-potties. You're into it? All right. As you curl around, there's usually that little set that are out by the street, and there's not too many people in the cemetery tonight, wandering around being silly. "Just a minute!" You can give a try. See how this goes. Strength brawl. Only one fail? You pull, and you're not succeeding. You're like, thunk, thunk! And all you hear from the inside is, "Dude, really? Come on!" You're going to wait? You wait for a minute, and there's definitely sounds coming from in there. It's a blue porta-potty. This is what you're getting. Are you going to take a moment to look around and see if anybody's looking? All right, so you hear things finishing up there, take a look around. Give me a perception, where are we, perception awareness. Three successes, one failure? But one failure? Okay, the door unlocks, starts to swing open, and you're in. You didn't even look? You're going for it? All right, you're in. So let me remember how to do this. I'm so amused. There are absolutely more subtle ways, but that's not how this is happening. You could attempt to. Yeah, but at this point? Where am I? It's strength brawl plus two. Two successes and one failure? Is that with the plus two from the vampire fangs? Yeah, strength, plus brawl, plus two. Oh, try again. This is a new system, I'm being gentle on people. Okay. And the one failure's a one? All right. It's a bit of a struggle, but you get in there. How heavy are you draining this person? You can top off if you like, but if-- yeah. You can attempt to top off, or you can feed until you're not ravenous. You're going to top off? You're going to drink until you don't want to drink any more? All right, you are at zero hunger. You feel perfectly normal, and you have a body in here. All of them. They're all gone. You're staring, and he looks really familiar. Will Friedle was out-- Will didn't even have the moment of seeing your face. He never even saw what happened. Actually, I assure you that an entire body can fit in there. Don't ask me how I know. It's not, thankfully. There's no concert. It's not that bad. You have pressed Will beneath the fluids. Yeah, the lizards are trying to usher you guys out of the cemetery. You're going to hunt while you're in the cemetery? Are you in your Pac-Man suit? No, you're not. Never mind. There are definitely people around. They're all over the place. Are you going to go wander? They all look pretty juicy, I suppose. No, there's groups of people, at the moment, hanging out together. Who wants to look for people they recognize? Yeah, I don't know. I don't feel like tourists go to Hollywood cemetery, but I'm into it. Do a perception awareness. So, yeah, nobody you recognize off the top of your head, but there's a small, obviously low-key film shoot happening in the corner. Somebody's shooting some bullshit YouTube shit. And I swear to god, it looks like it's Mike Diva and Manzi's definitely there. A couple people that you definitely recognize. "Hey, oh, Laura! Hey!" "I know! I know I didn't call you for the shoot." "I mean, I've been really busy." "Are you doing a shoot? You've got, like, a whole--" "That's cool. I've done that. That's cool." "I mean, yeah. I mean, we're a little busy." "Are we-- do we got--?" Do you want to try and--? Give me a charisma persuasion. I'm so sorry, Mike. No. Yes, he does. "Yeah, you guys can reset this. Yeah, I've got a second, all right. Show me what you "guys are working on. That's cool." Yeah, he's into it. Honestly, he's already pulling out his vape pen. I haven't had time to have any fun lately. "That's cool, you're on the Critical Role thing too? I hear that's cool." "Hey, what's up, man?" "Yes." "Yeah." "Do I get to be a vampire?" "No, no, no! We can work! Okay, I can make you a deal. We can do a deal with this. This "is not my first rodeo. It's Hollywood, I've been around. You got one round, but I want to be a "vampire. You got to work that out." You do some work for me, I'm going to do some work for you. "You know, I don't actually know where you guys are sitting--" "Whoa!" You going for it? All right, give me a strength brawl plus two. Make a perception roll. Perception awareness. Ooh, how much do you want to drain him? You're going to destroy my favorite YouTube channel like that? With no--? You're going to try and stop him? All right, really quickly, I need to double check this. What's your wits plus brawl? I know that's weird. Six together? What's your wits plus brawl? Ooh, both roll a d10. One d10 each. You got a six, he got a four? He goes before you, so he's going to at least get half of him drained before-- You jump on his back after he's got-- half your blood pool is empty, and you can decide what you do about the-- This is so dark! You can honestly, how hungry were you? I'll say you got three out of your system. He's got a little bump on the head, but he had just taken a serious vape. "Oh, you totally bit me! Oh!" "Give some warning, man! Oh god!" "I'm going to go back to my shoot." "Yeah, you guys need to figure your shit out. Jesus." "Argh, ow. God." "Dude, not cool. Not cool." Kotori and Mahlo are looking at you guys a little like-- "Totes. We'll take you to where you need to go." And we're going to take a break while we take a gentle stroll to Los Globos. That got so weird. I'm so pleased. I hope, now that Mike has survived, I hope you all take a moment to go check out his YouTube channel. It's quite pleasing. Mike Diva. Thank you guys, we'll be back in a few minutes. There's also going to be a giveaway in the chat, but I think that's all going to be in the little video. There's going to be a video about the password. Otherwise, we have dice. Coasters, and thank you Tor Books. We will continue with this madness when we come back from a little bit of a snack. Cake. [break] It was actually a really good cake! I feel a little guilty for eating it. The winner, by the way, of our contest in the chat room was Sharpe_liquid. Sharpe liquid. Congratulations! That's a great little call sign. That's pretty cool. I hope you guys are enjoying this ridiculousness. I had to take some layers off because it's really hot! So serious. This is super, super serious. Are we doing this? (Pac-Man noises) So where were we? That's right, let me get my volume back up. Can't kill Mike Diva. Mika Diva's got to do his thing, man. There's no stopping Mike Diva. No, there is definitely some stopping Will Friedle. You can leave Will Friedle at the bottom of the blue tank. Slowly dissolving. They are going to find his body. That is going to be a problem for another game. It's somebody else's Vampire game is going to run into Will Friedle's body. So we had left the cemetery and its roving hipsters and film crews and Will Friedle. We're slowly making our way through the city, up to-- This is why every person that we know who I know I can't do an impression of, I just introduce them to Liam and I know it's never going to be a problem. Should have just given you Mary Elizabeth, that would have just been easy peasy, because I can't do that. We make our way slowly up to Sunset Boulevard, where you are brought to the door of Los Globos, a skeezy-looking club. It's maybe two, three stories. It's hard to tell. It's built into a hill. It's hard to get an idea of the place. You can't tell how big it is, really. It's just got a big red fiery sign that says "Los Globos" on the front and there's a doorman in there. You don't know. You can't tell. I could tell. You don't have a phone, man. You could have taken Diva's phone, but you didn't think about that, did you? Man, they took all your good shit before they put you in anything in order to stay. Lock and Mahlo take a second and show you inside. Lock comes forward. "The ones you're looking for are inside. Good luck." "Vampires." "I don't know." "Good luck." And they peace out. They are out and leaving you to your own devices here. You're currently outside, although the bouncer inside has witnessed enough of this and seems deeply unimpressed by two lizard people having this conversation, that he's just sitting with his clicker, waiting for you guys to walk in. "You don't need IDs. You're fine." "You do, yeah." Click. Click. Yeah. The lizard people brought you in. Nah. No. You walk through a pretty scummy hallway. It's definitely sticky in here and it's dark and there's some thumping music. Alcohol sticky. Because that's just the best club. There is for reasons of a) that I don't want you screaming over each other and b) finding music that I could have used on short notice is just ridiculous, there is thumping, dropping industrial music in this club. There are people dancing. It's definitely a goth industrial club. There's some hairstyles, there's multicolored hair. There's a lot of people wearing black clothing. There is a lot of lights and laser effects. There's a DJ doing his job, who's a little old and craggily. And there is nothing you recognize off the top of your head, but it looks like a decent goth club. There are men, women and definitely-- You want to look for a VIP area? You got to watch my guide to goth dancing. You're doing fine but that's okay. You're doing the Pac-Man. That's cool. Give me a perception awareness roll for the VIP lounge. If you're thinking about how you're going to get a drink, I'm fascinated. "It's fine. Yeah." So you know, guy in his mid-30s, short haircut, black t-shirt. Obviously he's probably here five nights a week and for five different clubs. "Yeah." "Yeah. Can I get you something?" "Beer on tap. We do a couple absinthe drinks, but they're overpriced. What do you want?" "Yep. Card and ID?" I have seen weirder interactions with bartenders. This is nowhere near the weirdest interaction. I don't want you to fail! Are you going to use Presence Awe? All right. Give me a 1d10 blood check and then-- Ooh, where did it go? Three. Where's my blood pool? Yep, you get one hunger. Yes, you notice actually, in a gothic red sign, there's a little velvet rope and a sign that reads, "Food is only served in the VIP lounge." There is a big bouncer. Very big, pale, older-looking gentleman. "You have a name on the list?" "Okay. Well, I would recommend getting on the list." "I don't know, man." Make an intelligence investigation check. I'm going to get weird on this one. Give me intelligence occult. You have no idea. He's big. It's up the stairs. It's a little hard to see. You can't quite tell who's up there. There's a rope and then it goes upstairs and there, it turns a corner. It's practically a different club. "Good luck." You've got to roll it now. He gives you a look over. "Are you sure that this is the bar you want to be drinking at?" "Are you sure that you wouldn't rather have something from the cocktail list?" Oh my god, dude. This dance battle is killing me. "It's hard to miss." "Oh man, that's a lot of info. You should probably be upstairs, man." "Yeah. You've got a name, just drop a name at the front. They'll let you right in." "Yeah, you're fine. You'll be fine, but no trouble down here. We keep this clean." "Sure." And he makes a club Old Fashioned. What's muddled? He muddles the fruit, like he just reminds it that it's ordinary and then hands it off. It tastes like gasoline. It's awful. It burns. It doesn't feel good. It's petrol. You've never been to a goth club, have you? You can certainly try. Oh man. Oh Lauryn, oh dear. It's a girl with a large blue mohawk and a bunch of metal barbs tied into the large blue mohawk. She is doing this heavy interpretive dance. She takes a look at you, spins around and an elbow goes right into your chest. What's your-- No. You're hungry, but you're fine. Suddenly, a completely different elbow ends up in your chest. From somebody else, there is another. There's a guy with long black hair and he's wearing a little tie and a nice vest and suddenly another elbow is right in your chest. And that's what happens when you try and hit on people on the dance floor at a goth club. The girl turns to you and goes, "He's really not." You seem to recall he had an iPhone. Can you do that? This is a trick or are you really doing it? You just want me to say stanima, and I'm going to do it for you. Stanima. Oh man, I'm going to add survival. I know that's weird, but I'm adding survival to this. Stanima and survival. Stanima. I'm saying it. You're even doing the hands right. Yeah, you do not even break eye contact with him, do you? "Dude, what's wrong with you, man?" He's definitely staring at a broken finger. You're going to wait a while. You can try to go. Let me double-check, because-- You got to roll a 1d10 and tell me what you get. You are now one more hunger die up, but I think you could just do it. I'm just double-checking, because-- Oh, now you have to roll wits and stealth. Thank you, I was looking for that. He rolled really poorly and he was pretty distracted. Yeah, you would have my undivided attention. I'm just saying that if you broke a finger in front of me, I would not be looking at anything else. That's actually a good point. I think you definitely have to take a point of damage, so just mark off that you just took a point of damage. Yeah, under the health bar. Just put a line through one of those. Humanity, we're ignoring because it's because I'm deciding that it's far more interesting to play with when you have a longer, more complicated game. It's sadly, at the moment, we've dropped humanity. No. She's nigh invisible. He's still staring at a finger. All right. Roll a d10. You got a hunger die. Oh yeah, I'm throwing them out anyway as it makes me feel excited. Let's do dexterity and dodge to see if you can get past this guy. It's okay. He's distracted. One blood fail. I think you stand there, staring for a little while at where Laura was, wondering if she was going to go. And you stand there and stare for so long that you don't realize that he is actually-- the bouncer is like, "I'm going to go get you some gauze or something, man. "No, I'll be right back." "Oh, that's nasty, man." "Yeah, that's a little nasty." He's going to walk to the bar and once he goes to the bar, you make a dash up. Fun fact There is no such thing as vampire shock. Roll a strength plus two, since there's no real-- LAURA and Those are two blood criticals. Okay. So this is called a messy critical, so you bite his finger clean off. You don't know how this works. Give me a strength plus two roll for your wrist. Yeah, you're just gnawing at yourself. It's not going well. Yeah. Plus two more dice. You have now managed to damage yourself. Take a point of damage for gnawing through your wrist. The bouncer is now coming back over and he's coming. "What--" You are literally holding his finger right now, I'm just pointing that out. Wow. Roll a charisma persuasion. That's so solid! Man, that's some Comic Con shit right there! Fuck. Two successes, one blood fail? This guy ain't that bright. They're the ones that really count. "This is more than I'm really up for. This is a "lot." He's just going to shove. "I can't--" You have traumatized this poor bouncer. This was not a good night for him. Do you want to think about making your finger not be a problem anymore? Are you going to try to meditate upon that? Roll a hunger die. Yeah. Let me see. Hold on. I'm trying to find all my stuff-- here we are. Your finger does not grow back, but it stops bleeding and crystallizes. It is a deep, dark crystalline red. It's got a little bit of shimmer to it, not twilight sparkle! Motherfuckers. Twilight Sparkle? Secret messages. It's the best. But it almost seems to glow with a life of its own. There's something about it that's a little brighter. There's something about it that's a little more-- It's part of your Aura Perception. Your blood almost seems to have a life of its own. There's something about it that's supernatural. Really, really awful fanart, but beyond that-- The best. The best fanart. This is not the worst thing I've seen in a vampire game. Let me check. (scoffs) Are you going to try and heal your wrist too, as well? You can try. It's weird, man. It tastes weird. It's making you feel weird. It's like Dodger Dog weird. That's probably for the best. That's pretty much what you have to go on right now. Roll a d10. You gain a hunger, but your wrist seems to-- you've got them. That's fine. Rob me of all my joy. I will remember this. You're healed for that. This is where the real club is. It's a completely different DJ, it's a completely different crowd. Except of course, that being a goth industrial club, it could've been the same DJ and the exact same crowd and no one would ever notice. It's still a bunch of people dressed in black. No, it's just a different track of the same vibe. Yes, actually. There's a lot of black leather; there's a lot of black vinyl. People have obviously dressed up and done nice makeup. You can't tell if necessarily everybody is wearing the nice makeup, but it's definitely-- these are some pretty people who have gone out of their way to be extra pretty tonight. This is a large dance floor with a main stage for the DJ. You're such a gift. Ugh. Nothing. No. There are some little corner tables all around the outskirts. There's obviously a couple dance boxes. But there are corner tables all around the outskirts, but they all seem roped off and there are definitely people sitting there who seem like they have these tables on reserve. No golden thrones. Just wumpa wumpa music, a couple go-go boxes, a-- There is a bar. There is a very nice bar. Three sides, two bartenders. Are you really just doing the Chattanooga Choo Choo? I really hope you are. All right. Are you going to try and chat up a guy or a girl? Where... is he? Where is he tonight? The girl who has her back towards you, who was ignoring you, turns around, and Satine looks you in the face and says, "What the fuck are you talking about?" "Hey Sam!" "Did you-- is that what's been going on?" "So you're all--" "All right. That's cool." "Yeah." "Yeah. Why?" "There are no-- we come in and shoot at night, man. Have you not been paying attention "this whole time?" "You are really oblivious. It's like--" "Hey." "Yeah, no, you're-- wow, you got the whole thing going on." "Wow. This has been a rough week, then. Okay!" "No, you look like you're doing okay." "What happened?" "This is a once-a-week thing, it's very exclusive. I'm amazed, even with this that you "guys got-- This is a very serious thing, like this is-- this place." "Yeah. What do you need? You want a drink? You need anything?" "I mean, TwitchCon was this week. I've been really busy. I've got a whole--" "Like dead?" "Holy shit. Okay. Hold on--" "Nah, this is weird. Normally, there's a lot of talk about-- Okay, I'm going to talk to a "few people. You guys-- hmm." "Oh god. You know, I've been asking him to come out to this club for ages and he just "never comes out." "I mean, not that I'm aware of... He's his own thing. That's just a whole thing, but "you know." "As far as I know, he's never been here." "Oh, that's a complicated story we'll get into. That's complicated, but it's good that "you're here. We're going to work this out. Why don't you guys just don't ruffle any feathers? Go "have a drink." "Have a cocktail." "The whole menu's special. It'll be good." "No. You're fine." "You got a Twitch show! You're great!" (laughs) "Thankfully, this is a club that caters to people whose tastes haven't changed in "decades, so you're going to be-- You're going to fit in, but no. No Ace of Base. I'll be right back." "I got just the thing. Hold on." He goes and there is literally a tap that gets pulled and a red foamy lager. Pulls four weird foamy beers that are definitely-- St. Valentine's Day Specials, is what I'll say. They smell, if I had to place it-- It's the best, it's tomato juice and vodka and just a little something special, a little bit of Worcestershire. It's got a little bit of that. Wow. I'd never even thought about that and now it's going to be the only thing I think about for the rest of the night. What's a California King coffin look like? Very comfortable. They're not comfy. A look of malcontent? There's a mix of faces in the crowd. There's definitely some indifference, there's some people who are eyeing you very suspiciously, and a few smiling faces who seem delighted. That would require a blood roll. Yeah, I love the toss. You also lose a blood die because of-- if you have one, you have to be at one at all times. Two successes? Yeah, something smells a little doggish. There's a little wolf, but it's not what you had last time. It's something else. Yeah, there's definitely a bouncing, bobbing Erika Ishii who's jumping around the crowd, having a good time and she just seems happy that's-- As she sees you, (squealing). "What? I mean, yeah!" "Oh my god!" "Oh, ages!" "Yeah!" "Doesn't it? Sunscreen. It's a trick." No, it's why she has such great hair. It's the undead. Hair of the undead. It's the haircut that did it. All the energy seems to be-- oh yeah. From her? I mean, that makes sense, doesn't it? That's a different vibe than you've got, sadly. You've got a different vibe going on. "Yeah. Yeah! Hey!" "What?" "Well, I mean, they're here!" "I don't know! What's going on is just a party! It's great! Yeah!" "It's so great!" (shouting) "I'll be right back!" She bounces out. There's a few minutes of sitting, watching this crowd. There's definitely, slowly starting to become more concerned faces checking you out. Yeah. Well, give me a perception awareness, just for fun. Just see if you maybe know any of these people. Critical success? Yeah, there's a few people that you're starting to recognize, but not people you know personally, but there's definitely-- There's a few people who have a TV deal in here. There's a couple serious TV deals in here. There's definitely a couple familiar faces rounding around. Nobody that you're close to, but there's a-- Few ironic faces. Juliet Landau wanders through for a second and just nods and walks by. They're nodding and obviously talking about something and after a while, somebody comes up and talks to Erika for a second in the corner and she comes bounding over. "They want to talk to you guys." "No. I'm sure it's fine. You just got to be cool. You guys are cool." "You guys are cool, yeah. It's fine." And you're taken to a far corner table, the furthest, deepest corner so that you have the best-- it's the furthest away from the speakers. It's really nice. You can actually talk like humans. And there, very gently spinning a very nice cocktail, is a mildly irritated-looking Yuri Lowenthal. It makes so much sense, doesn't it? Why they never age. The two of them just don't age, do they? He's just peppering with fake color in the hair, that's all it is. "Hey. I mean, this is weird, guys. So what happened? Like honestly, we don't know. No one--" "Well, there was a fire, it's all--" "Oh, of course." "Well, we'll get to Taliesin. So Colville did this? Was this his doing?" "Wait. Gygax did this?" LAURA, TRAVIS and "So this is all Gygax? Or was this Colville and Gygax working together?" "Why does that guy got to be so weird, man?" "Sure." "Oh, no." "Oh yeah, this wasn't part of the plan for a while. I've been working towards this, so yeah, "this has been a goal for a while." "Oh yeah, of course." "Oh no, we're raising him just perfectly. We're trying to do it right, raising "him normally, letting him find himself. It's going to be a while before we--" "Oh, it takes about a week and there's a whole ritual that's involved and usually a "becoming, usually somebody-- well, you're supposed to have somebody--" "Yeah. This is a problem. There is--" "Normally there's a process for this and this is a problem. You're supposed to have a "sponsor. Let's put it this way." "Like Tor Books." Tor Books. "You're supposed to have a sponsor and really, this is "tricky because there's a process to just make sure you don't go around killing people and making a "scene in these things and there's really-- and you guys haven't done anything inappropriate yet, have you?" "Yeah. Wow." "Yeah, I mean, I'm not that high up, though. I'm really here because they thought that "you should have a familiar face. And there's a bunch of us here who're in it for you guys, but "there's a lot of conversation about what to do with the four of you. We don't even know what "family you belong to. This is all so complicated." "You see, this is the problem." (sighs) "This is where things get so complicated." "Well, (sighs). We've been giving this a lot of thought, and--" "I wish I could. I'm not-- I just don't really have that kind of--" "No, I'm not going to do that. But that has come up as an option." "Well, you're going to need some kind of sponsor or we're going to have to deal with you." "I don't know. I guess I'll see if there's anybody around who's up to dealing with this and "we're going to have to get-- I'm going to have to get just a little bit of blood from all four of "you, because we have to figure out who you are and where you belong, so--" LAURA and He pulls out a little pinprick and a couple cups, a couple little wine glasses. It doesn't really do what you were hoping it was going to do, but you get some stuff out of there. It is as if the circulation is not really moving the way it's supposed to. You can juice it. Yeah. It makes me so happy. It's all I'm really going for. Yeah, you're a little crusty all over too, but you get in there. Your skin got a little crusty. "Nothing's wrong with Liam's face. It's totally normal." "Yeah, that's a tricky one. We're going to have to deal with that." "Really?" "Yeah, that will do it." So everybody gets a die. You got a hunger die. You got a hunger die. You got a hunger die. You got a hunger die. So they go take those in back. Yuri gets up on stage, stops the DJ. "Ladies and "gentlemen, we have a bit of a conundrum. Gary went and did something dumb this week and I think we "all saw it coming. He's been acting weird with the end of Critical Role. He was getting a little "depressed; he's been feeling bad for a while and he may have taken matters into his own hands and "it feels like it's caused a bit of a disruption. We figured out some of it and thankfully, now "we've contained most of the problem. But we have these four right here. We're getting some results "very soon, but is there anybody in the audience-- is there anybody here tonight who would like to "sponsor one of these four?" Well, I'll tell you what. Really quickly, give me your wits brawl. Wits plus brawl. No, you don't have to roll it. Just tell me what's your number. Your wits plus brawl is six total? All right. All right. And give me... roll perception and awareness? Yeah. Really quickly. Okay. That will do. You suddenly feel a weird pressure as a piece of wood comes bursting out of the front of your chest. (gasping) He's not dead. But you do take four points of health damage. Four serious points of health damage. While you're doing that-- You're going to turn around and see who did it? You turn around and it is, sadly, Satine who had a stake there. You can-- Yeah. Roll a-- let's see, that was a surprise run, so-- Give me a-- what, you're going to try and attack her? Give me another wits brawl. Wits plus brawl. Yeah, roll that, really quickly. Yeah, you attempt to and it does not go well. She takes a swing with a knife. Roll a dex dodge. Oh boy. One critical success. Yeah, you manage to stumble out of the way and now you're rolling with a piece of wood in your chest. You're now rolling into the front stage. "No takers on that "one," Satine seems to say, looking at the three of you. "Do you have something better to say?" The audience appears to be looking at you. I can't tell you. Suddenly, out of the crowd-- --Wil Wheaton slowly walks up to you and gives you a big hug. He's going to stab you in the back. Roll dex dodge. Roll dex dodge. Oh boy! Wil rolls really well when I'm rolling for him. I'm going to let this be a succeed at a cost. You give him a shove, but there's like a knife scrapes your back. As you shove away, you take one point of damage. On the health. Yeah. (laughs) You use Presence Awe? On Wil? On Satine? On who? Erika is also slowly walking towards you. You're going to try and-- Roll your dice, man. That was good! She seems receptive to it. She's starting to get that smile. And then you feel shoved from behind. Someone just shoves you from behind. Oh yeah, that did it. And now a stake hits you right in the back. Erika's still staring at you. "I do, but my boss would get really mad at me." And behind you is Felicia Day, staring down going, "No. Oh no." "I know." Roll strength brawl. No one stabbed Travis. It works! You are pinned to her and she takes the pain and it's-- how much are we doing here? Stakes are mean. You haven't-- and I'm going to let her, since you're now top to bottom and you're holding on. Okay. She is going to just take her knife and start cutting your head right off. You are literally pinned to her like a thumbtack. You do. I was about to say, you can try to dodge out of the way. That was a really good-- you just knocked her and she went straight up for it so you should try. That would be a-- that's your initiative roll, so it would be a dex dodge. Oh yeah, no. Yeah, you're looking pretty rough. That was five more points of health. You're starting to powder on the floor. Roll a blood die and then roll a... "I'm really sorry, Liam, but this is just not the kind of content we're really looking "to make right now. But, really, thank you for everything. Thank you for all of this and I'm so "sorry. Sorry. It's going to hurt a little. I'm trying to make it not hurt. Sorry!" And she takes a stab. Pushes a little deeper. Yeah, you're staked and down and you're not probably getting back up. Yeah. "Yeah, but she tastes of death." Make a charisma persuasion roll. Yeah, you can help him. Charisma persuasion. You just add your successes together. You could burn a willpower. You can reroll any you like, as many as you like. Out of the back room runs Mary Elizabeth, who goes, "I'll take that one! It's "okay. I've got this one." "You." She takes you and goes over. Satine walks over to you and goes, "Oh no, you're fine. You don't smell of death." "Well then, we will say, welcome to the Tremere family." "And welcome to the Toreador family. We'll train you, we will talk and we will see what else--" "Oh yes." "We will sleep for the day and then in the morning we will figure out precisely what it "is that you can do and who may have been responsible for creating you in the first place." Satine. Satine's taking you. Well done for not-- And with that, they lead you to the basement of the club, where there are clean, fresh coffins for everybody to sleep in. They're powder. Wow, I was really hoping to TPK everyone, but you guys made it through the evening. All you had to do was to kill Diva and that would have been the fucking end of it. Thank you, everybody, for letting me-- You don't know what happened to Taliesin. I know what happened to Taliesin. Yeah. TRAVIS and Yeah. No. Yeah, Taliesin was in the back room. Mm-hmm. Because he was in a cage. It's a long story. We'll get there one day. Taliesin was not doing well. He may have done some bad things. Yeah, I've got to say, this is a wonderful system that I'm a very big fan of and thank you all for joining me in this ridiculousness. I was really hoping to give you guys the TPK you all wanted but fucking Laura just had to be a good guy and let Diva live. It's okay. It's great. She saved your ass, man. And then you saved hers, to be fair. She was going to go, too. So if you guys want the v5 alpha, there's a little playthrough online that you can find. I'm sure someone in the chat can lead you to it. Also, Onyx has got reams of stories of the old books for this game, including Live Action Role-Playing. There used to be these great City by Night books LA by Night, New York by Night and all these wonderful references. I always love that you can pull interesting-- these are great characters for pulling weird historical bits of different cities out, because some of these people actually lived to see it, which is always fun. So yeah, look up the lizard people in LA and those were fun. Those were real things and Los Globos is a weird little club in LA. Still up and running. It's where Das Bunker happens and sorry, Diva, for-- thank god we did not kill Diva and Manzey. We love you both very much. And thank you for everybody who's watched this evening. Thank you for everybody who offered to be a sacrifice for this episode. I did see you, but I was not prepared to kill Critters yet and thank you for not killing the one Critter I gave you. Although I would have been really interested to see if you guys had eaten lizard people. That was an option. Their blood would have been weird. Yeah. I had some interesting rules I brewed up for eating lizard people and how it would affect you. This has been fun. This has been exhausting. I can't believe Matt Mercer does this every week. I'm ready to pull my mohawk off. I may have already pulled my mohawk off. Oh god. And next week, it's going to be you. Thank you everybody. I hope you have a wonderful Halloween weekend if you have time tomorrow. Thank you to our sponsor, Tor Books. And if you have time to check out some of our other shows, we've got Madness this weekend that you can check out and Gather Your Party tomorrow, where I'm going to be wearing something super fancy. Yeah. Thank you all, have a pleasant evening and is it Thursday night yet?