All right! Bring it! Oh no. I am genuinely in trouble! Oh no, that's a DC character. That's a Jean-Claude Van Damme. That is a Jean-Claude Van Damme! (laughter) That's-- I don't know! JCVD! This is so painful. Oh my god! That is a Jean-Claude Van Damme. Also a Jean-Claude Van Damme! And also, I think a Marvel villain, as well. That's a DC hero. That is a-- Yeah, Marvel enemy. I'm not even going to-- yeah okay. The only Jean-Claude Van Damme film I've seen. I have never been so baffled in my life! That was amazing! Marvel Puzzle Quest. I'm blaming the shirt, man. Oh, that's right. I'd forgotten about that. I just learned that. Thank you being on our show! It was fun. Yeah, we're going to be doing, in honor of the new sets that have been happening everywhere, we're doing a secret headquarters where we're going to be talking about famous superhero headquarters and everything from like, old school stuff and the League of Extraordinary Gentlemen, to the Titan's tower, all the fun stuff. It'll be cool. I think, if anything, it might be even less effective here. Other than your pocket dimension. Best Halloween trick ever. Oh, also. Wow! Towards the tower. Oh, we did take a long rest. You know you're going to get them back next long rest. Oh, really? Ash in front. I'll be with you. Does it look like people are avoiding us or does it look like this is not a place of-- All right. I had a funny feeling you would say that. 12. We literally went through this before. We'll keep you in ear contact. See how many wristbands you can get. I've got a weird theory. Maybe this is vision-based. Maybe we have to close our eyes. I spin three times in a circle. I'm going to follow him. Yeah. Just nonchalantly. I think, perhaps, you need reverence. I believe in plenty of things. But, yeah, no, I agree. This is bullshit. Pike. Pike, do you want to collect the rest of them and lead them back here? We have a piece of him. We have his eye in a box. It's powerful and intelligent. That would be quite helpful. I'm right here, guys. It's really not cool. It's going to be like the Wonka factory, it's just it's going to turn on you. Pearls from the beach, you get nothing, sir! Good day! Do I recognize any of the fruit that's growing on the trees? Yeah. 15. That may be the most interesting thing I think you've ever said, is souls don't grow on trees. MARISHA and Yeah, this is, there's a lot of variety. If you do eat anything, and you shouldn't, but if you do eat anything, eat something you don't recognize, it'll be funnier that way. (deadpan) No, don't, stop. I dare you not to eat it. (whispers) Grog. Are they eating the solid fruit? None of them are eating the fruit. One of you two. Is this technically favored terrain for you? Not really, no. I know how to be polite. I'm very reasonable at that. Reverence. Yes. I don't believe that'll work. Well, we have misty, but that seems-- It's a nice walk. Like kitchen light white or like reading room light? I don't know. What a beautiful tree you've found. It casts so much shade. (laughter) I was just sitting, like knitting, crochet? You've never been rejected by a tree before, have you? I'm so quietly delighted by this. You're pretty Whitestone blinged. We do, it should be noted, carry a dangerous artifact that we should warn you of. I'm all right with that. Yeah, we'll do this together. I'm all right. Don't eat the spiky bit. Is it Nine Inch Nail hammer? Let's go. What are you-- oh god. Vecna walks the earth. The Divergence is threatened. Your guards, your creatures, have some of our proof in their care, at the moment. We seek knowledge and power. I think it might be, yes. Yes, I think... We stand with... a master of the Grey Hunt. She is the one who can speak for Whitestone on that level. If you say destroy it, we destroy it. Once, you blessed Whitestone. You've got the carpet. I click my Boots of Spider Climbing and spend an action surge to draw and start taking shots at the wings. I want to drop them out of the air. I'm running up the wall. 20, 24, and 36. That's a strength saving throw, or they fall a little bit. Nope. They fall. That's okay. I was running up the wall. I didn't make it in time? We'll have to add a sixth star to the de Rolo crest. Fucking excited. I think this actually changes the crest of Whitestone now, because now there's a sixth champion of Pelor who's of Whitestone. Six stars, not five now. Holy cow. It would only be hers. It would only be her house crest. We need our east coasters.