Yeah, Wednesday Club next week. I don't actually know what we're doing, because I haven't looked at the 30-plus messages in that text thread, because I've been working on a thing that I can't talk about yet that's going to be really, really great. That's true. What are we going to-- yeah, we need a go-to. What was going to be our blanket go-to? I'm not sure. Great Lakes Avengers is actually pretty spectacular. It's hard to say it. Great Lakes Avengers. I haven't read those. Do they have those? Do you want to be a guest on the show? The Doty 6 is going to have a much better camera. It's going to have better voice recognition. You're really going to be happy with it. I kind of want to collapse this cave. No, not with us in it. I don't think we can destroy the ziggurat, but I think we can at least make it extremely difficult to find and get to, and make it very uncomfortable for anything that tries to come through. We saw the spire in both images, correct? I'm imagining a circle of spheres. I think we'll have an easier time keeping track of what is coming in and out if we just have one to deal with as opposed to two. I don't know if we have the option. I know. It's just, what if it happens in both places at once? It's directly under the castle. We would have to maybe fill it with, I don't know. Submerge it or some such. There's acid pits. Let's at least make sure this cave is collapsed. We'll leave the chamber standing, but every entrance to this cave should be collapsed. We know there's three of them. We'll be able to get back in if we need to, we just want to make sure that no one can wander in and out of here without making a bit of a ruckus. One's already blocked. We did, because we had the mansion. How many of those necklaces have we found? Six necklaces. Actually, I think that's a pretty good idea, but you have to remove it from the bag before you walk over to the marble. You have to remove the body from the bag before you walk over. Remove them both. All right. I kind of want to experiment. Would you mind losing one of the necklaces, or no? Let's put a necklace on the other cadaver and then throw it through. You need the cardio, let's not pretend you don't. We're going to put one of the necklaces on the body and throw it through. It'll still be fun to watch. I can only mock you on graph paper. I take what I can fucking get, man. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, yes. Somebody will have to stay behind, but we'll figure that out if we go that direction. There's other options. You. We can get him back to Whitestone, he'll be perfectly fine. We have everything we need there. Of course. I say we head back to Whitestone. We gather resources, we figure out how we're getting where we're going to get. Let's find out. We now know they work. It's anti-Pike armor. Yes, let's not... Yes. I would like to put somebody in this armor in Whitestone so that whoever comes through the portal, the first thing they see is something that they feel comfortable and familiar with. Yes. Well, what kind of boots are they? We can get you something else nice. I have a plan for this armor! Sense of dignity, perhaps? We would turn on you so fast. Let's get back to Whitestone. Well, we have, thankfully, a professional tunnel collapser. So let's find the upstairs entrance and get rid of that-- Well, it's worth noting just in case we cannot find the opening. All right. Let's double-reinforce, just pile-drive the one that's already a little collapsed and make it really collapsed. And then we'll collapse the others while we're leaving. That is more than permission. That is permission and an audience. We're very excited. Yes. No, we're going to be pointing at the things that need to collapse. Well, they can find theirs while we get our tunnels collapsed. And we're helping them figure out where to punch to make everything-- All right. Thank you. Oh, yes. That's excellent. It's a 19. (laughter) Hit this and stand on this side of it, and that should do some intense damage. And run in this direction. (laughter) All right, run. Well done, well done. Not if she's busy dying from both ends. How's it going down there? Have you found it yet? Yes. She jumped in, didn't she? It never occurred to you to speak Common. Why would I do that? I pick up a piece of the local fruit and smell it. No, I don't think I will. I don't think it does. Naturally awful. Did it alter Grog's stats on any level? Then it's not that healthy, is it? It's like agave. You could try to bake with it. Maybe it's bakeable. Is there a tree that this fruit was coming off of? I point at the tree. You're really going through with this? I still like the idea of perhaps the two of you working together. You could talk to Scanlan about it and see if he'd be all right-- (laughter) That's everything I wanted. I'm good. Make thy way to the castle. We're going to take him to the castle. We'll keep you informed. We're going to need everybody. It's worse than we could have imagined. This has to be taken care of immediately. We're going to send word out. I'm going to take out my flask and put it on the table. Sit down for a moment. We have to get her here immediately. Let's double-check that armor for any weird influences it may have, to make sure it is what it seems to be, which is ornamental, with a bit of magic. Let's make sure that the captain of whatever guard is on shift down by the ziggurat is wearing it, and is aware that he's there to befuddle the enemy. I'm in Cassandra's room, still. Just ten seconds of it. We'll see how this goes. Have a bit of that flask. We've found a second ziggurat. We found a cult that is moving things through it. The cult was being led by Delilah Briarwood. She escaped into the ziggurat, so she's no longer on this plane of existence, but some form of her, whether it's undead or otherwise, we're going to need to put it down again. I wanted you to hear it from me. There will be no running this time. Not from me. This is the end of her. I will be there to see it. We will discover what she did. If we can't kill her, we will entrap her forever. I know. I shall. I wanted you to hear it from me so you could compose yourself when other people begin to tell you. They're going to need us to be the strongest. I have faith in you. I'll leave you to it. I'm so sorry. Yes. I'm going to leave her to her room and shut the door. Hi. Honestly, better than I expected. More sick and less things breaking. I'd rather her be sick than angry. It does not drive de Rolos towards anything good. No, not at all. I'm so glad you thought of me when this came up. I think we're going to be walking a very fine line of paranoia for the next however long. When they get here, we're going to look at everything. I think we're going to be fine, but you did give me some ideas that I'm going to think about. I'm going to take one to the library and inspect it. I'm going to also see what any of our other arcanists think of it. If it's from a cult that anybody has heard of before. Really? I'm rubbing off on you. I have no idea what just happened. Yeah. I'm going to double-check the orb room just for a moment, for my own paranoia. Just to look, and then I'm going to start researching that symbol. I'm going to go to the library and I'm showing the council everything. 22. Is it a physical omission from the books, or is it even that the books that would cover it are not here? Books that should cover it that don't? And there's no-- I don't know what's happening over here. There's nothing that's simple. Like, the more I'm looking, I'm looking for mention of the symbols-- Keyleth, you know damn well where I am right now, I'm sitting in the library reading books, so if you have something to say. Oh, wow, you're going way back. Is that Hercules Mulligan? Four set of corsets. I'll let everyone know where I am, too. I'm in the library reading if anybody needs me. If they figure out how, bring some up to the library. Deposit it up. A malad! Previously, on Hannibal. As I was saying 'Grand Poobah', I knew it was going to bite me in the ass. I don't know how. It actually sounds really good. Cured goat meat. We're literally reading through old notes right now. Yes, of course. Well, we don't-- The Sun Tree was here before the castle was here, but-- And things have always happened here. The city has a history of strange occurrences. I'm inclined to believe there was something-- Well, there was obviously something beneath the castle before she got here, or else she wouldn't have come here to begin with. And, I mean, I think it's safe to assume that that's what's down there and that's what they were looking for when they came here in the first place. Yes. She was also, I mean-- I'm pulling out my notes. Well, or she wants to become the next Vecna. We got some of it, but they burned a lot. It could be. We know that she's not ancient, because we have a bit of a paper trail. We do know that she was ruling in Wildmount for a while. We do know that she studied at the Alabaster Lyceum briefly. And there's some paperwork for that. Yeah. From what we understand and again, there's not much that survived that. They tend to cover their tracks. They wanted to move. Well-- And probably collect assets as well. Which I have been. Which I've done. Which I do. Anywhere that they serve some sort of meat salad, I imagine. (laughter) You're thinking maybe they have another portal in Wildmount. Yes. Could be several of them. Let's not get overly speculative here. We were barely there, though. No, because it shut one potential vein of a dozen. Be nice to the Sun Tree. Oh my god, they would've come alive if there had been a giant blast of necrotic energy. She was preparing to create an army. I don't think they had gotten that far yet. Offerings? Because they would've become magical once they got to the other side of the portal. I mean, they would've been great gifts. Logic is a fickle god. It's like watching your game in fast-forward. There was nothing we could have done. Seven of us could go through. There's eight. One of us would have to stay behind. Tary's the eighth. Are we going to go through with Tary? I'm being such an asshole right now. I say we speak with Allura, and if this looks-- I think the plan is we take the fight to them. LAURA and I think that it's not time to check the doors. It's time to go out and chase the monsters. If we take care of them, it doesn't matter how many ziggurats there are. Hope we don't miss one. Travel the world. Let's have an evening, and then tomorrow, we'll-- Collect what we've learned, and if we're prepared, jump into a sphere of death. If you can figure out a way to use one of these to create a Plane Shift that you'll feel comfortable with, then I'm all right with that. Let's all get some sleep, and in the morning, we're going to take care of this. One way or the other, we'll take this fight to them. He likes you. Well, he doesn't dislike you any more than he dislikes anybody else. He's terrible, isn't he? We have a chalice room. Hey. Do you want to buy a chalice? Sipping cups. What do you need? What am I going to do with all these chalices? This is the equivalent of the head shot on the wall. For the chalice on the go. I'm going to make sure I have enough powder and shot for a bit of a jaunt, so I'm going into the stores of what we make here and reloading. I'm also going to try and make some silver shot. I've never tried it before. Not a ton. I want to try and make 12. I want to see if I can make 12. It's intelligence? Intelligence check. Plus my proficiency. That's 19. Which is why I was going to then take those to Pike. I don't entirely understand how this works, but I had an idea. And I show her the 12 silver bearings, basically. Would you know how to bless something like this? I think this might come in handy. It's a wild idea. I don't know. I'm trying to think of surprising her with something. They're a bit hard to make, and they may just not be useful at all, but I thought... I don't know how any of this works. Thank you. She's going to keep trying to listen to one word. Technically speaking, you've been on salary. That's just been sitting on your bedside, hasn't it? Slowly making the sound of crying. Anything else? He'll have to come back, anyway, because he doesn't know how to make the ammo for his gun. They're musket balls, technically. They're not bullets. We also have to modify one of the necklaces. But we have enough necklaces that we could just jump through. I can think of many reasons why that's probably not a good idea. The Bag of Holding is a negative space. It's not designed to sustain life. Very specifically not, because things die in there. What if the things inside take the damage even if they are in the Bag of Holding? No. This is not a magic you want to be messing around with. No, this is the fantasy equivalent of locking yourself in a refrigerator. I feel comfortable with the level of risk-taking of jumping into a giant sphere that crushes anything it touches. Careful where you aim that. You might break a camera. Let's grab a bit of funds. Do we have the group funds, as well? We have access to the group funds. Not yet. What if nothing's waiting for us on the other side? Because now we're down one Heroes' Feast. Then we dive into the mansion and we have a Heroes' Feast. I think we're going to be okay. I think over-cautious. Even when jumping into the depths of the undead, there's such a thing as over-cautious. I'm putting the-- as I hit the microphone. Do not touch your microphone when you put on your necklace. I'm putting on my necklace. I want them to see me coming. Who first? Well, that happened. 23. No, I have other qualities, history was not my forefront. I know Whitestone. Nine. Can we consult the Rand McNally? I imagine it'll take a few days when it's done. I don't expect us to be in and out of here, I think this is going to take some time. 22. Towards the city. The building on the left, I'd say. I'm going to crawl up the wall to the second floor to see what's up there. It's been cleaned out. There's no sign of anybody who used to be here? Nothing of value, nothing of interest? I think we're going to have to move deeper in. Straight hole right through the head. No jaw. Slowly make our way to the town. Left, right, left, step, step, step. (laughter) You make it sound so tawdry. Carry on. Let's make our way into town. Quietly. Yes. We're not doing-- I mean, the Chained-- The Chained Oblivion, there was a fight between. That mark couldn't have ended up-- I don't know. Are there any buildings that have enough structure to them where it feels like there might be things inside that have been relatively unmolested at this point? 12. But they're cultists. Kill two, keep one to question? God, can we even kill people here? Will they die? Let's cut them off. When they walk by the house, push them. Incapacitating, at the very least. The head is cleaved from the body. Oh, yes, this will be fun. I take out a small, three-inch steel ball. I look him right in the eye, and go, Manners. And I toss the steel ball at our friend. The iron bands. I actually make a ranged attack roll. Makes me feel better. Thank God. That's still fine. 23. Excellent. This thing will allow him to talk. I believe this thing has a... I give him a second to sit and I wait until we're all inside. With advantage. He has advantage. This may be how they move freely. I'm going to let you speak, and we're going to have a conversation. Given where you are, the circumstances that we find you in, I'm going to let you know that there is a curse upon my weapon, and the souls that are killed with this weapon are claimed by a demon named Orthax. Now, I haven't experimented as to what happens when somebody's soul is claimed by more than one creature, but I'm excited to find out. So wouldn't it be interesting if everything you've been promised here is suddenly null and void? So, yes, we may threaten your life, but I want you to know that what's really at stake here is just precisely what's left of your soul, so answer with caution. And I unlock. Fucking dice. No love on that one. Terrible. Eight. This sort of thing isn't going to get us anywhere. Pike. Think you can give him back his eye? Where are you from? The ziggurats, there's three of them. You've come through the Wildemount one? I close the mouth. We don't need a distraction, we need quiet at this point. I'll release him and you do your business, all right? Manners. Thank you. It's programmable. Grab the necklaces and the cloaks and the censer. All three of them. We can't keep everything. Is there anything of interest in this building, since we have a moment? 15. I say we make our way towards the spire. All it needs is honey and brie. PJ's, mimosas, and very old puppies? Charlie can run Trinket.