Wait! I made that list specifically so you could reference it. That's fine. I do these things. It's okay. I don't mind. Let's keep moving forward. I'll go behind the twins. We still have some cloaks. They know that the orb was with two of the others, so as long as we keep the distance, everything should be fine. It could in theory collapse the arches, if you were so inclined. How big is the ball, again? Grog's not going to fit in that hole. I don't trust you as a sphere artisan. As legendary as your ball-handling skills are-- Roll 2d6. I don't see how I could possibly help with this. Here's a question, if you start thinking of it going in a particular direction, does it keep going in that direction? We could send it in a direction? Or we could send it straight up. You finally found a worse pet than Trinket. Well done. I love Trinket. To control the sphere, is it just will? I can lend the scope of my gun, if that helps. Scope? Just a series of lenses-- I let Grog look through the scope. I regret nothing. Matt's finding his murder sheet. Do we want to deal with these people or get around them? What was his name? Can you send them down there? The rest of them to help the other-- We tell them they need help down below, in the cavern where we murdered everybody. You're Odell. Viscon might be one of them. Send them down there to see if there's a problem, then cave them in when they all go. How is it that Grog is following me right now? Am I making that little sense? We send one of us up as Odell to tell Viscon there's a problem down there and that we need everybody to help because we found something. He's looking forward to vacation when this is all over. Anything you'd like. Not that, but yes. We found something interesting. It's strange, possibly dangerous, possibly useful. We'll stay in there. We're going to get into the ruins and have our guns trained in case anything goes wrong. Remember, if anything goes wrong, it's been a pleasure working with you. We think well of you and move on. He appears in another game. Somewhere in Deep Valley. 34. So they can only move at the speed of the orb, since they have the orb with them. How many creatures are left guarding us? Humanoids are the big problem. We have the gem. It may make the undead move towards it. LAURA and Move the behemoth away. Move the behemoth away! I can assist in your inspiration. Can I assist in his inspiration? Including casting a spell? We can stealth-kill these humans super quick. We have to wait for the first wall to collapse, then we may run. Well, I would say collapse the tunnel, then go. We'd have to be lucky. That's why we stealth-kill them now. We could go for surprise kill if we want. Yeah, I'm at great distance. First one is 32 to hit. Second shot is 28 to hit. First shot is terrible! It's 12 points of damage. I don't have surprise bonus at all, do I? Second shot is-- oh my god, what a terrible roll! Ten points of damage. Nope, I'm so sorry! That's not nearly as bad as I thought it was. 16 points of damage. That's way better. That seven looked like a one. I'm booking it. Running up to the center tunnel. I think we're going to all get in and then, Grog, I'm going to have you punch the darkness. You're our hostage now! I'm going to shoot, as well. Very carefully see what's up there and find some cover. I've been thinking about that. I haven't come up with anything. No, we could try and find the object. There are legends that say that the sword was lost somewhere near the city. We are, for as much of a moving, still in the earth somewhere near the city. We could find the sword. I really hope we don't have to go back down there, but maybe. That might have been what they were searching for. We're going to die. She's a terrible liar. We'd know. It would be advantageous. Like hopping Earth orbit. It's probably what they were digging for. I can keep blowing his mind like this. It's quite nice. How much of a problem is the Move Earth, and how far can we go? A thousand feet, with the Move Earth? We have to move quick. It takes a minute to activate the stone, though. You would be down there-- that's the problem. She would follow her. Can you follow her? Or we make a tunnel and we all go. Tunnel! We collapse the tunnels behind us. You lead us, we go straight there. Less than a thousand feet. I know that this is burning, but we've got no choice. Under a thousand feet. That's assuming we hit no pockets. All right, fuck. (laughs) Does anybody know that joke outside of this room? Wait, that's right. We Instagrammed it. It's a Disintegration spell. There's no closet. We're in a tiny tunnel. We know. I'm going to walk up to Grog and Pike. I grab Grog and Pike. We're going to run together. I activate my Silence spell. You two are in my Silence spell. But you have advantage. Do I have advantage? Well, I might have advantage also. I'm in the Silence spell also. Not that I need it, though. Natural 19, so 29. They can't hear you. People who see invisible things can see it. Just in case, is it wise to leave one of the Gate Stones outside the door? You take one so if you need to port back to it, it's here. LAURA and Nope! I'm going to leave it in the kitchen. So I'm going to put one of the Gate Stones in a corner, so it's not so obvious. Yep. And then you guys have the other one. All right, we're in the mansion. Hush. Ignore him. Wait. Shit might get really weird now. You are actually perceivable? But only to the things that can perceive. Because it's late and this is what's happening. That's cool. So you found a cavern. Don't we always. That's a terrible roll. I'm so sorry. Is it considered a salad if it's mostly cucumber in there? How is this different than a sliced pickle? You're in a cavern. You can't have any dill. What does Keyleth think of dill? We don't know, do we?! We'll never know. God fucking damn it. Well, we're at least relatively safe here for a moment until they figure out a way to find us and then get rid of us. Keep rummaging. Wow, it's been a long time. You may never see your bear-- nope. Playing devil's advocate. Cosmic bear. He'll look like Eternity from Marvel Comics. He'll be this star bear-- What?! Worst case scenario, we can leave the gate stone outside. Fuck the Briarwoods! We're practically gods. Let's be fair. We're so fucked. Oh god, we should turn off our cell phones more often. This feels really good. Oh god. We thought about leaving one as a marker for us. That is the most frightening thing-- Give him some distance. That's a fucking dice tray. That's not a card! What are we if not risk-conscious? Let's get him a steak or something. Sword of Kas, not even once. (laughter) Wow, way to bring that back. And your father. Can we pinpoint when we get back? I was about to say, you've been thinking about it, and the answer is no. We can also maybe have a second to breathe and have a second to maybe identify that stone we took. It's entirely possible that we could return to where we were with only a few minutes having passed. Plead our case. I don't think it's in anybody's interest to have Vecna controlling any of the planes. Yes. Perhaps. Sleep. And return minutes later. You definitely have been sleep cranky. No, never again. This made everything worthwhile, right here. Travis, are you going to be reading that weapon for the next week, aren't you? Not all of it. That's the rest of the show if he reads it. "Cum see us--" MATT and "Time" circled. I am legit out of sheer panic going to take off all of my clothes and dive straight into that lake. That little pond? I'm washing. I have had a nervous breakdown. I am like, yeah, no, we're naked into the water. I'm in there, yelling into the water right now because it's been too much. Coming back sopping wet and naked I'll say And we've got this weird thing that we're not entirely sure about. Since we're making a deal, I want to make sure of a few things, because I love making deals. First of all, as perhaps a token of friendship, do you have any idea what this is? I am still apologetically naked and wet. Thank you. Second question is when we do return in an hour, where are we going to reappear? This is great. Another strange question have you ever had access to our world before? Have I read about this cat? Nope. Nope, no idea. None, nope. I have no idea. How long does he have to be dead in your hands before you decide that it's worked? This is the problem with fey. They don't tend to lie, they tend to tell just most of the truth. No, I'm all right with that. I whap Scanlan on the head. This is what's happening. Absolutely. Do you still have advantage on death saving throws because of that thing that we did a while back? Or is that long gone? Never mind. Carry on. Well, this may be the weirdest thing. This is not the worst thing. Everyone's backing off. Yeah, no. Underwater. I grab her and drag her right back to the pond. This is quality internet. They're in the woods. We're in the pond. Might be a dawn thing. We moved and he appeared. Dawn doesn't really exist out here. It's just a rest. Is there somewhere else that we could go to recuperate? That will be the last thing we do before we go to sleep. We have a little time. One day. There's currently a giant city walking its way towards another giant city. A skeletonized dragon. A gold dragon. Cannibal undead dwarves. No, we've had an enormous amount of trouble with doors in our time. (laughter) I'm watching to see if anyone eats the food. It's been a long time. Could be disintegrated, though. There are not going to be ten days. We don't need a ten-day Death Ward. We need a one-day Death Ward. Well, you with Haste would be horrifying. None of us have it. No. They're monstrous. I'm so excited. No, it was great.