I don't want to say. I'm so excited now to see what it spells out. It's almost over. I'm walking in there. What do you wish to know? Hadn't occurred to us. Even with these gods, there is still much doubt as to our success. We are not certain. We are not sure. Where are the lives of those who witnessed it? I'm going to read off some titles. 12. 12. Fuck. There's no pattern. Oh, like some sort of astrolabe or something like that? Are there any books in the bowl? I'm going to take a look at what's in the bowl. I'm going to read the names of these books. Maybe sing it. Who are you?! I was sitting on the couch. -- rocks and the trees and birds in the sky. I'm not supposed to know that. (groans) What was the name of the sword? Where was it last seen? That pleases me. Be happy here. Strangely, yes. Yes, quite. Didn't think I would be. Back to where we came from. Back to the cabin. The little house. Because we still have a man tied up. He's been sitting there for probably about an hour or two. Well, I want to talk to him, too, but yes. They are pretty impressive. Why are we going to Whitestone, then? Well, now that we know where it is, you can probably bamf us there, can't you? You can check him out, right there. I'm going to go into the room and find the nice creature that we left there. Oh, I don't suppose we need you any more, do we? I'm going to take out my sword and very slowly end that. Manners! I'm going to check through the books to see if there's anything. 22. No. I think that may have actually come with us, that might have been us. Looking through books. You know... I'm not angry. My books are still lovely, the library is still lovely. It made a lot of things better. I think you're just fine. (laughs) Mostly. Apparently. I know. Honestly, I'm a little touched. Yeah, if it weren't for the migraine. I'm sorry, by the way. You may be the only one who understands this, but I needed something that was mine for a little while. So little of who we are is ours, and I knew it would end, but it was nice. Ioun is quite a goddess, and she does not respect secrets, though. I, on the other hand, feel that secrets can be precious. Well, I thought she may kill me at that point. I was honestly fearing for my life there a little bit, and at that point everything was so awkward. Well, we'll see. I don't know. Yes, one of the bonuses of not being one of the chosen of the gods is we don't have to believe in destiny. We just, I think, heard a big speech from a god about not believing in destiny. Why do we have to listen to anything they say? MARISHA and That was a plant. You've been holding a plant and I've been holding a book. That got weird. I think that was legitimately you were still holding a potted plant. How does it feel to be chosen by a goddess at this point? Yes, you! I know you've been listening. We all watch. Shake him a bit. It will stop the reaction. He's keeping it secret. Keeping it safe. I know. This is going to be an odd request. Let's not go to Whitestone. I feel like we're being watched. It was an undead thing. It was just going to make a tongue at us. Perception check. Also, is there anybody in the forest? I think, as generous as this offer is, we just don't enjoy associating with new money. Let's get out of here now. We need sanctuary. Can you make your mansion? We need to rest, eventually, and you need to commune. We'd better assume we're being seen and heard at all times. Maybe not. Let's do this quick. We need to rest. You need to talk. There's much to do, and this does not feel good. Or even inside. I will literally shoot anybody who attempts to deal with it. Give him your hat. I'm going to grab someone, at some point. You there! What is the commotion? How soon? Who told? I just want to find out where it came from. Good man. Carry on. Prepare. The room where it happened? This is normal. He is not a vampire. I don't think that's how it works. He's not a zombie. Do we want to try and make one more jump? Once. You've made some bad decisions, haven't you? Do we want to try and run one more time before we-- SAM and Well, into the forge, I suppose. Find the sword, head to the forge. Let's set up camp, and if you feel like you want to make one last-- 20/20. Do we want to set up shop here or do we want to set up shop in the temple of Kord? I think honestly here they'll have difficulty identifying which of our blood is going to be splattered on the ground. Let's sleep here. You're speaking words that he doesn't-- He doesn't know what that word means. What was Kord painting? Please tell me it was a horse playing saxophone. That's all I want. (laughter) Formation. Smoke. Beans, apparently. I just assumed because I know you. Hopefully not in the kitchen, though, so we're going to cook anything we like. That actually might, especially if not eaten with rice. Or a bean. Asking the dungeon master. I'm not trained in religion. I've been thinking a lot. I've been trying to skirt around this information for a bunch of reasons, so I've been making a mental shopping list. I'm attempting to do the math of how much platinum... We can buy platinum. Go to a bank and exchange it. If he actually has the phrase "a bunch of digits," that would make me so happy right now. There's part of me that doesn't want to know. We depower them, so they'll be weak when they go against Vecna. It's not like we can't look in on anyone that we need to really quickly. I'm feeling the urge. My question is, does it matter, at the moment? Does it? Does it just make us panic? All right, point made. Point very well made. Let's start with-- No, finish this first. With the gem. It had a gem in one eye, if I recall. We may be going to get the skull back. It literally has a leaf on it, oh my god. I've read them. Did you put stars next to it because it was important or did you just put stars next to it? Let's find out what's going on with the skull. Yeah, let's give ourselves-- We're going to try and take 48 hours to get as much done as humanly possible. Part two? One of which is whether or not our friends are alive. Could've been Tary. Just pick a city. Let's just keep looking at people in various cities. A little bit of hemming, a little bit of hawing. Oh yeah, we're going to have that conversation. That's right. We're going to set her up so that she's nice and-- In a chair and we're going to bind her. Five. Was Craven Edge the sword? What he has done to prepare for the inevitable attempts to re-bind him. I don't know, we've got a few things we can threaten her with. We can attempt to have her consecrated and buried in the Raven Queen's temple so that nothing will ever bring her back again. Also, in theory, I think it's possible that I could just send her to hell. Yeah. I feel pretty good. I like this plan. Even as a source of information, a source of vengeance, she is a constant disappointment. Wait, do we have to do it outside? I was going to ask. I know. As many as it takes. We have to rest. We need the mansion to sleep. We can't sleep anywhere without the mansion. We're going to have to breathe. We're going to have to figure out a way to survive. Will that save us from the poison? From the palace. It's the brew that's true. It's going to be all right. We have one advantage that they do not. That too. Only one of us is underestimating the other. We can do this. You're fine. We know we have to be careful. Heroes' Feast, Water Breathing, platinum, and then you're going to hit something with a hammer.