It's like one cookie at a time. You can't bake one cookie at a time. We would miss this sense of wonder that we get to share with the community. It's really nice. It's like watching Home Alone next to Macaulay Culkin. It's great. I'm getting so much out of it. Stuff, things. I'm using it right now. I literally can't see anything. I think they would be less intimidated by a glowing mace than by glowing hands, at this point. I'll be behind you. Is this pressure by design, or is this what's been done to the structure by the transformation? That's right. I forgot about the ring. If we have to, we can just have Grog beat it down. Is it? We can try and time it to a step. 12. We could go have Grog smash it down in tempo with the steps so that the sound will be covered. I was thinking of the Tainted Love Levi's commercial. I like the idea of you punching this at the appropriate moment. (singing) Wait for it to go again and bump, bump, bump. Let the twins take a look. I think it would be safe. Check the sconces, see if they trigger something. People don't install those unless there's something awful that needs to be done. Yeah. I like this marching order. He's better at blowing up than you are, dear. Oh no. Maybe a second interrogation room and there's another room behind it, maybe? I am up here. I'm right here. Tap the mirror. Wow. Is it in piles that would be about human-amount of ash? All right. I'll Gil this one. Yeah, natural 20. That'll do. It's organic ash? I hate to say this, but tap the button? I'm going to touch the door. Simon, we barely knew him. Is it warm? It's an oven. I'm looking for some sort some sort of cancel mechanism somewhere on the outside of the door. Let's say that investigation was somewhere around a seven? (laughter) We have been gone so long! What's he going to say if you call to him? Was he going to say something? Why don't we try pushing all four buttons at once? He's coming up with some bullshit. Let's try pushing all four buttons. I'm going to do bottom left. Bottom left. Getting out a hanky and (blows). Yes, of course. That's what it's there for. The back of it. Does the mirror have a fancy frame? Are any of these symbols mirrored in the frame itself? Is there a mirror of any of these symbols in the frame? No, because you have to hit one, and then you have to hit the two together-- So one-one, two-two-two-two, three, four-four. Is our physicality of this map correct? If we show you this? I gave it a little bit of a rub. Look out! LIAM, MARISHA, and How high up are the buttons? So if he had something that was-- if he had a mop, basically, he could probably tap it. But only if we're in there and then we don't need an unseen servant to do it. Let's give him a stick. Yeah, he has a lance. My god, it will finally be useful one last time. No! We are not disengaging a smoke alarm with a fucking trammel. There is a limit! Let's explain to the unseen servant what he's supposed to do. Electric Boogaloo. All right, keep going. I'll join in that perception. I'm behind. You know, the standard-- I got a 25. Vex is right. 25. (old man voice) Where's Steven? I'd be grateful if anyone got a sample of that bioluminescent fungus. Temple. Is the temple on the way? Does it make sense to cross through the city, or does it make sense to fly up? We've got some time, and I feel like this city is an opportunity to find some more advantages. It's not a city that just existed. This is a giant primordial beast that people inhabited. God only knows what existed in here. If gods really understood how this world worked, this would not be happening right now. He doesn't necessarily know this place as well as-- What was the average land speed of a laden undead? I'm not even saying look in it, let's take a look at what it-- We might be harder to spot if we stay on the ground for now, anyway. I'm aware. And then you three on the carpet, you on the broom. We're all ear-pieced. This is in no way, by the way, an amazing mirror of that one time underneath Kraghammer. They're just going to find another Clarota. I will not die in this stupid temple. I slap him in the face. Okay, can't split the party. We all go looking for the stairs. Oh, you asshole, stop it! (laughter) Whatever we do, we can't split the party (fast-forward noise). Okay, we're going to split the party. That was Cabin in the Woods shit. 26. First time ever. Let's try and serpentine around and see if we can trace back. Yep. Been a while. If there's anything left on Grog by the end of this, I'll try to swipe them off with my sword. I'd like to pop in and see if I could take a couple-- I'm not; I'm going to use my sword. 16. I'm going to run in, draw the silvered sword, and take some swipes. Let's take three swipes right out of here. That's one natural 20, one natural 19. Do I crit on a 19 with the sword? Okay, never mind. And a two. But that might be enough, because I have a really high-- that's a 15 as my lowest to hit. Does a 15 hit? So the 15 is-- That's 14 piercing damage to the first one with a silvered sword. Number two is 13 points of damage to the second one. I twirl around and take my third wonderful pirouette attack, which is 20 points of damage. We have to stick together. No, it's far. I think it'd be safer to stay on the ground level and sneak. Because if we're the air, they are going to see us. Yes. 23. We also have the herbs. When it's time. We don't have a lot of it. Let's prepare it, and when it's time-- It's just burning the herbs, though. We don't need the censer. Just hold it in your hands. It's good that we didn't go on the catwalk. Also, have your unseen servant make a bunch of noise and have them all-- We can have the unseen servant pick it up. What if he were to go in and get it himself? Yes, but not here. If we were to be clever, if we're at the edge of Vasselheim, the Vasselheim forces will be distracting his forces, so we'll have less to deal with, so we want this fight to happen at the edge. There will not be a long rest, I don't think. I've only burned one thing that requires a long rest. If we can pull this off without burning anything important, then it doesn't matter. I'll be on the broom with her. We all have to be together. We can't separate. I can also climb up the wall, if need be. Just for shits and giggles, I'm going to take one last look around to see if there's any infrastructure for getting up. There must be infrastructure for getting up here. There wasn't layers of a city on top of each other. This is why we hoarded it in the first place. If they chase the jewel, we can grab it and run, anyway. Okay, I'm not saying no. This is like those little handkerchief ghosts you would make in kindergarten. Not the rock, the lantern. Light the lantern and throw it. It doesn't matter; they're not paying attention. They drop out of nowhere. They faint. It's going to be good. I thought you were made of sterner stuff, Travis. Come on. Now is not the time to get squeamish. We made a solemn oath. We agreed, weeks ago. Drop it in the Bag of Holding. Trying to avoid them. Weird question if I were holding the blue gem and had dropped it down this hole, what would be the likelihood it would have ended vaguely where it ended up? Just checking. Does it do anything to the Titanstone Knuckles? Does it have the vibe of something petrified? My only other thought of how it could be useful, at this point, with what we know about it-- It seemed like the undead were crowding towards it, which means that if we do get attacked by a group of undead, we might be able to shiny-object them, unless, of course, it's dangerous in their hands. That literally made the dungeon master laugh, so I don't know if that's necessarily-- That's the color of Dr. Manhattan. I don't necessarily know if it's the same thing. Not crazy, trying to crack it. It could be a chunk of heart. Hold onto it for now. It could come in handy. Are there exits? I literally rolled a one. I'm aware that there's a hole. So there's a bar. The door is barred, then? So break it. Let's get out of the way and pop the bar. See if we can pop the bar right off the door. The left one. We set ourselves up. We have some Immovable Rods. Whoever's in the back should have the Immovable Rods, so if there's a sudden rush of water, we can create a grate for ourselves. Myself and the twins, I suppose. I'll take a glance at these things to memorize their general shape. This is some basic shit that you're picking up right now. Do these resemble underwater breathing? Emergency, yeah. Let's take those. Just in case. Why is there no water running? What? Yeah, that's happening. Huge, mammoth. Turgid. Leave one of them alive, but don't let them leave. 13. It's almost as low as I can go. I know. (beatboxes) Not that one. That one looks like he knows too much. Yeah, but he's vined. He had the map. If he built the map, there's a way out. Oh shit, son! Probably not. They'll have to move the orb to do that. We need to dispel this shit. Oh shit, and look what they're doing! I have no ideas for anything. Oh, for fuck sake. Yeah, all creatures within range. I hear a whole bunch of commotion, so I'm going to pop my head up out of the hole and see what the fuck is going on. Well, I'm coming up the hole. I take a look. Oh, sweet god. I'm going to take a shot at the guy I see up on the table there. That's better. Yeah, the gray. And that's 28? I'm going to drop back down the hall. You don't roll; you get the max. Until there's something to hit. Okay, it's going to be okay. Everything's okay. Oh no, here they come. If we can hit them, they're probably squishy. We've got to get everyone away from that thing. And then there was a third one. Radiant damage is what we need in here. I'm going to stay in my little cubby hole. I've got some good visual on a couple of these guys down here. I'm going to yell at everybody to get the fuck away from the ball. I'm going to hold my attack until something happens that's going to give me something to shoot at. That's awfully close to the ball. He's lost visual range of the ball? Like he's parting the Red Sea. TALIESIN and That's not Gandalf. That's a cosplayer. Five hobbits in a cloak. That's all it is. It's not a wizard. Inspire yourself! I have three. Wow, that was a deep cut. I see that, and I take three shots at this fucker up here immediately. How far away is he? I'm going to use Bad News, then, because that is within range for my fucking sniper rifle. He's going to take that. I can't use a bonus action, and I have to reload once, so I can only take two shots with my action. I can't take three. So two shots with Bad News. Here we go. That's a 25 and 27 to hit. First shot is 22 points of damage. Second shot is not as good. 14 points of damage. There's a lot of noises going on in this place. I think it'll be okay. So the sphere is still there? Was there a third guy? That's an answer. He could roll a save, though. Reload. Going to take another shot. Going to take a shot. Yeah, let's take another shot. Probably got a low AC. Let's make this a sharpshooter, just for fun. Yeah. That's a sharpshooter shot, so that's a 24 to hit? All right. So let's do (counting) 26 points of damage. We can still interrogate him. He doesn't have to be alive for that. Any other problems? Let's rifle through these guys' stuff. Which one do we want to interrogate? Let's throw gray robe into the annihilation ball. Let's get rid of him. Everyone gather up. We're going to get our stuff. I'm going to get Odell. Oh, okay. There was a third guy, right, that they killed early on? Assume we're going through everybody and taking their shit. I think that's a good idea. Oh yeah, we're taking all this shit. Were they drilling? I want to take a little bit of an inspection. Were they drilling with this thing? Is that why they had it? Why did you have to tamper with the fundamental forces of nature? Wait, was that a wisdom saving throw? Let's leave it. Tend to the sick and leave the well alone. All right. Let's all back up. Finally. I'm in The Explorers, motherfucker. I'm in The Explorers. No. Yes! I'm really in The Explorers. I'm one of River's little brothers. I'm Ludwig. I think he's not ready to pop a wheelie on this thing yet. Yeah, no. I'm okay with this. Bring the sphere back down so that we can throw their bodies into the sphere so that they don't turn into undead fuckwads. Here's a weird question what saving throw do they have to make to speak the truth? And what's the save? Are we going to try this crazy shit? Yeah, what's the plan? What are they trying to do? What's Vecna planning? How many of them are there? Five? He might not know that. But what are they excavating for? What are they looking for? I think I know, too, but I want to hear him say it. It'd make me feel better. Get in the zone. No. Not me. We'll take the fanciest cloak. Burn the bodies. Fuck it. Throw them into the sphere. It's so nice to be back.