It's so weird! This is a crazy thing above us. Fidelio. Exactly two weeks ago, at the Willingham house. Later, in the hospital waiting room. Meanwhile, inside the delivery room. And scene. Fjord never came back after watch last night. Fjord? MARISHA and The Traveler's bullshit! That really would've worked. I'm going to check the tents. I'm going to check the tents to see if their stuff is still there. Yasha's stuff is still here? So there's nothing behind? That's unbelievably bad. I'm going to check the road for fresh tracks, see if anything looks like it was disturbed. Oh, for fuck's sake. Same roll. Two. They're literally scarecrows in the background. We are children lost at a Ross Dress for Less. We're never going to see our parents again. It's all over. (cawing) Hey! Thank God. First, thank you. Second, they may have just taken the ones that were furthest away from the light. They just picked them off, maybe? You walk away from camp, that's what happens. I mean, it's not the biggest or strongest. It's the-- I'm going to freak out. Is there any trash or anything on the road? I'm just going to look for any-- That's better. 14. Moving? I'm going to draw both swords and head towards it. I may have already moved. I didn't think of that. Yeah. I'm just going to be obvious. That was fast. And here, have a thing. What the fuck is going on? We don't know! Probably! I haven't really thought this through. Where did you come from? What are you doing in the bloody bushes by our campsite? I'm putting down one of the swords. We're having a very weird day. Just one. There's still one glowing sword. We more or less got robbed last night and you're the first living human being that we've seen-- or, not human being. Last night. Not yet. But keep it drawn. We're having a very bad morning. I apologize if we came off a little terse. All right, fine. Oh no. I have an idea. We've all had a bit of a morning. Let's sit down. Have a drink. We can get you liquor. We can talk about anything you've seen traveling on the road in the last day or two. I'm Molly. Is your name Pleasure, then? Oh, okay. That would've been very inconvenient parenting. There's weird parents that do things. Never mind. They're very weird parents. Let's sit. Is that true? Well we're not necessarily nice people, so that'll work out fine. We're not. We don't leave people behind, and that's the deal. Molly, pleasure. Nott. We are at the camp right now. I'm going to nervously pack while this is going on. She does have a fair point, though. We are a little squishy. You're in good company right now. We lost the charm. I just toss 20 gold and I'm like, throw me a cigarette please. I'm not one to interrogate someone's past. Information's information. We could use some help. You could also hire us. 20 gold. Yes, that's how I know you can afford us. (laughter) And we split whatever we find. You pay at the end of the deal. I try not to learn their names. I don't want to get attached. Yes. Don't panic about it, it's going to be fine. I'm all in for this. We have spare horses now. We're half packed already. That's how it's done. There you go. We would have to ditch some. How much can we carry? Are we going to try and pack horse this? Is that how we're--? Or we take the horse and cart at reasonable speed. Or stow it. So we're going to drop a Loaf. Let's leave a marker. If he's going to die, we have to leave a marker so we can come back and find where he's been interred. Poop joke. We squeezed about as much as we can out of that one. It's been a while. I was going to say-- Keg's been on this road before. I have a giant dragon tapestry. You now have a cape, it's huge. I think the full tapestry. You're well disguised as a stoner's bedroom at the moment. A dragon on a sheet. Yeah, the orb, we haven't-- Dodecahedron. I'm more than happy to kill something at this point. I've got some anger and aggression to work out. Welcome to the team. (vomit sound) Oh, for gods' sakes. Oh, for gods' sakes, I'm going to start going through the woods. What time is it? Do we want to head a couple hours or have this unbelievably safe place. What looks like a very safe place, although-- never mind. We're going to-- terrible things are just going to happen. I'm accepting it, this is going to be a cursed trip. Do we want to stay in the haunted house? Well here's the question do we just go until we have to stop and then we camp wherever we're going to camp, or do we find something like this, which is possibly a little safer and then just wake up very early and run and go further? Trust the local. Throw a falcon through the window. Chimney. Or you could go through the chimney or the collapsed roof. We have-- I like her. I'm going to hop in there as well. We always know to look. I also want to see if there's-- does it look like people have been in here recently? Nothing of value. A two. That's not fair. Is there a crest on the fireplace or anything like that? Any markings of who might have lived here at one point? Can I remove the piece? I'm going to take it. Well this obviously brought luck to whoever was here. (quietly) I have a symbol of Pelor. I'll take a torch. Caleb, you want to do a little scan while we're here? See if anything tingles your fancy? Wait. Yes. Bless you. Ah. 14. 14. I'll pull a single sword and guard Caleb. All right. I'm going to try and push Caleb awake and go for a tree. Yeah. Let's go! let's go! And we're going to head for a tree. Oh, yeah. We're getting some distance from whatever. Oh man. The Ass Sailor? Her horse is still there. 16. It's the anti-snitch. I'm going to try something fancy. I'm going to tap my new fancy sword, and I'm going to, like a Pepper's ghost effect, fade out and disappear, and move right into what would be-- get some advantage on the one that Beau's been hitting. I'll use my movement to get right where I need to be. So I have advantage now? I'll take two attacks. All right. First one, a natural one and an 18, yeah, so one hits. Ooh! That's ten damage plus three. Yeah, 13, ten plus three. Next attack. That's a 19. That's nine plus two, so that's 11. Yeah, we have a little clink, and turn and face the other one. Actually, do I have any movement left? I'm going to pull back, and I'm going to get ten feet in front of Caleb, right between Caleb and the insect. No, the other side of that. Right there, to make a wall there. Hey, you might be able to-- oh, you burned your move, though. This is not anything I can try and give them disadvantage on? Dexterity saving throw? Yay! That's a 22! I can live with that. Loo! No! That's the end of Loo. 11. This is your perfect opportunity for "New crossbow, who dis?" (laughter) Woo. It will come in handy with these-- Yeah! Epic combo. It's a fresh one. Circle the tree a couple times, holding onto it. I'm going to run and get into flanking position with this one over here. Thumpety, thumpety. Yep. And now we're going to take a slice at this one. And that's... that'll do it. (counting) 25 to hit. So. (counting) Ten plus four, 14. And again. 19 and a one. Why I love advantage. And that's... 14 points of damage. It's got to be dead by now, right? How is that-- the one that... really? It had! (explosions, screeching) I needed this. And I'm going to hide behind the tree trunk from the other one. Last of my movement. Yeah. It's Street Fighter-style. Beau and Ken. (laughter) Oh! This is cool. Give it time, give it time. Nice patronus, by the way. Too many Beaus. That palette swap's terrible. (laughter) We have oats, they'll come back. If you squeeze and twist, you can make it stand up again and you can make the arms move. Use the ground. This is a dead horse or can it be revived? I'm going to make a medicine check for my horse. My medicine check is nine. Neigh. Water Closet is possibly new pocket jerky at this point. Keg can ride with me, this is not a problem. If you want. You're already taking a good hard look at your decisions. This is good. I'll ride with you then. You get your own horse. I have their armor. Yeah, that'll do it. That's fair. (laughter) Truly nothing escapes your astute observation. Going to go back to that cabin and take a short rest for a minute. It would have been in the sack. Do you want me to go look at the locker? Look at the fancy. Are you feeling lucky, punk? Whoa! I feel like if you give it to me, I'm going to end up dropping it and it's not really going to be that useful. I'm very happy. I say we just camp at the house, at this point. I need rest and we have... Not going to get much further. I say we wake up early. It's going to be dusk in less than an hour. Well... Wherever we happen to find ourselves. It was just tea. We just gave you tea to smoke, it wasn't really... (laughter) I've still got my tent, so, sure. All right. I'll also do first watch. Individual. Natural 20. Oh. Plus... three. 23. There's another... there's another campfire. 200 feet, give or take. Do you want to send a bird, maybe? She's sleeping. I'd say go ahead. I figure if they were meaning us any harm they wouldn't set a fire. We get a long rest. Yeah. Just us. A child? That does have a vibration, doesn't it? I'm not at my best right now. If they're human, even if they're friendly, I'm not the first face you'd want to see. You have a friendly owl. Fine. I start quietly waking. MARISHA, SAM, and I somehow woke everyone at the exact same time. It's one of my many powers. Left hand, right hand, tail. I got it all working at once. We've got a bit of a situation outside. It's going to require some delicacy. Caleb's dead. It's all over. There's a boy, there's an old woman. I'm going to stay 30 feet behind and try and stealth. We have not had a short rest yet, have we? Okay, just checking. That die never does that for me. I'm staying 30 feet back and attempting a stealth check. That's cocked. That's better. That's (counting) 12. One, two, three, four, five-- Five! I'm just walking out at this point. We've lost a few recently. Just woke up and they were gone. We'll see. Well, we're making our way to see if something can be done. I genuinely don't know how to say no to tea. You can't heal a dead horse. Downtrodden. I'm feeling all right, but-- Some people make tea. I'm going to head in. Chamomile. I have cards. We could have played cards. I will definitely take some. They've got turn-down service here. Always. Do you know which way this friend of yours was heading to find them? It was north on the path, I suppose. We'll see what we can do. If it's possible we'll see what we can do. All things being equal. I look at the kid. Is he freaked out by the way I look? Is he--? I'm going to go down and try something. I'm going to try this. I haven't tried this yet. I'm going to hold up the moon card, and I'm going to try and do a sleight of hand trick and flip it to one of my little moon trinkets, moon baubles. It would be the most hilarious natural one-- eight. It's not beautiful yet-- I give him the bauble. I give him a little scratch. The horses? You did very well. You were nearly charming. We're the Three Amigos is really-- Everybody's doing so much better suddenly. It's as if the vacuum means other people have to start pulling some slack. It's nice. Well suddenly you're being kind of charismatic. Nott's making moralistic judgments that are in the direction of reasonable. Some days it's not hard to do a good turn. Cheers. I'd forgotten about that. Been a little distracted. If only there were a tiefling here, who possibly spoke and read the same language. Keep it to yourself. Off-roading. Let's do it. Do we want to go at a steady pace for this last hour, or do we want to push for a fast pace? Natural 19. 21. And you're hangry. Does it look like if we push a little bit further, there's any change in terrain? Even in far distance? Want to do one more hour and call it? Let's send the owl. If we can find a stone for cover, maybe. We'll set up a proper camp. (yelling) We're trying to sleep for gods' sakes! Let's take the next one. Nine. Want to gamble? No, I'm not. This is a game we used to play. Take my cards, set the deck down. Put a question on the deck, whoever draws the highest card has to answer it. Tarot cards but they have numbers. I know. I'll throw one out there for you. What's the best lie you've ever told? I'll give you mine if you give me yours. Whoever gets the highest has to tell. Or whoever gets the lowest has to tell. Let's roll d20's, see whose number is lower. You can be a little vague with it. You don't have to be... I rolled very high. Seventeen, shit. I did. Shite. Best lie I've ever told... I pretended to be royalty for three weeks. For a scam. I was-- Just a little while after I had gotten my consciousness sort of sorted out, and we got into a town and figured out that we could actually get some nice digs and they were seeing if I could maybe bullshit my way through it, and it was kind of my test. So I pretended to be a reincarnated royalty from across the sea. Yeah. (laughing) That was a lot of fun. I like knowing that because it's not there that it doesn't matter? And it helps knowing I don't think it matters for anybody. I don't care where anybody's from, it's nice. I certainly don't care where I'm from. I pour-- I pass the drink. That's usually how this rolls. Politician? No, no I'm very impressed, actually, that's-- you are a good friend to have and a terrible enemy to make. To not quite being the worst people. Cheers. Night. That's very fair. They really had it coming. Cat stats. (musical riff) Cat stats! Squats. That's a deep callback, wow. Ja. I'll take a round. Minus five? Natural 20. 23, minus five is-- Once they get a little closer, let's slow down and walk to the side of the road and take a look at this. What kind of traders do they look like? What are they trading in? No, let's slow our pace. I think we should wait until they start to set up camp. They've got to stop at some point. They're going to have to camp. And a druid. Do you know anything about the cages they keep their prisoners in? Are they magically enchanted or are they just cages? I sort of figured. I figured everyone else figured at this point, really? I do, too. But, you know, people say things. How bad are the terms that you're on with these people? That's fair. We're starting to get a plan. There's no cages, they're magically-- With his very dulcet tones. I have a plan. It's a bit of a crazy plan. They're carrying the means of their own undoing. If we can free whoever is in those cages, we get a lot of allies. Anybody in there I'm sure is going to have feelings towards these people. I like waiting until they camp and coming in at night. If we can just get into that cage and untie them without them noticing. Wait until the sun sets right before they go to sleep. I could be into that. Ambush. Free people. All one big thing. I'm sure they're not used to being attacked by people who actually know what they have. Let's full-speed blow past them, just nod and keep moving. All right. This is a good plan Yeah, it'll be the two of you. You still have your mote, you can use it now. All right, 18. We'll stop when we see somewhere that seems advantageous. If we see something-- Yeah, but we've got night vision. Anything that we were going to do would be near the road anyway. First do we have any dynamite? We have acid. Do we have enough Dispel Magic that we could reveal the cart so we could see it? Yeah, like can you make magic go away? Magic. Have you never seen anybody do this before? Just make magic go away? They're cloaking the cages. You could maybe free the people inside the cages with your magic hand thing that you do. And if their horses die those carts aren't going anywhere. And then they're stuck. If they're out, they're helping us. But if we kill the horses, the cart can't leave. That's fair, too, but they could try and run. They don't drug their prisoners? They don't drug them? One last question. How secure are these carts, or do they just trust that nobody's going to get out of the hog tie? It's cage, cage, cage? It's not wooden bottom, wooden top? It's with bars? There's no weak point? As long as we can pick some locks, untie some ropes. Honestly, once the combat starts, especially if you've got Fireballs, we can just make sure those horses are toast. I could teleport into one of the cages and start untying people. With you at the top of one hill, if we get you some cover, and you at the other hill, if we give you some cover, giving you both some distance, the three of us getting into the middle of it, coming at them at all sides. Always take out the magic users first. And if we can get a few friends in whoever is in those cages, for all we know that's where they've got our people. Is there a way to embed a spell into the ground? Me too. If they try and climb the hills towards either of you, you can have some ball bearings to help slip them back down. I'm going to take the gun. I'm taking the gun. I'm taking the gun. Dex? Okay. Oh yeah, I'm screwed. It's fine, I'm seven. Does it even have anything in it? We know. There's part of me that's wondering if we hid you in the downed tree if you could sneak in and start working on the cages before they even know there's a problem. Between two hills. If we can pick the locks and untie everybody. We don't need to slow the horses. We have a tree. If we want, we have a-- We could put her under the tree. If you find somebody bleeding under a tree, that's not ridiculous. Tree fell, you happened to get hit. Good luck. We could put you on top of the tree if you feel like you want to have some words with these people. I'm all right with that. You guys work on people--I still think opening the cages is going to be a good call. We'll see what happens. I'm all right for this plan. He did move four or five maps into this building today under cover of tarp. I walked in the green room at one point, and it was literally the, "No, Mom! Private time!" It's that weird room with the weird hair salon stuff. Anybody who wants me to shave their head, I'll do it. SAM and Okay. (indecisive sound) It's less of a tree than I was hoping for. Here's your paintbrush. Sculpt. I'm so proud you know what that is. You can also dig a hole right underneath it too so you can hide-- We want to push the tree over, don't we want to give it a good shove? We also have a-- no, we left the axe. Never mind. Yeah. Yeah, you can do that angle-- --you can do that angle so that you can just hit it and know which side it will fall to-- Um, just for-- no, that would be too much. I was about to say, I could make a bullshit trip wire, that when the tree went down, it would tighten a rope. It would pop it. It would be rope on the ground. I don't know if it would hide in that. It might be too obvious. Let's, just for fun, I'm going to have some of our hemp rope already tied around this rock, with just a big mess of it ready to go, so if we need it, we've already got one anchor point. I'll take bush one. Caleb's going to be all the way back there. It gets slowed when it reaches a log. I was going to say, either that or you hid up a rock. Once the first caravan passes the log. Does it just slow, not stop? I think we want to be a little further. Yeah. They'll always be in a line. If the front one is slowed down then they're all going to be slowed through there. And now they're ready for a fight. If you slow the first cart, then the other two behind it are not going to be able to go any faster, either. (metal clanging) And then we can push the tree on the first cart. That'll be fun. The first one, since it's damaged. Or the first one would be more engaged with us. If you're invisible, you could maybe help get everybody out. You wouldn't be able to commit it to memory and then rewrite it later? But it's near-perfect. How long does Invisibility last? Sure, but if you use the scroll once we hear the bells, then we've got an hour. Your trap goes off, your little alarm goes off, Invisibility, then you wouldn't drop Invisibility, that's not concentration. Oh, then fine. I like this plan. It's ridiculous. No. There we are. We're not ranged people. And you can do stuff once Slow's cast, you can also do other things once it's rolling. If things look like they're trouble, we'll just go with it. Go for the druid first? All right. That'll do. We've got a plan. We do set up the tent. Aren't we all? I'm very cold, but yeah, that'll work. I imagine it's a whippet that looks like the Matrix of Leadership from Transformers. (singing) "You got the touch!" Are we really doing this now? Wrong timeline. With advantage, because we had time? 20. Pretty good. Yes. I didn't even really understand how good I had it. I was so used to being okay no matter what, even if I rolled a one. I'm so glad you're first. That's great. 18. What does Slow mean, by the way? Oh my god, that's amazing. That means you can attack and then disengage for free. That's amazing! Can you get a little bit more around the-- or is that all your movement? 21. Is that a bonus action, though? You have to do an action or a bonus action, you can't do both. No dubstep today. No wub wub. I look at Keg and You got that one? Right. I'm going to start my movement. I've got 30 feet of movement. I can get almost to the edge of this mountain, right? That's 30 feet? Then I can teleport how far? Can I get to flanking? Mm-hmm. Is that way more than-- I have a 30 foot teleport, right? Is it possible to do it halfway through my movement so I still have two steps that I can take? No, never mind. Eff it, I'm good. I'm not going to fight it. I'm going to take two attacks. I have advantage. All right. Both are up. Yeah, that's 19. Yeah, that hits. The first one is awful seven points of damage. Second one is 16, 17, yeah, that's 16 plus seven. That's better. 12 points of damage. That was pretty solid. He's going to have a hard time doing that. Disadvantage. Of my Blood Maledict? Let's see. I'm not looking at the right thing. Where is it? Blood Maledict! Yeah, it's 60 feet! Amplified. Yeah, I take a lot of damage for that. Five points of damage. For fuck's sake! 15. God fucking damn it! All right. Did he get disadvantage on the other attack as well? Okay. 16? Okay, so they both hit. The one on the hill. And prone. MATT; Yeah, you're still within the minimum distance, so with disadvantage regardless. That is, with disadvantage, a 13. What's your armor class? Yeah, nope. MATT; Spends 15 feet of movement backing away there, as the boss said. You do get an attack of opportunity if you'd like to take it. Do I still have a second Blood Maledict, by the way, this round? I can spend another round doing it. I know we changed the rules slightly. At fifth level, do I get two uses or just two options? All right. When we get there. You did throw two javelins at an irritating creature, so that's good. It's going to take two turns though, right? MATT; She wasn't affected by Slow. You get an attack of opportunity. Well actually, no. Can you freeze her? She's still between the two of us. She couldn't have circled. 19. 19. Jesus Christ. 20 points? Do you have any more attacks left? Or you could hit them while they're down and help them bleed out. Oh dear. Motherfucker. 25. There's no way to get through-- There's no way I can make it to Lorenzo from here, is there? Not anymore. I'm going to get my ass kicked if I get there. I'm going to try and engage the barbarian before raging happens. God damn it. Fuck it, if you're in with Lorenzo, I'm going for Lorenzo. Ten. I'm going to take three attacks. I do not have advantage, obviously. First attack. Is that cocked or is that okay? Damn it! It was a 20. Now it's a 22. That's (counting) 18 points of damage. Not happy. Swipe number two. That's a ten. Then the other one is a three. That does not hit either. I think I have a second Blood Maledict usage now. I know. I was looking, because I know you changed things, and it says "Blood Maledict "You can invoke a blood curse a number of times per short rest based on your levels. 2nd one, 5th two, "9th three." I'm taking-- hoping this die rolls worse, come on. For fuck's sake! My Blood Maledict literally kills me. Actually, no, fuck, was I going to do it advanced? I was going to do it advanced. My own Blood Maledict knocks me unconscious. I was at four hit points. What was I going to do? Thank you. (spitting) With blood. Eyes never shut. I might need to leave the table for a while. Yeah, I can't watch this.