Oh man. I'm so sorry. That's not true, is it? Why would they do that? Darkest timeline Critical Role. Critical Role darkest timeline. This is a little love to YouTube. Now you've got four days to figure your stuff out. I may have picked from the remains, carrion-like, as well. Big nope. A tab with a conversation of possible rooms for rent later. Nein. Nein will do. N-I-E-N, Nein. Is he, in fact, trim? Just checking if it was an ironic nickname or not. I am watching this from the table. This is the show. Is it a clean shuffle? Nope, I don't see shit. Can I try to perceive this too? 18. That doesn't seem very nice. Follow them outside and rob them? Sorry. We did get rooms. Claudia Sheed? Claudia Sheed. (yelling) Claudia Sheed! Brilliant, thank you. I normally find shouting people's names really loudly tends to bring them to your table. We could look. Have we had food and drink yet? I'm interested either way. So I'm going to stand up and start heading upstairs. Come, Unpleasant One, let's go. I'm going to look for what looks like an office. For whatever door seems most inconvenient. The one on the landing it is. TALIESIN and Friends from out of town. Bryce sent us. From Alfield. We have come from very far to take a look-- Converse. Well, to wrap it up a bit, we've just recently got into town. We're looking for employment, odd jobs. We were recommended to you to be the person to talk to about what actually is going on in this city. We're new to this city, we don't necessarily have our thumb on the pulse of what's going on. We just figured we would make sure that you were aware we were here. We don't want to ruffle any feathers and we don't necessarily know who are the right people, the wrong people to work for. That's very fair. Sounds easy, except it's really not. Grace of the Platinum Dragon. Speaking of tourist looks, how much of a problem would this be in general? Excellent. Is there a shrine to the Dragon, as well? Ixnay on the angers-stray. Eh. We're also always big fans of underbellies, especially if there's an underbelly with a heart of gold. Are there names that, if we hear, we should trust? (whispering) Caleb! That's all right, we just need your cat. I'm tossing Frumpkin in the direction of that. In the basement! I need to know what your cat's seeing. What's the cat seeing? Oh, for fuck's sake. They're making asses of themselves, aren't they? You gave us the basics, though? We were listening to the description of this insanity. Except that they told them their real names. And where they're staying. Groups of people are always idiots. Never trust a group of people. I specifically used to gather people into groups to make them into idiots. It's just what you do. You don't-- That is exactly what I did! It's how I met you. It's why I keep you around. Yes, but we weren't a group of people. We all hated each other. You just told them your real name! I've literally only met one other person named Beau. It was a different Beau. I'm eventually falling asleep, but before that, I'm going to go take a fucking bath. There is a bathhouse. I'm going there. Anyone who wants to come with me is welcome to do so. It's just a walk! Is it going to be open at night? I'm going to go and try and find out. I'm going to and try and find out! I'm just happy with my company. Three. 15. That's not on the way, then. You know, Nott, I notice. I notice the way that you eye things, on occasion. Not right now and that's fine. And I would hate to get in the way of any of your business. Your business is your business and I'm perfectly fine with that. But it's good to remember that there are people who need what they have. There are people who need every bit of what they have. And there are people who would be much happier if they had a little less. Well that's a skill worth developing. That's a skill very much worth developing. If they seem grumpy, or angry, and seem overly concerned with an enormous amount of money that they happen to have, or using it to just be mean or cruel to somebody, that's probably a sign that they'd just be much happier if they just knew exactly who liked them and the only way you could ever really know if someone likes you is if you don't have anything over them. And the easiest way to get to that honesty is if you don't have anything. Oh yes. Unless they're grumpy because they don't have enough. Because if you're hungry, you get very angry. You get so angry when you're hungry! Beau has way too much. So you should probably take some stuff from Beau. That's fair. (laughter) Beau really needs to know who likes her. I'm so excited about a long rest. You're going to get us killed! You're making Tijuana bibles. You're making Tijuana bibles for your religion. Is there going to be nudity and sex in these? Because then it's basically a Tijuana bible. Don't Google Tijuana bible. Oh, I did it before you woke up. Sure. Happily. That would be no problem. Blacksmith's is filthy; we'll go there first. You're welcome to take a look at the job postings if you don't want to take a bath, but I'd highly recommend a bath. Baths are great. Yes. Very fancy. That entirely depends what you think it's worth. Wow. I'm so excited! It's not the first time I've been called-- actually, no, it's not the first time I've been called that, that's fair. It's not Molly, this is me. But not our gold. SAM and Thank you. Why would you want to be famous? No, I have no interest in becoming it, thank you very much. I have most everything I need already. Why would I need more stuff? No! I prefer to keep it on the down-low, personally. I'm going to look right back at him. Do I have something in my teeth? I'm here for making money. This is what happens after you go to meetings, is suddenly you want to be about something. Be careful. I'm well aware. This is entirely for the sake of my mirror. I'm very well aware. I propose a plan. I have a plan for this. I have a plan, we're going to take our scrap and we're going to sell it, so that we have some money. We're going to take the good feelings from that money and we're going to spend it on hot water and inappropriate, friendly nudity. And we're going to have a discussion about what we're doing, with heat, steam, water and a little bit of cash. I just find it's easier to have this conversation when everyone is sitting around naked in hot water. I take five steps and then I go, I don't know where the blacksmith is. Well, if we got there then yeah, probably. Works for me. Why is it called Lodge of the Eclipse? Is there is a taxidermist, is what I think she's asking. Is the board between here and there? The job board. We can do a couple to the Archive, couple to the King's Hall. Just pick it up. Higher than ten. I feel good about everything that just happened. Or the Platinum House. We've got Mr. Memory Board here to scan the thing. Works for me. I believe in you. Stitches get-- eh snitches get stitches. Stitches are just-- SAM AND Snitches get stitches-- wait-- One of the few. It's time for a bath. This is a dark mirror, man. A dark, dark mirror. I've learned one thing in my travels always hit the bathhouse first. Every major town. Oh, happily. Early 90s River Phoenix hair going everywhere of its own volition. I walk out of the changing room and walk by, don't even-- just give a kiss on the head. Took you bloody long enough to find us. I'm, for the record, tattooed a lot. Okay. I apologize that there's no art yet. I'll get around to that. There's a snake tattoo that curls all the way up the arm. That goes all the way up into the peacock-- people have seen the top of the peacock, but the peacock is actually roving into a big floral piece that goes down into a snake that is swallowing the hand. There is an eye in a pyramid piece with another eye illuminated above it. It seems to almost go into the hairline, all the way up the back. There's a moon and sun connected to the shoulder piece that all interconnects. The whole thing's very complicated. It is all upper body, yeah. Except for-- do you actually know what that is? Yeah, no, I don't. Each tattoo has 15 meanings. They paid us 60 gold for three days. I've never made money like this. Word of mouth. You don't need a big, public thing. Three and one dead. It's going to be very hard to search for us if they don't know if it's Nine or Nein. Also, if we're going to get him back, we going to have to have an agreement about the fact that, while there's going to be a certain amount of advertising necessary for this kind of venture, there are many of us-- and I think it's fair to say-- that want to keep things quiet. As quiet as possible. Bless you! My father just threw me right in. That's how I learned. No, that's a terrible idea. It was awful, but here we are. Wow, that brought it back. I don't think they understood that was an invitation. That's exciting. One assumes there's a mist that's just covering everything-- I mean, nudity's going great and all, but this is more about comfortability. Thank you! I don't know what a wheelhouse is, but I feel pretty positive about the metaphor in general. My god, the money. I've never seen anything like it. Three months' worth of shows, like that! And they're so lazy! [whisper inaudibly] I vouch for her, for what it's worth. It means what it means. You run into your friends who are also heading in odd directions. I tend to find it's easier to look into somebody's eyes and figure out if they're lying to you if they're naked and boiling. I like to think you're scratching-- You've got a sword in your hand, for god's sake. I say we take the beast. Again, keep it on the down-low. We'll figure out a way of getting credit and keeping our reputation, but keeping it quiet. MARISHA and God, I hope his name is Harold. I felt demeaned, but in a good way. Yeah, we're up. Then yours was in a locker. It's a really hot hot tub. I'm ready for Monster Hunter. Backflip. Let's find a herald. The maudlin herald. Come on, Nott, it'll be fine. We'll see if we can meet anybody else who you could make feel better about who they are. Esma. Short for Barrymore. Really, oh wow, that's a number. It's a minus two. 700 gold pieces? Just for the entrance, they are aware that there are several of us, we are just representatives of a slightly larger group. Of course, but we can all get entrance from this writ? You need all the names of everybody involved? Well, we're called the Mighty "Nine," aren't we? Well, let's just send seven of us down for now. Oh, really? I've never felt such hatred than this moment. Wow, god damn it. We walk away. Then they're going to send people down there. But then they'll know. As someone who actually has towns that they can't re-enter again for reasons, that we will go into later, over booze-- it's best to keep a clear reputation. We can just run back up. There's a blacksmith who knows. I think the blacksmith will get ten gold for telling them if they find out there was a manticore down there that-- It's an emergency plan. It's a good plan B, I'll grant you that. I'm going to juggle. That was impressive. If that isn't a beer-worthy story, I don't know what is. The Master from Doctor Who. This is the smartest feat you've ever taken. We got to kill that guard. Wet bar. Boom! We're clean, we're relaxed, we're ready to go into a sewer. I do, too. It's time to eat some roast beast. Let's carb up. Hm? Why would you get a room at The Pillow Trove? Oh, that's very clever, actually. Well done. Are you still expecting your package? Sometimes I expect things to show up and then they don't. It can be very disappointing, but it's all right. I'm sure it'll show up. Not that it matters if it doesn't. I didn't expect you to say that. That's very true. I was just waiting for the drop to look at the shoes and you look back and yep, no, those shoes don't get in here. When I was young, we would stack three up and put on a coat.