I brought a copy, actually, I forgot to bring it out onto the table, but I have a copy that we'll probably play. It's got little stand-up trees, and the little creatures are very Miyazaki-looking, and the whole thing's got a very Candyland for goth kids vibe. The dice glow, which I also think is really cool. Calligraphed. You got a participant trophy. Well. We should take a look around, maybe get a sense of this place, since we're going to be here for a while when they fix the ship. I have a few things I'm looking for. We could do that, sure, I guess. She's a Heather. I'll stand. How many of them are true believers? Give or take? I'm terrible at these. 26 Is there anybody who's awkwardly into it, but definitely would probably walk away if they could? Is there anybody who's a little-- That'll do. Shattered Teeth, what's the Shattered Teeth? Did your teeth shatter? Is that a place? Oh. I could fill a book with what I don't know. You didn't even ask him if there's a bookshop nearby. That's two punches taken away. It's like someone ordered a special at an extremely expensive tiki bar. MARISHA and That's why I have my tiki mug today. I'm looking for a blacksmith, actually, as well. Somebody worth their salt, since "worth your salt" is a really nice term. That's great. Worth their salt. Somebody worth their salt. It's worth my salt. Oh, I don't know. I haven't really thought about it at all, now that I think about it. That's a good question. I mean, there's so much salt around, to be fair. It would probably take a lot of salt to be worth something. I mean, you could get it right out of the water. Everything is worth its salt at that point, really. It's a terrible currency. Has anyone been watching me drink? I have been nursing the same cup the entire time and have been fake-sipping it the entire night. I haven't actually had a drop. Whatever they handed me. I've been doing this, to be fair, the entire time we've been together. Not Heather. Make a note. A fisherman? Here's a cube. Have a cube. There's a cube. I'm hoping this is a place where somebody named Rachel Diver may have bought a piece of land or something. I was waiting for him to go, "Bill Murray." Damn! What's Allison been up to? That sounds like a great idea. What should we be looking out for? Is there some sort of natural dangers, unnatural dangers? Oh, that's a bad roll. 11. Outside. I'm going to get some air. Maybe that is better. I went out. I'm standing by the front door, bouncer-like, and trying to get my bearings, take a look around, see what the vibe of this place is. Where are you guys talking? Oh, never mind. I'll have to secure the things-- I'm sitting out front. I'm doing the door. I think I'm doing all right. I'm just contemplating where we're going from here. I am a little more at ease. I've only gotten drunk once in my life. And that was because of Nott. I thought I'd try. It didn't agree with me. Everything hurts and it's violently offensive to the body on every level. That stuff's disgusting. Just awful. Well, it feels polite and not everybody is as understanding as your friends, you know? I just sit in the corner and I listen to everything that I can for as long as I can and it got a little noisy in there and thought I'd get a little air. Oh yeah. This place is dangerous. She's dangerous. I think that's a good idea. And Fjord? You know why everybody's doing this. Why we're all here, right? I think you know it. I just want to point it because that woman, she doesn't care what any of us want. I'm sure she'd be interested, but it's way low on her priorities and I don't trust anybody who puts other people's needs that low on the list, and you should keep mind of that while you're getting in bed with them, so to speak. Nope. What part of the body is the amigos? Okay. Amigos. We share amigos. That's even better. I think I get it. I'm not going to talk out of turn and I trust your intentions, so-- You're asking if I can tell you're conflicted? You'd be amazed, but all right. Sure. I'm so glad you put it that way. You're a good man, Fjord, so be careful, because I imagine it's a little out of character being honest and truthful with somebody in a deceptive way. It can muddle a good man up whereas it doesn't muddle a bad man up. That's one of the reasons why I like you. Here for you, man. I've been learning to swim. Oh, two are mysteriously vanished. I think they were mumbling something about trying to find an alley-- We don't take that long, I think 30 minutes is-- Release. That's where you're supposed to go, god! I love you so much. You give so much. (laughter) I want to take a night walk. The crew should also have some place to sleep. Let's make sure everybody is taken care of. They're having a bad time-- what do you guys want? Mr. Orly, we feel terrible about everything that's going on. We want to make you guys as comfortable as possible through this deeply inconvenient situation we've all found ourselves in. Appreciate your honesty. What would not be an insult-- Like that-- I know that would be an insult-- but what would not be an-- How many kids are here? Without question. That's a good idea. Thank you, kids. We are-- unless something goes tragically wrong-- we expect to be returning, and I imagine you'll hear word if things go tragically wrong. How long do we expect to be gone for? If it's two weeks, the ship is yours. I appreciate that. Hopefully you will not have to play a funeral dirge for us. That's fair. What's a mermaid? How many teeth does a mermaid have--? What is that? Those are both very dangerous. Any idea how long ships have been going down in that region? Thank you for your time, and thank you for your trust. Working on it. Let's take a walk. Let's see what there is to see. I'm excited about this. Yeah. Like a tea-cozy. A sword-cozy. I caught a bit of that, right? Actually, I have to stop really quickly and use the bathroom. There's these little outhouses over in the corner right here that drop straight down into the-- Yeah. It's like the tower bridge. It's the tip of the tiny Tiffany Ship. Which one's Tiffany? 26. Like Orlando. Not everyone's a retired person or a college student. Somebody's got to actually clean that place up. (laughter) I really do. I have plans. (laughter) Deep plans. Amigo. I'm lost. I like marmalade. That was a long walk. That's in an emergency. Why are there two of you here? Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt and then you're two people on a ship and you're involved in things and-- I mean, it's a good emergency plan, but can you only go once? You can't go twice? A few of us were eating apricots at the time. You're very sneaky. I can give you guys enhanced ability, too, for the remains of the evening. You can pick something and both of you, if you want to be better at something for a little while. I wouldn't know how to help with that. It also seems like a lot of commitment, but okay. I can keep an eye on that. Have we seen anything around like another tavern or something maybe a little, I hate to say, more upscale, but cleaner? Something with less piles of shit behind it? Yes. Three rooms. I don't know, actually I'm following it actually for the first time this entire-- You'll be a good go between. If we hear something bad, we can get an owl to ship, if you hear something, then-- No. No, I don't think we-- We don't need to actually know what's going on in there. Why does anybody need to know that? Well, I think the thing to do here, I mean, it just makes sense, is that if you leave the room for any reason, we send Frumpkin to the ship. They see Frumpkin, they know it's time to-- That's the signal. I'm staying downstairs to wait for you to either come down or for her to leave. I'm going to sit and probably try and find something non-alcoholic to drink so I don't have to be an idiot. Upstairs. Let me see, yeah. I think Yasha is probably either with you-- She's either with you or with us, I imagine. How's a dex bonus go for you? How's an advantage on dex, or do you already have-- Less that could possibly go wrong, so before they go in, I'm going to cast Enhance Ability on these two. At a level three, so I get two people. That's fair. All right. It also will give you zero damage for a 20-foot fall, if I give you a dex bonus. But-- You have Feather Fall. So you want charisma. That's not helpful. Charisma. Unless you make a decision in the next 30 seconds. Cool. And you're getting wisdom. You have advantage on wisdom, you have advantage on charisma. Then right before you go in, I'm going to give you guys both a resistance bump before we push them through the door. Just in case you need it. For one minute, they can add a d4 to a saving throw. Is it just a general d4 bonus? A cantrip. You touch one willing creature once before the spell ends. The target can roll a d4 and add the number to its roll. Oh, you're right, absolutely, never mind then. Not a big deal. Thank you. I'm getting used to this concentration. Does Nott's cloak unattune if they take it off? You still have-- We're bad at everything. Oh no. Oh no. I think I'm going to join in really quickly. Is everything all right? You guys need anything? I've been sober all evening so I'm happy to help. Who got stabbed? Waldok got stabbed? But Waldok's so nice! Who would stab Waldock? That's terrible! Where did you hear this from? Where did this come down from? Oh, he seems okay, I guess. Come here, we're going to patch you right up. C'mon. I'll take care of this. Everybody come on, let's do this. Yeah, how bad is it? Okay, I'm going to give him a level two Cure Wounds to get him going. That'd ought to heal him, right? All right, let's do a level two. Let's see what that looks like. That's 2d8. Don't know why I'm being so fuddy-duddy about this. Do I get a specialty-- no, it's only when I'm healing myself. Okay, 18. Okay, you're going to want to sit down. Take it easy for a while. I wouldn't get up for like a good half hour. Be very gentle on yourself. Why don't we get this man a drink? Why don't you get that man a drink? Someone was eating gems in bed. That's loud. Okay. All right. Sure! Just a purple tiefling. You have advantage. I've never seen your eyes glaze over like that Matt. How's that charisma bonus working out for you? I'm wet and upset! Why did you do that?! He's walking. She's swimming. Unless you'd have taken that dex bonus, and then nothing would have happened at all! But you didn't. You're both wet. Talking to the guy. We're bonding, man. These guys are pretty okay once you get to know them. Weird night. Well, everything's not quiet on this end. One of our kids apparently got stabbed by-- Well, one of the crew stabbed the other crew. I can't imagine why that happened. There's been no word, but I assume it's just probably pandemonium all over. Everyone's pretty happy, though. You should come down and have a drink with everybody. I hope someone has followed this right back to the inn, so that's good. I'll tell you what. Obviously whatever went down-- we're going to just go make sure everything's copacetic back at the boat. We'll be back in just a couple minutes. Just going to make sure everything-- Yeah. We'll let you know. I'll walk brazenly down to the ship with you. We'll go check it out anyway. I'm going down. Do I see a commotion from here? Nothing crazy going on on our ship? I don't see some figures or anything? Really? I would never. Well, that's fine because even with a-- (counting) 22 with disadvantage. (laughter) I might see if there's a torch-bearer walking around really quickly. Excuse me, sir. We had a little trouble on our ship earlier. I was curious if everything was all right. I heard a little commotion. Well, if I wanted to find out what went down do you know who I would talk to? I'll be right back. I'm going to go find a guard and ask them what's up. I just want to find out what was up from somebody. Really? Does he need healing? I can do that, or otherwise. Yeah, I'll take care of it real quick. Oh in that case, Healing Word, level three. Make a medicine check? Yeah, that'll do, that's a 23. I love this character so much. It's all right. There you go. Let's give him a Cure Wounds level three just to-- Or, what does he look like, a level two or a level three to you? A level two should be sufficient. All right. Let's just take care of this. Can you tell me what happened, son? 21. While you were up the crow's nest, what happened? It looks fine up there. What did you-- what was the last 24 hours for you? What did you? I mean like, I don't-- oh, no. (sighs) I may have left some of the fruit that we picked up in our last stop in the kitchen. I don't know what you've been eating for the last-- that's maybe my fault. I really hope it isn't, but-- Seven. I'm going to be worried-- I'm going to check to make sure I've got all this, just in case, because that sounds awfully familiar. Do you need a drink? Come on. We're going to bring you back, it's okay. Poor guy. Come on. I'm bringing back-- I'm going to just sort of-- yeah. Bring him back, and then tell everybody. I'm definitely going to tell everyone my fruit theory, because I'm down a fruit. I'm tired. He's very stern for Charlie Adler. Don't you have a spell you can cast that solves this problem? If you just bring everything out really quickly, I'll cast Detect Magic on there. I'll cast Detect Magic in the meantime. Nah, he's fine. Oh, wow. We're literally looking at them right now, and I Detected Magic before we opened the boxes. That one's got a little bit of tingle to it. I'd be worried about that one. Why don't you take a look at that really quickly? That book's not worth its circle of salt. Perception check. Insight check. I'm pretty low, so what do you got? 13. What was the necklace, while we're here? Well. Really, what's the necklace before we go any further to make sure it's not a come-find-my-shit? Is there any part in the book that is actually a cipher for its own. Okay. It would be amazing if you pulled this off. But not this one. Take a second to identify the necklace so we don't get-- Yeah. Here's the thing are we going to remove the mention of you from the book? There's no way of inferring within the book-- But it doesn't connect the newcomers to the new chosen. One could not infer that the new chosen was part of the newcomers from the way she wrote it or no? Is it separated thoughts? All right. Worst-case scenario is we could mend a page and it will remove the ink if we want to delete anything. It's very helpful. That might be either-- In the best case scenario, I would say if we could hide this is someone else's room underneath their bed. I would love for these to be in somebody else's room. It's still going to be findable to anybody who's looking for it, though. I would really recommend putting it, I don't know, somewhere where we don't mind it being very specifically found, especially if we're trying to-- Well, I hate to put it that way, but uh, I don't know. This seems-- That doesn't matter. It's still in her room. We have to make sure that you survive long enough to get it there. I mean, I wish you'd just grabbed the book. That would make life more easy. Yeah, we do. We still need to prove the book. That's too much. I feel like we can take the book to him. I think if we say that we knew about the plot, we suspected, and were looking for proof-- We have a copy of the contents of the book. I think he'd kill both of them. I think sending it with-- Just sending it to him and just giving it to him-- I would almost say, if we could give him the whole kit and kaboodle, everything that was stolen, top to bottom, with a note saying this is the full-- I say translate the one page, give the cipher so that they can figure it out on their own. Let's give the whole thing to him, just all the jewels, all the box, the whole thing top to bottom. We'll be fine. Then we can take our boat. Let's let them make any insinuations they want. The crew will fall the way they will. Again, I think giving too much is too much. The guy's itching for a reason to get rid of her. Let's give him what he wants. No conditions, no terms. Nothing. In the safe, maybe. We're not going to translate the whole book, just one page. Well, how is she going to get the book back? Does that make sense? He's making the cipher. Let's rip a few pages out. No. I'm going to my room. It'll wake us up, though. Oh, new spells. I thought-- Okay, we're-- Okay, new plan. Sure. It's in the safe. That's not true. Everything comes out? What's going on, man? Hey. Good morning. I'll go get dressed. I'll grab my stuff. How long does that take? The whole thing. Pop out of the room that-- Oof. Yeah, it was no problem. Well, it looked-- That leg was pretty rough. Hmm. I can-- No. I can find creatures. I can't find objects. It can only go better. We have video, man. I didn't do it.