Wow. Big Helper. We've been really trying to talk to the glove. That was smooth. Well, there you go. Could be anything! There might be a surprise. If there is, tell us! Do we want to raid the adult bookstore one more time? Just kidding. You're just going to make a sloshing sound when you walk for a while. I am all for that. You think you got it? All right. Mr. Caleb-- What are you playing with over there? Seemed really intent on whatever it was. It's too late, I'm already ready for it. All right. Gotcha. Hey, Miss Jester? Apparently you picked something up in Zadash-- I'm supposed to see the thingy in your bag? I don't know. Caleb was being very shifty about it. I'd like to see any questionable thing you may have. What is that? Is that even natural? What is this thing? I'm going to meditate into the box. Too soon. Does this place make me feel a little uncomfortable? Okay. All right. Huh. I think I have a passenger, and that's interesting. I did. It was. He is. It is. I'm trying to not make assumptions. Good to know. I'll keep-- mum's the word. Huh. I wouldn't know, but-- You should probably experience this, it's interesting. Tomorrow. Magic domes. I wasn't going to say it. Yeah, I remember that. It's a very good bathtub, it's got claw feet. I appreciate that. Do I know what a gnoll is? 11. Irregular gnolls. Irregular ones. I'm new. Caduceus. Caduceus Clay. Pleasure. You're a lot shorter than the last one they-- Introduced me to. Yeah, I've noticed everybody else is very short. It's fascinating. Pleasure to make your acquaintance. This is a place where you did good. That's nice. I don't know, everywhere that I've been with you so far, people seem to be really happy to see you. It's a sign, in my opinion. Pick one. Reminding everyone that we have all seen each other naked. Oh, lord. I'm feeling very prideful at the moment. Thank you. This sounds exciting. (laughter) All right. Yeah, it'll be fun. Yeah. I don't think I've done this before. Oh, yeah, no, you just got to ask permission before you do anything. Oh yeah. I ask permission to any animal I interact with, anything I eat, and it's always a conversation. Yeah. I say we're going to be-- Well, I explain to the horse that we're going to be moving south and I'd really appreciate their cooperation in the process, and how long we expect to be going for. Yeah. I mean, can you do it without-- Can you talk without talking, is that a thing you can do? I can hear you, but your lips aren't moving. This is-- nope, it's not working for me. Nope. Probably take ten minutes actually trying to do that before we get going. Yeah. Manners will get you everywhere. That's some black magic right there. That's really impressive, and you sound like a kid that fell down the well when you're doing that. I'll take first watch. All right. Yeah, nothing gets by me, unless I-- Well, no, that's a natural 20. Oh, yeah, you're just pointing at things. Got it, got it. Yep, got that. Yep, oh, got that. Got that, yep. Where? Yeah. It's tundra, except for my little patch. Fair play. That doesn't look right. That. Now, if I were inclined to be a trap or an ambush of some kind, or-- Those rocks shouldn't be that way, that's all I'm saying. It's giving me the bad feelings. The rocks? I mean, I'm okay if you are. Never had a rock really hit back. This looks a little weird to me. It's my mime. I'm going to use "Thaumagurgy" to cast my voice very loudly behind the other side of the rocks. Thaumaturgy, it just got stuck in there. Thauma-gurgy! I want to use my Thauma-gerchy. Oh, so I can't throw my voice, then. Hang on a second, I can do tremors in the ground. So I'm going to start tremoring the ground right over by those rocks. The rocks look a little weird, I don't know. It means the rocks look weird. They're giving me a bad feeling. I don't have a lot of bad feelings. All right. Maybe. It's an awfully suspicious trail marker. If it was a trail marker, you usually stack three stones, make it look very intentional. Have you ever seen a painting where someone tries to paint stars, but the stars don't look right, because they're the wrong kind of random? That's the wrong kind of random. The random nature makes and the random that man makes. All right, let's go take a look, then. That makes me a little sad, on a fundamental level. No left, right, left, right, ugh! We're keeping an eye out for anything else happening. 21. Yeah, I'm feeling good. Oh, thank you. 23. That looks like somebody on the run. I'm going to change my appearance. To a grungy human with shaggy hair. A long orange goatee, a puffy red beard, and scruffy long red hair. Human Tasmanian Devil. We look related, then? We do okay. That's obscene. Barter it at the very least. He was responsible for the circus, that's all, he just took responsibility. I would love to have an insight check, insight check from Caduceus. I want to know what's going on in there. That's a (counting) 27. I'm rolling real well today. Rolling high. I can do this, if you like. SAM and I don't have to know. It's more than a thank you. I feel that you have to be free, so that you can finally pay your debt. No, this is you hiding from your debt. You're a man who is afraid of what you owe. I understand. That's okay. It'll feel so much better when you're finally free from this belief. This is not your debt. Your debt lies elsewhere. I know these things. It'll be your last one in here. No. I just know a guilty man when I see one. He doesn't want to leave. He's not even happy, he's hiding in here. It's not that he feels unsafe, you can just see-- it's all over his face. You can tell a lot from people just by looking at them. That's an entire conversation for later. In a terrible crash. With a man named Buick (laughter) I want to see-- I think this is a man who needs to be free so that he can be at peace with himself. Why would you not want to-- why would you want to be in a cell? Why would you want to stay there? Someone's offering you freedom for nothing. He's putting on-- there's so much there. He's hiding something. I just know-- I just-- I will throw some money at this. Would there be a buyout cost, if we wanted to pay it? Is that just the straight-- or could there be some sort of deal? Yeah. Weirdly-- and I dont know, you've spent more time with him-- but he strikes me as a man who's, weirdly, happier in jail right now than he'd be out of it. I think he needs to face some stuff. It would be really healthy for everyone involved. That's 12. I'll put 400 gold down right now. There's no generosity in this. We're at 14, we need three more. Interpretive dance. I gave you four. 400. I think it was 400, yeah. I already knocked it off. Thank you, Nott. A word of advice. Whatever was keeping you in this cell, whatever was making you comfortable in here, be careful of it. There's something inside you that's trying to put you in a box. Whatever guilt you're feeling, whatever thing that you feel that you're to blame for, I would unload that burden. If not on us, on somebody, although we're happy to take it. Intimidation is fine. I was trying to be kind of nice. Seven. He's very sad. I see funny rocks, I see funny people, and this is not sitting right, there's something unnatural about the build. I would like to make a dexterity check to see if I catch it? If that's okay? 12. Appreciate that, that's nice of you. I told you why. I told him why. Because it's not healthy to sit there and just hide from your problems. Is it? LIAM and How much money was it? Yeah, how much is that? Seems fair. How much money was that amount? 65, thank you. I mean, what's the point of having gold if you're not using it for something? I mean, otherwise it's just something that's making it heavier to walk. Sounds odd, but all right. Worth it! Fucking worth it! I'm feeling it. I'm feeling the vibe the vibe was that it was worth it. That was, by the way, the best whisper I've ever had. I'm not telling them at all what you said, but that was amazing! That was deep. I'm happy to take it. This was definitely my instigation, so I should bear the brunt of it. That was weird. I do my meditation. Wow. What does the other side of failure look like? Just the horse butt on the top. Natural one. (whispers) Their families must know pain. I'm really enjoying this. I get to see this wonderful countryside. Sure. 19. Again with advantage? All right. Natural 20. Rocking it today. 28. Mr. Fjord, what do you think of that? Do you recognize those uniforms? Are we okay with these people or should we-- Fair. Is there a way to turn off the effect? There's got to be a way to turn off the enchantment, maybe. I'm probably not the person the make an arcana check for this, but here we go. Nope. That is a natural one. Which gives me a zero. What? Oh yeah. That's-- What? It may not come back is the thought. Yeah, actually, I was going to say, you haven't done it yet. I think that-- I did. May I? There's actually nothing on the cart. This is a preventative measure against theft. You can feel free to inspect the cart yourself, if you like. Ten. It's kind of neat, right? We look forward to seeing you on our return. Oh, I figure we're not difficult faces to remember. You too. (laughs) Mm-hmm. No advantage. That's a 27. I am rocking today. I know Common, Elvish, Giant, Sylvan. There's giants up ahead. LIAM and Shh. All right. Do I know where the voice came from? Okay. All right. It's about 30 feet away? All right. I think he's planning on ambushing us. I'm going to cast-- Just one I can see, although he's talking to someone-- I'm going to cast Calm Emotions over there just to see what that does. It's a 20-foot bomb in all that section I can't see. Against 16. What are they wearing? I'm just going to calmly keep moving the cart by them, and I'm just going to wave back and say, "That's some great leather you're wearing there. You look great." They also don't see any of you. They just see me and whoever's sitting up front right now. Yeah, please, bring it. I feel bad that we didn't get to-- I feel like-- if you worked so hard on a map, I was feeling a little guilty. I am enjoying this character so much. I'm so tall. All right. I think it was just me at this point. Yeah, because you guys can see this whole thing. Isn't he? Isn't he pretty? I can understand this, too, and I'm going to chime in a bit. I think it's really unfair you're just putting this all on him. I think you really-- you've got to chill out a bit. I mean, you seem like a nice guy. You're really listening to this? God. I'm also, still very gently, still moving forward. You guys have got issues, man. Language! Come on! Yeah, man. Who doesn't speak Giant? That's just rude. I don't think you're dumb. And I'm just still going. (giggles) Bless you. Wizards, man! Stay all right, my friend. You stay all right. Don't let anybody tell you what you can't do. It's not a concentration, by the way. Calm Emotions for me is not. Doesn't-- is not a concentration. No. Yes, it is! You're right, never mind. I don't know how to read spells yet. Yeah. So, you know, we've been rolling. Yeah, we're going. And now I'm booking. MARISHA and Boom, motherfuckers! And you have to turn the little marquee again. We'd better run. I tell the horses, we're going fast. Animal handling? 21. The jig is up! There we go. You can hold. 17? Or 16. Was it 16? You're on your own. And we're moving at speed. Is this the same day as we disguised ourselves, or have we had a sleep? From the jewels? Okay, so yeah, you're fine. I'm trying to figure out that thing that I can do where I can make someone vulnerable to terrible things. Yeah, I'm trying to find it. Ah, Path of the Grave. I'm too far away. It's 30 feet. All right, so I can't quite do that yet. That's really frustrating. So I'm just going to do what I can do from this distance, which is Sacred Flame, I suppose. I always take the left. No, on my left. That one, yeah. Dex save. That's my action. Yeah, that's all I got. That's a shame, it was a good roll. I know, we are so done. First thing I'm going to do is I'm going to tap my staff and say, "Time to get out, "children." I'm going to bring a little nest of creatures right on the back of his business right there. Well, they get everywhere. It's a swarm. What is the attack for that, by the way? I think I might have that here, hold on, where is it? It's been acting a little weird. It doesn't give me the attack stuff for it, because it's not linked to it properly. Thank you, sorry. Ten. I'm going to need a little bit more. I turn to one of the beetles and, "Make him feel this," and have the beetle bite me and then swarms and attacks him. I'm casting Bane. Yeah, because the beetle brings my blood. I have to spill blood for this. It only can hit the one. Fucker! Oh yeah, we're doing good. That's okay, I'm just going to spend a spell slot. That's what I got. The horses know who our friends are. I don't suppose the other swarms get an attack of opportunity? So he doesn't get to move, does he? From this position, you can clearly see how this one would reach. (laughter) Whoa. I love it when a line-up like that happens. I'm going to be stopping the carts. This guy's going to be trashed. Am I within 60 feet of the guy on the ground? The one that's far away. There's no way I can get within 60 feet of him. I'm going to tell the horses to whoa. I'm going to tell the horses to whoa. I'm going to tell my beetles to keep munching on that guy who's on the ground. I'm going to hold my-- I'm so sorry, this is a new spell I'm learning. Stop, there we go. I'm going to hold Channel Divinity until the one on the ground's within 30 feet of me. I'm going to whoa the horses and hold Channel Divinity until there's a creature within 30 feet. I'm also going to move to the front of the cart too, so I'm right there next to everybody. Yeah. We're all-- Yeah. I'm going to cast Cure Wounds on Caleb as he's walking by in this state. Also, I'm going to go over and cast Decompose on that one that's-- See what pops out. I'm going to take a handful and give it a smell. (sniff) Mmm. Look at that, he's useful now. That's good; that's so good. Ah! I'm going to go get back on the cart. Oh man. Dig your fingers into it. Goat meat's great. There's a lot of medieval cooking that would want the meat to get a little gamy, I'm just saying. Sometimes it improves the flavor. Thank you. Let's try a new die. Oh, that's not bad. That's a 17. It'll do. I got to see this, I'm getting up. I am so excited for a show. Well, you're going to probably get rustled a bit, but I'm sure they'll let you in eventually. Perhaps there is something else. Hit her with a Sleep spell. They're bastards, those birds. You can make him a little mask and then he'd be the Crimson Weasel. Taliesin and Caduceus have very conflicting feelings right now. I've never been so disappointed to have rolled a vegetarian character in my entire life. You guys all right? Is this all on the level? I'm just going to check with the animals that everything is copacetic. 12. I mean, I asked them. Yeah, no, I just asked them. Do the animals seem like they're cool with this too? I was talking to the animals That's all right. They're not freaking out at me? Sure. All right. I feel that. I'm so glad that this is happening. This is going to make a giant alligator so happy. Weasel. Got a tattoo on his left wing. Just Icarus tattooed on his wing. Good luck to you. Oh, you got goldfished. As soon as one of these animals runs away, we'll actually be nine of us. That's really exciting. I mean, the name of the group is kind of a thing. You know, I don't know. (laughter) Four. A very special episode. Yeah, that's not doing it.