You're giving people a peek behind the curtain right now. I know, fair. Thank you, next. Sure. I'll go for my standard shaggy red-headed mess. Who are you? My god, what happened to Beau? Baller move. I've had a thing I've been wanting to do for a while, and I figure now is possibly the time to take care of this. I want to find a blacksmith. Well, it's not often that I have a pet project. I haven't had one in a while, and that was the way I used to keep myself excited and busy back when I was home, so I've got a pet project. It's been a while. I pull out the broken sword hilt that I have. I'd love to see about getting this fixed, maybe, as a token of appreciation for Mr. Fjord for doing such a good job taking care of himself on his own quest and not getting sidelined into some bad thoughts. I also don't know how to find a blacksmith. Metal box? I don't know, I've never had a metal box before. What do you do with it? Oh, we're getting so afar. You just mimed a metal box. That's amazing. You're very talented. There's a joke in there. If the people looking for a bookstore find a blacksmith, they can send a little Message, and if the people looking for a blacksmith find a bookshop, I assume we should buy everything we see. Yes. I was looking to have a sword repaired, a very unusual sword. Uthudurnian? No, that's good to know. Would you know of anyone who could point us in the right direction or would we have to probably venture that direction? North of the Empire? Well, now. That's barely two-and-a-half, three feet. I mean, what's the scale on that? It's like one-half scale, double? Wow! We may be sitting on this for a little while. That's good to know, thank you, friend. Thank you, here's a couple coin for your trouble, anyway. I throw three gold at him. You would call that the Beau bo. Would be Beau's bo. You could put a bow on the bo. On Beau's bo. You too, as well. That's interesting. We have to take care of that at some point. Great Nicodranas Bake Off. We'll meet you there and maybe talk about tomorrow's thing. I think we're probably going to want to take a look at that tower while we're in town. I said it anyway. (laughter) I'm so excited for our next campaign. You've already created a backstory for your next character. Little boy with a knife. He flew the coop. That was bad. I don't feel good about that. Yeah, no, if we're all here. Two rooms ought to cover it for us. How long are we going to be-- maybe just a couple nights, maybe, at best. There's a few things we should do in town before we head-- I would definitely prefer to wait as well. I'm a fan of taking a minute to take a look around and have a plan. Probably not. Probably it wore off. If anything, you're mocking her. Anything interesting on the wall? Just for fun, Detect Magic. Anything sparkly? That's fair. Anything behind the counter look particularly interesting? Yeah, I mean-- As long as I can-- I'm not going to break a rule or anything, but yeah. All right. I'll chip in for this, yeah. I mean, we should distribute them to other people. I'll chip in for-- how many do we have now? Three basic healing potions. I'll chip in for one. Miss Sheila, I had a question. I was curious about any magical items you might have for sale. I got a vibe that you might have something here that might be interesting. Do you have anything that's not for sale, that's just for show? Is that a yes or no on the-- What is casing? That's nonsense, we're very likeable. Is there something in your eyes? Do you have a problem, I can-- This is why you did the talking. Have a nice day. Finally calmed down, everything's fine. This is a holdup! Empty your wallets! I don't even... (laughter) Am I there? I was trying to remember if we'd split for the two-- I do have a magic tree. I drop it on the ground and a 60-foot tree immediately appears. Yep. It's a five foot thick, tall tree. While he does that, I'm going to just walk the tower with my hand on the tower and see if I feel any change at all. We were hoping to make an appointment with-- Is it possible to maybe move that up into a very quick emergency meeting? We have to leave town and will not back for quite a while. It's time sensitive. I have genuine questions for this person. For the things I want? Okay, I'm boasting a little. Deception, right? All right, that's fair. Eight? Does the Blooming Grove mean anything? With an axe in your hand going, "Who are you?!" To be fair, you probably haven't had meat in quite a while because I haven't been cooking it. Yep. Really. Yep. I don't know, I liked it. Ride it. I approve of this. This is great. I think also, since you seem to be leaning towards honesty, I'm always a big fan of honesty being the best way to approach these. Or as much of the truth as is possible at any moment. I'm always happier to omit than lie if we have to. Lying's weird. Huh. I don't know what that means, but I agree. Too much has been happening here. Potion I bought is for Caleb, so Caleb gets the healing potion. We're going to the tower tomorrow. I have some legitimate questions about things that I am curious about, and we do actually own some objects that maybe we should have a learned man take a look at. Mine is. Yeah. There seems to be a lot of weird things happening. You can be a lot lower. We were hoping for an audience if you have time this morning? We came by yesterday, and we were told it might be best to come back in the morning. We brought tea. Yes, he said to come back in the morning. We don't have Earl Grey, I don't think. We don't. I'm a fine tea-maker. We feel a bit exposed, I would admit. Mr. Deep Lore. I'm going to pull a pouch of my better tea and... I'm not really sure what to do with it. Have you ever heard of The Blooming Grove? This tea is made from a flower that only grows there in the north, from one of the original families. It's very rare. You're making a big assumption that word can leave. SAM and Let's not. It's either probably you or me, I suppose. I don't know. Let's get all the things we might want to show him together really quickly. I want the dodecahedron. We'll talk about it. We have the-- Do you trust me? Okay, you keep it, but-- Yes, please. Yes, please. And I may, with your permission, mention what we have? Thank you. Only if it leads to something better. Try and be good. I feel like between Beau and I, we cover everything very well. No. I don't need it. No, we're going in. Brewed or unbrewed? Just ready to be brewed? I'm going to check to see if there's tea brewed, and if there isn't, I'll brew tea. I will brew some tea. The tea is indeed ready. Stick to what we know, for now. Thank you. I'll leave some extra for later. That family was one of the first four-- I think it may have been the Graves, actually, which is ironic, the more I think about it. Each tea is made mystically from a family that is buried within our graveyard. I didn't. I was told-- There are a lot of strange things all happening in congruence. Start with the least interesting and work your way up, I suppose. I actually have it, if I recall, I grabbed it from you. I'm going to put it on the table. Odd. Things keep stumbling upon us. Things that should not be... Things are becoming misplaced that should not be misplaced. I feel like that fact that we have this means that a powerful magic user is no longer available. People of great power going missing and getting attacked. The tower. All these things. Apparently, if I recall, is no longer with us now. There's more. I'm going to show the sword, just because this is odd. And there was also-- The grove is dying. I don't know. Perhaps. I asked the Wildmother for guidance and it brought me to this. That certainly sparks my interest. Yes. Do you know anything of its sister temples? Of whether they hold or not? If... There is no reason for this magic to be diminishing. It's very odd. Why would it be diminishing? That would be odd in itself. The last thing-- Well I don't know. I'm not going to say it because you're the smart one, but I think perhaps it is worth mentioning the thing you saw when the tower fell, the thing that was being ferretted, the thing you saw. I don't know how to best describe it. I think that would be a longer conversation for when you have time if you feel like investing in what we're doing and how we're moving about the world. We need people who are better than ourselves. To the Wildmother. She has allegiances to us. As I've spent some time with these people, they are people of the world, but I've found Ms. Beau and the rest of them to be loyal to each other, which I find to be a very admirable trait. Ms. Beau is not as used to speaking plainly as some of us are. It's okay. One of your better attributes is your ability to talk around something. We need friends. We need assurances. We would like to know that you are a good and trustworthy person and we would, respectfully, like to trade, perhaps, some information and have a friendly face on the coast we would be most grateful for. Yes. The others do not know, I believe, how things may change soon and I think it would be good. And I think they're going to turn well. I think they're going to turn out very well, but I think it would be good to have the right people in the corner when it is time. Information, for the moment. About the things in our possession, powers that we are tapping into, the people we may come across. Our host is aware of our positions and otherwise. I would ask that everyone try and be respectful of the space. Try not to break anything, steal anything, or otherwise. Try not to. I stood up and waved everybody in. Oh! And I'm Caduceus. Again, it's a pleasure. I would ask, just so that it doesn't get me into trouble with my compatriots that I convinced that honesty and forthrightness was the best policy-- I was hoping for, perhaps, a trade so that they felt that they got something back in return. It doesn't have to, obviously, be so dangerous. If you have something that at least they can feel like they can hold something in the meantime. I'm, by the way, already putting the ball on the table and leaving it by the tea tray as we have this discussion. I have definitely moved it to the center of the room. We can let you know what we saw inside. Did we ever get confirmation on the owner's death or did we not? That we-- I think we feel also would be something that we would be interested in doing once we feel even more comfortable with this arrangement, and once trust is built. Obviously, you are so much more powerful than we are that it would behoove us to be a little careful. I mean, really, he probably could. I have a-- Would it be possible to get an assurance that we could leave this place with it and that no harm would come to us? It does. I'm willing to take a certain person at their word. No matter what. Also, we would appreciate it if you would not speak of who owns this artifact with anyone. If you have to discuss the artifact, that's one thing, but we would prefer us to be anonymous. It's a dangerous world. And it would show great trust. Bring more the next time I go home, if there's a home to go to. It's time to trust somebody. It's the iron safe, and then-- yeah. I got Banishment on hold, just in case. That's very good to know. I hope that, now that you understand how much we appreciate your gesture of trust, and how much-- Jester of trust. And how much we are putting our faith that you are on the side of good and right, if-- That'll do. We would appreciate any information that you may glean about this, Uk'otoa, Traveler, the Blooming Grove. I am of the belief that these things are connected, that these chaotic forces are moving towards something unsettling and unbalancing. I saved you a biscuit. A lobster biscuit? That a thing? Lobster biscuit is a thing? He said we were foolish. He said we were foolish. I don't believe you. It's true. We are lucky we're not dead. But we are also lucky that, going forward, we're going to get you access to learn more and to grow in an avenue you didn't have open to you before. I think he's going to be a-- if he isn't the death of us, I think he's going to be a good ally. But something's going to be the death of us and it's better just to trust a few people. We didn't bullshit. I will actually-- I watched Beau tell the truth. It was very impressive. You're not very good at it, but it was very impressive. Yeah, I could tell you were struggling. You were honest without oversharing. We're going to need a day to get ourselves together anyway. We don't have-- we're going to have to put everything together. So why don't you just-- Why don't you just spend some time with your family and we'll get the cart together and get the supplies together-- Set off. You made a good call. Oh that's-- No. Yeah, that's the-- Okay. Why are you saying hyah? Yeah, I've got them right here, but-- Roll for initiative. Well, it ought to be on a day that-- You should use the mote. No. This is the invisible cart, but we told them how it worked last time. And we'll do the same thing this time. Oh yeah. It's to ward off bandits, makes it a little easier to-- Feel free though, it's just an illusion on the cart. On a fast one, I want to take a moment on the first night, also, to let Fjord know. I just want to let you know that, while we're on the sea, I had a talk with my goddess and that friend of yours is still out there. Yeah, that old friend of yours that you haven't seen in a while. What's his name? Yeah, that's the one. I asked the Wildmother. I feel like I would be speaking to things I didn't necessarily know about. I don't entirely know the Traveler, nor entirely understand what the Traveler is, but I know the Wildmother. Yeah. "Making amends," whatever that means. One way or another. It's a very particular flavor of goodness that come from those who are offered so much temptation. I have some faith in you. Back to the horses. What? Oh god. This is everything I liked about both those characters happening all at once. It was amazing, just amazing. Is Gustav still in the town, or has he left town? Just out of idle curiosity. Just while we're there. Mm-hmm. 14. That'll do. Greatest show on Earth. Cool. They stole whatever it was they were trying to steal, I guess. Hi, by the way. Good to see you again. Actually, would a letter of good note get us any further in case we run into anybody? I don't know. It's worth asking, I suppose. Be safe. Hyah. Let's go, guys. The horses are going to go if I ask them to-- Yeah? Thank you! Aww, that's so nice. Aww, that's so exciting! Wow! It never even occurred to me that you get a book about cooking. That's so great. Yeah, the illustrations are amazing. Yeah. Oh, this is cool. Aww, thank you. I'm going to do my best to make it through this mushroom cookbook. I've often wondered. I'll human up for a second. You've got a lot of reading to do this weekend. Fuck, man. Percy's in my head dissecting that title so hard right now. I can't, though. I don't know. As long as you're in the back, they can't see. We're moving on anyway. I'm going to do a general look around to see if I can get a sign of life coming from anywhere in the rubble. Lighting it up in here. Huh. You know what that makes me think of? I mean, that seems-- that's weird. I figured you would know because I'm guessing. Well, what's your opinion? That's way better than mine. Never mind. I was thinking that maybe there was an invisible person tied to the chair. I really appreciate that. I was a little spooked. You're tearing me apart. No hidden ones, nothing? Yeah, I'll help. That chest, it's probably trapped. We should be very careful. Later, somewhere else. Somewhere else. Anything else in the chest? Is there any way to cover our tracks here? I got that. Come on. I'm going to pick up Caleb. You're not at fault here. You're the solution here. You know that, right? We're here to fix this. Don't let her anger-- it's not about you. This is not about you. Can we re-lock the chest? I think we should try and lock everything up and maybe break the chair. Right now. I want to try and-- There's no way to--? Actually, I'm going to try and lock the chest again when we leave. I'm going to use-- not magically, obviously, but Thaumaturgy to close it and lock it, or will that not work with Thaumaturgy? Let's have this conversation elsewhere. This place is creeping me out. I think we're-- I think we should-- We need to go now. I have cleaned it up. I have beetles; they eat things. We took everything. We're going. Lock it as well. Sure. Let's get away from here. Lead the way. We're going to move the cart. You need to not panic. Not right around here, no. Cart. I don't want the cart parked in front of the creepy rubble house. I'm going to move it. We're going to get in the cart and move now. I was looking forward to a shopping episode. This was really good. This was good, guys. Yeah, no, this was nice and gentle. I was waiting for the Riegel shoe to drop, man. (laughter) Hey, we're going to use a chair! That's so exciting! Wow, dude. Wow. As Beau might say, "Wow! Wow." LIAM and (shouting) Wow!