You want to see one on the 405 one day, don't you? They get out and they see Laura and go, "Ah!" It is a very disturbed fish, yeah. I am going to just sit at the front of the ship, wet, and I'm not in any of this right You keep leaving. I think you might have the right idea. Yeah, I'm just going to sit. I don't know. It's been a day. It's hard to gauge. Yeah. I'm going to be okay. I'll get up and go down. See what's down there. It's probably good you didn't pull it out. Yeah, I'm going to tap him on the head and cast Healing Word at 3rd-level. That's 11 points right there. Well, he'll be dead eventually. I'm going to head back upstairs. Too real. There's at least five jokes in there. Oh no, I'm not. Just me enjoying a head wound. Hey. I think it's been a day. Miss Jester, do you have a plan? I did. I do-- I did-- I don't know. (sighs) I... had a mission, a holy purpose, a thing that defined me, and I thought that I was honoring it, and now-- what if I was wrong? This is not what I thought it was going to be. My home is dying and... I thought this was what I was supposed to do. I waited for a sign and I thought you were the sign, and now maybe there wasn't any sign. Maybe I just left, and I'm on a ship in an ocean that doesn't want me here. It's been so quiet, and-- I always hear things. What if I made a mistake? And one day will be the last time; what then? No. Although dying was-- I've been hurt before and I've-- almost drowning was a lot. (laugh) That was a lot and the ocean is a lot and this is a lot. (deep breathing) I think I needed to hear that. Breathing's hard. (breathing) (deep breathing) It smells really weird in here. It's very salty. Are you hungry? I'm really hungry. I like cooking. I think I need to cook. Let's go cook. Really, I feel better, that was actually really nice. I'm going to go cook. I live for that shit. I've got plans. How well stocked is this kitchen? Is it stocked at all? Okay, I've got the stuff in my set as well so I'm going to just-- We're doing some shit. This is on. You know that spicy fruit you can buy on the side of the road? We're doing spicy fruit. That sounds so good right now. I'm genuinely fiending for it. I think we can bring the bowls up. It doesn't take that long. There's bowls. Mine, mine, mine. Good night. I think I'm embracing the chaos. Do you have a plan? I don't get it, but okay. That's an answer. That'll do. Yesterday was-- oh god, what's the word? Heavy. Heavy's good. Yeah. Well, I've fought animals, a few bandits. No. No, that was a first. Is life always this directionless? The one with the hair, I think she's going to take off again. Yeah. Oh, you know how it is. Some rocks don't sit right. I mean, yeah? Well, my job for most of my life was to talk to people. Well, it wasn't to talk to people; it was to listen to people. I've listened to a lot of people. Yeah. It's a graveyard. People come and they talk. A lot. Yeah, and you listen a lot. I don't know much, but I know people. And I know things that aren't people. There's a lot more, apparently. You have to. I like that you're looking for something. That's good. Well, I hope we find it, because then you'd get to figure out what to do next, and then there'll be two of us who would be wondering. I'm definitely looking out on the ocean to see if-- I'll do the double, yeah. Yeah, that's not bad. 21. Is that a sign that maybe we should really leave? Sometimes it's worth owning a mistake, and I think yesterday was a big mistake. Well, by owning it, I mean stop trying to necessarily fix it, and let it be a mistake. And maybe just-- Admit that there might be no fixing this. Going to have some thoughts about that flag, too, but that's for tomorrow. Is the flag going to be a problem? But will they know what the flag looks like? Will that be part of the information that exists about the ship? Which is why I'm asking you and hoping you make eye contact with the game-- But the flag, is it possible someone might recognize the flag? I could dye it. This is going to go so poorly. That's an impressive roll. And yet somehow there's a dick in the signature. Nothing like a bar with "withered" in the name. We're going to need food and supplies, so anything that you think that we might need, I'll go pick that up. I'll even go so far as to say good food for a month. I'm going to bake some shit. Fuck it. I also know that I can create food if I have to, so I can do a lot of, like, base-- I do not have 300 gold. What's adequate food? I'll do 50 gold, plus I'll up my spice to make do. I am a cook. I look like Shaggy from the special episode of Scooby Doo where he's pretending to be a pirate. It's been awhile. I don't know. Sorry! That was totally what I was thinking about. We also make them fight and try to kill each other. Thank god. That's how we do it at home, is you raise your hand. I see what you're doing and I like it. I like a good ghost story. Maybe-- Maybe they saw everybody knows the legend of the little devil girl who drowned a hundred years ago. Every now and then, someone reports about seeing-- Everyone loves a good dock tour. Like, a haunted dock tour. LIAM and Well, I like a haunted tour. I've never actually been to a dock, now that I think about it. Oh really? That was all me, that wasn't Caduceus. Ugh. If there's money involved. Job opportunity. (singing) How are you? I'm fine. Everybody else is too. I want to hear you do that voice forever. Why do they call it the Inky Claw? As the crow swims. Literally can't tell what that is. I mean, I guess, I don't know. I hadn't really thought about it. I guess. I don't know, I'm trying to reevaluate my expectations, I suppose. But we have a direction, we have a place to go, and stories are stories. I didn't really think it through, I hadn't really-- I thought it would be easier to figure out. A sign. Yeah. Well, when you say it out loud-- I did. I-- yeah. Yes. Well, that's fair. I hadn't really thought about that. We're heading towards an island. I've heard stories. Let's go to the island. There are vegetarian options as well. That's all I wanted, I can die happy now. Perfect. No, please. Thank you, I'm very proud of this. Family recipe. Completely crazy. Bonkers. Oh yeah. I mean, probably. I don't know. I mean, I'm just barely attached on to this at this point, but I think you're fine. Worst comes to worst, I'll make sure you can cut and run. I think I'm stuck here for a while, but I'll make sure you can bugger out if you need to. Yeah. I have no idea what just happened. You didn't download the app, though, didn't you, so you didn't hire him. I'm good in my head. I'm going to start probably talking to fish at some point in the near future. I'll take it. 15. I don't drink. Not at all. Out of idle curiosity, why have you been trying to butter me up? Well. I do, and for the record, I'm on board for now. I'll keep your boy safe, that's okay. I'm not an only child; I'm aware of how this works. Oh yeah. They're somewhere, I suppose. It's just the temple ground, that's all there is to it. That's why they left, yeah. That was the thought. No. I was the last one left. Well, I've resigned myself to the thought that it's entirely possible that someone will. What kind of sign? Wow, I thought I had you figured out. Never mind. All right. NPCs! Before I go to sleep, I'm going to politely ask any of the fish and things that are in the ocean to let us know if there's trouble up ahead. If they would be so kind. I'm a lunatic aren't I? There's just no-- Okay, because I have a roll for this, but I'm okay. I don't know that. Are we doing 25 to 20 still? TRAVIS and 17. There we are. 17. That was exciting. First thing I'm going to do is I'm going to cast-- I'm going to get myself into a reasonable position and I'm going to cast-- where did it go? There it is. Calm Emotions. In theory, if this is a charm spell, and this counts as a charm if I'm correct, you can just fail a charisma save, if you'd like. I'm going to use Calm Emotions to negate the charmed effect on Nott, and anybody within 20 feet of me. Actually, anyone within 20 feet of it. I'm going to run a few feet away from you, I'm going to take my staff and I'm going to pull piece of silverware and bang that crystal. It's going to make a dissonant sound and wakey-wakey. Charisma saving throw a creatures can choose to fail this saving throw if it wishes. We've got work to do. Yeah, so I'm just basically disrupting that song as long as it's within a certain range for about a minute. I'm also going to use my bonus action to wake up the bugs. The one that's singing, I'm going to roll it towards the lollipop. Snack time. 17. I got to fix this at some point. I know. We just haven't had time to fix anything. That's right. That's ooh! 15 points of damage. I don't even know what just happened. Yep. Yeah! Teamwork! Indoor kid. It should be right above. Sure. Yeah. There's one that's trying to get away with one of our deckhands? Okay. I'm just going to nuts and bolts this. I don't suppose my insect swarm can attack for a bonus action? Well, then. I guess I'll do a Guiding Bolt at level three. I just saw you that. I'm like Ah. Yeah, that's 19, so that's 6d6. 16 points of damage. I think so, yeah. But you also have advantage because it's got Guiding Bolt. I don't understand anything that just-- I'm going to go down and let the crew know that everything seems to be copacetic upstairs. Hey, everything seems to have calmed down upstairs, everything seems fine. I think I'm going to try blintzes for breakfast tomorrow. I feel like we could all use a treat. They don't know what I'm making them out of, but yeah. Not anymore! I now have the song "Every Little Piece" from Pete's Dragon going through my head. Do we have an empty barrel? Whatever is left over if you could put in there, and I'm going to start something and hopefully something-- I don't know what I'm going to get, I've never tried harpy before. It could be mushrooms, could be anything. I'm going to give it a little zing and see what I get. Sure, I'll take that. Ooh, that's terrible. 13. I just was going to put anything that was dead now, and I was just going to see if I could maybe start either-- I don't know what they're going to make, but I'm curious if it's going to be anything I can either eat or use as a spice. I'm using the Decompose and ferment and maybe hopefully getting some mushrooms or something, I don't know what harpies make. We'll find out. Yeah, if it's good I keep it, if it's bad I toss it. Such captaining. Do we have a mattress or something like that? Do we have anything? I'm going to join you and tie ourselves off and I'm going to also cast Water Walk if you're into it on-- I'm going to give you Water Walk for the moment because you're probably stronger than I am. I should probably not do this. You've got Water Walk. There's a suction. I'm going to run down below and-- all right, fix it! Fix it, now! Got to get it up! I start trying to pull the barrels apart-- I'm also going to cast Light in there to make it super, super light. Is there anywhere that looks like a dock, or anywhere that looks like it's appropriate to--? Yeah, I am. I think that's right, 26. How do you want to play this? That's another boat. Are we making ourselves known or are we not making ourselves known? How far away is the other boat? Is it possible they haven't seen us yet? Would it be reasonable to think they've seen us by this point? All right. I'm going to raise the flag? The blue flag. I rose it, it's been risen. It is risen. It's tough being the smart one, eh? Be bold. You could technically stand and offer, I might add. Since you can actually stand on water. You can stand on water right now.. We do have his flag up, though. Just the tip. Oh man. We've been having that discussion about what to wear. It can't be hard-- I was going to say we could also get some blue bell bottoms and some Japanese school tops and fake it. I don't know what video very specifically-- It's the pilot-- I know exactly what you're talking about.