Every time you do one, it's a brand new surprise. Tiny violin. 11. We saw them. We don't know how many. There were a lot of them moving around. I was going to say, it's been a while. I thought the plan was to draw things out through the door. Okay. You guys get an extra d4. Get a d4. 13. Wow, I see how this is going. I'm going to cast Bless and hit Caleb, Nott, and Jester. So I'm Blessing that, and then I'm going to move out of the way. I'm going to go around that rock and over to the side there. Yeah, anywhere I can get over there, get a little bit of distance. Yeah, probably go up a little bit. I want to be able to keep an eye on things. No, not cool! A d4 attached to each attack roll. One down. We'll talk about that other thing later. It's been a few weeks. Oh, wait, it's an attack, you get an extra d4. Oh, you did roll your d4, never mind. I'm going to use my bonus action to throw a quick Healing Word at Beau. That's just six hit points, sorry. Then I'm going to get a little bit away from the tower. I'm going to try and stay in range of that one but circle around away from these fuckers. Yeah, around like that. The one that has Beau, I'm going to hold a Path to the Grave until Yasha attacks. I'm going to hold my thing for Yasha to hit it. Yeah. Yeah. I love Bless, man. I'm not 30 feet away from that, am I? Damn it. Okay, never mind. Is that with the d4? I see her attacking and I'm-- This is fine. I'm fine either way. I'm fine, man. Yeah, I'm fine. Man. Things are happening. Yeah, I'm going to turn invisible. That's only for a round. Then I'm going to back away from this thing. I'm actually going to head around behind Jester, basically. That misses. I also might add that I have the Shield of Retribution. I'm going to activate the Shield of Retribution. Yep. It's the first time I'm using it. When a creature misses with a melee attack, you may react to the blast with arcane force. You have to succeed on a strength saving throw, but that's something else. Okay. Eh. 14 points of damage. It must succeed on a strength saving throw-- is a six. I don't know what against. Must succeed on a strength saving throw against something. Then I think that's fine, yeah. You get pushed back 20 feet. I dart around the side. I'm coming as far back as I can towards that wall, and I'm going to hold my actual action to do the same thing with Yasha again, to give her the bonus kick to her first attack. That will be my action, yeah. Will it bump into me? How did it get so far? What's their speed? Oh, fuck, okay. Do I have a reaction, or did-- That is my reaction, is to hold my attack? Okay. Sorry. First one doubles. All the damage. The first one is doubled. I also like that you're bleeding, so there's a perfect red corkscrew happening. Hey. I'm going to Sacred Flame this guy. I'm going to step back a little bit. 15 feet. Yeah. Get rid of your stuff. Oh, that hits. Okay. I still get my attack, though? 14 points of damage? And constitution saving throw. Nine. Sorry! Make a dex saving throw. All right, that's nice. Take seven points of radiant damage. I'm all right. I think everybody could take a few minutes. Ugh! That's true. I can take ten minutes and give everyone a little bit of a boost. I'll look in the door before we sit down. Is this thing giving me a vibe? Nature check, oh no. My nature check weirdly sucks. Yeah, I know, it's funny how my nature check is terrible. 13. It doesn't seem to be a problem. We're just going to be here for a minute, and then we'll be on our way. Let me know if you've got any issue, and we'll do our best to stay out of your business. 15! I do! Plant life needs love, man. Aw, see, now I feel better about the whole-- thank you. Anybody who needs a heal, I'm going to do the ten-minute-- I'm going to start in the interior of this the Prayer of Healing, so anybody who needs-- Can we afford a short rest? I will not say no to a short rest. Nothing's looking for us. Never mind, I'm not casting the spell. No, if we're taking a short rest. That's if you don't want a short rest, but you want to roll out. We are not paying attention to things. Is there something in the middle of all that tendril in the center of this tower? Is it obscuring something? Oh, I suppose we're going to be heading down. We're going to be having to head down below. We're going to try not to disturb your root structure, but if there's another way down that you might happen to know of, we would appreciate any clue as to what that may be. No shift in the water, nothing? No little twitch? I apologize to the interruption of your very calm day. We did a short rest, so everybody thumped. Are you all right with where you are? I mean, we don't have the best history, but sure. Yeah, that's fair. I don't know if-- well, I mean, place it next to the seaweed, see if it has any-- I don't think this is carnivorous, but it's worth checking. No, it's not that kind. How's that door that we found in the middle of the seaweed looking? I'll go right after you, too, just in case something goes wrong. I don't think so. I think that they're pretty friendly. Fjord, I think-- Sorry. I'm casting Light. I can cast Water Walk if we have to. I'm taking a long look around during this. Ten. I'm going to point out, I'd be careful. Whatever this armor is, it didn't seem to help this fellow much. I didn't think to put that in my bag for this particular run. Here's the question. Do you do this alone, or do we stay here with you? We're at a disadvantage. Let's maybe keep a friend with Mister Fjord. We can keep eyes on him in the chamber. Yeah. Which I think it'll be fine with just Fjord and Frumpkin-- We could be outside, up in the top layer of the temple, and wait for you, whether or not you need help, or whether or not it's time to run. Do you want to be in the room? We'll see through Frumpkin anyway. We'll be waiting for you upstairs. If anything starts to go wrong, we'll try to get to you. If you're encumbered, we'll try to clear a path, and once you're up with us, I'll bring everybody to the surface. No. I feel like that signal happens a lot, though. We hear it a lot. I go last, and on the way out, I tap Fjord on the shoulder. Good luck, and I'm looking forward to seeing you upstairs. I cast Protection from Good and Evil, protection from evil. You know what that does, though. Just in case. Why don't we all get outside and be here right now? What's your-- plus dex? No, you're not. I think we're pretty tight-knit. Are we all going up? Let's go up! I'm casting Water Walk on everybody, including you. Let's head to the ship. Let's walk that way. That was very nice. We really got to do something about that at some point. Don't open it. It's an acquired taste. Do you want me to give them fair warning? I would say close enough. Far. And I still have a Control Water, so once they're within 300 feet, I can make their life very unpleasant. I'm the boatswain! We're all the boatswain. Yeah, what do you need? So I can deal with the top two? I still have some good spells. Oh, that's nice. 17. We usually get durian pastries after BlizzCon. Can we put them between us and land so that maybe if we can ground them? How clear is the--? You'll show us? (gasp) I like that it's got little rivets. You can have mine. I only do this to myself once a year. Captain, let's hug the coast to our right a little hard. Maybe I can, once they get close enough, shove them. Yeah. I can shove them into the rocks, maybe. Get around that little piece of... I can't do anything until they're 300 feet away anyway. Because I would be doing this as well, can I give advantage to that, or can I roll as well on that? No, he has to roll on that. Are they close enough now? 300. Now. I am going to cast Control Water, and I'm going to shove all the water. I'm going to push them right into the island. I can't quite tidal wave. I can do redirect flow, or I can do whirlpool, I think, are my two-- It's a wave? I'm throwing them on the island. Thank you. Percentile? I got them so the-- yep. 15. It's just water. I'm going to sit down. That was really tiring. We can also see what they have on board. I'm so sorry! Oh, I am so sorry. You're not shooting that great anyway. I think probably this was for the best. Not anymore, they're not. Yep, I'm here to fuck your shit up. I will make sure you will never get to shoot a cannon. Oh no. That I can help with. We should, maybe-- Who can tie? We can do that. It would take a day, though. I can't really do anything until the morning. It could also give you a second to go and take a look at the wreck of that ship, maybe. I mean, you can swim. You not feeling it? Yeah, we've got some stuff. Oh, boy. Food and water never stops if you need it, too. Whoa, that's a lot. Pay the crew. Wow! Jesus. I wouldn't say no to that. Vandran. Hm. Perhaps the tower, the strange tower that grows. Perhaps there's answers in there or someone who might know. Well, I know the Wildmother knows everything. (stuttering) Sure? Now I'm thinking about that. Does it? Are you sure? Oh, that's nice. Thinking about this. I think you smell fantastic. Thank you. But no, really, I actually do think you smell better than nice. We've got a tree until we need it! That's a lot of tree. Do you need above average? Are you already bumped? I'm in a breastplate. Either of you would get a bonus to that. Either of you would be hilarious owning this. It's one fight, just become a beast. Yeah. Yeah, you'll get disqualified from a lot of sports for taking that. That's for horses. Not yet. One day. I'm going to gather some of my stuff and go to the crow's nest. Get everybody-- Yeah. I'm not going to be reading up there, but-- I'll admit, I'm not the best reader, but I've read a couple books. I would be curious. If you could leave it in my quarters, that would be most agreeable. Thank you. Me too. I've never felt so helpful. I'm going to climb up and set up a little ritual circle in the crow's nest and I'm going to light some incense and I'm going to pull out a piece of that weird fruit that I've been slowly growing some mushrooms on, getting a little weird, eat a little bit of it. I'm going to meditate and then I'm going to cast Divination. I'm going to feel out into the universe and I'm going to wait for whatever sign, whether it be verbal or otherwise. Wonder what Vandran's doing right now. That'll do. I head back down. I'm good. I'm going to read that book too, but yeah, we'll talk about it later. On the Balleater. Like a badass. It's really cool, and it's going to happen.