I would like to know which one of you is hitting the rotating knives first, is what he is-- I just figured that out, okay. Not even kidding. I'm very perceptive, but I can't see in the dark. No, we should probably keep a little bit of distance. I'll stick with you. All right. Also we should probably have Yasha up front as well. Probably not. It would still be in a big metal case until they really went through. No harm in focusing on the positive. Nothing we can do about it. We can't make a plan until we know what we're up against. And if they're too much, then we'll just get what information we can, maybe sneak in while they're sleeping, and scurry out with what we need with no harm, no problem. I really like it. We did find some earlier. Like a goat, maybe. Is that true? Stop laughing, DM. That's not funny. That's an eight. My nature sucks. Okay, thank you. I didn't need to roll to know that. At some point we do need to rest. Mr. Caleb, what time is it? Nope. So glad it's one I can answer. I'm going to cast Light behind the crystal. I couldn't help myself. I'm listening very carefully to see if anything, any noise is coming from the next room. With advantage-- no, just perception. That is a 19. Kill the light again. We'll turn it back on, but I-- Is there any part of the wall that is still stone and not crystal? I can carve out a chunk of wall if we want to put your little dome inside. Oh, so in that case, that's pretty cool, then. I'll-- Once you build it, I'll use Stone Shape to cover it, then, so you can give it a little bit of a shell. Once he puts up the dome, the shack, I'm going to use Stone Shape to cover it really quickly with a thin layer of rock to make it look... Earthen. It's not like five feet thick of rock, but a couple inches to blanket it. It's going to have a faux front. Oh, yeah, it's going to be an opening. Probably put it against so we can see what's behind. I don't know, what do you think? I'm going to pull the rock that I used for that front from the wall, and I'm going to give us a couple feet in, if that's possible, just to push something. I've been looking at Stone Shape and what it'll do. No watch needed. That's what the thread-- the thread will wake us if it-- Lighting it up again because it's nice. Yeah, we already did it. 21. I did not prepare for that. There was a river. Well, that's a good sign. That means that this is at least a natural cavern, which means it's been here for a long time, and whatever's above hasn't disturbed it. That's good. That's a good sign. Yeah, I'm going to have a little light and see if I can find any tracks or anything for this thing, or any other footprints. I got a 21. Does it smell clean, is it clear? Can I see the bottom? I'll keep an eye on the back. 24. 12 for me as well. This is going to be... And a bite. The damage seems to take? Thank god. Is it close enough? That hits. Okay, good to know! No, this is good. So we're not going to waste time trying to be safe from these things. Again, what does grappled mean? It means I can't move-- Okay, and I can't move. That'll do. He's within 30 feet of me, isn't he? All right, I'm canceling the natural 20. But the critical does not take. Oh it's not a damage-- Oh, never mind. So it doesn't get anything special. Okay, no, if it's not doing anything, then there's no point. I am panicking, just a little. Is it time to start having the flashbacks? Are we at flashback point? Okay, that's going to be interesting. Cancelled. It's actually not a Channel Divinity. It's called "Sentinel at Death's Door." No, it's five times per long rest. LAURA and As long as I'm "within 30 feet of somebody who suffers a critical hit, you can "turn that hit into a normal hit. Any effect triggered by the critical hit is canceled." Five times per long rest. Wait, should I-- Okay. It's about to get worse for them. I'll take it. Slow down, cowboy. I'm casting Bane on these two. The save is a 16 charisma. Yep. I didn't think they would be. That means that you have to take a negative d4 to attack rolls and saving throws. On both of them. I'm going to then spend my bonus action, and I'm going to call a swarm of insects. I'm going to drop it on the-- let's get one of these out of the way first. Let's get the one that's far away from me. I'm going to drop it right on him. That swarm of insects is going to take a bite. Hard to hit. Let's see if I can actually hit because my to-hit is-- Oh, well, that's exciting. 18 is the highest hit. This is a bite attack, which is 4d4. Hit ten, 4d4 piercing damage? It's ten plus 4d4, I believe? Why does it say ten? I don't know. Oh. (counting) That's ten. That finishes my turn. The d4! Wait, and also, is there anything else he gets from Slow for saving throws? How long does that thing stay--? Why don't we all prepare? I haven't put my insects away, and we can just kill this thing off, really. I still have a swarm of insects. I'm, for the moment, going to keep my insects down there, just in case. Is it back to exactly where it was before? It's immediately attacked by an insect swarm. 22. Ten points of damage. I'm also going to throw Sacred Flame at it. Oh, yeah, it is 60 feet. When do the insects get another attack? Thank you. Spare the Dying. Oh, wait, sorry. Sacred Flame. Nope, 16. 15 points of damage. With vague interest. Drop it! Now that that's done, I'm going to start doing a ten minute heal for whoever. Who needs a heal? I'm going to start a ten minute while you guys dig. Who needs healing, by the way? Okay, so just you two? 12 points of healing. We could command it to carry us. We could ask it politely to carry us. We never used the magic words, to be fair. Please, thank you. It gets you so far. If you want, I can Stone Shape. I can push us in a-- I'm going to carve a hole about the size of what we need so we can be pressed into the wall. It might be too big for me to carve. Oof. I can't eat this, I can't floss, there's all sorts of things people can't do. Oh yeah, I can't do all sorts of things when I'm eating. Yeah, I had that spell set up. Sure. That was going right into it. How big are they? Wouldn't maybe if you were traveling these caves, you would've capped them because of things that kept popping out of the wall? What? I've got a light. Does it look like these were-- I'm going to go up to one and examine it. Do I hear anything? Do I see any scrapings that would give a sign? It's 15. These markings on the interior-- Something burrowed. I'm going to clean it off a bit. I'm worried about the things around us. I'm going to clear away a little bit more. Is there a body underneath this pile? Just a hammer? I'll take a look at the hammer. I think someone got grabbed. I've got a crazy idea. Well, no-- that's great. That's way better. I think that this was some sort of pathway and maybe this closed-off pathway here is possibly the way to go, I don't know. I feel like we might have found a way of sneaking into where we're going. If anyone doesn't mind, I'm going to pull out my shovel and start working on this. This blocked off path that this got bisected-- Or we could go down this way, because I don't think there's that much dirt in this-- I'm going to start prodding to see how deep this cap on this bottom one goes. I'm going to take a look in there. Do I feel any wind, anything--? It's just stagnant air? A horse on the top of the mountain? Why would he leave horses on top of a mountain? What would you like me to ask the hammer? Who was your owner? The hammer is very obstinate, but I would imagine that's expected of a hammer. I'm not going to say it wasn't worth a try. I would have been surprised, but I would have been delighted as well. Yeah. There's no way to know. Actually, that's a good idea. Can we send Frumpkin down one of these tiny tunnels? Cool. I can cast Light on the ribbon, too, so you don't have to burn a spell. I cast Light on something tied to Frumpkin. Maybe roll back and try one of these smaller tunnels also, just to see what's a few feet down, maybe? I mean, it seems like the thing to do. What? Yeah? Really? I just wish we knew what these things were. I would have loved to explore some of these. My thought was we could send the cat up and down really quick and just take a look. We have a cat we can just send down the smaller tunnel really quick. I don't know why we don't just take a peek. We sent the cat down the big tunnel. I had a funny feeling. I'd say the downward one, just a quick look, not too far down. Top one, quick look, not too far up. I'd rather them see us now than-- Yeah, we're going to fan out. 20. We've got to get both out of them. It's pretty great. Let's head to the tunnel, then head to the main room. I'm going to augment that. They can all hear you. That's pretty funny! I heard that, right? Oh. Yeah. We can't understand them, but we can understand you. Well, I mean, we can make some food I suppose, or we can let the cat have his way. Is there any way I can just add a Thaumaturgy effect to the cat really quickly? I want the ground around the cat to shake gently and start having a minor earthquake effect. We have food, though. Oh lord. LAURA and We'll need containers. Do you have a couple of pots? Big containers. Do you have one more? I can do two, if you've got two. I can do water, also. Do you care about water? I can do water. That's fair. I'm going to take a little piece of fungus off the stick, and I'm going to put it in there, and I'm going to start casting Create Food and Water and it's going to suddenly become 45 pounds of food. A little more thunder maybe. I don't think they'd be interested. It's way too nice for them. I don't think that they really-- That's so expensive and difficult to come by, in this part of the world. You don't want-- I mean, we certainly don't want to give it up. Well. Mister Fjord, are you sure? Yeah, because there was the two, and then the other two, and then the king, and the leader. I think that's half of the next person, that comes through at that point. Wow. I'm just making sure nobody's tried to-- I've been trying to keep an eye on things. Nobody's tried to gank anything, right? That is fair. Is the cage locked, or is it just shut? Are we going to be walking within 30 feet of that cage? Okay, cool. Once the cage is within 30 feet, I'm just going to pop it open with Thaumaturgy. Bye, buddy. It's going to be like one of those YouTube videos, where they let the mouse go in the forest and just the hawk-- like ten feet. MARISHA and It didn't last one day. What do I hear? That's interesting. Can your cat hear what they're talking about? No, I'm going to walk by you and be like They're talking about something. I don't know if we want to keep an ear out for what they're up to. Cool. As long as they're keeping some distance. Not yet. I think at some point-- When's the point where it's time to bed down? Are we getting to that point? I think at some point we're going to "bed down." I think that's a great idea. And then we'll go to sleep. I'm just going to-- I think we should-- Oh, am I moving over? Okay. (pandemonium) Holy shit. I'm going to make some room here. Oh my god! No peeking. This is chemical warfare, man. That, I believe, is in fact a-- I think that's a natural 20. (laughter) I'm going to get up. Aww, come on. I mean, I just feel bad, really, at this point. No, I feel like we should hear this out. Um... well... Mommy? I like it. That's really neat. Aw man. Hey, hi. How's it going? Great! If it gets us to where we need to be, I'd be willing to drop another spell. Another 45 pounds, whatever we don't need of that 45 pounds, which is an awful lot of food. Is that a bag of bees you've got over there? Oh my god! Way to bring the whole room down. Yeah! Wow! Yeah, this is going to be great. If there's any way to scoop up a couple of pieces. Oh no. That happened. (singing) Natural 20! Natural 20. I just heard Dani break in the other room. The delay is the best. Oh yeah. Is it on its way down into the tunnel? How big is this tunnel, again? Lights are dimmed. Yeah. I was once a giant, there we go. Carry on. They think there are more kobolds coming. In a map? Should we mark this on the map then, with a pin? Oh yeah, I like those. How much can the bubble take? I can throw my voice if we have to. I can also make my voice, I believe, come from wherever I like within 30 feet. Just to have a conversation with these guys, see if they're willing to make a deal. I can get across. If I hit it with Bane beforehand it would also have a slightly harder time doing that. I have a sneaking suspicion that there's probably-- These giants are fast, faster than we are. Probably with some range. I can briefly go invisible, but not for this whole run. Mister Caleb is the one to go. I can be invisible for one run-- for one action. I can get 60 feet. Oh, I mean, I'll be invisible until I'm visible. Should I be invisible at the beginning or at the end? I can be invisible for 60 feet. I'll Polymorph, then, I guess. I'm also going to add resistance to you so you can add a d4 to any saving throw for the next 60 seconds. You can add a d4 to any saving throw. Oh boy. This is going to go great. It's a great plan. Who? I don't know. Man, there are so many options. What would be fun? I don't know. I mean, dragonflies are pretty cool. LAURA and Well, I don't know, but to be fair, I'm not sure if I remember what I'm supposed to do anyway. Who would be like "Um, actually--" You get the limited edition from the local store, you know. It's on you. I'm going to hide, probably in your pocket. I'm going to hide on you as the dragonfly. A dragonfly. I'm going to hitch a ride on you. She's faster. You are the Mighty Menagerie. That's epic. My god, man. 18. I'm also un-Polymorphed over there, as well. Just squeeze. That's all you've got to-- Hi. I'm going to poke my head out and cast Blindness on the giant. Yeah. 16 constitution. Oh, yeah. It was a good thought. That's all right. No, it was worth the thought. I've got a bonus action, I suppose, still. Where have I got my bonus actions? Just for fun, let's give him some more bees. (knocking) Wake up again, guys. I'm going to cast the swarm right in his face. We took a long rest since the last time I used that. It's been a while. I think it's been a long rest. So yeah. That's a swarm of insects and I think they're going to attack. That's-- oh god, that is terrible. It's eight, nine, ten, 11. That's 11 to hit? I was going to try to get them on the face, but-- Yeah, and I'm going to pop back in all the way as far as I can, against the wall. Oh, okay. Yeah. The cow is going to probably turn back into a giant when they move. No! Oh, wow. That's a lot of rolling. I am definitely not 30 feet away from that big mo with the-- I would have to get way out there to be 30 feet. I am 60 feet away from Nott, however, correct? But getting 60 feet from Nott is not-- And then hop back in. All right. I'm going to hop out and-- Oh, that's right. I don't know where Nott is, do I? Then I would have just... I'm going to be on the nope train. Yeah. In fact, if anything-- Yeah, I'm going to hold a healing spell for-- Oh, just Cure Wounds. Just the bonus action one. You get to keep moving though, right? Man, you had to regrow a leg. It's going to be fine. Monster! I got a plan. I got a plan. Everything's going to be fine. I got a plan. Yeah. No. Here's the thing though I am holding a healing spell for the second I see him. No, Healing Word. I'm so sorry-- I meant the 60 foot because-- I was trying for the 60 foot range. I am so sorry. I said the wrong thing because I was not running out there. I was going for the 60 foot range. So the second I see-- The second Nott is visible, I cast Cure Wounds. I cast Healing Word. I'm so sorry. I don't have to roll it. You are 17 points up. This is not a bad idea. I mean, you could grab Caleb. I don't know. I'm holding Stone Shape. The second Caleb is through the hole, the stone is sealing. The entire door is gone. It's just rock again. Dude! Come here. Yay!