Wow. (laughter continues) I haven't gotten there yet. I think if the dice know that they could go to a kinder, gentler home. That's mildly adequate. 14. I should take it because for now. Make your life a little easier because I can keep disadvantage for your turn. I was going to say, what was the number? Because that thing's got to have a low AC. What's the actual number? I'm up. How dumb do I feel like being? If it's turned towards Fjord, then I'm going to run around to the opposite side of it. For flanking bonus. I'm going to take two slices into his leg. See, I didn't do it, and then you just went ahead and did it. I'm working so hard not to do it. What's the flanking bonus, by the way? All right, so this is advantage on the attack. No, not very often. I was trying to remember. I'm not feeling good about that one. Here we are. That's a 25 to hit. I assume I don't get the extra bonus for radiant. (counting) Eight points of damage. Then the next one is a natural 20! That's 14 points of damage. All right! Yeah, I'm holding. Is he going to attack me? I'm definitely using Blood Maledict then, at full use. That was not good, that was bad. All right, that's all right. Yeah, and the next one. Yeah, that hits. I'm out. He has disadvantage on his next attack as well. Way too happy about that ten damage. Also does that mean that his reaction has been burned by the legendary action? Is the legendary action a separate thing from-- All right, so he's still got a reaction. Just checking. I don't. (humming) That was not the critical. Which you do not do. So you're just unconscious. Yeah. You're out. Yeah, but not. That almost-- Yeah? Oh, I don't have to. I get shocked from my-- the chest. The heart locket sparks and-- What? Ready for this? It's really cool. No. When you wear this pendant, you stabilize whenever you are dying at the start of your turn. In addition, whenever you roll hit dice to regain hit points, the number of hit points-- I'm unconscious, but I'm breathing. I'm just (deep breath). Was that with the Hex? You have to hit the confirm button. That's why I was like, get it closer. Does she roll the healing potion if I take it, or do I roll it? Okay, because I was curious if my locket gives me-- does it count as my hit dice or no? Okay. Thank you. I'm going to crawl behind there, and at the very least I can-- To the west, behind that rock right there. I can, at the very least, keep trying to give him disadvantage on at least one attack. Or also, because he'll get the one legendary, but other than that, it's whatever we can get the fullest round. Technically he hasn't had a-- oh, no, he did, because it's a whole round back, never mind. I'm working every bloody angle I can think of. I'm going to go ahead and say, (demonic voice) You got hit in the face with a piece of lollipop! I'm going to attempt to do four psychic damage and give him-- (sigh) Will you roll under 15 eventually? Okay. I know. (whisper) Shh. Go to sleep. Is there a heal spell in the house? (groan) That helps. I need a drink. Molly. Charmed. That'll do. Frequently, not always. Sometimes we're out and about. I can't believe I find myself agreeing with Nott here. We should get out of town while it's still possible. You leave the table when you've got the pot. You don't wait for everything to go back to the dealer. At some point, they're going to start looking for people to fight this war, and I'm not sure I want to be around for it, because boy they know who we are now. I still have a giant tapestry over my shoulder. I put it down before the fight. Yes. I actually think maybe it should be her and Beau, because they won't recognize her, and human faces tend to blend into the crowd, whereas we do not. I'm not. Remember how we talked about getting you out in the world more, and then you said you didn't want to, but then we said you're going to have to do it anyway? This is those times. She'll take care of you. Let's not even start making vague promises. Just be yourself and you'll be fine. Just be anybody but yourself and you'll be fine. It's going to be great. Wow, that was cocked. That looked like it went well. How bad was it? You said both of those things? It didn't devolve into a punching fest. That's pretty good. Oh my god, you've discovered why she's been with my circus all this time, working as a bouncer. If they try and kill you to get answers, then, this way, you don't know anything. Then you're really not worth anything. Sea anemone. Sea anemone. What side are you on? Exactly. Finish the evening off right. I'll honestly say I'd like to get out of here as soon as possible so they don't think we're running from the news. We get out of here before the news hits. I don't care. I'm just happier moving than staying still. If it were just the two of us, I'd say leave tonight, but-- See if we can make it faster, but 24 hours is not terrifying. No later than dusk. I would like to get out before news starts to spread. Before they decide to start locking down the holes. That's a fair point. Are you drinking every random cup or are you pouring them all into one cup? You're a trash person. I walk over and I take your last drink and drink it and salute. I know! Up early in the morning? Yes! Gluten almonds. We're all going to be here to see this open, right? Very fair. Massage? So long as there's a Cobalt Soul Scholastic Fair, really. Hmm? It's more than we used to make in a year, easily. How deep of a sleeper are you? Cool. We'll find out. I'm going to go downstairs I'm going to at least need the best masseuse they have who's also willing to do other interesting things. And someone to feed me and talk to me as the entire thing is going on. I would imagine so. Fruit. Don't be crass. That's just weird. Best hands, best conversationalist. Surprise me. I pay it, and you can sleep through it or not, if you like. Welcome back to college, man! Oh yes. Had you not put that together yet? We got two rooms. Oh excellent! Are you on the bed? Okay. I'm going to take the bed, and I'm going to take my full massage and otherwise. If you would also like some food, I'm sure they'd be willing to-- Oh, I'm sure at the very least I knock on the door and say; I'm having fruit if anyone wants anything. It's mostly ridiculous conversation through this whole thing. Yeah. (loud giggling) Oh, is the food arriving? Okay, in that case, I am going to enter-- Oh no, I've thought about this. I had time to think while watching things outside. Not you guys. I've got the remnants of the fruit. I'm coming in with the food into their room, and I am wearing nothing but my tapestry. (laughter) It's good. I got through a lot of this. If anybody had any questions they want to ask. Laura's in the bathroom-- Just looking forward to wearing a giant Platinum Dragon. That's all I wanted. We have a cart. I'm going to get the map. I'm happy to move in whatever direction anybody likes. What's the good side of this, then? What's your best-case scenario? If they lock the gates, or start conscripting-- I don't know what they'd do. All I know is I don't want to hang out, and obviously we've made a bit of a reputation for ourselves. He's an ally now. Have you literally never left a town without telling everybody because, you know, there's a possibility you're going to get conscripted to go fight a war? See, that sounds like our speed. Not conscripting into fighting on the front lines. Don't think they don't know our names now. I think we should be careful, because the longer we're in town, the more people we talk to, the more people might decide that they're invested in us staying. To Dolan's. We'll meet up at Pumat's. We can pull Matt's soul. We're going to do our best. We're going to see how it's going to be. Just a thought to check the board; also get our stuff from the Leaky Tap. Possible private escorts. Private escort, either north or-- Sure. You have our deepest sympathies at your position. This is obviously going to be a very difficult time. That's a lot. I think it's The Gentleman. I feel like 10,000 gold is buying an awful lot of cooperation. More cooperation than I think I'm capable of. Then we'll meet them at the shop. You wrote all this? We did our taxes. Yeah. I would imagine right now especially. Do you feel...lucky? TRAVIS and Let's go to Pumat's and let's get the rest of them together, I'm sure by now-- No. I think we should get out of town while the getting's good. You're conscripted once you start earning that 10,000. Or you sign it and then the next time you come across some soldiers of the Empire, they have you executed for treason for running off on it. Oh? I don't know. Sounds like an expensive enemy to make. I'm legitimately happy to go in any direction far away from the front line, personally. I think it's a slippery slope. It's conscription. I agree. They say there's kids disappearing up north? I like it. Do we make a polite exit at the least or do we just bugger out? I'm fair for that. Just in case. The DM's Guide. I couldn't make potions with alchemist supplies, could I? All right. Quick huddle. I'm happy just to leave the city. Do you have a lozenge? Shouldn't be offering things that you don't have. If we happen to bring him in even if we weren't under contract-- I'm too tired to make proper decisions. Should have left in the middle of the goddamn night. Knew it was coming. d10 for me. Six. I add six to the rolled HP? All right. Oh wait, I get a bunch of weird shit, we're going to have to have a talk. I get a new blood curse. I want to have a conversation about that before we go into that. I'm excited to see what insane shit I can do. My proficiency bonus, did it automatically go up? That is the best birthday meal.