(high-pitched voice) Hey! Hey guys! Oh god, let her never see that. But then you'd have so much time to come up with a new character. What? No. That's crazy. I could use some solid land. That'd be nice. Well at the very least, maybe you should have Nott try and open some of those funny locks on the books before we go so that you have an easier time getting into them. I don't think we opened the individual locks on the books. I think you just grabbed locked books. Oh! And I grab this one, too. There was one more that you didn't get to see. I don't know what it is. I just picked it up. Seemed like the thing to do. Yeah, anytime. Angry furniture. A lot happened. There was a doll, too, if I recall. There was a doll, there were some marbles, dust, a lot of books. Ooh, did you get the marbles and the ink? That's nice. Honestly, we were trying to figure out what had happened. My mother was a big believer in the buddy system. Growing up in the woods, buddy system. Always should have a buddy. We know. Oh, yeah, okay. Oh, I see this, yeah. I was in a wall. Yeah. I think that everybody here thinks that this is their fault. Raise your hand if you think what happened yesterday was your fault. What do I roll? 18. I usually find that if everybody thinks that they're the ones that did something wrong, it's because nobody did everything wrong. You just had a string of luck. I think everybody did really good. I think that we all got out of there. I think that we all tried our best and we're going to do better next time. I'm feeling very positive. You survived a dragon. You took a risk. Risks are okay. Got to be careful what risks you take, but without risks, we're never going to get what we want. Well, I think we want breakfast. Then we can have a talk about that. Excellent. I don't actually even know how to get off this boat. We haven't done it properly in so long. Roll for first mate. We're going to need to wash some dishes, aren't we? I'm walking towards where I think breakfast is. Natural 20! I was really looking forward to having no idea, but apparently-- Hold on, I got Yelp. I cast Yelp. Oh, that's better. I was like Mm, okay. I can pick around the boar; that shouldn't be a problem. I don't eat boar. I don't eat meat. Have you not noticed? Oh. Yeah, no. I mean, we've barely cooked with any of it in the last month. It's mostly seitan. There's a few different things I use. You can really get an effect, it's-- Making me call my vegan cooking not legit. My god, I'm mad right now. There's a lot of paprika. Pasta burgers. A lot of beets. I'm excited for this. Pocket boar. I'm going to try some mead. Not meat. But I am going to try some mead. It smells really sweet. What's the sweetest thing you've got right now? Sure, I think that sounds like a great idea. This is going to go so well. Do you have anything that's more-- less meat? I'll throw a little in on this. That seems very fair. Back out, back out. Insects, supplies. No sense reading two-thirds of a book. Let's finish this up, see what it has to say. (whispering) Uk'otoa. I think some bees would suit you. You can talk to them. I've talked to many bees in my time. Yeah. I mean, you just Hey, bees. How're you doing? Yeah. Thank you for looking everywhere in that room. That's really nice. Yeah, it was crazy in there. I mean, that actually would have covered everybody, the more you think about it. Wait, was "alive or not" a joke? I always get confused when people use the word "not" in a sentence. Was that supposed to be a--? Though every time we did a little thing, a little of that loot comes out. Caleb is actually not over here. Everyone was a little thrown by what happened. It's worth a lot, and probably we'll be a little more careful about poking things separately. No, it's the buddy system. No blame going around. We're doing the bee tour. I'm going to try and find a blacksmith. There may not be much time for such things, but I was-- Keisha? Possibly not. Seems like you have your hands full right now. I was hoping to, at the very least, get a professional opinion about something. That's what they tell me. Well, I've recently taken to travelling, which, very new experience for someone of my disposition, and I came across something interesting and I was curious if you had an opinion on what this is and how one might fix it. I pull out a broken sword. I was really hoping to be doing something with this at some point, and giving it as a gift to a friend who could use a pick-me-up. Sadly, I don't. It may not exist. Oh, that's all right. They're definitely trying hard to get us to leave a little sooner than we'd necessarily like to. Has everything been all right, by the way? This seems like a lot of commotion. Well, thank you so much for your time. I don't know what I could possibly do in return other than offer my gratitude. Yeah. I go in. You want the spine lift? All right. Oh, thank you, it was a pleasure. I look forward to coming your way again one of these days. This is awfully nice. Caduceus. Keisha. It's a pleasure. I will wander back to the bees. I think I come wandering in about the point where they're saying "Hello, bees," because this is really all I want. What do you want me to say to them? I don't know. Hold on, hold on. Let me do a thing. I'm going to take a little bit of the tea out of my pocket. I'm going to try and get a bloom going on my staff to try and get a flower to start going on. If I can get something to start going a little bit. It may not be temporary, using the Decompose. I don't know if you'll let me do that. Well, I can ask. Hey, guys. I don't have any flowers, but I have some mushrooms. I don't know if you'd be interested, but you're welcome to come over and take a look. It's probably going to rain pretty soon. It's looking a little iffy. They're working really hard right now. You've never seen bees before? Wow. We should fix that, one of these days. I got what I needed. Is it possible to put some basic supplies-- Is the ship already well-supplied for a trip? I'd say a little bit of spice, so that the food that we're creating doesn't taste too bland. Would not be a bad idea, because the magically-created food is spongy. This is his favorite thing to do, to hold a card and watch all of us wait for him to show it to us. Was is das? Das ist gut. Your body is a road map of pain. (whispering) We're going to find the lost island of Teddy Ruxpin; I'm ready for this shit. Let's bring it. We're going off the map, man! Probably need a special boat for that. Oh! Cool. I didn't know that; people don't tell me those sorts of things. Oh, they might, I just might forget. You may have already told me, I don't know. I think that's a very good idea. You made Caduceus laugh, oh no. It's not even me laughing. Well, I can think of worse plans than a nice bottle of wine with a card that says, "Please don't stab me in the middle of the night." You know, I actually think that maybe not giving them the idea in the first place might be a better-- well, yeah, I think the big deal will be when we finally do find a little money, making sure it spreads around a bit. But, bringing back some of the mead and dispersing it amongst the crew is definitely a sign that we're probably going to do that when we do. That is very astute of you. I have a confession. I don't know what astute means; I heard one of the crew use it, so I'm hoping it means a good thing. I was mirroring something somebody else said. Okay, yeah. You're looking for a sign? Me, too. Well, the skies were turning; the wind was coming in; and I honestly have to mention my knee hurts a little bit on the left side, usually about an hour beforehand. It was a thing my sister did. It was 25 seasons ago, give or take. She's a piece of work. She's great. A piece of work. Yeah, usually half a day before it rains. Yeah. That's an amazing list of things that you are not. I definitely could use some sleep. Way to grab that first. Not "CoreyTHall6" or, you know? He got right in there. Well done. That's the nicest way anyone has ever put that; thank you. I think you're-- because the other one missed, so I think you're at-- Oh my god! (snoring) (grunting awake) (sniffing) Did you get hit by lightning? Wow. Hold on. Oh man. No, that's nice. It's fresh. Hold on. Let's do something about that. I'm going to do another quick Cure Wounds at a ridiculous level. Let's do it at third. Let's give you another 3d8 plus five to get that going. What happened? 21. You got a sign? I mean, (sniffs). Yeah, that's a sign. You got hit. You're pretty fried. I don't know how to make this sound normal. Did it know you? Did it feel like it was there for you? Well, somebody's paying attention. Congratulations. You probably need some food. Where's your sword? That's amazing. Well, now that you seem to have the Stormlord's attention, now what? Now what? I'll go to the kitchen and put the kettle on. I think sometimes you're running toward something so fast that you don't remember why you were running in the first place. I've had some moments like that with these people a couple times, where I felt distant from what's important. Recently, I've been thinking about this river in the northern forest. It's not a big river. You watch the river, and every year it's a little different. We used to make little leaf boats and put them down and watch them, and every year it was a different path, but it's all going to end up in the ocean eventually. I think that you're going to be ending up in your destination real soon. I think we're barreling toward it. Congratulations. I'm going to go make tea. (sighs) And I go make tea. Zoinks. Let's get some lemon juice and a candle. The ship's name makes sense, now. The eater of balls. Everybody. Now I feel better about the whole-- It's a good name. It works out. Been saving it. Oh, that-- no. Although, I did think about it. No, this is from home. This is the Cadence family, if I recall? It's very minty. TRAVIS and I mean, technically, yeah. It's true. To surviving. The mintiest. We'll work on it. Eater of balls. And now you have as well. You just bested a ball. We spent six days in that Happy Fun Ball. That's a lot of balls. This is practically a ball pit, yeah. Nice lightning strike as you said that, by the way. It was like-- I was enjoying it. I'm not sure that elder gods work in baker's dozens. You're welcome to stay, although there might be a conversation about how much of the cut of whatever we find you get to keep. Yep, take a look. Perception rolls? Perception with advantage. That's awful! That's terrible. 14. Nothing so far. Mr. Caleb, I know this is not your favorite thing to do, but we may require the use of your friend for a little while. Well, I was hoping that maybe the cat would get uncomfortable in either a bird or an octopus form and do a little reconnaissance. We're looking for signs of civilization on land or in the sea at the moment. What are you--? Your mind pictures. Are you hoping for that Ladyhawke moment where you have a furry octopus? One pat of just (growling noise). (yowling, then slurping) There you go, bud. Oh, man. Well, we may need a nap before we go down there. But, since the Yasha thing? Oh, in that case, I'm going to manage my spells then. Yeah, let's do it separately. Oh my god! Ten. Seems pretty clear. Maybe if you washed it every now and then it would have a slightly different-- I'll leave my tea kettle on board. Should be fine, we'll find them. We're all going to stare at you while you do this. The book was about debate and then you were going to argue about-- It's a look. No fear. No, straight roll. Six! I'm going to do a little ping of Eyes of the Grave, just to make sure there's no more of them in this other than the ones we can see. 60 feet. I know that we're heading-- once I feel like, or maybe I should hit it again-- Come on. Ah, better. 20. 16. Yeah. I would have gotten an undead ping from any of them. I didn't get an undead ping? I'm relaying that to everybody very quietly. It looks dangerous. I think it's worth-- I'll stick with you. Just for fun, I'll add into this with a Sacred Flame. See if we can knock one out. Mine is a save against dex of 16. 11 points of radiant damage. Is that with advantage? Oh. Cricket. 13. Can you get down there and hold an action? Well done. You've already helped. Whoa, good to know. Very low armor class, easy to hit, which is usually dangerous. They're going to be trouble when they get in there. Do you want to have an action held, though? I'm going to move just behind Yasha. Are any of them within range at this point? 30 or 60. Then I'm going to hold a spell until they're within range. I'm going to hold Bane. Underwater? I'm going to hit three of them with Bane. Three of them with Bane. It's a charisma saving throw. I'm hitting the ones that have not been hit. Charisma. Yeah. Attacks and savings throws, 1d4. Just the first one. Negative d4. Oh wait, no, not that one. I'm so sorry. Not that one. That one doesn't have the d4. I'm going to keep my distance. I'm going to back up a little bit, and I'm going to use Sacred Flame on the one that is in combat with Yasha. It's dex save. Do I want to do this? Yeah. Five points of radiant damage. Thank you. 11 points of radiant damage. Thank you. My brain is burnt. Is that with a negative d4? Ruin everything. I love Bane so much. Where has it been all my life? Oh! It's so hateful. Reduced to half? Does he get a bonus for that natural 20? Does he get some sort of bonus to that natural 20? Does that make something better about that? I mean, because I'm going to cancel it, if it does anything. I'm canceling it. Jesus. Yeah, no, I'm pretty uncomfortable about all of this. Yeah. This is definitely getting very after-school special for me and the kid just brought out the bag of weed in the after-school special and I'm like, "Oh." Oh, the police officer came to our school and talked about this. Okay. No. (sighs) Yeah, all right, let's do this. I think that was the end of your ghost friend. No. That was the end. I mean, they already know we're here. You want heavy in combat, so you would want-- Right as it begins. Hey! Look at that! Well, not next week. The 10th. Bless! Oh, I love Bless. Bless and Bane, man. Yeah. Yeah, are we going to talk about the Riegel in the room? How do you have a dimple-- you have a movie star chin dimple. It's right there. The tongue is saving a woman tied to a railroad track. We missed you so much! Still littered with candy canes.