Honestly, I'm still not sure which of you is Sam. That was great, Max. Long game, motherfucker. You've got it? Because I was going to go get some milk too. Two milks also. One hot please. Two milks, one hot. What is happening? I don't know anymore. What's your typical rank on board ship if you don't mind me asking? Very cool. Caduceus. I don't-- okay, yeah. (laughter) I apologize if we're anxious. We just want to get our business concluded as quickly as possible and move on to more pressing matters. I mean, if you see Marius or know that he's around, you're welcome to tell him that people are trying to deliver something. I get the impression that he's a friend and I also get the impression that he's probably used to a fair bit of trouble and we're hoping not to be trouble. Well it's complicated, I'm not even going to pretend that I entirely understand it myself. We're-- Again I hate to ask personal questions but-- Bastard. Have you ever sailed with Marius by any chance? I mean, do you have an impression of him as a sailor or--? I'll have to say that we might be the answer he's looking for. We're removed from the actual situation. We're more delivery by happenstance more than anything else. We have our own questions and problems and concerns which can only be answered by someone who has a better grasp of the situation. I know people. And turtles. Wow. Persuasion? 21. Sipping my milk. Milk mustache. (laughter) You wouldn't mind me asking for a brief description of him so we can identify him when we see him? That would be most advantageous. Super cool. That's pretty cool. Sure. I imagine he's probably a little jumpy of people if he owes money and that sort of thing. That can make someone very mistrusting. I would hate to invoke your name in front of him, but-- Thanks, friend, that's great. Oh, of course not. Well, I mean, is Orly giving the vibe that he is enjoying the company or giving the vibe that he now wants to enjoy his drink in peace? Well, we got one more problem we got to deal with, which is your mom's problem. And that's the one where we're going to maybe have to get a little difficult. Yeah. Do you know anyone who knows how to get down to the Sluice Weave, or has ever been there, by any chance? I don't actually know what I'm talking about, to be fair. (whispering) I like tortles. Yeah, we've got somebody who's a bit of a problem we have to deal with as well. This is a completely separate issue. It's somebody being impolite to a friend of ours. So true. You've had your Creole. I was waiting for a fluorescent light to turn on. No, it was good, you were engaged. Hey. We didn't really talk much last time. You were in your own space. Well, here you are. I think, perhaps it's destiny. Do you believe in destiny? But you dream about islands, and you go to them. I know I like you. Let me see you eat a meal, then I'll figure out what tea to give you. Well, I suppose if the Stormlord put you on this path, then you're with us now because of some divine intervention. I think it's important to follow one's feelings on such things. I commend you. Yeah. Caduceus, Caduceus Clay. It's a pleasure. Thank you, they've been-- your friends have spoken very highly of you in your absence. I never understood that penny. Oh, no! Okay, that's-- oh, wow. Sorry, Sprinkle. Is there something we can throw? Hold on. Is this a good place for Thaumaturgy? Fuck it, let's accent this. Free round for anybody who has any information. Is that something you can do? Then yeah! I'm going to get a little smaller so that I take up less space in the boat. I'm going to turn into a shaggy-looking half-elf, literally probably look a bit like Shaggy from Scooby-doo. It changes the amount of volume, but I actually do change volumetrically in size though. I can get several feet shorter. It's a firbolg thing. I can seem up to three feet shorter, but-- Well, I did it anyway. You've just described every environment that life can manifest in. Are we calling dibs on the boat? I think I saw it, if I recall. She pointed it out, didn't she? When we were-- I'll feel confident in my knowledge, that's fine. Yeah! This is everything I wanted. You'll be all right. 25. Frumpkin, go take a look at that, if you wouldn't mind. Based on that description I want to see if I can figure out what buildings would be directly underneath, do my own mental map of what has been described. Oh dear. Make an intelligence check? All right, that will be fun. Maybe that thing is, maybe directly on top of what you were looking at. I'm keeping an eye out. Are we just leaving a boat here, is that the--. No. Better than what I was going to do. Oh yeah. See Nugget, here's the situation. Everybody else is going into this thing in the tunnel. I don't know if you want to go into the water, if you want to just hang out here and hope that everything goes okay or if you've got a preference. But, I'll tell you what. You can hop on with me if want to go with us on this adventure. If you'd rather just sit here, I'll leave you a little food and we'll probably be back in a couple of hours. Yeah, of course. So you just want to hang I guess? You want to come with me? Animal handling? 20-- I'm sorry, not 20, 18. Hold your breath on the count of three. Oh you'll be fine, we'll just give you a little-- I can just give you a little tap if anything goes wrong. I'm going to slow my breathing, I'm going to take one last look around to see if anyone notices any of the commotion that we're causing. Perception check. Yeah, my perception check was bad for me, which is an 11. I've slowed my breathing, I've calmed myself and I'm just going to take a very gentle dive and move in. Yeah, we tied the boat. Athletics check, that one was not so good. (laughter) Never done this before. I can thankfully hold my breath a long time. The puppy is having-- am I feeling a twitch, or is it having a--? Oh that's better, 18. He wanted to come. I'll look around. Let's head quietly in that direction I think might be-- Is this a fancy room or is this just a more of a-- 14. So, you rolled low initiative. You rolled a seven. I believe so. I'm currently in... hold on, yeah. All right. That's a 17. How well can I see right now? Okay. I'm considered blind. That's fine. There's nothing much I can do about that right now. I'm going to-- hold a Sacred Flame until I can actually see what I'm attempting to attack. Like, until I can see well enough to-- Yes, Sacred Flame. In the meantime, I'll just stay to myself and maybe try and walk around to, yeah, just like there. I could use a little light! Thank you. Sacred Flame. Dex saving throw. 16. (counting) 12 points of I believe-- is that radiant damage? Yeah. 12 points of radiant damage. That does not hit. Sure. Is it disadvantage because I can't see? That's the same roll. That's 12. I'm still blind? At some point I'm going to have to-- I've never fixed the fact that I'm a cantrip down, which I will have to fix at some point because this is-- I think I had this at one point, and yeah it did not have that. I'm going to just ready another-- actually I'm free now. I'm going to try and back into the corner near that treasure chest. I'm just going to ready another-- Barrel. It's filled with treasure. (laughter) It's one gold coin. I'm just going to ready another Guiding Bolt for the second I can see anything. The water elemental is going to sit there and have a long thought about its relationships. Sea foam, that's all you are. I really actually have a-- it'd be easier if I could see where I am or-- Oh, that's much better. I just tap the stone. Ten hit points. Is there an intense discoloration, maybe, of the mold underneath the grate? Is it a different kind of-- Yeah. You're so good. Oh, thank you. 27. You're in another game. Okay, because I was like ten seconds away from casting Eyes of the Grave. Well, there's an easy way to deal with this. Algar's got a control mechanism, I think. No. (laughter) Oh god. Shit. Woo! [dramatic music] You know, I think one of the bits isn't turning on. It should be just about instantaneous. Yeah. 17. 17. The flaggy thing? Yeah. Algar might have something. Yes! I'm so proud of you. To be fair, there is nothing better than Dungeons & Aquarium Repair. No, I feel good that you're making this happen. Things are looking better. Yup, there it goes! Nice. Nope. Four. I'm going to get up and be like, Man, I've got to get that bracelet off that guy, god. Ugh. I'm going to-- I'm going to try and get up and crawl around into the corner right there, get as far into the corner. Am I within 60 feet of Algar? Am I 60 feet from Algar? Motherfucker. Uh-- It is a little dicey. That's as far as I can move? Then I have no damn movement. Okay. I'm going to-- let's see. First thing I'm going to do is-- oh man. I'm so sorry, I don't quite have my shit together. I'm going to use my Blight Staff. I'm going to use my bonus action to cast the swarm. I'm going to use it to get-- how far away? Well, I mean, they fly. I figure, they're (flying noise) so. Flying beetles. They're going to go irritate the other side of the water monster at the moment. No, the water-- Then for my attack-- hmm? Oh yeah. That's uh-- sorry. That's a weird little-- I actually don't have their attack information still. Plus what? It's a bite attack. I know I don't-- we haven't fixed it yet. No, that's an eight. For my actual action I'm going to put-- I'm going to use one of my Channel Divinities. On the water creature just to-- just for now I'm going to cast the-- Path to the Grave. And then that's my turn. The next person who hits that water thing is going to hurt. I'm going to undo that. None of that shit. I'm trying to find it again-- I can cancel that. And technically it's also divinity. Did the divinity get pulled then from that? Kind of? Something that nobody understands yet that I should probably explain to people at some point. Oh god. Now I'm thinking-- I had to. That's nasty. Oh, that hits. Ow! I'm very low, we'll see how this goes. Nine. Dexterity saving throw? Come on. Nope. Yup, I'm putting it away. I'm out. No, I haven't done the math yet, but I'm pretty sure. I'm out. Guess who's going to be healing. You're out, you're just not doing death saves. It's got to keep stabilizing you, I think. Yup. 11, I'm good. As long as Laura throws-- yeah, then-- Yes! Also, technically wouldn't my beetles get a bonus action anyway, or? I thought that was cocked anyway, but yeah. Don't even-- I'm not rolling another character. Aw man, yeah. It's okay, I was just hoping for even like advantage or some such. Why not? He's running a fucking undead-- If I'm alive, it's fine. If I'm not alive it's not okay. Okay, so it's not terrible. It's bad. Whoa! Mm-hmm. Goddamn it! It was so good. Technically-- It got bigger when we got in here, that's my feeling. Anything not to go unconscious again. SAM and Not for long. Yep, still alive. That's all I needed was just to survive the round. And I'm out. I have had nothing I could do this round. 11. I mean... So many things need to happen. No matter what we're pretty fucked right now. This is terrible. And make sure you're not going to hit Jester or I in any of those hits either. That will kill us. Yeah. And regardless there's a genie, so. Fucking Algar, man. That's good. Wow. Deep. I'm still unconscious. All right. Yeah. 22 points of health. Oh! What is your plan? I'm not up yet. I'm still in the water. I haven't even started to get up yet. Okay. Even if I'm underwater? Yeah, okay. I'm already prone. Oh, 18! Okay. The first I'm going to do is stuff. Sorry, I'm just getting my shit together. I'm going to do... I'm going to, for an action even before I get up, I'm just going to cast Cure Wounds at a second level on Caleb, if I can just-- Is it a touch? Oh yeah, it is. Do I have a distance one? No, I do not. I do! I'll do Healing Word. I'll do Healing Word at a second level. It autofills, so that's 13 points of health to you right now. I'm going to turn invisible as my bonus action, and I'm going to get up and start moving away from this mess. I will just be visible my next turn. I was going to turn invisible before I get up, but yeah. There. There, yeah, that'll do. Yep. But there's a lot happening. It's just a (splash) everything's like that. That was so stressful! Never too much Ashley.