That's the same embarrassment that you feel about us; the way we're feeling about you now. By far the most fourth of all of these books. It's easily the most fourth. Thank you, this is new. Just went for this, it's going to slowly darken over time. It's going to be keyframed and photoshopped, I'm aware. I've already been told that's it's going to happen. Traveling Carnival of Curiosities. I'd like to make a counteroffer? You'll be fine. I think maybe it has nothing to do with us. I think maybe we were just caught in the crossfire. Sorry, sir. Trying to keep my mouth shut. Exactly how did we kill them, exactly? Thank you. Yes, you see-- Oh, are you waiting for me to speak? Yes, he's the only one. Natural 20. About fucking time, you little shit! No. Just shocked to see someone die in front of me not more than-- It's the one accent that I really have trouble with. Bastard. The one that we know is a problem. This has never-- anything like this has ever happened before. And thank you. For the record, I don't owe any of you anything-- --I swear, but thank you, and I'm ready to help with this. No! That's an act, that's not anything. It's just a show! It's nothing special, it's just a guy making a buck, all right? He's fine! By the way, where's the obnoxious one? The really loud-- Is this part of the show by the way? I was just curious. I'm going to be very helpful and not go in there with the two of you while you try and get her out. I'll stand guard. I have nowhere to go. How many kittens is that again? She didn't. You're putting your neck out for Toya for some strange reason and I don't know why, she's perfectly capable of handling herself. Not that I can remember. They all look the same after a while. Busy, yeah. Nothing like this. Hundreds, possibly thousands of shows. Yeah, thousands of shows. Nothing. Never. It's not us. Which other two? Oh, your friends! You call them Stinky and the little one? All right. Thank God. If I'm going to listening to somebody's life story I'm going to need a drink. You, gorgeous, what's your name? Adelaine, I would like a round for all these terrible people and one for myself. What's the difference between these three beers? I've honestly got to admit, they all taste the same to me. Let's get a round of von Brandt for everybody. I don't know. I'm going to ask for one of each of these beers because I want to have a tasting competition. I'm not going to be drinking alone. How'd you etch a deck in the table? Oh. You think that's what they look like? I'm already in my cups. She's blue. It's very true. I'm from the circus. Oh yeah. Quite a while. Long as I can reasonably remember at the very least. It's been a while. It's nice. I like it. They're good people. Work hard. That's a very funny story, actually. Me too. Thank you. These swords-- you buy a drink and we'll see. How much I owe you for the first round? Mother always told me to never give a story away for free. I already like your mother. I can tell. I'm going to join you on this one. 16. There's only one way to find out. I'm looking at her waist. What's on her waist? I'm going to guess ten. I want to hear you say it, anyway. That's 40 days. It's the second button. Sorry! Drinking! I did order two extra. Two extra? You're no fun. Are you trying to learn magic? Is that a thing? He's family. We take care of each other. He's a good man. Well, they have all my things and they have all my family. I'm going to figure out what is going on. Try and find out what's actually doing this. I assume since it's none of us, it's going to happen again. Well, I-- I'm sure if we sleep on it, we'll think of something. That's fair. A bit, yeah. Where exactly am I going to be sleeping, by the way? I can sleep down here, but it might be nice-- Excellent. You don't mind? I'm going to pull the swords off finally and start getting comfortable out of the performance clothes. There is a button for it. All but the one you bought me. To be fair, I didn't give you that story. I very carefully start unfolding my robe and it has my swords very carefully laid out in there from the closet. I do a little prayer and put everything back on. I am, of course. You seem honest. Well, the swords are magic. According to my mum, they go back in our family generations to a very unusual rare line of tiefling that came from a demon of ice that lived inside a volcano. Our family, and I take this with a grain of salt, were royal guards, were entrusted with these magic swords and these swords can only be activated by the blood of the royal family. So in honor of any fighting I ever do with them, I make sure my blood is at least drawn once. What am I fighting against? That would be deception. All right. I'm lying like a motherfucker. I walk downstairs. I've already gone. I'm having breakfast. I'm leaving a note with the barkeep for Yasha if she comes back. Well, I mean look at me. I go into my bag. I do have a disguise kit. Don't I? I think I do. It's so weird to just have things now. Yeah, I have a disguise kit. It'd be a little tricky for me. I look like what I'm going to look like. But the rest of you could do a little work. We could just shower this one that would be enough. I tend to find these things don't blow over necessarily as more they just eventually decide someone's guilty and take their revenge on them. Not this particular one, but yes. None taken, really. A little taken, but that's fine. She's right, immediately the two of us are going to get hit with this. Do you want assistance with this? Oh, with advantage. I assume I've just got some very basic black robe that just-- I'm sure I've got a set. Yes please, this is a lot of work. It's a natural 20, that'll do it. Now I'm kicking myself. No, never mind, I didn't do it at the time, I can't do it now. No retconning, never mind. Has Adelaine noticed any of this? Let's call that a-- 14, thank you. I go single just a little bit after, and I rolled a natural 20. Yep. It seems to be iron, like my will. Me and my magic swords. Who was he, would be my question. Seems to be the most appropriate thing to ask at this point. These small towns, most everyone knows everybody else. We're the Logan's Run of D&D. Retired fisherman? Do we know where he was retired from and where he was staying, maybe where he was drinking? He had to go somewhere. Is that with the weird "e" spelling? I'm always a fan. "Ye olde" It's pronounced "the" when you see the ye. The what? Is this a metaphor or is this actually a real thing? I was doing my rounds. We've been doing a pub crawl. I down my shot. What did the man drink out of curiosity? What was his final drink? I'm a bit of a macabre person myself. I'll take one more, and I'll get one of my own. We got a reader. While they're doing this, I'm going to saunter over to the card player. Not there at all. I just sat down for a moment with this solitaire player. They say that solitaire is the game for the death-obsessed. There's inevitability to every hand, most of them are doomed from the start no matter what you do. Any interest to buck fate and try your hand at an opponent for once? No money, just friendly. I slide the rest of my whiskey over. I've been called worse. I'm just a man who saw another man die yesterday. It's been heavy on my conscience and I was just wondering if there was anything you could tell me about Enon. I'm regretting it myself. Has he? That's not what other people have said. Why do you think he went? Why do you think that happened to him? Fuck the circus. So that's what you think happened to him, then? I feel like there's something evil afoot. Again, I've been called worse. Sure you have in your time, as well. I take my cup back. Down it. I love small towns. Awfully convenient. That rule's been around for as long as I can remember because it makes people think the show's dangerous. Gives them a thrill. We're not really worried about people having a heart attack; we want people to be worried about having a heart attack, because then they're more excited to come see the show. This is how these shows work. Before my time. It's a boilerplate. If you were trying to hide doing something to someone it's a great candidate. If I was trying to get away with something, terrible idea. Wait, what? What kind of weird? Start at the docks, but I'll keep that in mind. I was about-- nope, nevermind. I was about to be very impressed, but I take it back. What does "usta" mean? Very good. I'd like to avoid the guards for as long as possible. I'm comparing the snake to the snake that's tattooed on my hand to try and get the heads to be the exact same size. You think anyone would have wanted him marked or harmed in some way? This is just a snake. This is a big, weird snake I'm looking at? No, I've been looking at the snake this entire time. Nine. Looks like mine. Much bigger. I'd say the docks are his home, if we could figure out where he lived. He was last seen at the circus! You don't happen to know what happened to his son, by any chance? I take the compliment. I'm putting it my pocket. I'm keeping it for later. Well, she's making friends with everybody. I don't see any of you making friends. Were you being sarcastic-- oh, no you weren't, okay. Catching up on that. Only the pure of heart make their answer out of riddles. Back to the tavern. You're going to probably, you know, poof. I can maybe put a rope through the window. I got rope. I'll go through the front like a proper person. Right, and then I'm going to drop some of the rope out the back window for them. (singing) 50 feet of hemp rope, it's a standard! How?! You're already so ahead, though! We are at D&D Jury Duty. I'm sitting playing with the cards. Any progress? That was a power move right there. No, you know what? I'm going to take it. How long have you known this one? Anybody who's watching this happen. That explains a lot. I feel like there should be some more gossip then there is, that's very true. I leave the rope tied in here. Can we use your cat? Reel it back up in so that there's no trace of us until we need to get back there. No, I'm telling you that your cat is going to haul up a rope. It's not that heavy of a rope, it's just hemp. Well, if I throw it back up there then I imagine you cat can knock it back down at the very least. I assume he's an asshole cat. Aren't all cats asshole cats? I assume he's going to-- that's fair. Not that big of a town. There's three rooms and they all have windows. Oh for god's sake. I pull out a big thing of string. Oh, well then, I'm taking my string back. I'm going to do one last thing before we leave, which is just tussle the room a bit so it looks like it's been robbed. Just in case they do come in. 17. 12. I'm just going to try to meditate on the strange death and see if I can feel anything. All right. Just see how this goes. 17. Maybe we have to go back to the circus. It's early enough maybe we should just-- I hate to admit it, but maybe-- it's not us. It's like an emoji. Is math or something? Seven. I'm in my black hood. I've got my hood up now. We are just the worst. This is just terrible. It's where we camp. They're not going to talk to you without me, so I'm coming, too. I'm fabulous. I'm going with the girls, because the circus kids won't talk to them without me. No. 17. Which of the tents is currently occupied? Toya and Kylre share a tent, that's right. It would be Desmond. We have a wagon. We were told to set it up here, if I recall. That sounds right. If I recall, we were specifically told to set up tent right here. What's the easiest tent to get to without-- I want to go with whatever's furthest away from the guards. What's the easiest to get to without-- I'm going to go back there and do our traditional (bird call) Yuli. It's Mona and Yuli. I'm going to try one of the other tents. Am I getting the sense that any of them are in? Over here! I'm going to very gently lift the back of the tent up and not go in through the front. And just-- (whispering) Do you know what's going on? (switches to normal volume) Assume we're whispering, because this is bullshit. How is it? What's happened? I could be worse. They couldn't be worse. And then Yasha Yasha'd. I don't know. Did Toya see anything? Did she say anything? No, I've picked up a few scragglers. They're idiots, but they're helping. What do they think happened? What are they asking? What would be the point? Yasha's the newest, but she can be flighty. You've never met it-- Well, nevermind. Oh God, that's a new thing now. Circus shitty. In a tent over there. Is everybody still here? They've not taken anyone away other than-- We're carnival people, we've all got our issues. You don't end up here if you're not a little weird. First blood! Oh, for fuck's sake. I'm going to do my best. I'm going to quietly sneak out the back of the tent again and sneak into the-- Oh god, I hate all of this. 13. With advantage. I'm not going to make the noise I'm just going to-- We're going to go in the tent. (shushes) That's what I'm trying to figure out, what the fuck is going on. They're with me, it's been complicated. Gustav's in deep. Bosun's in deep. What did you see? I don't know. This is Ornna I assume. Ornna is the fire dancer. For fuck's sake, they're going to kill every last fucking one of us unless we figure this out. What do you think? I don't know. I think that they're trying to cover something. Oh god. I miss Pass Without a Trace so much. That's a number. That's so good. I'm going to have a tiny bit of conversation with her. Her name's Beau. She's helping, she's awful, you have a lot in common. I'm going to walk by the two twins, because I'm circling the tent, trying to get a look, and be like, I've absolutely been talking shit. You're both terrible. I give them both a kiss on the head and keep walking. They may not let us leave. They may be killing us all. They're weird out there. They're very weird out there. Ornna's in the tent with us. While you're talking to the twins, I'll be talking to Ornna. Oh, for fuck's sake. It's not fucking Gustav. It's like she's never experienced boredom. It's very weird. Hey, Ornna? (sighs) I mean, I know your feelings on all this. What do you think? Really? What exactly would you have done? They were useless. Well, that's on me and-- That's on me. They would. Ornna, Ornna. I've got a little iPad button on the back of my pen, it's quite nice. Ornna, you might as well come clean, this is classic you. I'm just trying to-- Oh, fuck you, too. It's no secret that Ornna and Gustav have their differences, but this ridiculous. I mean, she knows damn well that half the circus would leave if he got fucking arrested and died. But this is not his style. I just grab-- What do you mean evil kind of vibe? He's what? That's just a name. It's not actually, like real thing. That just-- [stammering] What do you-- I grab and push you down into the ground and hold you. (shushing sounds) Not yet. Girls, we're not supposed to be here. Can you help us handle this? (sighs) We'll do what we can. If something goes wrong, nudity usually works. [laughing] Which one's Nancy, which one's Drew? Just one more question. This season got dark. Season got dark.