I'm Sherlock Holmes, because that's the best I could do in two hours' time, after figuring out that I was supposed to do this while working on another project. By far the most put-together costume at this table. Yeah. Also, I forgot I just announced I'm going to be at Loscon November 23rd through 25th. So if you're in LA and want to check out the convention, I'll be hanging out there and talking about D&D and voiceover and all sorts of things like that. Loscon L-O-S-C-O-N. That's what I've got. We're getting two daylight savings times, because we had one in London too. So we get two hours. We should travel the world. I'm pretty sure it does. I want a judgement call on that. I know. I'm well aware. Yeah? In theory. I assure you, it's safe now. Is Jamedi wearing any weapons? Actually, I'm going to use this new d20 and see how that goes. The con. Ah! That's good. That's a good start. 27. I'm going to cast Detect Magic. On everything. Including our friends and everything in the room. Nothing Jamedi is wearing at all is giving off a--? Mr. Fjord, I feel like I should mention I'm keeping a lookout for anything and I'm getting a bit of a magical aura from the three columns. I don't know if it's related to this. The three columns are very similar, there's nothing unique, the pattern within them doesn't deviate too much? All right. I was heading that way myself. I think the lock's picked. I'm going to start heading towards the stairs. I'm going to recommend everybody else, let's go. I'm going to-- Is everybody outside? Is everybody in the chamber right now? I'm going to hit the button to re-close the-- to close the-- Oh, who did? Yeah? Okay, do you mind hitting the button to close this thing again? Yeah, I was going because I was-- oh, god. Mage Hand! Come on! Yeah. We'll get up there and drop a rope. Can Yasha fly? I'm going to try and-- Oh, god. All right. I'm actually weak, somebody stronger is probably good. I'm tall now. I'm very tall. I might be taller than the hole. Right, yeah. I'm pushing people through. Yep. Oh! I'm casting Spirit Guardians and rushing them. I've got a light on my stick anyway. I would have cast Light on my stick, then. Anybody I don't like within 15 feet is currently getting ransacked by tiny fairies. Wisdom 16. That's-- Freaking out a little bit. 3d8 radiant damage? That's 11 (counting) 12 points of radiant damage. No. It doesn't-- They're fairies. I'm heading straight towards the exit. Seven and seven. Both seven. They're also drowning too, right? Someone might have a water breathing potion. I'm also-- Is he getting within 15 feet of me? Okay, then. As he enters that space, he has to-- Your speed is halved while you're within 15 feet of me, and the creature enters the area for the first time or starts its turn there. So, the 3d8, that's 19. So, half of 19. Okay, so he gets into my realm-- one of them is within-- I don't have to reroll, it's the same for all three, right? The roll I just used, or a new roll? All right. That's-- Yeah, top of their turn. It's like a little-- there you go. I'll go last. She's going to lose a little air, but yeah. Is she engaged with anybody? Okay, then she will Toll the Dead. Yes. That's 2d8. Oh, yeah. 2d12. Where are my 12s? Ten points. She's going to try to get the most advantageous point towards the door as well. I'm going to take a blight staff swing at that one that's right next to Yasha. Right there. Oh, actually, that's true. Actually, never mind. I'm not going to do that, I'm so sorry. I'm going to get them into the most advantageous position to make sure that everybody I want to hit is within 15 feet of me. I'm just going to hold my breath and maintain my calm. Yeah. I believe that's full damage. Let's see. Spirit Guardians? 16! Not bad. 16 points. Are the other two not doing anything, by the way? No, I mean our other two friends. Okay, that's fair. Yeah. Nope! Nope! Just letting the fairies do the work. 15 points of damage. Oh no. She's out, I thought. She's out! Yeah, get her out of there. I would appreciate it, but up to you. No. No one does. Asshole! Is he going to take an attack of opportunity on her? Full speed. Oh, yeah. That's fair, I did. I rolled an eight. Can I cast-- I got a crazy idea. Next turn can I try something? I am unconscious. Ah, man! I know, I was just sitting on a spell that apparently I didn't know that I was going to lose the spell so I'm throwing away my plans. I had an emergency exit and now I can't use it. It's all right. Fuck it. 14. Thank god. That would have been the end of me. That would have been number two, done. Right there, instant T.K.O. Fuck, man. Jester at the very least is going to cast Spare the Dying-- is going to grab me in the Feather Fall and cast Spare the Dying. Thank you! I don't think you made it to unconsciousness because we burst before your turn. Yeah, and I don't think that Spirit Guardians doesn't go down when I go unconscious. It's not concentration-- Oh it is concentration, isn't it? Where is it? Yeah, it is concentration. Fuck. God damn it. No I'm not, I'm unconscious. You're sliding me, basically? Thank you for that. Oh my god! She doesn't actually have anything that can wake me up right now. Oh my god, she has one left, doesn't she? Holy shit, I forgot about that! I'm not even little anymore. Oh! I'm up, I'm up, oh! Did I lose all my hit points when I went unconscious? Okay, I had zero then. Well, fuck. I'm going to cast-- really quickly since I have nothing else left, I'm going to cast Disguise Self and look like one of the lizard people. Oh, no! I'll use Thaumaturgy to create the sound of a rushing group of us, but throw it-- happening, I'm going to move us off into the jungle in the other direction. "You can create "instantaneous sound that originates from a point of your choice within range--" This is a rumble, within 30 feet, a rumble of thunder-- I can't make it the cry of a raven-- "such as" is what it says. I'm making the sound of people rummaging through-- Yes, I'm pushing it away from us and moving us in that direction. Come on, man, not some sucky stuff. Ah! Not bad, 15. I'll take just barely today. I have something else, but I'd be curious if somebody else has something. My favorite saving throw. 18. Certainly not the weirdest. I've already done that as well. (groaning) Oh fuck, really? 16, she was 16. Ten. I, yeah. I have the ability to carry a large amount because of my size, can I piggyback and not get too much of a roll if I throw Caleb on my back? Okay. Oh man. I'll have Ya-- yeah, no, that's a better idea, because I was-- five hit points, maybe not. (sigh of relief) Oh my god-- Oh thank god-- Yeah, I'm just-- This is, yeah. That was a lot. (laughter) It's only a teacher if we actually learn from these mistakes-- I have a giant pile of stuff in the other room Can we ever not look? Yeah. I would be amenable at this point. There's more than one. There was more than one creature. We need three onyx eyes, three ivory eyes, three amber eyes. A creature of the sea, a creature of the air with fire-- MARISHA and I think the question really is what we're going to have to do about this. I mean, this is the direction that we're heading. This is what's being put in front of us. I don't know if running headlong into the next temple is the best option. I think maybe if you didn't find the answers you were looking for down in the water, maybe it's time to look somewhere else. All things considered, I think it would be best if we left on good terms. Let's get to port and restock, and that's when we'll figure out-- I don't know. Perhaps some sign of agreement to share information with the understanding that you're both working towards the same goals, and maybe it would be better to have two groups doing this instead of one. She's already said that she's sent people out to do this work. It wouldn't be that much different, I suppose. As opposed to what? To be honest, it would be worth actually following through with it anyway. She knows things that we don't. We get to find out. That's true. Is this some sort of pirate town? Jester's carving something into the bow of the boat and we don't know what. She's got the axe and she's moving it in a direction without looking. Are we now going to go and sleep and properly sleep? I think I'm going to go to sleep. I don't know about the rest of you. I'm going to pat him on the shoulder and, just for fun, cast Protection from Poison. You've got an hour. I don't mind it. I think I just have an issue with the things that are in it and being under it and I'm going to go to sleep and probably, yeah, throw up a little. I can't leave yet. We're going to figure out a way for you to breath underwater. It's going to be okay. Come on. A long rest. I'm very mixed about this whole thing. I have a passive perception of 18. Can I figure out what happened just by looking at him? Sleep well with your bad decisions. Rolling a d8, right? Six. Stop fighting a success! What do I get at level seven? And not a drop to drink. (background chatter)