Aw, damn it! I did it! Callous, 25 hit points! Already done, right there! A level three blood hunter earth elemental. Oh, no. Wait, wait, wait! No, leave it! Put it back, I want to do this properly. Lift, lift, lift. (laughter) I'm actually really impressed with this fucking character. Callous. It's good for your back, it's really true. Pillow. (laughter) No, everything's fine. They just do what they need to do. I just have to keep them clean. I have to take care of them or else they'll stop working, of course. They do actually, yeah. I've got to feed them some, well-- it's complicated. I don't like to go too deep into it, but I've got to use my bloodline on occasion. Actually, since we're already on the road, I should be honest, I wasn't entirely telling the truth when I talked to you that night. Oh, you're just a bundle of truth too, aren't you? I suppose it's only fair. I did tell you that these swords are special, and that they use the blood of my family to activate themselves. I know I might have said I was from a long line of priests, and-- I didn't kill my whole family. Our family were less the priests, and more the sacrifices. We may have stolen the swords and run. That's why I've been trying to keep a bit of a low profile when it comes to some of the authorities. It's been a long time, but I'd rather not run into them. Oh, I couldn't tell you. It was my parents, I was just wee by the time that happened. Oh, I hope not. I mean, it's been a long time. My parents never spoke of it. Somewhere out east. Well, it was a bit of a mess, but I just ended up there eventually. Just looking for a place where I could rest, I suppose? Well, I don't know you that well. That requires a drink. It's a good place to be if you want to run, but not run. Not that I've ever met. You know, I don't know. I never thought to ask. Apparently they needed us alive for it, so there was that. So I was told. It's not that bad, though, it doesn't leave a mark really. Oh yes, of course. It can come in handy. Oh yes. Of our bloodline, apparently. Well, I've cut a lot of people with them. Would you like to take a run at it? You could be lucky. I had a funny feeling. Could've been worth five copper on the open road at one point. Always could use a circus geek. That is a question. How do we get paid? There was talk of pay. I've got to say, there's worse ways to make a living. Nott the gnoll killer. I don't recall making that arrangement. You're so good at this. Oh, yeah. More donut for us. It's a very long barn. He seemed nice last night. I'll follow for this. Yes, please. I'll go in for this if it means a faster breakfast. Wow, that's an in-joke. I want to see if I see this. I don't, do I? Oh, yeah, I definitely don't see this. The frittatas are going to taste real weird. I'm going to walk over. Need a hand? We were part of this commotion last night. We were wondering if you need a hand with anything right now? I'm taking off my jacket. You going to rebuild, give him a fine plaque? Or, as another thought, since you were basically robbed, who were they? What happened? Has this happened before? We're all going to die now. You had a lot of meat, didn't you? Would you say that you offer a larger selection of meat than some of the other establishments in town? I feel like I've been robbed of the experience of your fine, fine meat products, and I, for one, would like you to rebuild so that I might try some of your meats. I'm going to take a look-- Is the friend who's dead skeletonized? Oh, burnt, okay. Where is this butcher that you mentioned as well? I think you were in the barbecue shack. It's like half a question, because you're wondering why it's called that at this point. At least wide. That's an idea. Don't pack up shop just yet, we're going to see if we can do something about these terrible creatures that have been roaming around. We are, perhaps, persons of action. She really will. It is a gesture, like Prince. When did we hire Tom Stoppard to write this? I couldn't deal. I feel like that was worth pointing out. Tiefling thing. It's new, then? It seems, from what we've seen, that they were hungry. I can understand that. I always love a ruin. Do I know anything about Yeenoghu? A religion check? 18. Thank you. One last quick question, though. What do the gnolls normally eat? Those buffalo creatures that we see roaming around? Good to know. I'm filing, I'm putting a wall between that. You're just made of secrets, aren't you? Just made of secrets. Do you need more copper? Are you all right? Okay, because I'll give you two copper if I get one of those pickles. I pass him the two copper. I know this may be a stretch, but do you have maybe any healing potions or anything like that? Or maybe-- this might be weird-- some kind of poisons maybe? For dealing with pests on a farm. That sort of thing. Think that will work on a gnoll? Stuff is stuff, it's bad for anybody. I guess. How much is it? What would that really-- If I were to drink that right now, what do you think that would do to me? Wow, really? Do you know about these sorts of things? That's very impressive. It was. I ate mine. It was quite good. Now we're just sharing the juice at this point. Juice is great! I asked that. Yeah, I did ask that. Wait, the Crownsguard? Really? We should ask Bryce for some healing potions. Take the cart? And get some meat from the butcher? It'll take a while to make the signage alone. That's fair. We could also see what they still have at the butcher's. Or we could see what else they still have at the butcher's. There's a butcher. Well, we just heard that, he might-- Extremely tactile. We're going to go get a horse, you don't need to be here for that. Let me tell you, Reggie, it would be the best deal you could possibly make. I'm going to use Charm Person. Thank you! Ignore her, she's very difficult. You're a hero. Thank you. I hand him a silver also. You said silver and we're being fair! If we come back, it comes back. Would my Hunter's Bane be useful for that? For tracking these creatures? Since they technically have some undead around them? Just a standard one? Standard survival check. All right. 17. In theory, am I actively tracking these creatures? The undead at least. I'm curious how much of this Hunter's Bane I can actually be using right now. He's sorry! That was nausea! Should we? What does Blessing of the Trickster do? I have advantage on "smealth," that's great. On "smealth." He who "smealth" it. We wouldn't have to kill the horse, we could just send the horse-- Sure. Recon. Answered my question. I was curious what flanking was. That helps. 16. I'm quietish. I'm going to draw one of my swords and, just out of experiment, try and get it to do that weird thing it did yesterday. With my hand. I'm going to stab the third one. I'll take my run first? That's a-- wow. 17. My brain. That's seven points, plus three radiant. Am I close enough to hit the third one that's still left with my second attack? Nein! Good shot. I'm also going to point out, they hadn't been eating the hyenas anyway, so maybe leaving bodies of their pets is not the greatest idea? That might be a smarter way to go. Oh dear. I'm going to keep a hold of my sword, but I'm going to wrap it in the coat so it's not glowing ridiculously. Mm-hmm. With advantage? Survival check. MARISHA and Yours was hand-crafted. I miss being low enough level that we just take everything we find, no matter how useful. We're going to be cracking open clay pots. Should I give it a little light, or no? That was so painful. There's limits. No! Oh, wow! Punch him in the balls. I think we might have lost the element of surprise. I also uncover my sword at this point, which gives off a little bit of light. I've also got a distance attack. I'm going to use Devil's Tongue on the one that just survived your hit. I'm going to use Vicious Mockery. In Infernal You will feed the dogs in hell. It takes 1d4 psychic, which is three points of psychic damage and has disadvantage on its next attack. Put them in the jar? LAURA and --Is now an ear jar. We look at the rope connected to the log. I was helping. Can I make a knowledge test to see if I would know what this is? Well, is this intelligence, or what would this be? I'm trying to think-- I might have come across this? Just an intelligence check? I'm trying to remember. 11? We can put them aside. We will be bringing them out of here. (whispering) Human, want a lantern? I haven't lit it yet. You can light it, I'll help. I'm one-handed, so I can't really help you light it. Anyone watching at home, the physics was really demanding on that one. Well, before we do that, we should remember to check for traps maybe. I certainly can't. No, I can't. I can't do any of that. I won't be able to find them. So true. Were there any traps? Hear, hear. Unless they knew that you would think that. Trap, trap. Do I still have advantage? That's okay. Nine. This is getting ridiculous. We know they go down very quickly. We can see now or try the other way. The longer we wait, the more things are coming. Be helpful! I'm going to creep out against the wall closest to me and try and hide in one of these coves. Over in the corner, as far as I can get into the-- Since I'm too far away for anything too crazy, I don't have a good bonus action. I will use my Devil's Tongue, I'll use Vicious Mockery on the gnoll that's currently in between-- not the one that's-- actually, the one that's furthest from us, because he's going to be the archer, and in Infernal I'm going to say I'm too disgusted to think of anything clever. So yeah, that's three psychic damage and he has disadvantage on his next attack. Natural 20. 23. I was 23. God, that's awful. I'm going to get a little-- Oh, can I do this? No, I can't do that. Fuck. I know, I'm so sorry. I should have my shit together. How far (counting)? Oh god, that's too far to walk. I'm going to try and get one little crevice. Actually, I'm going to hold my position. I'm so sorry. Hold my position and use one more Tongue on one of the other guys. Oh, so no. (coughs) and I'm holding. Does it hit the ball bearings? Oh, okay. I like to think that your lollipop makes Candy Crush sounds when it hits people. You lost a gnoll there. No, you've got a gnoll. You should have that looked at. It's so hardcore. I support. No advantage for engagement? I'm going to run up to these two and join the fray up here. First, I'm going to take a swing at the big guy. That's 16 to hit. And that's-- just using my normal one for this one. That's eight points of damage. Bonus action with the glowing sword goes down into the hyena. That's an 11 to hit? All right, and that's eight points of damage. No, this one was the glowing one. Oh, it was my main hand? Oh, okay. I didn't know how that. That would have been four. I would have flipped them if I'd known. I was going to say, I would have flipped them if I had known. I was going to hit the one that didn't have much left. Sure, I'll do it reverse next time. Blood Maledict on that fucker. Yeah, that don't hit. I'll also say I think we-- oh no, that's right, you're double. I can see this is going to end up with an Office parkour gif in your future. You just slap him in the face. He can't run anymore. That's so cool. That spell is so cool. Does Fjord get an attack of opportunity on it? That hits. I'm definitely going to take an attack of opportunity on that one. 14? Is this main hand? Eight points of damage. At disadvantage? I'm going to run down the stairs the opposite direction from the ball bearings. I'll see where I can get, if I can get 30 feet. I'm going to also use Vicious Mockery again and yell Shut up already! DC on that, it just says wisdom saving. Where is my spell DC? Well, it's weird, I'm not a spell-- My charisma modifier is zero. This is amazing! No, you'll still get disadvantage. Now you've got advantage. Cheers. I also like the idea of maybe giving the healing potion to the healer. Can you heal yourself without the potion? Oh, well all right then. That didn't really occur to me. Well, they make a lot of noise. They may not have noticed. I'd also like to join in on that with a religion check. The cult of Yeenogru. Mr. Magoo. Well, you know. Fake confidence. How are you feeling, Fjord? I'm not convinced that they don't still have people alive down there. Let's make a pile of these bodies, too. Just in case, maybe they think that they took each other apart. On the way out. I agree. All right. Yoplait. It's hard to remember. It's a lot of aggression, anger. Do I remember anything about either gender or that this would be-- Other than I just saw a lot of aggression and a feral aspect of this. Shall we go find out? Filled with pickled ears! Have you ever had pickled pigs' feet? They're in their own juices.