Ready! Which of these is-- The Naughty Pig. I know my West Hollywood bars, man. I'm especially impressed you found the list of West Hollywood bars on D&D Beyond. That's an obscure crowd. Never an accident. I'll be toward the back, I guess. Yeah, might be a good idea. I'm also going to-- I'm going to politely ask the local greenery and let them know that we're going to be coming through and that we're going to try not to disturb them so long as nothing disturbs us. Yeah, have to. Well, I mean, I got to talk to a couple of trees and let them know that we're coming through. Thank god for that plus ten because that was terrible. 15. Shh. If you want to hear it, you have to listen for it. You hear that? What're you hearing, then? Exactly, yeah. It's good. All right. I'm keeping an eye out. Oh, and Frumpkin. I'm keeping an eye around as well. It might have been the loss of your Samson-like powers. Sure. That is a really good idea. All right. Well, we have a choice here. You're harder to see, I suppose, so there's that. I'll come up with you, though. I'm going to poke up and put my head in as well. There's no trap doors? Nowhere where anybody could be hiding? I was just curious immediately if there was anything I notice; I wasn't going to-- I was going to look around. Actually, if you're doing that, I'll look around the outside to see if anybody's watching us. 27. Nothing's really watching. All right. I don't know. Has the bed been slept in? Does it seem like someone's been here recently or is this abandoned, do you think? What? Oh! Well, I'll put my head in. 16. 12, sorry. Huh. Does look dangerous to you? Yeah. Sure. I'm going to take a step back. Be my guest. Cherry, cherry, cherry. Well, that's just sad, that's, yeah. I mean, that'd be nice, wouldn't it? Yeah, I'll see if I can start the muck going in here and maybe get a nice little indoor terrarium, I don't know what will happen. That's already better. There are some maps in with the compass-- just some tools? All right. All right, I-- you know, okay, sure. We can do that. Telling who what? It'd look even better with the golden snake thing. I mean the whole thing comes together nicely. Magic feather. Maybe it makes you fly, maybe it makes you molt. There's all sorts of things feathers could do. She was really nice. We didn't look anything alike, but yeah she was very nice. I'm much taller. 17. Are the insects really not bothering him at all? Just out of idle curiosity-- I'm going to very quickly cast Eyes of the Grave. Anything undead within 60 feet is going to glow and I'm going to get a little glow off anything that registers as undead. At some point when I can get to Fjord quietly, at some point. Natural 20. I'm going to crawl up to Fjord in the line at some point. Been keeping my eye out, getting the lay of the land and Jamedi is not quite alive. It's not quite alive. I don't think it's an appropriate moment to bring something like that up, but it's worth-- Yeah, it's not quite alive. If anything, I feel like I'm exercising an enormous amount of willpower just not to-- I mean, just doesn't seem like we're in-- there's a good advantage to dealing with this now. But, yeah, there's something weird there. Oh, I'm keeping an eye on it. Yeah. That was sort of my fault. I apologize. Bugs! How do they work? Yeah. Wait, I'm going to stop you because I see what you're doing. You're probably not going to get anything off him, but he's got an undead vibe that I've been picking up. I feel you. It's been making me pretty creeped out, to be honest, but I'm trying to hold together and keep chill. Chill. Lots of chill. It's hot, but-- You're really going-- Let me know what you see and we'll compare notes later. I've got both, but it's best applied when needed, really. There's only so much to go around. (normal volume) This is my whisper voice. That's fair. We'll be in the middle just in case things go wrong. I'm pretty heal-y. If we get into an altercation, I'll pop both of you as quickly as possible. Yeah-- this is great. I'll take one. 21. I'll pop in the occasional low-level Light cantrip as far away from us as possible, just popping every now and then, if I think I see something. They didn't bring any tents for us. Mr. Caleb, want to take a walk, maybe? Really quickly around this thing, get a gander at it? Oh, then I'll just report back in a minute. No, that's okay, better safe than sorry. I'll let you know when I see. Oh, I'd love company, actually, just in case. We'll take a look around this thing, and I also want to cast another Detect Undead, while we're walking. I'm going to take a walk around this little ruin. I'm going to have the little Light spell up, see if there's any writing on anything, any carvings. I'm going to have Eyes of the Grave up again. I'm going to be looking for any undead. You roll too, maybe. 12. Couldn't figure what it's a temple to, or any--? And nothing from the Detect Undead? Other than what I already expect to see? What I expect to see is still giving off a little glow, right? 60 feet, although I will say divination magic would also blind me to that, and if it was full cover, I would possibly not see it as well. 17. The funny thing is-- Ten. I mean, come on. And I need to make a constitution saving throw? 15. 17. I'm going to yell for help and then I'm going to-- Help! Then I'm going to tap my staff to wake up my beetles as my bonus action. My beetles are going to make a bite attack on that. I actually have that information now thanks to the update. On D&D Beyond. So that's a swarm attack, they have a bite. That's plus three to hit, I believe. That's a 13. Okay. That's okay. Well, they're in the space right now. I'm panicking, so this is going to be fun. I'm going to start making a weird, awful sound, and I'm going to start getting even paler and a little gaunter, and I'm going to grab it and I'm going to cast-- I'm so panicked-- Vampiric Touch. So since I'm in contact with it-- Melee spell attack. What is a melee attack here? Okay, plus eight. 20. Oh man, this is mean. That's 3d6. That's (counting) ten points of necrotic damage and I regain five hit points. Help! That is, unless I can try and move away. I'm going to try and half my movement to get up. I'm going to back up against you. Will he get an attack of opportunity? Okay, perfect. That way if you get poisoned, I can un-poison you. Cool. Both clerics. Why did both clerics go on a hunting mission? Yeah, we're so dumb. 20. Why is it advantage? Oh, goddamn it. Yeah, that hits. That also hits. 12. How do you have that spray and the snakes in the same-- that's just so much. Help! I'm standing. I'm kind of still standing. It was my own fault. I was suspicious. So there's a stunned one behind me? A stunned one on one side of me and a not-stunned one on the other. I'm going to hit the stunned one with the Vampiric Touch. I'm at four. It lasts. That's 17? That was close. Seven points of damage. So I get three back? So now I am at seven hit points. Now I'm going to vanish. I'm going to disappear. I'm going to turn invisible. Yeah. I'm going to circle around and back off. Yeah. Then take a couple steps back. See if anything happens. That misses. I'm going to get a little further out. I'm not going to go off the board or anything. That's fine. 13. I'm going to gather in and keep an eye out before I come back into visual-- I'm about to become visible again. Are we what? Uh. Thank you. I'm going to Cure Wounds. Yeah. I'll start them going too, so that wont be a thing for very long. TRAVIS and What? No need to yell, that's all right. We were just looking at the temple, trying to get an idea of what it was. Yeah, that may have been a poor call. I definitely feel like I've learned-- I think I need to pass out. One ounce owl. It's the best band. All right. Yeah. Wolfstar is a total space cowboy. Thank you, wolfstar! Please tell me you've got Pass Without a Trace up? Thank you. Are you even here? 15. Who's got the mote this morning? Who moted? Who dodeca-ed? I will not say no to it. I don't know-- oh. (laughter) Oh yeah, I'm feeling fine. Why? You seem a little-- You sure? I can do a-- Does she look okay? 22. You don't look okay. Are you sure-- you really don't look okay. Well. I'm just offering something medicinal. No. You're clammy and-- Hold on. You should take this. Take a look at this, just want to take a look. Smell it, does it smell bad? It's a clever distraction. I'm touching her and casting Lesser Restoration. Don't think I've never done this before. I apologize. That's weird, though. You really don't look okay. Just for fun, really quickly-- Just out of curiosity, one check for undead really quickly. No. Does Eyes of the Grave show anything here? Okay. All right. I did what I can. Does it seem contagious? You joke, but like a third of our people are down. It's very empty out there. Too much for me. Yeah, just be careful what you touch for a little while, we need-- But without you, they're not going to be as sneaky. We have to stay together if we're going to want to be super stealthy. Together probably is better. Or for that matter, if we can't speak to them? Stealth with a couple emergency back-up snake looking people. We all have to move together. That's if they see us. If they don't see us, it doesn't matter what they look like. Specifically he was not telling you, because I knew you were going to panic. I just know things. I don't know what it means. I was trying to find a moment to figure out if you knew, or if we should tell you, or if this was part of some sort of plan. I hadn't figured it out, and for some reason, I had not realized that I was walking around with a bunch of gossips. Well, it's what I get, I suppose, for trying to be sneaky about things. I've been doing my best not to be thrown by it. It seems like he's been standing up all right. This is why I was trying to keep it on the down-low. I knew that certain members of the party may get a little excited. I, myself, had a moment of panic. Had a moment of panic myself. I've been keeping it contained. No, there's a dead guy walking around with us. That's unsettling. That's unsettling to my very core, I've got to admit, but you know. It's an improvement, at the very least. How many fingers am I holding up? Oh. I forgot to-- I'm really distracted right now. I don't know why I bother. Mm-hmm. 26. A most expeditious movement towards the temple, I suppose, would be the-- I'm going to walk forwards first to peek in because I look like a snake. All right. That's terrible, 11. (sigh) Sacred Flame. Back door? I'm going to quickly grab two arrows from one of the dead lizards and stick them in his chest, and I'm going to walk out. I want to go-- yeah. Hey! It makes a grab for her? Blindness. I'm going to blind him before he grabs her. Constitution 16. Ah, god! 17. I mean. (singing and whistling) Something's out there. Yes! Everybody. 17. Oak, mahogany, rosewood. TALIESIN and Does it look like a trap door to me? All right. I got a 12. Okay. And it doesn't look like it moves? Let's get in. We're all going to get in. Come on. I'll join this one, as well. 25. So I keel over mysteriously dead. Just kidding! Sorry. No, all right, cool. I'm closing, slowly. Who's rubbing my elbow? It's weird. Oh, yeah, that's so true. Tomorrow's a long day.