I want a Fanta-core right now. What flavors does the Fanta-core come in? I say we sleep upstairs. Pull the rope up, that way we'll have plenty of time if we hear them coming back up. With the warning system, we'll have plenty of time to get away if there's too many of them and they'll have no way up if we pull the rope up. People will keep watch. That way we'll have an early warning before they even manage to crawl their way up. Kitten kebab. I'm going to activate one sword, hold it behind my back, sit at the edge, and wait to give a swing. See if anything is going to pop up. Just a standard attack, or standard and bonus? Two strikes or one strike? That's awful. 11? And an eight. Someone hit something. Yay. I'm staying on guard in case anything else comes through. Instead of putting another wire down there, you could leave Frumpkin down there, and he can alert us if there's any problem. If we hear anything, we're going to charge down there. They'll be fine. Mention that they should clean up the bodies. This I can confirm. On the way down, I smack Caleb a bit on the back and say Well done, she likes you! And head down. Amvivious. Are you going to be all right with Caleb going without you? We're going to be one down, then. Is that the sound of Pass Without a Trace? Like Ed Wynn getting tickled. Oh my! Super fast in the water. I bet they're really fast in the water. But probably not as fast as they are. I'm of the opinion that the problem with this bottleneck is we don't know what they are doing on the other side. It would be easier to assess what's coming and make sure that they can't-- if we take care of everything there, then we can assess what's there and they can't prepare or get more together. Have time to-- I feel like over there is the way to go. We'll stay together in a group. I'll leave my coat here. I'm not dragging that into the water. That's a very nice sling thing. It'd be a shame if anything happened to it. Are you sure you're not coming? One quick attack, or do we try and take them out quietly? I assume-- well, we'll take a look at what it is. If they don't see us, then we get the sneak attack. And if they do-- We'll see what we see. 16. I am so excited. I didn't think I'd enjoy this quite so soon. Do we want to try and do a clockwise attack? Knock them out as we go? Seven. Molly, Caleb. Marshmallow in the center. Oh my god. And then it was like nope! I feel your pain. Okay, I'm going to run, I'm going to use my bonus action to activate one of my swords. Technically, that would have still been activated, so shit, that's right. Yeah, I'm going to use my bonus action to activate the other one, too. I'm going to see if I can make it to that little hill over there. I'm going to attack the one that's right in front of Fjord. Yes, so I'm going to do two attacks plus a hasted attack. That's 17. That hits, one does not, and then my third attack is a 16 that also hits. That's eight points of damage. And nine points of damage. I am using the d6's. That's the end of my turn. SAM and That was three attacks, one missed. She rolled a natural 20 for her other roll. Murder it. Wait, no, it's a saving throw, right? Oh, it's a dex saving throw? Never mind, sorry. That makes me sad. That hits. 17. That is with the plus two. I'm an AC of 15. I am easy target. The other person, I'm casting Curse of the Eyeless on the second. That does not hit. Curse of the Eyeless. And I take my three points of damage. With disadvantage? Okay, that hits. The Eyeless. I am yelling Fjord! I am going to take a swing at the one that's looking a little rough. I believe it's that one, yeah. Oh my fucking god. 11. 24. Nine points of damage. Still standing? I'll swing again. 23. Ten points of damage. I'm literally just a windmill at this point. Then spinning around, I go right to face the other one and I'm going to take my last attack against it. Nope. I don't even know why I'm bothering. You fucking arsehole. Oh god, that looked like a one for a moment. Sevens are scary. No, it was a seven. I was just staring at it going oh no. Yeah you did, you're right. Nah. I don't even know why I bother. Shite. Yeah, I suppose we're doing-- yeah. Running to the Yasha creature. I'm going to run through the water. Speed's doubled. That doesn't matter, then. Actually, here's an interesting thing, is-- oh, god, yeah. I don't want to be in the water, so I'm going to stay on that little patch of land so I don't get-- All right, first two rounds. That's a 14 and a natural 20. So the natural 20 is double the dice? All right. Eh. That's nine. And the other one is 11. Third and fourth. That's-- one of them misses, but the other one's 19, the other one hits, the other one is ten. That's better. 11 points of damage. I'm going to use my bonus action-- Oh, I did, for the attack! Never mind. Never mind. That's literally everything I can do. So irritating. Two. Two hit points. That's two kittens, man. Oh god, does that mean I-- oh, shit. I'm out for a round, aren't I? I'm pleased. Holy cow. I'm going to (retching), and throw up for a second, because I got vertigo because I lost Haste. And that's my turn. Can you move while you're not blinked, by the way? Yeah, there was a “whoa” there. We will all get yelled at on the internet if we're wrong. Yes, I do. Is it possible to make a leap across some of water at the very least to try and get back to land? That's a ten? I'm going to also then use my action to dash. And I'm within range? I'm going to use my bonus action-- Okay, that's fine. Wait. Double check, because I thought that's just using my off-hand. That's okay, I've got options. Sort of. Okay. That’s fine. I'm going to try something weird, hold on. Since that's not going to work, can I take Enthrall? I'm going to take Enthrall. I'm going to try and use Enthrall. Yeah, that's true. I'm trying to see. It might be it. Yeah, it's an action, never mind. Vicious Mockery. Oh my god, everything is an action. I have no bonus actions or anything reasonable that I can do. I'm in melee. That's fine. That alone. Very shallow. Really hot Instagram account, though. Take ten feet to the right. I can't-- Well, it depends where the cube goes. If he wants to escape, he's got to knock us all back. It's going to be the two of us, I think. Yeah, that's my money. So it gets an attack of opportunity from-- I'll join you. Oh, wow. Oh god no. Is the staff that the-- We grabbed it before it sank. I'll take a look in there. I'll walk towards the pool at the very least. I'm going to pick up any of the Moonweaver pieces. I'm not entirely sure, but they're very, very nice. Also 11. It looks like a door. His symbol is a door? I would say so. What do I find for the Moonweaver? You did check for traps, right? I'm going to sit back and watch. Again! That looks very exciting. I'm going to run over-- Yeah, nope, no-- I'm pushing aside. I'm going to try the weight. Perhaps. I give it a swing. It's worth more as it is. Archeart? In general. Is there one more box we haven't opened? You should check for traps and open it. In theory, we've moved it aside. Oh, let's put that in the pile. Let's put that in the pile, too. Roll initiative. It was in a case, so I suppose it would be unlikely. Or if it was on its way somewhere, it was probably on the way to the other end of it. Mr. Caleb. (maniacal laughter) You're going to get yours, oh yes. I'll be living the dream. Yeah, check to see if there's a scar or anything. Yes. LAURA and Roll for initiative. I'm going to walk up and take a look at this pool one more time. I want to taste the water; is it fresh or salt? It's sea water. Why were they bringing religious iconography to this thing? What were they trying to do with it? I'm going to push his head underneath the water. Anything? Tap three times when you're done. Push him under. We're even for the teleport now. Of course, it's possible it hasn't actually had an effect on you yet, either. That doesn't make any sense. Is this about whales? This place is definitely making me nervous. We should do our best to cut off this particular flow-through. I think they were trying to activate it. They were trying to please it. Let's leave it exactly where they're supposed to be so we did our job. We're working for the smugglers. We'll put it back in the safe house. You know, yeah. He wants to do this. See if it does anything. That's fair. If it's possible, I would love to cave this thing in. I don't think they're going to come up once we're out of here. They'd have to dig through. Mind like a steel trap. I don't have any. No, I don't have any. We did. We did check them. There's lots you can do with manacles. And to rifle through their pockets, I imagine. MATT, SAM and You want swamp things? This is how you get swamp things. Been a while. We're done, we're heading out. That was a great roll.