I've been enjoying the crossover of a whole bunch of Critical Role fans going, "Who's "Logic?" and then a whole bunch of Logic fans going, "What's Critical Role?" I was like, this is going to be a train wreck of happiness. I'm so excited. Ah, there's dragons! Put it back! Ah, too much! Let me see that. We are a target. I think we need somewhere safe to talk. I think there's a lot of things we need to cement up. No, obviously not. We need privacy. Not me, no secrets, open book. Does your husband know? Does he not know? So he knows you're alive. He'll know you. Nott, you ran and got help and here we are. It's the right thing to do. We're here to help. We're here now. We just have to take some time, think carefully and slowly. We can do something about this, but you're going to have to trust us and you're going to have to be careful because if we move too quickly, we're just going to go running the wrong direction and alone. And you need help. Would it help if we cleared your head? Well, if you need a minute to be here, we maybe sift some of the contents of that flask out of you for a little while. Just for a minute. You can get back to it when you need it, but for now, maybe impulse may not be your friend right now. I'm going to try and do that. We had a brief conversation about that last week. Yeah. I have to know what it is. I have to be going for it. I am so sorry. Sometimes the truth takes a little while to get there. Yeah. Maybe somewhere where we can sleep, too. We know that there are tunnels. Well, maybe we should find somewhere in town to hold up, and we'll keep you out of sight. What's your husband's name? I think, perhaps, if we're going to, we should come together with a game plan. I think it would be respectable if people thought that someone was looking for Yeza in his interests. People will be less suspicious if we're asking questions about someone who disappeared, if we were perhaps hired by a trust fund of your son or otherwise, and this is something that is owed to him. It's just business; we don't have to let them know it's personal. That's a lot. You can take your time. As you're ready. I'll also say, we can start the wagon up, and I can drive and keep an eye out. If you're all inside the wagon, no one's going to see any of you. It may be, in the end, safer staying in town. People staying in the woods seem like they're trying to avoid something, and there's a lot of soldiers. If you're on business, you go to town, even if the town's a little rough. We'll keep going around. When it's time to go, I think maybe we go into town and get a room. Maybe make a little bubble in the room, if we have to. We're going to take a scenic route. I'll take a long time, and if I see people, I'm not going to drive towards them. It was very brave. Anywhere west, really. Not a bad idea. I don't know if necessarily crossing the border is the way to go, but at least going further inland. Safe as anything. That's not a bad idea. Send a letter. Ask Bryce if they can take care of this. I imagine, if we pack a few gold in. It's not much to find some room and board for a couple people. Or send word. Stop. Stop. I mean, that's what you would do if you're doing the telegram. Stop. LAURA. Right. Okay. I'm going to cast Sending. Signed... oh. Water in the ear. It's nothing. I also want to get a sense of things, so we're going to take a lazy meander around the area. I want to get a sense of where things are, get a map in my head, and I'm going to be paying very close attention. No, on the outskirts. I'm going to keep going around until they... That's okay, it's all right. Eight. Wait, no, I'm so sorry, that's wrong. 13. All right. Does it look like they've discovered the tunnels, or no? That'll be for civilization; that's cool. I'm on the lookout, and I will let anybody know if anyone's within 60 yards. I think I'm listening, but I'm not doing a very good job of it. Because I'm-- (whispering) Shut up, Travis. Uh, yeah. I'll have some if someone's making something. (laughter) Very off-camera. Hey, if you all don't stop arguing, I'm going to turn this cart right around. I don't know if you were arguing, I've just always wanted to say that. Man! I'm going to start heading back to town regardless; it's getting cold. It's like you two have been reading Tumblr. This is so-- Sorry, carry on. Wait, what? You trying to find out if someone's alive? I can do that. Moms gone wild. What? Hmm? I would just-- I have a little ritual in the morning, meditate on it, see if I can feel anything tugging in some direction; and I couldn't know much, but I could know something. It's a divine force, but I don't think that it would-- Well I mean, I'd have to sleep. I couldn't know much. But I could maybe, at the very least, give you a yes/no. Maybe. Well I'm happy we're coming to town to talk to this famous alchemist and this has really thrown something into our plans. I don't know what-- Do people throw monkeys into plans? What do people throw? A wrench? Yeah, this has wrenched our monkey. Hmm, not a bad idea. I'm already heading that way. I think I've still got a little bit of time on my shaggy redhead. Wait, no. Am I out now? Crownsguard is probably our best bet if some of the people we're looking for happen to be still missing in the aftermath, then? All right. This is going to sound weird, but is there a florist around? Or anybody who deals with exotics? Exotic herbs, plants, or otherwise. Something exciting. I'm looking forward to a little quiet. I need something. It's nice to have something complicated to use to focus myself. Mm. Not quite, but yeah. Anything. Preferably some sort of flower or living plant but if it's-- The notion is, I'm looking for something that is a testament to the abilities of the Wildmother, so anything that is a gift from her to us. Something impressive, something beautiful, something tasty. I've never tried honey. I don't know if it would work, but that's interesting. I usually tend to stick a little closer to the source. I also don't really necessarily know how I would perform the ritual with honey. I honestly don't know the difference between molasses and honey. Tree poop and bee poop. That might be interesting, but I think I should probably see if there's anything around, possibly. I'm not sure how that relates, but that is a very beautiful feather. Do you want to roll? Okay, no. I'll roll it because my investigation is amazing. Here we go. Come on. Ah! That's a natural 20. That brings me to a-- that's a 19, then. I'm hoping to find an orchid or something. Something interesting. It's as if you knew what I was doing. Thank you. (laughs) Thank you, and here goes 25 gold. That's all I needed to do, really. That was my pre-game. That soldier was totally hitting on you. He wasn't even here when the fighting happened. He was lying. Sorry. So brave. Sorry. Oh, oh! Is there a furniture maker in town? Because I really would like to ask them questions about that chair. I'm done, I'm done! I'm good. This is my attempt to rally everybody. It worked. I swear. Don't look at me like that, jesus. Oh god, there's just dicks over there, I don't know what to do. Just potential dicks, now. That's better. Kryn? Still, we should at least investigate this lead now, and tomorrow, if we don't know what's going on, I can-- and I warn you, I will do this, but I'm going to get a little exhausted doing it-- I can at least give us some sense of what's ahead. It could hurt. Let's take a look at these tunnels. I'm actually very curious about this. We'll get a little food and then we'll check it out by night. It wasn't our intention, but things being what they are, this seems to be the new reality of the world, doesn't it? I can walk through stone. I mean, I'd want to know where I was going, and I can only go alone. I would imagine so as well. Just honey all the way back. TRAVIS and We should have this conversation in here, because I want to take a look around in this thing. Yeah, they offered us. Light. It's all in the stone. I mean, yeah. Unless anybody's got an objection. No, I'm just walking. Oh, is that true? Oh. I didn't know that. Well, I don't have that as an option right now, anyway. There's no marking on it? This is an obviously organically-carved tunnel? The footprints going in and out, there's nothing-- Wow. Never really done one of those. 19. In both directions? All right. Interesting. Very interesting. They were definitely in here and they definitely left this way. My radar? What do you mean? Detect Magic. Nothing, really. Just for fun, because we can, Eyes of the Grave, too. Just for fun. No? I figured. Nothing. We could message. In the morning, and I can't guarantee this, but we'll at least know if he's alive and maybe a sense of whether or not he's above ground or below ground and that'll certainly inform our decision. Maybe. I'll glean what I can but, it's a soft process. I'm going to try something really quickly, just for fun. I'm going to use Thaumaturgy really quickly and I'm going to broadcast a low bass chant and I'm going to throw it as far forward down that tunnel as I possibly can to see if I can get some sort of vibration coming back that they can hear. I'm going to start throwing this (low bass humming). If there's air to vibrate or I'm making sound in solid rock as a boosting of your-- It may not work. Trying to use some sort of nature theory here. You can get really loud. That's the question, is can I get loud enough to hear myself like if I was trapped in there? Or am I-- yeah. Straight wisdom check. 13. (low rumbling noises) Honestly? I'm going to try and see and cut it off to see if there's an echo coming through the rocks, basically, in that split second. Into it! 18. How deep are we underground right now? Okay, cool. I'm just going to do that. I'm not going to inform anybody of anything that just happened and be like Okay, I'm good. Thank you for that. Wow. That was good. I tried to get a sense if there was something beyond that. I don't know, I got a hint of something. I think maybe there's something past that wall. I can't know that until dawn. If we do decide to go that direction, I think that there is definitely a chance that we could dig far enough and deep enough to make passage. We'll know tomorrow. Does make one wonder why they haven't done that yet. This is all very confusing. Do we want to poke this thing tonight, or do we not? Not the tunnel. I mean-- We have an object. We have another object. Maybe we haven't really-- I mean, I doubt that we really understand what we have, but-- I mean, we have these things right now. I kind of do. I suppose. I'll follow the group, but-- -- I'm here because where I was, I was out of options. We've definitely found some options. I don't know what they mean yet, but I went looking for them, and here we are. That's right. Has been for a while. The forest that surrounds it, the corrupted forest, is overtaking it as if the magic that held it in place is being supplanted. I'm of the opinion that that shouldn't be happening. There are several other-- we're not the only site like our own. We haven't had much communication with the other sites, so I don't know if it's happening anywhere else. I wouldn't even know who to send it to. We're supposed to protect that place, and I was running out of ideas. My family. Oh, lots. I mean, depending on when and where. Members of my family and others have been protecting that place for as long as it has existed. We built the temple. We founded it. No, they all left. Yeah, and none of them have come back. Not really. I feel like she would let me know if I needed to know. That's not an answer I really want the-- that's not an answer I'm looking for right now. I'm sure you understand. Best to have faith and not second guess how she's decided to move forward. If I recall, Corin talked about trying to find some of the other temples, but I don't know. No one's come back. When you came around, I had an inkling that it was supposed to be my job to do this from the beginning and that I had been shirking my duties. You all seemed like a very good sign that it was time to take some responsibility. Those who knew me called me Geoff. (laughter) It's a good name. Spelled it with a "G." I've got nothing to hide. "G". What's wrong with you? Don't even-- Now I have anxiety. I may not sleep tonight, now. It's a lot of pressure to put on a person. Oh, this is caffeinated. I'm going to be up all night. Yeah. I just want home back. I want to know that it's safe again. You're always welcome where I live. Until you're ready for something else. What is their real name? You've been lying. You don't even have a leg to stand on. (groaning) Here to bring the awkward. I'm going to find an appropriate spot somewhere quiet, somewhere with a view, somewhere where the Wildmother's work is well at hand. Mm-hmm. You've entirely thrown me. Yeah, I was going to basically go for the same thing I did last time, if that still suits. Unless you would like me to shift a little bit, for your own-- A goal? Hmm. Yessa. I want to make sure I'm getting the name right, right? Yeza. I sit, make my circle. What is Yeza's destination? Pushing a few days forward. Ghor Dranas. That's all I have. Probably. Seems silly to move someone who isn't. We may get lucky if we go into the tunnel. They may still be preparing at some point to head in that direction. They're not there yet. They haven't made it that far yet, though. It's where they will be, not where they are. The north is looking interesting. I think trouble's going to close up on us, no matter what. I feel like it might be a sign. We've got a cart. I'm not even kidding a bit. I'll also say, it's not the worst of the war right now, is Ghor Dranas? That's past it. It's the war room. Also, in tunnels built for war. That's the thing. There's no fighting the war. We don't have to. That's the thing. It's really not about that, though, is it? I'm also, I will admit, not feeling very positive about the tunnels. But we should take a look because the other option is the cart. I believe you gave them quite a bit of money. There's probably people coming and going on most of these roads who are used to moving people across. Scarred for life! You're good with kids, I imagine. Yep. Total. Do you want advantage on that, or do you want me to join you? All right. Trying to be good about this. That's 17. No elves, all right. Not with intense gravitas. I assume that we live in a Liefeld universe where as you're born, you accumulate pockets slowly all over you. All the way down the ankle, yeah. I'm so sorry, I'm all out. Let's head to the tunnel and if that doesn't pan out, we'll start heading north. We honestly first have to even see if it's possible to get in there. I have a funny feeling that this is less of a "we can walk all the way to Albuquerque" as more as a there's possibly something down there or they're still in there that's just a little bit of a-- I don't think they've been moving the whole time. We pinged something in the center cave and we just needed to reconvene before we came back to take a look at it. Actually, he'll keep talking like this if we don't get him to work. I don't know how that-- I don't really-- I'm on you. Fjord and I-- We don't really know what this is going to look like yet. We're all going in. Are you going to be all right? What's big? A tiny gopher? Wait a minute? Can you make people bigger? Can you make a honey badger bigger? Wait. Don't be an elk. You rolled really well, though. Hit the view-- yeah, there you go. I get lost in here, so, I feel it. I'm going to cast Bless on the honey badger just to see if that will help. I'm going to Bless the honey badger. I'm going to start tapping on the walls of that tunnel-- Well, no. That tunnel's really thin. If we can-- And Bless! Add your plus four; your d4. Minecraft! No! I'm not-- I don't know where we are. You'd have to flip around and come back, I suppose. Do not send the cleric into the pit of the unknown! We have all the dumb shit we shouldn't have. At the last second. I'm going to be the last one. Who's the last one going through the tunnel before we head over? Yeah. We've just gotten access to a small pocket that we're just going to check out, make sure everything's safe and appropriate. We'll have a full report once we've finished taking a look inside and we'll be delivering it. But in the meantime, let's not cause any undue panic. We'll let you know, or we'll make some noise if anything dangerous is down there. It still could not be safe. You're welcome to come, but I'm not sure if it's going to be-- I can't guarantee any safety beyond this point. Okay, thank you. Okay, that's a 20. Thank you, sir. I appreciate everything that you do and-- If things go real wrong, you'll definitely hear us. I'll make sure that he's quiet, because we don't mind losing him. I appreciate that. Crazy like a badger! (badger noises) I'm into it. Mm-hmm. Out of curiosity, those crystals feel utterly natural, right? It just feels like those were not-- All right. Seven. All right. I'm thinking about Detect-- Nah. Just before we move on, is anyone bothered by these crystals? Is this-- I'm a little out of my element, which is surprising to say. It's difficult, because we don't really understand how they work. All right. Let's all prepare to be a little confused by whatever we find. We're going to be way out of our element. MATT and If we start to hear something. Aww. Tourist trap. Let's go. We're going to take a long rest at some point. I mean, we're moving, but we're going to obviously have to sleep. We might find a portal down here, you don't know what's here. A tiny subterranean boat filled with gummy bears. Three. Constitution modifier auto-adds. I'm already going for it. I'm doubling the range of my spellcasting. Yep. I want to be able to heal from a great distance. "When you cast a spell that requires you to make an attack roll, the spell's range is doubled. Your ranged spell attacks ignore half cover and three-quarter cover. You learn one cantrip that requires an attack roll, choose the cantrip from the Cleric or Druid spell list. Your spellcasting ability for this cantrip is wisdom." Oh, really? Oh, that may change my decision, then. Or like Bane or Bless, it doesn't help. Okay, that changes things. I may play with that. I've literally taken it twice already. I mean, I had options, but I don't remember what they are off the top of my head. It's the thief of one-shots. Or the vending machine is running against him.