Before all that, I'm going to be talking about comic books in that same room at the Wednesday Club. Bit of a pain in the ass. Sleep, yes. Too good. A total stranger would also be very useful. Someone short. Right there, patrician! That's perfectly fair right there. Yes! See? One problem already solved. That's too many new options. This is going to pay off at some point in the future. Yes? Did Yasha take off? Well, yeah, she sleeps. Yeah, she does that. She's good. She's just got some personal issues that's she's going through. It takes time. I assure you; she's worth it. She'll be back in her own time. Are you sure? Yeah, no, please, let's not start calling names! Thaumaturgy to close the windows, maybe? This is terrifying, but I think the three most even-keel, normal of us should go to the meeting. I don't think that the three of us necessarily would be appropriate company. This works for me. I don't know. There's so many options! Are there any candy stores? There are stores that specifically sell candy? We could be. (laughter) That's assuming the money shows up in time. I have not actually seen this Pumat, so I would love to actually take a look. Or with us, we're going to go shopping. Oh, hello, Molly, hello. Pleasure, charmed. If it's all right, I'm going to peruse a bit. Extremely accommodating. All of them. What are you going to put in it? Yes, please clean it. Please. It was starting to-- it has a brine. I've been doing a perusal, by the way. Is there anything that's caught my eye in this--? Make an investigation check. It's hard to concentrate, 13. Sure. Interesting. All right, that's interesting. The final piece that I noticed? Wow. We all do. That's a great plan. What did we each make off of-- Okay, so I did. So I can technically afford this. I'd love to see that heart locket if you don't mind. This thing. Pleasure to meet you. I was looking at this piece right here. They tend to sort of heal themselves, though. This is quite nice, oh yeah. You know what? I think I'm going to treat myself, I'm going to take it. I feel like I've earned something, we've had a good run of it, and I have never spent this much money on anything in my life. I pass 150 gold. Just Molly to my friends. This is wonderful. I'm going to add it to my other necklace. I feel, it's right to my heart. Right there. Yeah, I've been looking in the little mirror, trying to get the height right. Can I? Oh, that's right. Fine. This is good. Okay. We'll be back. It went back to a 20. To be fair, they make pornographic cakes there, so it's all right. Heaving. TALIESIN and Good skirt around there, by the way. Well done. We were all in high school once, it's okay. I thought were going to go for Mighty Nein sponsorship at the Nook. I didn't think to ask. Honestly. Not that I remember. Oh god, no, not my stuff. That'd be ridiculous. My stuff's worthless. Well, you know. Some people have needs. It happens. Just keep an eye on your things and make sure you always know how much money is in your purse. That was a sniper shot. That's a very good idea. We can be very distracting. How were his shoes? Like nice loafers? Insight check, watching this? 16. What are-- no, never mind. Well, that'll work then. Ah, yes. Table one. Wow. Allow me to collect my additional notes. Should've picked up a copy. I was trying to go "before you jump into the ring with Muhammad Ali" type of thing, but Muhammad Ali isn't here. You come from being touched by some kind of primordial chaos magic, something powerful, strange, creative, and bizarre. You've recently had everything turned upside down-- And have started a new path. The path you are walking is not the one you were expecting. It's not the one you're going to find. It's true! You are walking towards some destiny. Just not the one you're expecting. I only did three cards. Thank you. To be fair, you would tell a random person they have a booger on their nose. That is a very good question. I second that question. I've never done anything for free in my entire life. Getting in would be a little tricky, you'd have to get by the guards. I can work with this plan. Oh, you want to set some sort of trap or example for her? Sure. This seems a little unfair. Sure. Do we want to put down some ball bearings? I've got a big bag of them. That'll do. 11. Right! Nott, dear? Why don't you tell the nice man the truth? Devil's Tongue. Probably should just tell him what you were really looking for. What for? It's fine, no one's in trouble. I mean, we can help save you, that's what friends do. Any of us who get more powerful can help you. I think we can all do that. We're all friends. It's not going to last, you do know that. It's not going to last. Well, enjoy it while you have it. We're going to try and keep both of you alive. Remember, Nott, that next time you try and do this and if that letter goes missing again, I can do this to you again. I give her just enough of a knock on the head to break the spell. That was very interesting. Oh, I don't know. People are strange. Anyone who looks like us, you collect a few interesting enemies on the way, even at her age. Of course. Every night. Sure. Nott is just upset because she was trying to do a little reading last night as well. I didn't understand any of that. I honestly don't understand any of this. What accent was that? Especially since it just rained, so the sewer will be really damp. Do we still have the writ, or is the writ gone? Never mind, that's fine. Oh! I can figure it out. Oh! That's not going to go poorly. 14! Ten. I'm going to put the hood up and stay in the back. I think I am a very reasonable personal assistant to anyone who is trying to make a deal. Do we have to have names? Well, fine. Erikson. Do you need a drink? While we're bowing on our way out, I'm going to drop my waterskin and spill it. Oh! I'm so sorry, my lord. As I'm cleaning it up, I'm going to make eye contact just briefly. What do I see? I was curious what the reaction to this ridiculous creature is spilling shit all over her front lawn. That's all. Yeah. A thousand apologies, my lord, I'll take your sister and make sure she gets her medicine. There's easy ways to find out if people are terrible or not. Must be some sort of harvest theme that everything is going up. I'm perfectly content making snap judgements of people, I've been doing it all my life and it's very rarely steered me wrong, and in another time and another place, I'd be more than happy to run something. There is going to have to be some coin, of course. 1201. It's just after noon. This place is giving me a rash. I'm going to sit at another table and listen in. Really, oh fine. I'm giving a clear. During the gala. Party after. Did you procure this for us? That's impressive. Wow! I can probably get one of them the way I did with Nott last night, if you like. Make sure we're not walking into anything we don't want to be. No, I do not, but-- That's fine. And if he's not, then they don't have to pay, because we obviously failed. It's a good pay day. I respect this squarely, but if you really feel like this is turning, then we'll turn. We're in. Has anyone been watching us? That's an eight. I got a nifty necklace. It does cool things on D&D-- when I put it on my character, it did really cool things. It got a little picture. On D&D Beyond. That's nice.