Let's go get out stuff somewhere. I'll follow. Probably inevitably. Definitely going to need a drink for this. Let's get some rooms and stow our stuff and get out there. Yeah. Whichever one we catch the eye of first. All right, I'm in. Oh, this is going to be funny. Want to go at the same time? Three, two, one. Six. (counting) MARISHA and I just put down four gold pieces. You're in a tourist town; things are going to cost something. Amaze me, baffle me, make me forget where I am. Bless you. You're colorful yourself. I love everything you're wearing. Bless you. I'll happily pay for hers as well because I want to drink her under the fucking table. What happens later tonight? Other than more drink. Are we that obvious? Brava! I dip a finger. Shoot or sip? I am paying for you. I just put a gold down. Keep the tip as well. Challenge accepted. (satisfied grunt) Wow. Okay. She's turning on the charm. Oh, are we talking about that, I'm not going to invade your space if you don't need it, don't worry about it. And if you drink enough, you won't remember either way. No, that's entirely something you can do. It's more common than you'd think. There was some pub. I don't remember what town I was in, but I do remember the pub because it was actually called the Swinging Chandelier. I don't remember what town it was, though. But it was a great pub. It had the best chandelier. I'm going to walk right into the middle of this. Gentle persons, are you harassing our employee right now? We have employed the services of this person right here, and I would agree that you should probably leave right now and get another table for yourselves. Nope, that's a four. (demonic voice) If you want to go, too, at the same time. I say a little bit of Infernal, and I'm going to use a blood maledict and make him go blind for a second. The one on the left for me. Thank you. I was hoping for it. Some people can't hold their liquor. It's really embarrassing. I like the way that worked out. Both equally mysterious. Oh, so it's the Noise Room. (heavy bass thudding) I toss two at the same time. Yeah, I'm into it. Especially if it fails, please! Yeah! I'm very excited to find out. Want to do a little runaround? I think we're going to do that. Because Hupperdook. It's family friendly. Did they? I have done some ridiculous things in my life; that might take the top of it, though. I've got an idea. I've got an idea. There is one member of our party who is probably not going to want to go out and see this ridiculousness. Yasha, I know you're not into this. I know that you want to have a night out. Do you just want to sit and keep the young one out of trouble? It's going to be fine. That's a joke. Only one way to find out. I'll bring you back something, Yash. He's never going to dance again. You can dance if you want to. We're going outside to see what this place has to offer before it's time for a drinking contest that we'll-- (shouting) Onward and outward! Thank you. (laughter) Like Captain America, not many? Frozen in ice, man. It'll happen. (maniacal laughter) It needs dónde está la biblioteca? I'm looking for vendors. I'm looking for things that are amusing. Bright lights, colors. You said there were silk flowers? There's fake flowers? I want to see if I can find the best looking-- that New Orleans, Halloween night, crazy beautiful, overproduced-- (blows a raspberry) Goddamn it! No. That was a two. If anybody sees, I'm looking for silk flowers. Really, something nice. Something super fancy, if you see anything. Is that code for something? I could see you as a waltzer. That make sense. No. I'll take two, then. Yep. That seems like a bit much, doesn't it? I got what I needed. I'm ready. They kick someone in the face every time. Like Bread Papa? Yeah, it's all Beard Papa. Ten gold? Ten gold. I just don't know how to walk away from something like this. Oh for god's sake, 30 gold. So you'll all be giving me a little bit of gold for this later. We'll be out of town in a week. The Mighty Nein. If I want to be known for something, this is exactly what I want to be known for. Caleb, how're you feeling? Excellent. I'm ready for this. You can also drink along since we'll have to buy your drinks for you. I'll take this in. I'm going to Riker right over the chair and sit down. Molly, dear. Ten. Oh, 12, sorry. Ugh, goddamn it. Eight. 20. It's rough. 19. I'm very drunk. That's a roll. That was an option? Eye contact never broken! This is such a change of pace from last year. It's so exciting. I'll take 20 of that because I put in-- Oh, that will be perfect. I can crash in another room. It's perfectly fine. You have a friend who's an herbalist? Nott, I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you! So well done! I'm in! I'll lead. I'm going to grab Beau before we head up. Is it all right if I try something? No, nothing like that. I just wanted-- Oh god! How is your hangover? Whatever team your on, I'm not sure I play for that one. It's Team "fuck off," I'm well aware. How are your hangovers normally? I got a weird thought. This may feel weird. I'm going to try my blood maledict. I'm going to do the Purgation advanced to see if I can cure a hangover with it. I don't know if it will work. Technically, it's a poison, and I'm willing to drop some HP into this. It gets a little fancy and it's mostly to see if I can clean it up a little bit. Maybe it'll work, maybe it won't. Oh, yeah. I want to see if it works. I feel like this could be very useful. I'm going to work on this. I wouldn't touch that! Thank you for being part of my little experiment. I was just curious if I could pull liquor out of people. I'm going to go throw up on Fjord, excuse me. I'm going to find Fjord and make sure that however I throw up, it makes it so it looks like he did it to himself. (groaning) Oh, god no. I bring him back in. Fuck off. That's a lot of money. I say we start the spell now in case they decide to throw away the coin purses. Unless somebody knows something that was in their purse that was of actually of value that they could recognize. I need some bacon. Does anyone have money for bacon? Let's try not to escalate anything too quickly yet. Do I have masculine wiles? I'm into it. I'll take it. Why don't we save that for the moment that we have somebody we definitely want to interrogate, instead of somebody who might tell us they don't know anything. And get breakfast. No. If it was Rissa, what is she still doing here? Let's get some breakfast, before anything happens. It was strung up. I'm sitting down to breakfast. But if you were going to suspect somebody, who would it be? Not with me. I don't understand what you're trying to imply here. This might be a goblin thing. Did those two gentlemen come back into the bar at any point? I mean, at the very least that'll be fun. Everybody's my type. I'm really pretty easy. Whoever took our purses has our drink tokens too. I'm just saying that if drink tokens come back to the bar-- But somebody's got them. I would keep it, though. Anytime I've stolen something I couldn't use later I've always kept it for sentimental reasons. I'm not sure why. I don't steal anymore. Much. Sometimes-- He had to flip a page for that one. It was exciting. Yeah, she said they lived by her pops' place. I wanted to meet Pops anyway. He sounds interesting. We feel that. We'll go to your father's place first. I think we'll maybe, if we're in the mood, pop into their place while they're not home, perhaps. We're going to put you on a cart, and we're going to take the cart. Will we walk faster than the cart will go? Really? All right. How close are we to the other houses at this point? To the boys? I was excited to see what sort of stuff-- What's the thing you're most proud of? Oh, absolutely! What happened to the other 999? No. At the moment. That was what I was hoping for, and it happened. Not yet. We're here to talk to those two. In the least. I like that it was not even a question. Not yet. Now. We hate to bother you, also, but we did actually get robbed, and if you have any idea where we should start looking to actually-- I like weird folks. Bless you. Scissors? We can keep asking, has anyone had anything purchased-- With dicks on it. How long have you been pickpocketing, then? Mostly success at this point? Well, this is good. This is a very valuable lesson. If you ever come across a purse like this again, you just take a tiny bit of it, and then leave the rest. Well then, you just bring it back immediately. Obviously you take five percent. How soft are you getting? If I've learned anything, you don't work with animals or children, and we're rapidly getting both! I see no problem with that. Let's make no promises, but again-- You are so soft! Oh, please! I tend to find these sorts of jobs, asking for a three-day extension does not go well. You're given the time, you do the job, you finish it, you don't ask questions, you don't ask for special-- That's what I'm talking about. When you're in a circus, sometimes you get paid to do gigs. Things have happened. I've run a couple things in my time. I'm into it. We're a circus! Of course we've robbed people! My god, we have robbed, swindled, we've been robbed, we've gone back and found the people who've robbed them, sometimes we don't! Oh my god, yes. You're asking if my cards are bullshit? My cards are not bullshit. I know you do! But you won't say it. We've got a day or two to spend on this, but not a week. Didn't you almost open fire on these children not more than 30 seconds ago? Of course you would! This is why I don't miss the circus. I'm not saying no, I'm just saying remember that we are hired hands. I've done dumber shit. Have you ever eaten an orphan? Say no more. I'm in. That sounds like a terrible idea. I'm also in it for a crossbow. Just remember, you either get the nickname "The Gentleman" because you are one, or because you're really not. I'm gonna give them-- nope, never mind. I'm not going to give them that, because that would be a terrible idea. I've got a good idea. I'm going to give the older one one of my rings. I've got these strange little rings that I left over. Keep that on you, sell it if you have to, but see if you can hold off for a while. If things go wrong, get within 1,000 feet of the Blushing Tavern, hide and wait, and we'll find you. Hide. It's a finger ring. LAURA and It was one of the rings that we found in the cave. She said it. Oh! So weird!