Really blitzed on that stuff, it was pretty fun. Let's just start on grain alcohol, also. That was a good call on my part. I got some shit to do, people. Pew pew. We're making our way there. Is everybody okay by the way do we have every-- Oh god! I'm going to cast Turn Undead. DC on Turn Undead? Let me find it again-- Spell DC is 16. All right, let's-- I'm going to start a ten minute-- At some point there's going to be a healing spell. Does anybody not need healing? Oh, I'm getting in on this. That was what I've been doing, a Prayer of Healing. All right, so I'm doing everybody except Nott, and I'm adding Algar to this. That's 14 points to everybody. 14. What were you doing down here? What is your job, exactly? Especially, I imagine, if they start looking into everything you did with that kind of power. I mean, having access to that kind of creature, I can't imagine that you were on the up-and-up about everything you did. People have got to have to start asking questions, serious questions. I'm going to pick up the severed hand and start casting Decompose on it, too. They're over-investing in genie-based power systems. I'm going to grab the ink, too. Go ahead. No. I'm looking for anywhere where there might be a secret stash or something that looks off-kilter or a little odd in here, somewhere where he might be hiding something. Six. No. That seems nice. No, you let him live. That's really nice. Oh god! I Turn Undead. Yes. It's Turn Undead. I'm not quite at the pop-it. It's too strong for me to pop, right? Well, I have a thought. What if he accidentally lost control of the creature and then ran-- Ah! Turn Undead. (laughter) I might be out. I was about to say-- don't I have-- I might be out. Oh yeah, no, I'm out. Thank you. Maybe he ran away because doesn't want to be held accountable for his actions? He strikes me as the sort of person who doesn't want to be held responsible-- That might be his attempt to say, "I did this, I'm sorry, bye" kind of thing. Well, they're not, there are people dead down there. Oh god, Sacred Flame. Three points. I like that just takes responsibility for everything that happened down there. Oh, that's fair, too. That's very fair, yeah. I'm impressed by the dicks, actually. With his dagger. Oh, he had a quill, didn't he? I think I should go get the boat. I'm going to head towards where we anchored the boat. I'm going to cast Calm Emotions on myself and go swim to the boat. It's no problem. I think I've had enough ocean for a while. That was-- Have a good day! I'll admit, I'm a little tired. That was a lot. I'm going to pull one of the beetles out of my staff and say, "Professor, you want a snack?" I hold it up. Yeah. 12. Mm-hmm. We can get you a tree costume, you'll fit right in. I'll do that. That's a 26. Hmm. I mean, it's pretty quiet. Other than that guy hiding over there by the shipping crates, there's really nothing to see. It's really dark. I don't know. Other than that, there's nothing really happening. Are we playing darts? That's really useful information. Yeah. I wonder how much he paid to bribe the guard. Huh. Well, that's a thing. You guys see that? I think something's happening. They look like pirates. Yeah. It's as if he knew that this would go horribly wrong. All worth it now! This is so badass! Were we down over there, or--? Do we have an iPad for that? I will roll. (shouting) No! No! You roll for Laura, because I shouldn't. Three. I was about to say, we don't have her iPad. This is going great. That's 90 nautical feet. There's more of them. Oh boy, that is a lot happening. All right let's-- yeah, this'll be fun. That's all taken care of. I'm going to cast a-- Guiding Bolt, I guess? Towards the guy standing next to-- the guy standing next to Marius. First level. Yeah, that's a-- what is the ranged attack on that? Yeah, no, it's very far. Just a ranged attack. 23 to hit. 25. I'm at 51 hit points. I'm fine. Oh yeah, so that's-- where is that? 4d6, okay. Ooh! 15 points of damage. Thank you. I'm going to vanish. I can do that. I believe so. I'm double-checking. I can do Hidden Step as a bonus action. I'm going to move off in that direction, if that's okay. Let's go full movement. 25, 30. I'm within 30 feet of-- None of them? I've got to be them, not Fjord, right? Okay, never mind. I'll double-check. Suffers a critical hit. Everyone has to pull their weight, man. There's so many things that could be going horribly wrong right now. Yeah, I'm going to throw a Healing Word at Beau, and I'm going to start getting out of here. I want to cast Healing Word. It's not a lot. No, it's 60 feet. That's nice; it's eight points. Yeah, I'm going to start booking out of here. I'm heading back around the way I assume everyone else is going. Yeah, that way. Guys, we're going to have problems soon. We should probably get out of here. Oh no, that's right, I'm not there yet. It's a shame they never roll that way when they're attacking. Oh, that's mean. You've got me too. I'm still spelled up to all hell. Whoa. He'll save every one of us! I'm going to ponder. I'm going to make the sound of a bunch of people panicking and saying, "Hide everything, hide everything." With Thaumaturgy. No, I thought, "you can create an instantaneous sound that originates from a point of your choice within range." That's fair, that's fair. It is listed. I'm going to make one of the doors on that boat over there slam shut really loudly. I'm going to run and hide behind the map. I'm going off the map around there. Yep. I'm going to just be going-- That'll just be 30 feet, and I'm not running, I'm walking. Am I going to be the only survivor in this? This'll be funny. I'm going to cast Disguise Self. I'm going to look like a-- I seem to recall-- I'm going to make a composite of the most pirate-y-- I've decided everyone who's on a boat is a pirate, so I'm going to make the most pirate-y, drunken old man I possibly can. I'm going to give myself a big, white beard, crazy hair, very unthreatening, buggy eyes. I'm going to continue to circle around the-- I'm figuring I'm going to have to find you guys at some point, but yeah, this is... It's the only way I know how to get to the water, so... I don't have a better way around-- Unless there's a window. Unless there's an open passage on the back of one of those houses. Oh no, that's too-- That's the best I got right now. Aw, man. This is a disaster. No. Although they haven't technically attacked... Oh, no. No, there's another guy. A wacky waver. Freestyle. I'm going to NPC my ass right across the street. I'm going to see if I can take my action and keep going quietly. Oh no, I'm not going that-- I'm going to go behind those. I'm getting in the water. Yeah, I'm getting in the water. Yeah. I'm going to gently get in. Yeah, I'm sitting in. Oh is it a ten-foot drop? All right. I am very tiny looking right now. Come on. Oh my god, that was almost terrible. Nine. There's a lot happening. I'm going to slowly start making my way underneath everything, quietly and with-- Yeah. Does she know boats? Why would you say that out loud?! What's wrong with you?! That's pretty good. I'm swimming full speed directly out into the ocean. Oh, yeah, no, I'm not having a good-- --this is not going well for me. I'm not a happy camper. No. And, I assume that there's some kind of light on the-- Would I have noticed that before swimming 30 feet out? This could not be more fucked. Little help here. I'm not doing a voice. Not having a good day. Do I have a bonus action? I'm going to do a Healing Word on Fjord before I start doing another-- Yeah, before I start doing another prayer, I'm going to cast Healing Word on Fjord really quickly, so. That's seven points of hit points. I'm sitting and starting a Prayer of Healing. Oh yeah. That, or the AC of Wood. From "It wasn't my intention." By this point, by the way, everyone has 16 hit points added to their-- A ship, a dog, an owl, a ferret. Wow, I want to say it so bad. I'm not going to say it. Oh man, that was a lot. That's fair.