That was the one thing I couldn't say on Talks was my first thought when Molly died was I just lost three days off of my artbook schedule, oh god! Oh no! Please no! I'll be the first to greet him. It should be fine. I still look like a guard. It's definitely, probably starting to turn a little weird. Let's head upstairs and take care of this. I think you're overplanning. Let's just go upstairs, we'll tell them everything's fine, and then we can kill the two of them. It should be fine. [laughter] Two escaped prisoners, one got them out. Damn shame. No, we got an-- you really not following? I felt like that was really clear. I'm going to see if I can get them to leave the house and if they don't leave the house, then I think you should probably shoot them with that thing. It's a number. I'm going to position myself in the corner between that-- hunch against the wall, try and lose my breath if that makes sense. I grab Nott by the scruff and lift him away. Her, oh thank you. There's a whole conversation there that I'm excited to have when we're not having, okay-- We need one for questioning man. We caught one of them. Nope, no, we got you. My deception-- That's 15. I have his face though. I have the face of the one-- I'm not wearing a costume, am I? I mean I look like one of the guards. Oh no. Where's my initiative? I can top that. I got a six. I'm also going to peek my head around the corner and I'm going to blow a little bit and cast Sacred Flame. It's a dex 16 save. I didn't think so. That's 14 points of damage. I hope so. That came together pretty nicely. You're really good at the whole fake hostage thing, too. That was great acting. It was very-- Oh, that was great. We still got two downstairs. Did somebody see something? I'm going to-- I don't know why I'm being quiet. We should head downstairs. 12. I also have a thing I'd like to do. Nope! Probably for the best. Ashley Johnson has nothing on me in this realm. Yay. [sympathetic yelling] Two. (laughing) The lowest I can roll! We get props? [cheering] I'm actually going to turn around and start searching that hallway. I want to search this little hallway for a switch or some kind of panel to open this thing from this side. All right. Is there anything I can do? Yeah, no. I don't find anything. After adding my negative investigation number, it's a one. Hey, fella. Hi friend. What? Oh. Yeah. Oh, I can do it. Cannot be mocked. Yeah, it was dex for me. Always fun. Aw, there's a tiny table you can move. I see that this is no longer fruitful. Get a little momentary frustration. I'm going to drop this ridiculous form I'm in and go back to normal. I'm going to dive underneath the door, take a look, assess the situation. I'm going to take my staff, and I'm going to whisper to it It's lunchtime, children. Let's throw a swarm of insects right into the middle. Can I put it right on top of that problem in the corner, so it can't quite be seen by anyone down the hall, but close enough to bite? Even if I go all the way? Okay. How close can I get to him? Can it make a bite attack? I think I get a bite attack on first appearance. 30 feet. Can't move yet. It's cool. You look really cool. Hi. I'm very impressed. Now that I realize that we're in fighting shot, I'm going to back up so I'm to the far left corner. That's as far as I can get? All right, I'll go invisible until my next turn. Yeah. You don't know me! That's what it feels like, all right. I'm going to send my insects further down after them. I'm going to push to the far corner of the hallway and take a look down to see if I see anything. As far as I can get. Oh, then now it's over. Hey. Cool. A minute. It would be very us. Well, I mean, if that's the options... I'm just going to just tap my staff and cast Dispel at third level. Yeah. It's a second level spell, right? What? Third level, all right. So, I'll cast that. Well, I mean, if they just asked I would've-- I don't know. Okay. Sure. That doesn't look that good. That's very good. Are we back online again? So are you both healed now? I'll throw a Cure Wounds at each of you. Just to get that out of the way. Here we go. That's (counting) 12 points to you, and ten points to you. And that's all my 1st-level spell slots. That's cool. Wow. You worked so hard on it. Language. I'm going to use a little Thaumaturgy to make sure it's actually got some noise to it. I'll puppet it a little bit. I don't have a coconut. I-- So yeah, I'm going to give it a little bit of sound. I can make it sound-- I'm going to use Thaumaturgy to make it sound like she's in pain. So-- I'm holding the crystal up like a microphone. Can you give me, like... three big deaths, three medium deaths, and three little deaths? (laughter) Some open mouth, closed mouth kind of shit. I'm just going to need a lot of-- I'm going to need a palette to work with. Yeah. I think i'm going to-- Oh god-- We don't want all the magic in one place. That seems like a bad idea. I think I'll pull off and hug the wall to the left and get as far back from that corner as I can. Do I have time to do a thing? Okay. Oh my god, this is so embarrassing. This is not going to be good. What do I got as a-- it's bad enough I'm looking up reactions! [groaning sympathetically] Five. I was also supposed to be against the wall, by the way. There you are, right there. Thank you. Five. I was waiting for that. A wisdom saving throw. That's a 27. (laughing) Ah. All right, let's see what I've got. Okay... I feel like you're going to be a problem. I'm going to cast Blindness. On this beautiful, beautiful singer. That is a constitution-- let me double check. Yeah, that's a constitution saving throw against 16. Hmm. Oh, it's happening. You know, I'm just going to scoot a little-- No, I'm fine where I am, I think. It's just-- Yeah, that's fine. Shh! Solid. Okay. Yeah, okay. This'll be fun. I'm going to-- Let's try something weird, I like weird. I'm going to take a couple steps towards the wall and I'm going to get a little closer to that terrible little bard there. I'm going to put my back against the upward wall, so that I'm out of range of the big blue. Am I, like, 15 feet from the bard? Perfect. I'm going to cast Spirit Guardians. I'm going to start whispering into my big purple crystal and then tons of tiny little adorable, sharp-toothed fairies are going to come out and start biting and eating a lot. They're adorable. That's a wisdom saving throw for half damage. Ooh. 16. All right, that's fine; it stays up forever. Let's see, where's the damage? Oh, there it is! One, two. I don't have enough dice for this, that's great. Let me have a d8. So that's (counting) nine points halved of radiant damage. Half of nine points of radiant damage. As long as he's in the range of it, he's at half speed. That is my action. As a bonus action, sorry, I'm learning this. I thought I had a thing I could do! Sorry, one second. I don't have much. As a bonus action, I'm going to-- can I see Caleb? As a bonus action can I cast Healing Word as a level two spell? Only a cantrip now, okay. Nevermind, then. Well, this has been exciting. Manage a Bed Bath & Beyond. It's going to be nice. Why are we standing next to each other? Oh, wait, once he's within 15 feet of me, he gets half speed. Oh, no, he's not walking. Once he enters the field he also, I believe-- 16 is the-- 18, so half of 18. It's radiant damage. Is radiant damage doing anything to him? Okay. Hmm. I'm having a little regret that I didn't pack that Faerie Fire, man. Who knew? I was drinking tea last time I got to pick spells. I'm curious about these rooms back here, those grates that you've still got covered over. What's over there? Yeah, I want to run over there-- I'm going to run over there. It'll get me that close? I would like to be a little further away so that I am not in blast radius with two other people. Yeah. Looks to be a little better. Darn it, yeah. I'm going to use my action to-- 15. Okay. I'm going to turn back around. That was my action to take a look in there? Aw, man. Okay, that's my turn. 14. 22 points? I'm good. Okay, let's see what I can do with this. First thing I'm going to do is use my bonus action-- To pot a very nice plant. Oh man, it's so hard to do this. Okay, I'm going to use my bonus action to Spare the Dying to you, so we got that. No, Spare the Dying for me is a bonus. No more death saves. I'm going to run over to Beau; I'm going to tap her and use-- Where's my 1st-level spells? Is it Cure Wounds? But I can cast it at a 2nd-level if I have a 2nd-level left? I'm going to cast Cure Wounds, but because she's unconscious she gets all the hit points back, not just-- [cheering] You're at 21 hit points. You're at 21 hit points. Level two. Plus five. It means he doesn't have to make death saves at least for the moment, but probably could use some healing and I've already used all my actions. I'm going to back up against the one in the corner so I have a little bit of cover. No, the other corner. Yeah a little coverage, there we are. I'm going to run over to Shakäste and while I'm running, I'm going to use my bonus action to down a potion of healing, which is-- let's see if I'm doing this right. That's seven hit points that I regain. I should mark that as used. Then once I'm there, I have to use an action to feed him a potion, correct? Okay. Here's the question does the potion also get my bonus? I figured not, but I thought it was worth asking. I'm going to give you a potion, and let's see what I roll. That's (counting) 15 hit points. You're awake again. I'm going to use the rest of my movement to get some cover behind the table, I suppose, is the closest cover I've got right now. I'm getting partial cover. Smoke them if you got them, man. Seven points! Oh my god. I'm feeling a little better. Just cup around. That's a lot of calculator. Monks, man. Hey, welcome back. Do I get any sense of what this is? I'm going to do Detect Undead, I'm going to see if I can understand what he was. 16. I figured. I don't know if there's much we can do with this. This is a bit-- yeah, no, you don't want to drink that. Let's sweep that away, why don't we? I'm going to try and start figuring out how to open that other gate that I'm next to. No, I was just going to hit it with my stick until the lock broke, or hit the lock with Sacred Flame or something fun. Just blow it. Oh, really? Oh yeah, no, I want to watch. This looks like fun. That was so cool. Wow. After you. I mean, really? People aren't good. That's not how this works. I mean, things that you do are good or bad, but people are just people. You guys keep doing good things, and all I've seen is you doing good things. I'm not sure what the confusion is about. Yeah, I know.