I'm weirdly on-board. Yeah, this is the beautiful deluxe edition which comes with a little ribbon and you can see this wonderful cover art with Vecna in the center and the four gods depicted in the corners all cowering before his might. Who are these lovely kids right over here? It's right there. I already gave my shade, I'm done. Honestly, that was all I needed. Oh, I'm in my room because I was-- is this before Fjord came back? Okay, so I'm in my room. Hey, Mister Caleb. Good evening. Battered. Sure. What can I do for you? Oh, yes. Of course. I think I'm coming to the realization that perhaps I was not entirely clear on what I signed up for, but I don't think that means that it's the wrong path. I'm getting used to the idea that it wouldn't be a test if it were easy. I... I joined your group of friends-- I guess our group of friends, now-- as a testament of faith, and it would be a disservice to that faith to turn around because it's hard. If it'd have been easy, I suppose I wouldn't have been needed to be called to it. I've been thinking a lot about it. Jester gave me a lot to think about, to be honest. Mister Caleb, do you believe in fate? There are lots of different kinds of fate; I know that's a heavy question, but do you believe that we are driven towards something by things that are greater than ourselves? (background music) There are times that I think about the cruelties of the world and the things that have been put upon me and my family, and I would hate for that to be a plan, and there are times when, like today, I'm very grateful for being in the right place at the right time to make sure that the right people are becoming strong in ways they need to be. I don't think that excuses the pain, I don't think that you have to-- I don't know, I don't think that you have to not care about it or fight it with everything you've got, but I think the world is shaping you into something important, and I want to make sure that you get to wherever you need to be. You won't have to work very hard at it, I imagine. I think just being you wherever the world puts you will do just fine. I can tell. Thank you. I promise I will continue to help you all. Even when we're not the best of people, I feel like we're still moving towards something that's good and worthwhile, and I'm feeling the struggle's in my way to bring us to where we need to be. I'm honored. Thank you for this, I won't forget it. (chair scrape) Meanwhile, one hour later. I'm adding which item? (intones theme from Pirates of the Caribbean) I have a thing called Create Food and Water. We can mix it up with the normal food so it doesn't taste as bad. Teamwork! So sorry. We just burned an entire encounter like, "Yeah! Fuck whatever Matthew made." I was about to say anything like being able to go by the stars or otherwise is something I might be able to do very well. Fair. Just lording that rap battle over me. Okay, that's fine. I was thinking the one where you actually have to go out and find supplies. I might be really good at that. Yeah, I'll take the boatswain. Some stuff that we don't want to get rid of. Yeah? Oh, yeah, I like it up there. A boatswain. May I? I'm going to take a look at this thing. 22. Obviously the decision is yours, but we are low on supplies which means we have more to lose. If something goes wrong, we lose vital members of our crew or burn through magic ability. We're going to be without food whereas I'm sure they're probably very well stocked and prepared for these sorts of eventualities. I feel like we would be coming in from a place of weakness. That's my initial thought. Fine art. I think that escalated rather quickly. Well, I said that we were in a position of disadvantage. I feel like this is somehow connected to your previous bad decisions. In my imagination that felt vaguely like a threat. What does the flag look like? All right. Powder, ball, make ready, fire. I'm so excited! At least you weren't looking in it. We are apparently committing an act of piracy. Do we have a name of this ship? Do you want me to make an announcement, maybe? Thaumaturgy, I'm going to project my voice very loudly onto the other ship. Fellow friends at sea, we wish to have a parlay with your captain and we hope to keep this entire confrontation as bloodless and reasonable as humanly possible. We will do our best to be civil and not encourage anything inappropriate over the next several minutes. We would appreciate your cooperation in this direction. Then I'm going to try and make all the doors open and available to us from the other ship with Thaumaturgy as well. I'm going to pop all their doors open. What number is that? I have a number in that, let's see what it does. That's a 22. Definitely food and water. We are also in the need of some gems if possible. I'll also say that if they require any healing at all, for anybody that might be sickly on the ship. I'd be happy to offer my services. I'm, by the way, human looking right now. Smeed. Let us know if you need anything. Don't get greedy. Just because everyone's on the deck, I'm going to do a quick Detect Magic and scan the boat. Everybody in the boat. I will also say I'm going to take it and that chest they just threw out as well. It's 30-foot. Okay, at the very least, I'm going to get close and walk the-- Oh, yeah. There's something magic down below. I'm getting a little bit of magic down there, I don't know what it is, but it's making me nervous. Oh god. That sounds like the worst thing ever. Oh man. This is the darkest timeline. Oh. And that's how I got this! I'm having bad flashbacks. Vampire. You want to send me down? All right. I'm going to start heading downstairs to see what the commotion is. Yeah, he'd pat you a couple times. Yeah, I probably am getting down. Whoa. Wow. Someone did a number on you. I might do both of you. Hi. It's a pleasure to meet you. I get the feeling you're having a really bad day. I'm going to do a little healing spell down here so everyone's feeling a little better. I'm going to start doing a little healing on both of you. Take a few minutes while you guys figure this out. Prayer of Healing on both of them. 14 points up for you. 14 points up for him. I still, by the way, have my Detect Magic up. Am I getting anything? So I would have had it when I came in. Oh, is that box glowing? By the way, I suppose I would have said That box is definitely magic. I'd be very careful with that. Yeah, let's be gentle with it. Was it Soma? Mr. Soma? How did you get this gig? I was just curious. I mean, do you work for anybody or do you have a deal with somebody? Do you like who you work with? Seems kind of a rough gig. That's fair. This is just odd. I mean, I imagine being sent with something I didn't know anything about by god-knows-who, that will leave a mind to wander. I don't know. Yeah, you know, I would. (laughter) Sort of a reluctant piracy at the moment. We like everybody to walk away feeling as okay with everything as possible. Yeah, obviously it is magical, by the way. How trapped is it? So is the magic not coming from the box? Or what was inside the box? Let's get some distance here. I mean, you got to admit. I bet you're pretty curious what's in there. Keep everybody okay. I'm going to get a little distance and I'm going to go outside the room, just in case. Mr. Fjord, I would recommend you get some distance as well. Mr. Caleb is going to maybe want to take a look at that later. I would recommend hiding it. I feel really bad about this. Can we throw him any money or something? I think we won't mention to anybody that we threw you a little cash. I mean, obviously, that doesn't need to travel, and, you know, whatever you need to do to maintain. I understand dignity is a thing. Actually, if you like, we can walk out of here being very irritated, like Ugh! That guy. Too much. I feel like we should leave these people with most of what we-- I think this has been enough. I don't want to, you know, cause any more trouble than we have. Anyone else need some healing? Anything real quick? I know. I'm dying. (parrot voice) Captain Cupcake! (realistic cawing) Sorry, too much! Reeling it in. Wow. So weird. Did we keep the sword? I don't remember. Start doing a little more healing on you. I'm going to head down, obviously tired, and just go follow you guys to take a nap. I'm keeping a close eye on what's going on, this is very-- they're being so sketchy. (laughter) That tickles. That's a novel. Trecorum Satis Dee. You're welcome. (singing) Not there. He had it in the tattoo and the coat, yeah. I was about to say, you can roll a d20 and if you roll a 20 I'll tell you what Molly would have thought. This is some Bugs Bunny shit. Oh yeah. How did you not think this through? This was inevitably where this was going. Fields of phalli. It would be a really big-- you would have a tiny boat. Then we'd be a raft in the ocean. That would take a long time, though. We're heading to port regardless. I figure at some point-- I figure things don't change regardless, as long as we're on the ocean. The things it makes are not-- I have good news your favorite chewing gum-- Rope. SAM and I have a shield. Do you need a shield? Can I take a look at that thing, maybe? Well... (laughter) What's your AC again? Yeah, I really like my shield, though, but this is interesting. No. This would push it to 18. All right. All right. Fair. I may just, for my own personal aesthetic, try and mount my beetle wings onto this, but I like it. I'll do that later. You'll have to add it? In the meantime, it's just plus one to my AC. How many attuned items can I have at this level? Three, all right. Better than sinking dicks, I suppose. This may actually give you-- wait, what is your AC bonus to your shield? This would actually-- this doesn't give me an 18, this just keeps me at 17 because I was already at a +2 with my shield. Oh okay, so right now it's only giving me a +2. Maybe I haven't-- oh, never mind, now it's working, there we go. I hadn't attuned it. A little gaudy for my tastes, but I'm going to do a little work to it. Prefer not to make a habit of that. You're hard to follow sometimes, you know that? Ah, nothing, just-- Or three? I've been paying very close attention and listening in to the hallway and trying to keep a very-- (blows raspberry) 15. Haven't heard any footsteps or-- I feel like for the time being, it just might be best to-- be the best we can be here and be as helpful as humanly possible. Our goals are relatively aligned and as long as we don't have to hurt anybody, I'm all right. But the rest of these people-- Always. Well, when we want to find the ship, I think I might be able to help. What? No. I mean, no. Definitely not. Yeah no, I really don't think I have anything to add to that. I think you've been doing just fine. I think I might be able to help you find the ship. I don't understand what any of this is anymore. I thought-- Oh, about finding the ship, that's all. I'm going to take a nap. Taking a short rest. Blow me into Bermuda. Black pepper. You could make a sneeze arrow, in theory. 14. Beautiful. Complicated feelings. He got away quick, yeah, that was not a good time. Nope. That was really good. Do me. I like juice. I mean, to be fair, we should let us go home eventually. Let's make sure the crew knows that they should be repairing the ship and we need to be ship-shape at some point. This is golden age of piracy Barbados, basically. We're in the thick of it. Oh wow, okay! This is nice. They call me Clay. I serve nature. I'm a maker of fine graves. We did? Oh, yeah. We should take our leave. That's metal. That's some metal shit. Can tell you're a snitch. Can tell at 50 feet. Of course you're a snitch. (laughter) You are. You sit in the bathroom stall with your legs raised, with a notebook. Very. It's lush. I will follow. I am so proud of you all. The Plank King is cool.