It's got some crazy back matter, too. Let's get up and moving. Snozzberry. I tried the other kind before, and really, it's not much. You've already used it at this point, really. No. Is it just seeing someone throw up or is it also hearing the sound that makes it worse? If I just went (retching) does that-- Okay. Ambush. We've been traveling for years, we've been ambushed dozens of times. No, that was new and exciting. We get there in the day. I don't mind camping out. One more time. That was very impressive. Thank you. I'll drive if you want to switch out later on. All right. I got it. Nott, I assume you want to be in back. I'm into this. I also do have a large tapestry that's relatively clean if anyone's feeling cold. I can drive. Let's not do that. Seven? I can desperately try and right the stuff, I suppose. I'm going to pull hard on the reins, see if I can get it out of the-- Oh, are we "stop" stopped? Okay, I'm stopping the whole thing really quickly. I've got a hammer, I've got some rope. I don't know. You don't know any Mending magic, do you? You're welcome. I'm sitting here thinking, if only we had a Mending cantrip of some kind. I just had to say it out loud. I'm just going to sit on the wagon looking bored. That's my thought. We have a broken wheel, anyway. We're not moving at a particular speed at the moment. We are headed north. Captain? Goddamn it. This can't possibly end poorly. The Kiss army, basically. That's the most insane roll I've ever seen. There's nothing that's being said here that can't be said at full momentum. We gave him saline. This will do just perfectly. Let's do this. I'll join. Natural 20. One-one thousand, two-one thousand, three-one thousand. Is it getting closer? We're going to get rained on. Do we have anything-- We don't have actual tents, do we? We don't have proper tents? I'm getting underneath the cart. At least I'll definitely notice the smell like fucking roses. Pistachio or Rocky Road? This is not my first time. Yeah, I miss having a proper tent, and the wagons were nice. I miss that. Something at least. They're good luck. Yeah, tree struck by lightning, very good luck. It's bad luck for normal people. Everybody else! Absolutely! Dig it up! (laughter) I go over to take a look at it. Or just out of waxed cloth? Well, if you come up with an ingredients list, we'll be happy to drum stuff up. Talking about making shelter, that sounds great. Yeah, it does. Like some sort of phantom manor is what you're speaking of. It would appear-- Doesn't have to be real to be interesting. I like this plan. I'm into it. No. I'm going to, before we take off, take a look at that tree that got hit. I want to examine how it was struck by lightning. All right, nature. Three. Is this practically like a little bowl now, or did it split? I'm going to drop a piece of silver in the center so the next person who comes around and examines this thing finds a piece of silver. I'd rather be cold than have bugs. Yeah. It's a very fair point. Who's on a horse? Am I on the cart, or am I on a horse? I'll be in the cart then. I'm going to take one of the swords and start using the flat of the blade to scrape the wheel and give it an edge to start removing the mud off of it and hop between wheels. I think that sounded like a bird talking. What should we call back? I don't see how that's any better. I'm going to gently light up one of my swords. That's clever. What? That'll do. I have a thought. I have a coin, and whoever's holding the coin has that for the day. Then we pass it around, so you have this as a chip. Obviously we didn't do it this morning, but from now on. Who wants it for tomorrow? Or for next, for after the fight? It's not close enough to really do anything yet. Uh-huh. Yeah, sure. She probably did a little (whooshes). These happen to be made of metal. Is it? Yeah! Sorry. I'm at least going to get up to-- What's a basic movement? Am I within 60 feet of either of these? Are we doing this? Well, we're doing this. I'm going to try and cast Enthrall on the closest gator. Wisdom save? I haven't attacked that one yet. Oh, you're right. Yes, of course. I don't think so. Is eight my save on wisdom? It says wisdom, but I don't know. No, yeah it's a racial ability. Yep. It ain't going to eat. It means it's going to pay attention to me and only me. I know. I'm sitting. I'm spinning my sword and talking in-- (Infernal voice) Yep. Oh boy. Don't fall. Just a minute of pain. You want to go first? Thank you. With my running speed, how close can I get and still have an action? That's as far as I can get without an action? At the very least, then, I'm going to-- Yep. Since I still have some distance, I'm going to try some Vicious Mockery to see if that does anything. The one-- I'm curious what that's going to sound like. I'll hit the Vicious Mockery on the one that currently has Nott, just because-- Yeah, no. (Infernal coughing) (Infernal voice) Crocodile Dundee. Good man. God damn it. Blood Curse of the Eyeless, amplified. Disadvantage. If you were just prone, he would still have it, so if the spell is still active. Yeah this is low level, there wouldn't really be much bringing you back. That'd be the end of it. Not three. Where's your book? I've got a theory. What were you doing here? What is this place? I'm going to peruse these ruins a little bit, see what they are and what they look like. Do you know where they are heading? A word bird. Where we're going is a bit dangerous, we should warn you. Hey Caleb, you got a second? Take a look at this. Do these mean anything to you? Just looking at the stone structures that are here. I rolled an eight. They are stone. That's disappointing. I kick it. Let's see if we can cut them and keep some of this leather. I bet it's worth a little bit of money. Yeah, we'll check the guts. Choose your weapon. Is there anything fun in the guts? Hey, you can get the note. Let's haul this all back onto the cart and get on our way and see where we get. What do you propose we do? Will she be welcomed anywhere? All of this are great points, but I'm waiting for another idea. It's also possibly someone to watch the cart while we do our businesses. To see if we can find somewhere safe. Yeah. Well, this is never going to get irritating. Let's get on our way. That's going to make it even better. That can't happen. We will not have that. Cling to our irony. Seriously cheeky? Cheekingly serious. Let's head out. Technically, did we get a short rest on the way in? Or did that not happen? I love this place. This is great. We have a beautiful piece of leather. We also have some fine tapestries. We have a safe. We have many things. That was me at 16 with every cop ever; that was great. This is the tiniest hill, and I will die on it. Never ended that well. No. Stunning. That sounds exciting. I think we need a round. I didn't know I needed this. You are a shithole magnet, really, when you think about it. That's fair. Can we go shopping in town, maybe? We've got some leather to trade, may have some armor. We're also going to be looking for a place to sleep. I don't know if you'd recommend anywhere that-- You have rooms? That's exciting! Yes. Yeah! I'm very excited by this. How many rooms do you have? How much are they apiece? I figure we should stay in all four for a couple of days. Per person? I am perfectly okay with this. Eight silver. Let's put a couple-- yeah, eight, that's fine, I've got that. Were we given anything special to say to him or should we go wake him up? Yeah, I'm going to walk over and sit down at his table. Wave my drink underneath his nose. Hey hey hey! I pop it off. I'll flick him in the forehead. You seem like such a charming gentleman. You just seem like such a charming gentleman. We were sent for. A certain gentleman. I hand him the drink one more time. It's sterile. By its very nature it's sterile. Don't fix him, he's perfect! We're here to help you with your troubles. We're here to deal with the safe house. Well, if you want another drink, then, you're going to show us how to get there and how to deal with it and what you know. (laughs) I take my drink back. I want to point out, this is entirely your doing. I'll give you 12. You said it. Oh, you know this one. MATT and We've got some shopping to do, we've got to run around a bit. I sleep naked. Thank you. Mm-hmm. We're putting our stuff down and we're also-- How late is it at this point? That's a terrible idea. Are you going to rethread the silver that is-- That's fair. Yep. Some leather, some armor. There's a few things. Like you've just kissed Spider-Man. It's not that I don't trust this place or like it, but I'm thinking about locking the door a little more heavily than normal. I'm going to wedge my sword underneath the door to make sure that it can't open without moving the sword. It's a lot of new people today. I don't like new people. I'm all right with this as well. This is fine. I'll take the bed, though, if you're offering! It's going to become that story that everyone hates. Who wants the coin in the morning, by the way? I think this is a clever system. Yeah, but in the morning, somebody gets it. I love a fake American accent.