Sometimes when you jump the shark, there's just more sharks there. It's going to be in there, isn't it? Everybody have their stuff together? The back of the boat would actually be up a bit. You've got your holy oil, right? I believe or was it-- You throw it at something that looks evil. It's pretty simple. It doesn't work that way, sadly. It's not-- Water balloon with glass. Is the general feeling of supernatural unease coming from either of the-- or any signs of--? I know that we're going to be facing probably some will-o'-wisps or something like that. Any sound coming from either of them? You could literally be walking along side of the boat. I would assume I'm in the middle. Seven.TALIESIN,  Eins, zwei, drei., LAURA, LAURA (muffled yelling) That's nice. I'm going to take out my swords, and just I'm going to try and cleave some of these tentacles off. See if I can start to get it to lose its grip. I'm going to take my first shot. I'm going to stop saying that. That's a 23 to hit. Thank you. Nine points of damage. Welcome! We probably should head towards the other one. That ends my turn. But we can boat in there. What are those things on the side? Okay. That was an intense roll right now. Oh. (laughter) Sure, I know. Are they within striking distance? I'm going to hold my action until something's within striking distance. I will also say I'm at least going to back up to the side of the boat where I'm far enough away from that thing as humanly possible. Oh, well fine. Yeah. Didn't you cast a Light spell? Let's park the boats. Does that sound like a will-o'-wisp? Does this ring any bells, then? More expensive things tend to be up, but I'm happy to start with down. I didn't even catch that! I'm after Jester or after Fjord. Cats can see your soul. I'm going for it. It's classic, really. This is a great installation. Do I recognize any of these symbols? Does anything look familiar? Skills? I got acrobatics, insight, deception, sleight of hand. Investigation and survival also. That's my thought. You don't have a heal cantrip, do you? I hand Nott a handful of ball bearings. We can fix that. Is that including the bonus? Wow. Oh, well done with-- oh my god, your hand! That's-- ugh. Did you just pocket a thumb? I think let's all head up in that direction, but put Frumpkin first. I think Frumpkin ahead, but let's-- We're also going to have to keep checking for traps and then we'll send people down when we need it. Well, we've got to figure out what we-- I'll take third. Still 11 down. I'm going to go check out the other alcove. Three red urns? I'm going to take a look at the other one. I'm going to start with one of my blades. Yeah. I'm looking at the other urn. Is anything happening? Oh my god, really? I rolled the same initiative. This is the worst initiative ever. Seven. I'm trapped in that-- well, never mind. Damn it. Oh, that hits. Wow! I know what these things are. Do I understand what's happening, with why they're going back to the pots, to whatever's in the pots? I'm actively tracking these at this point, I would imagine, so I can't be surprised anymore. All right. Can I scoot around the-- I assume the clay pot is on the other side of that will-o'-wisp right now? I'm going to scoot around to that side. I'm going to take my first shot at the will-o'-wisp as I'm dancing around it. Yeah, let's see if this hits. 17? My god, really?! I'm going to take my bonus action, and I'm going to break the pot. Yes, I do. 11 points. All right, that's eight points of damage. Other than that I'm going to take a look at it down below, to see if there's anything in there that's weird. The one on the roof? I'm going to pick up the bottom half of that, and I'm going to examine, immediately, what I've got. I was going to say, Yasha, maybe? We should probably put a light in there. This is how they clean the room. We already have a rope down. Oh yeah, short rest. I believe in you. This is fine. How big are the bevels, that have the relief of the 12--? And the bowls. Mm--hmm. Clean them off a bit. I've got an idea. I'm going to start rocking upstairs. I'm walking upstairs. I have the bowls. I'm going to take a look at that purple-- is there only one of those little purple glowing rocks that seems to be creating light? I'm going to open it and I will-- I'm going to poke at it to see if it seems trapped or anything. All right. 16. I'm going to open it and grab the stone out. That's a six. Beau! Can you punch this? Is that your new nickname? Simple tool. Well, you did do this. I won't tell anyone, come on. We walk back down with it. Beau retrieved this, maybe? We've got a glowing rock. I'm going to put it in the room, see if anything happens. We've got these bowls, I'm going to put the bowls, gingerly, I'm going to put one of the bowls on one of the symbols to see what happens. Put it-- middle of the star. I'm going to try and move the bowl to match the engravings in the ceiling. What's the the top of the rod again? The top of that little spiral. I'm going to examine it, anything interesting about it? Just a small metallic knob? Like a lightning rod? Let's do the other two. Crickets. Eight. The radiant didn't seem to have an extra effect then? Are you staying next to it or you-- Yeah, you don't need to. Does that get halved because of raging? I'm going to try, just for shits and giggles, I'm going to activate the ice damage on my sword. I'm going to run up-- where am I? Over there? I'm going to run up, take a swing at that corner-- So that's 14 to hit. I know, it's like, just in case, I will be the one to miss. And that's six plus one ice, so that's seven damage. It's my bonus to activate it. I'm going to back off into the corner then. Yeah, so I'm using that. Whoa! Is it racial features or class features? It would be racial features. Class features. At disadvantage. Advantage is over. What?! No, these things happen. Well, we have to do it in the bowl. There is a room outside this room where it seems like there was a room for maybe preparing the bowls? I would say the one that I had I probably polished up. I'll hold the bowl. I'm resistant to fire. Look at this. There we are. We need-- transmutation-- That's-- And we need enchantment. Illusion and enchantment. I don't think it turns. I've got an idea. I think I know how it works now. This is great. I think that this is a guide. We know what we need to know because of these bowls. I think we need all three of these versions of the spells placed in each of these points. Everybody stand at their point. (sarcastically) Are you sure? We need transmutation and illusion. If anything starts to happen, I want you to run for the door. That would be the three dots. We need fighters. Just in case, I'm going to light my other sword too. I would stand in front of the symbols on the triangle, personally. Check for traps. I'm going to start heading in this direction, too. Does one of them look like it was possibly holding a gelatinous cube at some point? Don't spoil it for her. We'll find out in an hour or so anyway. Yay, double digits. I'll go take a look at the other cage. 19. Would I be insane for thinking this is how they make them? This was a factory, maybe? I want to wait for Caleb at this point. I've got a light stone in my pocket if anyone wants to go for it. Here, hold on-- Careful! This can't go wrong. Put it in the bag. Are those ceramic pots giving anything off? Character details, under description. Is there an audiobook version of this? What's in the urn? I want to take a look at some of these cages with the urns. I saw something happen in that cage.