This is my stuff. It's dangerous to go alone-- LIAM and Just going to get my stuff. From this small stone temple emerges a tall, not necessarily healthily thin firbolg, who is pale and a grayish color, and has a big shock of weirdly pink mohawk hair-- I'm going way off the reservation here. He's a little gaunt. He's got a little fuzz, he's wearing this bizarre-- he's wearing this very gentle silk shirt that's got one long, flowy sleeve. He's got a cup of tea. He's just staring. Huh. I think I've only got three more cups. Hold on. I go back in. I'm going to come out, I'm going to have a little kettle set up on a little tripod. I'm putting it down, I'm putting a big rod with a big purple chunk of amethyst on it underneath the kettle. Tapping it a couple times to get the kettle to start heating up. I'm going to wander into the graveyard and find some flowers for tea. Mr. Clay, and nah, I'm fine. One second. I come back with a pile of red-purple flowers and I'm grinding up. This is from Casala. Textile family generations ago, but they make very good tea now. (sighs) Mm. Caduceus Clay. Sit. I'm going to put out the three cups and wait for the pot to boil. Pour out the three cups. You have to share, I apologize. Please, let me know what you think. Only grows here. Oh, please. Come. I haven't had one of these in a long time. That's nice. No. I'm sure they're wonderful, though. That sounds just great. That sounds wonderful. Friends! (sigh) You have come. (sigh) Please, let me know what I can do for you. Usually when people come here, it is because of some great tragedy. How can I alleve your pain? I would assume. People who come here usually have. Avenge him? What happened? Do I know the Iron Shepherds? No, I'm sorry, I really don't get to leave very often, especially these days. (contemplative sigh) Been 20 seasons now, 18 seasons? Try not to count, it just gets in the way of more important things. It's been about two seasons, I suppose. Little bit of business, but it's been very slow. It's the only time that seems to matter. I'm so excited! Most people who come here know what this place is, this is going to be delightful. I've never had to explain it to someone before. Well, boneyard is a bit crass, but yeah, this is a place where we take the dearly departed who have done well and the people who have lived good lives and we put them into earth that has been touched by the Wildmother. In turn, she grants them with beauty and splendor and sometimes tea. More like a garden. We have been tending this garden for generations. Aren't we all? Aren't we all? Well, I mean, sometimes we can help people who are on the edge of death. We certainly understand that most people would rather spend their time alive than not, and that makes sense. I certainly have no interest in shortening my life any time soon. I mean, that's very tricky. Once you're dead, there's a natural order to things. There's a movement that things have to go, but in certain cases, I'm sure. Oh, I can sometimes help people. You never know. You know, honestly, I don't think I've had enough experience to have an opinion on that. I'm a good gardener. I grow lilies, I grow bramble, mushrooms, moss. Not with an actual snap, but yeah, I can do that. I don't have to snap, though. I can be really quiet when I do it-- pretty quiet, I actually have to say something, now that I think about it. I've left a few times, I suppose. It's been a while. I've been on my own for a while. It makes you get a little rambly. That's a bit of a story. My family have run this temple for generations, and I'm sort of the last one left holding the fort down. No cousins. A couple sisters, a brother, my parents, but everyone's either wandered off to help try and fix what's been going wrong or has been put into the earth. Well, as I'm sure you've possibly noticed, and I apologize if I'm breaking some terrible news to anyone who didn't, the forest beyond my little patch of earth is a little unsavory. It's dark. It can be a bit dangerous. Don't recommend going out alone. It has been overtaking our temple for the last hundred years, and recently has breached the walls again. The last one to leave was my sister. She went east. Now it's just me. It's not much to hold down at this point. Honestly, because it's a little dangerous for a lone person to leave. I figured I'd sit here with a kettle and wait for someone to come along, and maybe see if I can make my way out of here and figure out what's been happening in this place. I could leave whenever I want, sure. That's a really good idea. I don't... I mean, if you guys in a serious rush, if you could help I'm sure we could figure out-- Mmm. Are you inviting me to come with you? That's excellent. You're lucky I came along, then. This is going to work out really well. Well, you're lucky that I stayed right here so that you intercepted me, because if I had wandered off ten, 15 feet this may have never happened. Well, I don't know if I think that anyone deserves anything, but I don't like cages, and I'm really-- That seems a little specific. I'm mostly interested in trying to take care of the natural order of the world and nature itself. Have you ever been in nature? Yes. Violence is extremely natural. Well, I don't know about deserve, but I think there's always somewhere there's a plant that needs some compost, and I'm happy to make some more if it'll make people happy. You got a lot of aggression. You got a lot of anger. There's only-- Okay! Is that a time of plant? I've actually already packed; I'll go get my things. I do; I may ask for it later. I like this one. I'll go get my green beetle armor. Thank you. My sister made it; I'm very proud of her. I get a big, knotted, wet-looking stick that is covered in lichen. The armor is also covered in lichen. It's a big growing, living wet thing. It has a big purple amethyst rock at the top of the staff. I get a little shield also made out of beetle. (sighs) Give me a minute. Just going to walk around once, take it in. All right. I'm ready to leave. This is going to be a little much, but I think I can do it. I'm ready. Casala? What did you think you were drinking? Yeah. That's very close. It's good. It's always worth trying. Casala family, I think we have eight in their generation; I was only here for the last two. Caduceus. Caduceus Clay. You can call me Clay. I have been trying not to show you this art for two weeks now. Sure! Okay. That doesn't seem like a very good idea. You make me figure out how to do this. Is she always like this? This seems kind of extreme. Come here. All right, and I get in there and I'm going to do Cure Wounds and there's going to be a little bit of lichen that grows on the wound really quickly. It's fine. Do I roll for that? Six points of damage-- six points of healing. It felt very-- Honestly, it's been so long since I've been around anybody, I genuinely wouldn't have been able to tell. That would be the hope, I imagine, you'd leave the woods once you went into the woods. I mean, you don't just want to sit there. I mean, that's what I do, but I'm not sure that was really a great decision, so, yeah, huh. I'm just thinking out loud. I've had a few years to just think out loud. Been about 100, give or take. That'll do. No. I had to think a little bit about it, but no. A what? That seems like a really good idea actually. I should start doing that. What a good way to make a decision. I don't know what any of that means. All right. Tonight, can I just politely ask the forest to just give us a round this time, just in case? I want to talk to a couple of trees, see if they'd be all right just giving us a little passage. All right. Wisdom save or wisdom check? All right. 21. First stealth check. Where's my stealth? Seven. That's very specific. Are you just going for that, or is that going to mean something? In a minute, it's going to be 1035. How about now? But it's closer to 1035? Not quietly. This Phil must be a really bad person if you're-- I know I'm new here, and you've obviously all got some kind of hierarchy going here of how you work this out. That makes sense. I suppose my question would be what are you really here for? Because normally, if I'm looking at a complicated problem, I just think about what it is that I really want, and then I go and I do that. Well, I was going to say that if you had to put one above the other. If you get one thing, you get to do it. So you've got to get in and out of the basement. That seems to be the conversation then, is getting in and out of the basement. I'm sure, inevitably, you're going to kill a whole bunch of people in the process of that, but as long as you're focused on where you're going and what you're doing, that may help with this wanton violence against Phil, who I'm sure is a terrible person. He shot an owl. No, that ain't funny. I'm already regretting the name. No. What? I don't really know how to answer that question. No. Thank you. I bet it was a really good hour. (singing) How tall is my firbolg? Seven feet? I'm not that strong. I can do some magic. I've got a Guiding Bolt, but it's very bright and it's made of light. I have some insects, but they make a lot of noise. Actually, I have something I can do while that's happening. You could stand on top of me. Yeah, I guess I can do that. It's literally one syllable. I feel like that's not a lot to ask. Yep. This Deuce thing's weird, I don't-- Do you think maybe we're going to want some of these clothes at some point? Oh, I'm really tall, but all right. I'm also going to take a look at this guy they just killed and commit his face and what he's wearing to memory, just to put it in there. How tall is the--? I'm going to rope down really quick, quietly, keeping an eye out. You said that out of game and I can't say anything about it. I get a free Disguise Self that doesn't actually count against any of my slots. I'm going to be a guard. I'm going to be the guy we just snuffed. That's cool, I haven't done this. From my vantage point, I'm going to see if there's anybody in the courtyard, or if there's anything-- since I'm up there now. Clay, if you have to. Caduceus Clay. 16. They're nice. I'm looking in the windows. Or you could meet me at the corner, since I'm walking around the-- Oh, I'm on the outer. I'm not in the center area yet? I think it's as long as they're within 30 feet, it's like a field and you can say yea or nay. That's my view. Plus ten. Sorry! Natural 20. Nah. Who do I see on the front door, by the way, really? What did he look like? I don't know who he was, but-- Aww, damn it. Sandwiches! Here, have a laser pointer. The most realistic thing I've ever-- Did we hear it? 12. Ah man. I guess I'm going to take 60 feet of running to find out what that commotion is on the other-- Actually, would I have gone for the front door or-- No, I would have gone for the back. That's what I got. Another 60 feet. I'll jump off the wall. Ooh, that's 14. Hey, big guy. How could you be angry at a horse, man? It's not like this is an evil horse. It's not that far off. Roll again in case you crit. Is it an auto-- I mean is it advantage? Do you have a little bit more--? Sure. Is it anybody who steps into that field now, or is it just whoever's in the field when it drops? Okay, so you're still fucked. Goddamn it. I can roll another one. I'm going to run in the door. Okay, that's what I see? There's an open door. I'm going to the open door. Hey, guys. I don't see anything. I'm going to keep running. Hey. Can I see the barbarian through the door? So I only have a bonus? Hold on. I'm learning how this works. I can cast Healing Word. On you. Yeah! No, on you, of course. I see that this is going down and I'm going to cast a quick Healing Word. That's-- 1d4 plus my wisdom modifier. Six points immediately to you. All right. Yep, that's everything I've got. I'm going to walk over to you and give you some healing. 12 points to you. Anything else worth checking? I'm going to start walking to any of the dead bodies and-- or the unconscious people who are not technically dead yet. Oh, they bled out? All right, I'm going to start using Thaumaturgy to start cooking them away in a big pile of mold and mushrooms. Aw, it's nice to have someone who really understands. It's the process. Pretty good, yeah. Thank you, it's great to be back. It's a little squishy. I've got to say, it's been a little nerve wracking coming in as someone new. It's very interesting. I like this guy, too. I like it all, so I'm a fan. I was very happy with the pink mohawk. It was a very good mohawk. It was black-light reactive. What do they do, those two? What do those two do? Well, I mean, could just ask him to open the door. The ruckus has stopped and obviously, somebody won this fight. Yeah. I can do that if you like. I can just go down and ask. I was going to mention, I do look like a guard right now. I'm grabbing a little muck, putting it on my face, getting all-- I could just go down if you like. Yeah, it's okay. Yeah. I'm going to go down. Yeah. I'm just tapping on the doors. All clear. We got one, it's Keg. We'll handle it. I'm going to head back upstairs. All right. That's cocked. 18. I'm going to start heading back up. We could use your help up here if you got a second. I'm going to head upstairs. I'm heading up. As I head up through the trapdoor, I'm like, get ready everyone, just when he comes up, and just walking a little way past. Never done this before. 17 plus something. Is it just a straight 1d6 plus nothing? I was using the staff. Oh, it's 1d8. Eight. Seven, because I have my strength modifier-- no, eight, just because I have no strength modifier. Oh, no. Just going to turn him into mulch. That's okay. (laughter) I'm going to drag him back. We got another suit, if anyone wants one. I'll come down with you, that's fine. Yeah, I'm going to come in the corridor as well. Since I still look like a soldier, I'm going to be willing to be a little visible on the corner. Just for my own giggles, I'm going to cast Detect Magic really quickly, because this place is giving me the creeps. I have an auto-thing I can do apparently, which is nuts. I'm going to cast Detect Magic as a racial trait, which apparently is a thing you can do. Firbolgs are amazing. Yeah. All right. How about within 30 feet. Am I getting a ping? Yeah. Yeah, I like what's happening here. Here, come on. Give me a hug. Some tea for the road. I've got a bit of it left. (laughing) No, it's just loose leaf. It's not a bag. It's just loose leaf. See you soon. This was the best. (as "The Twelve Days of Christmas") Five gold coins! I love this color, by the way, that we're getting right now. That's lovely. You were so much fun! Exciting! Are you not entertained?!