Oh god, not really. Okay. No. How are you doing this? Okay. Yes, yes, yes. ♫ Bum bum bum! ♫ Well done. Good call, Travis. Hosted by Brian Wayne Foster. Or two... three. Biscotti Islands. Literally the first thing they teach you. Ah, I heard your name. Whatever they're saying, I heard your name. What language were you speaking? Goddamn it, I don't know that one. Try not to do it-- well-- That's an improvement. That's impressive. Let's not get ahead of ourselves. I'm going stay and keep an eye out on deck. That's how you get a Pinhead, man. Nope. (laughter) I've got nothing, man. I don't even know. How much chocolate have you been eating? And for how long? Whoa. Oh, wow. How deep are these waters? I'm trying to figure out how much of this is-- obviously, a lot of this is bullshit. All right. 22. Yeah, even just general vibe. All right, everything's been-- A little omission maybe? All right. I honestly think we need to feed you something that isn't chocolate. That's a squirrel. I know that one. Squirrels are great. I was just about to go get something with something that's not chocolate in it. That's probably for the best. I'll be back. Oh, boy. I'm coming up with a veggie plate, by the way, the sort of things you're embarrassed your parents bring up, and putting it down. Do you have any future plans here? Is there something that you're moving towards? Do you have a place that you're heading, a goal, anything? That's great. You're doing great, then. But there's a direction, a cardinal direction that you're making these friends in, or do you--? Oh, would you look at that. You mind if I take a look at that really quick? You can roll it. It's all right. I'm going to try to move some stuff and see what happens. Oh, man. Awesome. Oh, no, damn, it was almost a natural one. I'm so sad. That's a six. Huh. That's really cool, though. I imagine doing that all day. That'd be great. Yeah, I can imagine doing that all day. Wow. Rolls really well, too. I'm sorry, I don't actually even remember why I asked for it. Oh, that's fancy. There was a twirl, and it went back. I'm going to Detect Magic to get a-- Yeah. Okay. No one's got anything sitting on her? Okay. Same vibe. Those were all over it, then. This is apparently a Mary Poppins musical act. Calligraphy's very impressive. Caleb, just a second? Just thought you should know there's a couple interesting magical auras on our new friend. I thought it would be impolite to point it out or to dispel anything. I try and respect people's personal intentions, but if you feel the urge to do a little Identify at some point, that may not be a bad idea. I don't know. Just to make sure that everything that's there is meant to be there. I'm not getting a bad vibe off of this one, just a lot of sugar. Being held up for a while in a dark, confined space can make people a little loopy. No, I also agree. I think it draws an unfortunate amount of attention. (laughter) That's fair. That's a very fair point. I don't know if she's necessarily going to listen to you. She's a little-- That's very true. You do have an air of authority. You do! Right now, I'm feeling really awkward about this whole conversation purely from your face. Your face has done nothing, and now I'm just-- That weirdly makes me feel better. I'll disengage straight up, then. That's fine. I'm going to go over and cook something. I'll be finishing up some stuff in the kitchen. I'm going to run by Caleb one more time to have a chat about what he saw. Just mention, we've got two magical spheres on board. The one's like a clock thing-- Technically three. I was thinking it's like a clock. Maybe that means time-- I don't know if time's passing, or something. Or at least let you take a look at it for a while or something. Maybe, I don't know. It gives me a chill. Not sure. This is dark. Even for me, this is dark. I'm finally walking in because everybody has vanished off the ship, and no one is eating anything. What are we-- Okay, I like grabbing feet. Here we are. Oh, yep, I'm on it. Wow! That's cool. Do that again. The fourth wall lies! I'm excited. (English accent) Don't touch it, Mum, it's evil! The two corpses, what can we ascertain about them? Are they wearing clothing? Nudists get trapped in here all the time. I want to be by the corpses. I rolled a 19. That was not a sick beat. Do they look like violently ended, or do they look like people who fell asleep and never got up? Yeah, 19. They definitely got a look like they saw something wicked awful? Let's take a minute before we-- Just going to do a quick Cure Wounds. Just one. Oh, that's good! Take 13 points of healing. Let's take a second here. I think we should-- I think we should talk to the locals before we do anything else. Oh, these fellows. Oh, I can't pick. Somebody else pick. I don't know. Yeah, I don't know. Yeah, okay. That's level three, right? Yep, there we are. Speak With Dead. I'm so sorry, friend. You have one more task to perform before we can let you rest. What killed you? The wailing creature. What color was the curtain the wailing creature hid behind? Good to know. How did you end up here? What's the name of that-- What does the name Halas mean to you? Well, that's no help. Do you know how to get out of here? I'm going to give him a little pop and seed him for later. Mm-hmm. Thank you. Well, that was a little helpful. Maybe they're all bad. So we already know what two of these are. I feel like I was told as a child not to put things in my ears, but I guess I'm doing this. I wonder what's behind green. Sound; a beam; there's a screech; there's a gas. I don't know what goes next. Feels a bit extreme. That says that the door is trapped, not necessarily that the door is unopenable. I mean, there's a lot going on right now. I'm going to double-check these bodies for things before we go. If anyone wants to help me with an investigation check-- Sure. Seems that they were robbed before they came in here. It's weird. Oh, that's even crazier. I mean, we did just cause a giant lightning thing. I feel like our presence has been announced. I'm going to light up my staff, at any rate. Although we should probably have someone check ahead, just for traps. Nope. Yeah, but we'll know it's there, just in case. Oh, well then never mind. I was making light. I mean. Can you see anything, Beau? I'm going to roll Eyes of the Grave, too, just to see if anything-- I'm rolling Eyes of the Grave. Just for the hell of it. I'll be after Beau. I'm paying attention. (singing) Tiptoe through the tulips. Or we are. I'm going to try and use Thaumaturgy through the door to see if I can affect the flame before we enter. Well, that's weird. We're not in there yet. No, I was just curious if the magic would follow through, apparently not, or whatever is in there is not real. I don't know. 24. So many toys today. Hey, oh! (oohing) I love a good ladder. I'm going to try the candelabra again see if I can get those flames a little brighter. I'll reel them back in. All right, that's good to know. I'm going to maybe throw some illumination up so we can see the window a bit better. Yeah. I was going to say, I was actually thinking about getting up. I would like that, that weird corner ladder. Yeah. I like a good loft position. Since I was a kid, my favorite thing. Can we see his feet? I would check for things, but. Okay, let's all just be very careful before we do anything. For Pete's-- Sacred Flame. Three. There's a long sigh at the beginning of the round. This is a death trap. This is a fucking death trap. I'm going to hit it with Sacred Flame. Going to hit this guy with a Sacred Flame. Yep, dexterity saving throw. Nah, I didn't think it would be. That's not bad; that's 14 points of damage. Spit it out! Come on! Yeah. Let's all maybe be a little more careful about the-- Is there anything I see on the top of these cabinets? There's all this space above, and I want to see if there's anything-- All right. Come on. I'll take that. That's a 17. Hey-- oh god, everybody's-- Twiggy, can you grab that stack of books over there and throw them at Caleb? Or take a look at that. Let's take a look at these. Let's look at this lock, see if it seems trapped or something, or I don't know. Here, wipe it on this. That's okay. Hey, Caleb! What's the title of the first book that we opened, by the way? Not opening it, just looking at the-- That's very interesting. Maybe, here, let's bring it down to the table, and we'll open it from a distance. I'm taking a look at that other book really quickly as well. Yeah? I can try. I'm going to try. I'm trying to cast Light on the other side of the glass. On the glass, on the other side of the glass. No, I can throw it. Is it a touch spell? Yeah, you are not wrong! Yeah, I can't put it on the other side of the glass because I can't touch the other side of the glass. Probably. I'm going to head over towards that other ladder really quickly. Well, there's that weird desk behind there. Have we looked in that desk that's behind the--? Yeah, what was in there? Maybe. I'll try Dispel Magic. Why the fuck not? I cast Dispel Magic on the desk. Give it a go. I'll head up to the stained glass. Let's take a look to see if there's anything in that desk. I'm grabbing the debate book and we're looking at that desk and then we're taking off. Completely? Goddamn it. I give up. Let's go find everybody. Yep. This place is weird. I did grab the debate book. I like that you never check for traps. It really adds to the unknown. Been fun, kids. Oh boy. Turn it around this way. Oh boy. There's a lot happening here. I think manifest and then on the top of its turn. It's both. Oh boy. I think we went-- we may have-- 19. Oh boy! 18. Oh wow! Fuck it, I'm going to try it. I'm going to try to cast Bane on this thing. Is that insane? I don't know if that's insane. It's a 16 Charisma. That may be insane. That means attacks and save rolls are now a d4 negative. All right. Okay, I'm going to turn invisible. I'm going to run towards-- Actually, I'm closer to that hallway. Yeah, I see them over there. I'm going to run towards that hallway full speed. This one. Yep. Wow. That was a roll. That's a lot of rolling right now, Matthew. Okay, I saw a bit of this go down. Nope, I'm back. Lightning-- I was basically going to try this before, anyway. I'm going to start heading, so I can get a better view, towards the edge of there. Yeah, just so I can hold if I need to. Yeah, there's no Caleb. I'm going to yell Duck! And I'm going to ready a shot of Sacred Flame. Actually, Sacred Flame's not a bolt; it's an appearance. I'm going to hit Sacred Flame on the crystal. On the one behind us. The one at the end of the-- behind Fjord. Hmm, weird. All right. That's my turn. Fudge. No, no, no. Is the dragon the closest to it? I mean-- 19? Goddamn it. Yeah, that hits. Ten points? 11 points? Ten points, and I'm on fire. Yeah! Is it a straight d20? Oh, 19. On fire. Thank god. Minus a d4. Just in general. Fuck yeah! Bane! Yeah, I'm on fire. Can I do anything about that? That's okay. Six points of fire damage is fine. I'm going to book it towards that fucking altar. That's 30. I can spend an action to go. But people are still fucking down, aren't they? Fudge. I'm going to do something dumb. Don't leave a man behind. I'm going to-- this is going to get weird. Halfway through my run, actually right before I start my run, I'm going to cast Meld into Stone. LAURA and It's not concentration. Casting Meld into Stone so that when I end my turn, in theory, I will not be on fire any more because I'll be inside of the stone. Thank you. Yeah, I'm actually just going to walk-- I go and I'm going to take my 30 feet straight towards the wall. I can't see anything, but I can move. I'm going to walk all the way. I would know how the spell-- I'm going to get as much movement as I can and then hold for the turn. We are making some interesting calls tonight. It's exciting. You got a shortbow? Does it get an attack of opportunity? You also still have this, I think. Just in case. That's another roll, if you need it. We're hoping. Oh boy, I'm going to-- oh fuck, she's not there, is she? I'm going to come out of the wall. I see them. Hmm? Yeah, no, and I'm going to do the We're running! It's bad! I'm going to-- I am going to-- I'm going to use my action since there's no one to heal-- ah! DEBORAH and Which is really frustrating, and there's not a lot I can do. I am going to-- fuck, man, this is such a bad call. I am going to cast-- so sorry, I'm doing this weirdly-- I'm going to cast-- where is it? Goddamn it, where did it go? I'm going to cast Blindness on the dragon. It's a 16 constitution with a negative d4. Oh wait, I can't do that actually, never mind. It's not, but I can't do it because I don't have any 3rd-level spells left. Oh, it's a 2nd-level! I'm a crazy person, yes. It's not a concentration spell. You are blind for a minute. I'm going to take the rest of my movement and hop into the fucking orb. The Bane does fade. MATT and I made sure you saw it. I was yelling at you and making a fuss. Are you okay? Oh god, come on. God fucking damn it. Oh my god! Oh my god. Fuck! I am ready with stabilization magic for everybody. Everybody's going to be fine! She could have grabbed him, worst case scenario. Goddamn. Way to go, that's-- Did you get anything from him? Yeah, aw man. I wouldn't touch that. That's a lot. Yeah. If you stick around, I'm going to be helping every-- I'm doing a thing. Okay. 23 points to everybody who's hanging around for a few minutes. 23 points. Sometimes mysterious spheres just happen to you, if I'm learning anything. I mean, maybe, sure. Lets pack some food and some tea and stuff before you go, you're going to need some-- Yeah, I'm going to go get some food. Oh, that's weird. Yeah. I'm probably going to come out about halfway through your shift with a pot and two cups. Another day. Weirdly, I think I'm great. Yeah, I know. No. Well, in the morning, we're going to comfort everybody. We're going to take care of them, we're going to feed them. It's going to be our job to feel good for them and bring them back around. They did good work, they just don't believe it. Something's happening. I don't know what, but something's happening. And you did good. Thank you. Do better next time to keep everybody safe. You had some weird-ass spells up, right? You had some weird-ass shit that I didn't know about. I saw them, but I never really poked. You don't have to tell me what it was; did you have some weird shit that if I had prodded it would have been a thing? All right, okay, let's just do that then.