That would be a lot of photoshop, man. Hey, first throwback! Well done. This has been great. Neither did I. But here we are. A lavender-- damn it, Travis. A lavender tiefling with red eyes and very pierced, extremely ostentatious horns that are pierced with little gems and little baubles. He's got a tattoo that seems to be running up the side of his face, a peacock tattoo that goes off into his very ostentatious, ridiculous, overblown robes that he wears. His two swords and pouch dangling at the side of his hips. He's very broad in his dress. Oh yes. I know, mine. Who knew? I didn't say my name. Can I tell if-- where are they in the dispensement of the coin? Can I tell they have a little coin on them? Did I catch any of that? Well. I don't believe I've ever seen a group of people more in need of a good time in my entire life. Mollymauk Tealeaf of the Fletching and Moondrop Traveling Carnival of Curiosities. If there was ever a group of people that needed a good time to go out, have a laugh, see things that you have never seen before, and my god, take my word for it, one month's time, people will be buying your ale to hear the tale of what you saw at the Traveling Carnival of Curiosities this night. It's just five copper. A steal. At five silver, it would be a steal, at five gold? Worth every penny. But if you've got the five copper to spend, we would happily have you all. Ah. I'm less of a performer and more of an intermediary for these parts. I do on occasion perform. I can read fortunes-- I knew you were going to ask that. I'm going to sit down at the table. Well. Who has coin for a fortune? What is your name? I know your name now! LAURA and Oh, my name is Molly to my friends, and we're friends, now, aren't we? Pleasure. Mollymauk. Molly for short. This is Yasha, she's a charm. Now. Would anyone like a fortune read? Do you have coin? Two copper. I am taking this in. All right. (sighs) I'm going to try and do this. Let's do a 16 there. Also 16. Your first card, the Silver Dragon. This is good. You're pure, you're virtue, you are a worthwhile and wonderful human being, obviously, or creature of some repute. It's true. And heading towards the Anvil. That is a destiny forged. There is something bright and adventurous in your future. Can I make another roll? 19. The Serpent card appears. Of course you did. That's all the cards. I'm simply a vessel for higher powers. If you're going to find her? Give me a little bit more. Who's this 'him' that you're looking for? 14. Pushing through, pushing through. The Eye card pulls up. You've already found the clue you're looking for. You just don't know what it is yet. Apparently. Well, it's what the cards are saying. It's right in front of you. Sadly, I don't have that sort of specifics. That's much more expensive. Well, you find us at the show, you'll find my tent and I'd be happy to give you a more complicated reading. So much fun. On the house! Some of our acts are a little complicated, with performers who are not of the traditional variety. Can make some of the locals get a little shifty, if you know what I mean, and it's good to have a few people around who are capable of keeping issues contained. We cannot be held responsible for anything that may happen to someone who is ill or infirm. It is such an exciting, impressive show. First show is tonight. Or you could stay here and buy beer for the people who do see the shows, and you can hear all about it and pay more. You are all the most charming people I've met in-- yes. I finish my beer. (sighs) Well, we'd better be getting on. Charm. Pure charm. See you tonight! No, not yet, no. On the break. On the break, I'll grab it. Bangarang! (laughter) I've been waiting for this for so long. We're imaginary beer snobs now. Like Kleenex and tissue paper? All right. Oh, it's my favorites. Hello. I'm so glad you all came to see the show. It's going to be great tonight. First show of a round's always the best. Without fail. Well, I'm always partial to the front. Then you're right in it, if something goes wrong, it's nothing between you and whatever terrible, bloody mess is going to happen. It's just the best. Nothing, nothing, you're fine. Card duty it is. How long have you had it? It looks like it's getting better. Oh yes. Does it feel like it's getting better? Yeah, look at that. I would maybe breathe a tincture or something. Let's-- yeah, maybe you should get that looked at. Some sort of physician, perhaps. Platinum Dragon be with you. Thank you. This is outside the tent. It's good to see you all here, though. She's very trustworthy. Can you not walk around without it or something? Can you hand me your staff so I can watch this? I want to see this limp of yours. Purely for my own entertainment. No, I'm hoping that you're going to patronize us. (laughter) She's very good at this. I heard you over the earring. Very nice. I'm going to pick up my cards in a very specific order very quickly and start stacking the deck. Hey, Jester. Before you go. Tiefling to tiefling, and thank you for keeping this rabble in check. One on the house. And I pull two cards. I pull the Moon and I pull the Shadow. Does this mean anything to you? Well, think about it. Put it away. Such grace! Such form! Such dignity! Weirdly, being part of the show means you strangely pay more. I'm not entirely sure how that works. I know. Highly entertained. I do too. It's a very swaddling hug. You've never experienced anything like it. Bring a cushion from home like a regular person. Everyone get out right now. Oh my god, it's so pretty. No, go for it. Oh boy. Ten. Oh, you've got toys. Ten. I'm going to yell to the back, open the tent wide! And I'm going to pull-- how far away am I? (sighs) I'm going to run around and see if I can flank that creature, if I can move towards flanking that creature with the other two. All right. Can I get close enough to take a shot? Well, old habit. (laughter) And I'm taking a shot at the creature. Taking a slice. That's 21 to hit. That's not bad. That's eight points of damage and one point of ice damage. No, that was my bonus. Yeah, no. I'm going to use Blood Maladict. Oh, that's right, because I'm not doubling it up. I'm still engaged with it, right? Okay, I'm going to take two swipes. Purple's the ice. That's-- the purple is 12 to hit? Ooh. So they both hit, so that's good. So that's going to be-- or all three, then, because the other one is 21 to hit. The first one is four points of damage. I'm sorry, the magic one is six points plus three ice, so nine points. The other one is four points of damage. Four points of damage. Someone, anyone? Yep. Just kill it! One of them turned. I don't know what happened. I'm going to drop my sword. Oh, wherever will I go. We've never seen anything like it before. He just-- he gripped his heart and fell over and turned into that thing. Nothing like this. I feel that that was entirely coincidental. I'm really not sure that the two things were related. Something was wrong with this man. We've seen her sing dozens, hundreds of times. Nothing like this has ever happened. I've seen people sit in the front row hundreds of times. Nothing like this has ever happened. Gustav. Hold up. I've never seen that one before. He looks really suspicious. No, the guy behind him. Sure. Eight. Well, we've already killed two of them. Wow, he's really shook up. (deadpan) Gustav, it's no use, we've been found out. Our terrible plot to make a zombie rampage through our carnival has been discovered. Whatever will we do now that we've been discovered for our brilliant plot to make a zombie ruin our circus. My god. I'm literally holding nothing but my hands. It ruined our show. Nope. Try not to stab any random people on your way there, Flynn. You're doing good. I'm so excited, this is great. Truer words were never spoken. I kept the Gil die. Fuck you.