Just saying, they could've held the baby five more hours. I feel like they could've done it. We're so tired and it's great. How did you know? It's been a while, is the monkey Smokey or the Bandit? I can never remember. That was a good one. If we see those teenagers also, we should probably call them off. At the very least, we can leave word with their employer and if we run into them, we'll call them off. We'll have Rissa meet us at the prison maybe later. She can call them off and we can head to the prison. (as Fjord) "Yeah, that sounds great!" (as Taliesin) Never mind. (as Fjord) "Yep. Well. "Great. Yep" I don't know anymore. Who wants the node, by the way? Fair. Let's go take a look at this prison. They're literally on a mission to find the kids right now. Technically, "go back to work" can be one word if you say it fast enough. Grammar. Very Lord of the Rings. Not very Lord of the Rings. And it looks like a big factory that looks like a evil Willy Wonka factory kind of thing. What do you know about that machine he built, anyway? Come across a couple. Vampire Hunters. Sorry. Is it steam-powered? Or is it-- It's a magical power source, then. Maybe? They just let it-- they've cornered it into a-- Honestly, we could just show up and say we've been hired to try and take care of it and go in. We technically have been hired to go in and take care of it. We're just working in trade. No, they know not by the city, so by a private contractor. I think we're going to have to do a little more research, but I'm feeling pretty good about our prospects. We heard you have a bug problem. We're here to take care of it? I mean, I suggest we wear shoes and pants, but you know. We could have a letter from your father, perhaps? Yeah, but they'd be perfectly happy if we-- We're going in knowing full well what we're getting into. There's no harm, no foul there. Okay. You really want to break into a prison? I feel like we can make that dream come true. You're so lucky she's not watching right now. She's probably watching. Hi, Laura. I would love to see if there's any sort of sketch or blueprint of this thing that we could just take a look at first and maybe have a thought of our plan of attack. No, I mean of the machine. Just to sort of see what we're getting into. We can go on our own, if you like. I mean, I like pies but I'm a bad example of so many things. (snickers) This brings me back to some home games. Yes, we have our money back. Yeah, no. That's a good thought. We're going to take a stab at this death machine. We were curious if you could-- I like the description. If there's any information you can give us about the machine, just so that we're not going in cold, like if you know if it has any vulnerabilities to anything. If you can sketch it for us so we can get a sense of-- Please don't tell me that you're going to do that. Okay, but I'm not going to be able to make heads or tails of any of this shit. Eight. Does anybody understand Gnomish? It's very hard to get a spell in there. We start pulling plates off-- -- start cutting our way through one specific spot, we could eventually get to a point where you could get some spells in there. You may have to tank this. Is there a front and back to this thing, or is it just a whirling dervish? It could possibly be blinded by obscuring the lens? Not you in per se, but if we show up as representatives here to dismantle the machine? And you hired us to go in and do some work. Whatever works. We should get some honey or something. I bet some honey on the lens would be a real pain in the ass. Do you have any honey? Of course you do. What do you have? Why do you have molasses? This is suddenly very exciting. Is this why your skin is so smooth? You've been giving yourself a facial every night. Magic molasses. I was thinking if we had a small glass jar of it, we could give it a throw. It could help, it depends on how strong the clockwork is. Bubble gum. And we do have some friends over there that we just sent their young interns away on a-- In a very gentle bucket or pot. It doesn't have to be hot. It just has to be-- Has to be a little hot. There's so many walls being broken. There's like fourth wall, fifth wall, sixth wall. It's too deep. We’re in the eleventh dimension now. This is getting a little heavy. Can I remove that? No! How about just a huddle up? Huddle up, let's just-- No, we can put him in the center. I mean, it could be warm. We are professional robot dismantlers. Well, we're going to stop and pick up some tar on the way there and-- I nominate the human to talk. I'll keep an eye on the guard-- not on the guard, I'll keep an eye on the worker. Yeah, yeah. We could do that thing. Do you remember the vaulty thing? Let's do the vaulting thing. All right, you're going to do the thing over the-- vault up. If you get near the fence, I'm going to try and jump on top of the fence. All right, we're going to need the (mumbling). I'm going to jump on top of the fence. No, I'm just going to do the (mumbling). Yeah, like the razzle dazzle. Yep. Oof, ten. Can I try and push up into a handstand? All right. Yeah, natural 20. Oh, no, disadvantage. 15. Up and flipping back up, and I'm going get the swords out. I'm going to start slowly working on moving down the fence, with both swords doing a spin and trying to actually get a little flip going. A little acrobatic-- I'll need you spotting, 'cause I'm not great at this. I'm going to jump onto your shoulders now. So, I take a jump and try and land on the shoulders. Straight acrobatics? All right. You go away; I'm trying you. That's a natural 20. Sorry, you had a great fence, and we're working on an act! It's true. That's nine. We should be at separate ends of the fence right now, because I made my way down the fence with Yasha. A lovely fence it is. No. Then we don't have to put it in. We'll just carry it. We'll carry it. We're going in to kill a robot. It's fine. What else do you bring into a -- What do they think we're going to do with a bucket of tar? Let's lean into it. Poppin Drok-- I won't. I won't speak. I'm not going to speak. I feel that. Beau-- I tap Beau on the back and make her bow a little bit. Pull her back up. To be fair, we are. Oh, of course. That makes perfect sense, and of course a man of your stature would be smart enough to know that such a thing is true. We, honestly-- we will admit we may have a favor, a very minor favor, to ask if everything goes well and we do, in fact, survive this encounter. In return, also, we will be gathering very valuable data on how to defeat these sort of automatons, which will be put into your possession and would definitely help you deliver something that could help with the war effort. This sort of data could get back to the people in charge and help them defeat machines in the future. We're trying new techniques, new ways to defeat these sort of automatons. I think you could go far. We'd be happy to help. We may discuss, perhaps, if we can help-- we have two friends who are currently in your system, and we would be more than happy to discuss a means of maybe resolving their issue with you. Not innocence, but just coming to a conclusion that is mutually agreeable. Man, I love bullshitting. Persuasion? God, please, for once in your miserable life. Oh man, eight. I know. Hardly waste your time. Of course we are. Anyone want the node? Or Caleb. Well, who's going to be throwing -- We'll heat it up. Caleb will heat it up, you'll throw it in, and then I'll be using some ice to try and cool the thing down once it's in there. Once it starts opening up the armor, we'll just go to that one particular plate and start ripping a hole in it. Chopping the plates off. We'll get through doors, set the node, set everything we need into action. What kind of feet does it have again? Ball bearings? We'll see. Slow it down. I don't know, we'll find out. Tank this, and you'll be all right. It's just swords. Fjord, you got a plan? Jester? No, we took a long rest. It should. Do we want her to have anything pre-cast? I don't think Duplicity will matter, but maybe a Spiritual Weapon already called up? Just have it already. Let's-- Oh, then let's wait then. All right. You're welcome to try. Certainly not me. I mean, if we die, does it matter? We can talk to the guards on the way out. Yeah, but we're going to be in the prison when we're done. That's fair. (laughs) Assuming we live. Mr. Schuster, you look terrible! I yell very loud to see if anybody responds to the name. Mr. Schuster. Oh, that's a 15. Worth a shot. When's the last time you opened it? Until we knock on the door, I imagine. Let's heat up the tar. I'll hold it since you're doing the thing. I also have immunity to flame, so, or not quite immunity, but I don't really mind flame. We'll probably need some light in here, too. Excellent. I turn to one of the guards. Is there any light in there, or are we going to need to bring our own? Fantasmagoria. I'm definitely having some, yeah. Actually, it's got eyes and not ears, I don't think. When we saw the blueprints was there any way for it to detect sound or was it all visual? All right. Let's pretend we're whispering. We can do that. Let's cast Pass Without a Trace. I'm going to light up my sword. That would be our last 2nd-level spell. Wait, let's-- Maybe not Pass Without a Trace, because once it sees us it doesn't matter anymore. So let's not do that yet. I'm going to light up my swords. Yeah, with ice. That brings me down to 49 hit points, so that's fun. Wow, that’ll be a lot of fun. That's thrilling. There's a door over there. Do you want to sneak over and see? Can we put some light in there and maybe take a look at what's in there? Yeah. Since we have an orb up, don't we? No, we have a torch. Caleb, you want to use the torch to take a look in there, maybe? I'm keeping an eye through this hallway and I think I'm going to slowly start scooting. But against the wall. Thank you. We can all get in that room if we have to. That's the hope, but we have these other options over here. Is there anything I can see from my perspective, from where I'm standing right now? I knew you’d say that. That's a 16. Do you have a plan? So you can get up and get a little height if you want and we can also-- Those with range. Maybe, maybe not. Maybe it would keep pounding until you died. We don't even have to put the tar inside, it could be outside. All right, Yasha, we're going to be on the outside, then? This is scary and dangerous work. Well, we don't have any range. You're going to be on the outside too. I thought we'd put all the ranged people in there and draw its attention to attack them, and then while it's there we can all gang up on it. I'm going to attempt to hide in the corner. Oh, Yasha, before I forget, I got you something. I hand her one of the silk flowers from the festival. It doesn't press well, but, you know. Got for you if we live. Yeah. I'm going to stay super crouched. Or the cat. The first unexplored room. Sending the cat to take a look-- This may be the end of the cat. 15 plus cat. I have an interesting idea. Jester is going to cast her Spiritual Weapon and put it right in the center of-- Yeah. A big nice shiny object to distract. Are we all pulling against the walls? I'll roll for Jester. So fucked. It's going to be a lot of dodging. Seven for me as well. And Jester is six. Do you have advantage? We’re so fucked. Is it Divine Fury still? Did it lose a blade just now? Hex, ma’am! Hex the "robit." Thank you. That athletics is already sweet, though. You also have the mouth you can throw the tar up in there. Go for it. Probably. That’s a ten-foot blade reach. Can I see anywhere where there seems to be a crack in the armor and make a-- I want to see if there’s anything that looks like a good target to start doing some damage to. Is there a plate open or anything at the moment near me? I’m going to try and get to the side without the blade. I’m going to try and chop open one of the plates on the back. I’m going to start hacking away at it. Actually, even with the blades, there’s an open place right now? Is there a place for me to start poking the tender insides? I’m going to try and find one armor plate and start going to town. I want to get to its left hind quarters. I’m going to run over to the opposite side, flank it with the lollipop. Mm-hmm. First attack is a natural 20! 2d6 with ice damage. That’s (counting) 17 points of damage. Next attack with the same sword. Actually, I’m so sorry, that’s the wrong sword. That’s 18 points of damage because of the Summer’s Dance. Then the next one, Summer’s Dance again, is not quite as good, 12. That does not hit. Okay. Going for a third strike. 14. Is it worth seeing if it’s going to-- well, it’s blinded, so it’s got disadvantage if it tries to even hit me with an attack, so I’m going to try and back off and climb up that little hill. I’m going to try and hop up that hill really quickly. Yep. As high as I can get to get out of its range. Yeah. Right over there is good. That does not hit. And now it doesn't have a reaction anymore. We can't hear you. We're in a tight box. First off, we're going to have the Spiritual Weapon take a swipe right at where the plates are already broken, and hit it again. Which is a bonus action, and a plus seven to hit. Oh, that's not it. It's around here somewhere. There it is. That's a 15. Wait, wait. (counting) Yeah, 15. I don't think this is going to do anything. I was thinking of trying maybe a-- We could do Sacred Flame, or if you were nearer I'd say Cure Wounds. Or we could do a Guiding Bolt. (like Jester) "We're going to do Guiding Bolt." You roll this one. That's 4d6 radiant damage. No, just 4d6. I feel like we should open up a little bit. I think she's going to see if she can crawl over to the door, so she can hide behind it in case something bad happens. In fact, she might be smart-- she has to keep the Spiritual Weapon in visual range, right? Okay. She's going to just use that as some cover. That's a lot. Oh wait, no! Everybody poops unless they're an android, because then they must be destroyed. Poop, poop. So we now know at least a 17 will hit. Blinded and restrained right now. No, stop. I think it would still go poorly, but let's see if it comes to it. I got a crazy idea. You first, please. Hey, Beau. No, he actually only did four points of damage. Sam only did four. I can't even-- I'm rooting for Nott, then I look at you and I feel weird. I'm going to run in and try to do a little bit more damage in here. I'm coming in and taking three more shots. I caught it. It's all good. That one misses. That one hits. That's a 19. That's okay. (counting) That's 12 points of damage. For a third, slightly less exciting attack. Natural 20! But its magicked up. Okay, that's fine. That's two to three, so that's five. So it was a five. And then six because this is doubled. I'm going to see if I can hop back up out of-- am I ever getting out of melee, or am I not getting out of melee? It will still get an attack of opportunity on me, though. Without disadvantage now. You know, I'm going to stick around for now. I'm going to keep a flanking point. I’m going to move a little bit, so that we’re spread out around it. So it has to make some decisions. That's going to be a lot of movement. Should I try something offensive or healing-based, do you think? How are you doing, Caleb? Okay, so we're going to do this. We're going to run out and cast Healing Word on Caleb. Level one. Yes, 1d4 plus four. So that's seven points. But I can use my action for the bonus action. You can't up a bonus action to an action? Man! So I can't cast anything higher than level one either, can I? I can only cast cantrip at this point. I would have done that in the reverse order if I had been thinking about things. Well, what do I got? I got a-- oh! Caleb's healed and that's good. Do we want to try? Let's try Toll the Dead. It's a wisdom saving throw. You point at one creature you can see within range, and the sound of a-- you succeed at a wisdom saving throw or take 1d8 of necrotic. If the target is missing any of its hit points, it instead takes 1d12 necrotic damage. 2d12. Boom! I think she's going to back up again. You're a beast. You're great. Is there enough gut to hit? 16 to hit, so that's not bad. (exaggerated Texas drawl) Hexblade's Curse. Step all the way back. Might as well, because you can always run back there. Do you get to try and make it not move? I don't still get to take my attack of opportunity, even though that happened? He tried to and I try to make a jab. I'll take no advantage. I thought I might be flanked. That's a (counting) 24 to hit. That's (counting) nine points of damage. Yeah, nine. Dex save? Dex save? 22 for me. Ten for Jester. Okay, so 14 points of piercing damage. Is that the whole, or did you not do the whole thing? I'm up. I'm fine. You want to go first? Got any thoughts? (counting) Eight points of slashing damage. Oof, that's rough. I'm going to take two swipes at-- I'm going to try and move. I'm going to try and move somewhere where I'm flanking. Is there any flanking available at the moment? I was about to say, is it in any way that going to give her a little cover, at the very least? I'll move in and then move around-- well, no, goddamn it. I'm going to take a couple shots and see how this goes. Because I can use some hits that are all right. Yeah, that's what we're doing. First hit. I'm not throwing away my shot. That's a 22 to hit. Let's get that first thing. That's 12 points of damage? Next strike. That definitely hit. That's 24. (counting) That's ten points of damage. I've got that one really soft blade and I'm rolling it, and I want to see that one little opening and I want it to bend. The sword bends and does that Chinese martial art thing where it goes and pops all the way into the center of it, and I go wrist deep into the thing. I got a new die, baby. Does it look familiar, motherfucker? It's the nega-Snitch. I found the place where the Snitch came from. I had the woman make me one out of iron. Boom, motherfucker. It's been middly, but it's done okay today. Gil has been a help today. Oh, no, we're immediately going to help. Yeah, we got 1st-level Lay on Hands to get her up. You did so well. No, really. You did some good stuff in there. You kept it sitting. Yeah, I want to take a look in the other room too, and give them a proper look. Liam, you get ten hit points, and you get 12. You get ten. From Jester. I'm going to walk over to the door and start beating it with a sword. You can't dex cut this thing? You can't pop it in? Eight. No, go ahead. The three of us will get that door open. At some point we'll cast Detect Magic-- I mean, the fact that we're going to leave the door open and it's not coming up, but yeah, we'll go get the core and I figure we're going to do a thorough investigation of the whole thing once Caleb can do a Detect Magic. It's like a weaponized version of one of those balls that you throw up in the air and it turns inside out. I'm going to keep cutting off the arms so we can get to it. What could you have possibly have been doing, Matt? Sorry! We've had a short rest, and we'll do a quick search. Can you do a Detect Magic spell, Caleb? Oh, yeah come on, that's all right. Go fuck yourself, Beau. Come on. All right, come on, we're going to get you guys out of here. (strained) We're going to go. I hold up the glowing crystal. You should see the other one. (laughs) Do I buy this? I want to have an insight versus deception check on you. All right. I ain’t going to mess with you, I just want to know. Nope, that's an eight. Unless you roll really poorly. Come on, Nott. We did. We may need that later, sadly. It did work us over quite well. I'm going to take the crystal back. I'm so sorry, we may need this. He doesn't know about the Schusters. No, we mentioned vaguely that we might want something. We have some friends that are currently interred here for financial troubles? Nothing dangerous, nothing violent. We were wondering if we could make a deal for maybe some leniency. If that's possible. Also, we do have a bit of the mechanism, and if everybody here is all right, I am of the opinion that if anybody asks us, it was your brilliant idea to let us into that cell in the first place to take care of this problem. If anybody asks, we know who is absolutely responsible for this. You saw something in us. You took a chance, and we're grateful for it. All right, come on, man. For fuck's sake. That's a six. I don't have any persuasion. I don't know why-- Somebody should pick up, but we don't have our talker here right now. Yeah, that's no problem. Jester will be happy to pay. (laughter) Laura, you can text right now. That's okay. Laura will text if she has a problem with that. Fjord will pay half! So 75 gold each. Seven. Okay. So that's all right. Bump bump. Oh, and look at that! It's all done! Look at that, it's all done. That all happened! It's as if it never was! That's what you get for getting knocked up, man. Right there. Sorry. (laughter) Kids are a deep financial drain, man! We never understand what's happening, either. Best not to think about it. Roll for dubstep. It's us. Open it up! We have a request. Oh, that's just mean. I'm so glad we understand each other. Take care of them. I'm not even going to go there. Explains why your face is doing that, I suppose. It's not a good look on you. Come on, let's go find a quiet place to sleep. I'm exhausted. Long rest. Get your tinker toy. Going to take it away. I will only stop if there's something interesting in a window. Otherwise, I figure we're heading back to pick up the crossbow. Skype-five. If there was possible to buy some food, I want to have some camping food for the rest, like good stuff. Oh yeah, just really good food. Some meat, veggies. Just (grunts). Done! We're eating good! Yep. We're going to be eating really good. Maybe the lesson was for us. I'm not sure. I'm so excited. Ooh, nice. Woo! That can happen. That's okay. That's very you. It's very you. Look at you, becoming a people person. Or at least a bird person. Fuck you, too. We got to get on the road. We can't thank you enough. We'll definitely come back in contact next time we're rolling through town. We leave her the drinking tokens. They need use. I think it's fair. Very much taking you up on that. That's going to end well. Something very positive's going to come out of that relationship. Let's get on our way soon. Let's make our way. Where was this? The three of them, yep. Yep. Maybe you hit him enough so that you left a clue. Yes. To be fair, it’s not like the money would do her any good right now. They’re going to take all of that, so if anything-- Really, it’s our money now. I’m going to have access to this haversack for a while, I’m just saying. Sorry. Oh boy. I’m going to get in trouble. Oh god! No! No, it’s like playing D&D with General Zod. I mean I’m happy to do it, but it is a little weird. (laughter) Bless you. Never again. This is the most complicated revenge plan I've ever heard. MARISHA; I know! These fucking assholes are like, "One of us! When are you going to join our "misery?!" And I'm like, "No!" Sleep is all gone.