You obviously can't read while I'm painting your face. Say it with me you did this to yourself. He's a snake person! Deep in the single digits over here. This is a cleric thing. The wind-up. These are Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom villains. It means they hurt. A lot of things. It means that they could actually do damage to us, possibly. They could be glass cannons. We're probably about to find out. No, I was following your lead. Are you in the single digits or double? Prone still means you're disadvantage-- no, they have advantage. I'm going to shake it off a little bit. I'm going to-- Yeah, I'll stand up. I'm going to back into the corner. I'm going to use my bonus action to just-- No, I'm not going to bother with that for now. It's not really going to-- If you go down, you go down at this point. No healing I'm going to do is going to keep you from going down if you get hit by a triple. I can just get you back up. (conflicted stuttering) I'm going to do a-- Where'd it go? These are cantrips. Healing Word on Beau. I mean. Eight points of healing. I'm going to hold the Channel Divinity Path to the Grave spell for Yasha. Mm-hmm. Right as Yasha starts to move, I'm going to. You don't know. It's going to make Yasha boss. I'm going to cast Channel Divinity on the angry snake in armor. Yes. You'll find out. Hot. I needed that today, thank you. That's also a ramp, isn't that harder terrain to get up there? Denied. It uses a reaction for that? That's bullshit. Yeah. I'm very curious to see how this is going to go. I just want to look her over. What is this room? What is happening? What was going on? 20. 21. Priestess of Zehir, what was this place before you found it? Do you know its name, or are you afraid of it? As I'm large, goofy grin, I'm going to start touching one of the other priestesses and I'm going to start the process. Don't mind that. Cure Wounds. I don't know, can I? Or is it too--? Fair. All right, I was wondering if I was pushing this too far. Yeah. Oh man. Dexterity check? Oh no. Eight. I obviously do cast the spell, don't I? Can I start? That's cheating. Doesn't seem very helpful. I'm going to start poking around some of this. Is this attached to the walls? I'm going to talk to the moss. I'm going to ask the moss to make sure you have a very comfy sleep, do what they can. You guys take care of that one. No, Beau is definitely not feeling okay. Is there sign of blood in or around the fountain or in any of the grooves? I'm seeing if the blood makes it all the way down here. That's 21. Anywhere where there's moss, am I finding these matching holes? Ugh. Ten. I'm thinking about plugging these holes. Don't do that! How many points down are you right now? We can both use-- Wait, what can you turn into stone? That's not a bad idea. We could do that with-- we have-- it's a little morose, but we've got some dead people. Let's definitely check those bodies. You can take it. (whispering) Seven days. I would love to take a last look at the snake iconography and the bits that have been added to see how well-- I don't want to fudge them or anything, but where's there a keyhole? Are these things attached to the wall? What's the deal? Oh man, it would be. Eight. I'm worried about what that might do. I don't know. This is obviously an older temple than they're giving it credit for, which means there's probably things here that are older than snakes. Yeah? I don't know. I've never tried. No, it's perfectly fine to stack graves. It's actually very efficient. It's a great way of using if you have a limited amount of space. Over time, you eventually end up doing that. That's common practice. Yeah, apparently they do that. Can we understand any of these glyphs? Is there anything that-- I don't think we want the water to go into the ground. I already tried and it didn't happen. Or it's just mean. I just suck as a healer. Did you take it with food or did you just put it in your system? That's a very nice paintbrush. It doesn't look weird. It's just algae, right? Does this seem like the stuff that's in these people? I've seen several heads come off and I've got samples of it available to me. Including the crazy dude? The one that was super-- And this is not that? So we're looking for a keyhole. Let's assume that bad things are going to come out of these holes at some point. I have thoughts. I don't know. I mean, if I were going to make snake people, I'd put them in a room with snakes and I'd have a way of calling the snakes when it's time to start changing those people into snakes. Maybe the blood sacrifice is what lets them know it's dinner time. Yeah, but I think they're going to-- yeah, you got it. I think we've got to move this fountain. What do I know about this god? About this snake god? Let's let that inform us as we figure out which of these socket the gems go into. Do we want to do all three at the same time? Oh, well, that's fair. Can we throw a little light down there to see if anything tries to bite at it? It's locked and we have the key. I'm making an athletics check. Ten. I'm going to let the trees know that we're here. I'm going to let the trees-- I'm not going to touch the tree, but I'm going to walk up. I don't know the last time you had people in here, but we're going to try and pass through. If you want, we'll take some fruit, if you want the fruit to leave the chamber. If not, we'll try and do our best to leave it be. We respect your space here. Cool. Does this look or smell like anything those people eat? I don't see how those things are non-interchangeable. It's like I got a lemon tree! Yeah, Fjord? How are you all drinking? What is it that you live off of? How is this possible in here? I'm going to quickly, out of fear, cast Eyes of the Grave one more time. Yeah, all right. These are carnivorous. Are the trees the same color as the blood of these creatures upstairs? Is it a similar--? I think they've been feeding these things. Is there any signs of animal life in here? Is it any more complex of an ecosystem? I feel like I'm missing something. I think it's for fruit collecting. I think maybe you should draw what you see. Yeah, that's an interesting question. Why don't you have the owl see it and maybe you could see through the owl. Or you could just eat that. I am going to sit on unbelievably high alert, and this place is giving me the heebie jeebies. I'm making my own light source on the staff now. The old serpent. I imagine they are speaking of the previous owner of this temple. Probably. Beneath us. We are the warden right now. We've got two wardens. This is what I'm estimating-- I'm going to take a look-- You're making a terrible mistake. Stop. Please? Is it wet in here or is it dry in here, would you say? Out of curiosity-- Can I use Create or Destroy Water to try and dehydrate these vines really badly? -- certainly try. Okay. Can't pull it from a creature. I would know that? Okay. I'm going to try and-- god, the only thing I can think to do at the moment is just do a Sacred Flame to try and get it to let go while I make my way to higher ground because maybe we need to give it blood. I don't know. 11. Bad-esque. Hulk smash. I can sometimes influence plants. I'm going to try and get them to stop. I'm going to try to tell the trees to stop. We're not here for you. Let go and stop this, or I can't be held responsible for what happens to this place. Do not join the cycle of life and death here. Do I get advantage? An intimidation check? All right. No. Wow, that's a terrible roll-- and a terrible roll. Seven. No, no, eight. That's okay! I'm going to use my bonus to cast Spare the Dying anyway on Nott. You're stabilized. Darn it. Last turn. Just need to get Nott to higher ground. To higher ground would be nice. Anywhere where we can see clearly. I just-- do we know where we're going yet? Are we still being attacked by these things? (sarcastically) Happily. SAM and 20. Are we taking ten minutes, or are we just moving on now? Well, all right then. I'm going to just pull a little energy out of the crystal and I'm going to tap Nott on the forehead and cast Cure Wounds at level three. You have 30 hit points. That's good to know, too. I'm going to inspect these two plants. If there's anything that would have been difficult to get to past these two plants. I feel like maybe those are the-- they might be -- I'm going to cast some-- I'm going to use my light maybe to give everybody a little view. Knee bone connected to the-- Posthaste? Possibly? North. The warden garden. South? I'll take a look. Can I -- I'm going to keep some distance to see if anything snaps at me. I've gotten a little jumpy. Not very good, 15. Can I get a sense of the sort of animal that would've laid-- Yeah, this is the south-- fountain feeds the-- Also, can I figure out being in here, do we have any idea how those portholes, those four portholes up above, would feed into this room? How healthy does that egg look? They're lizard eggs, aren't they? Mm-hmm. How healthy-- oh, yeah. Yeah, there's some reptile-- large reptile eggs in the-- It appears to be a hatchery of some kind. Yeah, I'll take a look to see if-- God, these are terrible. 14. It could be where, once the eggs hatch, they come up, or this is how they get the eggs down, this is a nesting area. All right, what's the west side really quickly? Oh, that's better. 19. No, but I think it keeps going down. I think they just never quite sealed it up. They're not expecting problems, and they don't seem that bright. I guess we'll take a quick look at north just to finish things off? 22. Is it possible to tell if these eggs might hatch anytime soon, or are they that's left of them? All right. Let's do that. My nature is terrible, which is ironic. But I rolled a natural 20, so that should do. Is this true? Both look similar, both seem-- There's probably no direct danger leaving these things untouched for now. I think we've found a way down there, at the very least. How big is the entrance into that little, unfinished-- Does it seem like it's separating from the rock, even a little, if I take a look at it from the side? Aw, man. Low intelligence. That's a 13. Throw some light in there. I'm going to keep trying, see if there's anything that connects to anything. I'll grab a couple of the fruit that were on the ground and put them in my pocket. Put the high people in the middle, maybe. I'll be in front of you, just so we have a cleric on either end. Five. Oh, thank god! Got a brand new map, got a brand new map! She doesn't see the other side of it. I can do one. Who's going to take it? Poison resistance. All right. I'm going to cast Protection from Poison on Beau. Level two. You have advantage on saving throws against being poisoned, and you have resistance to poison damage. That hurts. I apologize for this. I don't think it needs to see. I'm not even sure if it really-- do I know how snakes-- It probably can see in the dark. I think that we need to stay far away from this thing. I think we need to get its shield away from it. Wizard and cleric in the back. Simultaneous. Hey! 38. Is that just straight? No. Yasha got to roll, too? Eight. Although that will be good because if I go right before Yasha. That means that I can-- Oh, that power of mine doesn't work as a big, simultaneous smush, it's just one attack, but I have to choose which attack that it-- Yeah. I still keep my reaction. Oh no! Wow. I'm going to give you a quick pop since you could use a little bit of-- You're welcome, I can't keep doing that. Just a quick Cure Wounds really quickly. Where are my d8s? That's not a d8. Ah, a d8. That's nine points of damage. Yeah, my bonus actions, not a lot I can do with my bonus actions at the moment. For my bonus action, I'm going to cast a Light spell on the other side of the wall really quickly so that we have some light in this. Yeah. Just on one of the columns. Then I'm going to take some cover. Oh, it's an action, never mind, can't do it! Okay, well I'm going to hide. I'm going to pull in the back and hide. Yeah, just around the corner so I can't get hit by a bow. I'm going to advise you do the same eventually. We've already done some damage. He's about to take more damage. There's a bubble. Oh my god. Isn't it technically a sneak attack at this point? I thought you did rage as a bonus action. Damn it. That's so cool. I'm going to run out into the room. I want to run out. Can I see both of these creatures? How far would I have to go to see both of them? Shit. I'll just see one of them, then. I'm going to cast Bane. That's a 16 charisma. All right, you know what Bane does? I can tell you. You have to roll a d4 for every attack or saving throw. You roll a d4 and you subtract that from what you get. I don't even think it is concentration. Is it? There's no 'C' on this thing. Oh, there it is. Never mind, I'm an idiot. No, I'm going to hide back in. Yeah. I was going to say, would you have spent that spell? Would she have been able to spend that spell? If she couldn't-- Nevertheless she did. Smart. They need the d4 and at disadvantage. I've never used Bane. I should really start using Bane. Bane! Yeah. You doing okay? MARISHA and There's a d4 negative also. Also, the little-- Avantika and-- Which you are-- Fuck you, hydra! Oh! That a fucker's, oh! Okay. Things can still go wrong. And the other one. That went well. Jester, you first. No reactions, none of them. I mean, no, because, I mean-- (groans) It's good that we burned those two actions for that; I feel like that was a good use. That would've been-- That was about as disappointing-- SAM and If you've ever had fluffernutter, that's about the flavor of it. Yasha, are we--? I'm going to yell down to Yasha I know what he's vulnerable to. I'm going peek out and cast my Path to the Grave before Yasha's turn on the hydra. It's now vulnerable to everything. The next hit is double damage. It's what we did last time. Next hit is double damage, I'm back to hiding. Just plow. So auto-advantage. It's okay, it's still holding. You still have it, though. She can also back off without repercussions. Is that a natural 20 against you? (counting) Oh. Can I see from my vantage or can I not? How are you feeling? All right, that'll do. The problem is the fucker behind you. Minus? Technically, isn't it flanked right now, too? No, we can-- Oh, not on that side of things, but you see the other side. It's wet. Unless it cracked from throwing it. Oh yeah. I'm getting nervous. Got to admit, I'm getting nervous. I'm running out of cool shit to do. There we go. If it's a natural 20, then the Bane doesn't even matter. Yeah, the 20 is the only thing you can roll with a Bane that would definitely have no effect. MATT and We need a fire. No. I'm going to-- Oh, no, he doesn't have fucking-- I'm going to pop my head up and I think I'm going to back against the wall so that I can actually see what's going on for now because I'm starting to get nervous. I'm going to use my bonus action-- Yeah. Fuck, man. I'm also going to look at that undead motherfucker in the corner and-- Pull your weight. I hate lazy people. You found one of my buttons. I'm going to do a bonus action Healing Word on you. It's not a lot. Eight points of healing. Then I'm going to use my other-- I can do this twice. I'm going to use Path to the Grave again. The hydra has a problem one more time. Yeah, I'm using Path to the Grave one more time on the hydra. Once and this is now my second because it resets after a short rest. Is that including the-- Yeah. Did you also do the thing where the first hit of every-- Correct. Okay. We need fire. And also attacks. I'm curious if I buy his bullshit or not. All right, thank you. Ugh, ten. Oh, with negative d4. Yeah, she's hard to hit. Even with the Bane? Goddamn it. Goddamn it. I'm out of healing. We're within talking range. You don't have to yell at-- Oh thank god. You want to go first? Actually I'll go first. I apparently have more 3rd-level spells than I thought, so that's exciting. I'm going to cast Spirit Guardians at level three. I just tap my staff and a bunch of creepy little glowing fairies start flying around me. That's a wisdom 16 save. Minus d4. Just need a two. I'm so sorry, I wouldn't have dropped the Bane, then. I'm so sorry. I didn't see that it was concentration. That would have changed my plan-- I'm so sorry. That's fine. Did we figure out what the constitution of this creature was, by the way? I'm just going to do what I was going to do originally which is I'm going to do a level three Guiding Bolt. That's fine. Please. What's the plus to this? Where is my spell attack-- Fuck! 13. Fuck, man. Bonus action, I'm going to vanish. I'm going to move two spaces over. To my right. No, like-- Yeah, right in front of Caleb. Just to get funky. Fuck man. Yasha, please, Yasha. Might as well get right up in there, I suppose. Fuck, I'm an idiot. I'm such an idiot. I've got to get better at this. I know. I'm seeing things I should have done. No bonus? I'm an idiot. Roll for balls. That explains a lot. That's nice. Thank you for not shooting it in the pool because that might have killed you. Beau would have taken an automatic death saving fail. Large groups of enemies, it's a great idea.