There are holes in all of my business pants! Did you do your chores, Gail? Yes, Gail. Gag us all with a spoon. (laughter) What kind of advice did Nancy Reagan give you? No one really knows. It sounds like there's very expensive things to drink and eat. I'm going to get my pocketbook. I think we're all up and moving at this point. I think you've had enough. It's making you weird. I definitely want to see this. I'm very much about this. We'll get that to-go. I sort of agree with Nott on this, I think there comes a point where it's a skeleton and not an actual dead person at this point. I mean, I know it is a dead person. I think there's a point where it's like a piece of fruit, but it's been out so long that even conceiving of it as a piece of fruit is not useful. That is also a very fair point. Fjord, don't you dare have fun without us! I'm rolling out the door. I think we're immediately heading to Trebuchet. Do you fire it? Do you sit in it? I don't know. There's only one way to find out. You shouldn't have hit that woman with a sandbag. No, he paid already. It's a dexterity? With disadvantage. 19. I think I may have to-- I've spent my luck. I think it may be off to you and then one for you. Three throws. One each. It's still not terrible. That's a six. Wait. Right, let's just-- It's out. I hardly know, but I've thrown a baby before. Odd. Mmm. Mm-hmm. (muffled) Tastes better with the victory. I won a strawberry. This about when I run up What'd you get? What are the options? I'll take whatever's most expensive. Mm-hmm. Can you rage at this thing when you-- You get another swing, yeah. Oh yeah, no, I'll do that when I see you going in. One silver, four copper. A barrel of books! I'm going to run up behind Caleb, have you run Detect Magic on any of this? Just, there's so much. I figure something's got to be interesting. I can absolutely do that. I'm going to run towards the tapestry booth. I'm seeing if there's anything deeply gaudy. That's beautiful. How much is that, then? How big is this piece, out of curiosity? It's purchased. Ten gold? My god. Bless you, master craftsmen! My god. It is such a rendition of the Platinum Dragon that I've never seen before. I clutch at my Platinum Dragon brooch. It's beautiful. Oh, I have fucking plans, people! Swing it over my shoulder, and I'll be walking around like a pike. Is it just simple weapons, or is it simple ranged weapons? Simple weapons, okay. Is it still disadvantage to the middle target? And the sword? We're not eating the rats. I also follow. That was worth following around for. TRAVIS and Kingsman. Mm-hmm. You should take a shot at that. At the very least, you have a lot to prove. Oh, I wouldn't-- Oh. You get to roll again. I think I've literally made 200 gold since we've met, minimum, at this point. It's been like a week. I think that if I saw lots of random nines around the city I don't think I'd know what that was connected to. Oh, I think we are. I'd be all right with that. Mollymauk. What makes you think they're not going to start conscripting people tomorrow? Maybe we should win the fight, then maybe think about getting out of town? Made it at Kinko's. That was good. That was very good. Ixnay. 17. Six. Probably not. I'll back up into mine. That, I think, is the door where it opens. 23. I'm going to use Vicious Mockery and just, you know (demonic voice) You've got no arms, it's awful! It's a psychic attack. It says wisdom, but is it charisma? Okay, yeah. That saves. That's okay. I'm going to also use my bonus action to light my other sword. I have both blades going now, so I'm knocking that down. With not the ice, the-- I'm going to run, let's see, I've got 30 feet? I'm going to cross and run for cover behind that. Yeah. It's going to swallow people. How many feet away am I from this thing? I'm going to start dashing to that next-- yeah, that direction. I'm going to do one more attempt at Vicious Mockery. (Infernal noises) He still saves? That's what I got. There's no short rest between here and-- Plus seven. Not before the next fight, I don't think. What's your medicine check? Like heal. No, don't do that. I don't know. Focus on one target at a time. I'll back up into that far corner. Yeah. 21. I'm going to take a run towards the fake Jester. Yeah, it's where I can get there. I'm going to try and see if I can make Vicious Mockery work on this thing. I do have line of sight? (sinister voice) Bad doggy! (laughter) Yep, butt turkey, you heard me. That's one point of psychic damage and it has disadvantage next attack. Eight. I am not resistant to cold. Ow! No, I'm fine. I'm not fine but ow! Ah! Should have had disadvantage. It's a cone? Yeah, okay. All right. That's a yes. I'm going to take a slashing attack at the guy right in front of me. That's-- oh, goddamn it-- that's 12 to hit? I'm going to hit it again. Oh my god, it's a natural fucking one. (mix of cheers and groans) I'm going to try and circle around a little bit to space everybody out a bit. It still has disadvantage from the-- for its attack, though. Barely. Yasha could use some healing. I'm going to breathe deep and take a run at this damn thing. Straight into it and I'm going to come swinging out at it. That's a hit, that's a 23 to hit? This thing doesn't take extra damage from this does it? No, that's fine. Seven points of damage for the first hit. Is that right? No, wait, yeah that's right. Then, 23 to hit-- 21 to hit. That's seven points of damage again. I want to go in and I want to see if I can carve through the mouth as deep in-- I'm going to try and get right in there-- I'm going to do a dental jawbreaker. Then they would be alone out there for like two rounds. That seems like a terrible plan. We're all one hit away from-- I don't think we would get-- I think it's a terrible plan. This is such a bad idea. This is such a bad idea. This is going to be like two rounds to get to whoever-- You're going to be alone for two full rounds with whatever this thing is. Yeah, what if you're there-- what if it comes out of that door? This is a terrible plan. No, there's one two-- Yeah, no. I'm going to go to the opposite point from Caleb. Yeah. Yeah, this is so bad. We're going to drop so fast. I'm going to go against the wall, against the back of that wall there. You're going to be at disadvantage because it's going to be right next to you. Aren't you glad you weren't standing there by yourself for that? You get one. It would have been three rounds before I could do any damage. Before it killed him. (shouting) It's my door! Oh, my god. (laughter) Overestimating the value of surprise.