Make sure Sam exits the plane first. Sam exits the plane first. 14. I'm going to head up to the other side of the void. Yeah, I’m going to sit there. I'm going to start one of the blades up, and I'm going to hold my attack for anything that crosses my path. Actually, I'll say the minute I see something, it's Vicious Mockery. But we can't see him. Have I heard any of this happening or--? Oh, for gods' sakes. I am going to run straight through the-- No, I'm going to stay at the edge of this and I'm going to use Vicious Mockery. (demonic voice) Stop where you are! Yes. That passes, yeah. Blood Maledict. With the added-- Disadvantage on that. He still has disadvantage. Yeah, I did. No, that was good. If I run up behind it, do I then get advantage because he's flanked? I'm going to do that. It's all nonlethal once you stabilize it after you put it down to the ground. All right, first strike with the-- No, I know. I'm paying attention. First strike with the scimitar is a natural 20! Does that do a thing then? For him or is it just double damage? Okay, nothing weird in that. Yeah, no. I miss things. I don't get special damage to him, do I? So I don't have enough movement to go for another. Run in, and if I can flank him great. If not I'm still going to take my shot. All right. That's 21 to hit. 22. Oh god. I don't get the d6 on that, so that's five points of damage. I'm going to bounce off the wall, after the other one hit, and spinning around and finally taking him, and knocking him out with the little spike on the side of the sword. Right in the helmet. Someone go deal with Beau. I'm pulling the armor off. Did I feel anything when I hit it? Did it set off the blood hunter spider sense at all? All right. Just curious. I got 50 feet of hempen rope. With Beau's. I was going to say with Beau's rope, because she's also got the hook. There's no bows. I'm going to put 116 platinum. 12 gold. 116 platinum! We can't stay here. We've got to move. Everybody who's looking for him. Thank you. We can start heading back in our direction at the very least. Get further away from-- I don't know it seems kind of small, doesn't it? Who are these people who caught this person would be another question they might ask. We got to be careful. No one is a hero for very long. That was a metaphor. Do we need a little greasing? There it is. You just rolled over it. Oh, for god's sakes. You can't reason with angry people. Should I expedite this? Come on, friend. We just need to ask you a few questions and we'll let you be on your way, as long as there's nothing too inappropriate happening. Devil's Tongue. Wisdom save, second level. Are you trying to weasel out of my-- Or advantage. So you get one more roll. It's a wisdom save, so it's ten plus my wisdom modifier? So, that's 13. We're not with the empire. We're private individuals just trying to get by. We wandered into a lot of chaos, so we just want to know what we're getting wrapped up in right now. What's the Beacon? It's right there. Is it important? Why? I'm just trying to understand, friend. Help me help you. What is the beacon for? The rebirth of what? This all sounds very complicated to me. I am personally of the opinion that we just let everything go. My friends are your friends. You're making a very, very good argument, and my friends are your friends. We're all here to help. Sorry to tell you, but I think your friend may have got hit on the end of something fierce and may not have made it. I thought I saw someone fly by and take him out. I'm sorry. We're trying to fight corruption in this city in our own way. We just need to know who we can trust and who we can't. I know my vote, but anybody else? Eh, not our problem. That's fair. Charm spells are mean. Like an hour. I can do two people. That's rude. I'm going to start moving towards untying him unless anyone's got any-- If we're all good-- Insight check. Do I get advantage because he's friends with me? Double insight. That's not bad. 21. Personally, this seems like more than I feel like taking on right now. I say we walk away, and you'll know that our silence means that we were trustworthy in the first place. Have you ever pawned anything before? Now we're getting silly. He's not going to leave without the beacon. Did he get worried when we said we were going to take a look at it one more time? Agreed. No. You first. I walk over and scrape my radiant sword against the orb. Just seeing. Just going to give it a little tap. I’m not cutting it, I'm just tapping it. Does the radiant energy have any effect on it? What's your name again, friend? Help us out, here. I'm Molly, and I-- Give my friends more to go with. Give them something, some reason to trust you, to make sure that this is not going to come back and bite us in the ass. I mean, that's what we're looking for, here, is a reason for us to be able to walk away. Should send him to a monastery. How did you lose the thing in the first place that you need to get it back? By who? I don't have any wizards. Well, I have one wizard, but-- Well, to be fair, they are kind of arseholes. How did they take it? Did they come to you? Sent by whom? Your empress? Which empress would this be? I don't know anything. It's part of my charm. I say we give him his armor, and that thing, and be on our way. This is none of our concern. That could be funny, too. Well, we're not going to give it to you. We're just going to leave it here. I think that's fair, we didn't give him anything. We found him, he attacked us, we defeated him, we walked about our way. We don't know what he's going to do. I'm all right with this. Anyone else? Unless you've got a strong opinion otherwise, Caleb, on that thing. Unless you've got a strong opinion on that thing otherwise. You don't have to stare at it some more. If it's beyond you, then it's beyond me. I say we just let it go. Okay, we're getting into singing. No. I'm calling it, then? Just give him his bits. Give him just the armor. We'll leave it right next to the bit. There are good opportunities and bad opportunities, and this one is giving me the vibration that perhaps we should just leave him be. Well, he's going to be a little irritated at me in about half an hour. I'm going to start fraying the rope just a bit, so that it'll be breakable with a little bit of work. Are we off? Mm-hmm. Just give it a little-- I wasn't going to break it, I was just going to fray it. We were literally just doing that. And boy, I've got to tell you that you are really overestimating their fondness for me right now. (laughs) Your stuff's over there. I'm going to say, right now, that was the easiest 20 platinum I've ever made in my entire life. No. That's fair. I think he probably has some thing. Whatever they do. Why are you so keen on this one? I mean, that was a lot. I don't want to get involved in that. That's crazy. Let's roll. Do we want to end this really quickly? We could go over and get involved in that, since you seemed so keen-- MARISHA and Oh, now you don't want to. But it wasn't. He also technically memorized it. Bad at this. Shh! (laughter) Or you can take the lowest? No? Okay. Ten. No. I'm standing with Fjord, in shock and horror. I swear we just had this conversation. What changed? You can turn into an alley? Walking at a very gentle pace in that direction. Stay in school! So sorry. I'm so sorry! Oh goddamn it. I've know you too long now. I feel sick. What a perfect stay in school moment. I have a hooded lantern we can put it in in the meantime. Tinkerbell. I like this plan. We're going to see if we can find, like, a-- Would they sell a lead box at a magic shop? We need a safe, is what we need. Let's hide it with the skeleton for now. We’ll put some of your thread on it? And that way it’ll be down there, unconnected to us just in case someone finds it, and if they do, we’ll know the minute they touch it. For now. Teamwork. Fine, let's do this. Before we go in, we're going to go to the basement. I say we put it behind the skeleton. Do I get anything from it? Is it a normal human skeleton? Ten. An alarm and a lock? I like this plan. It's a good plan. I think we're going to need you upstairs for some identification. I think it would be less suspicious sleeping down here. So noted. And if someone spies on it, I don't want them to see you with it. You can spy on anything, I imagine. I mean, it's magic, right? Is that really going to work? It’ll take 20 seconds to get here from the second that alarm goes off. One night. Well. Can I help with this? Yeah, I can! Is this survival? Seven. Let’s put it behind the skeleton. If I came down here, I’d look in the crates. It’s the first thing I’d do. I look in the crate. Awesome. Nope. Never mind. Damn. That was good thought, though. Thread. Lock. One of you, if not both of you. So we’re going to go in and out of this room several times tonight? That in no way is suspicious, but that’s fine. I have had this roommate. Whoa. There should be an annoyance check. This is so great. There's money and loot. Let's take a look. We're going to want to take a look at these boots. These daggers. Let's not be hasty. Well, we're not going to speak of that in mixed company, but they're dealing with other problems. Let's divvy up the loot. I've worked it out, that's 19 platinum apiece, and two gold pieces apiece. With two platinum left over. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, all right. How do they look? I think they clash a bit, but-- No, not really. They're caffeinated. Sorry. Oh, they're very comfortable and they keep everything else clean. I'm playing with the longsword. I'm going to parry. Boy, that hits! Ow! I hit her with the flat of the blade. Any effect? Any effect? My god, it works! It's amazing! You're a remarkable judge of character, you know that? I think what Beau is trying to imply is-- I'm going to use something a little more basic. Do you know the story of the scorpion and the turtle? And then what happens? The scorpion rides on the turtle's back across a river. The scorpion stings the turtle, they both drown. What is the moral of this story? That's true, but the full point of this, and the point I'm trying to make, is that with a group like this with very untrustworthy people, you've got to trust each other-- because you have to trust somebody. You can't trust not anybody, because you're just alone. We don't trust you. You've tried to steal from us twice. You've tried to steal from us. Not me, us. This is where the circle has to start. We will support you in doing some ridiculous stuff, but you have to keep it outside. And that means sometimes you can't do the thing you want because it's going to be better for everybody else, and sometimes everybody else is wrong, but you have to go with it. Nothing, there's been no earned trust-- I actually did take a crossbow bolt, knocked myself unconscious, trying to save your life! I saved your life! And it doesn't matter, we start from scratch! This is where it starts! When? We didn't want it! So if you really don't trust us, I'll happily take that 40 platinum back, right now. God, you're making me agree with her. See? No, we're in it for what we can all grab together. That's how these things work. This is why the circus worked. This is why the circus was functional. So do you think it would be a good idea to explain to him that he almost got himself killed tonight? Turning on a bunch of people he was working with, he almost got himself killed tonight for nothing. And you're not nearly as smart as you think you are. I try not to have ideas about people, they just get in the way. If you do, bring all of this stuff so he can actually do something useful. No, he created this situation, I'm all right with this. Well, we get to tell him now, don't we? And stop expecting people to earn things. You just have to sometimes go with it. We literally caught you stealing our stuff. Here's an extra platinum. I did. When they catch them stealing their stuff, yes they do. Her! Fjord's stuff, technically. She was stealing. Here, you can cast Friends on me, I'll tell you everything you want to know. Oh gods, suddenly I'm compelled to answer everything truthfully! Oh no, more of whatever you're drinking, I can't help, stop, ack! I feel that. There was an extra platinum in there. Take the items and the unearned trust downstairs. Oh no, that's coming too. Take the things, we'll see you in a bit. Natural 20! You would think so, but no. I think they're doing something. I heard something. It sounded like a thump. Yeah, that's something we can find out in the morning. There's a way to do it. We're going this way. d10, no con modifier? Okay. All right. Six! Huh? All right, we'll wait for you. I'm going to wake up and go see what the girls are doing. I'm going to point out, because I took Tough-- So I'm at 49 hit points But now I burn through more to use my swords. Trying to rip the cart off the dead horses. I think we would need a proper smuggler for that. A well-built cart with a secret compartment. No, I don't know a smuggler. I don't know anybody in this city. Oh god. We have some reading, if you like. I'm going to grab the copy of Tusk Love. (laughter) Bam! Bam! That's a daycare. I’m normally not impressed by eccentrics, so this is really impressive. It is. We had the talk. I’m willing to let it slide. That’s fair. Ah! Sword. Boots. Daggers. Oh, not right here, of course. I think that’s-- It could be dangerous. It’s better if they initiate, because then we learn information immediately. That’s what I was thinking. I was starting to go in that direction of Is this a real thing? This is Clarota aftershock. Let's go shopping at Pumat Sol’s and then we’ll divvy up everything when we’re in private. I think we’re probably going to need a couple of healing potions as well. I’m going to window shop, then! Thank you. It was expensive. Greater healing potion, yeah? Potion of healing. Careful if you’re filtering by type. I was having a problem with that. It's "potion of "healing." It's black. It's not green, blue, or purple. It's black text. It took me a second to realize. I was doing a look around to see if there was anything new. 12. The cloak was the most exciting thing. Wow. Ten episodes. The bag? This is really bloody heavy. You could actually-- I know someone who might really enjoy this if you don't want it. We took them all outside and they stayed there. I think I know somebody who could really enjoy this, and I'll hold on to it for a friend. I think Yasha might get a kick out of it. I've known Yasha a long time, she makes her way back around. We'll eventually need a bath and we'll find her again. It’s worth holding onto. I think I’m pretty good with this. Ugh! I'm wondering if the guards are already there looking at the mysterious explosion that happened in that house. Oh, sorry, friend, I've got one of those faces people tend to recognize. Oh, I'll go with it. Lucien?! Don't know. You fuckers don't know shit. So excited.