Thank you, Sam! So crazy. Oh shit. Definitely a long time since I've dealt with anyone in a dragon mask. A bird. That's a weird thing to put in the middle of a swamp. Of people in dragon masks. Thank you. I've picked everything out myself. This is all put together. I'm literally covered in them. Everybody. Literally, the coat is made up of seven different options. Yes. But there's also-- yeah. Yeah. I'm wearing a Platinum Dragon necklace. Sure. That's what everybody says. Remind me to show you my tapestries. No, it's literally my tapestries. She's high on sugar. Don't listen to her. Anyway. Molly. That's somehow even creepier. And right back in the pit. Anyway. Very gently and politely, but yeah. Let's go! We ordered coffee? We're still waiting on coffee? Is there going to be a desert? Was there a desert menu? Can I get a container? Eggs never keep, anyway. Does it always do that? Well done. That's a good joke. I'll also go in the back. Just feathers in your face. Wait, just to be clear Your job-- your only job was to walk to a building and back for god knows how many years and you think we're going the right way? Do you need to be drunk? Now is not the time to start making judgments, sir. Does that clear your memory? Did you both roll? Do we not get advantage? I think the "Mr." was pretty respectable, all things considered. Feel free to dive through the bag for anything you need. Just for fun, (Infernal) stay down. Some days you can't get rid of a bomb. Anything on the right? Right. Is there somebody on the left? Whoa. (gong) Well done. Does this sound like some sort of ward against the undead? I've got that. I'm going to pull out my sword, and I'm going to carve into the side of the tree a big sign that says "Here Lies Salty Pete" with an arrow down, straight below. I don't know, but it sounds like something awful happened to him, doesn't it? Do you have a way of magically marking this as well so we can have a bit of a compass? Yeah like a point-- can you do a thing where you can put a pin in this tree? That's true! Never mind. No, that's not fair. As long as we can make our way back here again one way or the other, and I suppose that's true. Yeah, I think we've already had our fun with the one. No, there's a lot happening over there. The loneliest plant. With that, life delivers a pleasant surprise. Fighters move forward, magic peoples hang back. Theater whisper. Yeah. Let's just pay attention, and if it starts getting close then we'll deal with it. We're just not going to let it escape. We're just going to keep an eye out for it. Did you have your own mask or do they just wear masks, out of curiosity? I tend to find things that live in trees filled with bones tend to not have necessarily many friends. I'm just putting it out there. I have nothing else to base that off of, but it didn't look like a very social creature. Can I see him from here? Seven. Do I technically have advantage because it's trying to perceive an undead creature? I'll join you in the non-stealthing. You'll be going in front of us. Because you're going to talk to him. For now. Nott, why don't we check for traps, too? This should be good. Where did it happen, inside? Or where did they come from? But did they come from the house, or from outside the safe house, or inside? What if there isn't? That's fair. Oh no. Wait. Come back. We're going to loot the corpse anyway. We know where that money's going. We're going to go find it in the tree later. It'll be fine. It's practically going to be in a safety deposit box. 16. It's magic. I'm going to try and cast Enthrall. I don't know. Yes, I believe it's a wisdom-- Yeah, it is racial. (groaning mumbles) Yep. I'll move up to that tree. As a bonus, I'll-- no, I'll hold off. It was a good plan. The acid will do full damage. You can dash and burn your action. No, without the strength modifier. It's like in Willow with the stick. Woo! Does the radiant damage seem to have a particular effect? All right. Yeah. Where is the little bird? There's really not much I can do here, so I'm going to-- I got nothing I can do. Well, I can do that, I'm going to do one more attempt to do a Devil's Tongue. (demonic) Scoot, scoot! Scoot! Oh, wow, holy cow. I'm not used to it working. 5th-level, so hey, look at that, it actually has gone up. 2d4 psychic damage. That's four points of damage and it has disadvantage on its next attack roll. Brain freeze. That's all I got. Glug glug. Are there actual knives stuck in-- Shortswords or daggers? Yeah, we're looting these bodies right now. That's nice. (hiccups)TALIESIN,  (singing) Bird, bird, bird. Bird is the word. B-b-b-bird, bird, bird., ASHLEY, ASHLEY Roll a d4. Why don't we all head in that direction, maybe? In a large, well knit group. (singing) One thing, we've got it coming. Would have been used as a safe house for awhile I imagine, though. Nott, do you want to walk on top of the water for a bit and keep an eye for anything underneath the surface? Well, what if something grabs you from the shore? Like a troll. Yes. We were drunk at the time, it just sort of happened. Why don't you try pulling on the branch that it was tied to? The water is now crystal clear, by the way. Pull on the branch that it was tied to. What? Where did that even go? Oh. Traps! Do you want to throw some light in here? Yeah, we're in there as well. I'll help with this one. Smelling the air for fishy. Oh, doesn't matter anyway. Do you go back and forth? Do we hear the slip and the whoosh? I'm going to point out, we can't retreat. No. She's upstairs. 15. I've already activated a sword. 16. Where am I? Let's see. I'm over there? I'm going to run as far as I can go towards Fjord, and then I'm going to spend the rest of my action running across and get into that little alcove. No, the other side of it, I'm so sorry. So positioning and ready for things to come. I've got nothing for my bonus. One is activated, the other is not. Have anything good on a bonus? Does that get advantage? Aren't they in combo-- wouldn't that be sneak attack? Hi! After! There ain't nothing for me to hit, so I'm going to slightly peek out around the corner, so that I can keep an eye on things, and I'm going to hold my attack for anything that comes within range. Yeah, the circle should be a little further forward, so yeah they're just-- Since he's going to end his turn there. I'm going to go ahead and cast some bullshit on that. This is a reaction. I'm doing a Blood Maledict. The next two attacks are disadvantage. Yeah. One point of damage. Wait, didn't he burn his whole turn just getting to where he was? What did you roll? Are you close enough to the bonus action-- Can someone grab Fjord or is that not happening? I did step out. Hey, we're all friends here. I cast Friends. I know. That was intense. There's a lot in that. Are you going to be all right? You're right. You're going to feel a little weird in a few minutes. I apologize for that. It's a thing. Let's clear this water and let's take a breather. Let's sit down. Thought you needed a minute of clarity. This one less so. I am keeping an eye on these pools, looking for any movement, by the way. Have you not played with your Gil die yet? The official currency of it. Nice manacles. Are they humanoid sized? How deep is that pool? I'm going to search the bottom of it. Can she give me advantage on that? I know. We didn't want to interrupt the thing. It doesn't matter anyway, it's eight. Check that other one too in a moment. The other one, then. I think we're going to have to. Don't we have a cat that can become a fish? Yes. We don't know if there's going to be air on the other side of that, though, so we need people that can-- As long as you don't mind dying, sure. We're going to do this. We'll have a rope tied. We are the worst people. I'm not okay with this. We could even cast the thread and sleep upstairs. Sure. Yeah, sure. I don't think it can be. Actually, here's an insane thing that occurred to me. Technically speaking, Charm Person lasts a really long time. I cast Friends. That's fair. I'm into that. Mr. Caleb. There's only so many burdens we're expected to bear before we're asking for failure. Oh, no. I'm with you. (yelling) You were right, Caleb! You're just a shitty communicator! (yelling) Yep! I've never played with a magical item before. I owe you the biggest drink. Oh my god! Oh, the dragon one.