Happy birthday. What? Wow, that's been a while. Liam. There is a flash pan where there's a preload powder, basically a powder capsule attaches to a flash pan. The hammer contains a sparking mechanism that hits a plate, causes a spark to hit the powder in the flash pan, goes into the gunpowder that's within that's actually packed inside of the barrel and sends the shot out. It actually is a specific kind. It's a flint. Although, people have probably gotten creative with that at that time, but the Percy tech was just a flint. He was trying to do other stuff and always failed. It would be a bag at the front with a flint that would spark on pressure. So as long as you fired it hard, it would cause the spark when it hit and detonate. Welcome to tinkering, man. Oh, she was. Let me come along if you're going shopping. Well, I figure if we're going to be traveling together, we should probably have some supplies. I'm looking for some diamonds for some things I know how to do. That's great. Oh, yeah. Cool, twins. Right. That's cool. I like this place. This is nice. It's a pleasure to meet you. You're the first one I've seen in the city so far. That's pretty crazy. This is nice. Is this yours? You're all brothers, then? There's three of you now. Triplets. That's great. That's great! Don't see that very often. Oh, me neither. I'm actually from up north. I'm traveling with these kids, working on something. It's nice. How long have you been down here? This place is great. This is great. Impressed by what your mother went through, at this point. This is intense. There's a lot of you. Well, that's the best thing I've ever seen. That's crazy. That's just great. I'd love to learn how to do that. It's nice to see another firbolg out in the world doing something, and you seem like you're really building something great here. This is spectacular. You might know. Is there anything I absolutely should see while I'm in town? This is the farthest I've been from home. I'm curious if there's anything in this city that a firbolg out taking a look around should-- Well, I had a hot spring, which was nice. I mean, it had some sulfur content and there were some minerals in there that were probably a bit iffy. Caduceus Clay. Pleasure. Look forward to doing business with yous. He seems like a decent boss. That seems nice. That's really good. Seems fair. Oh, I'm going to be buying some diamonds. I wouldn't worry about that. That's so exciting. I'll take that. I read Sylvan, and there you are. Yep, let's take a look at that. Ooh. 450. Axe dance! Do you have your journaling kit? Are you proficient? I'm thinking I'm-- Oh yeah, no, I think I want-- But I don't know. I like broken things. Oh, no, we're getting the cloak. Caleb, do you want to split that cloak with me, maybe? Oh well, I'll get the cloak then. Is this where we go for the diamonds, too? That's pretty amenable. I'm getting the sword and the cloak. Oh, well, thank you. No, we'll pass on the dust for now. It's interesting. Well, we're waiting for the total, but yeah. That's why I was like hmm. It's still good, but-- We all take 25-- We each saved 25 gold. I can help with that. Yep. (grunts) Yeah, that's-- Oh, that's heavy. (grunts) Oh, it's a pleasure to meet you, as well. I'm sure we'll see each other again real soon. Oh, thank you. And what a room to brighten. You're the best. We're going to be looking for a gem shop. And also, if there's an herb shop. I've been meaning to learn how to make healing potions. I've gotten a little bit of a basic understanding. And some general shopping that's just some stuff that doesn't really have-- It always knows! I'm still playing catch-up, one second. Hi! I was curious-- I was looking to maybe start learning how to make some healing potions of some kind-- Well, yeah. I mean, if that's possible. And also, I'm-- just some stuff for cooking. And otherwise I'm just looking for a nice general set of a few things. I've got a list here, just some food flavors as well. Oh, sure. This is actually my general-- You're probably the person to ask if there's a good tea shop in town. I feel like you'd probably know where to get a nice caffeinated beverage. I've been hoping to learn how to make healing potions, actually, in general. Just start to kind of break in that, uh-- I have an herbalism kit, I just want to-- do I need a special proficiency or get the ingredients to help make one. I do have the herbalism kit. I only had a couple other light things I was going to do anyway. I can do that. Actually, I was already proficient in the herbalism kit, I was just specifically looking for the stuff to make the potions. No, I got that already. I've never-- Back when I did this they didn't have all this craziness. Sure! I'll get-- Let's get 150 gold worth of that, and then probably some cooking spices, too. Oh, so it's 151. Anything else of interest or otherwise? Maybe some good beverages or otherwise there? Yeah, I'll find other stuff otherwise. Other than that I've got diamonds and some-- I'm looking for some general store kind of stuff. Yeah. Oh, easily. Wow, that's a lot. Oh, that's excellent. Yeah. We need diamonds. I also need a new tea kettle. But yeah, we need diamonds. I need a-- I want a tea kettle, I want some new cookware, I want some kitchen supplies, I want a straw hat. I would like a hat. It's hot out. There's the sun, and I can feel the sun, it's as if I've been in the sun all day. (laughter) Wider brim. Wider brim. I have stuff to cook. Oh, man. All right, 155. Nope, that's cool. I'm easy. Now we just need to find the diamonds. I'm very excited. It looks great! It's a nice place you got here. Oh, and what else? It was diamonds. Diamonds and secrets. Secret diamonds. That's a lot of diamonds. I'll join you in this perception check. 14. So many carats! So many carats! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ahh! Ahh! I'm cut, I'm cut! (laughter) 600. About 600 will do both of us. Yeah, that works for me. All of her secrets! Oh, I get it now! That's great! I don't know what that is, but that's really cool. Then they'd be in pain and very susceptible to-- I want to see what else is in the sack before-- We shouldn't negotiate until we know everything. For the sake of brevity. I'll take the garlic. I'm thinking, that's-- One gold. Ah, 20. It's good garlic. Never can pay too-- Yeah, it's really nice garlic. Artisanal garlic. Ask. I'm going to hold out the garlic one more time. Just checking. Seems legit. You don't know where that's been. I feel very satisfied with this entire expedition. I'm perfectly satisfied with my shopping experience. You have multiple reactions? What?! Travis is shouting. No, I have not done mine. Mine's very simple. I'm going to spend a little time every day-- I'm going to find the nicest park in town. I'm going to spend every day and I'm going to meditate and try and get some guidance. I'm trying to have another epiphany about what happens next. I'm going to sit quietly and meditate every day somewhere green, or whatever passes for it in this city. No. That was a one. That's fair. I guess the only-- no, that's right, we're done. I think we got everything. Well, we do have something we can-- We got you something. Made of paper. We're going to be busting you out of jail. TRAVIS and It's fine. This is going to be an expensive problem to solve here. And then you lost one of them. That, you have advantage on. Mirror Images going everywhere. (groaning) I'm going to pretend to be a small, old platinum dragon. A lot of ghosts need punching? Yes. Yes. I've met a ghost that I didn't want to punch. Yeah. I thought of one. Oh, what? I mean, yeah. That's where the temple is, in the middle of the cemetery. Actually, technically it's not a cemetery. It's a graveyard. Graveyard has an attached temple, cemetery is just by itself. Yeah. I know a couple things. Is it Quen'pillar already? Two weeks earlier every year. What's the Wayfarer's Cove? You talking about making a trip? Taking off? Is that like a peach pit or something? Oh, that'll happen. I don't know why that's somehow weirder than abused cantaloupe. I'm not having visions right now, so I'm happy to follow another one. This is not where I'm supposed to be. I'm already sold. Finding Molly's all about who you know. I'm having a weird-- yes. Maybe, you don't know. Just so I'm clear, as I really feel like I'm playing catch up, he's the one responsible for that, er, pearl that you've got in you? Also the deal with his little-- I like that, that's really good. It is! If you really wanted to, we could PCH this and basically hit the coast and then take that really annoyingly long drive from San Francisco-- but it's so pretty. Were you just thinking about that? Don't think I wasn't. Oh yeah, you are. I'm also going to distribute-- I made everybody a potion of healing, so everybody gets-- I made them myself. They've got a bit of a weird flavor, but they're-- They're great. It's a nice little pick-me-up if anyone goes down next to you. #ThanksKeyleth Kiki had other things going on. I'm so excited. Unavailable, yeah.