Updated it every day, didn't you? Hmm? Not a drop. Hi. Hello. I'm here to help. I made a deal with this one. It's okay. Thank you. I like your hair, too. You want to get up out of this thing? Who? TRAVIS. Molly. I mean, this is pretty good from a certain perspective. I mean, if you think about it. Bad things happen to people every day, and then you have a bunch of people who care about you so much that they come and save you, fix it, defeat a great evil. I mean, nothing this good ever happens. This is great. I'm going to go check upstairs. I think you guys have a lot to talk about. I'm going to head upstairs and start searching. Yeah, I didn't actually search the house, I just ended up in the kitchen. I'm starting to cook food. It was a nice kitchen when we ran through it. I'm trying to see if I can put together some sort of omelette or something. Oh no, I'm fine. I've got this. This is no problem. If you find anything that looks good to eat, actually, bring it back up. I'll cook it right up. That's no problem. You never know. It's a good basement. You could keep a lot of roots down there. It'd be very fresh. Potatoes, turnips, carrots. Roots. You've had a carrot before, right? Ah yeah that's good. They're really good. Can I hear this conversation? I'd recommend staying the night; you're all pretty banged up. There's even beds. There's food. It's D& That's an epic poem right there. I definitely can cook. I mean, whether or not it's any good, I'm not sure. But if everybody's happy with it. Ah, Mr. Caleb, you don't really look in the state to travel, really. I mean, just to point it out, you've taken a bit of a beating today. There's a bed upstairs. I'm going to pick up a couple things. The big villain for this campaign will become Mister Manacle. I'm going to walk in. Yeah, this is really nice. (laughter) Tall. About seven feet tall. So ten feet at the top. Quite a bit. I hope it's a terrible drawing of some-- sorry. I can help with that. Yeah, probably. I mean, possibly it could work. I don't know, yeah maybe. Probably. This is literally the first they've mentioned it in my presence, so. Eh, I'm fine. I'll go so far as to say I feel that the fates have intertwined us for a while. I need to head east at some point. I don't know. But I'm going to find out. Everything's telling me that I should stick around and see where you're headed. I think that's where I'm supposed to be. I mean, they're going to do it eventually anyway. I just usher the process along a little bit. It's very good tea. To be fair I think we've had two rounds of it at this point. I've been making breakfast. Huh. I mean, all tea is really dead people tea when you think about it, so. The cart's magic. Grab some stuff from the kitchen, some blankets from upstairs, some pillows so you can actually be comfortable in the cart. Yeah. Be nice. I'll join. Wow! I've never felt anything like that before. White Stallions! There's a Death Star painted on the side. I'll switch to something inconspicuous. I'll join the somewhat inconspicuous-looking humans attempting to create a uniform similar to Beau's. Yeah. This is the job. This is what brought you up here? Interesting. I do live here. Well, I've left. I just haven't left in a while. I've got to come to town sometimes. Get things, get supplies. I'm going to have to make a little confession. I really haven't been many other places, so I suppose I really don't actually have a great basis of comparison. No-- oh yeah, I haven't traveled much at all. Thank you. Very much so. I can drive that. I'll explain what's happening to the horses so that they move appropriately. I explain this to the horses, I let them know what's going on; telling the two that they're ready to go about their business. Yeah, give them a little If you wouldn't mind? 24. Oh, I've never seen one before. Are they buying-- Oh, that's cool. That's super cool. Which guys? I'll cook up what's there and we'll have a meal. Oh god, I got to think about this. I think you pulled the moon again. May I? I'm going to walk up. Move a little bit of the snow and dig my hand as deep into the ground as I can, and attempt to do the full casting of Decompose and see what I get. Something will be here. I made the earth remember him. Something will be here. I get back on the cart and leave them. Am I getting in this as well? Wow! That's awfully nice. That seems very prudent. Thanks, guys. Thanks, guys. That's the last time we let you be in on our secrets. So it's how much gold, how much platinum? I have no idea what's going on right now. What kind of goods and services? I know what money is; I'm just having fun with Nott. You know, I've never really thought about it before. Yeah, I can think of about four things I'd like to get. That's nice. Yeah. Well, and I could probably use a new tea set and maybe a new skillet-- This ought to cover it just fine. No, I'm okay. Clay. Mr. Clay. I'm going to try and get an insight check on this interesting individual. 23. Okay, but I'm going to need something. I need you to promise not to do anything untoward with it. Whatever you're going to do and what you need it for, obviously everyone seemed okay with that. I need you to promise that you're not going to cast anything weird or-- you know. That seems fair. I can do it. I'm going to get one of my beetles to come out and bite my finger for me. Thank you. You're welcome. I'm going to really quickly cast Eyes of the Grave. Are there any undead within 60 feet? Thank you. Just wanted to check. I'll take whatever's not liquor. I don't think I've ever had milk. I'm going to try milk. This is weird. I'm not sure. That's just weird. It's very weird. (sniffs) Oh, that's a little strong. (sniffs) I'm not sure this is-- this doesn't-- Am I aware that he doesn't know-- okay. Am I aware that Sam doesn't actually know how whiskey's made? Oh, god, I don't know any of this, do I? Okay. Yeah, sure, okay, apparently. Finish getting angry at Sam. Here we go. (coughing) (hoarsely) Is it supposed to do that? (groaning and coughing) (hoarsely) Do you have anything to take the edge off? Oh, this is what people drink? You're the worst people! I'm going to join this table. I've had six drinks. I'm in the biggest city I've ever been in. Everything tastes terrible! I don't even know what these last two are; they're just terrible! Oh yeah, no, I've heard it before. You'd be amazed at how people deal with a grieving process. I mean, you're going through it right now. Is that part of-- are you supposed to? Normal face style, I suppose. (trills) I can feel my lips doing that. I've made a hot toddy before. Cinnamon lemon tea. Eww! God! I don't know if I agree with that, but-- I would like to try something that tastes good. That's what I would like to have. Should have just ordered that from the first place, something that tastes good. No. Well, I mean, I've made bread, but I don't-- What's a smut shop? (laughs) That's funny. Purely coincidental. Really, purely coincidental. "Establishing trade routes." Pub crawl? Pub crawl? How do you make a non-tense fist? I'm trying to-- I've made a terrible mistake. Oh no. This is a lot. Wow. Have you been sitting on that all night? Because that was amazing.