(singing) Should auld acquaintance be forgot, and-- This is the most festive D&D game I've ever experienced. You were supposed to have a lighter too. I didn't even look at mine! That could have gone so poorly! It's hard to show off eyeliner. Far too long! Ah yes, it's been quite an interesting two years. We'll catch up, we need a table, we need drinks for me and my compatriots. It's a long story and I can't tell you everything right now. You know how it is. Literally everything coming back to haunt me. Okay, cool. The second she turns, I'm going to turn and give Fjord a little pat on the back and make a whisper really quickly. Yeah, I'm gonna whisper in Fjord's ear-- I'm sorry, this is my nightmare, please just go with it? It's Lucien. And I'm back around. Pass it on. (nervous laugh) Yasha! I'm apparently Lucien from two years ago. From two years ago. It's Lucien, remember? It's been ages! I'm so glad to see you. It's Lucien. It's Lucien. I'll explain later, just go with it please? I don't know. We'll find out. Just go with it, I'll explain later. I'll explain later! I hate you. It might be easier just to have them all killed right now-- I didn't say that out loud. I didn't say that out loud. I'm just thinking out loud, oh, god. It's going to be fine, I'm not panicking. MARISHA and Come, sit down. I give the tabaxi another hug as we sit down. How have you been? It's been ages! That's my name. Who can keep track these days? Again, a long story. That is a story for another day and another drink. What did you see? God, I don't know what that looked like from the other end of things. MATT "Well, it all went belly up two years ago. You told us to scatter and vanish if it didn't-- "if things went wrong and wait until you returned. We buried your ass in the woods outside of the "hideout, I mean-- " I had a few tricks up my sleeve. Obviously. Is everybody else all right? I know it has been a while. I had to stay underground. Damn shame. Damn shame. No, actually I'm-- Where is Tyffial? I would rather obviously deliver everything in person. Honestly if I had known you were here I would've made arrangements. I didn't want to shock you. I'm working on something very delicate, I need everything to be very quiet. Where are my manners? They don't know a lot, but they're trustworthy. I've been putting my trust in them so far. That's actually fair. Technically advantage because it's kind of the truth? Yeah, I think that's advantage. I begged for advantage on that one. Okay, thank you. It's good to be seen again. But again, it's got to be very quiet right now. It's been like three other names since the last time I saw you. Please, keep it quiet for now. That book caused more trouble than you think, and it all laid on my shoulders. I was trying to protect the rest of you from some of the worst elements of that and I don't want any heat dropping on anybody who doesn't know what's coming yet. But let me know where they are and I'll get a hold of them. But don't let them know why yet. (sighs) That's, again, mixed company and public company. Mixed results. You don't have to tell them anything you don't want to tell them, that's all right. Foolishness in thinking I knew what I was doing. That's the answer you're getting. You work for The Gentleman these days? How is it, working for The Gentleman? I'm looking at our friend. All right, I'll saunter over with my drink and sit down at the table. Come on everyone, let's do this. She's giving out leaflets. It is definitely Cree's speciality. Lucien, at the table, is fine. I trust you with this. Don't get fancy. Not anymore. Yes. There was nothing fishy in the card shuffle, in the cut, was there? Let's do it. 12. High profile, but low profile. She's quick to toe the party line. Just-- (laughter) (shushing) I'm beginning to imagine it right now, actually. That's very nice. That is certainly one to grow on. Doesn't actually switch hands, you just do this a lot. That is so baller. Oh my god. I will say the only thing that I can think of that I would want, not even necessarily addend to this contract, if we are going to do this to you; I'm looking to stay on the down low in general. If we can agree, even my presence in this city necessarily is, as far as it's concerned, is none of anybody's concern outside this bar. I would be forever grateful. I figured you would. Sometimes. Remember, the name Lucien doesn't leave this bar. Outside, I never want to hear it uttered. Brilliant. Quality, not quantity. I'm taking a long look at Cree and I want to see if I see any of the things that I expect to see. I want to see if there's any markings or anything otherwise that I would expect to see. All right. Because it's better that way. Perception check. Wow, that's a terrible roll. That's a five. All right. That's fair. Yasha. Do I deal with this or do I not deal with this? I don't want to deal with this. I hate this. I'm going to stand up, and walk over to Cree. A lifetime ago. I have a weird question, and I apologize for it. The spell I used to get away, it-- I wasn't there for as long as you thought I was. I missed how everything ended in the end. I hate to ask, but I was long gone before anything really started to go down. How did everything end? Can you just-- I'll explain why in a moment. That's where I lost you, then. I'm going to have to find her again at some point. The reason I've stayed quiet-- It was never going to work. Somebody was working against me. I don't know who, but I can't trust anyone. I saw how you reacted to seeing me and it was-- I'm willing to believe it wasn't you who turned. But it could have been her, but it could have been one of us. That's why I need you to keep it quiet. Please. 13. There will come a moment when I can tell you everything, but... It's so complicated. Please just keep it quiet for now. Until I know that everyone's going to react the way that you did to seeing me. I will tell you everything eventually. I give a hug. It's been too long. I'm sorry for everything. And I give the pat, and head back to the table. I'm going to walk over with a new round of drinks. Here, drink this. I'm told they're stupid. Ugh. Lucien for the moment. We'll talk about it later. In here, we're Lucien. Let's have that conversation somewhere else. I don't know who's listening here. Yeah, that was a weird amount of into you, wasn't it? I'm going to cut my finger a bit and bleed into it. Is it wine? Worth a try. We will have this conversation outside this bar. Lucien's not going to answer any questions. Molly will answer every question you have later. Thank you for coming back, I've missed you. Why do you need to know so many things? They're not used to you yet. I could use a hand for a bit. I'd owe you one. She is definitely not joshing. Why would we be set up? We'll check, but shit happens, and you've got to be doing something when shit happens. We just happened to be doing something. It's hardly a coincidence. What we commonly referred to in the circus as "Yasha-ing." It's a sight to behold. You said that in this bar. Let's not say anything in here that we wouldn't want to be circulated. Wait, is that a beer? She's not a Crick. God, was it a year and a half ago? Give or take. How many people are listening in on this clearly right now? 14. Actually, no, 17, sorry. Can we please stop talking in here? They are serving us free drinks, of course they're listening to everything we say. Let's retire for the evening. We can come back and do this tomorrow. You talk to Kara, then, but no more whatever this is. I am genuinely a little drunk, and didn't remember who the Myriad were. What am I doing, deception? Ten. So I have to tell the truth? I have no idea, I'd literally forgotten because I'm a little drunk and I'm really preoccupied right now. I know, I was just doing it to fuck with them. (angry meowing) Situationally, it could be a thing-- Yeah, we've been talking about the sword. Yeah. We'll hold on. We'll see if you want to play around with it, Fjord. Yeah. Many things are taller than Nott. Interesting stuff there. That is a fair point. I've been informed by Jester that she is now to use the Wand of Smiles. (cheering) From the darkness, she strikes! For a complete list of those incentives, head on over to geekandsundry.com. That is a very fine idea. I think that also sounds like a very fine idea. That's a fair point. Page-turner. Not yet. It was D&D ramen. How are we going to get him through the city with a blindfold on? Everyone's a shady pair in this group. Somehow, even as individuals, we are all somehow shady pairs. It is just inevitable. Is this Marisha, or is this Beau? Never mind. We've all been Lucien. So. Well, I was born on the continent of-- I really-- I genuinely thought I would have some bullshit together by now, and I'm really sort of stuck. It's dangerous, though. It's officially dangerous. At this point, what's the difference? But seriously. I've been part of a shady group. I've been dealing with shady friends for as long as I can remember. If there's one thing I've learned about dealing with people that you can't trust, is that you have to trust them where you can and not trust them where you can't. I'm not saying that I know what I'm doing or anything, but I don't want anybody-- I want this to work. I need this to work. I've not done this in a while. All right. Yeah, that's interesting, isn't it? This might even be easier if you just ask questions. I really don't know how to tell this story. I woke up without any names, or any past, buried in the ground two years ago. Obviously not. In the dirt. My first memory, my oldest memory is dirt in my face, underground. How honest do I have to be? Okay. I rolled a four. All right, that's not entirely true. It's a vague memory. I don't really remember it. It's kind of all jumbled. It's what I've been told, about some of it. I don't know. There is no before. Whatever happened before is not me. It's not part of anything-- (sighs) Some asshole got buried in the dirt. Fuck him. I am enjoying what I'm doing; I want nothing to do with that. Anything that came before, I was happy to just leave it be. No. How would I know? That's somebody else. No, not exactly. Some of them, yes. Days. I was a bit out of it. It's hard to remember. I wasn't speaking, really. Do you have memories from your childhood? It felt like that. It's all bright and more meaningful than it should be. There was just nothing. I was practically catatonic; I was barely speaking. Alone. I'd like to think so. I don't know. I don't know who that was. I've never heard the name Lucien before, or that other name. I've never heard of any of it. Yeah, well. I like pretending. Pretending's great. Who cares where anybody came from? That's possible except, of course, she had weird blood powers. Few months after I came to, I started noticing I could do things, knew things that I didn't necessarily know I knew. Yeah. I can-- can I see that dagger? Pick one. Ice. Oh no, I can, we're here. This is happening. That's fine. Yeah. I really don't. Whoever that was came to that end, and I want nothing to do with that. Whatever it was, it doesn't feel good when I-- the moment when something creeps through, I don't like it. I don't want anything to do with it. I was happy! I liked the circus! The circus was great! Yes. That's a good Laura. You can be monosyllabic if you like with these people. Mm-hmm. Yeah, whatever that was. Not without me feeding it to them first. I mean, I've conned people. We've all conned people. I've used other names before. A lot of this was in the hopes that maybe it would never happen, keep moving, keep quiet. But I'll say this, and I'm going to put the knife down. Is there anything sharp around? Anything at all? Something that's even ridiculous, like something not normal. Perfect! I'm just going to cut myself again on the wooden frame and grab it, and use radiance. I'll admit, this is new. You got to see the first time this happened. Not that I'm-- Well, no. That's fair, sure. Well, it was worth it every time. Okay, here's the thing that you're not catching. That wasn't me. This is mine. I don't want anything from that other person anymore. That person is someone else. I don't want anything to do with it. I did not feel good coming out of that. It was-- I'm in for a penny, might as well. I'm told, although I don't entirely remember this part, that I only said the word empty over and over again for the first week. TRAVIS, MARISHA, and I don't know what that means. Empty. I don't know. Barely remember. That sounds terrible. I don't want to remember anything. I don't want to anybody else's baggage in my head and I don't want anybody else's problems, thoughts, ideas. I like this person, right now is a good person. Is a fine person. Is a happy person. Sounds shifty. Nope. I don't want it. We all have a few, I assume. Can you imagine what it would feel like to not feel anything about anything that had happened to you so far? TRAVIS, LIAM, and Why am I not surprised? It's very freeing. It's the best thing-- it's the thing that happened to me. It's not the best thing that happened to me, it's the thing that happened to me. I found peace in building a new person. The Moonweaver-- What if it feels that I owe it something? I spent two years before I met you all cajoling people, occasionally ripping them off, occasionally doing a good turn here or there. Never trust the truth. The truth is vicious. The truth thinks you owe it something. None of that. I like my bullshit. It's good. It's happy. It makes other people happy. It is exactly who I am. Well, do you know who the Moonweaver is? Excellent. The swords are cheap carnival glass. There's nothing special about them. Literally a decorated pair of swords to make them look special. That's true. Things came back quick, and the circus helped. They were good people. They did a lot of me and joy can fill an awful lot of a person's life. Maybe. I feel tinges of things on occasion, nothing I like. Because I always lie and bullshit. I may be a liar but I'm never a betrayer. I'm honest in my work, and I believe in doing a good turn. I've never cheated you out of money. I've never robbed from you. I stayed with that circus for two years, I know how people treat each other. It's important. And all that stuff you told me before? I've got to admit, I didn't even listen to any bit of it. I was just trying to teach you a lesson. I don't care where you've been. I don't care what terrible things any of you have done. You're here now. This is how it works. Yes, darling. Of course. I use fortunes to tell people what I see in them. But sometimes, sometimes, I feel like maybe there's something that tickles the back of my head, I will admit. Some days. Am I lying? Thank you. I always try to be helpful when I turn cards for people. People are looking for a path, they're looking for a path. And I'll tell you-- and this is true-- I did my best every town I went to and every town I left, no matter how they treated me-- and a lot of them treated me with deep disrespect. I left every town better than I found it. Is it-- yeah, no. So I show off the peacock a little bit. One of the peacock feathers on the neck-- Thank you, Liam. One of the eyes on one of the peacock feathers is a bright crimson red, which any of you if you'd ever made a fucking insight check would know. God, I was waiting for you to fuck with me. It's also the same place that he bleeds every time that he uses any of his powers. There's also a red eye on the snake on the palm, and there's a red eye on the snake on the opposite side of the hand. There are various-- I'm just showing the snake, the two snake eyes. I'm showing the peacock eye. And then I'm going to show the eye in the floral arrangement. I tried to cover them, but they wouldn't take ink. So I just did my best. No. I don't know what they are. I don't know. I don't. But now that you bring it up, because I'd never occurred to it, I might start. Oh, that was for Caleb. Never mind, sorry. Who butt shaves? Anything else before we're done here? No. We tried-- That's dangerous work and it'll usually backfire. No interest in that. It's mostly just trying to help people get their shit together. Did someone send you on the wrong path? That's fair. I don't care, to be fair. Yes. Everything. I like the safety of it, and if I had had my way, this would've been a conversation for a later date. But I need to protect you and myself from whatever that is, so you need to know that that is a wild card. It's a terrible name. I don't ever want to know who that person is. Let me make this abundantly clear. My name is Molly. That person is dead and not me. It's just a person who had this body. They abandoned it, it's mine now. And I feel that you're fretfully ignorant and filled with platitudes. But I still like you regardless. Maybe he killed goblins. Maybe he was a goblin hunter. Maybe he ate them. Raw. This was not how I expected this to go. Thank you. I'm waiting for the spell to dissipate before I say anything. I both like you more and less at the same time. Thank you, dear. (sighs) Even that "undead wispy things," is that triggering anything in the brain? 19. Undead orbs. They're basically will-o'-wisps. You usually find them in swamps or things like that. Yes. Am I smoldering? Yes. I know. Anyway. All right. Did you do this alone or was I in the room when this happened? I would have loved to have watched this. I walk up, get a little uncomfortably close, put my hand on your chest. The power was in you, all along. See you at breakfast! Did you just tell a joke? (sighs) It's a shame. It was a very good one. She's slowly sharpening a blade at home, just-- Do I recognize these people? Okay. I may have the chill cloak flipped, to try and be a little less conspicuous rolling around, for what it's worth. We're probably going to be dealing with some restless spirits actually, so if there's anything to deal with some of these phantasmagorical creatures, will-o'-wisps, that sort of thing. Yeah, inevitably. Perfect. That's exactly what I was looking for was two vials of holy water. Probably need some healing potions or something? We'll make some money. I think we're pretty well taken care of at this point. I've never seen you blush before. We should probably go to the blacksmith at some point. Has she punched you in the face yet? I think she likes you. I'll take that money. It'll be no problem. We can, to be fair, get all 20 of those throwing darts for one gold. Yeah! It was worth it. I am going to turn around and immediately head towards the other bar. The Evening Nip. I'm going to let you know. Tell them I'm hiding at the bar and I'll meet them there when it's time. That's a good call. I'll go behind Yasha. Yeah, that's a good order. Hey, Beau. I pull out one of the holy water flasks. Think you know what to do with this? Just in case. Who do you think the other one should go to? Maybe Nott might be safer. You're not in a boat with us. This one you throw? Know how to throw stuff? If there was a basket for trash and you threw it-- Wow, that's exciting! That doesn't count! That's cocked! Way less! I'll take that. So when we get into the boat together, I'm going to give you the other holy water flask. And you have a holy water now. Please feel better.