Well, like so many good things, we can do it back when we get to the hotel. You can sneak up, take a look, rob it, and then throw a stick of dynamite in just because, if we're going to be those people. What happens if he's actually there? Yeah. I feel like that's pretty obvious, at this point. I just like having a game plan. Then we should rob it first. There'll be a body curing, if it is his house. We'll know, because there'll be a body curing and getting nice and ripe. I feel that as well. We'll give you the dynamite, and if anything seems like it goes wrong, you can immediately signal Caleb, and we'll bring the cavalry in. I'll go behind Yasha. That's not bad. Do we recognize these vines and what kind of plant this is? We'll see how this goes. No. I've got a weird idea. Everybody back up a bit. I'm going to take a little bit of my jerky, I'm going to wrap it around a ball bearing, make a little baseball out of it. I'm going to chuck it right into the middle of the vines. I love camping. That's entirely possible. We remember what not to do, right, which is-- You're going to take everything that you can grab in there. And then blow it up and run. But it's only up to 30 feet away from her. You have full running speed, though. I'm going to get behind that tree and activate my swords. Oh, dear. That was a bottle rocket. He's harder to hit from a distance, at the moment. 19. I'm going to come out from behind my tree right there, just a little bit so I can see him. I'm going to try and Enthrall him, because I don't have any good stuff that I can do from a distance. LAURA and Is it charisma-based? That's right. Because it says wisdom I get so-- It does not succeed? It does succeed. I'm actually going to sort of stand out in the-- I'm going to move a couple feet out-- there. And just start yelling at him Hey-- hey you fucker, you got-- We got more than that! Where we-- Come on! Bring it! I don't know what I'm doing! Too much caffeine! That all happened in there. That all happened. Good thing nobody in the world saw that. But you can save against that, right? Every turn? Are we seeing sprays when he gets hit by these things, by the way? How far can I move in one? Okay, I'm going to head in the direction of this creature. I'm going to stay about-- Actually, let's try something ridiculous. You took a lot of damage from that spray, right? This'll be fun. Let's run up to it, see how close I can get. I'm going to try to leap at that just north of me to see if I can get over here, then. By that spiritual weapon. If I can leap there. That's fine. At least it'll hopefully give everybody some flanking. That's a four. That's as far as I can move? I'm going to hold my action in case he comes within fighting distance. Yeah, I'm holding my attack. Can I do anything with my bonus? I can't do anything with my bonus. Yeah, I think that ends my turn. You're just going to take damage. We healed up. We got a long rest. There is a tiny burning fire there now. It would have been. There's a lot of threes in this game right now. Does it get close enough for me to take a swing? Swing, swing. I just get two attacks, right? Actually, I'm going to use the good sword. It doesn't matter. That's awful, and that's pretty good. That's 11, that misses, and 19, that hits. That's 1d6 plus 1d4. 2d6 now, that's right. That's not bad. That's ten points of damage. I will take my reaction. 13 points of damage? That's fine. This is what I'm good for. I'm taking it. 100 gold. Natural 20. (cheering) It's a pretty gold die. So it's 4d6 plus a little. Ooh. That pretty much does the same thing. (counting) 21 points of damage. He's also going to, of course, Curse of the Eyeless. Oh, that was my reaction. Never mind. That's all right. Nobody else hit it! I'm going to walk up, and I'm going to flank it so I get advantage. I'm going to take a hit. That's 20. That's nine points of damage. I want to get the new sword, push, let it bend, and pop into it. I've got a bonus action. I'm going to give him an auto-cure, just in case. The snake tattoo on my hand, the eye on the back of my hand bursts, and blood comes pouring out of it. I take two points of damage. I didn't need the amplify. Oh, actually that's right, I don't have to take damage for that, never mind. I've never done that before. That-- Just to be sure, I'm going to dig around and make sure this is true death on this thing and it's not going to start regenerating or anything. Does it look like it's regenerating at all? 12. Don't poke it. Okay, let's like, I'm going to gently-- I feel like I should have had a-- Oh well, that's fine. Ah. Six seconds can go quick. No! Fjord. So now we have our full turn and it can't react, so hold the-- I can move, I'll be fine. We all get a full turn before anything happens. Wait one second! Hold until we're clear! I obviously can't hit it so-- I mean-- I'm going to get his attention, peace out. I'm going to Misty Step. I can go 30 feet. Yep, yep. I'm going to head to the shinies. I'm going to Misty Step next to-- yeah, there we are. I just need visual and just... no, there's nothing I can do. He has no reaction. Oh yeah, we've got to wake him up now! Cause he's almost dead. Yes. No, I'm not going to do that. What are you going to do with that? You don't want that. I'm going to go through the skulls. Do you want to join me going through the skulls right now? Let's not crowd the boy. Ten. There's no sense repeating. Especially since we're now a 100 gold richer. I guess get it out of your system then, that's fine. Are you done yet? Unless you're really out of anything to eat. Then I suppose, you know, desperate times. It's just getting awkward. Did you just say bougie? Ugh. God, never mind, I don't like you again. It's a word that people use when they want to sound ostentatious about how ostentatious something is. It's collect when we get back. And his agent is dead. His person out here is dead. Or trying to send an email. "How does this work?" All caps. Just ruin everything, there we are. Except, of course, that they're making ready for war. So thirsty. Where would we sell such a thing like this? Is that an apothecary? Do you have an apothecary here? My god I miss shopping! I'm going to give him three gold for his trouble. You're brilliant! And I'm heading in that direction. It's quaint and rustic, shut up. What kind of font is it written in? I go to knock. You're not buying today? Already? What time do you open tomorrow? Are you sure you don't want to perhaps buy a fresh troll heart? Very wet! Not a bad die there. We found a troll and we killed it. Let him prod. It's fine. Or could we also talk about trade possibly if you have some interesting stuff. If you've got stuff to trade. You seem like a clever fellow, I'm sure you got something around here that's interesting and unique. We'll see what you put together, and we'll definitely talk about what this is worth in the morning. And if you have anything unusual that you put together, if you have a signature blend of any kind, I'm always interested in people who are excited to experiment. Yes! That too. We'll see you bright and early. Do you think it would be better to leave this here, so he can contain it? I mean we killed a troll, it's not like we can't kill him if it goes wrong. Why must you sully everything good and pure in this world, Sam? This is where all those manacles have been coming from! Oh no! Perfect, we'll be back in the morning. Let's go take a rest. I really liked him. Whatever you think that we shouldn't leave town without trying. You got it? To be fair, he's saved our lives dozens of times. All gone. All dead. Any surprise you have. You can't drink in real life and you still won't drink on graph paper. I've got cards, I'm going to play and I'm going to drink. And we've got to discuss what's happening tomorrow. Can I see the cover when she grabs the book? Yeah, I'm ready. We'll do that on the way out as soon as we put the cart together. We've done what we needed. This is a one troll town, I think. Not a great time to be had here. They may not give them to us unless he's there. I missed this. Oh, why not? Another round, please! And I'll put a gold for everyone down. No. I'm finishing this and I'll be right up. I go last. I leave two gold on the counter before I leave. For you no matter what, but if you tell me what it is, I promise I won't tell the rest of them. I just want to lord it over them. Enjoy your evening. Cheers. And I head upstairs. For the record, I tell none of you. Three of those tweets will be from me. Oh yes, please. This seems like a bad idea. Sure. Does it look like anything? Does it remind me of a mystic symbol of any kind? Just an arcana check. Let's see what happens. Natural 20. I'm back, baby. What happened to you on that boat? Something might have followed you. You're going to forgive me for this later. I cast Friends. Actually, I'm so sorry, not Friends, it's Charm Person. I'm so sorry, it's Charm Person. Thank you. There's something in you that you either don't want to talk about or don't remember properly, I think. No, I don't think I could've. I know. Which is why I didn't ask. I trust that you'll tell me everything you know, but I'm not sure you even know everything you know. I don't think it matters where the sword is at all. Perhaps, I think, may I? Something from the deep is in that. I don't know. It reminds me of something. I'll keep an eye, and no matter what, keeping each other safe, it's what we do. It's what you do when you got a group of people. We'll keep you safe. I'll probably be up for an hour, then I'll turn in. Let's go to the shop, everybody. Anybody wants to go shopping can go shopping. Anybody else wants to wrangle up the cart? We need a valet ticket. As much as I'm kind of into this-- Why don't you all meet us at the-- get the cart and you'll meet us at the apothecary. Meet us at the apothecary. I've been thinking about that. In front of you. But we have a map and maybe she can show us on the map where she thinks she needs to go? No! I didn't say that. I said if we know which direction she needs to head, we can figure out possibly if we can get her there. No one should live here. She does drink a lot and occasionally seem interested in eating human flesh. I'm not entirely-- well, that's a subject for another day. Birds. You know, there's a bird in a bonnet and another one smoking a pipe. That's all I really-- (coos) Just think about that. Yeah. If we knew the name of everything we put down our gullet, there would be no fun, ever, any time. I'm very excited. I'm all right with this. I'm into it, yeah. So if we were to take that 50 and possibly spend it on something in this shop, is there anything that we should take a look at? I'm curious about the sleeping thing you have, and again, anything you're particularly proud of. I'm always excited for a surprise. I'll take some sleep aids and whatever helps you sleep. Some sleepy tea or whatever. Anything like that. You buy your own issue. Whatever you've got a problem with, you can buy it yourself. This is not where my coin is going. And anything that smells nice, just whatever. How much for the whole deal? Can you do change? One gold? Thank you. (whispering and giggling) I'm aware. I'm ignoring it. I'm fine. I'm going to put it in my additional notes right now. All right. All right. What are you going to do with that heart anyway? That's a seven. Is everything relatively all right on the cart? Doesn't look like it's been-- I trust you. It's the only way to be sure. We have some weights to put down. But there seems to be the crossroads up there. There seems to be a path through the forest-- I think we go Rexxentrum, just because there's an army marching that direction. I don't believe you've ever heard a crazy story about anything happening anywhere. I'm challenging you for details. What's the Traveler doing up there? Could someone keep their eyes on the road as we're moving forward? You have died of dysentery. At some point, we want to pull out the map and show it to Kiri and see if she can point to anything on the map. Do you want advantage? Individually. 20. Have you ever actually tried rubbing his ankles when he says that? Some tents would be a great idea. I generally don't actually care about the theme of any city that I'm in because I've never bothered to learn. Does any of this look familiar before? Do I recognize any of these people? I think we're going to need some general goods. I've got some ideas of some stuff we could use on the road. We should have some tents. I want to hit the general store. Actually, I am. How fascinating that you caught me right in the moment where I'm ready to spend money. Well, I've got a couple problems. I've got a cart that keeps breaking down on me. If you've got a kit for something like that. Also, I was thinking about maybe putting some canvas on top of it, giving it a little bit of safety from the elements. I think I'm going to need at least four tents. I've recently come into a bunch of new companions and they really didn't have what's necessary to make our way through these wonderful, wonderful roads. Four'll do it. Actually, I'll get five tents. That's perfect. You wouldn't happen to have any raw canvas I could use to possibly put a bit of a pup tent? I'll take the repair kit. And however much basic supplies to put this together, and I'll figure out how handy I am on the road. Will that do? Hmm. I'm used to yards. If nothing goes wrong, it should work. Is it waxed and reasonable? All right, we'll just have to make a little-- We're trying to do a covered wagon. So we're at 30 gold now. 40 gold. All right, we've got the tents, we've got the canvas, and then just a little bit of lumber to put this whole thing together and that ought to do it. Yeah, covered wagon-worth. Do you have bamboo? Whatever you have. All right, at the very least we can fake something for now. That's fair. What's my total right now? I could do 35. That's a nine! That's nice. Can't argue. 40 gold. Two! I got two. One more and I get a free sandwich. Is that 40 total? That was a savage burn. Ugh. Or really itchy wool. I think we're probably fine. We're killing it. We're basically gods. We've got tents! (whispers) How? When have you ever met a Chent? Can't handle. Natural one! Oh yeah, that hits. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! How's new management working out? Now, now. Is that apology accepted at this point? I'm going to put this out here, that we just received an apology. This sort of behavior should be rewarded. We appreciate the courtesy. It's rough out here; they should take their crossbows. That is very fair, let's take a look. I feel bad, I've got to admit. No, I have to deal with this. I'm going to walk to my cart. I'm going to pull out that armor that I got at the orc's place. I'm handing it to the kid. You're going to get shot at again. It's breaking my heart. Thank you for recognizing and for being gracious about our previous deal. I appreciate someone who stands up and holds to their word. That's really nice, and that should be rewarded in this world. Well, I wasn't really holding them to that one. Respect management. So true. Oh god, why? It's not technically a corpse yet. He'll only find better people. That went well. There's nothing better than waking up in the morning with no pants and flowers in your hair. I add a drop of lavender oil and I think we're done. And this is why you buy the lavender oil. So we can remove it and attach it to ours? Is theirs better than ours? It's all about the dysentery. The Volvo of wagons. (clopping sounds) I like it. I like a good waterfall. I'd like sleep somewhere comfortable. Idleworks Shelf. Pink hearts, yellow moons. Blue diamonds? There'll probably be something siding closer to the waterfall, maybe. Does that seems safe to you? Looking for lodgings for the night. I don't need that ride. Travelers passing through to somewhere else. We need to find a place to store our stuff and hopefully find an inn for the night, first. Private contractors. Drinks is a great idea. Have we seen another tiefling since hitting the city? Wait for it. You've brought us to Florida.