I don't even know how to interpret this kind of input, god. First of all, I want to see how many people are in these boats coming in, are they-- It's terrible, but I'm pretty perceptive, so that's, where is that, 12. Looks like a jacket. Oh, before they even come up, I'm going to look like the ship's cook, I am not looking aggressive for this. I am putting on a chef's outfit and getting small and human with awful red hair, so, yeah, I'm out. I think better together than not. Cornelius, and I apologize for the way I'm dressed right now. I was in the middle of-- well, it's obvious I was making a stew, this really nice vegetable stew, and everything went topsy-turvy so quick, I don't even-- It's very good stew. Cornelius. Sometimes they call me Stew because I-- Oh, I'm very excited. I don't know, I've got some very specific burial needs, if we're actually going to go that way. [laughter and cheering] Do I know what a rifle is? Ah, that's cold. (laughs) Oh, that's really cold. Oh, ooh. Does the yogurt come before or after? Really looking forward to that. Usually. Jumped right in. How long are we going to hold these disguises? All right. They need to crew that ship. A what? No, that's okay. I wasn't that worried. Well, they're also fixing the ship. At some point, there's two ships. That's pretty cool. Paring knife. Actually, if we're going to be getting ready for some trouble, I better change into my trouble gear, if we're going there. I'm going to drop Disguise Self. I try not to frighten people, but I figure if we're getting messy-- Thank you so much. I really like this whole room. I think you've done a really good job with it. This is great. Uk'otoa! Slow but there. What are we supposed to be doing? Sorry, sorry, sorry. Strange to others. (impressed whistling) Yeah? Like what? I don't really-- I was really just listening for that word because I wanted to play the speak along game. I wasn't really paying that much attention, I'm so sorry. I got a little distracted in there. That was really fun, though. (whispering) Uk'otoa. Actually, if we both do that, maybe it's like going to be white noise. All my whispers are just saying that in different pitches. Krakotoa, Krakotoa, Krakotoa. How many, how many, how many? TRAVIS and It's technically fourth ball at this point, I think, isn't it actually? Sorry, that's the face I wanted. [laughter] No, that's-- This is not an intimidatable person. I mean, you can just look-- I think, from what little I gleaned, I imagine vanity is the way to play this one. Yeah. I mean, some people just want to talk, and I think she just wants somebody to talk to. That's the vibe I get. [cheering] I think Hamilton does win on that one. The exercise we used to do when I was taking some theory classes was to describe a car. (clanking) (lasers whirring) Well, if it's just the four wheels, is it a car? No. (upbeat music) He looked pretty good. And you get to lord it over everybody. Roll well. She'd know. This one. Yes. [cheering] Don't be a bad roommate. He was a bad roommate, don't be a bad roommate. [laughter] ASHLEY and I mean, what would you even do with that? What's the point of it, really? What would you do with it? See, and that just a point of a higher motivation for something. I mean, there's got to be a step two. You can't know what to do until you understand it. I mean, that's step one and once you understand it, we'll try and help you make a reasonable decision about what to do with it. I'm into it. I just woke up, I don't actually know what's going on right now. Did I miss something, I don't--? What kind of dreams of a similar nature? Hopefully we can fix our Mistake at some point. That'd be nice. Thank you, sorry, carry on. We. Did they have feet or--? I don't remember any of this. I thought it was like metaphorical that we were still in the temple and just having some elaborate, like a dream of life and we've all been in this temple all along and, I mean, that would have been really cool, although really convoluted the more I'm thinking about it. Doesn't make any sense. Some Treasure Island shit. [applause]