Right ready. Thank you. Previously known as the Knights of Requital. We have Book Boy, too, he could probably tell if they're the same or not with his-- With his brain. Yes. Well, the eyes in it, yes. We had them, would we have noticed if they were hand-signed or if they’d been printed? These are the most intense public officials I've ever attempted to swindle, so I'm not entirely sure what we do at this level. Leave a mark on a tree, etcetera. if you agree to these terms, and then we leave a mark on a tree, similar sort of thing. A bag of gold in a trash receptacle. I'm saying that there's nothing to commit proof other than money actually exchanging hands. We used money for these things all the time back in my day. So if that letter asks for some sort of assurance or some sort of money to be placed "Please hire a couple people, you can leave some money in this location for them," and if they find that money, then they know they actually consented and agreed to this whole argument. It isn't that complicated. I don't know if Richters have fans. I'm baffled by the notion of building a box inside of a larger box inside of a larger box to hold papers, but fine. Let's start by talking to our friends before we start investigating our allies. I keep trying to make a sound, it's just nothing's working. Beyond actual, personal stationery. I think the notion would be is that you would actually send your actual handwriting in something like this because that way they would know that it was you. You would be very careful how and who you would send that through. You wouldn't want a second person taking dictation as you plotted to overthrow the government. It's good there's a bathroom on the way to that. That works out well. Maybe a birthday card. I thought we were going to take the sewer to get in there. Perhaps we should just have a two person reconnaissance for now. Too soon. Could you parkour the wall? I knew you were already there. I got ball bearings, man. (laughter) Call me pinball wizard. Yeah that changes things, the landscape. A plank of wood will work too. We have rope. I have pitons, and a hammer, and rope. To a point. It's standard carny practice to be able to fake boils and stuff with a disguise kit to leper up a bit? Sure. Could fake some sick on people. You can just drag me in. I can make a scene. Have we talked about the other house yet? Because the distraction was obvious. Was it a guard dog? We’re in! We're going to need a bigger boat. About an hour? And who said I was going to do my face? We don't want them to look at it too closely. Oh, I'm going to do that, too. I've got a plan. You're not going to touch my clothing. No, we're not setting fire to my clothing. I'm going to mess up my junk what fierce. No, back at the-- do we have a place where I can work, or am I going back to the Leaky Tap? Or is that too far away? An hour painting my dick? No, I'm going to need some privacy for that. (laughter) Really. I thought you wanted a distraction! A Denny's, whatever. The worst pub ever. No, I'm going to scramble everything. I'm going to get some beer. I'm going to get some mayo. I'm going to get a little bit of everything, I'm going to put it in my-- A little bit of hot sauce. No problem. We're going to put it in my-- I've got a little water sack. I'm going to mix it all up and put it in there and wait till we're ready to go. D20, proficiency bonus, intelligence modifier? That's 11. I have no intelligence bonus. You can see. That's the brilliance, is no one's going to look that closely. Literally forever. Shit! I didn't even think about that! God damn it. I'm always ready to make a damn fool of myself. No, I'm fine. I'm perfectly, perfectly fine. I don't need to do any of this. I'm fine! No, I don't -- I was born in a place like this. I don't want anything to -- I'm going to give myself a little (grunt). Sir, there's -- (vomit). I'm going to go for it right in his face. Magnets, how the fuck do they work? That's nice. 21. I'm going to start crawling along the floor and i'm going to cut myself a little bit on my neck. Since I'm used to it, I don't mind a little blood. I'm giving myself a good cut, maybe there'll be a little ice fleck. I don't know if I want to activate that, if it'll work on my fingernails, but what the fuck. I'm going to start crawling, leaving a trail of vomit into the next room, going, no! No! Yup. Off in the distance you hear, You have no legal authority over me! (vomit) I'm just running the hall. I'm crawling in the hall. (vomit) I'm still bleeding from the neck. I'm going to immediately -- I'm going to go limp. Then the minute the door's open, I'm going to make a break for it. I'm out! I'm going to bolt. Full speed. All right. Athletics or acrobatics? Athletics? Oh, yay. That's nice. Nine? It's magic! I'm possessed! I turn to one and go, (in a guttural voice) The power of Christ compels you! I'm going to use Devil's Tongue and I'm going to do a couple points of damage to him. Vicious Mockery. It's only a couple points. On Vicious Mockery? Where's my -- I'm not used to magic. It's so weird. Charisma modifier is zero. Is it? I'm blind. Where does it go? It would've been a plus three modifier, sorry. I'm trying to find that. I'm not used to magic. Yeah, never mind. All right. I know. Is there a window? In the door? (cackling) Are there bars on the window? All right. I'm going to peek out the door to see if anybody's coming for a minute. I mean the little door window. No window in the door and the door is locked. Okay. I'm going to start gently meditating on breaking the window, or opening the window if it'll open. How long has it been? I’m seeing how-- is it possible to open the window? God, all these numbers I used to be good at, but I’m not good at anymore. Ten. That’s fine. Nope. One. I’m going to jump out of it. Yeah, that’s okay. Carry me. I’m going to jump into your arms while you do that. Wait, no, I’m trying to understand the scene here. I thought they were looking at him. Well, if I’m already-- because I didn’t know if I was just standing-- I was already-- towards… I know, I’m going to save that for later. That is, in fact, hot sauce. I’m going to empty out my canteen into the fire. I was making a distraction. Fools seldom differ. I jumped through a window. Full glass, it was great. Well, some of those are sequins, but yes, essentially. It’s not about the plan, it’s about the desire to improvise. Oh, yay. I had very little, so thank you for that. It was probably just an attempt to steal medicinals. “Finalized the plans.” We can just promise them money. I thought that tied the whole thing together. What kind of dog? There’s a guard dog. It was a mastiff? Was it a well-kept dog or-- was it a dog of pride or just a dog of--? Does it look like the sort of dog that you can actually be proud of or is it just a utility? We have a cat. Then someone would have to get the dog back. I’m just talking about getting the dog-- no! Somebody’s going to have to retrieve the dog if the dog goes running. This is the subtle one. I’m not showing anybody-- there’s no more of that. What if the dog runs? The guard will have to get the dog back. It was a great plan. I was thinking some carnival masks, from the other direction. Everyone’s going to be pretty fancy-dressed. Masks on sticks. If someone stops you, if you have a mask, they know why you're there. I was really expecting more there. Be the chaos you want to see in the world. Thank you. Looking for Melrose. 11. I was about to say, I don't need much. I'll pay that. Yeah. I will get reimbursed at the end. It's for the best, because now there's no paper trail, just in case they are trying to-- Now I'm really worried about it, actually. And I can be in the back and be drunk and lookout. That's a very good plan. 19. We’re so good at this. We’re going to sit in the sewer like so much clown. Candy-themed, too. Mysterious whispers! I don’t think that’s true. The blue works. Stick with it, you know. All right. Advantage. That’s awesome. 19. I am. What were those guards’ names? If we hear the dog bark, we can walk by. If you also hear me make the same sound again, that means trouble. If you hear me make noise-- Oh, we had ring of truth cast. You can't lie. I did. Solid. She's got the other end. Sometimes there's balconies. French roof. I heard a dog barking. I feel that this plan was no better than ours. We’re keeping an eye on the street. I think we're on a corner, like far enough away from the house not to be a problem. 21. You look like a guard. I got my cards out. (hiccups) Hello, pick a card. 11. No. We had it coming. 15. Rugs are the new doors. That's a number. That seems fair. Natural 20. This is hard, being outside. It's okay. Someone had to do it. So I know that we can see if they're coming through? We may need to distract. I'm going to Go fuck with the dog. I push the cat away with that. And do you want to go out? Do you want-- we distract Crownsguard? Can I assist? I was about to-- yeah, I know, yeah. All right. How's your evening going gentlemen? Want a free tarot reading? I'm on a five-minute break for the entertainment. I sent the cat, so the cat should be-- That many stories? There you are, dear! I'm running with them to see what happened. There you are dear! Good god! There were those hooligans that were roughing us up earlier. Are you all right? I knew you were going to be okay, anyway. Do you mind helping? I know. Fucking-- Nope. Four. Hey, I'm only a little drunk. That's fair. Yeah. That's fair. You're a gofficer and a nentleman. Thank you very much. You had time to think about that. Wait, yeah. We can disguise you. Well, no, the charm won't work. I was thinking about pushing straight through the front door again. I've got a coat and a mask. Masked. Mm-hmm. That's nice. It's in your short rest button. Short rest is down at the bottom. Is this a thing that really happened? Slightly ahead of the house, so I can see if people are going to be approaching the house, I put my jacket down and set up a little busking. A mild busk. Oh, no, I'm on break. One on the house? I'm going to very slowly put my stuff together and fold it all up. Move around, yeah, but as long as I have an eye on the main thoroughfare. Nope. Seven. Seven. You know what kind of fold she uses in her undersheet. It's like that. As I'm walking away from the house, I start singing loudly, drunkenly (singing) I saw the moon in old, in the darkness. I'm going to sing loudly as I'm slowly drunkenly making my way. Hold Person? Yeah. We're going to start flanking to the back. Natural 20. I'm going to take cover. We've got to get out of here. We've got to get out of here. 14. This was something entirely different. What happened? No! You would be doing better if you edubated every night. That was a clusterfuck. That was amazing. You're all terrible people. I cannot wait for this shit! I am in this shit! Finally, I'm so excited. Goddamn it.