I better get mine turned in. Well, a burn. There was a beautiful sunset happening right offscreen. My friends who I'm sharing a room with were like-- "We're going snorkeling!" Yay! My first episode of Signal Boost went-- oh, ow, that hurt-- live on Tuesday! I'm going to burn us down. This whole game is coming down now. Yeah, you should check it out. I'm really proud of it, and I'm happy with it, and there's more fun. Mortified. Well, I will have a hive soon, it is happening. It's being built right now. Technically, next door to my room, but yeah, right next to the chickens. Screen window, crucifix, it'll get the whole thing stopped. (laughter) It's about four o'clock, why? Oh. I'm really looking forward to Overwatch. I haven't hit it yet. It's going to be a thing. Oh, yes, of course. That makes perfect sense. I got so enraptured in that story, I'm trying to think-- Ashcan Pete. Thank you, that was all I hoped for. We did a Sabbat Vampire game tabletop years ago at my friend Don's house that involved a savage burn on the Haunted Mansion and Pirates of the Caribbean at Disneyland, and we were resurrected as vampires inside the Haunted Mansion. And he had built an elaborate map of the entire ride, it was really spectacular. (laughter) Percy would absolutely kill another member of Vox Machina if he thought that it was for the good of the whole group. He thought if there was a situation where it was like, put one down because they were a threat to everybody else, he'd probably be okay. Probably. I couldn't kill Trinket. I think I'd feel really bad. I couldn't live with myself. Tonight's special. Percy'd be dead by now. He would have walked into something stupid and that would have been the end of it. (singing) Just a small town girl, living in a lonely world! (laughter) Bless Shaun. Okay, we need a title now, you've got 20 minutes. Good morning, what's up? Draw lots. What's the video game from Rick and Morty? I'm trying to remember. You're taking him off the grid, he doesn't have his Social Security card! (laughter) Many of those people in those books die. I feel knee-deep in act two right now. Yeah, he's totally act two. Waiting for that big break to happen. Good, that's a really good decision. Oh, it's going to be a crashing head. I'm curious. There's so many things that are on the cusp of happening. Don't. Wow, fuck, why didn't we think of that? That's so not true. So many things that could've gone wrong didn't. Yeah, that's the darkest thing that we ever hear in the game. "You can certainly try." I'll roll my die to spite you. It's not the email. You guys are intimidating out there. Legitimately. Oh, I saw that rolling through. It's a good one. I'd say an interesting mix for Percy of self-loathing, which is definitely a big thing for him too, and the unbridled belief that his parents put into him that he's the only adult in the room. Someone also said, "Is it fair to call Percy the Doctor Doom of his world?" No, he is definitely the Reed Richards of his world. And if you read Fantastic Four, you will know that Reed Richards is a terrible person. He's a terrible, terrible person. No, he didn't tell. I found out when you did! Yay! Nothing at all. I didn't even know. I left it open to have just been nothing. It could have just been that he had a dream one night and went nuts. It literally could have been nothing. I want my gun back! I haven't had time! Everything keeps exploding! If something could stop blowing up for five minutes, I'll finish four projects around the house. Waffle iron. Maybe their video is broken. Yeah, that was very impressive. She's not exactly Miss Charming either, is she? Let's stick a Miyazaki princess in the middle of the show and see what happens. That'll be great. I like everybody. I'm horrified by the thought of losing any of us-- I know. I thought we weren't, and then suddenly, oh, this is happening now! For the first time ever, I feel like Matt is actually-- You guys are really awkward. It's weird. Not really. Just kidding. Twitter asks, "When making sketches for inventions, does Matt ever shut you down, or 'you "'can certainly try' you?" And, no, usually if it comes to the sketch point, it's the, "I don't "understand what you want to do, please explain to me what you want to do", and I'm pretty good-- I try really hard not to push the technology of anything Percy makes past 1901, 1880. I'm not looking to bring the Vietnam era to D&D. (laughter) I have no interest in breaking the world any further than where his story is literally that he broke the world, which I'm sure will come up again at some point. No. That's fine. It's all over. I don't talk about who I'm jonesing for, in general. Percy does not talk about these things. Oh, Taliesin does. Taliesin will never shut up about it. (laughter) Yeah, Percy has no interest in-- He'd have to come back on the show at the very least. Absolutely, there are decisions that you make that are specifically like, I don't want my character to learn that much that quickly. I don't want him to be that smart and that, "Well, I've "learned a valuable lesson about how to treat people and how to--" Nope! Here. Yours. Cool. It's fun. I'll say both Taliesin and Percy are really amused by the entire situation. I love your Scarlet Pimpernel-- No. There's places you just don't go on the internet. In my mind I'm imagining Fronk, our local noise DJ. "I take the sounds, the sounds, I "put them together, and they make noises." Just like in real life, though, you really have to pick your friends. We've had games where not everyone's playing the same game, and it becomes a problem. I've been in that game several times in my life, where there's three different games happening. Find everybody who wants to play the game you want to play. I've got one here. This one kind of amused me. Stefan Pennington said, "You said what your characters' "greatest flaws were. What do you think your characters' greatest virtues are?", which I thought was funny. We've never talk about what's good about our characters very often, because what's wrong with us is so much more interesting. I know. This is an interesting thought. Percy I would say is-- he is genuinely filled with gratitude towards the people who saved him from the abyss that he was falling into. He is very grateful. He is many, many things, but he is deeply, deeply grateful for the people in his life, and is willing to do some dumb stuff that he knows is dumb because of it. I know. I want to hear what I'm going to be killing in here. Let me know what dies tonight. I'm so glad that she hasn't learned the mom voice yet. I'm not angry, I'm just disappointed. Oh my god. Three on the Kinsey scale. She still has to hear about it all the time. And it's really hard to find a greeting card for that. Like, I've been looking for years to find a pop-up-- snap! Yeah, that was so amazing. No, yeah. I totally see that. That's another thing. I think we need Community fanart. That's pretty good. Wow, it's like-- It's going to be three minutes of us staring at the-- Spoilers! God, some of us haven't had time. I haven't even started this season yet. I've heard. The internet told me. The treasure chest, by far. If I had killed Vex, I would have felt really, really terrible. Actually, weirdly, more out-of-character than in-character. I would have felt really awful because that's such a fourth-grade mistake. Really, junior-high-level foolishness. That whole bar episode was great. Yeah, I want to yell at Percy all the time. He does dumb shit a lot and I'm like, I got to let it happen. Did you just say that? Oh my god. And you'll turn to me and be like, am I reading this right? And I'll go, oh yeah. And then a thing will happen like whoa! Yeah, yeah, no, this is going to be fine. Yeah. I'm behind. No, the world that created the Matrix film is a desolate, sad place. Is that actually your Beyonder voice if it ever happens? 17. LIAM and Do you have my sword or do you not have my sword right now? My AC is 18, but I'm going to try and use the gloves of missile snaring. That brings it to a-- Oh yeah, roll damage. That hits. I'll do my 39 damage right now. I didn't roll the right die. That's 13 points off that, so that's-- That's 13 points off that, so that's-- Constitution saving throw. That's a d20, right? Yep. 11. Am I in line of sight? Yes, I am in line of sight, aren't I? Do I have partial cover from that? No, I don't. Constitution saving throw? Constitution saving throw. That's a 19. 19 points? Bonus camera. We do not know where Vax is. We know that he is back there somewhere. Let's figure out what we are doing with this. First of all, I'm going to-- You got away, you little son of a bitch. You're hiding back there, aren't you? First off, I'm going to cast Hex on Keyleth for the moment, because I've got to get that thing off the board. And I'm going to make you have disadvantage on strength checks. I'm going to hit her with the Retort pistol-- First shot is 23. That's 15 points of piercing damage plus four necro damage. Oh, good to know. All right, I'm going to take one more shot then and I'm going to spend a grit for a headshot to give her disadvantage on attacks until the end of her next turn. Oh, thank God, it's not Bad News. 15. That doesn't hit. Damn it. And just for fun, I'm going to take a third shot to see if I can do anything. That does hit. That's a 21. And that was not a grit shot. So that's... that's nice. 15, halved again. Plus six necrotic damage. And also, make a constitution saving throw. 19 is the DC, so does she make it? MATT and Damn it! Ugh, should've done better. And then I'm going to dive back here. For now I'm going to try and get some cover. Yeah, dive back there for some cover. Meanwhile, in chapter seven. Chapter seven is actually hiding in chapter four. It's really hiding from itself. Aren't we all? 16. There's only four of us. I know. It was also full necrotic damage. I'm out of sight now. Thank god. Does that mean there's that much light in the cavern that I'm not at disadvantage? Yeah! Break it down! I'm coming in around here. I'm going to take some shots at Pike. Am I not ten feet away from it? Oh, I wouldn't even know, would I? Dex saving throw? That's a 15, but I don't like that, I'm going to reroll it. Yeah. That's a natural 20. So I took ten points. Can I back up away from it? I still have one more space of movement. Okay. Fuck that guy. First thing, I'm going to use my bonus action to run a quick heal. That sucked so bad. That's 13 points back. (counting) That was just awful. That just makes me sad. That couldn't have gone worse. That's burned all that. I'm going to take a shot at Pike. And my gun seizes. Flipping that out for Bad News. I have room for one shot before my turn is over. Here we go, my one shot. Let's not do that again, that was really inappropriate. Better! 32 to hit. 23 points of damage. Yeah, no, I'm really annoyed right now. I'm really annoyed. You know, the minute I have sights on you, you're dead. I know I'll never have sights on you. I may have to burn a turn fixing a gun, too. Not with Liam, Liam is just like, whatever. It's like, "You don't know. You don't "know me." He's being so secretive. This is pressure. I'm feeling some pressure. What is it, perception? That's a 25. Literally, I rolled a 17. I would probably have to roll a natural 20 to actually see him. I rolled a 17, there's nothing I could have done. No, it's good that tonight is your derp night. Okay. I'm peeking around. I see the giant earth creature, and I'm taking a shot. Yep. Here we go. Actually, I'm going to make it a-- no, I'm just going to take the shot. I have to reload Bad News anyway, so this is the reload shot. Thank god. Nope, never mind, oh my god, for the love of god and all that is holy. Gun broke. For tonight. I will never actually take it, but for tonight. ASHLEY and I didn't know that. Well, it doesn't matter, because the second luck was also a gun break, anyway. I'm going to burn an action surge to fix the gun. On Bad News. And yes. It's fixed. Yeah, it's way above the number. And I dive right back there. Yeah. Actually, I'm going to dive all the way back here. Aww. Wait, no. Damn it. Okay! I'm going to be fine. This is fine. Wow, really? Okay. Oh my God, that's so-- oh, God. Oh, God! Yes. Yes, I am frightened. I am very frightened. Yeah, I was about to say, Bad News is-- I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm going to use my amulet and bring it up to 23. I hate you. I hate you so much! Oh! Oh, from the depths of hell. Where you going, Liam? Where're you going? God damn it. God damn it. I've had to burn all my good stuff already. This is good. This makes my life easier. I'm excited. Did I just scare you? He missed! I was about to say. Concentration? Oh, Hex is not concentration. Is it? Oh, okay. That might be new, because it's been so long since I've had to-- Holy cow. Okay. That's a four. I'm not having a good roll night. Not having a good roll night. Yeah. This has been ugly. Break him into sticks. To twigs and feathers. Smear him across the cave. I will be so pleased if this works. We're not going to act on that intel. Wow. That was painful to watch. Damn it. Okay. One, two, three, four, and I'm taking my shot here. Let's hope this goes a little better than the last one, since this has been really sucking. Straight Bad News shot. Better! That's a 32 to hit. Yes, which is why this is my only shot. That could be worse. 18 points of damage. And I'm backing up for cover. Yep, that's my run. That's what I got. 18 points. Not that hardcore. Oh, God, I just saw a zero pop up. Oh, God. I don't want to look. I just don't want to look. That's what you get. 24, okay, so that's-- I can do that. All right, yeah. I'm fine. I've taken 87 points of damage, so I'm fine. Not dead. I'm going to take that attack of opportunity. Attack of opportunity. There's a marble stat. 17 is my perception. Unless I can add my passive perception to that, no. I won't look, you can show him. Fly, you fool. That's akimbo. That's cocked. All right. I'm putting Bad News aside and pulling out my sword, and I'm going to start hacking away at the cleric. I'm cutting at the cleric, like we do. Slash number one. 16. 21. God damn it. Ah, 23. And that's nine points of slashing damage. Wow, I'm looking rough. I'm going to take my slashing attack. That hit. That's a 31. That's ten points of slashing damage. Does that drop stealth? My AC is 18, yeah. Yeah, I'm going to do a catch. It is a reaction. Oh, does that burn my reaction? No, I'm done. Yeah, I'm out. I rolled a lot of ones and twos this fight. No, I was prepared. Well done, no, you took, yeah. You did some intense damage. It's okay. That was awesome. Aww. I only feel that that's fair. Oh, yeah, I should probably kill me. Okay, so I lose a death saving throw? I'm one down? Under over ten? Nope. That was like, "I rolled another three." Keyleth incinerates the entire cave. Was it? Well, my money was on either you or me dying first. Oh god, the pain begins. Not a lot of 20 in this game, is there? Making yourself a private room. He's in the room with you. Whoa! It's like trying to hit him with a spotlight, and then throw everything you can at him. It is. It's an anti-rogue spell. The Beyonder is a mysterious creature. The laws of physics do not apply here. This is phenomenal to watch. I'm reading chat, and everyone's like, wow, Taliesin's spaced out. No, I'm just reading chat! I'm just watching it. Normally don't get to see chat. I'm not your buddy, friend. They're still doing South Park. Keyleth is fine. She may even be pristine. Metaphor. It's like Where's Waldo with knives. (creepy voice) Where am I? I would think a dark reboot of Where's Waldo would do really well. I imagine a little chessboard-- Wow. That would be-- never mind. Oh my god, again. Welcome to the club. Whoa! Remember, the walls are caving in. Ten points. You were metal. Would you like some extra d6? (counting) There you go. All of that! Wow. Oh my God. Oh, shit! Sear your shame. Lock in the flavor. Don't help! Don't help. I've got to think up better ways to kill you. I had plans, but you scared everybody into the corners. The minute you vanished, it just changed everything. The minute anybody had walked in front of that, I had a ten-foot push. Clerics. Two rounds, now. I know, I was about to-- That was when my gun broke. I was about to get you to drop, and then the gun broke. I know that your strength is artificially increased. Does that artificially increase your skill sets, too? So actually, technically, your athletics should be four. You don't have other stuff to deal with, either.