Great. I've got a firm shot at it. (laughter) No, I've been loving it. This was my purchase in Berlin. I'm quite pleased with it. Thank god. Pretty aware, I would say. He was definitely not the worst he’d been. I was not prepared to where that was going to go. There was no understanding of how the guns or the curse worked, at all, until it just started happening. There was no conversation about that at all. That was just me as player sitting going, "What the fuck is happening right now? What is this? Oh no. I may have made very poor choices. I didn't actually even know where my character was at that point. You just went with it, man. It was kind of crazy. We could basically do sim farm if you want. We could all decide to become sharecroppers, and that could just be the show. Are we going to do eggplants for this next season, or are we going to do carrots? Thank you! That’s what I was going for! I mean, it's a long list, and also, I would disagree with greed. It's a long list of things that he feels responsible for, because he's the only adult in the entire world. It wasn't greed, it was just hubris. Yeah, it was just hubris. He's a character based on hubris. People make that joke occasionally, like immediately going into hell like "Okay, nobody ever make a deal, don't sign anything," and then immediately within one hour is like "I'm going to to make a deal." Yeah, it's because this is what you do when you tell all the kids "Don't touch the oven!" This is my oven, I'm going to cook something. It's what you do when you think you're the only adult in the entire world. It always goes well. MATT and That'll be the 90 minutes after this 90 minutes. You maxed out the taint bar, man. Eventually, there's like two a block. You can't escape them. Yeah, I'm totally into it. We named a couple of them. And Qwop. I kind of like that they don't, so that if people want to actually play the kids in their own games, they can do what they want to do. We haven't had time to sit down and go over this. A couple of them would've gotten the other siblings' names, I think. We'll go over it. Yeah, I feel like I have but-- Oh. Wow. That's a lot. I'm just going to be sitting like this for the rest of the evening. No, it's weird. One more-- (laughter) I'm so excited; this is everything I’ve hoped for and more. And it would have been very awkward and strange. That may have just been because there was a lot of tension of when that was going to happen. Yeah, I did. So that was a thing. When I was unconscious. BRIAN, TALIESIN, and He unplugged the machine, you actually-- I've been torturing everybody. I've been very specifically torturing all of them. It's great, it's making me younger. I know a little bit of what Ashley's doing. We broke that, right? They know that those aren't the characters?