She's not a polite paladin. We would have gone so Star Trek or something. Yeah, I didn't feel anything. I think we would've changed the name anyway because we were making the noise of, "Do we "want to be known as the S.H.I.T.s? Because we have to start making a decision." But even in-game we were like, "Are we the S.H.I.T.s or are we--?" And it was the two of us who were going, "Absolutely fucking not." You left? Solid name. He was flashing-- again, Percy spent almost the entire game in the midst of an intense nervous breakdown. And he was specifically flashing his name almost like running around saying, "I'm Superman!", looking for Lex Luthor. So he was kind of trying to put feelers out there to let people know who he was and what was happening. Whitestone... I feel like they knew that he came from Whitestone. I just felt that news of what had happened in Whitestone hadn't really processed through the kingdom. They wouldn't even necessarily know that... who knows the name of the royal family of Nova Scotia? Unless you need to. The New England Scotians. Daryl and Hannah. That's pretty fantastic. Yeah, it was intentional, and he was fine whether people believed it or not. It was more for him than it was for anybody else, just to build himself up into this notion of a superhero. Too well. Can you do a monkey's fist? That's my favorite knot. You sprout more Brians if you get wet, is that it? Kash kiss. Money well spent. Uh, yes. Yes he did, although they weren't quite as complicated as when Kit came out with the four-lens. That was like, oh wow, that's wonderfully complicated and impractical, I love it! (laughter) Every week. Every week is a friend we never will make. Only a few. You made it weird, man. Trucks going by all the time. We all have that problem. Yeah, but-- There was a roll to get me to give it to you, which I was not pleased about. I was not happy! Don't do this, please don't do this! Built it in a fucking barn! Two mystical elements involved! Nope. Nothing. It was priceless and I never managed to build another one! Because it was impossible to recreate! So pristine. Two magical elements welded into-- oh lord! But it was cursed, apparently, so there was that. Orthax is still out there, though. Yeah? Cool. All right. I tried to hand you nothing I wouldn't have known. Everything I gave you about Whitestone was all. I remember you specifically going, saying like, if you have anything else to add, do it now. Yeah. I didn't know anything about them so I didn't write anything about them. Weird note on the Briarwoods, also, in my head when I wrote them for myself I gave them no supernatural elements whatsoever in my head. But I was reminded of a married couple from New Orleans. There's an old ghost story in New Orleans, that they do on the haunted house tour of a house that had a fire, and when the fire brigade went in they went upstairs and they just found disastrously mutilated bodies of people who were obviously kept alive for way t-- were still alive. Like a torture chamber of just awful and weird. And as they were trying to figure this out the rich couple just got into a coach with their stuff and left and were never seen or heard from again. They were just out. And I find it interesting that they kind of had a similar, like, "Later, "we're out of here." Oh yeah, I'll find the story, it's a really big New Orleans ghost story. Explains a lot. He didn't know the voice in his head was real. He literally thought it was-- He was in the midst, again, it was a very nervous-breakdown-y reality for him. His hair went shock white, he woke up on a boat in shock for months, and just didn't talk to people until he did. And yeah, the dream he thought was just-- Well, that was the first time that it ever happened though. That's the thing, is he had had some weird dreams and was like, "I'm going to build this weird thing." But it had not connected that that was actually a real thing at all until that point. It had just been like, "maybe I'm just "having a really bad time." Oh yeah, no. It was entirely possible from what I handed. I very specifically was like, if you decide that that isn't anything, it doesn't have to be anything, it could have just been-- had a weird dream one day, woke up, and built something awful. (Swedish Chef voice) I imagine her as the evil version of the librarian character from The Mummy. The psychotic Joker version of that character. I had that vibe. I assumed. I like the way you think. Oh yeah. Never gone. It's a very blood-laden family to begin with. At some point, I'll write a little bit of the stuff I've scribbled down. It's just one more ghost story for that bloody castle. There's a lot of them. It's highly appropriate for Whitestone. I think it's going to be slightly disappointing. It was not meant for him, which I know a lot of people thought it was for himself. It was his acknowledgement that the List was not the end, and his acknowledgement that the minute he started this, that this was going to be an unending cycle of awful. And so that barrel was meant to be a fresh start for a brand new List. And it was going to be once you hit that, it was, "They're all dead, it's time to find the next six "people, and this is who you are now." I know I've said this a lot and people hate it, but I want to make this clear. The reason I give Percy a lot of crap is because when he started building this thing and going on a revenge run, he was acutely aware of what he was doing. There was no surprise, and the first time he saw a gun in the wild, it wasn't, "Oh no," it was, "That went a little more "slowly than I expected." He was expecting Ripley to have guns, he was expecting all of this to go horribly wrong because he knew it would. And so he was like, "I really want to kill these six people, "and I'm excited to help thousands of other people in my lifetime die this way as well. It's "worth it. Trade done." And that was the line of, "I know what I'm becoming, I know what I'm doing, "and I'm doing it anyway even though it's really dumb." Classic. Thank you. Percy wouldn't have even blinked. He would have been right into it. That would have been dark and weird. That would have been so fucked up. It's so surprising and out of character. My thoughts were several. A, I can give him disadvantage on every attack, every round, and B, I know what is in every one of those bottles, and I had a working kiln. I thought I had enough stuff around there that I could have had him bathed in acid, knee-deep in sodium, and probably set on fire pretty quickly and kept out of his reach and kept keeping back, pushing back, and giving him as much disadvantage, blinding him. It would have been keeping lots of status effects. I was of the opinion I could probably ride that out a long while. Kept that skull away from you, man, didn't I? (laughter) He was one of my favorite NPCs. He made the jewelry I gave everybody. The toothpicks alone, those toothpicks made me so happy. Did we exalt all of the vestiges? Okay, just curious. Oh god, it was less what they had to say and what they could have said that would've made him say no. There were certain appeals that they could have made that I would've ignored. Religion was a big one. I was prepared for any attempts to call upon a god to bring him back, he would have been like, "No, no, no." But it was all about finding reasons to come back. I was really happy to let it be a 50/50 flip. I could have gone either way. That could have been a great end to that character. Absolutely. Yep, that did it. Yeah, that did it. That sounds about right. 21 friends we never got to make. (laughter) 21 accents Matt didn't have to make. (laughter) Shut up! Everybody knows you're beautiful! Just shut up, damn it! I was waiting for that! Thank you! Peter O'Toole. That's what I think of when I think of high-class counterfeit art. What would happen if a tiefling ate one? Would that change things? Curious. I'm happy to answer. He wouldn't have killed him. He was going to find him. Again, under the rules of this world, I understand how this works. Sneak in, cripple him, take all of his stuff and tell him never to come back again. I was not happy with him having a vestige. I knew that he had taken shit from the house and I wanted to send a message that we were not happy. I didn't feel that he was responsible enough to have a lot of the stuff he had. I would've just snuck in, kneecapped him, taken his stuff, and say, "Don't come back." That would've been the end! I was ready. I didn't have any plan in mind. The only thing was the eloping and that eventually came out. It was quiet and personal. This is right. The whole notion was very punk rock from the top to the bottom. I think it was also a "God, "I do not want to be a couple like your brother." Was a big part of it. Let's not be your brother and Keyleth at all. I thought it was a good reflection of "life is complicated and we could die at any "moment." Yes. It was like I double-dog dare you and-- It's just doing it then, huh? Was it the priest from, I'm trying to remember. I marry everybody, to be fair. Oh wow. I tried to tail him briefly. Did Scanlan ever shoot the gun? That was the only time? He just had it. He had 15. Oh, then technically shot, but not bullets. You had 15. Did you just pose in the mirror with it and try to look cool with a towel like a cape? Ooh. It tied the outfit together. Scooby-Dooed, so hard. I already know, but I knew going in. Hex. I only have three spells. That was so good! Speaking of cooler Infinity Gauntlets. No. He had transferred a lot of his angst over that whole process to other people by that point. I feel certain that if he comes back, we can deal with him. We had ruined him already. He had shifted his anger and frustration at the world onto other people by that point. Again, it was never about Sylas on a certain weird level. Yeah. He's like the roommate from What We Do In the Shadows. He's like the fourth roommate. Keyleth and Loki cosplayers are really upset. Temple Run. Percy was going to save Vax. Percy was going to make a deal at the last minute and sell his soul, get the punishment he felt he deserved eventually when death came. Even though he understood that that contract would go horribly wrong, he would've convinced himself that it didn't matter where he went when he died anyway. He was of the impression, "I'm going somewhere "awful already. Why not get something out of it?" And then once doubt crept in, it became that weird moment of what am I doing with my life and why am I making all these poor decisions?! I don't know how I lied to myself to convince myself that was going to work, but somehow it worked. I was not okay for days after that. It was rough! Way to dodge a bullet there, Ashley! He was oblivious, man. Percy didn't have a fucking clue, either. Last to know anything. Letting go when Ripley shot me. Actually, on the other end of that, realizing that Percy was in love with Vex was pretty impressive. I've never had that kind of PC character interaction before. That was a strange moment. Eventually, you produce a rap/hip-hop show based off of our adventures. It's a huge hit. Your fight in Whitestone was pretty intense.