We've really never had to deal with this before. We have no adults here. Welcome to Critmas in May. We decided that we would make a mess of the studio instead of Matt and Marisha's house for once. Yay 100th episode! It'll be great! They're already trying to turn again aren't they? So we've been sent a lot of stuff over the last couple months and we're aware we don't actually have time to open everything but we're going to do our best to at least-- The crew has been generous enough to figure out some interesting stuff and put it all together in an order of interest. Travis and Sam are on their way but they'll be here by Thursday. Speak of the devil! No! We were just talking about that! Oh my-- what! Yeah, that's fair. That's excellent, my favorite. I'm really hoping that's a euphemism. There we are. Ampersand! Terry Kobel, I hope I am pronouncing that right, got me a beautiful copy of "English "Pistols and Revolvers," leatherbound! I want to look at the foiled edges. I'm so pleased. Yeah. This is beautiful. Yeah. It's just gorgeous. I don't know how. It's just magic. That is a four scythes detonating lock. That is actually a beautiful piece of lock. I'm going to be reading this. I am very excited. This is beautiful. It's got the bird skull and evil. That's Terry from Illinois. You never look this nice when we're working. Oh my god! Those are very exciting. I have some plans for those. Yeah, no, I feel like I want to be witnessed. That's really exciting. I love my tag, too. I'm not even going to read it. It's so much wonderful shade. That's so much shade. I love it. Oh my god, what? This is a little intense. Oh! The batteries now make sense. There was a weird battery box that we were shown, and they were like, "Do you know why "you ordered batteries?" Yes. More importantly, we can blind Matt. I want to know which direction-- I'm so sorry that I'm about to do this. I don't know how to help it. Oh wow. That's a lot of laser. They also come with a triggering mechanism. This is really nice. You'll love this, this is great. This is nothing but a good idea. This'll go so well. See the end of that coil? That's a squeezy trigger. I'm in no way going to abuse this. Not going to abuse this at all. In the meantime, there wasn't a card yet, but I think it came out of this box. Someone sent me this steampunk tarot set, which I have admired from afar for quite a while, but I'm going to-- I'm very excited. Okay. That got weird. I think you have maybe a series of NPC ones. Oh, wow. You know, I don't even want to look. One bullet is all I need. Yeah, we got a peek at Whoppers. I was gonna say, we don't know what goes any further than that. Looks like a microphone hookup. Are we opening the Whoppers? "I live as long as Whitestone lives." Oh, I was preparing for, "Life needs things to--" Oh, look at it with the little mask! Oh my god! It's a really nice-- Oh, you've got it. I think salted caramel. Is that a thing there? All right, this is happening. I've got to say, the amount of unbelievable handwriting that comes my way because of this is always spectacular. The hair is really killing me. I don't know. I'm definitely going to do something exciting with it. Something exciting's going to happen with it. I tapped my microphone like a terrible person. Thank you so much. This will be added into something fun. It does. I think it does. That's pretty cute. Highly entertained. I had been working on putting one of these together, and now I don't have to, which is very pleasing. I've got a thought. I'll show one of them, just so they get the notion of it. I'm going to do this and hope to not make a mess. Hah. Oh, wow, we've lost Matt. Oh yeah, the mug's probably in the-- yeah. I think she's sick and tired of us getting up in the middle of the game. Message received. That will be the last time you saw any of us get up in the middle of the game. Oh my. This is from @irish_mike. "To Taliesin To conquer your fear, you must face it. "Stay beautiful." And I got a bag of Swedish Fish. I fear these, but not for the same reason. Thank you. Thank you very much. Oh, I'm going to be in trouble when I bring these home. Oh, this is so exciting. Where is this from? This is "To Matthew Mercer." Where is this from? All right, let's see what happened. I'm actually excited because we have room for art suddenly because we just redecorated a bit. I don't know what this is. But things are happening. They wrapped this very well. Another door! Yeah, we're getting there. It's just an infinite amount of wrapping! All the way down. We need more hooks. We definitely need more hooks. I have not seen it up close. Oh my God, really? What lunacy. What lunacy is this? The note went-- The tape's not sticking anymore and it just gave me a mild heart attack. That's all. "It's hard to write rhymes about Taliesin/Wild imagination he's boundless in/The "true executive goth/With words he's no sloth/But his deeds you can find no malice in." I can think of a few, too. We multi-hooding? I'm getting a little warm, actually. I was okay, and then I realized, no, I'm cooking a little bit. See if there's a slip of paper. Sometimes there's a little slip of paper. (laughs) I was about to say, I feel like I've earned that right. I've seen things. Terrible, terrible things. Is there a note with-- I have "Life needs things to live." Ooh! Ooh, a Thor's hammer on a string, excellent. I will wear that. Oh, blue glitter. No, that will go. I know what that is. I know, it's got layers. Thank you so much. Also, it's been over 30 minutes, so it's free. Oh no. So far. Actually-- We've got the wall as well. Yeah, there's a lot of new space for art. This is going to be a two-person job, isn't it? Oh no. Oh no. The gold foil ink is nuts. No, I'm pretty sure. There's also this. I want to put this somewhere super safe. Everyone, don't tweet at him. Don't tweet at Sam, he doesn't have to know. It's Lego-adjacent. Oh, it has a little catapult, look at that. And tiny fish, which I don't understand but I'm excited for. (laughter) No, it's just there. Does this one come with tiny fish? This one comes with far more traditional fare. No tiny fish. (laughter) It comes with a treasure chest with keys and gold coins and another catapult and a spider, but no tiny fish. We're reaching the end, though. Lot of Australia. What's going on down there? Lord Fourth Wall. We just need him to build a full wall of art, now. All those Batman posters in the hallway. They magically vanish over the next 72 hours. That could happen. All right, I'm down. And if you didn't see your package on air, it's entirely possible that we did get it. Packages are not necessarily opened in the order that they are received, nor are they received in the order that they were sent, nor were they necessarily sent in a way that actually was received by us. We have them. We've possibly opened them. We're pretty sure we have them. We don't open everything on air, so it's entirely possible that we did get it, just because sometimes we see a package and get curious. Like a small woodland creature. Yeah, they yell at us. And 826LA, as always, and First Place for Youth. It used to be a notebook. It's not a notebook anymore. You all have excellent handwriting. It's actually very impressive. Very self-conscious about my handwriting thanks to the fandom here. Cue all the pegasi.