Oh god, I've got to start? Really? Okay, I can do that. That's much more interesting than voice acting. My name is Taliesin Jaffe. I got into roleplaying in high school with-- well, I had funny hair and wore a lot of black, so I played Vampire the Masquerade. And I LARPed. I was a big LARPer, for those-- I don't think I have to explain that. And had a group of friends in high school, and we would do everything from weird games, like we played GURPs and Rifts and Cyberpunk and all those games in the early 90s, late 80s. And it had a been a while for me, and then I got pulled into a completely different game with Matt and a few friends of ours, so we played for about a year and a half, and then we'll get to the story of Liam's game, but I got pulled into the game that was the first game, and it has ruined me for every other game I could possibly want to play. I love that today seven people have come up to me with this intense look in their eyes, and they've come up to me very quietly and been like, "Hey. Briarwoods, man. Wow. Wow." (laughter) Better them than us. It's like the internet, but nice! It's so crazy. Oh boy. Percival Fredrickstein von Musel Klossowski de Rolo III. They call me Percy. I decided, after I had an image of the character I wanted to play, I wanted him to have a ridiculous name because I love ridiculous names. It's actually a mixture of three things, one of which is a character. I was a child actor, also. One of them is the name of a character I played as a child actor. The other section of it is the name of an anime character from Legend Of The Galactic Heroes. And the third chunk of it is actually a friend of mine, who I will not name, but who has the greatest name on earth. Yes, I'll leave it a mystery because he doesn't know that I stole his name for my little D&D game. And thankfully he's 80 years old and lives in Italy, so he doesn't have to know about this. And I want to keep it that way. That's basically where my character's name came from. This is a mix of all three of those things. He types all in caps, too, so I'll never know how angry he is. Bring us home. I was quite proud of the magic carpet save. Our very first run-in with the magic carpet. It's a very complicated story, but we found the magic carpet out of luck while falling out of a building and everything. Kind of worked out okay. No one died. I saw a guy dressed as Hodor with a box of Raisin Bran on his back. It was awesome! Really quick. Tell them about the hourglass. We had a buddy!