That's a whole different thing. I'll say the game is therapeutic. I don't necessarily know if broadcasting it on the internet is therapeutic. But the game is! I work things out. It was a few weeks ago, I was with you, and I was like, man, I'm in a mood. Percy's going to do something messed up, man. Argh. I need to put it somewhere. I'm going to kill a guy. Somebody yelled at my mom three states away, grr. True story. It's true though, because we've all done theater. There's that family thing that happens in theater, but then there's that pre-show jitter that happens with theater. I don't get the pre-show jitter, I just get the family vibe. It's really nice. No, but there's a fair point, also, to say, and I feel like this is true even of my home games that we played before stream, I think of-- and I know I'm going to get a list of movie titles. You think of your favorite movies and so many of them are about making a plan and executing it perfectly, and then everything going fine, and like, that's not fun. Chaos is fun! Complete lack of control is fun! You've definitely inspired a lot of vaguely drunk conversations about what we're going to do next, between a bunch of us. We've started talking. Britney you don't know, but that, you know. Okay. Glad that's making a map right there. People legitimately tweet quotes at me, and my only reaction is, I said that? When did I say that? I don't even know the context anymore! Thank you, I'm very proud of that one. I'm going to be a jerk. I can only think of one of my own. "Life needs things to live." I'm so glad that has weirdly-- I was so tired. I'm so pleased, thank you Sam, that has become a thing. I can never escape it ever again. Oh, I was so tired. I think the air of superiority may go. It may not. But the anger issues, I don't think are ever going away. He'll never stop pretending he doesn't have them. (Percy voice) No, yes, of course. Oh, current character? AUDIENCE Whoa. God, probably sorcerer at this point. Which I know would be a little weird, but I'd make it work. I'm not going to multiclass, but if he did, that's where it would end up. White Phoenix shirt, very solid. Feeling it. This is fine. I feel like we've talked about this before, and now I'm drawing a blank, other than Lin Manuel. We had, like, three iterations of me before I was really functional, I think. I will admit, I really like Matt's Doty-face. It's like a cartoon bird. I like the milk/water/mayonnaise jar. That Asmodeus ring, that was a deep cut, man. Some sort of soul litigation? Do a little Faust play. Mephistopheles. I'm a little worried. I don't know, Hell makes me very nervous right now, I've got to admit. I'm a little nervous. I usually only accept meat from friends covered in blood.