I feel like I need a booster. It's all downhill from there. I was sick for cows, so I got to sit at home with a fever and watch the cow episode and be like, (loopy voice) This is so nice! I like this! It's great! I know, I've been like retconned into it-- None of you ever remember. Everybody was like, remember when we did that? And I was like, I didn't do that. And you're like, yeah remember when we all did that, and like, fuck-- (laughter) I love the idea of, completely random, but the whole notion of coming back as a pixie, just a teeny tiny, dammit Na'vi level of (nyoom noises). Chicken it is, all right. I would like to rage. There's a big mermaid festival on Coney Island I think that's coming up. Super cool. Player character, motherfucker, player character. Wow. We've got like a third of it already. I would go Gilmore super-fast. So much fun. (Gilmore voice) I just love doing that voice all the time. Hello. Yeah, it's good for the drive over, you really get the headspace. Definitely grateful for family at the moment, is Percy's bag right now. He's feeling good, all things considered. Legitimately hadn't thought of that. There is a song, I Want a New Duck. Curse your name every time it rains. You wound me. No, I think he would definitely-- there's a history of machinist gods, the gods of order and making things happen the way they're supposed to, so he would definitely go that direction. Pass? I was a Phantasy Star 2 kid. That was really my jam. That was a weird, weird game, and the sci-fi vibe was-- I'm so delighted by this entire notion that I can't think straight. Oh my god, D&D crossovers, what a crazy idea. I would love to do a Star Trek crossover. I've got to admit. It was much easier. We're getting to a point we're like-- whoa. I miss when the correspondence was more manageable as opposed to this is something I have to set aside time every day to do it. But yeah. That's the one thing I miss. Oh, five minutes a week. I can deal with this. I was expecting Percy to end a terrible mess, and it somehow has not happened. He's actually kind of a functional human being, which was not the plan, ever.