Just keep saying random things until it makes noise. Yeah, I gave you about a page-- everything on Whitestone and everything with Percy fits on about a page of relatively small type. It was nothing that he wouldn't have already known. There was no information on that page that Percy didn't know, like nothing he didn't witness himself. He didn't know who the Briarwoods were, he didn't know what was happening, he didn't know even-- I left it pretty open whether or not the dream was a real dream or a demon or a whatever, there was none of that information. At one point I'm like, "I have a couple notes of things I want "to add," and your response was, "Well, I would get your shit together pretty quick." That was all I was really given. I'm like, "Uh, okay. Why? Oh, no!" It could have been just a dream. It would've been-- that would've been interesting if it had just been a dream and not really a thing and it was just him being a terrible person. That's great. (yelling) Let's go on a pub crawl, woo! Fire Plane was a big one, I remember. You were almost irritated at the Fire Plane. You were borderline irritated. We spent weeks telling you we weren't going. My answer is cheap. I'm such a superhero nerd and I'm such a Flash nerd and I would love to do a superhero. I used to play Champions. I built speedsters in Champions all the time. I loved playing speedsters. Yeah, my money was on you. Throw down in Tal'Dorei. I rolled so badly. I was just staring-- I rolled three ones, two twos, and only two rolls over ten the entire game. I was like, everything's broken, nothing's working, I'm paste. That's just what happens. I'll actually say, and also for people who are asking, Percy doesn't carry the contract with him. I know about the contract, and a lot of people were like, why didn't you pull it out? That would have not felt-- Percy would not have done that, and he doesn't carry it because he doesn't even want the temptation. That thing is locked away. I think it's locked far away. Thank you for encouraging sass. If I'm feeling awake and alert, which is not every game, sometimes I'm tired, Victor's always fun. But I've got to be prepared. (cheering) I was going to say. Practice. One of the things that acting training does, one of the first things they do, is they sit down and go, "All right, we're going to work very, very hard on removing all of your shame, because you're not going to be able to do your job if you have any of that." AUDIO But yeah. Removing that shame is not easy, and is a long and arduous process that-- Oh, hello. Yes, that's lovely. I wish I had a really good cheat for it other than-- I started by performing and getting weird in the car. That's a great place to be weird, because no one can see you, and then sometimes you notice people see you and then you get okay with that, of just singing something ridiculous. Kesha is good, I'm trying to think who else. There's some good stuff sing to feel really ridiculous. And weirdly, other people's reactions to you being ridiculous will slowly make you feel better, because it's never going to be the reactions you're afraid of. It's actually strangely positive, to be like, (crazy voice) "I don't care, woo!" Because people go-- It takes a while to beat that out of your system, though. It's tough. Thanks, Mom. That's the most mom advice I think I just won money on that one. Maybe you also get their lowest attribute as well. Like no matter what-- for whatever bonus you get, you get pulled down as well. You'd just be very insufferable for a while. I imagine that would be fun. He was not prepared. He was like, "Oh, okay. This is apparently happening." It took about three episodes to get really used to, I feel like. Three episodes in, I was like-- I thought it was good for us, because we'd been worried about-- a lot of our players, I think we're the only-- Us and Liam are the only ones who've actually played any other character. And so I think there's been a little bit of nervousness about what's going to happen when that happens, and I feel a lot better. You are not my father! You don't get to tell me what to do. It's everything I could have hoped for and more. We are there for you. Kobayashi that stuff. Blow it up. We were in a press room. A good DM, in my opinion, knows the difference between consequence and punishment. You don't punish your players for making the wrong decision. You don't punish them for going off the rails. You don't punish them for staying on the rails. You create consequence. There was a guy up a second ago who was talking about that all his players got accused falsely of a crime and then they found the real guilty person and dealt with it, he was talking about that. What if most of the world still doesn't know they found the right person and just all assumes that they're guilty and still got off and just treats them like dirt? For months? That would be amazing. And now they're just ostracized and everybody hates them. Make life be unfair. Like, just be unfair. Don't be mean, but you can stack the odds against them. I love "No right answer." Kobayashi that. Terrible situations where something awful is going to happen no matter what. They're learning. I'm so proud. They're learning. Your reality with Kerrek, I remember, changed your whole plotting quite a bit. You were getting kind of aggro. Oh, no, I remember. I call your current track, in my head, it's the "be the Lisa Frank you want to see in the world." (laughter) Hey, Sun Tree. Yeah. One of my core principles-- I like that D&D has those little Fifth Edition boxes, but I always see that as either-- and there's nothing wrong with training wheels, we all need them-- as a good way of helping you be-- There's nothing wrong with training wheels. Sometimes, if you haven't been acting for 30 years, it's nice to have a box that teaches you some basics. Or if you're playing a one-shot, it's a good way of remembering who you are and what you're doing, which is important for anybody. But I've never filled those boxes out for Percy at all. I don't think any of us filled any of those boxes out. Unless I'm playing a one-shot, I never fill those out anyway. It's a great episode. Yeah, Percy was supposed to never be happy. That was one of his core character traits, is somebody who will never be happy with himself or the world around him, and will always be, on a core level, irritated at himself and others. Mostly himself. And not anymore! I was like, what happens if he just lets that go finally and is like, fine, forget it. I deserve a little happiness. He's getting dangerous. I'm enjoying it. Something's going to snap terribly. I'm really excited. Yeah. All it took was a bad relationship, a really inappropriate relationship, to ruin everything. I'm so excited. Oh no, it really is! It's such a flashback to 22, 23. It's great. Waiting for Liam to make that speech. That was amazing. That's the next t-shirt Just a group of shitty people. Oh yeah. Tary points it out a lot, which I really enjoy, of like, you're terrible people. Yes, we are! Woo! Long time. I was about to say, maybe the sphere is not going to come up until the next campaign for all we know. I have no idea. Bend it to your will. There you go. Oh, just a player, nice. I think maybe if Percy had never become an engineer, I would have loved to have stayed in fighter class, but maybe a fighter class and become like a really poncy fencer, which would have been in the Errol Flynn style. "Ha ha!" Just can't build anything. I don't know, because he thinks magic's weird. The rules are all mish-mosh. You would be an angry nine-year old. Nice Chun-Li. It's not that we're nervous about Grog having the deck. If anything, it's that we're nervous about Travis having the deck. I can see that so clearly in my head. I think the deck in the battle royale was my fault, because every game, I distribute-- we get a lot of mail. It's mostly in my room. I live in it now. There's more mail in my room than furniture. It's one of the reasons I don't livestream very often anymore. I look like a hobo. Yeah, except it's just paper. I'm like, "Ah! Papercuts! God!" I distribute a little of it every week, and that deck that he had, that is what I had given him. I was like, "Here, you're going to dig this!" and I gave him the deck with the letter. It might not have been in his consciousness if I hadn't handed him a physical deck. So you lock the kid in his room with a crate of scotch and open it an hour later, the scotch is gone, and he's like, "I feel great!" You're like, "That did not work!" If you can't tell, we talk about this a lot. This is a subject of conversation. I feel bad, we've actually held the line now. Sorry. Don't encourage him. I meant to wake up and shave it this morning, I feel really bad about it. I guested a couple times on Dungeon Master. Then there was a sci-fi spin off that we did for several years. They would be in costume with character sheets that they'd filled out, and they would play through the game, and we would be the NPCs. It was a pretty solid-- there was some great stuff. You in the evil Disney World was one of my favorites. She played a psychotic, murderous Tinkerbell with a baby in a bag that she would beat on the ground to get people's attention. It was amazing. It was one of the best things I've ever seen in my-- it was so hard to keep my shit together with you with a shank and the baby in a bag. The makeup smeared. "Everybody smile!" Oh, it was so good. It was an amazing show. Is Dungeon Master still running? They put stuff on YouTube every now and then, too. They haven't done that yet. Fire Plane. Fire Plane for me. Yeah, definitely. We were not prepared. We can't tell. He doesn't flinch. He's like that guy who can hold his hand over a candle and maintain eye contact. It didn't even occur to me that that pub crawl was going to be out of his-- like he was going to have to pull that out of nowhere until like an hour and a half into it. I'm like, "Oh god." Oh, that was great! On the carpet! No! Hand it to Brian because it's always funnier. She knows where we are at all times. AUDIENCE He wears it well. If anything, I think it makes his maps a little better. He's trying harder. Oh god, I'm so mean, I know. I feel bad about that arm, I do. I could build him something. I'll make him a robot arm. I've made really nice roads. It's true. The roads in Whitestone are great now. It's going to take a while, but we've already got several of the main throughways. It's great.