No one tweet at Brian. He'll never know. (whispering) It'll be our secret. Of course you're glowing. That's amazing. AUDIENCE It is now! I like my nickname for you during game. We got an extra chair. Do you want to just-- Throw the chair back. VOICE Okay, that's what we're waiting for. There's people who are coming in. I just got off a plane. This is the best I got right now. Well that's cool. We can talk amongst ourselves, then. That's not bad. It's not bad. Oh! Okay. This is like Act Three of the Rocky Horror Picture Show. Just really disturbing. One of them is broken. Just make sure that's not the one. All right. I'm Taliesin Jaffe. A.K.A. Percy. Percy de Rolo the third. A.K.A. the port for all ships, apparently. Which is very exciting. (laughter) Fuck. Blood type B. Every now and then you get blood type. I'm not kidding. Is it hard to understand us, or is it relatively--? Okay, good. Yeah. That's a different panel. This is an industry, where occasionally some of us go in to read for something and we're like, are you having these five people in for this? I know I just read for this, but you should really have these other five people read this, because I'm sure what I did was great and all, but this is a Patrick Seitz role. What are you doing? Come on. Let's not kid ourselves here. Before-- my voice just recently cracked a little bit-- so before that I used to-- It's crazy. Second puberty. I used to get paired up with Liam and now that's stopped happening which is really nice. Yeah, who you're right there with. The most random voice over. Yeah, Yuri's book is great, very helpful. Voice good, panel hard. Oh wow. I used to describe it to my friends with real jobs as it's trading the illusion of security for the illusion of freedom. MATT and You can either have the illusion of a job that's not going anywhere that's going to be there for the rest of your life, or you can have the illusion that you can do anything you like, and leave your house and go on vacation any time you like because you don't have a boss and you're your own boss, and your office is just your house and your bedroom. And there's no reason to ever leave your bedroom because you've got work to do. And sleep is really a bad use of your office really-- And why are you sleeping? Weekends are for people who have real jobs! What are you-- Yeah. The illusion of security versus the illusion of freedom? Yeah, you trade the illusion of security for the illusion of freedom. The phrase I hear in my head every time I walk out of a booth is, "Well, this is it. That's the last job you're ever going to book. It's been a great run, you've done very well, but it's all over now."It's time to go back and work at the video store. Oh man. You get discount coffee at the Bourgeois Pig. It's nice that they can look at you and they're like, "Oh writer, okay. Yeah." It's not a beard for anybody who actually has to audition for anything. We all spent six months just saying "what is happening?" You have such a solid respect for-- I was directing Erica Lindbeck in some show ages ago, and we had this really fascinating, interesting professor of Medieval Language or something he was in, and he was like, "Well, you've worked hard to get where you are," and Erica, bless her, was like, "No, there are people who have worked way harder than me that have nothing, I'm just really lucky!" He's like, "Don't sell yourself short," she's, "No, you don't understand how this works! There's a hundred people just as talented as me, I'm just really lucky!" You have a really healthy respect for luck in this industry. What you mean is you napped all your way to the bottom, let's make one thing clear. No, we're a small community. It's weird that they come in breakfast cereal form now actually. Douchebags for breakfast. Was that Mag 8? (Groans) Oh my god! We still have friends who live in that apartment, actually. That apartment is still in our friends' family, we're like, you'll get out of here one day. It's a pretty depressing place. Maybe another story. You always remind me of the Jason C. Lee character from Mallrats. I feel like I've been in so many rooms that started with, "Just because a chick reads comic books, you think she can't start some shit?! I'll kick your ass!" Whoa, no! Run! Yeah, never because, yeah, it's always the-- I don't want to go explain this to the cops later. Oh god. Well you, yeah. You're the first to go. I can think of several examples that are probably not true on that. Some good stories, sorry. I beg to differ. I am so amused. I didn't have a moment. I was born into this. I worked as a child actor. I was in the union before I was one years old, I had a SAG card. I was doing this solidly until the age of approximately 13 working on-camera. I could've been Boss Baby. "Yeah, never going to happen." Even back then I was really interested in Japanese cartoons and Japanese animations, which hadn't really become a thing yet, but I was really into it. I was excited by the notion that they were going to be dubbing them into English, and we were still figuring out how that worked. And because I was in the industry and working all the time I came at it in that direction of "Well, how are we going to do this? What kind of acting are you going to use for this? What kind of actors are you going to get? This is interesting." From having that perspective, I managed to interest enough people who found that amusing to start a career in that direction. At that time I was going to stop doing on-camera work because-- The Baywatch story, which is definitely a story. MARISHA and I'll tell the Baywatch story, okay. I'm telling the Baywatch story. I was 13 years old, I had the worst haircut on Earth, because it's the hair cut you have to-- if you're an actor, you have to have actor hair. I'm not kidding, you can't mess with your hair because you have a photo, and when they call you in, you got to look like that photo, and that photo has to have just enough hair that if they want to do something to it, they can, but not so little hair that you're stuck with the haircut you have. You have to have the bowl haircut boyish thing that's awful, and you have to have it all the time until they want to mess with it. That makes your agent angry. I was irritated, I had a headache, and I had to go to an audition for Baywatch for some kid who was upset because his grandfather died. The dialogue was so bad. The dialogue was so bad the 13 year old boy was going "You don't really expect me to read this and take this seriously, right? This is so stupid. This is weird, a little creepy, and there's a whole shower thing that I don't-- Oh god, this is--" I was laughing so much, and giggling through this serious "Grandpa's dead" scene that my dad, trying to be encouraging in his way, was like, "Well, if you can't take this seriously, maybe you shouldn't be doing it." And I was like, "Oh my god, you're right. I should not be put in a room with 11 other kids whose lives depend on this shit. That's a terrible idea. There are people who want this so bad. Call my agent, I quit, I'm done. I'm going to my room. I'm done." I was instantly like, "No more working out." I was like, "I want to stop working out. Being a 13 year old who works out is weird. I want weird hair, I want to have fun." I found out that voice acting means I don't have to work out and I can have weird hair and keep acting. That was literally it. It was like I can have all the fun I had before, except I don't have to do any of the hard shit. That makes it sound so cheap, though. It wasn't that easy. It wasn't that easy, but that's a big part of it. Surrounding yourself with creative people who are doing good work does help. Yeah, I still do it every now and then to remind myself that it's terrifying. You came in while we had that-- we were just starting to form this great group of people who were constantly-- we don't hang out and watch movies together, we hang out and make YouTube videos. The people in our group are always doing shit. We don't hang out together, we're like, "Hey, do you want to come over and help me produce this short film that I'm putting into?" "Yeah, sure, you need actors? You need a P.A.? What do you need?" Those two words don't go together. I just want to point out, that's like the cruise ships of the internet, right there. Because that's all you've earned. (laughter) Jim to his friends. The family we have time for, these days. I have other creative friends, especially older friends, that are the people I would like to grow up to be, which is a horrifying thing to say in your forties. I said it. It's weird, it's the people who are older than me that have found a place that appears to be comfortable, although I'm sure it's not. And then the friends of mine who are starting out who remind me that I have to work hard, because they're going to devour me alive and take all my jobs. Bless them. Eh. It's mostly jetlag. AUDIENCE Damn. I believe you get a convertible and head to Vegas. It's a suitcase full of games. You can only drive it in sandals. I just cleaned up my bookshelf, so I'm rereading a bunch of nonfiction that nobody wants to read, but the last fiction book, I reread Terry Southern's Magic Christian, because I was using it for something I was writing. Which I love madly, so, I really like weird 60s pop. I've got a thing for it. It's a great book! Please, because mine are awful. Something other than babies and cars. You give those Patton-style speeches in the office every now and then, where you just stand up and start, "There's a story in this book, you got to know." We all just sit and listen for a minute. Part of your job as an actor, one of the first things they teach you, if you're going to be an actor, is that your job is to be very uncomfortable. That's something that doesn't get said very often, is there's nothing that will kill your career faster than being, "I'm not comfortable playing that part." And they're like, "Okay. Thank you." I mean there are places and there are things, obviously, but I spent a chunk of my childhood crying being molested for ABC afterschool specials. (laughter) I mean obviously, there are things, but part of your job is to be excited by the notion of doing something that's going to make you vulnerable, as long as it's the right kind of vulnerable. I felt it coming, too. Oh no! It's like the wave at the Shamu tank, and it's no, no, no. Why did I pick the first row? Goddamn. Dude. I'm so proud of you. I guess there are auditions that I just turned down because I'm like, no, I don't want to. If it's not a story I'm really behind, yeah, that does happen. I always read the Scientology scripts. Yeah, that's true. I got my dad on their mailing list when I was 16. I am such a jerk. No, he did not. He still doesn't. You're never off. You're starting to-- It's my favorite character class. Next question. To be fair, you could have all left, we can't even see you. Awesome. Therapy dog. Downloadable content therapy dog, yeah there we are. The big one for me after over a year of waiting. Injustice 2 finally came out. I get to be Barry Allen The Flash! Oh my god! So that's really cool. One of the guys who was actually working on the animatic, when I was in there. He was like, "Do you want to see?" He was delighted, I was delighted, everyone was delighted. We were giggling like 14 year-- (giggling) oh, the windmill! (giggling) (deep voice) I like that I'm getting to use the Wolverine voice more and more, it's really nice. (deep voice) It's got a lot of treble; it's good. (regular voice) I don't know where I'm going with that. You think that we're teasing him but we're not. And the shirt melted off. Dissolvable shirt. Does it ever occur to you that maybe it's just that you're really sticky, so everything you touch is sticky? I'm not saying it wasn't sticky; it was a sticky airplane. Other than my dad, I think you're pretty good on that. There's going to be a short quiz. We have a few more signings. Caveperson. I'd play that app. Right now I feel like we're facing the Grand Inquisitors. AUDIENCE Doesn't remember much after. That was the last time Ryan made popcorn. That was nice. It was really good popcorn. God, do I have to pick? Hell was great. Almost drowning underwater was great. I was sick for that. I watched cows. Finally firing that arrow into the orb was pretty great. That was solid. Like a kid with a cardboard box. Lock them in the pool. Weirdly, I got to say, maybe this is a function of LA, I don't think I've had a repetitive day in 35 years or so? There's a curse, and there's some things I have to do-- God. Just to quickly add to that there is information in the ether that surrounds us, there's this notion that life is designed in its very DNA to be toil, and the notion of any kind of delight or pleasure is a strange aberration from the toil that life is supposed to be. I assure you this is not true! You are currently at a convention full of people enjoying themselves, and this is an important and necessary thing you're supposed to do every day in some way. Toil is almost the weird one, really know that you'll do better work if you're happy and enjoying yourself, any way you can. Sound design is nuts, too. I do that a lot. Which piece of direction? Sounds like me. That sounds like me-- Did I say "Because Japan"? Yeah. If I recall, that was definitely said several times during that game. You did pretty good, if I recall. That was a good one. MARISHA and We'll text each other if they're really good. Ripley and Orthax in the dungeon was the moment where I'm like, okay, I finally figured him out. When he was finally having that "What is happening to me? What is my life? Hold on!" That was his moment of actually getting some clarity. Cold reading classes. There's some classical theater. I liked learning history of theater. It was very useful. Not even Faye Dunaway goes full Faye Dunaway. That's a good one.