Hello. Hi, Taliesin. Oh, good, the microphone works. Hi! Oh, wow. My god, that's a lot of you. That would've been fun. Apparently. It's pretty amazing. You were very excited about your boots. I do remember that. The boots were very intense. He made boots. Mine was based off of a short story that I had written and never done anything with. Percy takes a lot of cues from the movie Plunkett and MacLeane. That movie is ridiculous and I'm so proud that it exists. That and a short story about what the poor jerk who invented the first gun would've been like and what awful circumstances would've led to that. It's changed quite a bit from there but that's kind of where I came from. It was exciting. It was a class I'd never played before. It was Pathfinder. I was curious. I was a dragonborn paladin. In high school. There were several times things just got worse and worse and worse and I was finally like, okay, coming in, fixing it. All right, let's move on. I'm so glad I don't have to do that dragonborn accent anymore. That was so awful. AUDIENCE He was just sort of heavy and dry and everything, he was, ugh, god awful. Why? You don't want to know. We're throwing stuff at everyone. That character came out of nowhere, too. Like that was, apparently, I just found out that-- No, you've seen all three! AUDIENCE Hex, Minor Illusion, and Friends. Friends is the third one, which I have now used a couple times. I was about to use it on you if things started getting way too bad in the shop. I was going to very gently suggest that you just hand everything over to Vex, and enchant you to do so. I was prepared to-- That's my money! Minor Illusion worked out great. Oh yeah. After the game, he's like, "So what would have happened if I'd put my hand in the shadow?" I'm like, "Well, you would have grabbed the skull then, wouldn't you?" And he's like, "No!" You were so angry. I was trying to give you the eye when that was happening, like don't do it! Don't do it! AUDIENCE No. They're like the two friends in high school who are dating, and like, this is gonna be such an explosion. (laughter) It's amazing. Do it. All right, good. Okay, XL, big XL. I'm going over here. Things just work out better when we actually RP. He does! Do you not read the emails you get, like, every like-- oh, yeah. You are a master class, I swear. I feel like a better actor just sitting next to you. She owes me breakfast, so this doesn't surprise me. Don't call it a comeback. I've been here for years. Heads will roll. I'd steal Ellie. I'll take Black Widow, if you take Thor. The sage helped. The sage helped a lot. AUDIENCE I specifically had sage powdered in dragon's blood. It was really intense. AUDIENCE Not kidding. (singing) (singing) It's delightful, it's delectable, it's de-lovely. Yes, thank you. I had to put my coat somewhere last episode. That was very important. You're almost as useful as a bear. (laughter and cheering) We could make a lot of money bear wrestling. Gnome versus bear? That red panda was pretty awesome. Oh, yeah. I got beat up by a goat on camera once. (laughter) I've already taken care of that. We ran into-- It was amazing. It was a while ago. Yes, collectively. Percy's kind of starting to figure out that he's not that great a person, but-- I knew, but Percy didn't know. But at the same time, it's mostly because he's acknowledging that we're all kind of awful people, but together-- except for Pike. Pike's great. Pike's fine. But together we're actually a powerful force for good. Individually, not so much. Percy would have words about that. Oh, yeah. This is meta. Way to go. I see that. Oh, yeah. By far. She killed a kid. It's not that we're not heroes, it's that we're flawed. We're flawed people. He's just going to get killed in five minutes. This is going to slow down the autograph lines so much. There's going to be so many misspellings and typos. I try and have my attack plan ready for when it's my turn to fight. I don't start looking at the board when it's like, "All right, you're up." No. Okay, I'm good. He put the fear into me because he said I was going to run out of bullets and powder soon. I was like, "Oh god, you're right!" And I didn't know what to do about that. For safety, how many revisions have you given me? About eight?