I know, I'm just-- Goddamn it. Hi. Good morning. Good afternoon? Good afternoon. God. Wow. That was fast. Hello. Here for scale. Just so you can imagine, I'm about four feet tall. That'll give you an idea of how big this is. Give or take a few feet. I like the tree. Fish-a. Who's Boris? It is a little chilly. (noncommittal sounds) Yeah. That's a thing. That makes life better. Somebody had to make a little edit there, later. Tennis shoes. Sorry. Love a good TPK. Oh wow. All right, here, I'll just-- I've got one from Australia. All right. Oh, well we should save it for Brian. I'm amused at the notion of opening his mail. Oh yay. Thank you! It just got done, because I had to go to the DMV and this felt like the appropriate thing to do. It's going to be great. You found tiny balls. And a packing slip. Are they whiskey glasses? Oh my god! We're going to make sure Foster never sees these. Ever. Oh, nice. Oh my god. Awesome! This came from Australia. Oh shit, son! From Australia. Tim-Tams and candy. Oh my god. More sugar. That might be post-- ooh, what's this? Hold on, there's a letter here. From CaspertheIttyBittyPuppy. It's true. We have terrible chocolate. Casper, thank you so much. We will make sure that the crew sees a teeny tiny amount of this. The smallest amount possible. Might just get a photo. Thank you so much. And this is for Laura, so I won't open it. I'll make sure this gets to Laura. I'm going to put this in the Laura pile. And I put everything away. Oh, that is a lot of sugar. This goes in another pile, and this goes for the Laura pile. Yeah. Everyone is walking away. I'll keep going. Hi, I'm going to move. Okay. I'm tense about bleeding because I used the X-Acto knife the wrong way. That is true. Not as often as I should, because I don't mind it fading. That way also you can get new colors. So maybe every few months? And then sometimes I'll just stop. I haven't stopped in a while. But I'll probably-- I'll stop, and then I'll do it again. It's always doing weird stuff. If you want to have this kind of color and not dye it all the time, they actually now make conditioners that have premixed hair dye in them, and it will stay forever. It's nuts. You can do that. Oh, yeah! Erin Branch, this comes from, is this Australia again? Yeah. Holy cow. Yeah, another one from Australia. Wow! Oh my god! I get a feeling that this was a Christmas themed-- there's more strange candy. Oh dear. This is for you guys, actually. You have a box. You have a very personal box. And a card, and I have something in this stocking. Wow, no. We have enough of that in real life. I make that roll often enough as it is. This is my escapism. This is not Skyrim. There's probably a really funny, good cantrip for that. There was that book. I'm trying to remember the name of that book that you got Sam for his birthday. I wasn't the only one who got Sam a weird book for his birthday. Oh! MATT and Wow. Never enough, is there? Oh, I love page poetry. A page of poetry, very nice. This is a form that I am a fan of. I only saw the hour hand. It's ridiculous. That's just ridiculous. Okay. I'll make sure Liam gets his package. It's genius, considering the weird stuff that comes from the mail. This was very smart. Everything is in a plastic-sealed envelope. Really clever. Because things happen in our mailbox. Things that should not. I'll make a Liam pile. It's actually not the biggest bath on earth, but it's comfortable. I don't have a hot tub yet. I keep meaning to do that. It's just such an event. Someday in the near future, everyone will be able to do this no matter where you work. This is definitely a privilege of the job. It's a big privilege of the job. There have been some tectonic shifts. We've discovered a lost temple of Crit Role mail. I don't know, I just handed it to you. I didn't really think things through. Boy, did I not think things through. How does this box work? I don't understand. Like fucking magnets. Ah! That never ends well. Where does this come from? Another one from Australia! There's a lot from Australia. What! You're going to die. You're going to die. No, finish that and then we'll get to this. I'm not going to say anything yet. I'm very excited about this one. I was about to say, thank god we have all the new hires over at work, so we can jump in a pile of candy. Take care you don't read into the private things. It was okay. He did okay. (cackling) Always nice to be the lighter side of Twitter, isn't it? Oh, ow. Wait, you got a quick letter to read. You do you, and then we'll do this one. Actually, that'll be good. We can make it a 360. You would look good on a slab of cement that you can carry around. Here, if you want we can keep it-- Read your letter, and let me know when I can hand you the thing. It sounds like something hard to say after a bottle of it. What was it? "An Irish wristwatch." An Irish wristwatch. That's very hard to say. There'll be wine druid, will be a subclass coming soon. Yeah, that's amazing I'm so excited. I got a letter from Les Crystalstarry, I want to say? She apparently felt the urge to pick up her calligraphy pen again and sent me-- I actually know this song. It's the lyrics to the song "The Parting Glass." I am a bit of a singer when I get drunk. This is the inevitable Irish wake song. I used to actually sing it with my historical recreationist friends every Memorial Day, and it's a very tearful song. I can see how nearly dying would inspire this. Thank you so much! At some point, I'll probably end up singing this on Geek & Sundry when we have a really bad day. Probably a little liquored up. Thank you so much. This is fantastic. I'll try to not cut myself. From where? MA is Maine, not Massachusetts. I always forget which one is which. Now I have the Massachusetts song stuck in my head. You're doing great. One of us is going to cut themselves eventually. I know us in real life. Oh, this is something that I was sent that we have to deal with. Carry on. Here, have a gift, or something else with a label. We don't actually sort this mail beforehand. We should probably do that. Every now and then, they're like, "What happened to those light bulbs?" From Brittany Whetland-- Yeah, she has a Dungeons & Dragons group of her own. I don't blame you; I stopped DMing for a reason as well. Oh god. Wow! That's fantastic. That's a really good title. All right, and apparently-- Oh, wow! I forgot about that. Oh yes, the carrot cake! This is apparently handmade. It's a rug. I don't know. We have to think about it. We have to have some discussion. You were wanting more rugs for the office. I don't want anybody to step on this, though. It could be on the Talks Machina set. That's true. That's nuts. Thank you so much. I'm down. We have some beautiful art from Amelia Rett from Portland, Oregon. Fabulous. There's letters on the back. This is Pike and Vex over here and this is Keyleth. There's letters on the back that we will read at some point. Oh, and there's a letter. I can't even. They feel really nice. Hold on. Sounds like the song they play when they quit sugar on the catering show. I'm more or less buried. Oh my god. Oh shit. Oh shit, son. I feel like a problem. We are going ice skating next week. Let's go down to Pershing Square and start some shit. They feel slick. Holy cow. I don't know I was distracted by-- If you need more, I can give you more. This goes with this. I was reading this. This is from Mayfly. These are individual packages so we will distribute them. We can do ours right now. That's for Travis. Oh God. Wait, and Marisha. Here you go. That's how you toss it. There is a story to this we will have to-- I love the paper too. Thank you, Jack. Open. Oh yes. I have been needing-- well I have a little project, but we won't get into that. I shouldn't talk about that yet, it's a whole thing. There's a project. We are kind of project people. Where did the letter go? Put the letter with the bags so we know. I'll go and get more. I can already feel you being sad that you haven't used. We used to have painting days. Those were the good-- Back when there was time. I remember. That's kind of intense. You could kill a man with those. There's no return address. That's-- oh. Of Bearsibel? Bearsabul? Bearsabub? I'm going to go with Bearsabub. Sure. For Liam that we we will save for later. Beazibub. As I open very slowly. What?! Yeah! I think this is a commentary on my last few games. I've broken this now, just putting it out there. I've broken the bad streak. This is awesome. Thank you! Thank you for the black t-shirts. I'm always a fan of a black t-shirt. Dude, thank you so much! I'll make sure Liam gets his. Yeah. We should hold off and let Laura open it. I have a pile with your name on it over here. I will open things that have other names on them. More candy? This is for Travis. Oh shit. That's highly entertaining. I'll make sure that Travis sees that. It's from Terry in Illinois. Terry in Illinois, we'll make sure that-- I'm trying not to read last names A. Because it seems [inaudible], and B. Because I can't. I'm terrible. I'll make sure this package gets to Travis. I'm calling that his pile now. Ooh, this came from far away! Wow, that's really pink! Oh, Death Wish is great! I don't know. I was just missing-- I used to have a pair of swimming trunks that were this color. He's doing a thing to it. What? What is this? Oh shit. (laughs) Oh wow. It's ink and I believe some nail color. This is some very colorful nail color. Yes, it will get used. It's pen ink. Believe so. Yep, this is pen ink. It's some really intense, multicolor pen ink. That works out well with other things that happened this weekend. No. Thank you very much, this will get used for something awesome. I'm going to put the bag, because I actually like the package a lot. This is one of those letters to save for later. Roadmouse from Poland, we got your letter, and the mouse is adorable. Thank you, Roadmouse. We've got Poland and Japan right now. Oh yeah, those are great, I love those. They've got a fizzy thing to them. You know those like-- (knocking) They're having a-- I don't know if they hung up our poster. One of our favorite breakfast places used to have an amazing toy store next door and they closed and we're very sad. Then a game store opened and we were kind of happy. I know, it's cool. I have a cult. Wait, I've got to read really quickly. This is from Steph_Smo, stickynotesfromparis. It's a picture of her puppy, who is adorable. Oh my god! That's the end of me with a Darth Vader-- "This puppy I adopted from a shelter and her name is Lady Kima." It is Lady Kima the puppy. TALIESIN and She sent us a bunch of chocolate because, obviously, we have a problem. I'm already setting aside the chocolate I want. There's a personalized [inaudible] that tries to keep your blood sugar up. She also sent us this really cool coloring book. There's just tons of stuff. There's a bunch of personalized stuff for everybody, but chocolate and a puppy? And then there's one for Marisha from Oxfam Unwrapped. It's a-- as I'm sniffling so much. Yeah, it is that season when we're all having a little bit of a-- Yeah, these are all-- This is an insane amount of chocolate-- actually, I pulled one out that I'm stealing. I'm stealing one, and there's nothing that can be done. Where'd it go? Actually, I'll trade off. It should be my turn, anyway. It's not like the way that you watch the little cold grow. It's starting to happen to everybody two days ago. More tea. Put the kettle on. You're going to be opening some presents. You're going to be grabbing presents-- Actually, we have a safety X-Acto knife. Did he go into the fireplace again? Oh wait, hold on. No. I've already claimed those, motherfucker! You want to feel what it's like for one moment. We'll have a Dagon on camera in one second. And we have a Dagon. Dagon was hiding in the fireplace. That is a perfect-- Oh, Boris the Spider! Yes. Hi, guys. They want to-- Well, he's got a bird, we'll make him do it later. That the spiders follow the fly. BRIAN and Well, I don't want to say putting it off, but we've been trying to find an appropriate moment, and today is the closest thing that vaguely resembles some free time that any of us have had. Oh, Dale, what's up? I miss you, too. Were you at the Sailor Moon party last night? There was a big Sailor Moon party last night, guys, that was supposed to be amazing. I was like, no. I was tired, so I watched Westworld. I don't know if Gilmore got any experience from Thordak. I would hope so. It only seems fair. Does that mean if we kill all the NPCs at the end of a big attack, we all get more experience points? Okay, just-- I like that we have OG Critters. It's probably spice. Should we leave it for Sam, then? It's spice. (laughter) I'm worried about opening any package for Sam after this week. (singing) I would do anything for-- Yeah, it's actually meatloaf. Do you love Meatloaf? I've met him a couple times, he's pretty cool. I had no idea. I'm a Rocky Horror kid, man. There's no way not to love Meatloaf. That's amazing. I love the notion that at a dive bar in Toronto-- Dude, thank you. (laughs) This is not that meeting, dude. God, the comment section's really funny right now. Apples and oranges-- Oh. They are. Thank you for the hair love, guys. I think we did Pravana hair colors on-- I got a clear dye that makes your hair glow in blacklight. I'm going to try it out and let you guys know. No, no, I have a couple professional friends and a couple non-professional friends, depending on who's available. Man, it makes life exciting. Guys, is it getting a little dark, by the way? Or should I do something about the light? Oh, just tap and it'll-- No one seems to be complaining. Laura gets a lot of love. There's more. No worries, there's always more. Oh, I love Pot of Gold. That stuff's good! Instead of doing them all together, lights, just put them on maximum. It's like the Borg, they're kind of all equal; they share a hive mind. Onto my tea. My tea is behind you, I might add. We didn't make it to Dickens Fair this year. That really sucked. We all just fell apart and sobbed. Sure, it's getting a little fuzzy anyway. He's fired. Actually, that's pretty cool. A lot of just straight letters that we-- I try and read a letter a day. I'm making my way through it. Thank you guys. Holy cow. This is for Travis, so we'll save that for later. (singing) I'm putting Travis's stuff aside. Nope, that's one still up for grabs. Oh yeah, she's there. It's fascinating, too, 'cause you don't have an aunt. Yeah. And yet, there she is. What? Oh no! Not sitting on one. No. I'm just sitting-- Oh, here's a box cutter. With the speed we're at, it's entirely possible they're in here. Oh my god. We got a bunch of fabulous friendship bracelets from KatieTheFlyingCat1, including ones for Will and Mary and Brian, because Brian is left out. Yeah, it does, right there. Although I don't see yours here. I guess she forgot it. So sad. Keep rubbing it in, man. Keep rubbing it in. Here's one for Matt. I know, dude. It's like we're back in summer camp. I do, too! Yeah, like, how long can I wear this in the shower? Oh shit! Those have been really great. Is that a Marsha? Who's this? Oh, this is for me. It's a fish. If you would ever like to see the black bear again-- (laughter) Mine is little glasses. Thank you! Cross-stitch, man. There's a time. Just grab whatever. Oh this is from Nuri McBride. Nice. Aww. Thank you, Nuri. This is great. May this year not be a dumpster fire. Man. Nuri, thank you very much. That's really nice. Only if you don't accidentally set it on fire, if that's what's happening. All bets are off now. This is the silliest gift ever. Zack, Tico, hi. It's so silly I don't even know if we should show it. But, like-- I'll show part of it. Hi guys! I know you will, which is why I laughed my ass off right now. I was like oh, that's going to be gone before the day is up. Thanks Tico, thanks Zack. Yeah, there's a little pile for Ashley over here. That's pretty gilded. BRIAN and A Meghan LeVaughn jingle? I got a letter, at the moment, so I'm just going through that. We have made a decent dent. I don't normally get delved into letters on-screen, but this got-- This is from Amanda. I will finish this later. Oh, are we mounting-- Oh my god, there's still more. This must have come from the box of-- Things that got lost at the studio. There is a box of things that got lost at the studio. Is she on stream right now? Hi, dear. Hi. Well we got the-- whoa. You're fine. Yeah, no attack attack. She had her sass back. Really? I'm so excited now. This box is from pindragon, on Twitter. I believe. Was this the blue thing? Save this for later. Boy, that should be our calling card. Has anyone nailed the description of her perfectly yet? No one? It's like the opening of The Good Place, where this one guy who guessed 96% right with the afterlife. 1972 on mushrooms. Yeah, I have it. It was pindragon. Pin. I thought I saw an old friend of mine there, too. We went to Early Bite. I didn't tape this. You know what's happening here? Thief. We assemble this into a new player. Woo! This is a box-- I don't even want to say who it's-- Oh yeah, okay. (cackling) Oh shit. Oh my god! It gets better. Wait. Oh shit, does it get better. Oh wait, does it attach to its-- The Victor mask is really rocking. MARISHA and Woo! Thank you so much! Yes, I love the mini-Percy, this is amazing. Okay, this box is from Mavis, Andrew. I don't want to say where he works yet, because I think it's going to be a nice surprise. This box. I kind of know what's coming. Be gentle. In fact, let's cut the duct tape. It's glued to the--? Okay, we're just going to have to be a little careful then. All right, here we go. This is a gift from Red Ship Brewery in Buffalo, New York. From his home brewery in Buffalo. Sponge candy, we were just having a conversation about sponge candy, that's hilarious. That's totally a thing. The sponge candy, we were-- We did. Incredible. Andrew Herman. That's awesome. Okay. Yeah. Here's a tube. Oh, it's for me. I weirdly get a lot of tubes. It all depends on what kind of character you want to play, man. We'll figure it out. What?! That's crazy. Oh my god. I'm having trouble opening this. Well. I own a lot of art and so the thing we do is we shuffle things out so we actually, every six months, change out the walls a little bit and move everything around. It's what you do when you get to a certain point where you have a lot of art in your life. It's time to shuffle every now and then. I have one right here. Also, if there's anything to open this with. This is too hard to open, and I don't quite know what to do. I don't know! (chuckling) I love Shrinky Dinks. Aw, man I used to love Shrinky Dinks when I was a kid. Don't judge me. Just making a point here. Making a point. I was actually trying to open it right from the wrong side and I finally figured that out. Ah! That's adorable. The base is really solid, holy cow. Why is this reminding me of-- what was that game? This is awesome. It's going to be safe up here for now. I love the second season outfits. I know. I was imagining when your hair got burned, I was imagining Kit at home going, "Ah!" Just screaming. This is from Faith in Baltimore. Okay, Faith. Oh dear. Oh, and there's the letter. Oh yeah. Very nice. And-- Oh, Faye, thank you so much. Thank you. Box cutter? Oh. I was like, "Is this a new thing?" His early Burt Reynolds. and That thing was so ridiculous. Yeah, seriously. It's smart on her part, really. Getting into the pool first. That is very fair. I don't know what for either. It's coming out, it's called Four Score. It's kind of like Gods of War vibe, except with Lincoln. Oh, this is for Mary! If you do them right. Sorry. Yeah, that's a whole-- Thank you, oh. This feels weirdly, now that I'm thinking about that-- Yeah, these are. Oh, those are great! You're in for a treat. It's very soothing. This is from Amanda Clark in Caldwell. Okay, I'm going to have to open this up very carefully because this is nuts. Queue it up later. Holy cow. This is a 3D card. It's not 3D-printed, it's a 3D card. As I shake too much because-- Yeah! It's a birthday card! Oh my god, thank you! It is my birthday in a few days. Aw, you know me, thank you so much! I am very-- this is awesome. Thank you. Eh, that shit's easy. Thank you for this amazing card. No, that's from Tristan. Thank you for the cards. Invictus. (chuckling) This is the most evil thing ever! Oh my god, you're a terrible person. This is amazing. I love it! Oh, this is the worst thing ever. I'm so excited! (cackling) Okay, this is-- where-- okay. What? Okay, check out-- Oh yes. So this comes from Germany. This is amazing. This is apparently-- this is for me-- it's from Inja, Inja Morgan on Twitter, who sent me some chocolates that they made. 19 of them are nice and normal, and there's one that represents the psychic damage I take when Animus misfires, and it's spicy hot. And will apparently hurt. Challenge accepted. Challenge totally accepted. Technically, this is much kinder than Animus. Oh shit, okay, yeah, that stuff-- There's still some left from that. Where are you at? Even I can't ask, I don't know how they'd answer. Oh, that's just wonderfully cruel. I am down for that. Every now and then, things get a little crazy, and not everything ends up on stream. Not everything is up on stream. But we pretend. Because this is crazy. Plus some ones that people didn't add. I know, I'm getting to it after all that. We just started looking at that. There's still some stuff in the tub that we should look at. We love New York. We have a lot of friends-- actually, the real Cassandra de Rolo lives in New York. She just found out that I wrote her into a game. She laughed pretty hard. A third leg up, even. Or like the weird animated Ms. Pac-Man with one eye. I don't think I've ever been to Polk City before. Ah! Oh, I want to go to a soccer game! Oh, I'm in. I was a really early anime kid, and I was watching Saint Seiya. Saint Seiya was a really heavy anime, and I got pulled in super early, though. Galaxy High, motherfucker. He was in-- I'm trying to remember the name. --make sure that our fan whose name I cannot use from the Royal Australian Mint, who requested to remain anonymous for security reasons. --a thank you, and this is just-- yeah. Yeah, fucking spectacular. It's one of the Navy coins. Thank you. This means more than you can-- Thank you for your letter, this is great. And, yeah, for the-- we're-- Yeah, we each got one. I know Travis really will want these. Yeah. I don't want to say introduced. Really early work of-- oh god, I'm blanking. We know a bunch of people who worked on that. Marsden, and I want to say it was Tom Hancock? It was some of his early work, maybe? Is it heavy? I was always sad that my parents wouldn't take me to Chippendales. Because I felt that that would be how I'd want to spend my birthday. Was it convoluted? Yeah, that's true. I wondered why it was a theme restaurant. It seems like the restaurant I'd want to go to. I was about to say, that sounds like your mom right there. Wow. Whoa. Ah! Inevitable pain! This is a perfect-- Oh, very nice. Oh, yeah. (singing) Who controls the British crown? Who keeps the metric system down? We do. (speaking) Okay, that's enough. This will be for my favorite cocktail, the pint of whiskey. Someone asked us what cocktail should I drink while watching Critical Role and I sent them the recipe for pint of whiskey. You take a pint glass, you fill it with whiskey, and then you tell anyone who tells you that's not a cocktail to shut the fuck up. It's the recipe for pint of whiskey. (Russian accent) The big box. (Russian accent) The big box. We are not sure about-- we just got our first series of "What cons do you want to do this "year?" letters and we're all staring at them like deer in the headlights. Yeah, without losing our minds and letting everything suffer, letting our health suffer. (high stressed-out voice) At this point? Yeah. I think mine's the one with the S on it. I don't think that's right. That's probably not mine. What is up with everyone's handwriting being so nice? I feel like such a slacker. This is some intense hand-- I can't even get over the handwriting, I'm sorry. I'm having a moment with this. Oh my god. It looks like a font! Aw, now that's classy. Yes, I know what to do with this. It is a monogrammed handkerchief. It's got a little stitched de Rolo skull. This is such a pretty box. Be right back. I'm leaving you! Yes! All right, I'm going to take that box away. I'm going to take that box away. That box is going to go away over here. We know what happened in Vegas. You got drunk. Everybody knows. Made you grow up. This is from Chris-- What was that, dude? Okay everyone, yeah, we all know-- All right. There's a couple more over there. There's the thing that happened. We want to unwrap and not pull up. Hmm? Well, fine. I don't really want to talk to you anyway. Your make-believe Internet friends? That would be a good burn. You're so awful that imaginary people on the internet make fun of you. This is going to happen. Oh wait, do you see what's in its mouth? Do you see what's in its mouth? That's not a packing peanut. Wow! Wait, let's try it. Here we go. What kind of batteries? Is there a thing, maybe? It might need to be flipped. Does the thing need to be pulled or anything? Yeah, it should be-- we'll figure out how to light it up, but boy, does it light up. We are going to need to get some batteries going on over here. Double A. Yeah, we're going to need to get some batteries in this motherfucker. They might be in backwards, sometimes people flip the battery. Oh yeah, I know. Oh, well there we go. They're just guessing, there's not a switch under the back. Yeah, I think we just change out the battery. We'll see if that does it. Oh, well, here, I'll pull my lovely hat off. And it kind of fades in the back, so it's longer on the front then it is in the back. We could beaut you up. We could see with a blacklight, we could give you blacklight tips when you go out. You'll look like there was a crime scene. Oh yeah, we're not done, there's still more, I think. No. Okay. Woo! Thank you guys for sticking around for a long-- Yeah. What's what? Oh, that's remnants of bad decisions. Yeah. Oh my god. Yeah, there's the remote to you. Well, that's a thing that happened. That one's already opened. As in, all of our friends. That is a really big wallet for Matt. I have a funny feeling. That's fucking gorgeous. From Colorado Springs, I love Colorado Springs! Could be. That will hit Talks. This is why I love the Talks set, because we can-- Yeah, the set will be upgraded hopefully. You got it, or should I get it? That's such an Adventure Show flashback. I don't know if that made me happy or sad. Matt, Marisha, and I used to do improv together. Holy cow. Two more to go. This insane-- saving that for last? Okay. Is this the one that got left forever? Oh yeah, no one had a car big enough to pick up. We'll see if that actually-- I got it. I think it may be fine, it may have just been glass. I would say be careful because there's probably going to be a bag of glass. I get that feeling. That might be the thing. It might have just been a big sound bag going crinkle crinkle. It's a painting of a horse head because they figured you didn't have room. All right, let's-- we can definitely leave this. Yeah, we'll keep cutting. I should probably get out of the way here. There are layers. (surprised laughter) Oh yeah. The glass did not do well. We're going to have to very gently get this out of here. The signed edition, we didn't think through enough to get one for ourselves. Yeah, that's-- there's a couple of little ones left in there, I think, but they're mostly letters, and we tend not to do-- although there's anything that's package-sized. Mooglefish. MARISHA and Oh no. I thought it was a baby bird inside. We kind of snuck under. We did the old-school Hollywood, "They're killing them by the "thousands out there." Yeah, I think-- Oh my God. The sugar! Happy weekend! It ain't going to work.