Oh my God. I'm going to keep making noise. AUDIENCE Wait! We got one up. Second one is possibly going to be up. It'll be fine. You start talking and I'll sit over here. I'm horrified. I was originally like, I'm excited, I'll eventually get to do one. I don't want to do one any more. I'm still [inaudible]-- okay, fine. Hey! Found your badge! Yay. AUDIENCE Even better. So much cosplay. I don't know what happened. Critical Costumes with an 's'? Critical Costumes? Yes. Hi, my name is Taliesin Jaffe. I'm a voice actor and voice director and somehow a Dungeons & Dragons player at this point which has apparently become a thing I say now in front of crowds of people. It is a unique and exciting opportunity and makes taking Lyfts and Ubers around the city even more exciting than it used to be. Really great. It's nice to actually see them get worried. "You do what? No." Yeah. "I don't know what that is! Ah!" Another test. Carry on! Keep talking! Yeah, you're good. Carry on. Is there anybody here who got dragged here and has no idea why they're in this room? (laughter) Look at that. Yeah. It's like a Brookstone puzzle of wires down here. It was so impressive. It was red to green. It was like a Mansions of Madness mini-puzzle down here. That's evil. Thanks, man! That should happen at every panel. I was quite pleased that our most-viewed episode so far has been the one where I'm mostly not in it. (laughter) We're going to make so many likes. All the internet likes will be ours. We'll be swimming in internet likes. I was about to say, to be fair, who would we have that conversation with? We are pretty much left to our own devices mostly. It's nice. They just let us do the show. It's really sweet. No. I'll say, the tech crew and even the production crew at this point, we're all on the same ship together at this point, it's nice. It was a couple of weeks ago when that giant tub of Legos came in. I was so excited because I had a guest with me and I wanted to introduce her to everybody. The show's happening and things are getting ready, but half the tech crew are just sitting building Legos. They won't even make eye contact, just like slowly-- I'm like, "Guys, are you--" and just like, "No, this "is what we do now." It's a fun place to work. I wanted to point out, it's your only 5th edition game you've ever run, isn't it? Before that was Pathfinder, before that was 4th edition. It just suddenly occurred to me, this is the only experience you've had running 5th edition. That's so crazy. That changed everything, didn't it? You want to watch something sad? This is my favorite thing to do to hurt him. You remember War Machine? That's a beautiful army you've got. It's a shame nothing happens with it anymore. That's what I hear. I haven't finished painting the minis I got for Christmas last year. I've heard. I haven't had time. Maybe after we finally open up that new Mansions of Madness at some point. Now I'm a little envious, actually. Not that I'm jealous. Who did you play with, was it Key and Brittany? Oh, because of the app, okay. We're just talking about games, I'm so sorry. Okay, so the app works. That's good. I'm very excited about that. We don't get to talk much, so this is really nice. It's so good not to see you on a weekday. Should they just raise their hands? Let's start on the left in the hoodie. You, sir. AUDIENCE Ooh, that's probably a me-- God, it's been so long. I finally got to play a character who wasn't Percy for the first time a few weeks ago and it was such a surprising breath of fresh air. Not in a bad way, but like, "Oh, that's right, I can do other things." It's a me trait, but he really probably brings out more of it than would necessarily be normal because he's not a big talker. I was originally brought into the game to be a bit of a ringer, just to make sure there was somebody in the room who kind of knew the rules, kind of knew what was happening, and could shove everybody in the right direction. I got used to playing that way of like, "I don't want anybody to "see what I'm working on. I'm going to let everybody else who this is their first D&D game "figure this stuff out and I'm just going to come in at the end if there's anything to sweep up." AUDIENCE I won't go too deep into them. I will say I would have been happy either way. We had a conversation. Sitting over really alcoholic beverages. Dangerous levels of alcohol at Laura and Travis' house, and if he ever goes, I have a great character that I'm really excited for. Like, really. I checked it and it's good. The only big rule was because of his most recent experiences with the Raven Queen, any attempt to invoke a deity was going to be an automatic no. Just because he has gone in a weird direction where it's become a-- You can't really be an atheist in D&D. That just doesn't make any sense, that's just an idiot, because a golden flaming fist just came down out of the sky and crushed a dragon. You'd be an idiot to be like, "There's a perfectly reasonable explanation for "that. That's a weather balloon, obviously." He has decided that he wants nothing to do with any of them. Any attempt to invoke any of that would have been an automatic no. I was watching, like, "What are you doing, girl? What are you doing? Oh, okay." She got close to a no. You pick one. There was just a giant pile of maps and you after the game were like, "Welp, didn't need "any of that, did we?" I'm going to go to the-- actually, we may get to everybody eventually, so I'm just going to start pointing randomly. The girl in the red shirt right back there. AUDIENCE Run! Yeah, that's a really good one. I picked one. We miss you, too. Someone sent me a really interesting gun cleric. It was basically full-on an Overwatch character. This week's cluster of stupid is a good sign that it's well-balanced. I had a wonderfully pitiful round, which I'm happy about. I'm glad. Two critical fails on the guns is just sad. Have a close combat object of some kind. Something. That's the worst. I'm probably going to try and keep pulling through. I'm going to keep popping around a bit. You, sir, with the hair. Yeah, you, right there. Yes, you know who you are, you have the hair. No, no, no, we'll get there. I suppose that is hair, sort of. I ruined everything. AUDIENCE I don't know if that's something I would do in our game just because, although I'm very amused by the notion of a paintball gun, basically what you're talking about is paintball guns full of Tiger Balm where you're just hitting somebody with like, what are the odds of that being knockout gas? I love the idea of just like, "Oh, it itches, what have you done?" I'm amused by the notion of a poison slinger of some kind. Although it really would be a mess to try and make those all the time. What would you think of 1d4 per dart? That would be kind of interesting. Super low health, that would be kind of amusing that you could actually pump 3d4 into someone but it might go horribly wrong and you might hit an enemy if you miss. AUDIENCE That would be pretty fun. The history nerd in me is like, that's very German, that's great. Somewhere there's a 16th-century German military historian going, "Yeah, it is very "German!" There's one in the crowd somewhere. Give it a few rounds, you'll figure it out. It's a cool thought, though. Do you want to pick one? Guy with other hair. AUDIENCE Don't drop the mic, they're expensive! Yes yes. Very yes. Yes. We should probably repeat the question. Has working as a voice actor and working as a voice director influenced our play and has our play influenced our work as voice actors and voice directors? Oh my God, yes. Not just the game we're in right now. Always. I think it's one of the reasons why so many of the people we bring on as first-timers who are VO people are really good. Mary Elizabeth is just delightful to watch, and Will is-- Any time we have VO people on I'm always just so excited. There's a lot of the same skill sets. I love our friends who come on who aren't necessarily big VO people, like I love having Chris, and I'm not going to call him other Wil, and Felicia. They're fun because they know the game and they're into it and they're down, but I love watching a new VO actor being like, "I don't know what I'm doing!" Then two months later dropped a bomb on us. From space! Out of nowhere! I can go in on that one, too. That's very true. I hadn't really thought about that. Any weird voice I ever do probably started in some game in high school. That's nuts. I'll throw to the red coat in the front because I'm highly entertained by your outfit. AUDIENCE (gasps) Yes, with the hand! Yes! Blow it up, leave nothing! I've watched so many of my favorite vampire LARPs be destroyed by three jerks. All it takes is three jerks to ruin a perfectly functional vampire city. I hope he's listening. He knows who he is. I had a good thing going. It is a breakup, though. You have to accept that somebody's feelings are probably going to be a little miffed. Although it's possible if you're not having fun, they're not having fun with you there, either. So you can always do the roommate thing of, "I love you as a friend and I "know if we live together for another month I'm going to end up hating you, so I'm ending this now "so I can still love seeing you and not want to throttle you. This is slowly going to poison "everything I love about you and make me want to strangle you in your sleep." Not every game is for everybody. I've definitely been in games where I'm not having a good time and I've been in games where somebody else is obviously playing a different game and we're like, "Ah, man, I dig the game you're playing, I hope you find it, or I'll run you "another game." I've done that before, both directions. It's supposed to be relaxing and therapeutic. It's not supposed to be what you're actually talking about in therapy. Really, it's supposed to be the den of the therapy, not the problem. It's legitimately been two years since I've touched anything else. I'm trying to think. You go. That and HoL, man. Human-occupied landfill. I like Risk. (laughter) Exalted is that end and TFOS is more like Ranma 1/2, Inuyasha vibe. Like harem anime stupid. Cyberpunk and Cybergen was always a big one. I remember GURPs being fun, but I think I was probably wrong. It's way too awkward. It's just, "Well, I'm going to make a robot vampire that has the "Sword of Omens," and you can kind of do it. No, but boy, you can do anything. Champions from back in the day was always fun. I was a Champions player briefly. Are there any good superhero RPGs? I could go in for something like that. That would be really cool. Vampire kind of fakes that. You could fake being superheroes in the Vampire world. All right, more hands. I'm going to pick one. Dude in the glasses right there. I'm just going to keep rolling. Yeah, you. No, I'm so sorry. Man, I'm terrible. I'm awful! Guy in the red shirt. Whoa. Tabletop or LARP, or just tabletop? AUDIENCE Ooh, okay, I can't talk about that one because I may actually incorporate that into a game I run later online. I have some really good ones that I sadly-- There was-- no, I can't talk about that, either. I would incriminate people who are in this room right now. Oh God, there's so many good ones! Once I had a whole bunch of people try and turn on me when I was the Prince of Los Angeles in a Vampire game and they tied me up, threw me in a coffin, wrapped it with TNT, and tried to blow it up, and didn't think enough to actually leave the room. I survived perfectly, but the shrapnel damaged everybody in the room and literally it was just me standing there looking at all of them bleeding going, "You idiots." Just went down the line and took them all out. It was amazing. It felt so good. Just brush. Wooden shrapnel at vampires. Oh my God, they were so dumb. Dumbest coup ever. It did not go well for them. This was at the Mormon Temple, too. This was the Vampire game that the Mormon Temple was hosting. It was so great. We have the coolest Mormons in Los Angeles. Best Vampire LARP. Terrible idea. I was about to say, how can you say it's not broken when the SDF-1 is available? Okay. Here we go. Thank you. You guys Loboed! The SDF-1 was like, when that thing came out I'm like, "Okay, we've got to stop playing "this game." I remember looking like, "I'm done." That was the book where I'm like, "I'm done and I "can't pretend that this makes any sense anymore." That defense system is all trackball. It's not that hard to work. It's three guys with a trackball going, "We got it!" I've watched that show! That's not like Next Gen where, like, "I "wonder what they're pressing?" That's a trackball. There's no denying it. Sorry, I'm good. I have problems. There's a good rule nazi and there's a bad rule nazi. Sean's a good rule nazi. He's the guy who understands how all the math works and is there to make a shot that shouldn't be possible, but he's read every book and can make terrible things happen. And he's fun. We have a friend named Sean who we used to play with before he moved away because he hates us. He hates us so much. Then there's the guys who come in and try and break the game. I'm never happy with-- why are you trying to break a game? I don't get it. A gentle, loving conversation can sometimes work wonders. I know that sounds weird, but it's true. Genuinely, I understand that that's weird. Even that dude, nine times out of ten, that dude is not ready or prepared for real human interaction, and any actual eye contact in this conversation about your feelings is just going to turn into a blubbering, apologizing, like, "I'm so sorry, man." Not all the time, but often. Shh. Shh. Go to sleep. Shh. Saving throw! Saving throw! Saving throw! Problem solved. The dude who tried to blow me up also had a ship offshore with cruise missiles. Why do you have ground-to-air missiles in a Vampire The Masquerade game? You are an idiot. What game are you playing? Like, "No, I have a ship offshore with ground-to-air." I'm like, "Why? We are 15 "people having a conversation in a backyard of a church. What are you doing?" Of a temple, not even-- ugh. I keep taking yours. You pick one. That's no fun. Being able to do anything, that's like chess with no rules. Who cares about that? You can be Captain America. Captain America is a great, fun lawful good character to play. Chaotic good is fun just because I like having morally ambiguous characters who are not evil. I'm a big fan of that. Chaotic evil doesn't have to be the giggling worst version of the Joker ever. I had a chaotic evil character in a game for a while who was great, because he pretended to be lawful good. He was this really nice guy that everybody liked, and then eventually you'd be in a room with him alone and he would just (twisting noise). I'm like, "Let me talk to the innkeeper," and kill the innkeeper and stuff him in the closet, and like, "We've got the run of the place. Everything's "cool." He was slowly undermining everything. If anybody's watched Hannibal, the television series, it was just that, "I wonder if I just undermine everything that everybody I'm working with is "doing right now, what's going to happen. It's a phone call. We're looking for you. You should "probably run." That's a great way to play chaotic evil, is to not be chaotic evil when anybody else is around. Just be this avatar of destruction. It can be a lot of fun. They're all so innocent. They just don't know. This is their first game. They don't know how awful it can be. I know, I'm going to ruin them. Oh, you know that. You know what terrible things we're going to do to them. Me pick? Okay. You in the corner right there, with the hat. Yes, you, with the yellow, with my Pokemon Team Instinct. AUDIENCE Oh, no, it's fine. AUDIENCE You can't even make an Avengers movie work with that number of people. You want to pare it down. Whether they take it or not. I'll get it. I got it. That's nothing. And I'll say from the players' side, we are very, very conscious of not stepping over each other. We take pains on our end to not get in the way of other people's moments, of like, "Oh, "I'll-- oh, no, no, no, no, I'm not doing that. Never mind." You'll actually see us occasionally start to do something and reel it back in, and it's usually the, "Oh, no, I know what's about to "happen and this has to happen on that side of the table, and that's great." We're very, very careful about that. Then also the way that we present our backstories. I have a really good tip for backstories and for writing character backstories which is, never give the DM any more information than your character has. If your character didn't see it happen, you don't know what happened. If your character doesn't know what somebody's motivations were or what organization they worked for or what people they were influenced by, don't tell the DM. Just tell him what you saw, nothing more. Don't tell him anything other than what you saw, because he will have so much fun with the rest of it. It's a great way of definitely creating a situation where you could walk into what you thought was your origin and just be turned 180 degrees around, and you get to experience that as a character and that's nuts! If you've explained everything about how you came about to the DM, that's not going to happen. Even though you don't know, you're going to just hear your DM regurgitating what you wrote on a piece of paper six months ago. Don't know that you have a daughter. Don't know why your parents died. Don't know where you came from. Don't know how you ended up where you are. Just don't know it! It's great. The less you know, the more fun the DM's going to have. Other than a list of names and vague descriptions and basically what amounted to a week's worth of encounters with those people, that's all I gave you. There was the Briarwoods, Father Anders, Doctor Ripley, was literally list of names, what happened in those approximately six days I was in their company, and some friends of ours they vaguely resembled, and basically that was pretty much it. Go nuts. Yes he did! You want to go first? Yeah. As a player, you are the broken god of a broken player. It's fabulous on that level. You are definitely occasionally feeding your character information that they don't necessarily have, but because it's in there, it's just inevitably going to push you in certain directions. That's not a bad thing. I'm also a big fan of, it takes a little getting used to, but trying to fight the normal natural risk-aversion of one's day to day life and being okay with abandoning that risk-aversion once you hit the graph paper. It's tricky, but this is where you can take a risk and the worst thing that's going to happen is you're going to have to reroll a character. That's great. That's a great way to get, even in life, more comfortable with the inevitability of risky decisions. I'm a big fan of, especially if you're new to the game and you're having a little bit of panic or fight or flight when playing, play a character with a little bit of fight or flight. Teenage feral barbarian is a great way. (yells) Hit it with a stick! That way you can lean into it if you're feeling like you want to get comfortable with everything and not feel like you're fighting yourself. The other thing, and I don't actually do this for Critical Role, but I used to do it for my games when I was a teenager I'm a dress-up fan. We used to get, some of us in high school, we used to get drunk, get stupid, and dress up and play Axis and Allies in stupid costumes while drinking lots of beer, possibly under the age of appropriateness. Vampire LARPing and all that stuff. For some of my earlier characters I would have a piece of jewelry, especially rings or something like, that which was like, "Okay it's character time." I'm sure you've seen when I play I do a minute of just sitting and thinking and just going through my Percy Brain. A ring or a necklace that's something you can play with at the table and you only wear when you're playing. It's game time. This happens. It's your uniform. You put it on, and them you have this thing to constantly remind you where your head is supposed to be. When it's done, it comes off. I'm a big fan of that. For whoever survives, it's going to be awesome. Failure is so much more glorious than victory. Oh man. I've had a number of amazing and beautiful shots with those weapons, but taking 25 bullets to the chest and dropping like a fly is going to be the best thing I ever did. That's an epic failure. That's brilliant. Green shirt! AUDIENCE I literally put it on silent! I just put it on silent. Keep talking. I'm going to kill everything that makes noise. That's a hard walk, man. If you're the character no one likes, eventually you're just going to be the character that no one likes if you're not careful. That's a really tough one. Yeah, and not ruining everything, which is a big one. Maybe. (laughter) AUDIENCE I'll allow it! Wait, no, up here. (applause) Oh-- (laughter, applause) AUDIENCE Oh, I'm fucked then. That was so worth it on every conceivable level. That was genius. You with the goggles. Yes. Hi. AUDIENCE I haven't seen it yet. I don't think it's the internet. I was in a few of those games as a teenager, but I was also in a few games like-- I was always baffled, because we had a couple of the basement games. We also had all the goth kids playing. At one point at our school we just got a third, a bunch of the cheerleading squad and a couple of the football players playing, because whatever. People were into it, but who were you telling? The other big thing that happened is all those kids that we were playing with, at least back in Los Angeles, all those kids that we were playing with in high school now write television shows and direct movies. Like, all of them. There's a reason something like Stranger Things exists, and it comes out and you've got Stephen Colbert just going like, "Oh, yeah, I played D&D "as a kid," and he's just talking, like-- There's so many people in the business who played D&D as a teenager. Does anybody here know T.J. Storm, for god's sakes? T.J. Storm is this amazing voice actor, an amazing stunt man, and he's basically six and a half feet tall, 350 pounds of muscle, and braided dreadlocks, big black martial artist, and we didn't meet him doing VO. We met him in a D&D game. He was Colossus in Deadpool as the mocap actor. And, like, "Oh, God, that's T.J. from D&D! "What-- yo! What are you doing here?" Sundays, karate in the park. Saturday, D&D. Someone's parents are playing. My younger older brother's a dungeon master, and my younger younger brother is playing now with his friends in Colorado. Should we keep going? Okay. I know I'm just going to feel guilty no matter who I pick, but-- you in the back. Yes, you. AUDIENCE Your hourglass thing that you do every now and then is just the meanest thing on earth. There's always that. The chess clock. There would be 20 minutes a game where it would just be him and Zach having NPC conversations between each other while the rest of us were going-- He's just an angrily good voice actor, also. Zach's so talented. Oh god. You only had like five players in that game. That was nothing. That was six players? Okay, and then Marisha came in to replace him. Okay, yeah, five. We'll see you at the signing. We're so sorry if we go a little faster than normal. We do apologize.