There actually is another microphone. Put your hand down, young man! (laughter) I told you they've sold one. Yeah. My name is Taliesin Jaffe, and I play Percival Fredrickstein Von Musel Klossowski de Rolo III, the token human, gunslinger, and mad scientist of the group. You can most recently hear me, "I can be your robot buddy" in Fallout 4. I've also done Street Fighter 4 and other things. I don't know. I'm tired. I've been here all day. It's been a long day. You have a web series now too. Next time. Actually, a fan-- I'm sure they're in the crowd-- gave me a great idea for a free giveaway that we should carry around with us at cons from now on, which is a free inspiration dice. You could go to your DM and say "I have a free inspiration dice." (cheering) Right after I met you. Hi, April! It was a room full of people I vaguely recognize from today. Ah! Everybody's fine where they're sitting, except for Marisha, who insisted that she no longer sit next to Sam, because of reasons I'm not allowed to discuss. Although, now I understand, because I have to sit next to Sam. He smells of children. It's been a while. AUDIENCE Purvon. We were all sitting here going-- Casting Bad Touch at 4th level. (laughter) Bear poetry, that was bear poetry! As a teenager. Occasionally in high school, I'd play and be like, "Oh, I chose poorly." These were some bad character trait decisions. Then you let that character get killed. Go out guns blazing, and you a roll a new one and everybody's happy. Except that character. Heroically. Watching him pack up all the maps we didn't use in a huff at the end of the night is always fun. Yeah. Only the night after. After the game I go home and I sit in bed and have that-- I should probably drink a couple of shots of whiskey so that I fall asleep. Don't think about every stupid thing I've done over the past four hours that I've then broadcast to several thousand people, and oh god, what have I done? What am I doing? I really need to sleep. Oh god. I have auditions to do. It's two o'clock in the morning. I really-- Oh god. I have an-- Oh no. Then I fall asleep. No. It's fine. Yeah. No big deal. Maybe next time it'll take and we'll see. Don't get better about that. AUDIENCE That got wheels turning. AUDIENCE It is Rick and Morty. I auditioned for Rick and Morty for a couple of things, and I was like, "This is awesome "and I'm not going to book it, but god, I want to read it over and over." It was a Hitler Lincoln. Season one. Oh my god, yeah. I'm actually doing one of the shows. I can't talk about it though, one of the shows I'm on. I hit one of my little goals. We have a lot of things we want to do. Yeah, and then you can hand them an alignment-based weapon that they can wield. A weapon that can be wielded, but if you shift alignment suddenly that weapon turns on you. I so support you and if I had been on your side of the table I would have been like, "Go for the candles! He's got insane stuff on this sheet. Let's just take it!" We should have jumped him, taken everything, and thrown him in the lava, and been like, "I don't know what happened to that dragon." You are so my hero. You don't know. You're my hero. We have those heavy moments, and then we hit our-- and I use this term loosely-- ten minute break. We know it's not ten minutes, but the minute that we actually get a breather, no matter what was going on it goes into, "(hysterical laughing) Oh, that was so awesome! Oh my god!" That's his face, man, that's not nice. I lean over very quietly. "Stop it, you're wasting water!" The minute that episode ended, we were like, "Ugh! We got to go. I want to fight so bad!" Yes, I can't wait. I can't wait. He's actually the character I'm going to roll when Percy dies. (laughter and booing) I'm excited to try and shoot one. That excites me. I thought we had a ticker for all the terrible things I say. Wasn't aware we had stopped that. AUDIENCE That's a book I recommend to anybody. It's really amazing. I've got mine, I'm down. I would be a lime, because then I would make a fabulous pie and would be really good in alcoholic beverages. (cheering) All of the people on my list are based off of real people that I know, and I don't think any of them know that. (laughter) Did anybody not know? Oh god, it's like crickets out there. We've all learned a little something today.