I'm really glad if we go out, we can be with an audience. Oh, I'm bringing it way down. My next one's easy. In a circle, and the lightning rises in the middle. No! I'll say he's come to terms with his place and what that will actually mean may come out in the next few episodes or not. He's definitely not seeking the approval, really. He definitely figured out that there is something that he does have admiration for while he's mildly irritated, but he's not that mad it didn't love him back. No. He walked out of there going, "Well, "that's just fine." [laughter] Yeah. [cheering] He doesn't have animosity towards it, but it's definitely not his thing. He's figured out that he's just not cut out for it. Good question, though. Sadly, Percy's answer would actually be a spoiler at this point. I'm going to have to hold that. If I die, we'll have a conversation about it, but if I don't die then I'll save it. Yeah. AUDIENCE There is naturally an answer to that, and I am not answering it here. [inaudible] I have thought about that, there is an answer to that. I am aware that the contract exists. I've read it. Yes. I'll be impressed make it to the end of the game without pulling it. Actually, yes. We have the stocks. No, I think that a lot of-- just to make it a little quicker than the way I discussed it a bit with Matt-- a lot of how technology evolves is usually due to either warfare or desperate need. When you have magic in play, there are a lot of things that you just don't need, so you don't really build it. I think a lot of it is going to be trying to find cheap, easy ways of doing things without magic that are not complicated and not natural. Which is why we are doing the steam-powered heating that we are putting in Whitestone. It's quite useful. What? No! There will be a specific answer to that if he lives as well. Oh my god. Ravenclaw for Percy. You have never heard of Blood Bowl, have you? Like that Schwarzenegger film where you kill everyone in a video game, except it's football.