Or turn it into an octagon. I did. He's starting to do stuff down there. He was enthusiastic. I'm excited. It's good stuff. Incognito. I don't normally speak with the dead on a first date, but we'll think about it. That is fair, you are shabby. I'm not bothered. Does feel like a terrible abuse of hospitality. Is the Traveler the only god you've ever seen, or have you seen other gods, out of curiosity? So this is the one that decided to make itself presentable to you? I've been drinking. We're having the room party after the sewers. I want to defile a very expensive shower. And somebody else's hotel room will get us clean. Let a man be eccentric. I'm a real fan of this one. I'm tossing a silver over, just for that. Yeah. Don't tell me how to spend my money. What you're hearing is the happiness of a performer. Fuck you, Birdman. (laughter) I know one thing that's a photosensitive thing. If we need to make a fast escape I'd rather have some light maybe, if it's something like that. Daytime's better for that. Different environment. I don't know. TRAVIS and I say we do it. I'm buzzed, and if I have another drink I'm going to be more than buzzed. I'm right where I want to be. I want a 45-minute walk to get there. We have a light spell, though, don't we? I must have a torch or something. I have a tinder box. I have a hooded lantern. I have all this stuff in this bag I never opened. You've got a handaxe. Have you equipped it? Yeah, look at that. Oh, wow. A poor man could buy half a cloak. Half a cloak between them. I love it. Coming down. Up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right. South. Always down. That's fair. This is your fault. How would you know that? I'll be with you. I'm activating one. I'm pulling a hand down one of my swords and I'm getting it to light up. Oh my god. Six. Six. 16. Don't you have a-- Actually, you've got an unarmed strike. So that means you can do four points of damage. Technically, it's not one point, it's four points-- No, it doesn't help. I see the mess this is making, and I'm going to turn around and I'm holding the sword, but I'm going to punch with the hilt of my sword. No, the one that attacked Yasha. Plus my strength, my non-existent strength modifier. That's a 12 to hit. That's one damage! I can take a bonus attack though, and I'm going to hit it again. 12. Well, I'm using my other hand, since technically I have two attacks, it's not two-- It's another point of damage. Way to date yourself right there. You worked to make it so nice. I did. Seriously, Caleb, how are you? If we hit you really hard, would you still be standing up right now? That's a good question, I hadn't really thought about that. Rat spiders! Ooh! At first, I thought it was some sort of evil gassy dog. Are they undead rats? With advantage? All right. Where's my intelligence-- there we are. That's a-- no, that's a nine. Mostly undead? Let's be sneaky. Yes. 12. I think we should try to cut it down in case it's a person. Or a rat. I'm going to try to very gently, maybe, with everyone's permission I'm going to gently start cutting into the bottom of it, not too deeply. I'm sorry, do you have a plan? Well, all right then. I keep moving downward. Yes. It was the radiant rite. Or they haven't been eaten yet. I'll work with that. Let's try and not set fire to the human shaped things. Poke and wiggle. Then a flame. Well, it knows that they're alive--- So I'm sure they wiggle every now and then anyway. They look pretty dead, don't they? That'll do. Yep. Little bit of magic on both sides, little bit of tank. He's not using it. I'm going to very gently cut her handaxe out with my radiant sword. Don't eat it! All of the ones webbed to the walls are just as emaciated and dead? Six. I'm going to start trying to cut down, find the points of the web wall where it's being held together and cut any of the web. I'd forgotten. To be fair, invisible spiders are the best spiders because you can't-- hey, look at that! I'm 13. We have a couple around. We should probably clump together. That's a lot of dice. You can go first. I'm going to head towards the spider, as close as I can get. There's not a lot I can do. I'm going to use Devil's Tongue, I'm going to use Vicious Mockery. (guttural Infernal sounds) It was gifted. We are golden gods. I have made a terrible mistake. I'm just going to hold. An attack for the second that it's within range. It might auto if you select your-- It really ties the sewer together. (laughter) Or do damage. He's a liar. He's a lying liar. Fair. Blood Maledict. I see it look at her and I immediately full Blood Maledict. I'm going to do the fucked up one and I'm going to take four points of damage for it. There you go. I have that moment, I look at it, and my neck bursts and I bleed out the vein. Bamfed. Let's form up, stick close. Don't get so far that we can't get to you if it hits you. I'm sticking with everybody, and let me take one-- where am I? Let me take like a step back and hold my action there. Mm-hmm. Because reasons? It's called Princes of the Universe. Yay! Slightly warm. Toasted. I'm going to at least run up to the other side of Jester, just to keep us clumped a little bit. What I can do is I can do Vicious Mockery again. I'm going to cast Vicious Mockery and (Infernal voice) I'll cut off your legs! Give it a shot. Make a roll against wisdom. (Infernal voice) Who ate all the Cracklin' Oat Bran? Save versus wisdom? Wisdom modifier is three. I mock him and that's three points of psychic damage, and he has-- really? Does it not even matter? Then he has disadvantage on the next attack. Something about my words are just making his blood boil. (Infernal voice) I whisper and then I fire. I never had it do that before. You see what I mean? These people are fun! I'm going to go poke it with a sword. I'm going to start binding it up for travel. It's very dark still, also. (muffled screams) No, I hear the commotion and come halfway over and nothing seems-- they're burning spiders. You are checking the bodies for things, right? Well that's fine, then. We see him collecting everything, anyway. We know you're going to lie about it. She was a good person. I heard "Gentleman." I'm walking over. Who's the Gentleman. Oh. Of course, friend, we've never seen you before in our entire life. Does anything about his tattoo irritate me? You know what I mean. All right. That's fair. And some coin. Why don't we get into some daylight and take a look? We do have a spider body to pick. (sings) Continuity. Roll for continuity. Maybe they buried something here. I'm walking over with this, too. I'm waiting for them to break up, and I suppose we're packing the spider up to bring topside. Nott. We'll give it a push. I hang back for a second, and I very quickly, gently, socially pin Caleb to the wall. Face to face, as awkwardly close as I can get. No, you're not. Hey, Caleb. I'm fine if you skim something off the top, that's fair, but be clever about it. Just distribute 60 or 70 percent of what you find, okay? Good boy. Give him a little slap on the face, and then I go up. Party time. These papers? Oh, that's a spider. Quite a few. There's also an egg sac that got taken care of. You don't look like an administrator, I mean, that's actually almost a compliment. Extra pay would soften the blow. Travis will never see that card. Yes, it's like working bitch face. Look at that. That's brilliant. I don't know about you, I've got goals. I'm working towards something. Something. Buy me a drink and I'll tell you. Dinner, and bad decisions, and cleanliness would be great. That's why people have bathhouses, to clean up. Or would I still be in the room? Let's call that a 20. Whatcha doing? What were you looking for? Were you looking for this? I hold up a folded piece of paper. What will you give me for it? No, something-- I don't want money, I want something, give me something. Not gold pieces. What do you have? That'll do. (laughter) It's a blank piece of paper. I hand back the acid. Don't try and go through his stuff, you're just going to get caught. What did we talk about grumpy people? Maybe if he spends more time around Beau he'll get grumpier. That's a fair point. I stand up. Don't go through my things, I know everything I have. And I walk out the door. And I walk by him. She's going through your stuff, by the way. I've already walked away. I am downstairs having a drink. (laughter) Well he forgot that he put it there! You think you'd still feel that. No no no! Well done! Oh, that was terrible. Exactly what she said. Well, it's inevitable if you kick a cat you're going to end badly. That's just how it works. Oh sure, if they're already dead, just go for it. Is this a thing that really happens? But she paid for the whole night with all of us! I try to look him right in the eye when I say that. Roll for random bar. No work, let's go make an ass of ourselves at the Evening Nip. Scout it out. I think that's a great idea. Just because someone has tattoos doesn't mean they know everyone who has a tattoo. These are very different tattoos. We learned something today. Six more hours? Let's make it so they have to break this into like five YouTube videos. I feel like we all grew as people. Charlie farting in the corner. You are not.