I think I saw that in my D.A.R.E. class. (laughter) Continuing the 1991 trend. No. I also didn't tell Geek and Sundry we were doing this. And then vote. We'll be there, waiting in lines at public schools just like everybody else. That's cool! Thordak will experience all of those things. He will burn and he will suffer and you will not be there to watch it happen. You want to feel the burning inside of you? Oh, you will feel it, Raishan. But it will not be from Thordak or whatever proposed cure he made up. The burning you feel will be from the souls of ten thousand Fire Ashari as they sear your flesh, and the last thing that you will see will be my face as I watch you suffer, as you watched a quarter of my civilization burn! Oh, you commend me for bravery? Oh, Raishan, for someone who is supposed to be so smart-- I am not afraid! I know what you are. You are a parasite. You walk around calling yourself a magnificent ancient dragon. You are nothing more than a leech. You consumed the energy of my people for years! And we're supposed to just trust you? (shouting) Call me child one more goddamn time! (shouting) Which you did! You unleashed the mad dog, you bitch! This is your fucking fault! (quieter) He's just a mad king. As you said so yourself, you're the master planner! But your plan backfired, didn't it? So now you've come to us, and you think that you can formulate some other master plan that's still going to somehow get you what you want! You dumb fool. When will you fucking learn? Raishan. You're weak by mine, too. Sounds like a life happily ever after. Could be a good way for you to show us your loyalty, even though you have none. But know, Raishan, whatever deal we strike does not end in you leaving my sight. You're going to die. You're going to die, even if I have to die doing it. Can we please just fucking kill her now? Oh, she's already done that. It's pretty gross. Why do you think Thordak is the only one with knowledge of a cure? Because that puny little druid that cursed you-- well, don't forget you're dealing with a puny little druid right here. That seems to be the solution to all of our problems. Chicken soup for the DND soul. What was the question? I still don't really know why we need her to begin with. We're powerful enough. Why don't we just kill her now? Are you inviting? She was first on my list. But this could be our best chance. Could be the easiest-- She's not making this easy to walk away, you guys! Oh, I know the consequences of every step of my actions. It is you, Raishan, who did not realize the biggest consequence is standing in front of you right now. I don't give a flying shit. We walk away, and you die. Or we stay, (whispering) and you die. I know. You know. Oh jeez, what is that? Anyone you touch, you're then putting yourself in danger. If any of our friends wind up dead, we're looking at you first. Where's Asum? Did we already cover that? I was very angry. I couldn't hear a whole lot. (whispers) Bitch. I agree with that! Can I do a scan of the room, like a perception check to see if I notice magical traps or anything weird set up? Investigation? No, is there anything off? Does it look like there's an opening? General perception? 21. Is Grog talking to me about patience right now? That's so extreme. Grog-- Did Thordak tell you about the trinkets of ours that you wanted? About what we have, I mean. She knows. We thought she was Asum. We talked, and she knows. She knows. We told her everything. What does he want? Do you have any ideas on how to defeat Vorugal? What's interesting is the way that stacks, too. Keyleth holds her hand out to shake her hand. I heat up my hands a little bit with my flame hands. Feel the burn. Can I get an insight check on that "check in with the boss?" See if she's going to turn around and tell him everything. Come on, natural 20! It wasn't bad. It was a 15, so 26. All right, let's go. Yes, I can. Yeah, let's go down to the war room. Are we in the war room? Can we go down and talk about this in the war room? Keyleth screams her head off for a second. I don't think I understood until that moment what you did. She's a fucking idiot. What do I know about Melora and this curse? Because there are a lot of druids who worship Melora. That's not good. I never do religion checks. Nine. This whole thing could be an entire trap. Unless she was scrying on us, which is highly possible. I would have to have a super high perception in order to maybe sense it? Is there a way I can start looking out for that? The Spire of Conflux was born from Melora, so I'm wondering-- Yeah. Oh, I've been thinking about that staff for a while. I'm wondering if I can get to the staff quick enough, it could be the key to really defeating Raishan. Correct. And Vorugal loves something to hunt. Kill Raishan. I like this plan. Apparently, it's a goristro. A goristro? It's a barista? And she's really angry, because it's fall time. Pumpkin spice lattes. On what a goristro is? Apparently, his name was Yenk. Yank? In anything fiend-centric? She's here. Yeah, we know what it is. Can we go to a library, find a picture? Okay. I stare blankly into space. If I live past killing these dragons, yeah. What do you want? I have a born duty to my people that's hard to escape. I guess we'll cross that bridge when we get there. (whispers) Which cloak? Oh, the displacer cloak. Seems to be a trend, watching all of us fall. Any luck? I don't think that's true. Gods really enjoy being vague. What'd she say? Which sphinx? We've seen two now. Damn it. Why do they have to be so cryptic? Ugh. I don't think I wear it as well as you. It's a little baggy. That made me a little nauseous. Let's go. I think there's a lot we need to do. Just in case. Emergency poison. Maybe an enemy will come over. Right, internet? We knew it wasn't for Raishan. Isn't it breast cancer awareness month? It is, right? Check your boobs, ladies. The Raven Queen. That's what I said! Right. Had to do the whole name trial. So the first one was near where the Cindergrove is. Osysa was her name. Ioun! It's a little baggy, but thank you. I got a wink from Vex! Oh, is that Yenk? I thought you were working in the middle of-- I said "Hi, Percy." It's not my fault no one notices I'm around. It's not my fault I'm a fucking wallflower. It's going to have to be either Scanlan or me but-- Scanlan! Hey! Hey, Grog! Come on in. But you could close the gate once it passes through. Also, Kima wanted to come with us to fight the white dragon, remember? She's not, but if Kima is going, then maybe Allura will. I have another question. How far are we, timeline in the year? How close are we getting to Winter's Crest? When's the next solstice? There's not a summer solstice and winter solstice? 24. Thordak was busted out on the winter's solstice, right? Also, the Briarwoods were rushing to try and get the ziggurat up and running in time for the solstice. Very important day, where nature and stars tend to align and planes can blur a little bit. The sooner she dies, the happier I'll be. Vorugal lived in a cave. Well, here's my question. I'm sure she's anticipating us turning on her. What would you do if you were a green dragon anticipating people turning on you? Keep that in mind. We could be getting spied on. Are we being watched? What did you say about Ioun, and why is Ioun important right now? Scanlan, do you still have those Ioun stones? Okay. Was Raven's Slumber the name of the temple? That's your necklace that's got Trinket in it. What if we go back to that temple? Never mind, keep going. I'm just trying to figure this out. Here's what I think. She's going to find out eventually, and then what do we say when they all know we've known the whole time? But then what happens when Kima goes, did you guys know? These are the people we need to trust us. They are our allies. That was also years ago! And we were aware, and we could have told her. She going to be angry at not telling her the full parameters. This is not someone we want to lose our trust. No, she is not a soldier in our manifested army! She is our friend and ally. There is a difference right now. This is a different duty and relationship. But she'll choose a fight unaware of exactly what she's getting into. This is Lady Kima we are talking about! She is one of the most hard-headed people we know. She is going to push until we tell her what happened. So then either we tell her the truth and trust that she can keep a secret, or she doesn't come. She's going to find out, and I don't want to lose her trust. Percy-- I don't trust anyone right now. She's going to be mad at us either way, so it depends on if she's mad at us now or even more angry at us later. Well, look, she's then going to wonder why we uninvited her. We are lying to her no matter which way we take right now. Look, I want her there more than anything. I don't want to lie to her and I also don't want her dead and I don't want to drag her into a situation she could have known more about. So we're bringing her? We're going? Well, you know what? I've got to handle something first. I don't see any difference in Raishan being able to kill us in our sleep here or there. And Kima, please remember between me and you, of all people, before we trusted the illithid, we trusted you. You're right. I didn't trust you. They trusted you. I didn't. I'm getting to my point! But we grew past that, and now I trust you more implicitly than most people in this world. I'm going to go talk to the Sun Tree. Just gather your shit. I'll meet you there. The Sun Tree. Well done. Yes, I wanted to go underneath in our little Sun Tree cave that we carved out. Yeah. And I cast Commune with Nature. (laughs) There's so much pressure on this. Is there a way I can put my hand inside the Sun Tree? Dear Sun Tree-- Okay, I'm going to cast Commune with Nature and try and connect with the Sun Tree. Sun Tree? Hey Sun Tree. Without burning a question, can I personally ask you, how are you doing, man? Yeah? Okay, man, yeah. Hey, Sun Tree? So you're overtop all these arcane ley-lines across the whole globe, right? I've traveled a lot of places here lately. What are all the cities that the other arcane ley lines fall across? Can I sense it through the Sun Tree's roots? Are there any cities, any places of interest I can see that we've been through before, where they happen to cross? I'm trying to see if I can use the Sun Tree to extend my vision a little further. Yeah. I want to extend a little further? So the ziggurat, the spinning orb of death that happens to be right underneath you, are you in touch with what that might be feeding? Goddamn it, Sun Tree! Goddamn it! I'm not angry with you, Sun Tree. That's really easy for you to say, Sun Tree. Okay. All right. Sun Tree. You're a tree from Pelor, yes? Have there been the attention of any other gods on Whitestone right now? That you can sense? Or can I sense? I'm asking the Sun Tree out of humor, but can I sense it? I'm assuming the tree doesn't actually know fucking shit. That's so sad. You've got me, Sun Tree. I'm here. You shouldn't be lonely. Aww, that's so-- aww. Okay, Sun Tree. I don't think I have much time left, but is there anything-- you said you're lonely. I just want to say if you ever want to talk, I'm here. You know you can confide in me. If there's anything you want to say, I'm all ears, you know? Yeah? You know, I didn't really get any of the things I was looking for, Sun Tree, but I still feel a little better. Thank you. Yeah! You're cool, Sun Tree. Aww! Not as cool as you. Yeah. Okay, I'm going to be walking through you here in a minute, so I wanted to let you know that there's going to be eight people going through, so don't feel alarmed. Does that hurt you? Oh, okay. I'm sorry. I'm not going to stop doing it, but I'm sorry. All right. Bye, Sun Tree. Sure. I was feeling relaxed. And I grew a tree, right? Didn't I grow some trees? I pick one of those trees. What time is it here? I can scry once we get in the mansion. Can I cast it ahead of time? Sorry. Can I cast Heroes' Feast at a higher level? No, I brought Transport via Plants. I can do it in the morning. It is pretty important. Can I do it as a ritual spell? I'm going to scry. I don't want to necessarily scry on Vorugal, but can I scry in her-- What do you mean? Instead of spying on Vorugal? I can scry a few times. Oh. I'll step outside the mansion to scry. I step outside the mansion, and I take a good, hard look around. Hey! 14. First, I'm going to scry on Tooma. What's going on around her? Do people seem to be preparing for a battle? I take the cloak and wrap it around as much as I can. Now, I'm going to scry on that outside entrance to Vorugal's lair. Okay, because we were in there earlier, so can I scry on the location? Not trying to focus necessarily on Vorugal? Scrying on the dragon, or the location, or both? Not knowing could be more dangerous. Did Vorugal have any other allies? Do you remember some of the guards? All right. I abandon the campaign and go back inside. Where exactly are we going to-- Do we have a plan on dropping this beast? Should we go try and talk to Tooma now? Fly there. I can Polymorph you. Yeah, in the same area. I can drop Polymorph as long as you guys keep me in contact with the earpieces. Then I don't know. Are the earpieces going to stay in range? Then I'm going to go Minxie form, my white snow-tiger, and I will stay within earshot range so that way if anything goes bad, I can alert the rest of the group. Earpieces. I'll follow as close as I can. Let's go without having some sort of-- Yeah, they would know. They've been tracking down animals for it to hunt for a while. They have to tell him where to find it. I think you have to cast it on yourself. I can enhance one of y'all's abilities so you have advantage on rolls for a stat. I can do that to one of you. That's what I was thinking. I'm going to cast Enhance Ability, and that's a dex ability, the Cat's Grace or whatever it was? Cat's Grace on Scanlan. I'm going to turn into Minxie. I'm going to stealth as far behind them as I can. I'll stalk the top of the ravine and keep an ear open. And keep an eye out for anything that looks horrifying and bad. What do I use? Just nature? 15. I start pacing that way, assuming it's them. (meows) I got this form from being in the mountains of my hometown, so yes. They can ride me? I'm that big? (strained noises) Back hurts. Come on. The Diseased Deceiver! Well, I'm going to write that down. Can I use Enhance Ability to help him out with his spellcasting? Yeah, they've got fancy names for each one, like Cat's Grace, Eagle's Splendor. Honey badger Spock, is that what you just said? Yeah, we can talk this time!