That's pretty dope. If there is, you should call your local post office. (laughter) That's awesome. You can also build a Taliesin robot, which I did, and named it the Taliesin 2000. I don't want to die. Okay! (imitating music) (swishing sound effects) They've got like two or three. I'll join you in that. That was my next plan. I stand behind Vex'ahlia. Don't worry, we wouldn't try to poison you the night before a dragon-fight. It would. We might be able to do one better. Especially a black dragon's lair. This pile of weapons you have here, I see a decent amount of javelins. A rudimentary harpoon, in the hands of some of your strongest, could help wrangle him down. About that time I light up my hands. That is very impressive. You're not wrong. About that time I walk over to the-- is there a stone wall in here? I put my hand against the stone and I cast Transmute Rock and I push my hand into the stone as it turns to mud. I take a spear that's on the floor, stick it in, and then turn it back. See? Magic. (laughter) Where is it, where is it? I think I could lock the whole dragon in. Beyond that, if that fails-- And then I cast, for right now I'll just do Wall of Stone, I'm just burning through all my spells as a demonstration. And I bring up two pillows. Two pillows? I blast up two pillars, right next to Kevdak. Sorry, sorry. Sorry, the other big goliath leader. And trap him in. (whispers) Sorry, Warra, sorry. So-- I know! Did not mean to lay a hand. Fantastic. That would be wonderful. Beyond that, in prep, I can dig a trench, hidden underground around our trap, so that whenever we're ready, your army can bust out of the ground. Without being seen. Pretty much. To be fair, I actually did it on a trap to kill like eight of your men on the way in and it worked phenomenally. So you should trust me. It worked well. It'll be very spacious. It'll be a nice big tunnel, it's not going to feel like you're buried alive. It'll be awesome, it will look like they're coming out of the grave. They'll look like badasses! Not bury them, that sounds so dramatic when you say it like that, I mean I'm going to make a tunnel, there'll be stairs, they'll be able to walk freely, they'll have air holes, it'll be just like when you moved through the sewers to not be seen. We would appreciate that, actually. Oh, I actually-- I go over to Warra real quick before she walks away? Just to her side, and say, you look well. Have the Seers told you if it's going to be a boy or a girl yet? If you survive this fight, I'm pretty sure you'll bear the strongest child anyone has ever known. Yeah. I'm going to start digging a trench. How far is it? How far away is the nearest tree cluster? Okay. Did he just say dragons have really high perception so don't fuck with anything and make it look weird? Right. Make it look real good. Right. I don't know her name either. We might not have known a name. What Sam wrote, he just wrote down 'Reginald's daughter'. Man, I didn't realize 'til now how many people we actually know whose name rhymes with that. Yeah, we know a lot of people. Weren't you with us, Percy? Yeah, remember the guy who saved us at the first Winter's Crest festival? Yeah, he's very nice. I'm about to dig a trench, so I'll pass. Heading northeast towards, northwest, northwest. Sorry. It's noon, it's hard to tell in the sky right now. Northwest. Oh, shit. Really? Ah, son of a fucking-- looters! Yellow with black swirls, and then a clear potion that-- Should've took those from the prison. Old? (laughs) Yeah. About that. Yeah, figured that much. Sure. So many noises happening. Yeah, do you want Fassbender? I was actually going to offer him to you, 'cause I feel like you might-- I'm pretty sure you don't have to worry about that. So you give it a command, it takes your full concentration to give it a command, and then once you do that it will enact that plan until it's complete or until you tell it otherwise. And if you wanted to cast a Slow spell, just, you have to focus and tell it to do that. You know, I don't know. Just wing it. I kept talking to him like it was a person and I don't think that's necessarily the way to go. It's still in Scanlan's mansion. So he's in Wilhand's house, with Wilhand. Yeah. Hopefully Wilhand's watching over him right now, actually. It might've destroyed Wilhand's house. Yeah. Yes? (Skype noises) This is the weirdest field. (Taliesin makes noises on Skype) (laughter) Yes? This seems to happen all the time, every time we try to talk to each other. I don't think I've really, continue, continue. It's hard to have a conversa-- Shut up, Percy. Thank you. What are you talking about? When you left me, right-- Yeah, no, that I remember. Yeah, that. Yeah. Yeah yeah yeah. I'm sorry if I dropped that on you, and put any more undue stress, that's not what I want-- This is awful. Yeah, no, this is pretty bad. You know, I've actually been wanting to talk to you. I wasn't entirely planning on now. I know you've been struggling. I know you feel like you're drowning, and I'm sorry that the Raven Queen chose you, but she did choose you. You know, as druids, I was raised to have an interesting perspective on the gods. We are taught that nature is the one true powerful force. I have yet to see a god control the sunrise and the sunset, so therefore it's hard for me to sometimes have the same faith in these gods. Personally, I believe that just because you're immortal doesn't make you infallible. These gods can be great ambassadors of their virtues and what they represent, or they can be horrible disgraces to their domains. And just because some self-proclaimed person or deity decides that they want control? Doesn't mean that they have to have control over me. Now, this does not mean that I do not respect the gods and the power that they wield, but, I mean, for the love of Sarenrae, we have seen Pike do many a powerful thing. So, therefore, I do not respect the gods any more than I respect the living people who are standing beside me at this moment. So I've also been coming to terms with the fact that it seems that, whether we like it or not, we are going to have to employ their services. Looks like we're going to have to be working with them in some way or another, myself included, if we are going to overcome this. So maybe you should start rethinking the way you look at your relationship to the Raven Queen. Maybe this can be a fine partnership. A fine endeavor to do with her, and then once we save the world and we retire and some other young prodigies come forward to save the world again, then we can thank her for her services and move on. I don't think we'll always need her. I don't think you will always need her. And, keep in mind, the one true thing that gives these gods their power are their worshipers. So I guess I'll let you choose what you want to be. And I walk off to catch up with the ladies. Vax. Vex. Vex. You know, I was talking to him, so-- Hey. I love you a whole lot. I know who I'm talking to. Who? Vax? Oh. It'll take me like an hour. It's fine. What time is it? I dig a trench. I want it to be far away to where there's a tunnel and then make a circle around it. We have to do some stage-setting here. We have to set the scene. Okay. Can I go ahead and take this time to do-- Oh, I'm not there yet? Oh no, I'm building a tunnel. You're getting Fassbender. Never mind. Like a treasure chest? If-- can you cast it in like a barrel that he's going to break open? What exactly does it do, the Glyph of Warding? Oh, so it, (explosion). That's cool. I'm pretty sure he's immune to most kinds of damage. If we lose Fassbender-- I can. Can I do that? Right now? I want to take and cast a Stone Shape spell, and then I want to open and almost make him a chain harness that's embedded into his waist? And then while I'm at it, can I patch him up? All right, well, how about this? Vax, Vex, grab a chain. Okay, ready? On my go. I'm going to shove them in his abdomen. Okay? I'm going to make a spot and just-- Ready? Okay. Okay. Do it right now. Ready? I'm going to do another Stone Shape spell into the ground. Not bad. What's my survival? 24. Negative. I will cast-- I'm going to burn-- I did that earlier, but I'm going to burn my last 5th-level spell to do Transmute Rock again? So you said there was dirt? All right, let's dig a little bit of a hole real quick. So we dig a hole ten feet down. Put the chain in there. Cover it back up. Transmute. Turn it into rock. And treasure. Can I take my last little bit of Stone Shape residual energy and take that mustache Vax drew on-- And make the mustache permanent that he drew on with charcoal? I like this, I want to keep it, there we go. You look much better now, Fassbender. High-five. Yeah! Isn't that cool? It's okay. It's cool. Yeah, we should set the stage. Hey Percy, we're ready to fly in the trap whenever you are. While you guys set the trap, I'm going to turn into a raven. My job is done here. I'm going to just go and circle while they're setting the trap and setting the stage and do patrol and make sure we're not being watched. 16. No, sorry. 15. Let's just keep him right off to the side because if that trap triggers-- Go ranger, go ranger, go! No, we could just tie him to a chair or something. Make it look-- wrap some rope to make it look like it's loosely tied. Does that sound fun to you, or-- Oh my gosh, it took a look from Pike! It depends on where you want to hide, I guess. (caws) Yeah, there were two trees that were 80 feet? Or 60? Far away. I want it to be more than that, I'd like it to be 100 feet away. No. Yeah, what I'm thinking is I've got a circle that I've carved around it. And then there's like a tunnel that shoots off this way and there's an entrance that they can walk in and get into their places. I've made it really thin like I did before, carved it nice and thin-- I don't know what that means. Unless you guys think it would be better? It's going to be cool, like night of the living dead-style! Orcs coming out of the ground! In my mind, it's really awesome. So many things. It has been used? Yeah, it takes your concentration, so it takes-- I'm trying to speak in character, all right? Yeah, I'm assuming that was a Potion of Haste. Honestly, spellcasters, it's not as beneficial for us to have Haste. Well, depends on when you're going in. If you focus on Fassbender and tell him to just attack or to cast Slow, he will do that until that dragon is dead. He will just continue without you having to focus on him. That's so trite. The cloak? What do those do? Then I'll take the cloak, I guess. I'm going to take off my spell slot ring. And I put my goodie but my oldie circlet on. The mayor's? The big mansion. The Margrave's house. I can also do a feast if I cast it at seventh level. But, fuck it, I'm going to sleep, so it doesn't matter. Pike and I are both going to cast Heroes' Feast, so that way we can feast 24 people total. So tell Kevdak. Sorry, fuck! Tell Zanror his finest warriors, his druids-- So make sure we have Zanror, his wife, his druids that he mentioned; there were like two to three druids? Magic-users or clerics. Rise at sunrise? Rise at dawn? 2d10, and you're immune to poison, fear-- Oh jeez. Don't let me fuck this up. Oh, that's not bad. 14. 14 from me. Well, when do we want to be at the trap? Dawn? So we need to be in our places by 5AM. What time of year is it? Okay, so we have long nights right now. So let's sleep for a good six hours? Yeah, I'm staring at you. How does she see everything? She's a witch? Wait, what time is it? Son of a bitch, we overslept. I thought we were trying to get in places before dawn. I hate it when I oversleep. Sure. I also cast Protection from Energy, resistance to acid, on Grog. I'm going to stay in this cluster of trees with Scanlan. Additional or temporary? Theoretically, I could enhance your ability, but it's a concentration spell and I've already protected from acid against Grog. What does your cloak do? That I put on? Like, melee? Only melee, not spells, yeah? Shit. I can't believe we're doing this. Quiet. I come over the earpiece in the calm of battle and I say if things go terribly wrong, rush to this cluster of trees. I have ways that can get us out. I feel like I should say something inspiring, but I don't have anything, so-- Fuck shit up, as Grog once said. About two days ago. Green, lucky jade. That's okay. Fucking shit. Is yours not good? Also big ten, which if you round it twice is like a thousand. You've got, no, he has Fassbender. Yeah, I'm hyperventilating. Why the book? Thanks to whomever sent these Jelly Bellies, by the way. He's got to roll to see if it recharges. It'll recharge on a five or a six. Oh dear god. Okay. I'm going to transmute the earth underneath him. Right? That's what I'm doing? That's part of the plan? So if I can do right underneath Umbrasyl, that would be fabulous. It's a 120-foot range. I want to do the area just directly under Umbrasyl, if I can, so that I'm not sinking the Herd around him. I want to turn the ground directly underneath Umbrasyl into mud. Okay, I thought it had spread, because it's 40-foot, so I thought it was under Umbrasyl, but I could do something else-- Okay. Plan B. Should I go with pillars? Yeah. I'll go with-- No? Okay. I'm going to cast Bones of the Earth, which I think I can pop up six pillars around Umbrasyl. So, Grog, you want a boost? You want to stand on a rock? Pike, you want a boost? Do you want a boost? Okay. Here's what I'm going to do. I want a pillar here, Grog. When you're ready. Grog on a big stone pillar, bam! And then, where's the button? Pike on a pillar over here, bam. Let's go ahead, I'm trying to trap him in here. I want to pin him as these go up, so let's do one here. Can I get whoever that is up on a-- Right up here. Oh. Surprise! We were trying not to tell anyone our plan. Let's do another one over here. Bam. Pinning him in. One, two, what is that, three, four. One on the opposite side, over here. Umbrasyl's a big fatty so I can't get my laser pointer over there. Over here-ish. On the other side of this one. Can I raise a pillar through his wing? So flanking this pillar on the other side over there, if that makes-- flanking this pillar. So wait, move that one that you just placed over a bit. You know, it's fine. You get the idea. Let's do one up here. Knock him in the chin. Hopefully that contains him a bit. Yeah, guess so. I'm behind you. Fuck yeah, d10. He's taking a photo? The Hope-Devourer? Yep, Umbrasyl the Hope and then marriage fucked everything up. Come on, Pike. Can you bring him down any? Is this sneak attack? I'm so scared. Okay, hang on. What the hell is the range on that? I'm going to just take a few steps forward, here-ish. Matt. There-ish, move up a little bit. Just so I can-- Yeah, just ahead of the tree. And I'm going to attempt to cast Earthbind on him. He has to make a strength saving throw. Fuck, I knew it. Well, we've burned off two of his legendary resistances. Okay. I'm going to take the remaining of my turn. Oh shit, I actually didn't want to move. It's okay. I'm going to turn into an earth elemental. And I'm going to take the remaining of my movement to move up-- Well, he has 60 feet of movement, but I moved, what, like ten feet earlier, so. No, I'm sorry. His Earthglide is-- Yes, 30, so he moves up 20 feet. 60 feet? I can tell you super fast. No, 30 feet. You technically have a pillar that's 30 feet high adjacent to him that you can anchor it into a pillar. Have they all broken? Maybe some just came loose. I rolled a two with a minus one, so one. Not a natural one. Rolled a two. Okay. I'm in tank mode, so I'm good. I'm an earth elemental. Okay. As an earth elemental I want to drop into the earth and Earthglide. With my 60 feet-- question, can I get across and to the top of this pillar here? Maybe? That one. Earthglide to the top, so it's 30 feet tall. (nervous laughter) And I'm going to use my momentum to see if I can rocket myself out and see if I can jump and grab onto his leg. Yeah, I want to shoot out of the pillar. And shoot out with a waterslide trajectory, woo! Yeah? Maybe? I'm thinking about it real hard. So is that strength as a-- I'm going to use Scanlan's inspiration. Ooh, that's good. 18 plus five, so, 23. But I've got his foot. And I'm heavy as fuck. Well, if Fassbender weighs, what was it, like 1,200 pounds? 2,800 pounds? So I'm at least as heavy if not heavier than Fassbender. 2,000 pounds. None of us fucking know. Why didn't we go metric? Yeah, what are they talking about? Okay. I'm holding on for dear life. Okay. Yeah. No, that's. Wait, do I add anything? Sorry. It did. Do you need more d8s? Hold on! Nice. What did you have to beat? Even though I'm holding on to his leg? That's not good. Four. Halved because I'm an elemental. Strength? 19. That sucks. He's consulting the book again. He's gotta be taller than six feet. 15 sounds nicer. Rounds up. I'm not arguing, we're rounding up. He has 26 hit points. That's going to be a lot of damage, right? We burned through all of his legendary saves. This is awful. Make a little breathing hole? Bye, Taliesin! We love you! Are you still going to be in Puerto Rico that long? No? Such a death wish. Hope Devourer. Maiden name Hope. Maiden name Hope.