Is she watching? Hi, mom. Alex is brilliant. We got it back, it's okay. Clarence. LIAM and So wait, are we all reunited? Oh, welcome back Pike! Are we all reunited? Where have you been? ASHLEY Well, I had quite a time. When we were up on the tower, I noticed something, and I felt... I had to leave, because I started to have a vision. I take Pike and I kind of pull her out of the tent really quick, and I'm like-- Okay he's like a mind flayer, and we found him in a hole under a waterfall, but he's cool, but he wants vengeance. He's like outcast, yeah. But he's gonna help us fight all of his tribe who hates us. Yeah. Maybe we can figure out something a little bit more jerryrigged. They can read our minds. Clarence? Sorry, Clarota. Sorry, Clarota. I just have one quick question. Why would you want to rejoin your colony after they've banished you? Why not leave? You're not diseased, you're special. You said there was a big army front, guarding this general? Of duergar? Oh, he's just right across the way? An entire colony of mind flayers. Really? Please, do tell. Is there something under the lake? Through the lake? No. I can cast Water Breathing on all of us. I can always turn into, like, a whale. So wait, is going through the lake gonna get us through to the general? Well we can figure out to where where all of us can fly over them. I'm more concerned about us cloaking ourselves. Even if we're flying they're still going to see us. That was one time. Just one time. Amityville Twitch stream. I think so. Well, we went over the top of it, and kind of looked down. When I was bending the water back, we were kind of in that area, right? That was that area, but the lake-- Go fishing, yeah. I can attempt to try and drain the lake a little bit. Control Water's a level five spell. I managed to get it stopped-- A lake. I mean, I can make a giant whirlpool. Didn't that happen already? So we can face Cthulhu, or little Cthulhu minons, seems to be our choice. Ooh. I see what you're getting at. We need to build a coconut radio. With some sort of interference? I believe Pike and I both have access to spells like that. Not necessarily. I think it'll stun them long enough for us to get across. Wait, that's not a bad idea. Pike, can we temporarily enchant the magic carpet as a spotlight as we fly over? As a light death ray? We should have Daylight. Where's my book? Where's my Player's Handbook? Daylight. Pike and I can cast Daylight on our magic carpet. I have to take a nap, though. What's that? I mean, technically I can also turn into something flying, I could back you guys up, if someone else wants to take the carpet. I can cast Daylight on your helmet. On your pot helmet. Yeah. All right. What does Vax have to say about this? Yes, that one. Do you know what time it is? I'm feeling a bit nappy. I have to rest so I can-- I'm gonna read up on this Daylight spell, so that you and me can both cast it. ASHLEY Yeah, we'll just take a nap and just get, you know, rest our muscles, and get ready for the fight. I go ahead and I light an incense in our teepee, and I make some flowers grow. That's better. That's nice. I'm meditating. Oh! Pooper. 19. Goblin molotov cocktails? I like that. I'm gonna put a giant sunlight beacon on his head, and I'm gonna release him to the wilds. Oh, how are we gonna get him over it? I like that. Well I was gonna say, can we set down where we're kind of backing you guys up, holding the fort down while you guys go? I'm not worried about that. I say we might as well go closest to the barracks as we can get. I'm gonna start buffing people like crazy. Oh! Joss Whedon up in this bitch! Well, I can cast Pass Without A Trace on myself, and as long as we hug close to me, there's an area around me that's like a dark shadow. We get like, all stealthy. Wait, wait, wait! Don't go in yet. Let me buff people. I go ahead and I cast Enhance Ability on Vex. To increase your dexterity. Which is your stealth, right? And then I'm gonna go ahead and let me keep track of all this. And I'm gonna go ahead and cast Daylight on Grog's helmet. Are we ready for this, are we going? And I'm gonna go ahead and cast Daylight on-- I'm gonna go ahead and cast Pass Without A Trace on myself. I turn into an eagle, and I'll take the gnomes. I guess the rest of them are on the rug? I'm gonna fly in the middle between Grog and the carpet, that way my Pass Without A Trace encompasses everybody. Even with the plus 10? 18? Oh, cool. Thinking about-- Just falls from the air. We can start on the roof, that way that gives us time. Let's just land on the roof. We still have that plus 10? Oh, that was cocked. Oh, no! I'm like those boobies, that crash land when they fall. Well, I rolled a one. And you still have my buff. You didn't bring your stuff? (Metal Gear voice) Must have been my imagination. (all laugh) Sneak attack? Oh! There's Scanlan. I cast Light on Grog's head! Do you have like a picture, or a file anywhere, saved of your-- Of your sheet? Also nine. Kill him. Yeah Vax! Derge. Yes, come on Grog. This is all you're good for. Come on. Woo! Nice. You're the brightest tool in the shed today. Finally. Now he's getting out toys. I got him this for Christmas two years ago, and he's finally using it. You're supposed to know everything! Woo! ♫ A whole new spell ♫ No one can tell us no ♫ Except for Matt (all laugh) Well, he does all of them and then divides. He rolls all of them and then divides. Your first one was-- I-- Come on down and I say, good work guys. That was cool, that was great. That's what I was gonna say, I cast Grasping Vine and I just take a vine and I tie his hands behind his back. And kind of grapple him. Well no, I'm not damaging him, I'm just-- Yeah. Damn it. (whimpers) This is the second time I rolled a one on my stealth check. I'm not stealthy today.  What is that? Can I reactionary real quick, take my Grasping Vine and just lift him and kind of put him in the corner to keep the general safe? I was just trying to keep him safe. No breaks. Exercise your kegels. 36? Shit. Does this guy appear to be messed up by the Daylight at all? Yeah, Clarota! So 20 hits? He's still grappled. Oh, from the grapple, too? This is a whole new meaning to point-blank. That's amazing. Aw, come on. There's a bigger problem, bro. Fire in the hole! So, upon seeing this big thing crash in, and I'm like, oh. Now you're really angry. But I just kind of analyze him and I say okay, and then I go, (grunts), and I turn into a rhinoceros. Kaiju battle. (all laugh) I'm charging him. So if he fails to save, I knock him over. That's plus seven, so 19? Awesome! A strength save? Aw, damn it. He does, I do 2d8 of bludgeoning damage. Seven, nine, 14 damage. Well, I charged, yeah. Oh, wait. No no no, that's right, keep going. It's actually 15 damage. I always forget that I have a plus one to attack. We all get attacks? We get advantage, right? 19. 17. Think your arm might be a bit busted. Really? Wait, how did that happen? Didn't you get that speed boost? Oh yeah. Yeah, 826LA, they're a non-profit organization that helps primarily with literacy and creative story children for children between the ages of like five and 18. They have a really great young authors book that you can buy that's a collection of all of the kids' book, and you can also go and check out the time travel mart, there's one in Echo Park and then there's also one in Marina Del Rey. But you should just google 826, 'cause I know there's one in Seattle, I know there's one in like Atlanta. New York, San Francisco. There might be an 826 in your city. 826LA is who we're raising money for. But yeah all of the 826 store fronts are a little bit different, depending on where you go. They're super cool. Great for my back. So you have to sub. Bye everybody who's not a sub. Well, your word is not important. We're all good. I actually had Matt as my first DM, way before All this started. So I played a few other games, and then, now I'm back to the OG master. I see, does Keyleth have limitations on what animals she can transform into? Yeah, for the most part I can only transform into beasts and I have to be under a certain challenge rating. So right now, at my level, I can only turn into beasts that are a challenge reading of three or lower. Yeah, a third of my druid level which is nine right now. But for the most part I can change into almost anything as long as it's under a challenge rating of three. You know Pike, I feel like we haven't actually girl talked about this. We should. That's hot. I'm just concerned if he could treat you well. He's got bad habits. Oh, it's true. Our first game was great, I've got some good memories from that one. I don't think a few people were crying, I think everyone was crying. We know these characters almost as well as we know each other now. Wait, we have a tower? They built a castle Greyskull? I mean, we're all really deep, thought out characters. Oh you mean like right now? Yeah, don't do it right now. Yeah, no, not right now, maybe next week. But I'll be there. Is anybody else gonna be there? We'll be there. There's something really amazing about the fact that we're all essentially kind of building and communally developing a story together, and that's something that not a whole lot of things can grant you, and we don't really get in today's society much. We're all kinda creating this as a thing. And I think it's good that we're like, hey, this is socially acceptable. D&D's cool, everyone should play D&D. Oh yeah, our kitty shirts. Always, yeah. Like that time we walked through the back door of the Thieves' Guild, that was fun. What's up, Thieves' Guild. 'Sup. I didn't know that either. That's cool. Travis, how did you pick your character? I remember at the time I had a, we were playing another campaign, and I had like a rogue assassin, that you were in with me. And I had a kind of assassin character who was super seductress, and really high charisma. And I remember when I joined this game, I didn't really know any of you guys really all that well, and I was kind of new to this world, so I ended up going with a kind of druid, and I kind of deliberately made her introvert, in a weird way to kind of reflect my newcoming to the group, but I was like, "whoa, it'll be like I can be quiet." so Keyleth has a really low charisma, but I kind of spin it in that she's naive, and doesn't really know. And that's why she says things like, "but Clarence." (all laugh) Wait, we haven't heard Tiberius' story as sorcerer. Then we can answer that question. That's fair. Nope. Yorda youree yourdee yourd. With Dork. It was timed. Actually one of my favorite stories that I tell all the time is about you, from our first game, 'cause if you remember, I didn't play. I just kinda helped Matt help you guys. I was like a D&D minion. And I remember I was helping you, and I remember you were like, "So, if I just wanted to go up and punch those guards, "I could do that?" And I was like, yeah, well you would go up, and you would punch them, and then Matt would tell you how you'd do that. And then you went like this, you were like. Yeah, you were like, "so, we can do anything?" (all laugh) Hey, would that count as fan art? If fans made us music? Could we then use that? Yeah? He's nodding. Some consent forms? Yeah. Any music people. Anything atmospheric. Yeah people are asking how she came back. I almost did, yeah. I feel like everyone tries to make decisions in a game that their character would make in real life, 'cause that's kind of the point. I take into consideration that I have shitty charisma, whenever I open my mouth. I feel like we all try and take into consideration our background and our alignment, because that's, you know. Mazes and Madness. I was gonna say, Vin Diesel. Felicia's got some. "That's not cool." "My scarves are cooler than you." Personal. Ooh. Gotta teach lessons. I was a part of a Buffy the Vampire Slayer tabletop RPG for a while. Yeah, it's actually quite fun. I was a pyromancer. What's our favorite video games? Oh that's a hard question. There's so many! Sometimes. We're playing Heroes of the Storm more now. You'll see, maybe next week? If you had to trade places with one of us? I'd be probably either Scanlan or Pike. Bards and clerics are great. He hasn't died yet. Douginator asked me a super detailed question. So I don't wanna blow over it, 'cause it was awesome. He asked me how my path has gone, and my personal Aramente journey, and how working with the group has helped and slowed it down. For the Air Ashari and for Keyleth's journey, it's kind of expected to take her maybe ten, maybe 20 years? It takes her like, the Aramente is expected to take a long time, and part of it is her kind of proving herself a hero. So she kind of ended up tagging along with this motley crew in order to kind of help her so she's not doing it alone. So it's a good thing that she's tagging along. But she also has to deal with sometimes the moral dilemma of maybe choices that she might not normally make if she wasn't with the group that she has to go with. Yeah, that was fun. I think one of my favorite Keyleth moments, it wasn't a kill, but when we were in the crazy, Michael Jackson, Neverland Ranch, sorcerer dude's plane of existence. Yeah, when we were in his plane of existence, and we encountered that big tree rock monster, and I just happened to take Command Plants, and he happened to be a plant monster, so it just worked out perfectly, and I was just like, "we don't wanna fight you! "back down." and avoided an entire battle. Oh yeah, that was a good story. Burt Reynolds just announced that he's gonna be at Philly Wizard World with us, so we could theoretically tell him that story. Our holiday episode. Heck yeah. The Order of the Brotherhood of the Sisterhood. Boom, Sonic Boom. Yeah, what's under the lake? Oh yeah that's right, I did write it down. Yes, I was a shark. Remember, 'cause I was like, "I'm gonna be crafty and turn into a shark," and then I started immediately drowning. Oh yeah, Grog? We still don't know if that-- He might have been an ally. We might have killed someone who was valuable. Ooh, that's tough. Yeah, hard. Of course we do. That's the thing. I'm gonna say Final Fantasy 10. It was a big hassle. High insurance rates. That's cool. Favorite nerdy t-shirt. I've got like an army, kind of soldiery, looking t-shirt that says Chimera, like Chimera Corps. I like your displacer kitty you've got. Any betrayals in the game? So you did a little peeping tom? Dealt a little bit with each person. Well we know it's named-- What is each person's favorite D&D monster? 'Cause he confused you, right? And you just hari-karied off the hole? That was when I was a spider tiger. 'Cause I cast Spider Climb on myself, and I was in tiger form, so I was spider climbing all over the place. I'm wondering when we're gonna face a beholder. That's my favorite D&D monster. They're like a big floating head with a giant eye, and they've got tentacles, with eyes on the end of 'em, and each eyeball does a different ray of effect. They're nasty. They're super awesome. One of these days we're gonna fight one. Yeah, who wouldn't want to go to Sweden? Receive an extra level or Matt's hair. It is 1138, by the way. Oh right. Pike dying. Mansions of Madness is great. It's a card building game. War Machine. I'm a Cryx player. Seven seconds at a time, yeah. I think I still have the video of you trying to woo the nymph lady. It's basically just you flirting with my boyfriend. Ballsack. Do we have nicknames for all of our NPCs? Fastball special. That's cool. Or kill them. There's a lot that goes into it. I think Matt, just to put it into perspective, for everyone in the chat room, I think Matt probably spends close to eight hours, at least, on each time before we play. Or I guess at least we used to. Who was it, was it you, or Vex? That tried to float down with the carpet, and then we realized it was magic? But we tried to just use it like a parachute. I think it was mainly the twins in the tower. Let's do a good one. Waiting for a good one. I'm multi-tasking. I've just been tightening my laces while I've been kicking it back here. Dalman. That's amazing. Oh that's good. Oh yeah, I saw your picture. I don't know, maybe.