Yes! 826LA is a non-profit tutoring program for kids K through 12th grade. And they're really big on creative writing and storytelling, and they also have a storefront, the Time Travel Mart, in-- LAURA AND Echo Park! Thank-you. And Mar Vista. There's also one in Mar Vista, and there might be an 826 in your city, I know there's one in Seattle, and Chicago, and New York. So look them up, they're awesome, and yes. They do great work. And you can also tutor for them! You should volunteer. Volunteer to be a tutor for 826. Think you're smart? Can you teach a 5th grader? Not ours. It's those! That's what it looks like. So the first ones we did in navy. These are done in grey. And then we'll probably retire this design after this. Yes! (laughs) Yes, and I voice Black Widow. And doing a little... little ScarJo... up in there. And speaking-- speaking of Black Widow! (makes high-five sound effect) Black Widow! Avengers assemble! Black Widows, woo! Tim Drake! We're going to have to get one of those child leashes for you. Oh yeah, like a dog chip? Yes. That's actually not a bad idea. Can we do that? So we're... we're there. Wait. Who? You? What? Wait, okay, wait. Are we abandoning the plan? All right! Hi, duergar! I turn into an earth elemental. Go, twinsies! Oh, you're talking? We're doing a talking thing? I am-- I am going-- Hang on, wait, what are you do-- what? I'm going to... slink back into the shadows and turn into an earth elemental, and sink into the ground. And hopefully they don't see that happen. Oh shit! I move in behind where the pillar is, but in the ground. No, I'm-- yeah, I'm there-ish. Who's all stunned? Nice, that's better! Oh are we doing this? 16 here. Is it doubled? Iron bands? He's on the whole cart though, right? We're down all of our laser pointers. Get it. Get some. All right, I'm going to phase through the ground because I can. And pop up right there next to Grog. And in rock speak, I say, "Grog it's okay. It's Keyleth" I still don't really grasp that you can't-- Seeing that he's still tied up, I'm going to pick up the whole crate and put him over my-- no I'm going to football carry him like this. 30. I'm going to start football rushing that way. Get the fuck out! Oh, there we go. Shoot her! Don't want to hurt him. Oh, is there a lock on the bars? Yeah. Try that first before I suplex Grog. For what? Okay. I failed. Strength check. Can I grab her? Can I just grab her as an earth elemental. Just like (mumbles with a deep voice). Yeah. I bear hug her. Athletics, I don't have that. Ooh, that's better! 23. I tighten my grip on her a bit. Oh, that's true. We don't need her, we just need her brain. I drop my earth elemental form. Were you watching, Grog? Grog, you weren't watching. After we take a short rest. Maybe give it to Scanlan. Scanlan, do you have anything in your head slot? (laughs) Have we done some healing? Has healing been done? Is it? What time is it? I wanted to talk to my team. Can we talk now or talk after break? It's up to you. Well, we'll wait for Vax to get back. Well, I don't-- Where's Kima? (whispering) I don't want to talk in front of Kima. (speaking) Kima? Earmuffs, Kima. Scanlan, do you have an earring? Okay, so Scanlan can hear. I think we should get out of here. Well, we've got Grog. We've got Kima. We came here to find Kima. That was our mission. I don't trust her. Well, look. She's been... She just gave me the wrong vibe, up front. She's been very rude-- Right. But look what happened. She's brought countless people down here, only to meet their end. Right. Look, all I know is that only a fool believes that his path is the most virtuous. See? And he's got an intelligence of six. Why? (crying) How do we know we are doing the right thing? We've killed a lot of people, you guys. We've killed a lot of people. How do we know we're not just interfering with issues that aren't our own? We didn't know any of this until we came down here, and look she wants to take the horn. She wants the horn, and she wants to take it back herself. I understand you, Clarota, and I'm on your side. I swear. But a lot of people-- there have been a lot of murderers who said they did the things that they did because their gods told them to do it. Right? I just have a bad feeling. This horn can't make it back up to the surface. You guys have to promise me that. She wants to take it back. Why? If it's that bad, why does she want it? I just hope we're not the darkness. Oh, god. ORION Oh, is that-- I'm sorry Kima. I... just wanted to apologize. I came across too harshly that night. Well, I can grant you that. Only if you promise to grant us respect in return, because I feel you were a little untrusting of what we were doing up front, which I once again understand. Same here. A first impression of Keyleth would leave you with little information on the half-elven druid. You might even think that her social awkwardness due to her sheltered upbringing is kind of sweet. (chuckle) Of course, it would be unwise to underestimate her based on first impressions. (thunder) Under that unintimidating petite frame is a vicious beast waiting to be unleashed, whose natural powers have made even the fiercest of champions pee their pants, literally! (soft chuckle) Born to the Air Tribe of the Ashari people, Keyleth was raised with a deep love of nature and the elemental magics. It is her people's inherent duty to protect the delicate areas in Tal'Dorei where the four elemental planes begin to bleed with this realm. Since she was a little girl, she had quite a knack for air manipulation and beast shaping abilities. Well, if you consider kittens and flying squirrels to be little beasts. Which, I do. (clears throat) Anyways, it wasn't long before the headmaster of the tribe, her father, Korren, realized her true prodigious abilities and she was inveterated to succeed him as the next headmaster. Just like that, her jovial childhood was stripped and replaced with endless spell memorization, teachings from ancient traditions, and exceedingly high expectations. Every druid leader to be must embark on a journey to seek out the sister tribes in order to introduce and establish respect amongst the fellow headmasters. They call this the Aramente, or Noble Odyssey. When her father felt she was ready, he set her on the path to truly discovering herself, not knowing when, or if, she will ever return. As she hiked down the mountain towards Stillben, she meditated on the task ahead. Part of the Aramente is proving yourself a strong warrior, a valiant protector, and a wise and compassionate leader. With this knowledge, one thought plays on repeat in her mind Is she even worthy? Wait! Also, the PayPal is working again, for donations. And Indian food, apparently. Did you mean Clarota? You said K'Varn. Summon the staples! Yes? What? I'm doing okay. Yeah. Why? I'm here for you, too. I know! So glad we have him back. I think it's a trap. He wants us. He wants us there. Did you say that there was mushrooms? A mushroom forest, a fungus? But we haven't seen it yet. But we're starting to go into the crystal caverns. Does it appear to be producing cold? Can I do a nature check to figure out what kind of crystal this may be? 13 for my nature check? Not that great, it's all right. We also have a fancy Bag of Holding. Make biscuits, Trinket. Make biscuits on Grog's back. It just looks like a death trap. How long-dead? Wait, wait. What? (all laugh) Half-orc? Okay. Hang on. You listed all that off. How do we get rid of this? What did you touch? What did you grab? Are you just having party arguments right now? What. I go over to one of the crystal walls and I put my hand on the crystal and I cast Daylight, trying to see if I can emanate it up through the dome. I want it to light up the crystal. Trying to see how far I can get it to reach up to the top. Okay. Plants! Look, living things! 20. Me. I run over to the edge of the water and I do a swan dive and as I swan dive, I turn into a shark in the water. I do a lap. Go check it out. So there's nothing in the boats at all? Weird. Make a perception check, (mumbles) yep, yep. 12. As a shark, right? I go and I see that Grog's underwater and I Flipper him and go up under him and, "Hold on! "Here we go." Well... You've heard of those-- never mind. I'm just going to keep going. I carry Grog over to the island on the other side. I go over and I swim Grog over. And can I, as a shark, give some shark push from the bottom? Sick! Potions. I tried to look, but I'm a shark, so I don't know shit, really. It's a boat. You want to jump on my back? I can see him. I try and push it. And I try to swim underneath it. (singing) The love boat... I'm going to stay a shark and follow in the water. Can I tow them? Yeah. Yeah. Not as much rowing. Do you guys want to get out the rope and put it around me? I swim through the loop. Do we want to check them all out? Clear out the fog of war. I think if we can go here to this little island, I might be able to do some think-y, spy-y scrying stuff before we storm the city. Cave first. I'm towing us. I'll hug the far wall, though. I'll hug the wall. I'll stay with the boat. As a shark. Ooh! Pretty flashy. Grog's running in. I'm a shark, still. Can you? Yes and, we broke PayPal. Save Grog! It's like a walkthrough! Yeah, actually, if you want a good, creative summary thus far, you can walk through this. I know. I got all teary-eyed! Just wanted to say we have more. We've had new ones come in. New ones. Agreed. Yes, tell Wizards of the Coast. Tell them we sent you. Wait, how many? I think we can do it. I can't find our Overlord song. Oh, yes. It's good. I love you guys. They made this for you? They made you a song.