Oh, man, I feel like he told us. (laughter) What is his mother's name!? You don't care about his past! You're not Sam Riegel. You're not Sam Riegel. You're killing it, man. It's pretty nuts. Yeah, big seats! I'm going to break a pool cue. (laughs) I want a bruise. Man. It was a weird time. I feel like when people talk about DC Comics, they just only vaguely talk about DC Comics these days. He's our personal trainer. We did a Hamilton work-out yesterday. Oh man, it was so cool. Well, I rised up when doing squats. And if you go to iTunes, you can get the Signal Boost ringtone for your phone and it's pretty great. Also, we have another surprise coming next week that I'm pretty stoked about, but you have to wait. No one probably cares. But I care. He's pretty cool. And he had a cool hat. I was much happier. No. What? Was that the thing? I think this is my leadership thing. Yeah? I get another thing?! I gave that cloak to Kerr-- -- who wore it away. What?! Like it's day one. Vox Machina, let's do this! It's our save game plus. Yeah? I mean, I'm the chief. I can do whatever I want, right? I don't know, actually. I should maybe talk to Dad. Yeah. I go talk to Dad. (laughter) Korren, I was wondering if I could have a word with you for a minute? Can I? Is that allowed? I don't really know. You should fire that guy. Shitty servants. Yes, that's true. I guess. Okay. Right. So, (sighs) I'm confused. Was the Aramente my training to be a leader? You apparently prepared me as best as you could before I left, I don't know how well you all did (sarcastic laugh). So I'm just wondering if I need to expect that again, is this just me figuring this out again? Or do I have guidance? I did that (laughs). You're right, you haven't taken it, but that's been about 5% of my journey, all of the lessons that I've learned have been in the in-between. I know. I guess... I don't know. Just trying to figure out how to navigate this, like the leader I'm expected to be. You know, Dad, you didn't tell me a lot about the world and sometimes I think I get angry at you for that. Why didn't you tell me that the world could be so cruel and mean? Why did you never tell me that? What? Okay. It just sounds like it was advice coming from people who didn't really fully know. I know, and I thank you for that. I guess I'm just wondering what's next. Now what? I agree. Our people need to be connected to the rest of the world that we've sworn to protect. I understand the need for our isolation but I often wonder if we had a few close allies on alert, if the Thordak incident might've have gone a little bit differently. I still need time, with Vox Machina. We still have things we need to complete. And then I promise I will return. Thanks, Dad. Okay, Dad. Thank-- okay. I do the same. Adjust my mantle a bit. Another question. Do I have to wear this like all the time? It's a little unwieldy. It feels a little froufrou-y. Kind of ceremonial. It's just a little, feel like I'm going to trip on it. Okay. 'Cause going upstairs in it, like in the heels, it's a little unwieldy. I mean, it's beautiful! I'm going to go get a drink. Okay. Yeah. (laughs) So good. I can get us there. Correct. I can get us somewhere within the City of Dis. I don't know if-- Built Dis city! It was too easy! It was, yeah. But on the outskirts. Oh, wow! These are a power surge in there. It's very bright. I don't know. I feel like we've gotten a bit of a reputation for ourselves. I'm sure that word has spread. We're not, you know-- Yeah, that was super confusing. That was the one that we wished our way out of the contract. Yeah, we don't really have that anymore. No deals. No contracts. Just don't touch anything. Like a muff. Like a hand muff. (laughter) We could put little ears on, we can make it like a kitten! Nope. Exclusivity. So, Percy. We know a lot of things and people move through the Nine Hells. What does it say about rakshasas in there? Where do they fall in the caste? Because he listened to you so much more? As we move on. Yes. I feel like we would have to find someone to Send Message. There is a Message spell, maybe in the form of a text. Yeah. (laughs) I mean we kind of did-- We'd also have to see if Ashley would be down with us, you know-- -- Kaiju-ing Pike once again. So, I'm curious, if-- Rakshasas aren't necessarily part of the system, and this guy tends to come in and out and just make people's lives a living hell. (laughs) Hell! We're going! Puns! Then maybe no one would miss him. In fact, maybe people down there don't like him. You know? I could use Alter Self or try and change into something that's devil-y. I have a question. Because that is an interesting question, because-- Right. It's transmutation-- Because Shapechange is considered a transmutation spell, whereas Seeming was an illusion spell. Can I Alter Self to a succubus? To look like one. Or like a tiefling? Are tieflings a thing in the City of Dis? Percy, are tieflings a thing in the City of Dis? I wonder if they have guides. I wonder if I can be like a tiefling tour guide for you guys. Yeah, like an ambassador, an escort. Already have you under contract. (inhales) You know it's not my strongest suit, and I recognize this. Does he have Enhance Ability? Is that what you are talking about? He can give me Enhance Ability which means I would get advantage on checks. Which I can do on myself as well. Yeah. So, yeah, I can give myself, you know, I can-- And Tary can do it as well. I'll talk into a mirror for a little bit, practice some things that tieflings might say. What are things tieflings say? "Oh God, I'm a tiefling. What happened? Why is this happening to me?" See? Why? Yeah, they're going to know. I honestly don't think anyone's going to have a problem with us killing this guy. It's just a matter of do we want to be full Vox Machina? Because it might paint a giant target on us. Or maybe have someone as a silent escort? I could try and not speak a whole lot. I could just-- maybe I could be a mute escort? I had my tongue cut out. Yeah. I agree. Okay. All right. Sure. I would maybe just keep those or give them to Grog maybe, once again. Did you just call Percy 'Freddie'? I like it. D-Roll's pretty good. Hey, Tary. Do you have any spells that help you be able to speak languages? Isn't there a spell called Languages? Not really. (sings) Disco Inferno. I mean, if I wanted to use Shapechange to actually turn myself into-- -- a succubus or a rakshasa, then I would speak Infernal because I do get that with-- we didn't really fully decide. It never specifies. Because you get everything, but you just keep your intellect, wisdom, and-- But you learn their spells and abilities. You automatically get those. It doesn't specify in the spell. It's kind of what you decide. Yeah, she's got a whip. But I get their abilities. All right. Maybe, but I imagine they would be super-rare. Do we have any? Sure. So it's not a guarantee that they know Infernal, necessarily? I could go ask. I mean, I could go and get a few buzz-words, you know-- -- hello, goodbye, please, thank you, left, right. What time is it? Yeah, Common. I feel like we'll be okay. Unless-- I could try and talk to Dad, too, and see if he has anything that might help with languages, but I don't know. I think we'll be okay. We'll be all right, right? It's just hell. It's fine. Okay, so do we have a vague plan? Should we sleep? Yeah, I saw that-- wait, you guys all saw-- we really talked to-- Because that feels like a fever-dream. That happened, you saw that. Grog, you saw that, right? The giant white face. Grog. Indignant? No expectations. I like it. I mean, it's bad for goals, but yeah. High-five, buddy. Hey! Word. He does have a point. Has anyone stopped to wonder why we're all still alive? Yeah, by all likelihood we shouldn't be. That's fun. Good times, good times. What about you, Vex? What are you doing after we take a retirement? I mean, we knew that. 'Twill be lovely. Considering your idea of "small". What is the Grey Hunt, Percy? You keep saying what the Grey Hunt is. What is it? It's nothing. It's nothing, is what it is. Yeah. Is it like paying your taxes, where it's not a real thing, but you kind of have to do it because it's on paper, and someone tells you to? I learned it from you, Percy! Oh my god! Tell us something! How do you mean divine? Like she can see things? If she kills the radioactive beast does that mean she gets radioactive powers? Oh. That's not as fun. That's so cool. Oh, you'll be fine! She's killed tree beasts and dragons, she's fine. Both! So, what are you going to do when we take a break, Percy? You still haven't answered the question. You know, I might need your help. I have a few ideas for the Ashari tribes as well. I think they need to. Can you help me build some sort of, maybe like, alarm system? Okay! But with taxpayer's money. Also something else you taught me. Yeah, just two cups on a string. Yeah. Let's do that. (laughter) I get information on that gardener and where to find him. Or them. Or she. Or he. I don't know who they are. Do I know her name? Did I get a name? Whitney. Okay. Sure. Okay. Sure. When we were like kiddies? Oh, no, but she'd be forever-- Yeah. Don't do that. The bowing thing is-- I've always been uncomfortable with it, don't-- No! It's-- No, don't, it's fine. No. You're fine. You're great! Hi! Good to see you! Oh, thank you. I was just wondering if I could actually just ask you a few questions, on behalf of everybody. Well, okay. (sighs) I don't know if this is a sensitive subject or not, I know you've been away from this for a little bit, but it seems me and my team are going to the Nine Hells. To the City of Dis. And, yeah. No. I know. We all had the same reaction. (laughs) I just, I didn't know if you could actually help me with any Infernal language or any knowledge that might help, or if you still know the language. Well, we were thinking of going in under disguise as, potentially, as tieflings, since they are more common there. So I didn't know if you could share any basics of your language? Well, you know, hello. Goodbye. Thanks. Sorry. Left, right. Do you want to do this over breakfast? I can, we'd be more than happy to buy you breakfast. Okay, cool. KuTHOK. You're right. Kuthrek. Sure. (laughs) No. Sorry. I saw the hesitation and it was cute. Keep going. No! No, no, no! I-- I mean-- maybe like a 'yes' and a 'no'? And then we'll totally leave you to your work, because I feel like I've totally interrupted, like, your flow and I'm so sorry. Doesn't excuse me from human decency. (laughs) Yai. Was that right? Yeah. (laughs) Yai. Fuck! Shut up! Shut up! Come on. Come on, really? She's not a felon on the run. I've known her since I was a child. She's a peaceful fucking gardener for the past 20 years. Mm. It's the Nine Hells. Is there a word for 'thank you'? Do they thank people there? (laughs) It's similar to goodbye. Can be both? Yeah, I feel bad. Whitney. Thank you so much for us interrupting your morning. Is there anything you'd like from me in return? Great to see you. See you again. Man. So good to be home. Okay, let's go! Vax? "Thanks." I don't look back out of embarrassment. Voice of the Tempest, motherfuckers! First act of being king! It's Kuthok. Kuthrek. Yai. And ermahgerd. Rounded vowels. (laughter) Metamucil? You know, it went about as well as one could expect? Uh-huh, I totally learned all the language in one 15-minute setting of annoying a poor gardener. Okay. Hello, hello-- kuthok. Kuthok. Yeah, an emphasis on 'thok'. Uh-huh. Goodbye-- Close. Close. Kuthrek. Yes yai. No-- is ermahgerd. It's impressive that no is the most complicated one. I know. She didn't remember a whole lot. She's been living amongst us for quite a while. In fact, she never lived in the Nine Hells, because apparently that was maybe vaguely offensive? She's n-- yes. I've known her for a while. (laughs) What's her mother's name?! Ermahgerd. Just words. Well, we don't have 'please' and 'thank you' because apparently they-- Yeah, they're not very polite. It's like the equivalent of the Shia Leboeuf 'Nanananana!' Nananana no. This is going great. We are totally stalling. Time is a flat circle. (sings) We built Dis city on rock-- That was a bad song. All right. Are we going? Are we going? Are we ready? All right. Who Dis? We gotta hold hands and then-- Good job. Bamf, City of Dis. Good, I have to pee so bad! Nope, we didn't! I, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I can do it right now. Is anyone watching? Percy's got a good point. We might want to try and get out of the street. Get indoors. Yeah. Wait, from just peeking around the corner? What layer of Hell? It's like, the third, fourth? Second. What? Do you think if I do an Alter Self here that people will notice? Yeah, I can do it at will. Yeah, just shield me, like we're changing at the beach. Look casual. Don't touch the wall, you'll burn! Aww, buddy! Yeah, it's true. Yeah, I'm going to-- Oh, he can do it on others? Oh, copy. Cool. I'm going to look like kind of a vague cross between Whitney and Zahra. You know? Hold off on that. I'm not saying it's not a good idea, but maybe we should workshop it. What-- Hang on, hang on, we don't want to be-- Hang on, hang on, how long does Alter Self last when it's just a spell? Because if we were going to try and eat some food, and take a break, then maybe we should do that first? Are we still doing that, or are we just going head-on into this? Feel like our plan's already dissolving. I can find it too, Matt. Alter Self lasts for one hour. Okay, so I guess we will get through this city and eat a Heroes' Feast when we get to our destination? Very, very unique. Have we? Lillith. She was so cute! And a rakshasa. I join Percy. Yep yep! And also that way! As we start taking a stroll, can I do a nature check to see if I can spot any native beasts, insects, etc.? Native animals, birds. Critters, and the usual. Perception check? That's a shithole roll 14. Total. You do like the theater. Do you think a Pass Without a Trace spell would be beneficial here? Natural snitch! Yep. Just a fleshy mass, Liam. Sternly? Wow. It kind of is. If we can get to a safe, quiet place, I can do a Locate Creature spell and see if I can find him. I can also scry on him, but I need to-- Something not in this back alley of a street. Was he talking to the lemures, or to us? To back the fuck off? Okay. His, yeah, his people. "Back the fuck off from my people", yeah. This means I could theoretically turn into him now that I've met them, right? Nope! (Minnesotan accent) "Yo, I got my Polaroid with me." He's D-Rollin'. I love Laura bailing so fast. Do we recognise what they are? Are they wyverns? What are they? I'm going to try and start focusing on that for the next walk. When one gets down close, I want to see if I can see what it is? I could Beast Shape into something that's natural-- Weird thought what if we try to walk away from the tower? Once again, I want to keep an eye out, because I had a shitty perception check, for any birds, bats, beasts that I see flying? Insects? It probably was! That's the thing, it probably was! How big is this cage? You're doing great. It was amazing. Is everyone here afraid that they're going to be murdered at any corner? You're going to try to make eye contact with these people? Did you notice no one here makes eye contact with you? It's really weird. As we walk a little bit, I just want to covertly heat up my hands, light them up a little bit and then touch the wall to see if it burns me as well a little bit. Just graze my fingers along it. Even though my mantle of the tempest, I ignore extreme heat? It's what I was curious about. S'good, s'good. It feels good. It feels good. Stove cat. Wait, are we interesting? Oh! Oh no! It's not the same one? I subtly, as he goes by, study and examine what he looks like, the pit fiend. As we move through the streets, I just want to trail behind Vax and take a look at if anyone's reacting to him unusually, or taking notice of him. Don't fuck me, Gil. Okay, yeah, 24. It's all right, it's all right. They are following us? Does he seem to be following slightly behind in step of the dwarvish-maybe-creature? Yeah, buddy cop? I come over the comms and I say, hey, Vaxy-poo, I think we're being followed, I kind of feel like they can smell you. Keep an eye out, it's like a kind of stout, maybe dwarvish man and a humanoid creature covered in chains. I slip inside as well. Me at 1 AM. Ermahgerd. Ermahgerd? Ermahgerd. I look back at him and I light up my fingers and I give him the flaming finger guns. Super douchey. Over-exaggerated nod. Too conscious? (laughs) Wow, wow, vacation destination right here. Do I notice this? Oh, no no no! This ain't no Hostel situation! Aw, hell no. That makes sense-- but still, still, no. No, we're not going to go in here to be sold in the middle of the night. Are we cool? Is this rock tartare? Oh my god. We used to serve this all the time in the Air Ashari. It was a delicacy in the Earth Ashari. Oh, I don't know if this is rock crudite. I kind of do like a-- Oh. It's so Keyleth, yeah. Oh shit. (exhales) Do we-- are we resting right now? Let's go right now. This is like the best rock tartare I think I've ever experienced. Taryon-- Buy the lot, Tary! Buy the lot! Good man! And I like Beastman shake him. Yeah! I'm great! I feel great. They're soul stone slivers? That's what they're fucking called? That's some-- man. You need to put a disclaimer on those. Bugs and bugs and bugs and bugs-- I cast black light! Tary. You look like yourself again. Tary. Tary. There are beds. And Keyleth goes and jumps up on a bed, and just starts jumping on them a little. As Keyleth jumps in the bed on the background. Mattresses are springy here! What?! I go with Taryon to puke. Yeah, what happened? What happened when that happened? That's really messed up, because now I'm hungry. (laughter) Oh boy. Oh god, my throat's a little tight. Yeah, can you give me like, a minute? Keyleth paces back and forth for about five minutes, and then goes, okay, I'm good. I'm great. Okay. That's pretty cool, yeah. We're going to scry on Hotis. I'm going to scry, using my 5th-level spell, not the Scrying Eye because I want to use my spell ability, and it's going to be awesome, and I'm not going to be hiding from a soul that I accidentally consumed. Let's add to Keyleth's guilt a little bit more. Don't say any of that. I've got to focus. You know, not something else I'd want right now, no. None of these things. Fifth. Son of a-- god-- Damn it to the Nine-- or Second Layer of Hell. All right. So, I'm going to try again. I'm going to-- we're in for the night, yeah? We're going to eat a Heroes' Feast. We'll be eating a Heroes' Feast, correct? Yeah! Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah! I'm going to do an 8th-level Scry. On Hotis. I also give it a good ten minutes, let him get distracted and forget that he, maybe, just got scryed on. Oh fuck, no. But it was in a prison underground, under the tower? Holy fuck! Holy shit! Yeah, that's true. Just tell me to go do something in public. That's all you need. All right. So, I'm remembering, it seems like Hotis might serve the devil of this realm, the leader, the president, as you have said a few times, Grog. Mm-hm, Dispator. Seems like he serves him, and is in a prison. You know what's fun, I feel like a lot of the things we were looking for this whole time are all underground. It's like an underground city. Man, this is terrifying. (exhales) Well, the good news is, once we find Hotis, it'll be super easy. The bad news is, finding Hotis? Super hard. Yeah, I'm assuming I translated. (gasps) Oh my god, oh my god! I have a weird feeling that this prison is run by Dis-- Lord Dispater himself. James Spader. It is. Or like Keyleth. I know, what a dick move that would be. So-- They keep a fairly close eye on their patrons. Hmm, I have a feeling there are more eyes on us here than we even realise. Yeah, and I make a Heroes' Feast. Yep. No windows. All right. Big money, no whammies! That's an eight for one, and the other, not as good. Ten total. I also, at the end of dinner say, I would like to raise a toast. To Vox Machina for going and being together all the way into hell and back. Well, all the way to Hell and-- Oh jeez. Yes! Of Tary-- Everybody, to Taryon Darrington! And with that, I do Inspiring Leader, my newest feat since I'm a leader. (laughter) Mine. This is why I'm a voice actor. And-- Yes, cheers to Taryon Darrington and his glistening armor and his flowing locks of golden hair. And I continue for ten minutes about Taryon Darrington. And his glistening boots of shining upkeep. And his-- Writing it all down. And then I give temporary hit points equal to my level, which is 17, plus my charisma modifier, which is nothing. So you get an extra 17 on that ten. Temporary. Well, because I would hope that with my, you know, Tary's golden locks of flowing hair and with my very impressive cape that I got, you know, for touring the world. Like a frequent flyer card. What?! No! You know what, Vex, I'm still, I'm still practicing. With his belt that is bejeweled and his very bedazzled pauldrons and his-- Very, very manicured cuticles. And I don't know what else to say for ten minutes about Tary. Don't ask me. Please don't ask me. I've also expended my 6th, 7th and 8th-level spells. It seemed like it was underground, almost spanning this entire city. We could possibly try and find a back entrance. I don't know. No, you're not. You want to come back-- Vax, Vax, Vax, Vax! You're not altered! You're not altered! Hey! Hey! I can do Alter Self at will, I'm just not the best person to talk to people. Are you? Is that Grog and Keyleth? Grog and Keyleth. Haven't done it for a while. Grog and Minxie. (laughs nervously) Yeah, I'm not saying I'd be a tiger. I'm just hearkening back to our team-up. Well, you know, it's what we call a call-back? You know, don't worry about it. You know, Grog and I can be very intimidating. Right, Grog? Yeah. We could go back to old-school days and I could always go Minxie. Little intimidation check? Yeah. Are going to change into something? Or are you just going to be totally oblivious that you're definitely not the people who walked in upstairs? And I can do it at will. Oh, jeez. Someone pick who goes down and talks. I feel like Grog. Percy and Grog! Go, go, go, go! Too much? Little much? Little overwhelming? Okay. Jesus. Oh man, buddy cop, go! Oh my god. He fucking teleported you guys away somewhere. Yes. Knew that. What's the catch? And why does he want this certain someone killed? I'm sure it's out of politics? All right. Business. A contract? But Tary's exclusive, he can't sign any more contracts! I mean, Barry! Barry's exclusive. (laughs) Barry Barrington! Barry Barrington-- (laughs) We definitely made a deal between ourselves before we came down here no contracts, no deals. Make a contract. But do we need help getting arrested? I'm kind of with Grog! All I have to do is walk out into the square and open my mouth, and then I'll get arrested. A couple of us go and get arrested-- And the rest of us can follow along? (whispers) It's like wearing the Ring, the One Ring. Dimension? I will say, having-- -- having Truesight, if anything has Truesight, like the archdevils-- I'm pretty sure they can see into the Ethereal Plane, with Truesight. But that's only the archdevils who might have it, but it is illusory magic, I'm pretty sure. 'Cause I think anything with Truesight can see into the Ethereal Plane, I think. Is it considered illusory magic? It is Transmutation. I mean, with Shapechange, I can change down to one of these little weird, eight-winged insects we've seen flying around. Get in. Yeah. The little insects that have we've been seeing flying around that might be little, tiny, very tiny imps, I don't know. Of whatever I change into. So if I get down there and I get caught-- I'll bamf into myself. So, the way Shapechange works, is whatever I assume first-- we need to clarify this later, not now, 'cause it's like whatever you had before, is what you have. So do you just have 1 HP the whole time, based on whatever you changed into first? Right, but if it goes down-- Sure. But it's whatever I had before. So I can't change into something awesome, then change into something less awesome-- -- and still have its hit points? Prison Break-style. It'd be so dramatic. Box Cockina. We can also always-- yeah, all right. Wait, what did we just agree to? We're taking this contract? It comes in pulses. Yeah. Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah, yeah. Archdevil or no. Hard to say. I'm getting the idea that maybe Hotis serves Dispater? Dis--? Yeah. Dispater. Yeah, kind of think he serves him, so we're kind of maybe going in to kill one of his literal secret spies. Think it's kind of what's going on. I mean, I can always Beast Shape there, then have Shapechange later. You know, I can do the whole be a flying squirrel in someone's pocket, like we've done before, type of thing. How easy is it going to be to kill this-- -- mysterious person? So, wait, we're expecting two of you to kill something pit fiend-ish level-- I-- what? What is happening? So we all kill the thing and then two of you get arrested and then the rest of us follow you? TALIESIN and We're all getting arrested now! What happened to like two of us getting arrested? We could try and just straight-up espionage-- -- stealth this. Prison assault, and I could do a Locate Creature, and we could just figure out where Hotis is and try and completely, yeah, prison break this. Without signing any contracts. I'm not saying full-frontal, I'm saying-- We're stealthy motherfuckers, right? Barry, is there any way that you can, like, (sighs) condense Doty? Put him in your po-- No? I'm really good. Okay? Really good. I know you're talking about you and your sister, but I'm really good, too. Just want to point that out. Fuck. Off. Percy. Fuck off. That had nothing to do with stealth. That had straight only to do with dexterity, which is not my strong suit. (sighs) Freddie. Fuck. No, they're not. I'm getting-- (whispers) But we could find out. Yes! Yes, I can! I 100% can! LIAM and I fucking cast Locate Creature! Level? It's a level two-- a level four spell. It doesn't do anything. What? And it has to be within-- But it lasts for an hour. It's a concentration spell. I can fly. I can look and fly. I could go right now and fly around while it lasts for an hour. Do a quick scout. With fucking Beast Shape by being like a beasty thing. Yeah. That's at-will. Yeah. I don't have to be a big fucking bird-- -- I could be literally a tiny fucking bird, or a succubus. If I am a succubus, though, it's burning my 9th-level spell and we're done for the night. What were the weird imp things that I saw flying around? The gold armor imps. There are things that fly here? I can go. Going to the window. Anyone stopping me? There's no windows. Anyone stopping me as I Alter Self and-- -- head towards the door? No? No one? All right, I'm going to go do a quick pass. (laughs) All right, all right, all right, all right, all right. I'm going to Shapechange. Level nine. I'm going to do a succubus. I know I've got a good look at them and they can fly. They're devils. And they're kind of rogue agents. I'm hoping no one questions this. Shit. Okay. Mm. Just-- quick loop. I, as the tiefling, walk out of the tavern, just very intent on my direction. As I walk out of the building, I take a left, hang down an alleyway, check over my shoulder, make sure no one's watching and then (fwoof) into a succubus and take off. Fucking hell. Just a straight-- oh, that's good, that's good. 20 total. No, no, 21 total. I forgot my proficiency bonus went up. Nope. I stop it. Yep, and I just kind of keep walking. Yes. I start blocking around. Peek over my shoulder. Do I get a glimpse on who they are? It's the dwarf again. 30 feet behind me? Are we alone? I'm still, I imagine, within range of the tavern? Just gonna say, I'm being followed so be on alert. Same dwarven chainy figure. No, just wait a second, I'll say Jenga if need be. I stop, about-face, and light up my hands and keep the hood up. And just say, I know you're there. What do you want, and who are you? Keep the hood up. Off-the-cuff, do they seem familiar? Any idea on who they might be? I say, do you want to tell me? You want to tell me who you are? 'Cause I don't have a lot of time to deal with this. Who's asking? 'I' could be referred to many people, including myself. So I am asking-- What do you want with him? I don't think you'd want me as tribute, so you'd best bet tell me what you want with him, because maybe we could strike a deal. Well, is this creature willing to make a deal? Because the white one belongs to me. Of course. (laughs) It's not really a-- Not great. Six total. (laughter) Where are we going? And if I decline? I'm sorry, I still didn't catch your name. Oh, what?! It's kind of a pejorative, you know. Do we need to know like-- what kind of "I"? Is this this royal "I"? The royal "we"? I didn't burn the spell, right? I stopped it, I didn't burn the spell, I stopped it. Right? Because I was like "Cancel cancel cancel", come on, man. I thought it didn't burn either. My passive perception? Pretty good. Shut up. 21. All right. Fucking hell. We're not slaves yet.