Someone's watching? My old stomping grounds. College days, yeah. It's 1200 am. So you know it's official. They do. Oh, snap. My last episode of Signal Boost is this Tuesday. Yeah, we rotate hosts out. Because it's like our favorite things and I don't want to have to-- Oh, thank you, Sam. Thank you. I'm glad my friends support me. Yes, yeah. I'm not letting it go. I'm still producing it. Do you want to host? Okay, I'll make that work. "Apparently." That's up to you guys. I don't think I can transport us out of here until we sleep. I'm going to go ahead and assist them, because I didn't use any 5th-level spells. Yes, Scan-lan? So regal of you, Scan-lan. I mean, my people have lived here for thousands of years. Sure, I mean, generally we're safe as long as dragons aren't smashing through the village, but I mean, if you have an alternative. You know, you've talked about it so much now, Scanlan. Is this a joke? Sure. Do you want to tell them? It is your humble abode. All right. Yeah, little peep holes. Keyleth just gets a nosebleed for no reason. She's not sure why. Let me go try and gather the rest of the Ashari. Can I get a plate of food from one of the ghosts as proof? I just pop out of the door and address the people. Aw, son of a-- Hey, guys, hey. It's okay. It's actually really nice. It's been rough, why don't we all take a night off and everyone come in and get some food. Take a night off. So it can't be the middle of a battle, sure. Like five cows, they each return with one? Grog, you just punched a cow in the face. I don't know. Okay. I don't know, I'm just chilling. I'm eating food. Relaxing. I'm not great at identifying what they are. I can generally be like, that's magical! But I don't know arcane things, only natural-based magics. Why? Keyleth just picks up her plate and awkwardly leaves. You're going to be one of those Segway assholes now! I'll be reading my alchemy book, because I have had so little time to catch up on my reading. We never do. Did you feed the dog? (gasps awake) Scanlan? On my door? Who is it? I open the door. Of course, please, Cerkonos. What kind of powers? Beyond those of druidic nature? Thordak? You acted within the good nature of our people, there's nothing wrong with that. How old was this girl when she came to you? And how old is she now? So she's 19, 20? And what was her race? She seemed human? What do you mean? What was her name? Are you referring to something in particular, Cerkonos? I shall keep an ear open for the name Raishan. If I hear anything about her, I'll send word. Thank you, Cerkonos. And I'm glad that you're still with us. Kaitiaki, Cerkonos. And I start poring through my notes for the name Raishan, because Keyleth believes she has heard that name before as one of the dragons, correct? One of the white-- --the green one. Okay, okay. Do I have any other reference, would I know anything else about that? Fucking bitch. Yes, they will! Crystal chandelier. Do you have wine and ale at the breakfast buffet? I'll have a mimosa. Schrodinger's Trinket. I had a really weird night, too. What happened in your... because, I mean, flight? No, I want to hear about your night. I want to learn how you fly. Vax, I think you were a bad influence. We used that in an emergency. What do you say, Percy? I think it's kind of funny. All right, that is pretty cool, Vex. That's pretty badass. Yeah, shoot some arrows! I reach on the table and I grab what I'm sure is a whole chicken sitting there. And I hold it up and I go-- Okay, Vex, ready? Ready, Vex? Vex? Trust. Trust Vex! Please, god, may your aim be true today, Vex. She did it! I hand the chicken to Scanlan. It'll take some practice. You know, beyond it being an engineering issue, it might be a greed issue first. Look-- It's phenomenal. It's been a long few weeks. I don't care. I don't care. We're never going to see Gern again. I have so many other things to care about. No! I'm just, it's been a long few-- Look. I don't care anymore. No! I just don't want you to die. I don't want you to die. I don't want you to die because of your greed. I don't care that you have-- You look amazing. Doesn't she look amazing? Well, that's phenomenal that you've come to terms with it! I don't know about the rest of us in the room that all watched you die, though. It's really cool. I don't care about the broom. Just don't get into trouble, I guess. You got out, you came out on top this time. It might not happen next time. All right. I think she's listening to me. I think I did. I don't care anymore. Oh, chicken! Yeah. Cerkonos stopped by. Not... As my elder. He stopped by as my respected elder. Do you all remember the name Raishan? Apparently she's our little infiltrator. She came to the Fire Ashari, she came to Pyrah, about four years ago, and the Ashari, being the adoptive people that we are, they took her in. They adopted a dragon. They do. They were unaware that she was a dragon. It makes her fairly close to Thordak, it would seem. Apparently, when she came to the Fire Ashari, she was about 15 years old, and... As a human woman. She was making it seem like she was 15, and they started realizing that she possessed powers far beyond anything that they had seen before, and then these powers began to exceed anything beyond our druidic capabilities. And it would seem that they realized that too late. Cerkonos said one day they woke up and the mountain was spewing fire, and was angry with lava, and when he went to investigate it, she was there, ripping open the rift. And that was when everything happened. When he came to consciousness, everything was destroyed, so that's all he saw. And she was gone. But we know where she went next. I was trying to skip exposition, I thought you guys could fill in the blanks. Thank you. I'll work on that next time. Raishan. I'm not sure. Don't trust anyone. And waffles. And one thing that this does confirm is that this has been a plan that's been in the process for a very, very long time. What was his name? Hang on. We need the Titanstone Knuckles of Kord, which Kevdak has. Odessa's mate is south of the Frostweald. You know what, Grog, it's been a while. Why exactly were you beat up and kicked out of your herd? Okay. So they might have a grudge about that. And I can also theoretically turn into a wolf to help us find things. I was talking as in-- You mean it's like at least six? Or possibly more than six? How fast actually is the reproduction process of goliaths? Yeah, this could be bad. This could be bad. How easy is that? Well, we need these vestiges. We cannot do anything without these vestiges. And don't we theoretically need the vestiges before we go visit Odessa's boyfriend? Sorry. But wasn't Pike and her grandfather the reason? Well, remember Westruun is under dragons right now. I can, but it's under dragon reign. In fact, isn't that where Raishan stopped off? Okay. And did we also want to check out the Cobalt Reserve which was in Westruun, or did Allura already handle that and we're cool? She was there and it looked pretty trashed. It looked like she grabbed a lot of the last of the good things. Just not that one time that we want to actually know. Do I remember any trees? Not my strong suit. A straight intelligence check? Nine. It's been a few years, you guys. After a while. I could get us close, or I could scry and look for a tree. Can I take time to do that? The closest destination. Would the Crossroads be good? Maybe get us to the Crossroads? But they've got wyverns policing, right, in Westruun? I'm going to assume. Let's do the Crossroads. We could theoretically run into your herd, though. To the Crossroads! So I would be going northeast from the Crossroads? Or if I wanted to go in the Bramblewood I would have to southwest to get to the Frostweald? Where's the Bramble forest? Let's go to the forest. Let's go to the Bramblewood forest. There's got to be some big trees there. I remember a few big trees. I remember admiring a few big trees in the Bramblewood forest. That was good. I guess it took me a moment to find signal. Okay. All right. We're good. I think I got one. All right, sorry, guys, this is as close as I could get us. Mist form. We could be clouds. How long would it take to get us in mist form? Should we turn into clouds and go? Yeah. I'm picking my spells because I haven't done that yet, but yeah. We'll poof! Wind Walk. Yeah. 16. Can't do anything right now. I guess so. We're in a corn field. Ooh! Natural 19. 36. It's a bigger problem. Does he see us? What type of people are they interested in? Then why did they take your daughter? Does he have patrols? Does he have wyverns working for him as well, that fly around? These people? Oh, no. Do they look like him, maybe? One of the dragons was green? And the green one kept going? Oh man. I feel like you all are talking like I normally do, and I'm talking like Grog normally does. This is such a weird day. What are we going to do right now? This is a coup on a grander scale than Whitestone that we're talking about. That's not a bad idea. Question. Could I work with Percy? I have Entangle learned today. Could we fashion a quick Entangle trap, where when the guy steps into it he'll be entangled? Or I could maybe just be prepared for it? I'll be prepared for it. All right. I'll just be prepped with it. And try and maybe keep a bit of a distance, because I'm going to be doing a trap here. It's going to be 20 feet. You don't want to be in it. Just step back, all right? (whoosh) I'm waiting for Percy's cue. 20 feet. It always works... Is it obvious? Me? 19. Natural 20, so 40. Actually, I have a stealth of seven. 47. Fuck. Vex? Grog, do you remember killing him five seconds ago? Oh no. You guys. You were conscious of that? Is it me? Very easily. Did we? Yeah, we won't look like crops. I use my Druidcraft to grow some flowers on top of the dirt. Great, so very successful trip. Stopping down. We can. Why would we not? And what are the rest of us going to do? Just wait? Me, Scanlan, and Grog? So why don't we just not go in right now? Do we still have Pass Without a Trace? 24. Does this appear to be goliath-built? So does it look pretty jerry-rigged? Yeah! He cast the protection spell on us! Now what? No, we're fucking clouds. 32. Not Reggie! What? Green lights? (panicked yelling) Oh! It's just me! (relieved) Oh! They've made really poky fences everywhere. I also think they're trying to be scary. Not that you're not scary all the time, Grog. I just think they're like, ooh. They really want to look tough, yeah. It's a nice house. Or if he does rounds to check in on people. Is Kevdak known to ever wander off by himself? Does he take interest in his subjects to where we could corner him alone? There also could be the issue of are they going to go looking for Horace? That's not a bad idea. What would bring Kevdak out? Grog? Question. Is your herd and Kevdak the type where, if you start getting the upper hand in this fight, will the herd move to protect Kevdak? So they'll honor a one-on-one fight? They'll honor that? They won't pull a fast one and swarm in when he's on his last leg? Do you want to be on a hilltop, like standing on a hilltop? Because we could arrange that. We know where Kevdak is, he doesn't seem to be going anywhere. Judging by the-- no, I didn't hear any of that. Look, could we hear Horace when he was interrogating him? Judging by the way Horace was speaking, it sounds like they're pretty settled in for right now. So we know where he is now. It'll give us a little bit more time to formulate our plan? This is your fight, Grog, we'll follow you in this one. Let's wait for Pike. Pike might even be an emotional trigger. The herd if they see her, maybe. That's true. They probably don't give any shits. Good point. We do, we can float on. If anyone asks where Horace is, what happened to Horace? Reginald. Ooh, shit! Grog! You're in New York. Can you stuff her in your suitcase while you're there, bring her back? Just commandeer her, she's tiny! She might be a little loud. Season break!