Discount code. I love that you called it a modifier! And Taliesin. High-five. There we go. Oh! Is it Skeletor?! Oh, this one's a small too, on this side. This is a rad shirt. This is Dragonball, right? Dragonball! You did. Yeah, I know, I was like, sounds legit. Sure. I'd believe that! Well, they might belong to Geek and Sundry, but. It's going to be all of us? No one wants you to leave, but you're leaving. And I have to get on with my life, is that what you just said? It's hard to think about 12 things that you legitimately feel passionately about. Oh, dibsies. It's like slapstick pizza. I don't know if I got a tooth count, either. Does it turn into a pearl? We have 60 pounds of scales left? (laughs) I want some black and white armor. How-- I want to work most of-- I want to take as much as I can-- How much did we put in? About how much is 500 pounds worth of gold? Maybe that's a better question? How much did you say was the total again? So 20% would be 15,000. Yeah, I agree. We would ask an entire town to come to a decision. Are we sure there's people capable in town to bring back all this money? That we trust? I can Stone Shape like a little. No, Stone Shape's permanent? Okay, Okay. Stone Shape's permanent, so I could Stone Shape a little cubby and put a little symbol over it so we know-- We have the Hunk of Quall. I'll go ahead and, here, I hand Scanlan the Hunk of Quall It finds things with magical essences. Here, do you want the Hunk of Quall? Do you want to hang onto it? Boo. Huh? I'm covered in-- I mean, I can-- Hang on, wait, Grog! Grog, come here. I cast Create Water and I fill the jug with water. Do you hear the ocean, Grog? Do you hear the ocean? I scoop up a little bit of dirt and I put the dirt in the jug. Dump it out. It's like a birthday cake shot? Dres Vina's spellbook? Abjurist Noja, that's right. See, I was going to say How to Win Friends and Influence People. Thank you, Scanlan. Thank you. I mean, I guess because I happen to be holding the vase at the time, sure. No you can-- you can have it No, you can have the vase. I'm going to continue eviscerating a dragon. Yeah, we can make a decent amount of armor with 40 pounds-- Yeah. Cool, cool, cool. Through walls and stuff, yeah. So what's that deal? I go to Scanlan. Scanlan? Did I hear you had a hot spring, or something like that? Or like a spa here? I feel like you'd have a spa-- Because I am covered in dragon bile. Not. no, no. Just, can you point me in the direction of the spa? Thank you! Is it a very fantastic bathhouse? I go over the comms and I say hey, Vex, Pike, I think I just found the new hangout spot for the ladies-- I'm in the third basement, come down! Oh, I mean. Shit! Uh. This is not Keyleth, this is another transmission you're picking up, it's-- I'll change the channel You look so intent. I love the hot springs, aren't they fantastic? (coughs) Oh wow, you just said a lot of things in a very short space of time. You know, we just killed a dragon. We just killed a dragon. Okay. So that's about as far as I got. I wasn't sure if I was going to, you know, live past that. I wasn't sure if he was going to live past that. I wasn't sure if you were going to live past that. Really, any of us-- Yeah we did, we did. Now there's three more. And I have a lot that I still have to do and still have to figure out about myself. (sighs) I'm afraid what will happen if I say yes. Maybe. Will you hate me if I do? You sure? Because I kind of thought you might for a very long time. Maybe we're not people who are allowed happiness. And what happens if I lose either of you? You've been to the other side. What did you see? Anything? Is there an afterlife? And death is a natural thing that happens with or without him. Do you believe in the gods? Do you believe that Vax actually serves Death? What do you think that means for the rest of us? You don't think we're just destroying everything, everywhere we go? (laughs) I don't know if I'm cut out to be a hero. (groans) I don't know about that. Maybe there's another time and another place where we don't have to. But now I feel like we do. I cast Breathing Underwater on myself and I just sink to the bottom of the pool and I just stay there for a really long time at the bottom of the pool. Alter Self! Yeah, totally! Gills. I can do that. Wha--! Ow! And I just let myself sink again (laughter) Wait! What are we doing? We're doing a cannonball contest? Oh sure. We've had a short rest, right? Okay. Acrobatics check? Not bad. 19. And in midair, I use my bonus action to turn into an earth elemental! I come out. Yeah! Can we refill the pool after each use? Is it magical enough to where we can refill the pool? Isn't this is detrimental to your health?! (shouting) Percy, no! I don't want any part of that. Oh, oh. Okay. Oh, that one brought tears. Vax? Yeah, you have to rub it on you. Does Pike want it? Oh, you? What was the name of that tome again, Scanlan? Uh-huh. No, keep telling me about myself, Scanlan, today. Sure. I don't want to-- what? I don't like wanting things. I don't care, you-- All right, we'll think on it. No. Oh, for the next century? Sure, I'll hold onto it for that long. Are we still old? It would have worn off, right? Between Pike and I-- He said, begrudgingly. What were you going to say, Percy? That's kind of my hesitance about it, I guess. I'm honestly kind of afraid of what kind of leadership things and influence it could possibly tell me. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. You can read it, Scanlan. That's true. I know, that's my-- actually, my only other regret is do we want to turn Scanlan into a charm nuclear weapon? Because that's what we'll be doing. He is. Tell me what kind of leadership things-- who wrote that, Scanlan? Tell me what kind of leadership skills Lao Tsu wants to bestow upon you. If there's any good ones, pass them along. All right. Sure. Tooth me. So I do the Vox Machina crest. And then "one down." Who speaks Draconic? From Westruun? Wait. What? Fassbender! But you have the circlet still. Is the gold pile trap still there? It's a dwarf? The fucking asshole that peaced out! I do the same. Keyleth takes a minute to Druidcraft some wildflowers around the pyre. Very important cannonball competition we had to get to. Is that with a C or a K? Okay. Kerr. I like it. And what's your position been in Westruun? Okay, before we start hitting him up for work. Probably. We don't know. That's not a lot. I think the dragons' motives have probably shifted by now, and where the dragons might not be interested in plundering anymore, instead might be interested in any city that we are in. But that's no secret! Scanlan literally hasn't said that to me in the entire three years I've known him. Kerr. You said you were an adventurer several years ago. Did you have a party that you traveled with as well? Would we happen to know any of them? Allura? Asum? But no one likes having their ass handed to them. We can't be everywhere at once. But that's not indefinite. They'll be back. But if all of the survivors are evacuating the city-- But he said some people were incapable of leaving. There might be elderly and sick here that can't travel. Hang on, hold the phone. Hold the phone. Yeah, Quall did want the circlet at some point. It's not necessarily ours to give away. Selfish, maybe. What were you going to say, Pike? We could leave it with Wilhand, actually. Yes, we remember. Did you send her towards refugees? But these people are prisoners here. They feel like they're prisoners in their own home, and that's not a home. Hey, hey. It's really important. I need to tell you right now. About that time I reach and grab Percy's hand before he leaves the door. Percy. Percy! This is giving me a lot of anxiety. There's a lot of people here. No. There's so many people calling us heroes. We're not heroes. No. We're not, we're terrible people. We're terrible people. Why are they telling us this? Oh, god. Oh, god, if I have to shake one more townsperson's hand. Oh, god. I feel like I was cursed. I was cursed. I don't want any of this. I don't want any of this! (hyperventilating) Hi. I'm Keyleth. Do you want to step outside? Okay! No, not enough. (groan) Does the nausea always happen? Is that always a thing? Maybe it's the fact that I feel like I've been lied to my entire god damn life, and it's all crashing down upon me right now. So druish. So yeah, you could say-- how about a little bit of column A and a little bit of column B? Yeah. Yeah. How did you deal with it? Really? Like what? Oh. I don't know exactly what you said. Sure. Right, yeah. Got you. I don't know at all what you just told me. I'm not going to lie. But I think I get the message. Yes! Jeez, you're like the first person-- no one else gets it. No, they don't. Is that it? That's it? We will destroy everything we touch? We will cause more harm than good? We will carve a path of destruction and make it seem like we're doing good, and then people will worship us because they think we're heroes, when in the back of my head I'm thinking about all the death that has come by our hands? Yeah, you know, Kerr, you're not really helping make me feel better about this. I'm not going to lie. So much thought. I swear I've gotten nosebleeds. Keep going. That's beside the point. Grog. Yeah. I so badly wish I could have what he has. So you're saying this is my curse? This is my duty? And what if the ultimate problem is that I feel like I've had zero control from the start, since birth? I didn't want any of this. I didn't want my abilities. I didn't know I was special until now. And I so desperately just want to be normal. I want to go back to being ignorance and bliss. Shoot. Okay. Thank you. Yeah, yeah. I give in. Yeah. Yeah. You know, Kerr. Even surrounded-- So Game of Thrones. Yeah, and my headdress is a little wonky. I was pretty much going to say that in character, but yeah, that's pretty much what I feel. No, no, that's-- I wasn't-- Yeah. Yeah. I tell Kern-- Car. Kerr. Care Bear. I tell Kerr, even surrounded by friends, I often feel so alone. Thank you for being a friend, even though we just met. It's crowded inside. Did you think we were going to-- Never mind. We had a bender. Yeah. Say water to the endless jug. I dip my finger in and take a taste. I cast a Create Water spell so we can all have some water. Yeah, we should have a big meeting, let them decide what they want to do with the rest of their fucking lives. I make a tonic out of the glissfoil that I had in my pouch from the garden back in Emon. Pass it out, a little hangover tonic. Yeah. Just a little crushed herbs and water, like a tea. It's fucking squatters. We only got a C on our general inspection rating. (laughter) I guess I could talk to them? Percy, a city is nothing without living people in it. A city is made up of the people that live inside of it. We have to protect them first. Which we can facilitate? Can we even say that these people are in-- And Kymal hasn't been hit yet? I'm afraid with each refugee we add to another city, we're only making it a larger target. And there's no point in rebuilding-- Why? There's no point in rebuilding right now when there's still three other dragons who will only come and go, 'Stomp, stomp, stomp! Dead!' They. Will. Yes, but you're also not a vain dragon who just had one of its allies taken out in this very city. These dragons are going to have a huge vendetta against Westruun now. I stand up on the podium. Um, sorry. While the terrible man and the terrible woman both absolutely have a point-- I look at the man who's off to side. I agree with you that finding your loved ones is most important. I believe we can actually maybe do a little bit of both here and solve both problems. Me, alongside with the help of other magic users, can help quickly build an underground bunker. And I would be willing to help escort any party to Kymal in order to help find your people. Whereas I do agree, to an extent, with Percy that we should not let Westruun fall to this, this city is only as great as its people. Uh. To Westrunn! Huzzah!? We don't want to rebuild a city that's going to be stomped by dragons in another three months! Honestly, if we take a couple days, I can make a pretty extensive-- Those we've lost? That's not what you were going to say. I don't really agree with immortalizing ourselves in stone-- --way before we're even dead-- If I complete my journey, it could be upward of a thousand years or more. Less than a hundred? If you're lucky. How long? No kidding. Not all of us are lucky enough to have a lineage in a name. Not many of us are lucky enough to have a lineage at all. I guess that is one thing we can both agree on. Yeah, no, you're probably right. Look at him. I guess this little guy is like the moment encapsulated. Hey, bud. Are these two things happening simultaneously? So we're all going to go? I guess so. You guys are going to need me to get back. Unless I can get you there, and then you can walk back. Fly there, walk back. Or you can-- I can mist form us, and then we can get there in how many hours? Teleporting is more fun. All right. Have fun, you gnomes! (magic crackle) High five! High five! Asshole. Yeah! Scanlan, you suck! (laughter) Well, Kerr, I'm certainly glad that you showed up in my life, in this time, when I am building this-- whatever the hell this is. Thank you. I put some Ashari decorative stuff around it. Totally. What's the flower of Westruun? Beautiful. It's covered in white irises. His name's Fassbender. And he's got an awesome mustache. And the bracelet's kind of just a bracelet, but I made it. It might be a friendship bracelet. It might say "friendship" in Ashari. If you go up by the funeral pyres, where we set the trap, you'll find him. Percy will tell you where he is. Just read the directions. I give Kerr a big hug. I'm going to miss you, Kerr. No, it's okay, you don't have to say it back. I'm sure I will see you at some point later. I hate you. No. I have to go to the water tribe of the Ashari. Why do you need to go back to Vasselheim? Right now? No, it's in the opposite direction. It's south of here. I pull Vax aside. Do you want to go alone? Do you want to go by yourself? Because if you want to go by yourself, say something, and we'll let you go. If you think this is something you need to do by yourself. Then say something. No, you didn't. To Vasselheim. To a far wooded area where magic is permissible, outside of Vasselheim. Patrick, my new best friend! Kerr Bear Share! It makes us feel like we're a grown up show now. We're a real Twitch stream with sponsors!