Your balance is probably a little wonky. Does anyone seem to be paying attention to us? So right now they're focused on the chaos of the temple? Well, hang on. Grog can't be far, right? No, he can only be a thousand feet away. They used the spell Dimension Door that Tiberius has. Well, I remember the gods on high telling us last week that we recognized the spell that was used. Aw man, I feel that comes back to bite us in the ass later (nervous laugh) because he is still conscious, right? I'm going to go ahead and cast Pass Without a Trace on the party. That's been a kind die to you. 13. You still have plus ten to the roll because Pass Without a Trace. 22. No. I am exhausted. I can't do anything else right now. I can make another Hallucinatory Terrain. I can do that still. Can I make it to where it just looks like a wall? I think Hallucinatory Terrain lasts an hour, if I think about it. Books, books, where's my book? It lasts for 24 hours. It's not a concentration spell. It just takes a minute to cast and it lasts for 24 hours. So I'm going to go ahead and cast it and make it look like there's just a wall with another lava flow that's come out, and is starting to happen. Wait, was someone not inside? Wait, here's what I'm afraid of. If we sleep we could lose Grog's trail. He could be nearby right now. You are shitting with us, right?! I can use my beast sense; that is one more thing I can still do. I could theoretically-- We could use Trinket. But that the only time you can do that, right? We have to find Grog! Okay. Theory? Proposition? Proposal. What if we use your Hunter's Mark, figure out where she is, get there, camp out nearby, tackle it in the morning? Wait. Are they in an underground base? So we're on the same level as them or are they above us? I have a theory. I've a new skill that I've recently learned and was practicing a lot when I was with the Earth Ashari while we were gone for the past six months. They taught me the ways of the earth elementals. So. And as an earth-- but I am still new at it. Thank you, Pike. Thank you. I mean I am a little self-conscious about it still, but I can travel through the earth. It is not a burrowing thing, right? Just me. But I could get inside. Well, I am not talking about right now. If we do some sort of flanking thing. I am wondering if we can make a tunnel, though. I can theoretically-- okay, theoretically we could rest and I could keep all of my spells and use all of my magical focus to tunnel us out, depending on how far we are going. We can do an underground approach Yeah. But what if they leave while we sleep? Okay. All right. I'm so mad at him. Why'd he get stolen? I could help you with some natural mediciney stuff, maybe. Is there anyway I could assist her? Possibly? That way we can sleep on it. I start building a positive chi. Like a healing chi ball. I light some sage. Is this what I can maybe assist her with? We could just own it and call you-- Well I was going to say Vax the Nine-Toe. We can get you a prosthetic little toe that has a little compartment for poison. Or a brass claw toe. That's fun. Maybe we could get you a raptor claw. That's cool. Once again, are you afraid they're going to take him while we're asleep? Is this a genuine concern? Is this something we should move on now? Are you congratulating us for being murderers? Is that what you're doing right now? Are you suggesting now that we control the wills of the deities? That's mighty bold and presumptuous of you. I do show respect, Lady Kima. I show respect when I feel that respect has been earned. Lady Kima, I am not saying that what we are doing here is not just. I only wish that you understand-- and I humbly thank you for your appreciation and thanks for coming down here to rescue you. But you are correct. We have lost a friend. Someone who we have been through a lot with, way more than we have been with you. So. Before we start boasting congratulations and you start thanking us, why don't you wait? And we'll see what happens when we all get out of here first. All I'm saying, Lady Kima, is that after what we have done and what we have been through and the lives and the blood that even I have on my hands, you had better be worth it. Lady Kima, I only hope you do not eventually become what you fear so much. Good night. I turn into Minxie form and go off in the corner and curl up in the corner. We have to pick them for the day, right? Yeah, hang on, got to think about this. I go and cast Pass Without a Trace on us. I put Stone Shape in my Ring of Holding last night with my unused spells. I meant to tell you that last night. (softly) Stealth check. You have plus ten. 33. Does it look to be natural, done by an animal? Or does it look like people with weapons? Ten. Could I do a nature check to see if I would know of a creature that could do this? Ooh. 26. Something tentacle-y though. Nothing ever good is tentacle-y. Wheel tracks? Their width is consistent? And they seem clean? Yeah, sounds like they have him on, yeah, a trailer. Things. What? So it's like a pebble ball pit in front of us? Does it look like there-- Can I do a nature check to see if this is an old lake bed? Like there is a river bed? I rolled a 16. Chunks? Okay, so there appears to be-- are there any whole pieces of bones? Big femurs or skulls? What?! So we're on the right road. No! No, I'm not touching that. Nope. Okay, here's my idea. We've got that immovable rod. I don't want to touch this. I feel like we should go over it. There's no way to avoid it. I mean, I could wall of-- bend us a stone wall that's and we could just walk along the path. But it goes only so far. The side? And then we walk along that side? Yeah, we could do that, right? I can go 120 feet. I can make about 120 feet wall. Maybe we can fashion-- Can we fashion snow boots? Okay. Sure. I use Stone Shape and I bend down and make a big circle where I am. Carve out a little cylinder with Stone Shape. Disc. Maybe you could just levitate Trinket behind? Can we make him weightless and then tug him along with the rope? We can't do that? (gasps) Oh! We're done! We can do this! We polymorph Trinket! We polymorph Trinket! Maybe it happened in the fight. And I go (floop), and I make him a kitten. What kind of kitten? He's a Persian kitten. Well, he's so cute. Let's get on the Wonkavator, everybody. A hundred pounds for the rock. Fuck that guy! In eagle form, I'm going to do a nice high soaring lap. I know! It's okay! I'm going to use my-- I'm soaring high. It's an easy breeze. We're on the people mover. Okay. And I'm going to use my keen sight to see if I can get a good... (pew) I was going to say we should try and avoid him. Poop monster. Do we? Yeah, are we going to use the levitating thingies? Levitating thingies! Makes us look cool. Eight. Team Eight. Team Single Digits! On who? Here's my question. Is this all happening still over top of the bone pit? Okay. (cheers) Did it do any damage? We need to get off this floor real bad. I'm not. Hell no. I'm doing the eagle glide. Whatever. (laughs) Keyleth does a little dip really quick. Makes Scanlan a little nervous. Clarota! Okay. I caw-caw closer Yeah, there's good. Shit, can't cast any spells unless I land. I'm going to have to drop down. Can I perch on one of these stalactites? Can I drop off you guys? And I drop them off really quick. I'm going to turn back into Keyleth holding onto the rock. But I'm still on the rock. I still want to be on the rock. Wait, I'm not done! The laser pointer's dead. Now I'm going to make a wall of stone. Wait, is there someone in the way? Is there somebody behind him? Is that Vax? LIAM AND Damn it, Vax! Shitballs. All right. I'm going to do Grasping Vine, then. No, I should make us a dance floor. I'm going to make us a dance floor, then. I'm going to do a wall of stone. How concentrated can I do my wall of stone, actually? Can I do a wall of stone to where it's doughnut-shaped? Where there's a hole in the middle? And now I make a wall going across the top? A horizontal wall? Dope. So, I'm going to make a doughnut-shaped dance floor, and I'm going to make a hole in the middle to where he's still in the middle in the bone, but we're all on rock. Around this area. Underneath us. I'm making a dance floor. I want everybody-- I can't get Pike? Well, as much as I can do, but I want to make a nice hole to where he's still-- I'm going to boost up Pike. She's halfway underground. Except for douchebag. Shoot twice into the face of the asshole, Percy. Pike is just an inspirational poster today. Like, it's okay, we can do it! That's all it takes. (laughs) Because she's an independent woman. Pike's not the only one cashing karma points. Even with disadvantage? That's good. Son of a bitch! Who all is on the dance floor? All right. Seeing Lady Kima slowly getting taken under, I make eye contact with her. What? Okay. And I make a Grasping Vine from that stalactite over there. Yes. And I'm going to take it and wrap it around Lady Kima and try to yank her out. Around her waist. Not her neck, again. Yeah. (all laugh) Just wanting that out there. I'm trying not to hurt her. Just adding my wisdom? 20. Total. Can I leave it to where it's holding her up, to where it's not touching? Can I take a bonus action to shout at her? Be like, "Calm down Kima! Jeez!" Yes! No, I'm still on the stalactites. I haven't moved off the stalactite! I'm straddling it. I'm riding that stalactite Riding it side-saddle. All right. Ooh! 24. Jeez, Kima! Stop! This is hard already! Rock climbing check. Yeah, he just dies! What? Wait, its blindness wore off? Oh, poop. I'll save Trinket. So he uses his spell attack bonus, I'm assuming? Don't be stupid, Kima! She's been stupid, all right? I don't like her. Seeing that Clarota just grappled him, I'm like, "All right, cool. That's good." And I'm going to use a Grasping Vine from the other stalactite and grab Trinket and see if I can-- Okay. Around his waist. Yeah. Nope, that one. What is it? Oh, will? 20 again. It's a standoff. It's tug-of-war. Grab onto the vine! Okay, I pull the bear out. Can I take my Grasping Vine and I want to reach out and grab the elven man real quick. Yeah? And I want to throw his remnants back onto our dance floor. I'm going to loot this corpse real quick. See if I see anything with this. With this corpse. Does anyone want to help me? Who's got better investigation? TALIESIN AND Ugh, yeah. Scanlan! From somewhere in the torso? I think it's for you, Vex. Let's get out of here. Want to go see? Take a short rest there. Just a short one. Just a short rest, yeah, so I can recharge my animal changes. Yes, they are. They did, yeah... Thanks for all your art, Meghan. Your art's great. It does. Thank you Tony! (shouting) UselessRogue! We've been there in retail, and we feel your pain CritKarma! (laughs) Thanks, GeoNerd! Thanks, Poltergeist. Geekandsundry.com. Yes. CheeseBug! Interesting. Everyone, Matt and I recently did another Hot Pepper Gaming video. Another Hot Pepper Game review, so, go check it out on Youtube at HotPepperGaming. They're super fun. Chat room should start pressuring these guys to all do one. He's done one before. They made an emote for Ashley? What is it? Wait, I want to see it! Pull up the chat room! Astronaut Ashley! (laughs) Wait, there it is! Oh my god, that's amazing!