So one of the things we were actually talking about doing, so we'd like to give a shout out to the person who made this, big shout out to @RuzGofDi. Thank you! For doing this. A lot of people have been asking for shirts. I don't know if you guys maybe would be into that or not. So we thought maybe we would wear these, see what you guys thought. But if you guys are into it, we thought about doing a limited run of these and making this the first of our fan-designed t shirts. First of many. Every once in awhile we'll have fans submit designs and then we'll pick a winner. Each one will be a limited run. So if you guys will like this, let us know, and maybe we'll make it happen. Yes, and there might be some stills of that to order. Let us know in the chat guys. Rupees! They’re hefty, too. I kind of want to throw them at people across the room! You're all glisteny! A gentleman's offer, yes. That's what we'll call it from now on. Roll. Roll. Roll. (singing) Your favored terrain! 15. Wait...under the magma? Oh, right. I'm actually gonna go ahead and cast Pass Without A Trace. (whispering) It makes us really stealthy. They're nice shadows. (laughing) We've got a really large amount. Classic Trinket. 16. (quietly) Can we not just hide? We'll all hide. I go ahead and cast Guidance on Vax. Let me see, it might just be-- No, sorry, you don't have my guidance. No guidance here. Oh, yeah... (laughing) Did I do something good? What are they? Oh! That's fun. Thank you. Bulé. It’s French, yeah. I had a grandmother who did, okay? Wait, what was the first color? I was still laughing at Percy. What? (laughing) Red, okay. What did you do? (all laugh) Can you roll a persuasion against a critical fail? Can you? Can you persuade a crit fail? (laughing) Can you persuade the DM? An arm? You walk up in this terrain. Take it. Gems. I still have Pass Without A Trace up. Which gives everyone a plus 10. 23. Three failures? A one is two failures? (whispering) What? Oh, yay! That's fun. Oh shit. There's a lot of things that can do this, actually, to be fair. Oh! So the duergar-- --have this as, like, their pets? I'll do that. Oh, well, I'll stop there. Poor basilisks. Can never make eye contact. It's been there for a while. We're rolling again? Wait, I thought it was behind-- (laughs) I can handle this, I think. I think I can get us into that trap door. I can. I was thinking I could either do - that's not a bad idea, or I could - That's actually not a bad idea. (all laugh) Or I could, or I was thinking I could cool off the magma and we could break it. Well... Are they are they unable to be shot out? Can you not arrow them out? How high are they? I'm just afraid if you go up there, that you're going to alarm yourself to other people. Sorry, what are we doing? I mean if I took eagle form I could drop you and then I could just pick one up with my eagle talons and in the lava they go. It does seem very dangerous and reckless. I'm keeping my Pass Without A Trace up. I'm going with you guys. Wait, what? Yeah we are, we are. Well, if they miss they miss the lava pit, we've got Grog. Eagle form. Jump on my back. Or I can give you a ride. Are you coming too, Pike? So wait, who's all going? Just those two? Are you guys going to fly on me? Why are we using the gnomes to throw people over? Isn't that loud? But I'm pretty sure it's still thunder. Yeah, it’s getting real romantic real quick, Scanlan. So sexy. I run across to the other one and Thorn Whip him from across the lava pool. Oh. Well then, is there anyone on the other side? He’s on the same side as me? Is he standing up or...yeah! Yeah, can I just run and push? (grunts) Hunh! (laughing) Yes, exactly! (all laugh) This is the meanest thing I’ve ever done! LIAM & Oh, thanks for bringing that up, Vax! (all laugh) Oh, I thought it was Vex and Vax. Every time I get confused. I get them confused. See, no one else has any idea! (laughing) Two years, and I just don’t. Oh! This is for that kid! It could be worse. 14. I say, shh! Shh! Shh! And I wind down to push him under the lava! I’m sorry! I’m sorry! (laughs nervously) Wait, what’s happening? Okay, I cast Wall of Stone, but right over top of where I see that lip. But I don't want to bring it out far. Just like, halfsies. Just the tip. So it goes like magma flow, here's the wall, I want it to go - (grinding noise) (laughing) Go kill it, just punch the door! He was waiting. What? Go up? I want see how they fare. (dejected groan) Come on, Vex. Tiberius, have you gone? Oh right. Oh yeah, that's a good idea. We're a party of 7 people just like, “Aw, damn it, you!" It inverted. That's what I always get mixed. Pew pew. Damn it! What is wrong with us? That's pretty cool. (laughing) Yeah he has. Oh, that's nice. That's pretty. You do! (all laugh) Yeah. A portion of our proceeds, or whatever our donations are, go to 826LA. They are an after-school tutoring program that help children between the ages of 5 and 18, mainly with literacy and creative writing and they have this awesome program where it's a young authors thing. You can buy all their books and their stories, and you should totally check them out. A first Impression of Keyleth would leave you with little information on the half-elven druid. You might even think that her social awkwardness due to her sheltered upbringing is kinda sweet. (chuckle) Of course, it would be unwise to underestimate her based on first impressions. (thunder crack) Under that unintimidating petite frame is a vicious beast waiting to be unleashed, whose natural powers have made even the fiercest of champions pee their pants, literally! (soft chuckle) Born to the Air Tribe of the Ashari people, Keyleth was raised with a deep love of nature and the elemental magics. It is her people’s inherent duty to protect the delicate areas in Tal'Dorei where the four elemental planes begin to bleed with this realm. Since she was a little girl, she had quite a knack for air manipulation and beast shaping abilities. Well, if you consider kittens and flying squirrels to be little beasts. Which, I do. (clears throat) Anyways, it wasn't long before the headmaster of the tribe, her father, Kohren, realized her true prodigious abilities and she was inveterated to succeed him as the next headmaster. Just like that, her jovial childhood was stripped and replaced with endless spell memorization, teachings from ancient traditions, and exceedingly high expectations. Every druid leader-to-be must embark on journey to seek out the sister tribes in order to introduce and establish respect amongst the fellow headmasters. They call this the Aramente, or Noble Odyssey. When her father felt she was ready, he set her on the path to truly discovering herself. Not knowing when, or if she will ever return. As she hiked down the mountain towards Stillben, she meditated on the task ahead. Part of the Aramente is proving yourself a strong warrior, a valiant protector, and a wise and compassionate leader. With this knowledge, one thought plays in repeat in her mind Is she even worthy? Are you okay? Who is it going to? Oh. We don't know yet. Yes, let us know if you want them. Only if you want them, though. This is going to be a lot of work. We don't want to do it unless you really want them. God damn. Marigold. Is that how you pronounce her name? Doo-gara-gar? Uhura. I don't know! What is her name? Seriously, what is her name, now? What is -- ? Ulara. (giggles) Uladra. Right? Hmm. I wonder why. (laughs) We're just losing all attention span? Is that what's going on? We're just wandering off. It's okay. Let him do it by himself. It's what he does best. I know. It's okay. Before they leave I just tap their shoulders and meditate and grant them Guidance. Uh, Vex. Fuck. Yes. (everyone laughs) Vax. Are we going down? 17. Woo! We’re stealthy bastards. I'm actually going to go ahead and throw Guidance on Pike now. It gives you a plus on your ability checks. And it gives you a 1d4 plus to your-- (several talking at once) I'll go in with Tiberius. Yeah, can you unlock the prison cells? I pull out a water. I'll do the opposite one. I jump in the cells and I pull a dead, decomposing corpse over the top of me. I’m going savage! (all laugh) Just kicking it, just chilling. I call, “Trinket, Trinket, Trinket (kissing SFX) Trinket!” (kissing SFX) Come on. I know. 18. Oh! That's fun! It's cozy down here. Okay, so with the dead body, I hear what's going on - we're roleplaying it up! I morph into Minxy form. And as I morph into Minxy form, I take the dead body that's on top of me and just pick it up with my mouth. Oh, why?! It was supposed to be - I wanted the dead one. Can I drop that one and find a dead one? That's fine, that's fine. I know! I try so hard, you guys! I try so hard, I'm still the fucking worst! Um, it was... Keyleth tries. Keyleth tries so hard. Fuck you man, all right? I'm having a tough day. Vex brought up the fact that I killed a kid. I’m having all these memories coming back, I'm on the brink. So I've got this now-dead corpse in my mouth and I come out around the corner. I'm a tiger so-- Can I have an advantage? Oh, I rolled a 15. Plus being a tiger? I'm pouncy. And I come out into the hallway. Move! It's not me, it's the dead body. And I look at the dwarf. No? Can I shift to see him at all? I look at Grog and I foam at the mouth a little bit with the corpse and I-- --I encourage violence. (all laugh) Just gnawing on the dead dwarf. Does he get advantage because we're all encouraging violence? (growling) And they say video games are violent. (all laugh) I go up to her, still in my Minxy form, and I rub on her legs. No, I dropped the body. While she was talking, I took the body, and I drug it back, and I buried my shame. (all laugh) And I purr. (laughs) It's calories! First place, for how fucked-up we are. Perfection! (laughs) (screams) People with kids. You deal with this all the time. Everyone's giving her inspirational talks. What? No. What time is it? I thought we just got started? Yeah, we have ten more minutes. Isn't Kima a dwarf? Halfling? You're going to go Sweeney Todd all up in this shit. Pain in the ass, Lady Kima. Pain in my ass. Yeah!