Yeah, we have updated stuff. The main thing that has changed on the Spire of Conflux is that I now gain plus one bonus to spell attack rolls and my spell save DC increases by one. Yes it is. And yeah, and as always, 826LA is amazing, and there might be a local branch in your city, I know there's one in San Francisco, I know there's one in New York, I know there's one in Chicago. Yeah, it's amazing. Did you ever listen to any of the first playlists that we put out? Thank you for your click on the Geek and Sundry website, I guess! You. Yay! Stocking stuffers. And it's all embroidered. Okay. They're all going to the city. Are we still down by the ziggurat? Are we going to have a meeting spot outside of Emon? We should probably have a plan. So we probably want different regiments flanking the city in different areas? Percy, do you still have that map of Emon? That he drew the short straw. We drew the short straw for him. Once again, Percy, I feel like that's small picture-- 24 hours left alive! They're redirecting to Emon. Uh-huh, yeah, it's a giant balloon in the air-- I always think of it as a high-tech Hindenberg. Wait, have we rested? And then we teleported. No, Allura brought us here. Hang on, I can scry on our keep. We're not really in good standing with them. You think? I guess. Sure. It's like seeing that person you hated in high school after something terrible just happened. Happy for the familiarity. Sure, and it's a little gratifying? It lasts for 24 hours. This is the worst of two extremes. Is anyone still there? Wasn't it Drexel? Dranzel? We have friends of our own. Okay. Hang on. Let me scry on the keep. This will answer plenty of questions, and then we'll go from there. Did we leave Laina there? Did we leave anyone there, or is it completely vacated? I can't scry on a building, correct? I can't scry on a building. Can I scry on a plant? One that I've had personal communications with. That's what I want to scry on. I want to start there. You know how it's always, "you zoom in really fast, and you zoom in really fast--" Can I slow down? I can't pull focus? It's the worst. Okay. Where? Not near the ziggurat, if we're still there. I like presents. Do the trees look overgrown? Do the plants look overgrown? And the temple is intact? It looks like the keep is still intact from where we rebuilt it? Do I sense any movement? I rolled two ones. Both ones. I'll say that's just flushing it out. I hate it when the VR goggles short out. (laughter) Shit. Good scry, guys. Good scry. It's still standing, for the most part. I saw Pike's-- wait, her celestial being wasn't still there. Looks okay. Looks like home. I couldn't tell. Burned. I told you to get a fire box. Where's Kash? Kash was really mad at us last time we talked to him. I talked to him last time. You guys are forcing me into going and talking to Kash, aren't you? Scanlan? We got armor out of it, though. It's not like we didn't get something from it. I go find Kash. You had one job, pit crew. Buy her a drink first. I try not to step on any cracks in the sidewalk on the way. It's very important. He's on the outside? Oh shit. I drop to one knee and start tying my boot. I start retying my shoe. Oh my god! Kash! Whoa, I didn't see you there. Sorry, I've had something in my eye ever since this scrying spell earlier. Shit's been blurry. Yeah, no. You're clearly in focus now. Hi. Hey, how's it going, man? Okay, Kash, I'm sensing a little bit of underlying aggression. Okay, look. I know we fucked you. Look. (stammers) I'm trying to think of what to say. Please help us! We're going to die, and we need you. I'm sorry! Okay, you know how we've been hunting down those dragons? We've been doing an okay job, because we've killed a few, but now there's the big one that's left, Thordak, and then we might be working with the one that killed all my people, if you remember that there was one that killed them, so now we're working with her, and we're gathering an entire army, and we need as many talented and charming and gifted people that we can get, so I thought-- I'm really sorry we made you be an errand boy. I didn't vote for that, by the way. I was trying to-- Why did you bring back Vex? Maybe Vax will kill you if you don't help us. That's not true. You did it because you're a good person. You ultimately want to see change in the world. I know you do. And I know you care, even though you pretend like you don't. So that's why. Kash, that's not the type of change-- there are better ways to bring change than through death and destruction. Everyone, and then Zahra. Wow. Should have led with that. All right, let's go. This way. Glad I spilled my soul and everything, and I just splashed coffee in my face. Come on, Kash. Come on! That's right. You're the prince of Whitestone. Can't you tap some taxes or something? That's massive. Don't mix your darks with your clears-- Pick one. Plug. It's the sword. No, but he has resistance to physical damage, and if he takes a potion of fire resistance, is he pretty much covered the same way if he's raging and has a fire potion? Yeah, we've been using them We tried. We put them all in a pile... (laughter) Yeah. There are other Vestiges, too, that are out there. If we have plenty of potions, I'll take it so I don't have to use a concentration spell. There's also the discussion-- Are we going to try and lure Thordak out of his lair as a challenger? Yes, but we can also try and formulate at least a vague plan, so that we all don't die within a single-- All right, okay. Let's build off of what Kash has. Hang on, hang on. He's right. We have two dragons. A whole other dragon. I told you we were going to die if we didn't have you. Right, yeah. It just seems so highly defeatist to already plan for-- you know, defeat. Okay. Then we need to talk about the forces that are going in. More armies are talented than others. Then we need to get this plan to him. So we're going to have waves of assault from one position, have other people flank in from another position-- I think we need to meet with the general, like, tonight. Right now. Yeah. I feel like you can't really scribble an elaborate battle plan in a 25-word message. But the Message spell that Allura is using only allows for very minimal conversation. It's not exactly-- She can't have a full-blown conversation with them. Yeah. A hundred percent. Well, it blows a spell. What time is it? Do we know exactly where the Syngorn army is? How far away from-- Kima. She's in the fray. Wow, that's awesome. We were curious if you knew the location of the Syngorn army? Do you know the status of the other armies? Their air force is also giant wyvern beasts. Do we know how many spellcasters are in the Syngorn army? We need to figure out how many spellcasters. They can throw down long-range, large, covering spells. All right, hang on, how about this? We know that they're to arrive in Emon by the afternoon. We can just try to connect with them in the early morning and march in with them, then split when we get closer to the gates. Rad. I'm still concerned we don't have enough air support for the 500 wyverns. Yes, well I'm thinking-- I wasn't wanting to necessarily tap into this resource unless necessary, but I think it's necessary. I can contact the Air Ashari and have them specifically on air support. I can contact my father at the Air Ashari. Can you message Korren? Oh, shit. Uh-huh. Yeah, right. Yes. Because we're not leaving until the morning now. Sure, yeah. Oh man (gasps) who wants to go see my hometown, you guys? Okay. You know what? I wasn't looking at you, Scanlan. Okay. I can show you where I went to school! Is Allura coming with us, too? I thought she was. She doesn't have to. Okay, come on, Allura, let's go! It's great, we have these really great crepes that we make. It's like our hometown special. Okay, okay! I mean, we're Air Ashari, we don't have to live in a hellscape our whole lives! Come on, we control it, it's great! (sighs) Doesn't it smell good? It smells so fresh up here, you know? You don't have to deal with the pollution down there. Oh look! Over there, that's where I learned to shapeshift into a squirrel for the first time-- Yeah no, then let's start walking! Okay, yeah. And over there was the first time that my dad taught me how to fly. He just pushed me off the cliff--! It's a quiet mountain town, everything closes at like five, it was actually annoying growing up. I told you it was remote! 14 total. Do I know what that is, is that normal? Oh, that's a person! (laughter) Oh, it is normal for me? Oh, like a--? Yeah! Dad! What's wrong? I mean, I guess you could say it was going to be passing in that we don't have a lot of time. We're here to ask for help, for the Air Ashari's aid. Why do I sense trepidation in your voice? You sent me on this path to prove myself worthy and a hero. I'm following what I thought you wanted of me. I will continue my duties as I promised from the beginning. As those supersede being your daughter. And I am here for unfortunate reasons, and I wish I wasn't. We need the best. We need as many of the top soldiers that we have. I'm looking at you, at my people, for air support. There's about five, maybe six hundred, maybe even more wyverns covering the city. So far we don't have a lot of options. I was hoping maybe some of the best nature manipulators could create a hazardous storm ahead of time? See what we can do to take out as much in bulk. I know, I got educated! Tomorrow afternoon. Oh shit. We have flares. (laughter) We're spitballing this as we go, dad. So we can work on a sign together, right? I can do that. Okay. The Syngorn army. With all due respect, if you have seen through their illusion, does that mean-- I'm sure many of Thordak's spies could do the same? Yeah, me too. Are you going to come as well? Okay. This is Vax, by the way. Yeah, you have. He came with me. So--? Yeah. See you tomorrow, I guess? Yes. I just give him a big hug in response. I miss you, Dad. You have my word. I won't let you down. Are these the new models? They've really upgraded them. Have I been gone that long? Well, they look great! Okay, all right, okay, bye. Yeah, we should. Yeah, that's right. Sorry, I should have introduced you, I guess. Sorry, I got distracted by talking to you as my father and not as Allura! That was my dad, let's go. When we come back, I'll have to show you the first time I-- Ooh! (laughs) It's a power play, I love it! And by ASAP we mean as soon as we get out the other 20 packages we need to get out and then you're in the queue! Welcome to being in line. I didn't want this. I just got out of the shop. Just got out. Every J-RPG. And I'm going to go ahead and attune to my cape, instead of my ring. Yeah, I go up to Vex, and go why-- Why is this happening? Is this happening for, like, a-- Did they tell you-- Did they tell you the reason? I can tell-- I've been with you for a long time. I can tell when you're lying to me. Now you're patronizing me. I didn't know how badly I wanted this until now. You're about to fight a fucking dragon! You're fighting Kash! I need to roll really fast to recharge my Spire. So I'm going to do that, real fast. It goes all the way up. It is full again. I rolled four plus four. Wow. Yeah, that's what I was thinking about! I will be able to find out when we scry. If not, we'll have to talk to Allura. I'm going to scry real quick! Scrying Eye. Can't hide from my scrying eyes. Your dad. What's his name? Syldor, okay. Happy and healthy and comfortable by a fire. No, he's not with the army is what I mean. Oh shit. I thought he was going to be with the army. Okay, I'll scry again. Allura, do you know where they are? Can I help her a little bit? The problem is it generally has to be a tree that I'm familiar with. It doesn't work that way. Can I? That's an excellent question, can I? Like if I go with Allura and then open a gate through the Sun Tree, and they're just ready to rock. Oh, damn it. Fucking lost my Sling Ring. Hey! I'll do that. Does anyone else want to go, just in case? Where's Raishan, though? Vax, please, don't-- All right. I called in assistance from the Air Ashari, from the north. They're maintaining the skies. Did dad tell me how many? Oh, shit. Thanks, dad. Roughly a hundred. That's right, when you were looking for Kaylie. And we know Thordak has made an underground basin. He only emerges when someone challenges him, or offers their loyalty. And we can't trust anyone within the city limits. The Ashari are already looking for a symbol. I plan to be aiding them. They should be helping us with-- Well, there will be a storm. See? Told you. Well, I've got my whole Skywrite thing. I've got my whole Skywrite thing; I can make a symbol in the air out of clouds, which isn't as terrifying as everyone has thought it is in the past. We just need to pick a symbol-- It's a-coming man. It's coming. Look for-- Keep your eye on the sky. There will be a symbol. It will be super obvious when it's determined. You'll be like, "Oh, "of course, it couldn't have been anything else". When you see it. Don't know what the fuck it's going to be. It could be a big "VM" for Vox Machina, I mean like you know-- We could be like, Now! Fucking attack! Oh, natural 20! Really? Eh! Natural 20 bros! Fuck you. (coughing) Sorry, I so inhaled my spit, keep going. (coughing) I'm still dying for a second. Go on, guys. Is your poop still around? Try it on the day. I'm all right. I still have a couple. If I could have a fire potion? I load up Grog's camelback with healing potions. We're going out like we came in! LIAM  We're in a little tunnel passing things up and down in a little single file. Kash, pass the trail mix. Pass it all the way back. Do we? What time is it? What time of day is it? How long has it been? Is it almost up? When did we eat the feast last night? About this time? Are we about to expire or can we push it? Was it a midnight snack? Are we making an above-ground jump to the underground tunnels again? How far is the tunnel jump? How long do we have to be above ground? I'm asking because I might be able to make some holes in the wall to cut us into other tunnels and not have to go above ground at all. 20 minutes?! That was to the entrance to the Clasp, not the entrance to the sewer system, right? Yeah, it's very appropriate. Yeah, what's up, 2014! Shut up. You also rolled a one?! You both rolled fucking ones? Move fast. He also kind of hates us, I think. I immediately stop and start looking behind me. Does this look like we just ran into a trap? Okay. 21 total. Okay. I stand back before I run in with the rest of them. I don't want to get us all in a corridor. Because we're assholes. Yeah. Is there a grate ahead of us? Can I see the sky? I can conjure an elemental. Will it--? What kind of wall is it? Can I use Stoneshape to stoneshape us a hole through it? The problem is, I don't know how far the tunnel has collapsed. I took-- Okay, here's the thing I took Move Earth. I can try and tunnel us through. But that's a pretty big spell. Do fire giants have any reason to attack lizard people? We need you guys. We need-- we need you. I grab Kash by the arm really fast, and I just say, thank you. And I give him a kiss on the cheek. Just shut up and appreciate it! Go! 18. I immediately, right above us, create a little eye-of-the-hurricane. And you know when it snows and there's a moonbow? A rainbow? I do a little bit of a moonbow situation. And then we run! Can we all take a nervous swig of our fire resistance potions? Like, right now? Like glug, glug, glug! You told me they were dead! Thanks for sacrificing yourself. Hopefully you're not dead. You Don't Know The Show.