Maybe next time all of us could go? You guys should tell them. Awesome. Go follow them on Twitter; I think they're @espionagemakeup. Just look it up. They're awesome. Yeah which is vague. A little. What's it made out of? Yes, but we have to get to 5,000 subscribers. Yeah, I already tweeted #8ftTrinket. K through High School. It's so awesome! I had the absolute pleasure of joining Felicia on the latest episode of The Flog. Go check it out. It's back. I love that show. She wanted to make a neon sign, and she was like, "Let's do a Critical Role sign." Because she's a fan of our show, which is awesome. She's probably watching right now. Love you, Felicia. So this was it, unfortunately. Yes, are we ready to do the honors? Ready? For Vox Machina! (cheering) It's all science-y. It's totally nerdy awesome. Yeah, krypton. But yes. Here we go. All right, say bye-bye to the sign for now. You get nail wraps. You get a player's handbook signed by us. Speaking of amazing artists. We want to do a shout out. This one, yes. Kit Buss and Wendy Doodles. Wendy Green. They're awesome friends of ours and fans of the show. They do amazing work. They've done a lot of the character work that you've seen, and they're going to be doing a lot more, and we just wanted to really appreciate them and show them some love, so yes. Go follow. Okay. Is it see-able now? I want to make sure. Go follow them. They deserve it. (singing) Eight-foot Trinket, here we come! Yeah, where is Scanlan? (laughs) Like a trailing fart. That's not creepy at all. So we're essentially standing in the middle of a town being like, now what? I've missed you guys so much. Can you cast Detect Magic on the poo? This is what happens when we don't have any direction. How might one spell Kord? Simple. I like that. Does it seem to be a central theme across the whole town? This town worships Kord? Okay. (giggles) I think Grog wants to go. Are these battles to the death? Grog? Grog, not too far ahead! Before we get up to the crowd, I transform into Minxie. I'm going Minxie. And I catch up to Grog. Going Minxie. Did they see me? I'm trying to do it stealthily before it happens. Everyone saw me. It's fine. I start growling a little bit. I brush against Grog. And I cast Stoneskin on him. Does that show? It's a souvenir. I go up and rub on him and (meows). Guys, we've had a really emotional day. Can we just sleep? I've never seen him this upset. They like to snuggle. Oh wait, before we log off, we have this ready to go. Follow our amazing artists. Also, follow Espionage Cosmetics because they're amazing supporters of the show. Tweet at them and be like, thank you so much for supporting Critical Role. Because they're awesome. Okay. [dramatic music] A first impression of Keyleth would leave you with little information on the half-elven druid. You might even think that her social awkwardness due to her sheltered upbringing is kind of sweet. (chuckle) Of course, it would be unwise to underestimate her based on first impressions. (thunder) Under that unintimidating petite frame is a vicious beast waiting to be unleashed, whose natural powers have made even the fiercest of champions pee their pants, literally! (soft chuckle) Born to the Air Tribe of the Ashari people, Keyleth was raised with a deep love of nature and the elemental magics. It is her people's inherent duty to protect the delicate areas in Tal'Dorei where the four elemental planes begin to bleed with this realm. Since she was a little girl, she had quite a knack for air manipulation and beast shaping abilities. Well, if you consider kittens and flying squirrels to be little beasts. Which, I do. (clears throat) Anyways, it wasn't long before the headmaster of the tribe, her father, Korren, realized her true prodigious abilities and she was inveterated to succeed him as the next headmaster. Just like that, her jovial childhood was stripped and replaced with endless spell memorization, teachings from ancient traditions, and exceedingly high expectations. Every druid leader to be must embark on a journey to seek out the sister tribes in order to introduce and establish respect amongst the fellow headmasters. They call this the Aramente, or Noble Odyssey. When her father felt she was ready, he set her on the path to truly discovering herself, not knowing when, or if, she will ever return. As she hiked down the mountain towards Stillben, she meditated on the task ahead. Part of the Aramente is proving yourself a strong warrior, a valiant protector, and a wise and compassionate leader. With this knowledge, one thought plays on repeat in her mind Is she even worthy? I'm still in Minxie form. I slept in Minxie form. I'm going to go look for him, see if I can find him in any of the rooms on the third floor. Why does this always happen to me? I roll over on my back, and I'm like those cats you see on YouTube who hate being on leashes. Just dragging. God. You're not going to puke, are you? I'm no longer Minxie to eat breakfast with my friends. No. I should to talk to more dwarves before I try to... yeah. It was a little racist. Well, we don't have to. I don't want to go yet. We traveled several days here. While we're in this side of the country, I should probably go, you know. Do the things I was set out to do. I mean... I guess if you guys don't have anything else to do, yeah. I'm not sure. We'd have to start asking around. They're remote. We're secluded people. We're a little secrety, yeah, and we haven't heard-- I just want to clarify, you know. I haven't talked to them in a long time, so I hope they're nice. And I'm sure they're-- I have to go. I don't have a choice. Okay. I just don't want to inconvenience anybody. Oh wait, that was Dwarvish? Inconschmenience. I'm trying to work on learning more Dwarvish. Okay. We did just do a lot of shopping. Okay. You guys, I'm so nervous. Well, I mean, it's a big thing. The first time I left home was when I met up with you guys. I'm going. You left during the family meeting. I can try a Locate Creature spell. I can cast Locate Creature. I didn't learn Polymorph. You're going to have to ask Scanlan about that one. I drop to my knees and I cast Locate Creature. Do you want to use your ranger tracking skills, or should I try and cast the spell? Can I do a nature check to see if I can figure anything out about the nature of the attack? That's going to be 21. Does it look like the wounds from the weapons happened post-mortem? Or at the same time? Can I figure out what kind, was it some bird creature? Is all Percy could-- 25 total. Where do you hail from, hydra? 25. I can box him in with my Wall of Stone. Yeah, I see what you're saying. I'm going to pyramid him in, essentially. I'm going to try and make almost behind him is an auditorium and the front of him is a jabby ramp. Does that make sense? Auditorium? Okay, I'll do a spiral. Like a spiraly ramp that traps him in. Are they in our magic box? Hey, Matt? Instead of Wall of Stone, I'm actually going to cast my one 6th-level spell, which is Move Earth. Yeah. A few weeks ago. Never mind. I'll stick with the original plan. I can't dome him up and go ahead and push him in the water really quick at this point? All right, I'll stick with Wall of Stone, which I know I can do. Make a hydra pyramid! Right there is fine. Oh. No, let me move towards Scanlan. Yep. I am. Okay, I want to try and do a little pushy-shovery at the same time. Okay. As he gets in that corner of that puddle, I'm going to Fibonacci circle and starting here, push him in a bit and wrap him up. Yeah, I want him to be tight in the circle here, and if I can get it to push him towards the water. It's new. Even though he's trapped? She has a bear? We got a bear! Four. Yeah, I did. Fuck you, dice gods. We got here first! Warcraft rules! Should I try and get these fuckers off, or should I just kill the damn thing? I cast Call Lightning and bring a lightning bolt right down on its head. (whoops) Nine, eight, bringing us to 17. 21 damage. I'm eating so much sugar, compulsively, out of nerves. Dead? Our kill! Who's bad? TRAVIS and I run up to Trinket and I cast Cure Wounds on Trinket in a 3rd-level spell slot. Trinket heals for 21 damage. Who else is bad? I use it again for Vax. Ooh, that's better. We did want some proof. While all of this is going down, I'm going to casually walk over and open my little harvesting book and start harvesting some hydra blood. Now I start doing my thing. Do I need to roll for this? I want some stuff. Yep, we both do. That's a high standard. Don't look, Trinket. Don't look. So you have heard of us. Husband? Do you have a name other than husband? Mertin?