Sam! The first line-- Sam! Do I have to say this? "Junior? Junior! Git yer slowpoke, molasses ass down here." "You'll be sorry when I run this cat-o-nine tails over your rear end." "Not sweet, sweet Sally. My rear end, I'm going to miss her. What did her in?" I don't even know what the fuck-- "It's true. And dust ebola is the second leading cause of death in the dust bowl. My rear "end just can't stand this dusty dust. Deadly dust." "Can it be? A box than can cure our woes and pick us up back onto our dusty rear ends?" What's with-- why? A few on the fly rewrites there. Yeah, living language; we decide. It's size appropriate. I had cast fire resistance on me. It lasts an hour. Has it been an hour? I'll recast. The heat makes you lethargic. Can I talk to Uten a little bit while we're walking? So, do you play tour guide often to newcomers in this town? Playing tour guide? Seems he has quite a love for the City of Brass. How long have you all been residents here? And your business mainly deals in-- Well, as you mentioned, people ending in arrest, are you bounty hunters? Sure. Go, slaves! Walk! Forward! Like you do! Because-- shut up, slave! And I smack Grog with the flail. Forward march! (whip crack) You never said Oklahoma. Well, I can alter myself to look like you, if you can hang back. Sure. Yeah. What's going to make him give us this thing anyway? Do we have anything to give him? Or maybe-- oh! Yeah, he might not have it. Well maybe he won't know its value. You still have your Locate Item, correct? Senokir, hold? Senokir? Hang on, a little bit of preparation on our end, if you don't mind. But it can point us in the right direction. Looking-- Do we mention the Suutan bloodline or do you think that would be bad blood? Is that bad? Is it a bad idea to mention the Suutan bloodline? I'm sorry, you just seem to know so much about this fine city. Yeah. Sorry, guys. In Whitestone. You want me to talk first? Yeah, no, okay. Yeah. I got this. TRAVIS and Thanks, guys. Does this guy have a name, Senokir? Right. Sorry. Good day, fair Whaska. Strong Whaska. Hi. I am Keyleth of the Ashari druids. Sorry. I was curious if I could ask you a few questions and just take a moment of your time, which I'm sure is very valuable. We promise we can make it worth your time. We are in search of a piece of armor, something that holds great weight and many legends behind it. Maybe you have. It is called the Plate of the Dawnmartyr. Are you familiar with this? I don't believe it is from this realm, but it resides here. It was won by a fire giant, as yourself, in a game of cards. Or some call them card games. (sighs and laughter) Really? That would be phenomenal information. Well look, you shouldn't compare it to you or the things you've made, right? I'm sure-- Yes, it's very valuable for us to find it! Yes. I'm assuming you don't want me to-- Right. (quietly) Do we still have all those jewels? I look at Whaska and I say Let me confer with my other masters. Hey, Senokir, what does he want? What do you think is fair here? Craft? They want something-- okay. Sure. Yeah. I'll ask. Whaska! In speaking with my fellow masters, we want to make sure we give you something that is fair and desired. Is there anything that you might have on your wish list? Oh, he's looking to see what we got! You are a very intelligent and observant man. Giant, fire, respected fire giant. Let me once again confer with my masters and enchanted servants. Okay, guys, what have we got? Yeah, Greatsword of Frenzy, yeah. Whatever. And you said, a ring? It's not magical, though. I've got my magic choker. Okay. I have a Ring of Protection +1 that no one's been using because it's just a Ring of Protection +1. Which is good, by the way. Yeah, let's do the Greatsword. And I have my +1 magic necklace. No. Okay, all right. Here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to take the Greatsword and the Ring of Lightning Resistance and put it on the table. I'm glad we didn't sell any of this stuff over the course of time. Oh, yeah. Well, lucky you! I also happen to have this awesome Magic Choker +1. I also offered him a tiny ring. He's going to use it. Wait! That's a two-for-one deal, because it also comes with this Ring of Protection. You just hadn't let me get that far yet. Oh, he wants arms, right. It's a Ring of Protection. That's cool. Was that one man's resume? What if we give him some of the dragon scales? Hang on! Whaska! A great craftsman such as yourself deserves only the finest of materials. How about some (whispers) dragon scales? Dragonhide? White dragon, what kind of dragonhide? White dragonhide. A lot of white dragonhide. I think we even have a fair amount. Yeah, he needs a lot. He's gonna have a big loincloth. A really big loincloth. I want to make sure it's like, "One, two, three, four, five--" Five minutes later, "37--" It's a ring? Thank you. I go over and I start trying to (grunts) pick it up. Eight total. Or just a check, right? Just a straight check? Okay, then five. (hisses in pain) Okay. Yeah. You wouldn't happen to have a wallet version, would you? Don't worry about it! Oh, Whaska! Is it okay if I ask one last question? How do fire giants feel about the name, the Suutan-- Oh, wait. I already asked him that. Never mind. You know what, been a huge help. (laughter) Is it too late to roll an insight check to make sure he was telling us the whole story? That's pretty good. 25. You know, it's more cumbersome? It's awkward. It's very wide. I can't really-- Yes. But it's not that heavy. Thank you. How is it they didn't design this to fit into a car. You walk backwards. Are you okay going down the stairs? Okay, okay. Is it like a cityscape? Yes, we know. Sorry. Yeah. No. I will not. That's a Scanlan or a Percy thing. That's true. That spell lasts for ten minutes, the Locate Item spell. I can cast it, because I shouldn't speak here. Thanks! Oh, giant. My fair giant. I'll cast Locate Item. No one's around and going to maim me, right? It's here. It's going to be right on the inside, hanging on the wall. Are there really high windows? They're 20 feet high, so, high up. I radio over the earpiece to Vax and say, hey, we're going to walk the block. Knock. Yeah, sure. Help me. Hey, Pike, can you help prop it up on that side? What? What! Bullshit! Goddamn it. Natural one! Pike, I need to readjust my grip! Here, I want to put it on my back. Yeah, I don't want to drop it. Will it kill all of us? Is it a blast radius thing? What are they wearing? Lemmiwinks! We're here to speak with Juuraiel. Oh Jesus. I'm the only one not in chains! I'm the only one who can! It's bullshit! No, I can't. It's only a self spell or else I would've. Oh, that's not too bad. Persuasion? 18. I lift with Pike the big manhole cover. Yes. Let me get us out of this. Juuraiel? Do you mind if we speak candidly and dispose of our guises that led us here? I said we'd dropped our guises so yes, everyone, you can take your slave robes off now. Senokir, can we--? Hell yeah! Let's do this! Does it work like Vegas? Are all the odds on the house? Wait, did we end up playing it? Fucking fuck! We didn't end up playing this. But wait, we remember the rules? But that's risky. Can he add his Bardic Inspiration? Wow. High five, yeah! And into another one. Yeah, I was going to ask that. Nice lampshade. Am I okay? Do I still have fire resist? I'll just roll this time. It's just straight constitution? Seven. Can I bamf right here? What's your name? What is Simma sina-- Senokir. Took a ten-minute break and that's it. Senokir, is there a way we could-- If I wanted to Plane Shift home, is there a way that I could Plane Shift right back here and not get, you know, our heads chopped off for it? Let me check, guys. You know, let me check the druidic texts and see what they say. Well, I can't say Senokir's jewelry shop in the City of Brass? Bless you. Bless you again. I can also create water. Pike and I can create water. Me and Pike both can. Or allies nearby. It's in the middle of a city. Classic B&E? Plane Shift takes a minute-- It takes an action. As long as we're all in a circle holding hands. In case it's magically locked down? He also said that the pit fiend could be there in one to two days. Also, do we know how much time passes in the fire plane versus the real world? Do we remember any type of relative time jump when we were here last time in and out? Yeah, I mean we could come back to Thordak just destroyed everything. I can't scry between dimensions. Yeah. Yes, I could. Yeah, can I use the scrying eye to try and scry on the pit fiend? And trying to imagine his emblem that she described with the two manacles and the black chain, because that was pretty cool. 19. It doesn't say. Yeah, I get to do it, so it should still be mine, right? 19. Can I get a focus on what the slaves look like? Okay. Well, he appears to be in his bedroom, definitely in the citadel. As she said. He had big gnarly teeth and slaves. He looked very unpleasant. Well, he also had a bunch of people chained to the wall, and this was after my vision being slammed through several walls. It seemed to be very deep in the labyrinth that is the embassy, which seems like a labyrinth. He's a little taller than Grog. I tried to look. I couldn't tell. Looked like a nice variety. Unless we tried to use ourselves as slave bait again, put a few of us on the auction. He has a logo. Seeming allows you to tailor us, right? How about we do a little bit of both? We can have a few of us, maybe two, as slaves, the rest as masters, walking around incognito. Once one of us gets sold off, we track him back so we're not fighting a member of the Embassy of the City of Brass in the middle of the market. These people have seen a lot of shit, not just one hunk of shit. Is that a fantasy that people have? Can I also throw out that maybe six might be pushing it a little? Maybe we should drop it down to, like, quadruplets? I feel like we're spending a lot of time on this, and maybe not enough time on our battle plan. Or we could Seeming wings? Can I use Alter Self, because Alter Self gives-- because I can give myself gills and stuff like that. It's like when you start the little Halloween sing-y things. Maybe have a little side area with hookah and some nice dancers, you know? As he watches, to add to the atmosphere? What if the ladies went on a redecorating tear really fast? Dim the lights. That's so mean! Do we recover our point of exhaustion when we sleep? Are we going to scout-- I guess we still need Seeming. Did we find out if I could Alter Self wings? Should we maybe go scout the location first as regular slaves? LAURA, SAM and TALIESIN  No. No, it's okay. I Druidcraft a band around his arm. You can, like, preserve it. Is it okay to just set up shop? I could also, theoretically-- I just don't know well these things can see through other things. I could do Hallucinatory Terrain right around this and make us look like a little legit kiosk. With a little entrance incorporating your door. I can control it as much as I want. I mean, I could do some Druidcraft but that's minor. Growing a gazebo out of vines, that's Plant Growth. I guess I could do Plant Growth fairly instantly, without the full-- because it's a one or the other kind of a thing. I still feel like if we are a crowd of slaves at a door-- Can I Druidcraft some nice inviting looking bushes? Shrubs, yeah. Never mind, then. What? This is what we are now. See, there are a lot of pop-up vendors here, guys. Maybe you'll be more impressive. I could try and scry on him while we wait. There is an alley behind us that we set up in front of? Does anyone seem to be behind the alley? Scanlan. Do you want to come with me back into the alley for a little bit and watch, in case anyone sees? You could be giving me a good firm scolding, just in case. Well, it takes a minute to do the Scrying. Stand guard, I'll be right back. I go back to a little dark corner and I pull out the Scrying Eye. I can try again. Yeah, whenever I can. Should I do something theatrical? Magicky? We didn't really specify. I'm in the alleyway with the twins. 15 feet across the street? I packed this, just in case. No, I packed Feeblemind. It's an 8th-level spell, and it makes him stupid. No. Well, I could use Alter Self. As one of the female aasimar? This guy has to make an intelligence saving throw. Do you want me to try and make this guy stupid? He's 15 feet away? No, I'm outside. I'm in the alleyway. How many feet away am I from him? Is he aware of my presence? I'm going to saunter further down the alleyway. This has a 150-foot range. Ooh, that's good. 21. Okay. So wait, what are you doing? As he goes to hand over the chains, right as he goes to reach for it, I'm going to do Feeblemind. Jesus fucking Christ! He's got to make an intelligence saving throw. 19. Come on, come on. He takes 4d6 psychic damage. He saved from it, didn't he? He's not affected by the ability?! Gives us time to think. We'll get you that armor!