So awesome. Lanterns? We'll have to check that out. Members-only jackets. We do the hand-eye coordination thing. Never forget. I've been separated from my parents for a really long time. You get used to it. It's not too bad. Don't say the word grieve. That's strong. It's only a few days. It'll be good. Separation makes the heart grow fonder and all that stuff. What time is it? Oh sure. Let's start early. Why not? Don't throw. That's rude. Well, since we're getting separated, Grog is taking the Bag of Holding. Right, but we had a lot of stuff in that Bag of Holding. I kept most of the stuff that I needed on me, but how many healing potions do we have? I can go ahead and brush up on healing spells, as well. Make sure I come a little bit more well-equipped, just in case. I only have one greater healing potion right now. Okay. Apparently we have the flying carpet? Because I think Grog was checking out. He's breaking up a little bit. But I feel like he just told me that we took the flying carpet. He's very far away, but I feel it's reaching its limits. He apparently left us with the flying carpet? He said, remember, you took the flying carpet. To break RP for a second. Yeah. I can't. You're cutting out. You're cutting out, Grog. Oh, look at that. We have it. Found it. We're good. Oh shit! It's the Witch's Fortune. What are you looking for? Do you know her name? Remember her name? I can probably find it. It would take a minute of digging, through. Hang on. I've got to go back to my old notes. I've got to go back to my old D&D notes. Keep doing stuff. Am I with him? Yes. (gasps) Trista! It's been so long! Fancy meeting you here. You're Forsythia? You're not taking any questions right now? Not today? It was so nice to see a familiar face in such a strange place. She's lovely. Caustic liquid. They're all like no magic and stuff here. Wait. Did he say that it was controlled by the clergy? Hang on. Just because it is controlled by the clergy doesn't mean that it's legal. Doesn't mean that if we go knocking on their door requesting potions that they're going to take kindly to that. Kind of like getting your concealed deadly weapons license in certain places. I turn and I lean into Tiberius and I say, he's going to be cranky the entire time we're on this field trip, isn't he? I know. I guess. Yes, but that's a little forward, don't you think? And what were they contracted with? Tiberius, we could be on trial. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, were we late? We didn't mean to keep you waiting. Or do you mean like, you've been waiting for us for a long time in the destiny, "we're here and where have you been my whole life" kind of way? Wait. Is that what people say about me? We'll talk later. Hi. What was that? No. I think is going to be an excellent bonding experience. Everyone has such a problem with optimism. You know, public speaking is not really my strong suit. Okay. Ordered and paid in advance by anonymous. This contract, binding in honor and the elements, sets upon the agreed members of the Slayer's Take Guildhall, and the task of locating and slaying the below-mentioned entity, and the recovery of the below-listed harvested anatomy items. And any anatomy items not recovered or not in functional condition will be deducted from the final payment and refunded to the client. Oh. This contract is good for three days and should the contract not be fulfilled within that time period, all payments are null and void, this contract is null and void, and membership of the Slayer's Take is revoked-- outside of the Huntmaster's willful forgiveness. The quarry has been approved for hunting by the Holy Paramours of the Crown of Erathis. The quarry of one rakshasa. What's a rakshasa? Tiger man? We need two rakshasa eyes, one rakshasa tongue, one rakshasa heart, two rakshasa claws, and two rakshasa canine teeth. So canine. The quarry is where it's been last located? Oh, okay. Yeah, you double-check it. I might have missed something. That was probably the ballsiest thing you've ever said. I thought this was going to be a fun field trip. It does. It is a tiger person, so maybe we can relate. Just to get this clear, a rakshasa's not a beast? But it's not a beast, by definition? Northeastern direction. Do we have any type of plan of attack? Does anyone know how to fight these things? Any earthly clue? Leader boy? I take my social cues from other people. I'm sorry. I agree with that. Are we supposed to do something with the sand? Oh, that would take so long. Can we tag-team this? The what? Oh, there it is. Is anyone selling any masks? Passive or active? 21. Are there any masks that look like tiger masks? Is there someone working the stand? Oh, I would like one. Have you had invaders like this before? Is there is any indication of the cause of death on these corpses? How do they find them? Does she have any masks that look like a raven? A raven mask? I want that one. Oh! Do you have a little cloak as well? A little cape? Thank you so much. As he goes ahead, I keep up my pace until I trail behind him a little bit. Dice shame. Go rogue, go. You rolled a one? You all have really low self-confidence. What's his name? What? I mean, she's a goddess. She's not a queen. She's a goddess. Oh, wait. You mentioned investigators? It's not a group of people. It's just, "you're an investigator today" kind of thing? Gotcha. Is there anyone else that is part of the investigation team that you think would be good to talk to? Can I do an insight check on him? 23. Velvet Cabaret. So we know that this guy-- while we walk there, I was talking. We know that this guy is a demon from the Nine Hells. So, he seems to be targeting wealthy people. Do you think these are people that tried to get under his control, under his servitude, and it didn't go his way, so he ended up killing them? Seems to be after power. And it seems like it's no secret when he comes to town. And according to the guards, these murders have been going on for the past few years, so it seems like whatever we're dealing with might have time to plan ahead. If he's been aware of the past few times that Tyrell has come through the town and could possibly know the next time he's coming through. How long ago did the bastions say that they raided the Velvet Cabaret? So here's my question do you think he would stick around after it was raided? Or do you think he'd move on? I believe it is three days. Does this mean that I should go change clothes? I was. Thank you. Aren't the sconces awesome? The LEDs change colors. Guys, we should have aliases. Can we have aliases? Very easy. Oh, you know what, maybe I could-- would it be weird if I'm Vex? That's weird, isn't it? Okay. What's a good elven name? What's something common in Elven? You were around this stuff. All of my people have weird tribal names. What's good? Oh, Coralin. Do I look like a Coralin? (stutters) What, you can be Scanlan, but I couldn't be Vex? That's double standard, Vax. I'm just saying. She's very nice. I feel like I'm learning so much from you. Is that what they say? Am I your wife? No. No, it's fine. Yeah, I can be your wife. I can RP this. I mean I can pretend to be. Yeah. So Coralin Shorthalt. As I see her, I turn and face outward. No. I reach over and I grab Vax's hand. Yes, Coralin Shorthalt. Yes, pleasure. He's very well traveled. Very well cultured. That's part why we hired him. Question, Hosin. While we wait, do you happen to have any wine or ale? Just while we wait. It's been such a long travel. Thank you. You're so kind. Cheers. Cling. I take a sip of mine. It's very good. I'm sorry, before we go on, what was your name? I don't believe I caught it. Oh, I'm sorry, I am Coralin. Coralin Shorthalt. Of the Emon Shorthalts. I subversively wipe it on my robes. Mr. Cyinnor, I think it is best that you do not make presumptions on our relationship and dealings. And we are very interested in all of those interesting businesses. Mr. Vince, let's not play coy. I am sure you have dealt with many a powerful client in your day. And I am sure that it is not unfamiliar to you that many powerful clients have many deep secrets. We are not Bastions. And we are not here to accuse. And we are not here to investigate your establishment. He's shutting down. Someone do something quick. Can I do that, as well? (laughter) We're all going to die. 19. About this time, I go (fwoosh) and I cast my wind spell. And I slam the doors behind us. And I slam the shutters. And turn out all the lights. Did you say there was candlelight? Or did you say there was weird indirect lighting. Now. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to do that. I sometimes get a little out of control. But remain calm! All right?! Jesus! Remain calm! I'm sorry! I'm trying to remain calm, too! Thank you! Okay. Damn it. And I say, and whatever weapon you were about to brandish, you'd best wise to leave it be. And you realize that this is only because of your doing? I say, now. Our quarrel is not with you. We are not with the guard. We are not with the Bastions. I'm trying. I'm sorry. I get emotional. I'm trying to remain calm, here. Okay? Do not take us for fools who just walked in here without a clue. Dear god, so many. Come on. Something else? Oh, son of a bitch. Fucking Hosin. I'm going-- something tiny and fast. What's tiny and fast? I'm going rat, and I'm going after Hosin. He does what? Fucking shit. 17. Are we at the same time? I guess I'll go ahead and cast out of my beast shape as well and cast Hold Person on him as he's running away. Well, he's right there, right? So I'm just going to try and hold him. Because he's not a person! He's not a person. I should've fucking done Grasping Vine. Goddamn it. All right. Yeah, I'll follow after his ass. And I go, what? Yeah, I'm in the silent bubble. I knew it was going to happen! He goes invisible? He's not teleporting, he's just invisible. That's a big thing. He's a dwarf. Oh, come on, Tiberius. With that, I continue with the charade and loop my arm around Vax and say, shall we go into that room? Yeah, I follow. Yes? Did you stub your toe, darling? No way! It's a lie. If it wasn't live, no one would believe it. Maybe it's because that dice was in the vicinity of Matt's hair, you'll be good. Yeah! Should've beat it down and then. Can I perception check, as well? Can I just look to see, I want to just meditate and-- what did you just roll? 24? I want to see if I see any movements or brushes of cloth or anything like that. 19. Not as good as Vax. I want to make myself soccer field goalie this stuff with the door, in the door frame, just really trying to see if I can see any brush of dust or movement. I'm trying to make myself big. You thought that was going to be good! I pick up his clothes and I put them in the Bag of Holding. They might come in handy later. I'll follow my husband. Run! Indiana Jones, motherfuckers! Keep running! I don't know. I still don't trust it. Let's just all get out of this hole. It could give way at any moment. Does there appear to be any type of plant life? I was just going to ask are the walls stone or chiseled-out rock? Right, like drop a boulder down it. What were you going to say? He's been taking pictures of all his fails so everyone believes it. Oh no. And then I see Tiberius go and I go, (whoops). And I go, too. I use my Druidcraft to take out some of my sage and light it and spread some of my sage around. Tentacley, brown, twitchy eyeball, toothy maw. That's all we know? Oh, that's been your problem the whole time. Yes, and what did you think of your first game? We're going to be doing a video very soon going to 826 and telling you guys all about it. But yes, they're a great charity, so yes. Now you guys get the fanart! That's amazing. Oh, and guys, Mary Elizabeth came back to visit and watch. So she did return. She's back! Steven Blum, everybody. Yes, he is. I don't want to wait a week.