Nicolas Cage was scary in Gone in Sixty Seconds, just throwing it out there. Yeah. Yes. And Christmas is right around the corner, you guys! I miss school relay races. Sorry, go ahead. Nothing. Don't worry about it. Keep going. Well, she wasn't forgotten. He threw Percy's gun into the pool of acid. We should collect her guns. We need her other hand, and we need the Vestiges off of her fucking body. Grog? Will you do the honors of taking her other hand? I have nothing left. I have no way to get us out of here quickly right now. Orthax could have his soul, for all we know. Near Ripley's body? Honestly, right now I think-- it sounds crazy that I'm saying this, but we have mutual interests with him. It might not be the worst idea. Just like last time. And what if he has Percy? I need to rest. I need to sleep. I could try and scry her. Let me see, actually. But what if you can't get him back out? Living and willing, right? We don't want him to get stuck. I can't believe that there's nothing we can do right now. Ugh. Hang on, wait let me see it. Does it look like the other Scrying Stone that we have? Be careful, Scanlan. Oh, we just got our ticket out of here! We might want to save it. We could. If we knew its name. That is how it's different from Plane Shift. I have a feeling the longer we wait, the harder it will be. But like you said, the Gate spell could theoretically bring Orthax back, if we might need to. Who knows? How long has Percy been dead? It depends on what you're trying to do. I have one ability I could use. You have to do it within ten days. But I'm not necessarily comfortable doing it, regardless. I don't know, I've never done it before, and I don't know the ramifications. I'd prefer to get him to Pike. I'll stay with Percy. Keyleth takes Percy's body and I drag him over to the table and I lay him out and I start cleaning him and cleaning his wounds as best as I can. Did you leave your purse? Yeah, we can make a blanket fort. That sounds a little weird, you guys. Keyleth also pulls a Vex. I take out the dagger and I hand it to Vex-- to Vax, sorry. I Druidcraft little fireflies above us. Make it all pretty, and sleep, too. Yes, let's go. Are we bringing him with us? LAURA and Closest, biggest, fattest tree. Pike immediately. Immediately. Tell them we're coming. To prepare quarters. Yeah, she's got to have her earring, right? To Sarenrae's temple. Whatever we can do to help. We just knew we couldn't do this without you. Is there a better chance with Resurrection? I pull out Ripley's gun, and I hand it to Pike while she's still in her ritual, and see if that has any effect. Do we try and destroy the gun again? Do we do this again? He's a shadow fiend. Does that mean we have to kill him on his own turf? Do we know? Pike did that, right? Wasn't it a something-evil spell? Throw it in the circle? Is it an arcane magic like that? Pike, I can try Greater Restoration, if you want to save your healing magic. Do you want me to try it? I'll try to recreate what Pike did to Grog. I scream Percy! Pike, do it! Hey, Vex, will you look for that raven skull that I gave him while you're at it? Does he still have the raven skull on him that I gave him? I grab the skull from around his neck that I gave him. I say Percy, we had many conversations about life and death, and in many ways, you were my total opposite. But you are also my best friend. Even though I told you that day that I gave you this that we're all going to die and that you can still be saved from yourself, it was clear the journey was far from over, and it still isn't. And then I'm going to cast Conjure Woodland Beings, and I'm going to have a barrage of crows come from around me. I'm going to tell him As much as you might think your journey is over, just because yours might be, ours isn't. And we need you. And I need you. Use the gold die. Percy. 19. You said he's still unconscious? (hoarsely) Did we say the right thing? Clearly? His reflexes are working. His reflexes are working great. Percy, you were gone for quite a while. How long did it feel? I beg to differ. What? What do you mean you saw what I did? Did you hear me yell for you? Percy. Are you sure? Do you still feel him? You should rest and get better. You should sleep, and we'll talk more tomorrow. No, this is still a construction zone. I'll go dump a few healing spells and stuff into him. Let's get you to lie down first. You heal 48 hit points, by the way. Oh, melee attacks. It was worn by the woman who tried to kill you. And succeeded. Whisper. Your parents are lovely, by the way. Thank you so much again. We told them you're doing great and we told them you were doing fantastic and wonderful and successful. I've been practicing my juggling, to be fair. I could use it in my knife juggling. Yeah. No. What am I going to do with it? Do they happen in the same turn? They happen in the same turn, yeah? What now? What did they look like? How do they know my name? It's got something thick in it, which isn't-- Read the letter first? It's long. PATRICK (hoarsely) Holy shit. I don't know what to say. It was Kerr. It's got branches on it. I have passed through fire. This is a lot to deal with right now. We have friends. I have a friend. And as kind as his letter was, I think something was wrong, and I think there's more to his message. Vex, maybe you? He scribbled out some words. And speaks vaguely in areas around them. You sure? I worry. What do you mean? I don't know what to say. It's really comforting to know that not everyone hates us. I don't think it's a wise idea. You literally just rose from the dead. Yeah, he's gone. I've cried eight more times. Thanks, Vesh! Yeah. You better, motherfucker. I shoot him daggers whenever his eyes meet mine at one point. Pike, you have to try some! I was looking anxiously over at Vex when she was-- (chuckles) Smartass. But now we go forward with the knowledge that we know Percy was anticipating dying? Very foreboding, Asum. I agree. He's being really shifty. Also 27. LAURA and Asum, I'm sorry. I don't mean to be insistent here, but if this is as private of information as you seem to be making it out to be, maybe we should go to the room where we know cannot be spied upon. Fucking you come into our house! She's been posing as Seeker Asum. But I also put a bracelet on the actual Seeker Asum, so I should be able to scry on that guy. Find out where he is. Hopefully, he's not dead. And thank you to Patrick Rothfuss. Miss you, Kerr-bear.