And I cast my Skywrite spell-- ew, I just spit-- and I use the smoke in the distance and as it's rising up into the sky, start drawing out the de Rolo family crest in the smoke. That's me. Yeah. I come over the speakers once again, the ear pieces. "I think it's time to go. Whenever you "guys are ready, I want to light this bitch up." All right, quick. He said that with a question mark. Do I see anyone coming? But no one seems to be rushing towards this house? "Everyone out." And I start casting a Flaming Sphere. Everyone out. I peek in this foyer. And just (boof), right in the middle, and take a minute to move it all around. Okay, I think that's good enough. Let's go. 28. Guys, we should do something. All of us? 12. Oh, for crying out loud. I push past them I just go, Jordana! Jordana, it's us! And Vox Machina. (quietly) Does she know we're called that? Allies. Son of a-- nine? Crazy grandma! Hey, you don't have to call it-- that sounds so sad when you say it like that. Good work, by the way! That was awesome! I mean, I saw the fire, I don't know what you did. The de Rolos have dinosaurs? Does he look familiar to you? That's the thing. I don't know if this is the time to rest. I'm okay. We can maybe make do. What time is it now? We started something. We can't stop it now. We sparked a hope in people. We now have innocent peasants, people who are not fighters-- What if there isn't a town to defend tonight? It's a lot of running water, though. I think they're all right with rain. Did we ever get a count of how many zombie giants there were? Why not? We are the most capable people in this town right now. Why don't we take a short rest, heal up a bit, get back out there, take down some giants. What do you guys say? This is going to go on for a while, but the longer we wait indoors, the more people are going to die, and if we're killing people to try and save the masses-- which is how I'm justifying this whole thing, by the way-- I feel like we can't leave the masses to their own devices. We literally lit the fire and we can't stop it now. Someone is informing on us. Jordana, do you have any books here on zombie giants? Well, I mean, zombie combined with giants. We've fought zombies and we've fought giants, so I'm assuming it with a vague-- How many hadoukens? As in Sunbeams? I'm done on Sunbeams. I'm done. None. However, if I short rest, I actually haven't burnt any of my animal forms here recently and I can water elemental up, which would also permanently kill them. So I have other defenses that could still take down vampires if we encounter another one. I'm more concerned about these giants right now. No, they're zombies. They're undead. We're taking down these damn giants. These giants are killing people left and right; we watched them crush people on our way here. I can. How much more does he need? You already have an eight to your initiative. I'm going to give him a level two Cure Wounds. So do 2d8 plus ten. Sure. Me or you. Whoever feels more comfortable. No, but that's... Well, Song of Rest just happens, right? Do you get that for free? You might as well, if you don't burn anything. Do we want to split up? I look up. Is my de Rolo symbol still in the sky? Something to us about how when people die in this town. The guy you talked to at the bar? He said when people die here they don't die. I think this whole damn town-- I think the whole land is cursed. Is what I think. Why? Let's look for giants. Let's go giant-hunting. All of us? I rolled a 19, so 29? Yeah. Okay, so the nooses are gone. Is it still raining? Okay. I climb the Sun Tree. I'm climbing the Sun Tree. So there's a big army coming down, filtering down a street. How far away? I can't tell how far away they are right now? I can't see them? I might be able to do something. I can do a big ice storm or do something to take all these fuckers out at once. It's a big range. Scanlan, can you drop the fog just a bit? All right, I'm going to climb as high as I can. 11. Acrobatics or athletics? Oh, that's better. 15. Okay. And they're like a hundred feet away? Right where they are, I'm going to start a little ahead of where they originate, I'm going to start making an ice storm. I'm pushing all the way back to where-- just right down these fuckers. They take 2d8 bludgeoning damage and 4d6 cold damage. 2d8 bludgeoning, that's seven bludgeoning... 4d6. Not great at all. Four, five, six, seven, eight. Seven. And it's difficult terrain. Now we can run. As she says that, I'm going to go ahead and start casting my Call Lightning spell. Yeah, as I turn around, I Call Lightning on the giant. And it's cloudy, so I get how much more? And as she's brewing up her bow, I'm behind her and just bring down the bolt for 32 damage. Just start backing up. "Vex?" Vex? Kill it! What are you doing? And as soon as I'm able, I'm backing up and bringing down another lightning bolt. Oh yeah. It's okay, this is a concentration spell. I can keep doing it. I'm not blowing spells on it. Go, go, go. Run! Do I see any other-- as we're running through-- We can't go, we can't go! Yeah, you guys are crazy.