Wilson. Wilson. Standing there, leaning forward at a large, though, you know... I will say, though, initially, what is your DC on this? It's through the hand cone. So it's 20. Okay. That's a lot. We're birds on a wall. We're standing together in, like, the tall grass. That's right. Okay. Circle around? 26. Shit. I think he's too far away, you guys, I don't know. So is there anyone coming towards the-- At this point in time, you guys on your side notice, --and you as well--a cluster of about six individuals come rushing towards the gate, and the two guards who were over to the side earlier join up with them, they stop for a second, and they discuss at a distance. Then they all turn and rush towards the gate as a group of nine. (gasps) Come on, trap! Work, trap, work, trap! 180 feet. All of it? I know, all the dice. 21, 34... 34 turns to 68, plus the bonus is 70, 74. Okay, bring it. Go ahead and make a dexterity saving throw to try and grab the ledge before you plummet. That's not great. Uh, 11. Unfortunately, you don't even know which way is up as the talons chuck you forth and you plummet from the top of the wall. You fall down a total of 45 feet. Can I go, like, Can I turn back into a raven as I fall? My other bonus, my other action? Yeah. I'll say go ahead, make a constitution saving throw as part of your concentration check, just to see if you're able to focus your mind in that quick period of time. Uh, 19. 19, yeah! (applause) As you're spiraling backwards, seeing the eagle, you look behind you to the ground, close your eyes, swoop upward into the form of a raven. Since I'm a raven now, can I do a loop back to the center of town and see what's going on? Yep. So you're heading back to the center of town, it's gonna take you a little bit to get there. Yep. They get back up to the top. They spend most of their turn getting to that edge, and taking a few steps away from it, getting their weapons out and kind of glaring at each other and trying to figure out what the hell they can do right now as you start looming towards them. I, unarmed, start walking towards them. And I say, "Where is Kevdak?" Pike is back! With that, the little bit of noise distraction outside, turns his face, his eyes peeking out the corner of the eye sockets, and that's just the little moment of opportunity you need to go ahead and double up and slam upward with the butt of the hammer. Go ahead, roll damage for that attack. How does he get four attacks? Is he a fighter? Yes, yes! Five feet? Oh my god, yes. Oh my god. Let's count. Let's count! Fucking asshole. Yeah, go go go! Am I back to town yet? It takes a while. 23? Whee! All right, I'll say as you use your movement to push forward, go ahead and make your athletics check. 18. And with that, he-- (mimics fight sounds) Reaching out, grasps, catches the very edge of the ledge behind him, and the rock just breaks. (laughing) "No!" He vanishes, screaming, into the pit below as you step forward and look over. What little glint of daylight even makes the bottom area, 'cause it's far out of your range for dark vision, you just see enough of a movement on the bottom, and then no movement whatsoever. Have a plan. Has been hit? Has not returned. Correct. I'm looking for Scanlan on my way back, by the way. Yeah. You are currently hunkered down with Kaylee, Dr. Dranzel, and this cluster of nine survivors. You've managed to parry off one incursion of these herd members within the temple. The barricaded door is still slightly ajar, as closing it would make quite a bit of noise. Okay. Oh, no! Can I hear him? Am I close enough by yet? I'd say by now you've returned in raven form, you can hear him over the earpiece. They might have him held prisoner. Why didn't we give a gatestone? We should always give-- Are we trying to get this-- We're talking about 100 to 150 feet up, comparatively. Are we trying to get this eagle? Is that what we're trying-- Yeah. It's trying to kill me. Yeah. Well, I was headed that way. Hang on, wait, well, oh, I'm headed to the body still? It's inside the gate? Yeah. Yeah, it fell inside the gate of the city. You approach, and it's a rough scene. Fell on, like, the head and the shoulder. The rest of the body's kind of-- Gotcha. But yeah, there's no inclination this is a member of the Ashari. Okay. So, is there anything good on her? There is a... A soaked set of leather armor. (chuckles) Non-magical? Non-magical, from what you can gather. What about parkouring? But if I can parkour it, I can find, I wanna be able to... Parkour, parkour! I wanna try and be smart about it and find it any way I can make it. Right, make an acrobatics check. We have a plan. I thought we were going in. We're heading into the city-- I don't know, did your plan work? Scanlan, it appears they are doubling down in the center of the town. Do you have any idea on why they would be doing this? Well, I don't know, they're very perceptive. I may have alerted all of them to our presence. Sure. And in a sense, that was my mission, so-- A distraction from their terrible, terrible lives. Yeah, where are you? Okay. Grog. Right. Okay. So we go to them, and if we get too close, they slit all their throats. It's like basic Goliath logic. Okay. All right. All right, well... Are we nearby a sewer system? Scanlan, do you know? Oh, I happen to know exactly where a sewer system is. We can try and sewer cross town. Or we can just walk right in. How do we get out of this with the most - or sorry, with the least civilian casualties, Grog? Sure. We were supposed to also pick something up. Yes, a two-story-- A half hour? Will they start killing people? Yeah, 30 minutes is nothing in a hostage situation. Does anyone else need to heal up? I wanna burn a hit dice. Well, we should try and probably have a few people on civilian duty as well, kind of like we did before. Okay. If we know the city this well, how far would you say is Wilhand's place from where we are now? I'd say it's about... I'm gonna go-- I'm gonna stay with Grog. Okay. Are you guys bee lining it, like straight through-- No, I was gonna say-- What were you gonna say? Yeah, I was gonna see if I should switch out the Gauntlets of Ogre Strength for these Braces of Defense that give me +2 to my AC, but if I wear that, then it takes out my natural armor. What about-- No, it's not considered armor. Not actually wearing armor, it's designed for somebody who does not, so... Well, I could do it ahead of time-- Just do it! Grog? Oh, shit, what is this? Just shut up and take it, Scanlan. That was the cutest thing! Now, I walk out. Oh, God, no! Are you guys following behind, or just letting him do his thing? We stealth, like-- We watch him leave. He's pretty stacked. Okay. Ooh! 33. Go, go. That's so bad ass. All right, onward with our murdering spree, let's go. Wait, wait, are they going to know that their two people are gone? Oh, then 24. Hiding. (laughter) They move past and all of you companions are currently gone, you're by yourself hiding this big underneath a doorway in your elemental form, what do you want to do? They're gone though? Okay, I follow them. Okay, you guys make your way. Since I'm already elemental form, I'm going to go ahead and start parting off from the rest of the crowd, I'm going to flake around to the other side, I'm going to start flanking. Okay, so you've got to the other side now. The bells have now fully subsided, all the various warning bells that would go off every few minutes, just kind of keeping the state of awareness going, have begun to just dissipate and stop. The elf behind you is kind of glancing back and forth over his shoulder, but still keeps a blade forward. You go past that T intersection, continuing onward into the open central square on the north portion of the road. There's the main central road that you guys have been walking and it opens up into brick and cobblestone, upward with a slight square road interfacing the center. A series of shops and tents and on the left side, you recall is where Noja's shop once was, Abjurist Noja who had saved you at the First Winter's Veil. Not that you guys see this at the moment, but you see this glancing off to the side. The door's kind of half open, it looks like a window's broken, and the inside has probably been ransacked as well. And as you step in you can see that there are a number of tents that are half fallen over, carts that are tipped over with fruit and vegetables that have scattered across the floor and they've just been left there to rot. There are barrels containing, looks like rain water that has gathered over time and section after section of these wedged barricades of pieces of wood that have been jammed into piles with giant spikes and pole arms that have been jammed in there as a defensive place and just to be an ominous position for anyone who attempts to walk into this vicinity. And you see, about every five or six of these, there is a head adorning it, that has been just kind of wedge on, pushed as a warning. Yeah, you did, I don't think you've told us yet. Seven. Yeah, you glance around a little bit, nothing catches your eye, you're too focused on the goal at hand as you step through each barricade. As you go through the first set, already you can see the cluster of goliaths and as well as individuals that step forward and are like, "Hey, who are you bringing here?" And the elf behind you says, "Apparently a blood relative of Kevdak's." "Is this true?" And a few of the Goliaths step forward and say, "Oh, I doubt that." And the one on the other side says, "Blood relative, the only one is up inside." He steps forward and you see the next Goliath that you recognize, this is one of the older seers, who has one eye that is completely clouded over white and is this kind of swollen, puss filled socket, that has been kind of perpetually infected over time. "Thunder Lord"? At which point all the Goliaths step back, and some of them turn their blades or weapons around and - start slamming them on the ground in a rhythmic tone. (group groans) Over and over again, and some of them start going into slow chants (imitates chanting). And as this happens louder and louder, the clattering echos through the center of this market place, this now desolate space. Some of them that were clutching people just kind of throw them to the side and some of the peasants begin like scramble up against a wall, not knowing where to go. Or seemingly knowing that if they were to try to flee, it would be the very end of their existence and are just frozen in fear. As this is happening, you see at the Margrave's home, the multi-tiered homestead, this beautiful mansion, which is now smeared with gore, this dried dark brown and brittle, the flickering glow of interior candlelight catches your attention, until across the top floor, you see a balcony that looks over the entirety of this open area. And there the dark form of Kevdak steps out, a towering Goliath in his own right. As he comes forward, puts his hands on the railing, the rhythmic slamming of the weapons growing loud, like this cacophonous rhythm. His fingers slowly tense, and the wood splinters in his grasp as you can see before you, indeed the Titanstone Gauntlets themselves almost cartoonish in size, even against his large frame. He looks down with his gleaming red eyes, smooth bald head, no tattoo adorning it, but most of his entire body nearly black with scrawlings of ink for every single life he's taken as he's led this herd. He looks down. (laughter) Into the center of this area, down to you, with a joyous smile, almost and says, "Grog Strongjaw." "I would have never expected this, not in a very, very long time." "I've got to say, I've got to give credit to my boy for not being quite the fable maker that I thought he was, trying to appease me with the ideas of finishing a threat that was apparently left hanging." "So, you come here, cast away of the Herd of Storms." "You have my attention. Now what words do you bring my ears, before I tear them from your skull, boy?" Hello, uncle. The piece of shit you wiped off your boot has come home. When last we saw each other, you saw it fitting to beat down a mere child. I remember another child that got a beating. Seems like he came from your nut sack. (laughter) And my, what an easy task that was. "Sometimes the easiest are the most enjoyable." "If you let them string out for a long, long time." Well, a regular chip off the old block. If he's anything like his father, that is. So I'll tell you why I've come back. "Please, do." See, I've grown, I've learned, I've also watched as dragons took the mighty Kevdak, wielder of the Titanstone Knuckles, and made him bend the knee. I was wondering, do you also squat when you piss now? (laughter) There are a few chuckles, they're immediately silenced at the realization. Kevdak, seemingly un-flinched by this, he puts one hand on the railing and leaps over it, (imitates booming) landing on the stone platform that makes the roof of the initial walkway and foyer of this mansion. He steps out to the edge of it and crosses his arms, and goes, "See, that's your folly Grog, as it was your father's. You're shortsighted." "Survival isn't just chewing meat you find and killing what gets in your way." "If you pick a fight that you can't win, history won't remember a blood smear on anyone's boot." "The dragon was a stage." "I've not bent the knee like you think I have, I've merely let it co-exist for the time being." "But let's just say that dragon's days are numbered." "But it's a shame that you won't be around to see." Oh, fancy words for what I hear as surrender. But that's all right, I've always believed the world is what we make of it, and you've shown me exactly who you are. You've shown this herd exactly who you are and what they can expect to live a nice domesticated life, where the booty runs dry, where the women are scarce, where I'm sure there are plans this very minute to unseat you from your high horse. But I've come to do them a favor, they're not going to get that chance. You and me. I challenge you to single combat for the pride of this herd. (applause) At this moment, there is a long silence, as just a breeze kind of (imitates wind) finds it's way through the center of this town. Kevdak waits, motionless, at the top of the mansion precipice. Everyone else looks up to him, from you, their faces aghast at what just transpired and staring up to him atop the mansion. He looks down, one side of his mouth curls into a wicked smirk. He puts his hand up like this, and you see as the rows of archers that were along the roof tops of nearby buildings, lessen their grip on the bow and put the arrows away. He crosses his arms again. "We reserve the right of single combat to members of the Herd of Storms." "You haven't been a number within our midst for years, since you decided to lie there and bleed like a goat." "But, I can't say I'm not amused by your gall." "So, for the purposes of this bout, let it be known that Grog Strongjaw is a temporary member of the herd." "But the moment his lifeless corpse hits the stone, "he will be stripped of any honor and fed to the wolves." (growls) And he leaps off and lands cracking the stone beneath his feet. As he stands again, "Assemble the ring!" And you watch as all of the goliaths start grabbing and moving the barricades, scooting them into a circular pattern around the center of this area. Go ahead and fetch the town square if you could. That's true. I was like, did you steal toothpicks? He did. Yeah, where are we? We're flanking, slowly but surely. I'm a puff of clouds. Can I get on this balcony area? In mist form? Right, yeah. All righty. So at this time, as everyone assembles all the spikes inward in a circle position, and you stand in place, Kevdak walks into the center of the ring, he takes the gauntlets, puts a hand out, and one of the Goliaths comes up and takes a weapon that you haven't seen in a while, this dark red rust-colored ax is placed into his one hand, as the gauntlet grips around it, taking the Blood Ax in his hand, he closes his other fist and slams them together and as he slams them together with a sound of metal, his form warps and grows. And what was once already Kevdak, who held a good four to five inches on your height, swells to about 12 feet tall. Holy shit. Oh my God. Do we do anything right now? Not until he says so. Oh. Oh, he's consulting the book. Totally. What's an adventurer's kit run for? And we started late. I know, I know. I don't think I can forget. Fuck shit up! It's like the battle of blue balls. He's so big. Just five more minutes, five more minutes. You're at 133 out of your total? 201. (groaning) He's fine, he's fine. I'm doing nothing to him. Yeah, we'll have a video card next week. We may already have one thanks to Frye's Electronics. The fickleness of technology and the wondrous hard work of our crew. Make this still happen guys. Once again, as I don't know who it was that pointed it out, but we went 50 episodes. That was me. 50 episodes without any real huge..