Just don't think about it too much. How long have we been gone? Goddamn it. That's horrible for Percy. You've wanted to go your whole fucking life! Does the name Garmelie ring a bell? You titled Vex'ahlia. It is written on a piece of paper. Someone wrote it down, right? Show him the paper, Vex. We were committing. We were in Syngorn. Little gamey? You're going to pull-- screaming in his face. What the fuck? I pull out the piece of the petrified crocodile. We killed this, too. This is all that's left of him. Percy, I am so sorry. I know how badly you wanted to go there. But here's the good news. Now that I've been there, we can go back at any time. Yeah, we've been, naturally, without alcohol. Yes, I could use a glass of wine. You had a lovely time. We can go back. We'll take a lovely vacation. I wonder if it has a name. And how long does he last? He just lives until he's done? Good doggie. Jarett! So it is like Saturday here, right? Time runs the same? So it wasn't yesterday? When did they leave? Haven't seen him in a while. Jarett? Has there been any eyes on the green dragon here recently? Okay, thank you. Do we know where? Okay. Thank you. Same. Same to you, Asum. I'm so sorry. That's our home. Wyvern. I heard wife. Wait, his wyvern guard is often...? Oh, that's still me manufacturing shit. Okay. Do we have any known whereabouts on the white or the green dragon? She's on my shit list. What did he just say? What? Is this just with a simple Scrying spell? Okay. Yes, and as we've learned before, Scrying can alert your position. Oh my god. I turn to Cassandra. We need to get all of the citizens underground, immediately. I go out and I do a Skywrite in the sky again. They already know we're here! Making pictures in the clouds right above the city. It's fine. And what about the citizens? Do it by hand? We might not have that much time. They're coming this way! Fuck! 26. It's Thordak's army. Asum said himself we're eastward. We're directly in its path. Dragons have truesight. They already know we're here. Any second we wait longer, more people could die! Percy. Percy! Percy. You have five seconds to come up with a better fucking plan, or I am doing it. It's clear they're not deviating the path. I would throw up the De Rolo crest, just like before. It's a good alert sign. Then come up with a better damn plan. Percy. They're scouting us. Okay. I go to the cavern under the Sun Tree and I start casting Move Earth and I start clearing it as fast as I can. As fast as I can. Fallout cavern style. Big, lower, bigger, lower. What do you mean? The fucking ziggurat! I go the other way! Fallout style. Little pods. Hi, Pike. Sorry. Maybe you can look at his head later. Percy, are you sure it's okay for me to let these people out? I start slowly releasing people from the pods. I go up to Percy. I hope you know that I would never-- I thought that Draconia's on a whole another continent. Four left. Because we have Whisper, right? So there's five. Yeah. Yes. A lot are there. A lot of-- at least all of our guards from Emon are in Syngorn, right? Not our personal guards, but Emon's guards. There's also the Ashari druids, who will definitely want to help our cause. I can spend more time fleshing out and reinforcing the bunkers to make them-- Yeah, the black one, Umbrasyl is the one that's-- Black ones like torture, right? We left our names. And just as much as we can scry on them, they can scry on us. I'm sure they've been watching us. Judging based on what happened in Emon, we know that they have an insider, we just don't know who yet. During a council meeting. Someone probably very high up. Hey, Travis! How is it you're on this side of the table? Scanlan and I will share one. No. Well, he's here now, so Fire Plane's probably safer! The City of Brass is in the Plane of Fire. We've covered that. The city is in the Plane of Fire. Ank'Harel is on the continent of-- what's it's called? What's the continent? I suddenly blanked on it. You just said it. Marquet. It's on the continent of Marquet. Also another plane of existence. That's in the Nine Hells. Months but we also don't want to wait until-- But the Ozmit Sea is where the Water Ashari reside. And I have to go there anyway. It's also where Pike is very familiar. I'm pretty sure that's the sea that she sailed? Whisper, the blade. Elsewhere. You mentioned about having our own mole at one point. Our own inside man. And I agree, we might not be able to wait to get them all before we start taking on dragons. We might want to do both. And first level characters, which we are not. Pitting the dragons against each other? Yeah, he's right there. Or we can always teleport. I can Tree Stride. I can always Tree Stride. I can scry and look at a tree. Whatever. They all sound the same. I can scry, look at a tree, and then we go through that tree. I'm hoping there's a tree on that continent. When you're scrying on dragon. Yeah, the tree doesn't know it's being spied on. Do you remember us walking into the town center to kill Kevdak? That wasn't sneaky. Yeah. We pull the trigger on one, we pull the trigger on all of them. We can't really stroll up to it and be like-- We are very good at picking fights. It's getting the dragons to pick fights on others. We've got to think about it. Breeding hostility between the two is something that could take weeks, which we don't have. But how? It literally involves going to one dragon and saying Hey, did you hear what that other dragon said about you? That's all I got. Wait, hang on. That first thing you said. I think I might have an idea. Okay, we know the white dragon is vain. What?! Yeah, you went to 11 there on let's start continuing the genocide. But we need to get something started. Here's what we learned. At dawn we drink some more. We learned that Thordak is enslaving sculptors to build his image all around Emon. What we have learned is it seems that each of the dragons have picked a city, a domain. Maybe this domain was part of the bargain to join Thordak's cause. Help me, you get your own city. So I bet the white dragon would be real pissed off if statues of Thordak started popping up around Draconia. Or the green dragon. And didn't we see something similar in Umbrasyl's and when we killed the blue? Yeah, remember, it cracked and it was like, I'm coming for you! And we were like, we don't know what that means! And we ignored it. I said we start planting statues of Thordak or Raishan in other dragons' territories. Ultimately, though, what we need is we need someone who knows the dragons' weaknesses. We need to know what pushes their buttons. Well, because we know that Thordak is definitely vain. And we're assuming-- sorry-- that they'll ask instead of jumping to conclusions. And we wonder why people hate us. Hashtag Team Vorugal. Is Ank'harel and the Ozmit Sea in the same area? Can we hit one on our way to the other? We could do a triple. Because I have to get to the Water Ashari at some point. We're on Tal'Dorei. What is? Plant some seeds. What time is it? I have an idea. Thank you. Can you Seeming us to all look like lizard army members? We fought them on the airship, too, right? To get as many innocents out as we can. I figured if we find good fighters once again, and do our tree, our teleport thing-- But it could be the 13 people that could change the tide. That's what I'm saying. I don't think that's a good idea. Well, here's something else I want to put into perspective. If I scry and teleport us to the black dragon's lair, I can do one more scry, and then I would burn my seventh level spell to get us there again, and then I'd be tapped out. We wouldn't be able to bamf out that day. We'd be staying the night. I could not teleport us. It depends on how many times. I've got two teleports, so I can teleport us there and teleport us out, but we'd be doing it from here. I used Plane Shift. I didn't use Transport Via Plants. Yes. Wait. No. I Moved Earth. I can't do it today. It has to be tomorrow. And if that's the case, it's tomorrow, then we lose that two-day grace period. Unless we go right now and sleep overnight in Draconia and start first thing in the morning. Yeah. I'm saying I cast Plane Shift from the Feywild to here. That's all I'm saying. But I used that, and that's a seventh level spell. We're getting a lot of cons. There's not so many pros. There's also no guarantee that they're going straight back there. Maybe they're heading somewhere else. They were heading with an army to somewhere. It's probably not a city they've already conquered. Balls. Then where did they come from? What were they doing? We came up with nothing. All right, let's sleep. Let's go to the castle. Do I hear Vax go to his room? I'm waiting to hear Vax go to his room. I go to sleep. Protector and growth. Basically an Irish breakfast. Speaking of friends, we should probably check up on ours. We haven't heard anything about him. I know. He's hard-headed enough. So all of those things are very true. You're starting to make less and less sense, Percy. Aye. Where's that coin we have? Okay! 20 is Marquet and a one is Draconia. We can make ourselves look like dragonborn with Seeming? We can go to Umbrasyl's lair, but it'll take an extra day, because I can only teleport us so many times. Hold on a second. We have two choices if we're going to Draconia we can either go to Umbrasyl's lair to scry from there, then teleport there, which means we will be staying the night in Draconia. In Draconia. Well, I'd scry. They could theoretically, if we get caught. Okay. I have the map of Draconia, let me just see if I can scry-- No, we don't know if he's in Draconia. I know of the things that Tiberius has told us. I don't need to have a known location, right? I can just scry in a general area, yeah? Lockheed has a higher chance of being dead than Tiberius. Well, this could answer our question. If I can't find anybody, then we might be going to Marquet. I guess it's Tiberius, then? He's all I got. It's got to be someone that I know? It can't be something I've heard about? Are we gambling on Tiberius being there? I am gambling on whoever we scry to, because they could all be dead. Theoretically, four times. That's right, you've got that goddamn thing. Give me the stone. Thank you! It doesn't go away, right? Yeah. Let's do this! Start with Tiberius. Can I try it? Will it expend another spell? It lasts for ten minutes? Oh, per spell. Yeah, I'm burning my own spells. It makes me very nervous. I'm going to try Lockheed. His dad could be in a place where he's being watched. Do I find any trees? 19. Does it appear to be natural? And large enough to fit Grog? Yeah, one of those. Any other trees? Is this the biggest or closest one? How big is the ravine? How deep is it? Not a good option. Did it look like a natural cavern or a man-made cavern that Lockheed was in? Like he found a little cave and is hiding? Oh, he's on the side of the ravine. They could be citizens, they could be creatures? I just saw movement of figures, I didn't see any details? This is ridiculous. Bungee-jumping out of a tree! This is the stupidest-- I didn't see Draconia. I saw the ravine, and it was snowy, so we can assume it's nearby. But I didn't see Draconia, did I? But did I see a city in my scry? Once again, Lockheed could have flown miles away. All right, fuck it! Let's do it. Are we going to tie ourselves to each other again, like before? Oh, this is such a stupid idea... This is stupid. This is so stupid! We've done so many fucking stupid things. But this is really stupid. I cast Transport Via Plants on that big, fatty tree! Everyone ready? TALIESIN and Oh, that's not too bad. 22. I cast a Grasping Vine to grab Grog. Can I look, too? Can I do a nature check to see if I can see the origin, the epicenter of the storm? Like the eye of the storm? Where it's coming from? 16. I think the dragon's lair is that way. You said it was a mile. Can we traverse through the bottom of the ravine to get there in that direction? He was the odd man out. Stealthily. That means Thordak was here. They attacked the cities as a horde. I thought you said ash. I'll join in, too. I don't do insight checks too often, I'm sorry. 22. Is this all being said in Draconic? My tail's gone! Bummer. But I enjoyed it. That's a cool title. Tooma. It is not a tumor. I could work with that. Can I get a sense on when this was carved? If this was carved recently or if this has been here a while? Ooh, 27. Tiberius never mentioned this side of Draconia. No tails. Hi! Totally have a plan. Come again? Sabotage, from the inside. We kill this one, it'll set off a chain reaction that we might not be able to recover from if we're not fully prepared. We're a motley crew. To be fair, what guarantee do we have that you won't kill us, and the ambush was meant for us? I believe there is untrust on both sides. I think faith and trust are not mutually exclusive. I can not trust you and still have faith, and you should not feel lack of pride for living in the dirt, or surviving. There's nothing wrong with that. But I understand your urge to want to rebuild, become the great culture that I know you all are. So you should at least trust that we have similar interests in the end. Ooh! 19! Opal's back! 25. We can give you that word. Is she talking about me? That's awesome! Is that his name? I know. Always sucks going west to east. Yeah, I'm paying attention to the trees. That's the biggest tree that's now closest to us. Now that's the biggest tree that's now closest to us. Now that one. 28. Natural fucking 20. The ears have walls. It's buried by ice, but that doesn't mean it doesn't work. The Ravenites. Do we have to use the orb? All right. Hang on. Let's think about this for a minute. Yeah, let's do that. Ravenites. He might. That's what I was thinking. Maybe this isn't about destroying something. Maybe it's about planting something. If we destroy anything, the dragon's going to immediately blame the locals. I could leave trees. We also have this Scrying Eye. Can I use this remotely? This might be something we go to the Slayer's Take for. They always have a roster of big beasts. Wow. That's soon. I will leave you with a parting gift. I will leave you with a grove of trees that should be ever-growing and present. He will. One? I can plant these trees anywhere. Just need solid ground. I can possibly do it subterranean. Where does the dragon not tread? Where do you know he will not see the trees? We can't even pretend like he was our friend. His home was with us. I start melting ice. I take and I rip off a piece of his robes. Tuck it away. Keyleth drops to her knees and starts crying. He was so stupid. He should have never left our side. I follow Percy. Let's go home. Back to Whitestone. Yeah. I do Plant Growth. Make a big old tree. Wherever we decided it was best to create the tree. I give the Sun Tree a little pat. Knock on Vax's door. Can I stay with you tonight? I just go in. I need a stiff drink. Yay.