Yes, shots first, then draw. You go first. I'm going to be at Lock and Load this weekend in Seattle, which is the War Machine Hordes con for Privateer Press. Yeah! It's awesome, I'm going to be dressed up in my Scar costume. It's going to be awesome, I'm going to be doing a big transformation with Espionage. Yeah, and we're actually going to be pushing the stream; they're going to be streaming it and Geek&Sundry is going to be hosting the Lock and Load stream, so tune in and watch me prance around at Lock and Load in Seattle. Yeah, some intense stripper heels, yeah. I'm Haley and Deneghra and Fiora. You already did it? 50 subscribers. Don't we normally hit that in, like, a show? Oh, a whole other set? There's another one? Oh look, and it's green. You're winning green speckled dice, like squid colors. I'm justifying. Shut up, Liam! (laughter) Yeah. Well, hang on. Maybe before we unstone Kima, we talk about what we should do with the Horn. Well, yes, I mean why does she want to take it back up to the surface if it's that terrible? Why don't we just throw it in some lava? Well, we're around lava, right? Okay, so Clarota, how much time do we have before something happens next? So wait, am I still an elemental? Is that the deal? You didn't have me roll. I thought I was immune to this kind of stuff. (groans) What do I-- not good. We should've gotten out of here! 21, as well. Okay, wait, you guys run. I can start bringing down the palace. I'm going to start bringing down the temple! Are we okay with that? Well, I mean it'll take some time, I'm sure. Wait, does this mean you can go and we'll distract? All of us except for Laura and Trinket. Look, look, I do double damage to objects and structures. That's the thing, I'm really good at tearing shit down. That's why I'm not talking about fighting, I'm talking about collapsing buildings! I think my best use-- I agree we need to get out of here, but I'm going to-- What, so the Elder Brain-- is this a wooden well, or a stone well? What is this? Here's what I can do. I can start breaking the well, or I can start blocking entrances. I can start pulling down-- The second one? All right. Who's coming in from where? All right, I am going to-- I can make it there, right? That's 35 feet? All right, all right! All right. I am taking down the doors. No, I'm going to start-- can I bull rush, not necessarily right next to the door but like right here, and I'm going to elemental-slam into the wall and siege monster this. 35 feet. Yeah! Well, actually, no. When I move through stone I think I can move 60 feet! Perfect! So I materialize, using my girth to take up the door, and then I just go (deep voice) boom! And start bringing it down. Slam, I guess. 26! Correct. Double damage. So (laughs) okay. So does full damage, plus five, so that's 21-- 42 points of damage. I like it! It feels good! This is what I bathe in! 15-foot pile? Whatever, it'll make it harder. Right, that's my turn. Things can hurt really bad and not do that much damage. What happened? Fuck you, little brains. You're so smart! The 20 carries over one, right? (laughter) You take the one and you carry it over. Shut up! The fuck! Can you chop the dude's arms off? It's rare. It's a rare delicacy. That's true, you're the only one with a bird's-eye view. Once, just this once, please? I can make, I'm going to-- aw, crap. I'm going to phase down, and I'm going to pop up, and I'm going to break the well that's holding the Elder Brain. Not where I might hurt Vax. You might have to do, like, a flippy-poo off it. Can I? Can I flip? Oh, okay, so I want to take and I want to just punch to crack a big side of it to help spill out the brains. Bust the side of it open. I mean, it's an item, it's a stationary rock, so what do I add? Oh wait, I add-- so plus-- sorry, I'm not used to this. Plus eight, 16? 20 damage. Hope they have flood insurance. (groans and laughter) The Geico slayer! Flo just got real, all right? Flo just got real. From Progressive Flo? All the flow of the-- you know what, never mind. Yes, just the one. My slam attack is-- Oh no, wait! I have multi-- earth elemental makes two slam attacks! I could have done that last time? Yeah, I'm just going to take the other chunk and punch it. You can? It's cocked. 16 plus eight, so 22. Ugh, four plus-- 18 damage. I closed the one, but then he said that they could levitate so I decided it wasn't worth it. Seal the other one, too. I only partially sealed it. Betraying bastard. Traitor! Traitor! There's someone on Pike, right? Pew pew! That's why we're all burnt out on spells. Vax? Pick up Vax? Hey you guys! Yes! I know! It's like constant fight or flight. This should fix your sleep schedule though, right? I'm an elemental, so. Oh, I do? Okay, then 18. Start getting us out. Because we still have these fuckers we have to-- For now, but people can beat through those doors. That's not a permanent thing. Well, we can start gathering our shit and packing up. We can start packing up. We've got to get Kima out. Can you make one of those baby slings? Stuff her in your belt? Yes. That Crossfit training come in handy. What's happening? Oh, it's okay. My reflex-- I use my dex modifier for my elemental, correct? Ten. Yeah, I've got 100 hit points still. So how many points? 21? Yeah, I'm good. Okay, what's the situation with the brain soup? And how are the brains? Are just brains just floating downstream? Like a jello mold of a brain. And there's fluid coming out from underneath of it? Okay, here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to be like, phase under, phase down, and I'm going to get under where the brain would be, and I'm going to Superman punch it! From underneath. 23! (laughs) 11? Wait, is that my-- Oh, 22! You're right, 22. Okay, that sounds fun. 14? Okay, yeah, same, 21. Come on. Oh, that's better. 16. Eight. Do I stay or do I get out? In my burrowing speed, right? So, I'm going to start burrowing up the side of the mountain-- up the side of the temple, so I can pop out next to them. 60. Okay. I'm in the wall. Oh god, we're still in a war zone! Maybe you'll freeze it. Can you represent us accurately? I have so much adrenaline during these kind of fights. You've got that inspiration die. Do you want some more dice? Take it, take it. Give it to her, please. What does? Go bold! I'm going to take the rest of my burrow speed to get up to the top. I'm assuming I'm there? Okay. Drop earth elemental. Would you say-- Theoretically. Our brains are made up of water, right? Would you say that there is water in the like jello brain mold, like water molecules would be in it? Okay. I don't know much in terms of arcana, but I can try. Ten. Okay. I'm going to cast Control Water. I'm going to assume that there's water, it's 300 feet, I got the range and I'm going to take the brain where it's already kind of sliced down the middle where Vex has already made progress, I'm going to take it and I'm just going to rip it apart. Okay. 23. I'll take it, I'll take it. They'll have a really bad hangover tomorrow. Ooh! Just 3d6 or plus anything? 15. Cool. (laughter) Come on, Pike! New dice! Classic Tiberius. Oh, come on. Come on! Will not die. Let's get out. He's got Polymorph. Okay. Well first and foremost I'm going to get on the carpet. Secondly, I am going to-- Okay, wait, Trinket's stunned? Wait, shove him? No, I can't shove him. Okay, can I do this? Okay, here's what I'm going to do. I'm on the carpet. I'm going to cast Grasping Vine from the carpet and wrap around Trinket and have a Trinket tow vine. Let's go! Can I now use the rest of my movement to be like-- Okay, I'm just holding. Stupid wrench. Run! Oh, we're not in Greyskull. So we're somewhere in Emon. So we could be in someone's living room right now? Hi. We will totally do that when we know-- Oh my god! Keyleth just goes down on her knees and starts kissing the ground. Oh, we're home. Look! Stars! I was going to say, what bars are open? We should get some ale. Wait, maybe we should drop off the Bag of Holding so we're not carrying it around. And then go out drinking. Yes, exactly. Exactly. Oh, we've got time. Yes, let's do that! Pub crawl! We're going to pub crawl back to the Keep. We lived! A first impression of Keyleth would leave you with little information on the half-elven druid. You might even think that her social awkwardness due to her sheltered upbringing is kind of sweet. (chuckle) Of course, it would be unwise to underestimate her based on first impressions. (thunder) Under that unintimidating petite frame is a vicious beast waiting to be unleashed, whose natural powers have made even the fiercest of champions pee their pants, literally! (soft chuckle) Born to the Air Tribe of the Ashari people, Keyleth was raised with a deep love of nature and the elemental magics. It is her people's inherent duty to protect the delicate areas in Tal'Dorei where the four elemental planes begin to bleed with this realm. Since she was a little girl, she had quite a knack for air manipulation and beast shaping abilities. Well, if you consider kittens and flying squirrels to be little beasts. Which, I do. (clears throat) Anyways, it wasn't long before the headmaster of the tribe, her father, Korren, realized her true prodigious abilities and she was inveterated to succeed him as the next headmaster. Just like that, her jovial childhood was stripped and replaced with endless spell memorization, teachings from ancient traditions, and exceedingly high expectations. Every druid leader to be must embark on a journey to seek out the sister tribes in order to introduce and establish respect amongst the fellow headmasters. They call this the Aramente, or Noble Odyssey. When her father felt she was ready, he set her on the path to truly discovering herself, not knowing when, or if, she will ever return. As she hiked down the mountain towards Stillben, she meditated on the task ahead. Part of the Aramente is proving yourself a strong warrior, a valiant protector, and a wise and compassionate leader. With this knowledge, one thought plays on repeat in her mind Is she even worthy? No. Shayne, is that Shayne? Or wait, is that Jarett? Oh, it is Shayne, I was right the first time! Shayne! We have Shayne, Cordell, Jarett, Kendrick, and Nitebe. Jarett? I think so. I didn't write that part down. Starving. It's quite comfy sleeping like an animal. We might want to let them know. That's interesting. Well, why don't we do some research, I mean, this was the first time. To be fair, we also did sort of release the mind flayers from their evil dictator. Okay, well, the thing we then need to immediately decide, before we un-stone Lady Kima, is what're we going to do with the Horn? Before we un-stone Lady Kima? Why don't we just wake up Tiberius? Okay, hang on, hang on. That's true, she did send us after Kima, so what if they're both on the side that we don't-- Don't we have a safe? Didn't we build a safe in our Keep? I just feel like if it's so terrible, why does she want it for herself? Right, because no one of the church has ever been bad before. I undo his Polymorph, I undo his Polymorph. SAM and By Polymorph. Can I release Polymorph by using Polymorph? Scanlan, come on. We need to talk to him. Scanlan, he's nipping! Scanlan. Tiberius is nipping. Please. I told you. It's nice being cuddly. We're all still drunk and awake. We don't want to go to bed yet! Just, just talk with us. Tell us a story! We haven't talked to you in a week. That's true. See, I'm with him. And you died. And come back to life. By the way, we haven't talked about that. What was it like on the other side? Oh, I'm sorry. I'm a little tipsy. Well, here's my thing. Even if she has good intentions. Say she has good intentions and maybe they just wanted to bring the horn back to study it. And no one should be messing with this whatsoever. Then why don't we just agree to not hand it over. I kind of like that plan. We need to decide, do we tell her that we destroyed it, or do we tell her that we just didn't get it and that it's still down there. Well, hang on, it's in the Bag of Holding right now? I mean, we could Stone Shape it and I could like Stone Shape it and bury it somewhere in our Keep. Wait. You're talking about just taking a stroll through the forest with the Horn of Orcus? I turn, I go Minxie and I curl up by the fire. You can curl up with me. Actually, is there a bath house in the village? We should have a girls' day at the bath house. Wait! Are we unfreezing her? TALIESIN and No, I thought we were going to talk to Allura first. Oh wait, that's right. And we were going to do that thing. That's right, I was probably tipsy, sorry. We came up with like eight plans last night. I just get the leftover mashed potatoes from breakfast. Whisper time! Sweet, sweet whispers. How many subscribers away are we? 38 subscribers. TRAVIS, MARISHA, and That is still a lot. Okay. Pike. So, Kima. Pie-in-the-sky goal? You would destroy the Horn? Just within range. That was for all of us? Oh, we have one of the best defense mechanisms. Grog! I use my Druidcraft as he enters to make little sparkles and lightning bugs appear around him. "Grog!" We lived! Holy shit, we lived. Crazyballs. Oh yeah. We had two sparkles and a green one. Sweet. Aw, that's a good idea! That's fun! Awesome. (sing) Slow your mustang down. We're your morning show? Closing shifts are the worst. That's where all of our crits were going. Take the disc out, send back the case. Oh, it was Kalina! Love it. Critters! They made a twitter, @critterhaiku, which is super-fun. Gotta learn to read those haikus. We love you guys! So much fun. What is that? Look at that shit, he's got a magic carpet! So many daggers. They're little flowers! Holy crap. I'm pretty sure she has an Etsy store. Oh my god! What does yours look like? Whoa, with the whitewash on it. Wait, did everyone roll 20s on their first roll? I rolled a four. These are crazy! Holy balls! Oh my gosh, that's so pretty! That's awesome! Ellie, whoever made the jewelry, to tweet at us and let us know her Etsy store. Ellie did the dice. The pendants were from Ipec. From @millena, let us know about your Etsy. Yeah, the punk teenagers made fun of him? We're tweeting pictures of our dice and our things so everyone can see now.