It was so hard to keep secret. I guess I could go right-- On the Critical Role Twitter and Facebook right now. Download it, @criticalrole. It's done. Four hours! Specifically, Misti did a lot of our beauty makeup, Bianca did Travis, and Heather did all of our ears. Because ears take a lot of time! Yes, and she has an Etsy store, actually Creature of Habit on Etsy. So follow her on Instagram and of course you can go-- she makes all these amazing flower crowns; she's basically a real-life faerie. It is a magical Instagram, Creature of Habit. Thank you Bryan, we love you! And he's got a youtube channel, Mars Rising, which is great. And I did a Splinter Cell guards sketch that I did with him a while ago Oh! That's awesome; Jon's awesome. Go check his stuff out. She's a coat designer. And Pam did the photo of the wallpaper. Go follow her on Instagram! She's great. You're appropriate for Scanlan. She's back! That sounds better. They're super soft. To Big Lots. Yeah, just a few cartloads We have transcended, you guys. I mean. Mainly because we ran out of time. I heard a few things that seemed very desireable. But some of us are still older, right? Weird. I don't think this is actually the time of day, I don't think nature works the same around this temple. Kind of, but it's always magic time of day. I'm all right with that. We could try and hoof it home. I thought she was the one that he-- That's something we're going to have to Restoration away. You should really look at this as a nice peek into the future. It's not bad. So, we are taking a short rest? I'm going to burn a couple of hit dice. What? We do and we have some boar meat. Oh fuck! No! No! You're lying! Pike is it the sword, is it the sword? While she does Greater Restoration, I want to go over and-- -- grab the sword and see-- yeah, actually, can I do like a-- What? Why not?! Wait, what do you mean it spoke to you? Scanlan, what should I do with this sword? Should I cast something through it to try and purge whatever it is out of it? I can do like a Sunbeam spell, that's like a light spell. I didn't bring anything because we decided to hoof it. I didn't bring a transportation spell because we decided to walk. Has it been enough time? I could cast an Enhance Ability spell. That's true. Why is he taking a picture? It's either really good or really bad. This is bullshit. Are we sure it's him? Scanlan? Percy? Percy, are we sure? Can I also do an insight check? Can I assist him or make an insight as well? Sorry. 23. Grog! How many fingers am I holding up? I think it's him. All right. How many more of us are going to die?! Do you want to explain this, Grog? No, no, no! It was never your sword, was it, Grog? Yes, Percy? Well, what should we do with it? We should get rid of it? Wait, no, we're not putting that in the Bag of Holding. That sounds like a terrible idea. However, let me read something really fast. Pike knew about it as well? Wait, how many people knew about this? I might be able to Banish it. No, I can do a more permanent version of that. I've never tried it before. And it's a 7th-level spell. And I hate to be the one to point it out, but I feel like you've been almost a little bit more brutal than you usually are here lately, which is almost impressive. It just killed you. Maybe a family heirloom? I can attempt to Plane Shift this into another dimension. What all has it told you, Grog? Well, Grog said he's been talking to it, which makes-- It served its purpose. You got its fair use. You got your money's worth, which was free. Like one of us? You want to sacrifice your own leg for a sword? And you were far powerful before the sword. You killed Lord Briarwood without the sword. The sword didn't make you Grog. All right. Should I attempt to banish this thing forever? It's called Plane Shift, I can shift it into its own little pocket dimension where it'll stay and nothing else can get to it. All right. So looking at Plane Shift, it says you can use this spell to banish an unwilling creature to another plane. But I can also transport eight willing creatures, so can I hold the sword and attempt to Plane Shift it away? Ooh. Ooh! Ooh! The pocket dimension of the green-eyed boy. The golden-eyed boy. Yes, it was empty, it was his own dimension and he's dead. What? Nothing. I could easily send it to one of the Nine Hells, where I'm sure someone would be very happy with the new gift they just found. Exactly. Yes, but you forget that all these planes cross over. We have fought many a demon. I mean, does anyone else have any better ideas where to send this thing? That's true. I mean, it's its own little pocket. It's at least blocked off. That we know of. I'm going to go for that Dread Emperor dimension. And you do have this terrible habit of liking to push problems on other people. Wait, you want to do Greater Restoration, why? It needs a wielder, Percy. That's what I'm afraid of as well. Pike, be careful. Pike, let go, let go. Before it-- Let go of it! It didn't attach itself to you now, did it, or anything? I reach out and I Plane Shift it to the pocket dimension of the Dread Emperor. I know how that spell works now! That's nice. Oh my god, we can get like a little kid leash for you. It'll be like that scene in Inception. Can I blow my last 5th-level spell to Greater Restoration somebody from their age? Who wants to go first? No, just one tonight. The rest of y'all have to stay old. All right, come here, Vax. Yeah. (laughter) (laughs) I'm going to put that aside. I mean, I could mist, I could Wind Walk us. Do we want to Wind Walk it? My 6th-level spell. Negative. It's like a wizard thing. I mean, do you need to talk to Dad? Oh, again. Should we run? Ten. Well, we should probably stop by and tell them that their problem has been handled. Why can't we stop by now? They're right here, we might as well pop in. We'll forget if we don't do it now. I know us. It'll be three months before we come back, and then we'll be like, by the way-- Let's just talk to them real fast. Okay. We pop in, we're like, hey. This is the first one. It's like that scene in the second Matrix. It's next on the list. Dragons. Farewell, Cornelius. No, I'm good. That guy's a weasel. That was a gift, I'm pretty sure. It's a loaner, it's on loan for the foreseeable future until we save the world. And probably not Kevdak. Well, here's my question there's got to be hundreds of people still left in Westruun. It could take hours to evacuate a city of that size. Grog. If someone kills Kevdak, say hypothetically you, who takes control of the Herd after that? Well then, why do we need to evacuate the city if you could theoretically have control over it? I have a feeling you're going to be the most attractive bait that we can think of. We'll be nearby. I think we won't need to worry about freeing the villagers if we can defeat Kevdak. I'm pretty sure all those things are actually true. Sure. We can make you look as cool as you want. That's undeniable. Pretty nice. Plus, I mean, it's like wearing really cool robes. Right, Scanlan? You know, there's nothing wrong with wanting to look cool. But that was years ago! Right, but you have to remember it's-- right, yes, pretty much. What you said. It's a city under siege, under siege, it's meta under siege, under siege from the goliaths and then again from the dragons. That's true. They have wyverns who have been running patrol. TRAVIS and But we haven't been hanging out over Westruun. No, not at all. But that's actually not a bad idea. We're still outside the camp, right? How about this why don't we hike to the outskirts of Westruun, camp out the rest of the evening, keep an eye out, and just scout for a little bit? I can be on the roofs nearby along with Vex and Percy doing range. And I can do the Hallucinatory Terrain thing again. It has been a while. And I do love using that spell. All right. All right, so we're going to hike to the outskirts of Westruun. 32. 19. What? Maybe it's a matter of respect, Percy. I think they already knew we were here. We do this tonight? They don't know we're here. It could be anyone who could've cut him down. Why would they suspect us? I would suspect the village people first. Did we not just learn anything? Let's go. Can I also spend some time practicing a Protection from Energy potion? I do. Not enough to where I can't, you know, sleep, but just, you know. Protection from Energy is a 3rd-level spell. (musical tone) All right. Okay. Percy and I strategize. I think it starts right now. Sure, yeah, yeah. Yes, I can dig a trench pretty quickly, honestly, if we want to go the trench route? Is that we were thinking? I could theoretically dig the trench possibly without anybody noticing, like tunnel underground and just tunnel it out and maybe even, you know. Leave like a thin layer of dirt, possibly? I dunno. Maybe. Like Dig Dug. Exactly the same thing. That's what I'm saying. And I could possibly maybe carve it thin enough to where when they run over it it'll collapse. Well, I was also hoping, oh, and explode it as they run by-- Also, if we could maybe have something fancy at the bottom of it to, you know. Finish them off. Yeah, I thought the trench was to thin the herd. Literally. I mean, it could also further instill Grog being powerful and undead. With him, right, like he's a necromancer. Yes. Moe. This is also George Foreman. These three guys are also George Foreman. All right, give me a little bit of time to dig a ditch. We're not going to worry about that. No. They don't care. Scanlan, can you do it with an illusion instead of an actual, physical person? Just an illusion? It could make theoretical sense if you're still undead Stonejaw, because, you know, decomposition I'm sure shrinks you a little bit. While you guys figure it out, I'm going to start digging a trench. No no no, I'm good. I'm good. You stay. I don't want to blow our cover, I'm going to do this all underground. So outside of the city I'm going to start digging underground and I'm going to start digging a trench. I'm moving earth, I'm going to go underground. And it lasts up to two hours. I want to go underground and tunnel towards-- And do-- and I want to make it really thin to where there's a nice thin layer of earth, and then I want to make it really deep. Uh-huh, and I can concentrate on a 40-square-foot for ten minutes. And each ten minutes I can change it. Yeah. Yeah. So real deep. I want to make sure it's wide enough to cover the whole entrance as well. Uh-huh. Underground. I rolled a 19. And I have a stealth of 11. Okay. 180 feet. That'll do. And I can make the ground thin enough to where it's not going to support weight, yeah? Ah, jeez Louise. Ooh. 19. Cool. Cool cool cool. Did I get a little black powder from you? Can I put a little black powder in the top of the dirt? Whatever he gave me. So I pepper it in the top, where if it gets hit it's going to go boom. Maybe it works. Maybe. I don't know. Okay, okay. Can you be a floating head inside of a hamster ball? Well, he can be on a roof. With the hat? With your hat? I mean, theoretically we'll be stationed throughout, and we'll have our earpieces, correct? I also have both of my beast shaping, still, so I can always fly in and evac you. Let's do it! Can we get a Pass Without a Trace while we all get to our positions? I could give us a fog cloud. I've already burned it. I mean, we can still go underground, I have a tunnel built to a certain point. Yeah, everyone be mindful of the pit, I point it out to everyone where the pit is so we can go around it. I can Polymorph a couple people. No. Sorry. I can Polymorph one person as a stealth kind of deal. Do we want to get up on the wall? There's like a wall, right, around the city? He really is a really fast walker. I cast Polymorph on Percy and turn him into a crow. Also, I use my beast shape to go into a crow. (crow noise) (crow noise) And we fly to the walls and perch on opposite sides on the entrance. (crow noises) But you're Scanlan, you can do this. Oh shit. Why do we even bother to plan? I spent a 6th-level spell building that trench, it had better come in handy.