Oh yeah! We did those awesome playlists like a year ago, and if you didn't know, by the way, we did playlists about a year ago, each one of us, for our characters. You should go and check them out. They are deep somewhere in the Geek and Sundry website. Our Spotify playlists. They were really good! Yeah, they actually give a lot of insight, if you pay attention. So yeah! Go look at our playlists, because we are going to be doing a round two, starting next week. Because it has been like 50 some odd episodes, and a lot of shit has happened. And Jello. Yes. Yay. It's fun. Oh no, he hazes us, man. Yeah. What if we get an airship, and put the ziggurat inside of it? I feel we need to scout the location first? Let me scry, then we will bamf through a tree. Sound good? No, we have to go. Yes! I can scry. Yeah. I got my Scry Ball. I am-- Do we know someone in Fort Daxio? Well, Reginald is dead. This was after the goliaths? Do we not know anybody at Fort Daxio? Okay, hang on, wait. Is Fort Daxio near Syngorn? Are there any guards from Emon here? Because the guards were also the guards from Emon went to Syngorn. So maybe someone in one of the guards knows one of the guards in Fort Daxio. Yeah. Is there an easier way to go about this? I am going to go and see if I can find one of the Whitestone guards. Oh! I am not good at these. I think that it's a 12; let me double check my investigation. I don't do this a whole lot. Yeah, 12. So they're more militant? Or like, the army? You don't have any army friends? Are there any army friends here? Where? Where? Point me. (shouting) All right! I go that way! Guys, this sucks! We don't know anyone in Daxio! All right. If Gilmore doesn't know anybody, then we are going to the nearest location, and then we're hoofing it. All right, let's go talk to Gilmore. I mean, we don't necessarily need to know anybody if you happen to know a very fast way to get to Daxio. Yeah! Yeah. All right. Back to Allura. Trip three times. All right. Are you fine doing that? I can get us back, yeah. That's kind of a dick. What's a shit-ball? Well, actually, that's a good point. Whose fort is this? So this is Emon's military? Not Syngorn's. Well, yeah. If this is for Emon, then it's for Emon. Do we have any idea on who we're talking to? I imagine a kid with a kazoo. (laughter) Horn noises? Stocked? You said we saw 40? Thordak is changing the entire landscape to be very similar to the Fire Plane. All of Syngorn, actually. How is the land around the fort? Do you have any farm land currently? It takes eight hours, but it seems like we might have to do some field trips anyway. Forgive us, we've just been through a lot, Elle. I reach in and I pull out one of the teeth and throw it on the table. Did you see that? Thanks, guys. What's unconsciousness? (nervous laughter) We noticed a few of the trebuchets when we walked in. How many of those do you have? Percy? Oh, we can get started right now! What time is it here? Just creating farmland all over the world. Yeah, like a well? Can I get someone to take me to a courtyard, or something like that? Can I do some sort of druidy soil test? pH test, or something like that? See if I can grow stuff here? With a Plant Growth spell. Just a nature check? 15. Can I not fix that with a Plant Growth spell? Does Plant Growth fix that? All plants in a half-mile radius-- I can Plane Shift us there after we sleep and I learn it the next morning. I could take us straight there, yeah. Can I figure out if the ground is sturdy enough if I start digging little bunkers, that would be okay? Underground bunkers for hiding from a flaming dragon breath. Westruun. We did the bunkers. I did a bunker under the Sun Tree, kind of. It's like that Fallout minigame that they came out with, the app. Basically that. Question. Legi-- logi-- (fumbling words) Logistical question. That's the word I was looking for. Stuff and things. Things and stuff. They are low on meat because they're low on animals? Could I do a Conjure Woodland Beings and conjure a bunch of deer? And then we could play shooting range? Oh, right. They disappear. Oh, that's mean. No, I don't do that, by the way. I was asking ahead of time, because that would be mean. Never mind. Are you trying to think of bringing back supplies? Just to scout it out? I guess I can start on the underground bunker. For tonight, I guess. Should I do it on the inside? In the courtyard, make an underground pod. Think Fallout. I imagine closer to the fortress, right? On the inside. I imagine we wouldn't want to go underneath the wall. Yes. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Could I theoretically open a tree and send people in? No, not to the Feywild. If we need to see someone to-- Yeah, or Marquet. Or wherever. Are you kidding? I don't know. It could be any minute now. They've been spying on us this whole time. What makes you think it will take a few days? All right. Well, how do we know that Thordak will even come here, by the way? He has no reason to come here unless he's deliberately looking for us. Which we have no reason to believe that he cares to come find us. We've got that thing-- I could ask, potentially, my father and the Air Ashari. I'd have a hard time asking the Fire Ashari, there's so few of them. We also have a 2,000 person capacity here. I mean, we can always push it and make encampments on the outside, but what's our ideal number we're trying to hit? Allura, do you have some way of messaging people and sending messages like super quickly? Fassbender. He's with Wilhand. Across the planes? That would be great! And me, two seventh-level spells. It'll take me a 7th-level spell to get there, and then I'll have to burn my 8th-level spell to get back. Bigger allies. I don't think she knows anyone. Westruun was decimated. Theoretically. I was going to say, what about Tooma? Who's the dragonborn in Vasselheim? Tofor! Do you know Tofor? Is the person at the Slayer's Take Vanessa? Have you ever met my father, Korren of the Air Ashari? Yeah, no, you're great. Ukurat! And you think that we're going to find those in the Fire Plane? Peanuts. You don't know if it's going to be one day. I'm not like a Wonka-vator, man! We have no way to contact her. Some of us can go, and some of us can stay. What makes you think that he would lead the charge to come find us? In his eyes he could just send one of his peons to come smash us. Yeah. If we tell Thordak where we are he'll probably come with that wyvern army that almost took out Whitestone, correct? While he's gone? And the other thing that we could glean from the fire realm is possibly figuring out a little bit more about the connection he had with it and to the heart stone, ember seed thing? I'd like to bring Raishan with us to the Fire Plane. She knows it better than anybody else. My gosh, you guys, the Dawn Martyr is in the City of Brass. Which I'm pretty sure is overrun with fire elementals. I mean, we can go. We can hit the Fire Ashari first and see if Cerkonos is there and maybe see if Cerkonos wants to help us out? Allura, you're certain as soon as he finds out about Vorugal's death that he's going to seek retribution? Do you think he went to the place which shall not be named because Raishan tipped him off that we were there? TRAVIS and Why did he go to the place that shall not be named, then? Why did he look there? You think they were just scanning? We can always come back. And I would like to maybe see if we could find out more about the ember seed. Fire Plane! Oh boy! Nope, well, okay. If we are-- LIAM and Hang on, do we want to stop off at the Fire Ashari, and pick up Cerkonos? I think it's not a bad idea. We are not going to bring along our ally who knows the Fire Plane better than anyone alive? Once I tree stride we can, there's that portal there, and we can go through the portal. The tour guide. All right. We're going to tree stride to the Fire Ashari. Across the ravine? Well, how big was the ravine, like crossing the Grand Canyon? It has to be to another plane. (groans) RIP the carpet. There's still kids! Like two kids! One of those days they might grow up. (nervous laughter) Come on, kids! Have a sword! Yeah, I knew he'd be all right. Cerkonos, Thordak has taken over Emon. And in the time that he has broken out of the Fire Plane, it seems there is a certain magic that is allowing him to essentially turn Emon into a second Fire Plane. We believe he still has some sort of connection here based on the binding magic that was used on him in the past. Something called an ember seed. Have you heard of this? Do you remember if Raishan, when she was moving in and out of the Fire Plane, do you remember her mentioning anything about it? Or anything suspicious about wanting to learn about the connection to the Fire Plane? Where is the Cinder Grove? Did we pass through the Cinder Grove? It was opened more. The portal got weak when it was around the solstice. We fought Cerkonos, who was essentially a giant elemental. I don't remember us breaking anything. Yeah, I got a little panicky at one point. Yeah. Thordak was connected by the soul gem. And we know he busted through. You know the Fire Plane better than anyone. We are also looking for the Plate of Dawnmartyr in the City of Brass. How long is the journey to the City of Brass? Right. Here's the worst-case scenario though. We're gone, we come back, Thordak has obliterated everything, including Fort Daxio. Do you think you could reach out to Korren? Well, if you don't want to go inside, I can Plane Shift us there. We don't necessarily need you, I guess? I mean, we need you, but I'm wondering if you'd be better here. Do you know anything of where Thordak was held? Is there anyone here left that Raishan spoke to the most? A confidant? Someone who might have been aiding her? Well, that's fair. Let's do this shit. Cool. Let's go. City of Brass, yo. Shit. A lot came in at the eleventh hour, too, so if you didn't see yours in the slideshow-- we still probably saw, but that would be why. Yeah, she got, like, real close. I'm going to go with Woodson Schindler AKA @CriticalCorrupt for his Manleth. He did a bearded Keyleth. Oh yeah, it was legit. And his eyeshadow was on point. I just want to say. So @CriticalCorrupt, you're awesome. Overall winners. That was so well done. He was like, "Oh, she did way better than I did." We have to go to a commercial break! Stay tuned. We're going to raid our closets. Hook you guys up. I'm going to go ahead and cast Protection from Energy on myself with fire. We have to, I think, be in a fairly safe space and give me a minute? Let me double check before I say that. Nope, I lied. It's instantaneous. Me and up to eight willing creatures who link hands in a circle. LAURA, ASHLEY, and Yeah, what's our code word? 25. 25. The efreetis? You don't think the day when we were cows was far weirder? That was pretty weird. Can I recognize it, as a druid who has spent time as a fire elemental? No, we have to-- hang on. Let's do a quick refresher on the impossible needle we have to find in this haystack. Hang on, hold. I brought that spell as well. It has to be within 1000 feet. 1000 feet isn't a whole lot in this really large metropolis, correct? So wait, there's a Beacon of Protection for the Chosen of Pelor. It is gathering dust on a wall somewhere in the City of Brass. It was a trophy won by a fire giant in a card game from the Suutan bloodline that once donned it. It could be hanging on a pub wall somewhere, correct. Do we know where fire giants might hang out? Or anything about the Suutan bloodline? I mean, it could be in a noble's house, for all we know. Yeah, everyone wants to kick our ass. Do I get advantage because of the fire resist? Do I have to roll? Or am I good to go? I meant to note I wanted to put my Ring of Protection on and put the cloak away when we took that short rest. I don't know if I said that out loud. Can I do that now? And it takes some time. Hang on, how long does that spell last? Grog, could you recognize fire giants if you saw one? Are they akin to stone giants? And you're like, that's a fire giant. All right, yeah, totally. I'm going to talk to Vex as soon as we get a hot second, whenever that falls. All right, so we both have the Locate Object spell. It lasts for ten minutes and we can both fly. We could both cast it and maybe do like a perimeter run, maybe? Yeah, if we're flying. Well, I could also potentially Polymorph into something or Beast Shape into something that-- Has there been any type of creatures? Okay, are they considered humanoid-ish? To where I could Alter Self to look like an efreeti? Teeny, teeny efreeti? No? Are there any humanoids like, like-- Or like dragonborn, or like what's the thing that Zahra is? I'm drawing a blank right now. Tieflings, are there like any tieflings around? I want to look for the most unsubjugated humanoids. Yeah, kind of the same thing. Oh, shit. Yes. That's really bad. That's the Gil dice. 15. (whispering) A phoenix! So they have birdies. No. I stop and turn around and wait for them to catch up. We'll meet you at the axe-throwing, just go ahead. LIAM, TALIESIN, and I light up my flame hand and I turn to one of the efreeti and I go Fist bump. Pound it, man. Pound it. What did you want? Persuasion? Ten. Man, we've been here five minutes. I'm going to keep pace with Grog. You're probably making it worse. Do the efreeti react to them vanishing? It's all bad ideas in Dungeons & Dragons. It's really true. Sometimes you get lucky with a bad idea. You busting out the Hand Cone? All right, am I standing by Scanlan? Are they in front of us now? Oh, I don't want to do something I'm really bad at, which is talking to people. I have ideas. Okay, is this what I want to do, I'm going to do Alter Self and I'm going to change myself into a tiefling? And then I-- oh god this is really terrible, oh my god, I am really bad at deception-- I'm going to turn around and say, I'm sorry, there seems to be a miscommunication. These are my slaves. They are already owned and my property. Release them immediately. You know, I don't have a lot to go off of except for Zahra and that one that was in front of us, so I'm going to do Zahra, like a red. You know, a red, with like devilly horns, definitely give it a tail. I want to look intimidating. I want to look like you wouldn't want to meet me in a back alley, but that's where we are. A bad bitch. MATT and It's just a straight roll. Oh, god. Oh Jesus Christ. Nine. A saving throw. Oh, that was almost so good, that was almost great! 13. Run! I want to go catch up with them! Yeah, do these alleyways connect? Does it block around? Is this dark? I lift my hand and I light it up to give us a little bit of light. Aw, Grog. It's a very small room! What caught your attention on us, aside from the utter look of pathetic-ness? Were you once in chains? That's ominous. Can I do an insight check? Does that mean he murdered a lot of fricking people? Let's go druid dice. Oh god. Ooh, it's an 18! What was it, insight? Right? 29. Which one was the tiefling, and which one was him? Senokir is the humanoid? Who is, something's off about him? Uten, how long have the two of you been in business together? So unprepared? Does the name Thordak ring a bell? The Cinder King? It's a pseudonym, maybe? Thordak has escaped into our realm-- All right, that's what we want as well. It used to belong to the Suutan Bloodline. Yes? It was won by a fire giant. He said in accent. A few of us could look like you, to keep all of us out of chains? Maybe a few exceptions? I can look like one of them. Very simply. I think we'd all feel a little bit comfortable if some of us were free. I study him and I change to like a-- I don't have to talk, I just have to look like someone else. That's not that hard. I change myself to look like one of him. I'm like, eh? Eh? Passable? (slowly) Do all of you talk like this? Do I also need to talk like this? Never mind.