Hello! May birthdays for the win. Dan Casey! Dan Casey, everybody. Dan Casey in the house! Yeah, Dan Casey. Hollywood Squares. We have more gifts? I kind of think that the idea was so that you can be Clarota. I kind of think that's what they were going for. But can you eat? Can we blow it up? Can we try it out? Uh-huh. Dragon strippers. That's hot, right? Ify! Thanks, Useless Rogue! Thanks, Scott. I was gonna make a, "He was asking for it," joke, but I feel like-- Took the long way around. No, I don't think anyone does that anymore. Like, goes, y'know-- If everyone can turn to page 62 in the Player's Handbook. We haven't! Short? Represent! Also, having a healer is really nice. Yeah. Nice being able to have a healer. Just saw Zac perk up there. Total boy scouts. This is feeling really meta. True Neutral! Do it! I have the four-- those four right up front. There you are. Woo! If your stats are super crappy, we'll roll again. No, we won't. Not tonight. Never mind. But normally if your stats are super crappy-- What we generally do is roll all six and then write them down, and then decide where you want them. Okay. Yeah. I generally have a charisma of eight, but I have that circlet which is boosting me. Which just makes me average. Right. Yeah, you get certain racial stat bonuses depending on what race you choose. Okay. Who wants to pick who for their coach? Do we have like individual coaches? We're doing backgrounds now. Yeah, but do it. Do the background-- Pretty good. An hour later. (laughs) I'm pretty stoked for the characters We've got some good stuff going. We've got some good stuff going. Don't forget Enhance Ability! Hey don't forget, hey! The Hunter's Mark. Hunter's Mark! Don't forget Hunter's Mark! Actually, Dan made his character with his background this way. So we can just hear about his background as an example. But he did roll a dice to randomly generate it. He clearly fleshed it out. Which is incredible. Some of my favorite-- oh go ahead. I'll go first. Some of my favorite characters that I've played with have all been people who decided what they wanted to be first and then picked a race and a class around what they wanted to be, so our good friend Paradox really wanted to be, like a roadie who-- (laughter) So, one of the things I like, in Pathfinder there's like, you can make a geisha dancer who did damage with fans, so you can pretty much be whatever and then figure it out from there. Oh my God, I forgot we're sponsored by them. I love Gilmore. A little thing for Vax. That piece of fortune you handed over? No, that's gonna fuck us so hard one of these days. It's been very helpful. One of these days though, you're gonna like, get a-- You're going to roll a 20 and something terrible is going to happen. Yeah. And I did something similar with like, my four tribes of the Ashari. You know, I've got, I've got the fire tribe and the earth tribe and the air tribe and the water tribe, but from Keyleth's perspective, I'm from the air tribe, I don't really know a whole lot about the other ones. They're there, so I gave him the idea of the tribes and the backstory that they exist and now he's fleshing it out for me. That's so cool. It was very frosty, yeah. See, I'm not the only one. Don't saw off Ify's arm. Don't-- nope. Put it down. Drop it. Drop it. 12. Well, that was like two weeks ago for you. He's not trying to outwardly kill you. He is scary. We say "fear the wrath of god" for a reason. D&D has a lot of life lessons in it. We're all gonna die someday. YOLO. It sounds like you're being a little bit racist right now. By the way, when one of us dies, we're all gonna fucking bawl our eyes out. It's sad. Well, you also, I mean, you have this handy screen deliberately so we don't see what you're doing. Bullshit. It's a roleplaying game. It's in the title. Come on. Go ahead. I will say, while you're looking for a question-- Yeah, just like real life. Anyway. Should we trade places so that some of us are sitting next to them-- But I didn't know if we wanted to help them. Salty Pete. (whispers) It's a clue. This door is gonna be the worst boss in the entire game. That poor horse! I'm pretty sure this is about to be manslaughter. Deception check? I made it silent. Oh, shit! What you gonna do? (Scottish accent) Vehicular manslaughter. Classic dwarf. We fought some golems before. San-de-cline? Eh? Sandy cline? Oh, shit! Total? Reload that bow. Dat bow though. Had some habanero sauce recently? Oh, snap! I knew I should've stayed home today. Another die! Believing in yourself is a lie. Once again, D&D teaches real life lessons. Believe! Believe, Salty! Oh no, Salty. Do you have Eldritch Blast? One's all he needed? How many hit points did you have left? Are you trying to say stop the bleeding with Thaumaturgy? Is that what you're trying to say? By screaming at it? Finger-scouting mission. What is it? Party title, party title. All about that. You looked so happy. I was the same way, I feel your pain. I really wanna see Salty Pete with his cape. What do you look like, Salty Pete? Nice. (laughs) Metal chains. I've seen that at anime conventions. I'm pretty sure I have. So here's my question. 'Cause was this your first time playing D&D too, Dan? But this was your first time. Did you feel like it was intimidating, the roleplaying aspect of it at first, and how-- did you feel any awkwardness easing into it? Oh, we missed that resurrection appointment. Reschedule. Oh shit, it's the good, the rad, and the nubbly. Run! Run! They're the fuckups of Emon. You're just that adventuring party where whenever you roll into town we're just like, (sighs heavily) I actually had someone tweeting at me being like, you know, talking about us mentioning how you shouldn't be intimidated by roleplaying, they said yes, but, conversely, not everyone's an actor. And I just want to address that, like, roleplaying has nothing to do with acting. Roleplaying isn't about acting, it's about playing pretend. It's about make-believe. With emphasis on "playing". So just play. It's not about coming up with a character and a motivation and any of that. It's just about playing. Or that money. As sarcastic as Zac is being, it's totally true. It's totally true, like, if you guys notice, they made their characters while Matt was talking about DMing, and then they had fully fleshed-out characters by the time they started playing, and mainly that's because they just had a few solid ideas, and then their characters built as the story unfolded. And that was great. That was awesome. And seriously, if anyone judges you because of your roleplaying, fuck them, they shouldn't be in your game anymore. Where is this going? Where is your cake? The non-licensed happy birthday, at least. Yeah, fuck you, Twitch! (laughs) Winston Birthday. And we had to leave. I locked my keys in the car. Cake attack. Classic birthday. Huzzah!