No, it does. The energy feels better. We have Liam's daggers. Laura's gotten a bow. Do you guys want to get it? I just run past him. I run up to Percy. I've been drinking a lot of water. I'm so glad you guys are alive. That's cool. Do we get to choose where we get branded? I'll be after Tiberius. It might've been me. The law of Vasselheim, for not getting branded? Guys, I'm thinking this might be a cult? TRAVIS and I'm a little nervous! She likes jokes! Can you hold it up again? Dinosphinx? Gynosphinx. So question. The little blue flashy thing that happens with the eyes. Is that going to happen with us now, too? Yeah, they told us. Oh my god, we have so much to tell you guys. That's what I said! Saying his name is very-- you know. We went to a really high-end club and Vax and I pretended to be married. We actually had a cleric with us. You just got mad at me for pretend-marrying your brother, so. I'm not interested-- No? He was very nice. Oh, really? That should come from you. Yeah, looking back it is. You know what actually, hang on, stop. Do we have any ale on us? We should have a drink real fast. It's going to make it so much funnier. It's going to make a gorgeous tapestry. We-- the carpet we stole, to be fair. Hey, I'd never been kissed before, okay?! What just happened? God, timing. How have you been? Oh my god. I think we've only been away for a week, but it feels like a year. How did you find us here? How did you know to find us here, Pike? Well, once again, I don't want to leave, because I'm assuming we'll lose access. We don't have access to the airship for forever. Yeah. It's around the corner. Did we want to go to a tavern, too? What time is it? Okay, shop then tavern? It's now just a very pretty rug. I'm pretty sure it's a very expensive enchantment. You have a ten percent chance of succeeding, but it's awesome when it happens? Yes, we take the carpet out. I'm sure you're doing a lot with Sarenrae. No, he kissed me. Oh, his name was Kashaw. Brother Kashaw. He was a cleric. But he wasn't a cleric to Sarenrae, he was actually a cleric to this demon goddess named Vesh. It was interesting. Yes, no, apparently he's the only one. He's also married to her? I've thought about that a little bit, and then tried not to think about that a lot. It was awesome, though. Then he just walked off into the sunset. (whispers) I've never been kissed before, so I don't know. It was really good. Made me tingly inside. Yeah. Very nice. He's not listening. We're girl pow-wowing right now. ASHLEY and Oh, that's something else we have to tell you guys about! I pull Percy aside. No, remember this town? They don't like magic and stuff and they get weird about potions. And all the-- what are they called? The Bastions all control the trade of potions, so people get weird. It's weird and illegal. What?! To the tavern. Hey, you're thinking about it the wrong way, Grog. It's the other way. You want to go down, not up. I missed you all so much. Stay-cation. He went to the park. They're our sister tribe. Because we all separated. Essentially, about 900 years ago or so, roughly a thousand years ago, we were a nomadic people. And then there was some sort of great sundering-- we're actually still not 100% sure; a lot of information was lost. And the elemental planes started bleeding with this plane, and oh, Vex is falling asleep. Anyway. Long story short, we separated into four separate tribes to protect the places where the elemental planes bleed into this realm. Once every generation, someone is nominated to go out and make contact with the sister tribes in order to establish further communication, check in, learn about each other's cultures. We're from the same people, but we each have our individual cultures because we've been separated for so long, at this point. These ones are Fire, yes, so they're located in a volcanic region, and you can start to feel an energy from where the planes start to shift, and it gets a little unbalanced. That's where we each live, and I'm from the ones where we protect the Air portals. Yes, because where all the planes-- almost like a Venn diagram, if you want to think about it. (stuttering) Well, he was a great philosopher, of one of our peoples. But he described it as being these overlapping circles. What's that? He was. Very great man. We don't necessarily overlap with the fey. We protect where it overlaps. You could get to the fire elemental plane easier from this place, and my town you can get to the plane of Air-- That's a good one, Grog! Are you feeling okay, Vex? But anyway, the last person to go on the Aramente was my mother, and she never returned, so we haven't really had contact with the Fire Ashari for a while. I have no idea what they're going to be like. I've gotten rough directions. We'll have to probably figure it out along the way. It also seems like this is one of those towns where things are expensive. Things are expensive here. I am so nervous, you guys. I'm so scared. We'll go in the morning. One more! I'm so scared! I'm so nervous! I whip her up a little herbal tonic. Here. Drink this. No, don't pay full price for a sick dragon! What is that? He looks a little-- oh... Can I check him out? Is he considered an animal? Can I check him out? Aw, Lockheed Peach. Can I do a check on him and see if I make him feel better? Medicine check? Oh that's not bad. 19 total. I reach in my pouch and pull out a few Goodberries. I can, but he's not an animal. He's a dragon-guy. Just feed him, lots of water-- I gave him some Goodberries. I'll make up some more Goodberries. I mean, I don't want to inconvenience anyone. I have to do a trial and meet their headmaster. Yeah. It's not even that. It's sometimes learning about your past can be equally as terrifying. I don't know what I'm going to find. Well, from what I heard, we head south towards Sunder Peak. Towards the southwest, it's volcanic territory. Maybe. I only got vague directions. Do you actually have a map that we could use? Borrow? Hydra. You wouldn't happen to have a compass, would you? Tyriok. Awesome. Wait. You drove the horse into the ground? A warhorse for Grog. (high-pitched) Okay! I mean, we're all right, right? We're on a path? How far did we make it? I'll do my Anti-Life Shell for the first hour. That way we all get an hour of good sleep. I pull out my little book of druid spells and history, and I start freshening up on some fire spells. Oh and actually, you know what. Before we go to sleep, or actually first thing in the morning before I learn my new spells-- I'm also going to go ahead and be like, hey guys. I made breakfast! And make a Heroes' Feast. At night, because I had it learned. 24 hours? Yeah. Because I'm learning new spells in the morning. I thought of you. (choking noises) Grog! So at the top of the morning, as part of the Heroes' Feast, everyone gets 2d12-- And you heal that, as well. And you also fill up that, as well. Also, everyone now has advantage on their wisdom saving throws. For 24 hours. It's good to have a good night's sleep, though. (worried sounds) I'm just-- it's just a lot of pressure. It's good. Well, just. Approach. Like one would. Approach. Can I do a nature check, see how long it's going to hang out? Ooh, 17, that's 27. I drop to my knees, and I do Commune With Nature. It's big. 5th-level spell. Looks like that's the way. That's what I did with the Earth Ashari, but I mean, they were welcoming and kind. We haven't made contact with them in almost two generations. I don't know. Last time we made contact with them it was fine, and everyone was good, but who knows. It's been a while, because my mother didn't come back. How we came to be-- for all we know; once again, roughly a thousand years ago-- certain people possessed natural abilities. We assumed we were blessed by the gods of nature, and when we realized we had these abilities and then the Sundering happened, that's when we banded together, but it could have been anyone between humans, elves, there were a few dwarfs, gnomes. Mainly humans and elves. So we're primarily-- I guess you could say mutts. Primarily half-elven, but we separated off into our own separate tribes, so we each developed our own individual cultures, even though we came from the same root. But we're accepting of all races. At least, the Air and the Earth Ashari are. Yes, absolutely. And each tribe has its own tradition. It's had a lot of time to develop. It touched my ass! It hit me in the ass. Sure. I don't know what to expect. I'm good. I'll wait. See, what I'm most nervous about is, when I went to the Earth Tribe they said that my mother had passed through. And went through her training, and her Ulare trip, and she was fine. And then continued on. Okay. Okay. And please, don't mention anything about us being called the SHITs when we first got started. Nervous. 14. 14. All right. Our tribe, we generally can still make contact and trade with nearby towns, generally. There might be more travelled ones, once again I'm not sure. Yeah, let's try the path more travelled first. Druid dice! Not good. Nine. How do we know if we failed? Who has the coughs? How do we know? Did I fail? With a nine? Oh my god. 14. I'm going to do a perception check and see if I can see any sign of a village or a town or my people. 23. Knowing my people and my tribe, would I know if these were centurions? Let's continue on. This would sometimes happen at the Air Ashari, as well. We'd get windstorms occasionally. It happens. Do I have enough time to react? 23. 60? MARISHA, MATT, and How far away are they, roughly? Do you guys want to run? Yeah, we're in a death pit, man. I turn around where they are right in front and throw up a big Wall of Stone. Don't take out my Wall of Stone! Running! (laughs) Rabble rabble. Three miles? Ooh! 28. Twinsies. Twinsies rolls. Can I do a nature check to see if it's natural, from earthquakes, or if earthbenders have done it? 25. And most of it appears to be obsidian? Can I see through it where they chipped away? Please. I am Keyleth of the Air Ashari, and I am here to further my Aramente. And I look around and I'm like-- Persuasion? Persuasion's not good. Ten. My father, Korren, and my mother, Vilya. My mother was my predecessor. Wait, no, that's-- right? Yes, predecessor. She followed in my path. I'm following in her path. Damn it. God, I'm so bad at being eloquent. And what, might I ask, is your name? Let me do all the talking this time. Oh, you don't-- yes, family, my brothers and sisters. Just let them do it. I'm... King of Vilya? Oh, kin of Vilya. Yes, I am. I am here to complete my Aramente. I have already been to the Earth tribe. My mother, Vilya, never returned to Zephra. MATT "For you to be here on your Aramente, it is proof that she did not complete hers, or at least "is no longer with us. I am sorry. She was strong of heart." Only ten years ago! She's been gone for close to 20. Yes, how long was she here? She was better than I am. He is. As stubborn as always. Yes. These are my traveling companions, Vox Machina. They've proven themselves time and time again. We've been together for almost over a year now. I do. We actually have a keep now in Emon. Correct. I have actually seen a vision of my death. From not having the will to do what is necessary, for fear of harming others, instead of protecting myself. Part of one of the ceremonies that the Earth tribe gives is called the Alore ceremony. It's a tea that they make that is derived from a local plant that-- It's essentially a vision quest tea; it gives you visions. It's a cultural tradition, I guess. I saw two paths. One was an older woman, who was wise and hardened and brave, and she had a line of young Ashari behind her. And I ran away. I feel like she was me. And I ran away, and I went down another path. There was a tree. It was young, but strong, and it had a familiarity. As I reached out and touched it, my vision was taken through the path of the roots, and I could see the world, and I could see how everything was connected, and it took me to you all. And you were strong and fighting and proud, and then Vax yelled out, "This one is for Keyleth!" I wasn't with you. And then Grog yelled out, "This is for our princess!" And it broke away, and I realized that I was that tree, and it was my death. And as I ran to the other side, I went back to the old woman, and all of my people slowly started fading behind her, and as she looked at me, she said, "Your future is as "important as it is fragile. Protect it." And she, too, faded away. I realized she was me. And when I came out of my vision, I talked with the Earth Headmaster Patisse, and she told me that if I was going to survive, I needed to have the will to do what was necessary, and the strength. And ever since the child, it's been hard. I was there for a long time at the Earth Tribe, longer than most stay on their Aramente. I couldn't get through the trial; every time I used a natural magic, every time I tried to fight, I just saw flashes of that child's eyes. I was blocked. Normally, they save the Alore ceremony for the final testament, but they actually started me with the Alore ceremony in order to help hopefully unlock my spiritual blocking that I was having. But I don't know... Continue on and hope I don't make a fatal mistake. Hope that I can learn. I hope I don't let you guys down. I love you all. I do as he says. 27. I push it out and continue to focus. 19. I push it out and continue to focus. Just focus and meditate on asking permission. Oh my god, I rolled the same thing twice. Wisdom, five. 18. Before I leap down, I cast Protection from Flame on myself? Or Protection from Energy, and I'm going to use fire. Gives me fire resistance. I close my eyes and let myself fall. Oh my god, that's true. You have advantage on all of our wisdom saving throws, from the Heroes' Feast. Oh my god, we're in the Plane of Fire. Okay... Okay, sure. Yeah. He might mean more metaphorically. I'm not sure. It could be either. It's hard to tell. Can I sit and take a minute to meditate, and see if I can connect with my mother and see if I can find some sort of trace? Essence? I have advantage, right? I'll take that 15. Thank you. It was a one. So that's 28. Any direction of which way the essence might be blowing? It's a fire elemental. 16. Let's head that way. Let's follow this lava trail. Looks promising. Do you have Pass Without a Trace right now? 25. Do I get anything for having my protection from fire? That looks like a stone spire to me. It's rather shiny, yeah. Let's go there. Oh, Jesus ballsacks. All right. (giggling) Yes. God damn it, Wheaton. Here. Got to get my dice in order. Five! Five. He rolled a one, too. We're like, oh cool! It's fire. TALIESIN and 23. No, 24. I take half, right? Hot diggity. I did teach him that. Miss. 17. (whoosh) Oh my god. (laughs) Stop, drop and roll! Fire safety, kids. I look at Cerkonos, and give him a nod, and I say, okay. And I concentrate, and my entire form goes water, and I turn into a water elemental. And then I immediately rush into Cerkonos's space, and do Whelm. So he has to do a DC 15 saving throw. Strength. Sweat it out, guys. So he does 2d8 plus four bludgeoning damage. I'm also water elemental, so I believe he has water susceptibility, correct? I don't know what that does, but he's got it. So if it's a large or smaller creature, it is also grappled. 2d8. Not bad. 12 plus four. 16. Does he take extra damage because I'm water? Because he has water susceptibility? It's water versus fire elemental right now. Well, I just football tackle him. (impact) Water right through his form. Steam rolls off of me. (hiss) I take how much? Four damage? Hits. Don't worry about hurting me, if that's what you're afraid of. 17. Disadvantage? Four. Did it break? All right, I'm going to do a multiattack right on Cerkonos. So I'm going to do two (impacts) with my big wavy arms. So plus seven to hit. So first one. 18, so that's 20. Okay. And second one. That's not as good. 19? Sorry, 18? Okay. Cool. So that's 2d8 plus four bludgeoning damage, twice. So that's five, six. So that's ten. Nine, plus another 13. 23 points of damage. Oh, plus an extra two because I'm a water elemental. Yeah, I'm on his ass. Yeah... 14, 17, 18, plus six, so it's 24, plus another eight, so that's 32. Was that a 20? I slowly release him down from my water elemental form. I drop my-- no. I'm going to keep in my water elemental form. 30. Okay, I lied. I drop my elemental form. I go ahead and I'm going to cast Gust of Wind ahead of us to try and make a tunnel and try and air this heat down. What are rolling? That's not too bad. 22. Aw, we were the happy table. (laughter) No, don't do it, Pike! I was going to say, can I use my wanderer ability where I think I get-- my survival ability? I think I get advantage? Please. That's much better! Okay. 14. No, don't-- sorry, I rolled a 14. 24! We're almost there! Hold on! 13. 19. Thank you, Cerkonos. Brother. Thank you. This is a great honor. I think a rest might be in order. I'm exhausted. Oh, to make s'mores? That's a great idea. Do you have water, Cerkonos? I bow to him, and I salute, and I say, Kaitiake, brother. Thank you. It is sort of our salute. It means "guardian" and "brethren." It's a high salute. Kaitiake. Well, my last stop would be to the Water Ashari. In Aquas. Back on another continent. No, I don't think we could. I'm doing pretty good, actually. I'm ahead of schedule. We have a good feeling about it. Do I know what it does? Can I do like a check on it? I'll keep it safe. Could be cool for Grog. Boxing. Oh, claws? You said claws?