Oh man, drop it like it's hot. And what weekend is New York Comic Con? October 8th, 9th, 10th and 11th. So you've got three weeks to prepare. Not even all of us were at San Diego. Well, we were all there, just not all at one point at one time. So much pressure. We also have both of our artists here. Kit and Wendy. Come here! But come here! We learned when we killed the carpet. Just time that. Time that. Actually, we should all go find Percy. We should all talk to Percy. Percy, it's hard not to clearly notice that you're quite distressed, and we're concerned. And you know, we were talking about it-- not that we were talking about you or anything, behind your back or anything-- but we never really found out why you were in that prison cell when we found you. Did they take over Whitestone? Are they still there? What was she asking questions about? What did they want? Was it just a political coup? Wait, what were the names? The Briarwoods, Ripley, Sir Kerrion Stonefell. Who is he? And Professor Anders? Who's that? And do you remember why they were invited to Whitestone to begin with? And how many brothers and sisters do you have? You said you saw a few bodies of family? Percy, is this what you want? And would they be able to recognize your face? Stealing from the workshop that you partially own? Calm down there. He is that guy you meet on the corner of Sandy Alley. Yeah, what if you're flying? Tiberius is working on it, I have a feeling deep down inside. Yeah, but we need to do research. You barely know who the Briarwoods are. Well, they're not going to recognize any of us, are they? Yes? Sorry. Yes. I would like to stop and talk to Gilmore first, though, before I leave. Do I have time for that? I can fly. In the air? There's air traffic? I have to worry about air traffic? What? No, I use my Beast Shaping. It lasts as long as I want it to last. It's in my blood. Where are you going with this, Scanlan? So when I mean as long as I want, I mean, long enough to where I've never had to really think about it before now. Well, I could get ten hours, because I can use two Beast Shaping abilities. No, I get my druid shapes back after a short rest. Because Circle of the Moon, bitch. Can I make a stop first, and then I'll run an errand? Yeah, I've got my personal fundsies. I have an earpiece, right? Is there anything else you need from us, Percy? Is there anything you need while I'm out and about? I'm going to go make a trip to Gilmore's. Anybody want to join? Oh my god. It's like calling Time Warner Cable. Wait. No? Sherri. From Vox Machina? We're sponsored by Gilmore. He put the brand on my armor that my mother gave me. I was just curious if you guys had a chance to think about the alchemy workshop that we talked about before, or if you maybe had any alchemy books that came in that I was requesting? Gilmore! Ugh, what is taking him so long, Scanlan? Did Sherri find my book? Sherri? That would be good for Scanlan. Okay, how much are these, Sherri? I mean, they're-- they're all right. 25 gold, each? Oh, come on. I know some university student dropped these off and donated these. Don't kid me, Sherri. Am I doing it right? Do I sound like Vex? Damn it! Sherri! (whispering) Scanlan. Scanlan! Will you buy those books for me, and I'll reimburse you? Sherri is sassy today! Shut up. I Druidcraft a flower real quick and slip it to Scanlan to give to her. "Send the lizard to Dwarf Town?" How many more slurs can you have in one sentence? Wait, is Gilmore trying to say we owe him money? They wanted a necklace, right? Found a necklace, who was supposed to go-- hang on, I'm finding it, I'm looking. It's a sapphire pendant that should say, "To Lorna, my love." Thank you! Thanks! It's not the one you're wearing, right, Scanlan? Just because I think it's funny-- Grog is flying over too, right? Okay, well, I see you guys are flying? The two of you? To Lorna, with love. It's written right there, Tiberius. Well, I guess just the five of us, cause Grog and Percy are back at the Keep. I can go back and check in on them. You have an errand to run? All right, I'll go with Vax-- Wait. We'll address that later. Come on, Vax. You can cast that sigil anywhere, right? You don't have to be here? We could do it from home. We'll take a nap and we'll go tomorrow. It's getting late, the Thunderbrands are probably going to bed at this point. We don't want to invade. They're probably just sitting down for dinner. Can I do a passive perception check to see if I notice him sneaking away? Perception or passive perception? Then that is 24. I just flipped through my book on the alchemy section for a bit. Got a little bit of the Irish thing going on. So Grog, you fell asleep in your plate of food and woke up with a beard. They get nippy. It's in the breed. I still think maybe the more talkative members of the group should go? I'm checking in with Tiberius-- oh sorry, Percy. It'll be fine. We totally forgot about that. Actually I'll help with that campaign. I do some braids, and add some flowers. Is it important? Do you need me right now? This is pretty important. He's so comfortable! Look, I gave him plenty of treats, he doesn't even know what's happening. Ten more minutes. I'll be down in ten minutes. And I run downstairs really fast. Oh, I knew she'd love it! Well, they're not local. They're coming into town. They're coming into town in five to seven days. Not on them. Make a plan. Maybe make a plan? We don't really have a plan. I mean, the only thing I can think-- Percy. Do you still have an idea of what the Briarwoods look like? I could attempt another scrying spell. Could even possibly go to Allura for help and try again. What makes you say that? Exactly, yeah, if we tell Uriel you're coming as someone else, he's going to ask why. Wait, who was it that came and talked to us? Who was that? I was going to say, it was Seeker Asum, but he didn't say that Uriel had his doubts, he said he had his doubts. Let Asum know. Right, and your voice doesn't change, so you probably don't want to try and sound like Grog all night. Not to be-- sorry, you were going to say something? I like that. We're not hired to kill the Briarwoods, and not to be that member of the group that has a golden heart and wants to ruin everyone's fun. I don't want to stand between you and your revenge that you are absolutely owed, Percy, but are you sure this is what you want? Is this going to make you feel better? Do you want to talk to them? Do you want us to fucking capture them and drag them back to the cell that we built in our keep? We built it for a reason. I know, I've been opened up to so many things. I've been reading my alchemy books. We all know it was you. Oh god. Well. Add just my base wisdom? Yes, plus six, so 20 total. Did it work? Try it on Tiberius. High rolls startle him. I go over and give him a Cure Wounds. That was awesome. (laughing) It's pretty good. I produce a few flower cummerbunds and start pinning them on the party. Sylas and Delilah? (singing) Hey there, Delilah. I should have done something about this. What are the names of these people who've taken over White-- I thought they said they had friends. I also make a matching corsage and pin it on his lapel, as well. You know, that's fine. It might have had a more utilitarian purpose, but it's fine. Oh, I always do. Exactly. It's on the RSVP. Yes, she can. Is anyone waiting to greet them? He got a date! I've been scanning the crowd. Have I noticed anything over the past hour of any of our people? Any locals, any council members, who may be acting a little shifty? Any of them breaking a sweat? Acting weird? 22. Oh look, Tiberius, they have bananas! Hi. I mean, we're also free. We killed a beholder once. We should just lead with that. Can I do an insight check to see if that look at Percy-not-Percy was-- She looked interesting. The entire family. All of them? I'm sorry. I'm just a little confused. If the whole family died of disease, weren't you afraid to go into this town, into this castle? Weren't you afraid of contracting this disease yourself? (whispered) I don't know what to do now. Hey, you should Hunter's Mark them or something. Are you staying within the castle? Oh! Fantastic. (laughs) Yeah, just, snake flies down the hall-- Dude, I think they're into some weird shit. They're creeping me out, man. Now we're going to have to rescue Vax. Oh, please, like you haven't rushed into a situation before, Orion? Yeah! Or, or launching a Fireball in the middle of a wood house? Yeah! Rushing off to Draconia to buy a Bag of Holding.