Yes. 826LA, which is a non-profit, after-school tutoring program for kids K-12th grade. They excel in creative writing and reading. They're awesome. Donate to them. Go check them out. And there might be an 826 in your area, so google 826. They're always looking for tutors. It's a good program. New dice. Not bad. 12. For the shark. It's like the Tower of Terror. I'll stay with the boat. Secrets. Just throwing it out there still the shark with the boat. If you guys want to run, the keys are in the car. The engine's warmed up, ready to go. I've got the key turned on. It's nice and cozy. That's such a good roll, though. That's a good initiative roll. 20. We're all over ten, though. That's pretty good, guys. We should be proud of that. Yeah, I guess. I feel Percy unhook, and I start the forward momentum. Pointing that direction? Oh no. Trinket, run! Aw! That's cute! (laughing) Follow the Macy's Day balloon shark. If someone crocheted us a little single-square magic carpet? So we could put it on our little floaty deal. I'm going to use a run action, just double speed. I feel action above, and I'm just shark instincts. Yeah, I have a swim speed of 40. Including me? I'm in the water, yeah. Come on! Oh, come on... (cheers) I can make one. SAM, TALIESIN, AND Oh, well, I was going to say we could go into this cave here. Well, what about this cave? We need a rest. LAURA AND I want to be able to use my scrying spell before we try anything. Sure. Can I use my shark eyes to look down the tunnel? (singing) To be a shark man. MATT, ORION, AND I drop them off at the beach. That's not true. It's +1. Oh, I was looking at mine. It's okay. 17. I go ahead and un-shark myself. I'm wet. That was a really cold lake. Pike, can you check-- I can. What if this is a clue or something important? What if there's something in this cavern that could help us, though? We could. How about this? How about I do what Scanlan says? Yes, I know. I think this is the first time I've said this, ever. Maybe I'll try what Scanlan says and I'll turn into a rock elemental and just bamf in there and see if there's anything good, and if it's bad, I'll just run out and make a rock wall. Maybe? Okay? Let's do it. I like it. I'm going to go ahead and cast Enhance Ability on myself before I do that, and give myself... extra wisdom. I want to be a perceptive bastard while I'm in there. Rah. Burrow beneath. I'll go, "(deep voice) Bye-bye." "Oh yeah, wait, have you guys seen this one?" (all laugh) "I'll take the elevator." With advantage, right? That's a 13. That's a 19! I'll take that one. 29. Can I take a piece of rock and toss it up? Arcana? All right. I've got a vague number. 11. Wait! Plus four. 15. I used Scanlan's die. A grick. But they're not necessarily bleeding through from the other plane. They come from this plane. Big worms with tentacles, but not too weird. I'm just going to seep back down. I take the stairs. But before I reappear, I go, "Grog. I'm in a boat." (all laugh) "No." I'm not an elemental anymore. I go, "Tee-hee-hee, shh." It seemed like it had Dimension Door properties, but I don't know if it was necessarily at full Dimension Door strength. There were creatures. There appeared to be these things that I've heard of, called gricks. They're like worms with beaks and tentacles. Yeah, they're super-fast. They did this whole Hungry Hungry Hippos thing. It seemed to be some sort of dimensional gateway. I don't know which dimension. Into the temple. The grick things? Yeah. If we take a few minutes and I take another breather-- because being a rock elemental takes it out of you for a little bit-- and you guys can make some bombs, I can go back in there as an elemental. I'm going to rest while they talk. While they figure out a plan. Here, give it to me and I'll go in as an elemental. Yeah, could we cast Silence? The Far Realm? Like, completely cave it in? I don't think throwing up a stone wall is going to necessarily stop K'Varn. I can spend time essentially collapsing the whole thing. It's been longer. It was 6 or 7 hours when we were on that side of the thing. There's still things I want to do. Clarota? Do you have anything that might assist me in a scrying spell to help spy on K'Varn? Maybe something in his image? Do you know what he looks like? Well, I guess while we wait for him to respond, I'm going to start using all of my Stone Shape and I'm going to start bringing down this tunnel. Just start collapsing it. On the outskirts of the island? I'd assume anything helps. Aberration in the center? Wait, what? Thank you. I was taking notes! A first impression of Keyleth would leave you with little information on the half-elven druid. You might even think that her social awkwardness due to her sheltered upbringing is kind of sweet. (chuckle) Of course, it would be unwise to underestimate her based on first impressions. (thunder crack) Under that unintimidating petite frame is a vicious beast waiting to be unleashed, whose natural powers have made even the fiercest of champions pee their pants, literally! (soft chuckle) Born to the Air Tribe of the Ashari people, Keyleth was raised with a deep love of nature and the elemental magics. It is her people's inherent duty to protect the delicate areas in Tal'Dorei where the four elemental planes begin to bleed with this realm. Since she was a little girl, she had quite a knack for air manipulation and beast shaping abilities. Well, if you consider kittens and flying squirrels to be little beasts. Which, I do. (clears throat) Anyways, it wasn't long before the headmaster of the tribe, her father, Korren, realized her true prodigious abilities and she was inveterated to succeed him as the next headmaster. Just like that, her jovial childhood was stripped and replaced with endless spell memorization, teachings from ancient traditions, and exceedingly high expectations. Every druid leader to be must embark on journey to seek out the sister tribes in order to introduce and establish respect amongst the fellow headmasters. They call this the AraMente, or Noble Odyssey. When her father felt she was ready, he set her on the path to truly discovering herself. Not knowing when, or if, she will ever return. As she hiked down the mountain towards Stillben, she meditated on the task ahead. Part of the AraMente is proving yourself a strong warrior, a valiant protector, and a wise and compassionate leader. With this knowledge, one thought plays in repeat in her mind Is she even worthy? I've been collapsing that cavern. Okay. Tiberius! Has your brother gotten back to you yet? Is there any type of stone or rock or debris with the residual energy from the purple mists of the Far Realm? Okay. Not yet. I'm going to sit down near where the Far Plane portal is. I want to be near it, though. Right. Yeah, so I can be close to it. And Clarota? Pike? Do any of you want to help me in this? I'm going to do my scrying spell. Can I say that because I prepared it, I can be like, "Here's my book. You can borrow it. I wrote it down. I know you know it." Scanlan, can you give me some meditation music? What? Why? He knows we're here already! He possessed the queen and said, "Welcome, you're my treasured guests." Remember that? He knows exactly where we are! He seems to be pretty powerful and all-knowing. I'm pretty sure he probably knows we're fucking here. He said, "You are our treasured guests." I wrote it down. He knows we're coming. He wants us to come. Oh! Good job, Grog! You did it! Besides, we're talking about moving anyway, right? So I might as well do it here if we're going to relocate. Plus, I want to be near the energy of the Far Realm. Maybe it'll help a little bit? It's what I'm hoping for. So wait, do I get two inspiration dice? Okay, but I'm happy because of Grog, right? And I want to meditate specifically on the horn, and I want to use Pike and see if I can channel her vision, focusing on the horn, since that's what we really know. It's pretty much the only thing we know what it looks like. Oh, come on! Do I still have my Enhance Ability up? 27. Ow! Christ! What-- why?! "You were in pain, "so I thought I'd fucking slap you across the face?" Gee! Sorry. Wow. ORION AND K'Varn's a beholder. Not only is K'Varn a beholder, K'Varn has been experimenting on himself and so he has armor grafted onto him, and the horn The horn which-- I don't know. Yes. That big green light. Can, we can see it? Is it like the Luxor in Vegas? Can we see the green light? It's like an arcane prison around all of the Elder Brain. Clarota, do you know how we could possibly break this prison? Oh, man. Each eye tends to have a beam that has a different ability. It's a magic fun bag. It's probably got everything from Silence and Dispel Magic to Petrify to a disintegration ray. It seemed to be emanating from the top opening of this pyramid that was the main temple of the center of town. It was almost like a beehive. It was focusing the energy. We don't know. Actually, I can learn Heat Metal and I can heat the beam and make it (clicks her tongue) beam. Yeah. I'm assuming-- oh, go ahead. Underwater fight! It's his laboratory. Well, we've got the acid thing, and maybe Grog can-- I like Percy's idea. We've got that acidic vial. Well, I can always be an eagle, and I can maybe fly, or maybe Grog could carry a big boulder. That way, after the acid has-- He could throw a big boulder to collapse it the rest of the way. Wait, the bomb we just threw in that room? Yeah. There's no need for us to relocate now. Wait. Why? We can do reconnaissance from where we are. We've got a magic carpet. It's literally never been a problem. But we're not all going for reconnaissance, are we? Okay, well, then you guys go check it out first. Okay. So we'll start boating over. Yeah, I'm going to take the boat. Awesome. Trees are bad? I actually go collect a few of the vines hanging from the trees. 16. I wanted to collect some. No, I'll wait. I thought we were next to a tree. Or a really big thing. Yeah. Yeah, how many shirts do we have left? 14! Grog crush! Aww. So sweet! Happy birthday! That's so sweet. Yay, Zandor! Thanks, Zofer! Confirmed?! We still need to fix that. Yeah I'm half-elven. We'll totally take brooches. Fish are friends, not food! Aww. We fought a manta ray. If you go to our website, it filters through, but as long as you hashtag Critical Role-- We'll be able to find it. Yeah. Axis! Huzzah! Congrats, David! Scotty doesn't know. (laughs) Yes. You're Gazlowe? I didn't know that! Christ, 4 am? Good morning! Guten Morgen! It's always so much fun. It's true. They've got great storefronts. Spy store. How much are those novelty checks? Yeah, five hit points. Thanks, splatterkitten. The power of art! You're so cool! Dance! Well, we can dance while setting up for the Q&A. 1,034? Wow, that's huge. Well. (laughs) God, I got asked this question at the panel over the weekend, too. It's a hot topic. Everyone wants to know how I killed the kid. Well, we were fighting-- tell us about the fight. So basically, a sorcerer Neverland Ranch. And we actually found these clippers for the chain. We were like, "sweet clippers. Pocket. Keep going." And then we get to this emperor with these giant gold chains and we're like, "How do you break these gold chains? "If only we had clippers. Oh, well, we don't." So there was one. So we were trying to get these kids away from us because we don't want to hurt them, but we wanted them away, so I used a Grasping Vine, and I was trying to yank the kid away, but the Grasping Vine attached to the chain instead of the kid, so with the chain at the collar around his neck, when the vine yanked-- Oh, that's right. I should have grabbed the chain, but instead-- Hey, there was a few of us with family ties. Over here, as well, and over here. All these people with royal family ties. Can't be a part of the SHITs. "What have you been doing for the last ten years, Keyleth?" "Well." Again. Ten. Neutral good. (laughs) Is that better? It's a long story. And the ability to work in your pajamas. Who? Me? I don't have a holy symbol. Not a druid thing. I like the earth. I worship the earth. No deities. Yeah, tell Geek & Sundry to take us there. My first game was with you, but then I've done other games since and I came back for this one. I've had some frustrating DMs, too. In Los Angeles, there is no age, only age "rages." Age rages. TRAVIS AND I would like to age rage. (sing-song) I will never tell. I'm 18 to 30. May birthdays! I know, you're going to get motion sick-- Oh, that's amazing. That's awesome. Oh, did you guys do that on camera? That's so cute. It's adorable. People are now asking how we met. It was supposed to be SNL, but geeky, nerdy stuff where we were going to write and perform our own sketches. That never happened. Yeah. You got me an audition for Resident Evil. And then I was like, "I owe you a drink." Yeah. Wait, you and Trinket? Yeah, I want to hear it. Trinket. Hardwick. Vin Diesel! That would be hilarious. Steve Blum. Eminem. Yeah. We've had a run-in, once-- Soul transfers? No. I don't think I've seen you stand up so fast. Has anyone permanently died at any point? That got us in a lot of trouble. Oh, there was also the time you slapped Trinket on the ass and I think you were sleeping on the couch that night. Demon blood. Yeah, it's your interpretation. We want to see different interpretations. Oh, really? I didn't know you felt-- How much do you write and how much do you improv? I mean, someone said, how much do we write and how much do we improv? Everything the players do is improv. We used to play for eight hours. People are saying to make them longer. A drunk episode? Question. Worst possible enemy to fight? Probably a beholder. Someone asked how the party met in-game. That's a good question. Yeah. It was so sad. (laugh) It's on Liam's Vine. If you go find Liam's Vine, there's a five-second clip of all of us just screaming bloody murder. Yeah. I remember you saying you'd had a bad week, too. That's right, you were going to go somewhere. Oh, that's right, because didn't you have guests? You had people who were visiting you and you went back and you're like, "(cries) You don't understand." We start killing gods. It's hard to pick. I don't know. I have a soft spot for Grog. I like Percy, too. I'm not going to lie. Percy as a character. Finger mustache. Yeah, Pike's great. They haven't met Gilmore. We come in Christmas pajamas. I still have the pine cones you gave me. Oh, I love your dice thing. You have a dice graveyard. You should auction them. You should auction all your graveyard dice. The Dice God! I did get a custom die. Someone asked me what my favorite animal to turn into was. I'd have to say it was probably my tiger, my saber-toothed tiger. Minxie form, which Grog named because Grog and I went on a-- We went on an intimidation mission, and I was his pet tiger Minxie. RNGesus! What would RNGesus do? Ravenclaw. No Gryffindors in this bitch. Get out, Gryffindor. Get out. We love you. He's destroying the illusion. Have we ever thrown a total curveball at you, where you've had to do that? Where you've had to be like, "Uh... uh..." Like that time we sneaked in the back door of the thieves' guild? Slytherin. (laughs) I know, it's been two years, and we don't know. Yeah. (laughs) Yes. That was a good one, though. Was that the same time where I ran at the wall and started foaming at the mouth? We basically took the insanity plea to get me out of prison, as a team. How do you mean, tabletop? All tabletop? Yeah, we like Magic The Gathering. Settlers of Catan! I think the four of us here are all Warmachine Hordes players. Yeah, there's also D&D board games. Branded D&D board games that are fun. Mini dungeon delvers. They're fun. Do whatever you want. It's awesome. Fun, imaginative world. Yeah, that's true. Yes. That was fun. Yeah, it just kept getting more and more involved. Congratulations! Everyone should try D&D. The world would be a better place with more D&D. It was a while before I told you guys I was a princess. On the website. RPing that guy. Which I think is why Percy is one of my favorite characters. Like as our character? In-character? Keyleth would probably have a mountain lion. Keyleth likes cats, and she lived in the mountains, so something native would have been mountain lion-y. It's been an hour? Going back to the question of my favorite thing about D&D, because that kind of got segued out. Aside from the people, I think that it's something really fantastic-- not to sound cheesy-- and magical when a group of grown adults can get together and use their imagination and have an amazing time, and my favorite thing about Dungeons & Dragons is when you walk away from it, and especially after you've slept on it and after you meditate on it, it's pretty much real. It's just as real as other things we do in our day-to-day lives. If you guys noticed how excited we got when we were like, "oh my god, you guys haven't met Gilmore yet." And all of us went, "oh my god. Gilmore." And we all got excited over an NPC. Yeah, I do, too. Yeah, I have dreams. Because for us, Gilmore is real, and Pike is real, which is why we all fucking cried our eyes out when Pike died. No. What's your favorite part of D&D, Orion? It's weird, too, because I almost feel like bringing the game public and for everybody else, and the fact that we're doing it weekly, it's almost bled the reality lines even more, because now they are like, "oh, yeah, totally. Clarota. "Yeah, we totally know who you're talking about." And so we're like, "yeah, Clarota, right?" You guys know Clarota. And we're getting fan art. (laughs) Yeah, it's true. Yeah. And they stay young forever. I might have to bring in a dwarf. It might be time. Well... (Swedish accent) Oh, you mean this dwarf? ORION AND (same accent) This dwarf accent? (all laugh) (same accent) Hello! Hello, welcome to Kraghammer. (same accent) Where's the d20? (gasps) Critters! Step up. It's pretend as adults. Totally. If you can find a group of friends that you can openly play D&D with, without them judging you. Bondage friends.