So funny! I know, it looks so pretty. You look like a Wicked and Divine character. It's pretty great. Along with Shaun Becker and Eric Campbell. Couldn't do it without those guys. Check it out. It's very good. That was added after I sent out the announcements. Aw, thanks, babe. Aw, thanks, guys. May birthdays! Oh, yeah! That's perfect! I guess we should also say thank you, Hardwick-- We were in the process of-- It was the three ladies, right? I whisper to Pike and be like, mm, we didn't think about this potential outcome, did we? Child, how long has it been since you've been away from your home? Delivery. It's not what we did this for. It's fine. We're just glad he's home safe. Nope! Not a scratch! If he has weird dreams-- don't worry about it. Children, you know. Oh yeah, he's great. Give him a little hot cocoa, warm blanket, he'll be fine. Can I reach down and pick up the statue? Tell me about this deity. Melora. I might be able to help. Can I attempt-- hang on-- can I attempt a Mending spell on it? I hand it over, and I tell her, I'm a druid of the Ashari people and I know several worshippers of Melora, but wasn't necessarily a believer of her powers. And you're sure of this? Why should I believe? Thank you, my lady. I wouldn't make a show of it. Yeah. I thought we weren't either, I thought it was just the girls but then everyone started talking. Why don't we let this woman return to the rest of her day? Is he old and hard of hearing? Been around the world. We give a big shove. Oh, him having advantage because I'm helping. Keyleth, hello. A little. Wilhand. Did they want something in particular with you? Why did they want you? I've heard the story, yes. I've heard. I know. You think the goliaths-- You were aware, right? Okay. Yes. Yes, that one. Two, three-ish? We're also going to need any and all recruits that you may know of, or any favors you can call in. If we are in fact going to fight this dragon? It's fine. Eat food and talk about a plan? I don't think I've ever heard anyone say "at dawn, we plan." So I'm going to assume-- At dawn, we Microsoft Excel! Can we get an early, 12 Angry Men raise of hands on who if they want to fight the dragon or not? Do we want to do this? Didn't we meet Davin? Shut up! Yes, I feel like this would be a group outing. Time is of the essence. What are we doing, actually? Before we walk and talk, do we get the general idea that it's safe to walk through the city right now without being murdered? Considering we just put on the most epic Avengers-style display. We also have your cousin Zanror now at the head, which seems a little bit more clever than Kevdak ever was. Well, look, it's not a bad call, the dragons seem to be interested in the power that they hold over the people. There's no people, no power. He has to land to get his treasure. If we had a little bit of time or if we're really, really smart, we could theoretically rig the most epic dragon trap ever. Right, because even if we somehow by some insane chance defeat the dragon, cool, we've defeated the dragon and now the city is still under control by the Herd. You and Zanror seemed to have a mutual respect. So you don't think he would hesitate in a second to turn on us? Sure. There are going to be consequences to this no matter what. We've never fought like a full realized dragon, correct? You can't build a machine like that in under, what, a few weeks? I feel like between Pike and Scanlan and I-- Well, look, I feel like between Pike, Scanlan, and I and Percy with his mechanical genius, we can figure something amongst the spells that we know to make a viable trap. I have a feeling they were very upset when we killed the blue one. Once again, there's going to be consequences no matter what we do. Partially ajar? Oh, we're leaving this up to a coin flip, now? Yeah. (sighs) I don't give a shit what the fates have to say. Who the fuck is this guy? Try a lumbar. Maybe a different result. We're going up, right? Up or down? You've got the fancy broom. You guys were born at the same time, you're both scrawny. Yes. I second this. Why is Vax holding on? I was going to be like look for the circlet! Just a reminder. Percy is a paranoid rich person, so he knows things about them. The PTSD is really starting to sink in. While they were up there dicking around, we were looking around at the middle floor, anything good? Well, that is without being said. Anything good that looks-- 19. Being very gentle. Okay. Aw, look, they're doing it together. It's iridescent! Telekinesis? No. Wait wait wait. What if it explodes the lock and then we're not able to get in at all? We plan! I want to throw up a Gust cantrip in front of us to help shield us if anything happens. Is your unseen servant okay? I do too. I wanted to head towards the alchemical stuff to see if there's-- Supplies. Primordial, Druidic, Sylvan. Elven. Yeah. I start clearing out the materials and throw them in my bag. What were you saying, Scanlan? Well, I'm assuming it's there in case someone breaks in, like would trigger a trap. Right. Wait. And Drez sent us out through Quall. So why are these things showing up wherever we go for Quall? Oh, that's right, and now he made-- now we see the fruits of our labor. I see. We brought back the crystal so he could make this thing. Yeah, I start looking around to see if there's hidden chambers, loose stones in the wall-- Oh, that's true, the Hunk of Quall. I pull out the Hunk of Quall. I walk over and I start brushing it away. Would it be a dark iron cobalt band? I take off my very prized circlet that I love oh so much. Why'd you make that face? And I put the serpent circlet on. And I concentrate to see what it feels like. And I hand my circlet to-- Don't break it! It's a family heirloom. Not Windows 10, not Windows 10, god damn it! (laughter) I want to stay here and see. You guys continue looking around. I'm going to meditate for a second. Slight tickle of cold? I concentrate on it. And I see if I can manifest the cold? I focus on the golem. I look at the golem, and I say, step forward. And I go, sorry! Sorry! And I go, rise. I look at the rest of them and I go, holy shit. And I say, your manners. Wave to Pike. And then I say, and a curtsey for Vex. This is the coolest! And I say, what do we say to those who we have just vanquished? And I look at him and I say, never forget that. He has my mind. That's what I was just thinking. I'll tell him not to. I tell him, hey! (whispers) What should I? Should I say his name? Does he have a name? I like it. Spike! Is he spikey at all? He's bludgeony. Okay, I ask him, are you called something? (laughs) Fassbender? No. Enter the locket, Fassbender. Good work, Fassbender. I guess we walk him out of here. What kind of a spell? It's a thing you've been working on? I walk him out. Scanlan, do you have a circlet right now? You had the Ioun stones. Do you have anything on your head? Well, my circlet, I'm a bit attached to it and it's very nice and has a lot of benefits to it. I can wield. I can use him. Honestly, Fassbender might be something that we use sometimes and not all the time anyway. Maybe? Well, let's try it, I guess. Let's make him invisible and get him to the mansion. Shit. Hey, Vex? Do you have a Pass Without a Trace handy? And I'm going to tell the golem to walk quietly and stealth. Or attempt to, as best as he can. (stammering) What? Why is it? No! Why is it going up the staircase? Oh, we're going, oh. I thought we were outside the front door. Let's get back to the mansion. I mean, it's a magic door. Scanlan, can you just make the door a little bigger to fit him? And I say, Grog, meet Fassbender. Fassbender, Grog. He's invisible, but he's a giant stone golem! And I say, Fassbender, shake Grog's hand. Remember, manners! Ooh. Fassbender. Scanlan named him. You have a nice glow about you. Bathroom break. That Critters have power. I want to try some stuff. Hang on, I'm tweeting out a link for Loot Crate. How big is the training area, can we all be in the training area practicing our skills? Yeah? Let's do that. Let's go practice. Let's have a group training session, you guys! You're just leaving? Just like that? We got to talk. We'll train while you guys go! What what what? Pop-Pop's? Okay okay okay. I do the mending on the Sarenrae statue. And I want to try a few tricks with the golem, but throwing that out there. Go ahead. It's true, there were like a bunch of slimes and stuff down there. Status gained fall into a pile of shit. Never to get out. I do want to do some exercises with Fassbender. Who doesn't want to do exercises with Fassbender? Abs of stone, that Fassbender. Okay, he's not invisible anymore, right? You dropped that, I'm assuming he dropped-- sure. He is with us, yeah. Oh, yeah, oh, sorry. Grog, Fassbender. Fassbender, Grog. I'm terrible at naming things, I just go with whatever the first person shouts out. Oh, you did say Spike. We overruled it with Fassbender. (laughter) Spike, ehhh, not that one. Okay, so first I say, Fassbender, run! And I want to see how fast he can go. Okay, and I say, Fassbender, punch Grog! He's used to this, Grog's fine with it. This is how we train with Grog. It's fine. We'll find out. I say, okay, all right, enough hitting each other, enough of that. There's some other questions first, other questions first. I cast Call Lightning. And I just, it's fine, I bring down a bolt of lightning on a dummy, and then see if I can also command Fassbender to punch a dummy. So would we say that would be like a bonus action, what I just did? No? It was an action for each? Okay. So then theoretically I can have a concentration spell up and be like, kill that thing, and they won't overlap? A new command. It's not a concentration to keep up that command. So, like-- keep fighting the dragon until it hits the ground would theoretically be one command that would keep going? Okay. Thank you, Speak and Spell. We found out if it can talk? Fassbender. (laughter) Can you gesture to me with your fingers and tell me how many years old you are? (whispers) I don't think he's listening. He's distracted. Okay. Hey, Fassbender. Cast a spell on Percy. (laughter) Well look, I wanted a live test subject. Hey! To Percy! That's awesome! Percy, you're in slow-mo! You're slow-mo, Percy! It's amazing! It'll wear off. All right, Fassbender, can you drop this? Fassbender, drop the spell. It'll wear off. Okay. Fassbender, do you know any other spells, and if so, cast them at the dummy this time. I go up to Fassbender and I cast Stone Shape on his chest and see if I can repair that crack. Actually, before I do that, can I do a level one Cure Wounds to see if I can heal him first? Okay. Do I roll a d20 for it? Eight points. Eight points. So he gets healed by a heal-- How was that, how did that feel? Was it frustrating? Good, good. (laughter) Thank you, that's all I need. Ooh. Fassbender, can you-- I don't think he can fly. Fassbender, can you fly? Fly, Fassbender, fly. How high is it jumping? Okay, I Stone Shape, I take a chunk of the wall and I Stone Shape a boulder. And I hand it to him. And I say, throw it at that target. Yeah. So his aim's pretty good. And then I go, Fassbender, high-five. Yeah. Ahh. Mm. Yeah. You're my buddy, Fassbender. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. It's very old. Okay, Fassbender. Rest. Okay. But I like it-- It's my friend. Okay. I take it off. I take it off. Do I look funny? You're a dick. Mm, you earned it. You're pretty awful, from what I'm slowly beginning to learn about you, Percy. (Grog voice) I'd like to punch the wall. The only one who doesn't wear armor is you. Not much of an economy right now. Yeah, I'm pretty tapped out. It sounds like there were a lot of people in prison, last we heard. I don't know if this can wait. All right, well, when are we going to talk amongst ourselves? Can I pass and wait to hear other people's thoughts? I think a lot. That's actually what I was thinking. We have the means to bail us out very quickly if things go wrong. Conversely, you were a part of that lot once. And you came out of it. I think we're trying to save the world at this point. That was the most impressive segue I've ever encountered. You ever want a vision quest, just let me know. That was the weirdest coping mechanism I've ever heard of. Well, let's finish this conversation over food. Wait, we need to finish this conversation. Every chicken dish ever. Is Wilhand here? I walk over and I slide the bottle of ale out of his hand. All right. I leave the bottle of ale and I take the statue of Sarenrae and I put it in his other hand, tuck him up. Although I feel like we still need to finish this conversation. Shouldn't we all be present? Huh? Maybe it's time to split up. Maybe some of us help fight the dragons while others help evacuate. You're going tonight? I'll go with you. It was ruined and most of it had been picked clean. I mean, it doesn't mean that there's not something still potentially there, but I'm sure Allura got most of the good stuff. She's not stupid. We can still check it out. Callback! Of Wilhand's place? I put my old-school circlet back on, by the way, but I have the other circlet with me. I suppose we could ask the same of your Herd, Leader Zanror. Zanror, if he doesn't have your allegiance in this room, he will not have your allegiance on the battlefield, let them go. Only big men talk big words that only fail on the battlefield. He has nothing to represent any of his claims. Let him go. Zanror-- Zanror, it's not worth losing any of your men before we fight this dragon, just let them go. You're already losing 18. Oh my god. If I'm not mistaken, I recall hearing that no scouts that have been sent thus far have returned, is that correct? And you have faith that these that you sent will? When's it due for its next pickup? Wait 24 hours, Pike and I can take time, and Scanlan, to heal some of your wounded, gain a couple more to the fight. We set a trap in the morning. Something big. Something heavy. Zanror-- I think Percy just had an idea, but Vex'ahlia knows a lot about dragons. She might be good to educate the troops. Also, as Grog mentioned, we have people who could be very valuable allies that your people have imprisoned. It would behoove you to release them so that they can join our side. Conversely, any other type of magical enhancements that you can use to arm against acid? For any and all of your troops, it's definitely suggested. It's like it's a real thing now.