So serial. Grog pranking. Yeah. It's art imitating life. There was fluffing. Just a little massaging. Three. So no peeing today. No pee breaks. Hold them closer to the camera. Hold them to the sky. (laughs) How do Pike do this? I like the little gingerbread, with little lederhosen and they got little goats and reindeer in lederhosen. Oh, look at that Keyleth one! Oh, that's awesome. Are they going to make the next Bronies? Touch all the whipped cream, too. It's true. I mean, the town's in tatters. You could be productive and pick things up. What's the ring do? Like Grog? He was willing to do it until you gave him the idea to not do it. It takes an armor slot. Can we take the fabric and sew it into a nice afghan or something? What if you don't cut into it? Right, it's like one of those "wear nine different ways" dresses? Gilmore's Glorious Books. (laughing) 20 by six? All the artistic-- I have Teleport via Plants. So I can bamf through the Sun Tree. We can all-- We can all. For one round, I can be like, this tree is a portal and we walk through the tree and it goes to another tree as long as I know of that tree's existence. It has to be walkable body-size. There is. I made sure there was a nice-- Big old fatty oak tree. Well, Keyleth is very confused as to why everyone seems to be avoiding each other. It's odd. Everyone's so standoffish. Anyway, Keyleth is going to go help the farmers and try and maybe help revitalize some of the land and help with planting crops, and helping out there. She also wants to make sure all the local kids are taken care of. Any kids that lost their parents in the rebellion. Lead the charge of making sure the kids are taken care of. Dope. Climate change. We'll have Thanksgiving in about nine months. For the orphans. No. What is it, what is it? It's for a shifty bastard. It's definitely a shifty bastard thing. Yeah, but it could be good if you want to pretend to be evil. It doesn't protect you against Detect Magic spells. It protects you against Detect Good or Evil spells and magic spells that reveal your true nature. Wait! What's with you and fucking weapons, man? This is a sword that has a name! This is the thing that's fucked up. Jesus Christ! And he's not even going to say anything about it. You're a terrible person, not Matt, you are. He gave you the device and you used it! Yeah, that we needed to-- we all need to take care of that. By mule? Cheers to that. In preparation? I see the magic tricks and go (loud gasp) and run over, without saying anything. Okay. (gasps), are you a wizard? We've met a few wizards. No, are you a sorcerer? Because you don't look like a druid. This doesn't look like natural magic. What? (shouting) No! God, we've been through way too much of that here lately. (whispers) Okay. I don't trust this guy. (starts hyperventilating) I grab him by the scruff and I say, if you hurt him... You don't know what he's been through, okay? Are you working with the Briarwoods? Did the Briarwoods send you?! Do your magic. Oh, him? Okay. I lean into Percy and I say this guy's not a threat. He's okay. No. (laughter) I've seen enough. The Duke that was formerly known as-- Yes, Scanlan! (laughs) Oh shit. Come on, Scanlan! Kick his ass, Grog! Come on, Grog! I know, I like her, too. She's one of us. Oh shit. Oh look, the young boy you ordered, Scanlan. Presentation's lost. The tieflings! So this is a get out of jail free card. Yeah, Lillith doesn't have the other stone? The battle is difficult, with many an ally nearly devoured, but eventually Vax strikes a mortal blow. Krieg, or Brimscythe, defiantly smashes against the support pillars of the cavern in his death throes, causing the chamber to collapse, the party barely escaping via the teleportation circle. Leaving Krieg's home, Allura finds the party and warns that the evil that feeds on the throne is growing more bold. She herself was attacked shortly after the scrying was complete, and barely escaped. As dark clouds fill the sky above Emon, the party decides the time to strike has come. Allura aids the party in infiltrating the palace, and they storm the throne room. Uriel sits upon his throne, surrounded by his creepily mannered, possessed family. Vox Machina attacks, managing to banish the shadows from within their bodies, but the throne itself cracks in half as the dais below glows a deep red, summoning the entity behind the entire scheme a devil prince called Juurezel, who tells the party of a great war between devils and demons spilling over into this plane, threatening all creation. He justifies his actions, and notes all the demonic forces throughout the city, and tells them of the horrible devastation that will ensue if the party stops him. They read him as honest, and Juurezel asks for their aid in destroying the demonic threat, offering a single Wish should they make a pact. The party deliberates and agrees to the contract. Thinking over what they had just agreed to, the party returns to the throne room, asking for their Wish to be provided to aid them in their demon hunting. Upon its casting, the party wishes to cancel their contract with the creature, and attack! The devil prince angrily reveals his true form, a hideous treachery demon, a glabrezu. A long, deadly, and epic confrontation ensues, one that suddenly claims the life of the gnomish cleric, Pike. Her death fresh in their minds, Vox Machina deals the killing blow, sending the demon to its unmaking. They gather up the cold body of their fallen friend and rush her to a nearby temple of Sarenrae, where a resurrection ritual is attempted... and succeeds. Into what? I don't think it works that way. I try it. I believe. I believe in the spirit of Winter's Crest. I think Scanlan actually might have a better chance with Seeming? But can you Polymorph animals into people? I can? Sure. Yeah, I'm going to make him real beefy. He's got pecs that can lift semi-trucks. All right? Fur, just fur-- Like that guy in the beginning of Barbarella. Yes. Wait, wait, wait. Grog, do we still have that helmet, that pot that you wore on your head, in the Bag of Holding? Can we have that real quick? I put the pot on his head. It's special. (laughs) No paws! No paws! Come on, Trink! You're like a Toddlers and Tiaras mom right now. Advantage? Thanks, Percy. And also sometimes, those birthrights are thrust upon us. You mean surviving being held hostage, surviving an ambush and being pelted with arrows? Percy. I actually have a present for you. Yeah, it comes with a story. You're the only one I-- should we go get drinks? Maybe we should go get drinks first. Let's go get drinks and then I'll give you your present. Alcohol makes everything better. Kill it! When I was helping the farmers clean up, I had this strange moment where I was walking through the field and saw a dead raven. (laughs) More or less. It caught my attention and it made me think about the past several weeks, what we've been through and everything. Don't know-- who knows, it probably died, actually, in the rebellion. Maybe my ice storm killed it or something. Thanks. I was looking at it and it reminded me of everything and I feel like I was instantly trying to forget about everything because I don't want to remember. But we should. And I don't want to remember you the way you were. Because it was scary, and I didn't like it. I like you now. So I took the dead bird and cleaned it and kept its skull and put it in this box for you, as a reminder of what you could have become. What any of us could have become, really, at any time. Because we shouldn't forget. It's a little macabre and I would have bought things, but we're out of money. I'm glad that's not you. Regret? No better than you could have been. There's still a lot to come, you know. I think we all wish we were better than we could have been. Seeing that bird, I'm sure the bird felt the same way. But fuck it, he's dead now. I know, I'm sorry. I'm glad you didn't change. No shadowy demons. Feels good. I think the Boonzy Arts candle is going out. Lucas! The man behind the curtain. I will say, I feel like the DM power, the balance-- It's over 9000! How about Snugglelord riding Travis's cock and balls? Cock and balls. One more announcement. Sorry, I lied, one more. Yeah, well, it's going to be a double feature. There will be a finale to the comic strip of the Winter's Crest festival, so keep checking the Geek and Sundry website because I believe it's going to go up on Christmas Eve, actually. So yeah, check it out. Still more stuff. There is a bajillion hours' worth. Happy Winter's Crest.