We're gods now. I have my 8th-level spell. Yeah I do. I get them all. You so sneaky. Percy, can I see your gun? I inspect-- (sighs) I'm so bad at these. I want to see if there's a gem or device on it, like a tracking device. Oh, shit. 20. I think Percy was right. I think she has been spying on us. Wait, wait, wait. Wait, I can use this, if it's-- Yeah, I can scry through it. And she was very attached to it, which means it should work pretty well. I've also met her, so that helps. Percy. We should go. This isn't helping anything. I mean, all magic has a risk factor depending on-- I can hear, but I don't think they can hear me. It's like looking through a little window. I don't know how this runic magic works on his gun. This is something different than what I would be doing. You're not that ugly. She just meant that to hurt your feelings. But you are a piece of shit. Was Ripley a magic-user, did she ever engage in magic? I don't know if he's qualified to handle firearms. If Trinket shoots himself in the ass... I have to study and then sleep on it, because that's how my process works. (laughter) Oh my god! I have that thing you gave me. I have a secret. What is it that I got? I have a little ball-- Scrying Eye! I have the Scrying Eye. I have it. Once a day. Do we want to do this here? I mean, this is going to take me ten minutes. This is going to take me a second. You guys figure it out, I'm going to start scrying. Oh, fuck. Do we want to have the gun for this? Actually, yeah. I'll do that. I'm going to go in the other room, grab the gun, and scry. Does anything help? Sure, whatever. Can I use both? Oh. I don't know, what do you think would be better, her notes or? Okay. I'm going to use her notes. My spell save DC is 19. Oh no. Bitch! She is a-- I grab the gun-- you are a piece of shit! I'm sorry, I'm still a little fuzzy when I come out of it. She's going after the other one, she's in the middle of the fucking ocean. And she had the cloak. She's with a crew in the middle of the ocean, so-- I can't get us there. There's no trees in the middle of the ocean. Scanlan, can you get us there? I mean, I can mist us. We could mist there, but it would take... No, it's not even an island of grass, it's an island of glass. Yeah, which doesn't sound promising, to be totally honest. So we might have to mist there. Wait, the Water Ashari are in the Ozmit? Do I know if they would be close by this island of glass? Why is it always intelligence? Oh my god. I rolled a natural one. We don't communicate. I mean, we could let her do the hard work for us. The staff is in the plane of the Abyss. Can I also ask another question, Percy? Why does she want these Vestiges in the first place? I have a feeling she doesn't want to fight dragons. Do you know? Why would you say that exactly? Because we've met a lot of terrible people. Their dad. Saundor was pretty shitty. Clarota. We had to fly across the Ozmit Sea to get to Marquet. Gilmore made for us. But the ocean's above us, right? I mean, I could teleport us-- I could teleport us to the edge of the continent, we could sleep, and then Misty Step lasts eight hours. Wind Walk, whatever. Wind Walk lasts eight hours. It could take us a while to even get the airship. We can't tilt the camera up a little bit? Yes, I can. She's in the middle of the ocean. Yeah, we have no idea what it actually is, let's go get it. He's going to take one really close look at that gun and see a lot of whitestone in it. Even if they did see her, we know she knows how to alter her appearance. Also, no offense Percy, but I feel like we need to be careful on who you expose that gun to, from here on out. Not only, one, for people who might think you're the culprit, but two, for people who are going to want to rip you off again. Maybe she'll die in the Ozmit Sea. Is it like a flying from east to west thing where we gain back a day when we go back? And we didn't get the Vestige we came here for, so-- Wait, what? Don't we need it to tap the gun to-- We hadn't heard anything in these past few days, we decided to pay her a call. In her hideout. Clearly we know how this looks, which is why we came to you first. And what are the people around us doing? Are they, like, drawing their weapons? Do they seem armed? I want to just glance. Not bad. Straight perception? 25. I look down in front of me. Is there any hidden cubbies in the table that we are at? Yeah. No. What did they look like? How was she a full week ahead of us? I'm sure you have a cleric in the circle. Talk to her firsthand if you have to. Killed her? We didn't come to you because we necessarily needed to go through the proper channels, we did it because we were trying to be forthcoming. Clearly you are all a talented bunch, so are we. I mean, we don't have any use for it. Or, you know, even if you know of any trees, big trees. Port town of Shamal? The port of Shamal? Why don't we call them in and have them look at it? Are there not that many pilots in the world? Wyverns attacked us! I'm not there at all! Company card, man. What's the card game? --or a six. Aww. I slam some mead in front of him. Oh, I've been practicing that actually. I can be really heavy. Yeah. It's not very often we see you shaky, Percy. Hang on. Wait. Hang on. I was about to ask if you ever have regrets of building something awful and releasing it into this world, and now you just said you're going to double down, essentially? What exactly are you thinking of making? Just because we could destroy your notes, I mean, you're still alive and your guns still got into the world. You're arguably one of the greatest minds in existence right now, Percival. But you are. And Vex isn't wrong. Percy. You know you can talk to us, right? You never share ideas with us. All right, well. You shouldn't feel regret about not taking another person's life. It's a moment of humanity. Did you not want to kill her because in a way you feel responsible for who she is? Also I know you're really smart, but we're smart too. Don't insult our intelligence by assuming we can't comprehend one of your ideas. Percy. Percy. I have! We've been through so much! I want more mead! I love you, but I hate you, but I love you. Did you tell him we were the ones with the wyverns? Because that's what I would have told him. Had I been there, theoretically. Really? Okay. That's true. Son of a bitch! Guys, this could be a gift, think of the possibilities. Can I check it? Scanlan, help me check this. What do we do here? Scanlan, help. Oh boy. 16. Okay, I'll look at it again. What does it look like? What do you mean it looks the same? "And we didn't say your name." I was imagining The Creep music video from Lonely Island. True, the gun was in the other room. Sure. Big money, no whammies. No. I make sure Scanlan goes first. I want to take Percy to the front of the ship. Set it down. And I want to-- (whispers) Say you can fly. Say you can fly. Say you're flying. (laughs) Damn it. We wanted her, right? Are we cool? What's her name? Did we ever get a name from her? Yeah. Ideally, she does the hard work for us. You seem very familiar with this place. Do you have more information? I could do that. Can I do a nature check to see if that sounds familiar? Beasts or something that would happen-- Heat, a lot of fucking heat. 26. That's what my thought was. Would a dragon's breath? What about if a bunch of sorcerers and magic users got together and made a big nuke? Keyteor. How long ago was it? I could theoretically do three scrys tomorrow. I could theoretically do five scrys tomorrow. She knows where we're going, so she'll let us know if we get there? I describe the ship to them from what I've seen. How many hours has it been? Yeah, morning scry. Yeah, morning constitutional, here we come. Bust out whatever magazines they have nearby. Cup of coffee, first. Yeah. Crystal first. It doesn't say. Docked, like anchors down? She's found it. She's there. She doesn't have it, but she's found the ship. She's right off the shore of the island. She's under the water. I mean, I could. They all took water breathing potions. Her plus five other people. I saw the island. It was dark in landscape. I heard Ripley say, "We have eight hours." I'll take water breathing as a spell. Is it concentration? What!? Ten willing? I got us on lock, you guys. I can. Get us closer. Straight through, fastest route, captain. I go ahead and I start casting my first 8th-level spell, which is Control Weather. It's everything I've ever wanted, you guys! I make it temperate with a nice warm breeze. Can I do that? Make the winds in our favor! I'm drunk on power! I go into a deep meditation. This is some Buddhist shit going on for me right now. It's been six hours, you said, since I did my scry. They have one hour left. If we have one hour left, they could fail. They could not find it at all. I mean, all of these things are very appealing to me right now. I'm just trying to understand why. She also has the cloak we want. What do we know about magical items? Do they get destroyed by things like fire or me being a meteor? Then yes, I'm down to fuck this shit up. He can fly. It's not a concentration spell, right? Water breathing? Well do we want to drop your ass off on the shore? This is my favorite plan we've come up with in a long time. Does this look like the right boat? Dispel? Oh, yeah. What's our ETA, captain? I'll wait ten minutes, because I like to milk my time. Yeah. I look through the telescope. Does it look like the same boat? I rolled an 18, so 29. Okay, so am I scrying? It takes me 30 seconds to scry once I get there. I'm going to scry. I'm going to cast Water Breathing, and then I'm going to scry. TALIESIn Wait, can you do me a favor? Okay, so I go to everybody and I say, you have Water Breathing, you have Water Breathing. And everyone has Water Breathing. Then I go, everyone leave me alone for ten minutes. I drop down and I Scry. Okay, 13. Son of a bitch! I grab Vax for safety. Percy, I can destroy that ship if we get over it. I go with Vax. I'm holding on to him, piggyback ride style. I got to get over the ship. I can't fly as an earth elemental! I wait until he gets me over top of the boat. As soon as he gets me over top. Nice and high, nice and high! I let go. We're over the boat? Wait, what? Natural 20! I blow Vax a kiss and then I go earth elemental. I light up my flaming hands! And then I go Keyteor. 6d6. There's got to be one more for this. Don't fuck me. Well all of them. 21. Plus one. Oh wait. 22, plus do I roll my flame hands? 27. I get up and I say Sorry! I tell the guys above Swim to shore! I crush everything. Me? Natural 20! There's no reason that should have happened! Yeah, I guess I start toward the beach. Well that's going to take a long time. The ship is sinking, right? I'm going to drop my form. Okay, I take all the papers and I shove them in a pocket, and I'm going to cast Control Water. I'm going to shoot myself up and out. So we've all convened on the shore at this point? Yeah, I'm meeting up with them on the shore I guess. But there was so much more to do!