In Santa Monica. Yes, and there were a bunch of people who came over from England, as well. We had a couple people from Egypt. This episode is also sponsored by Jameson. Thanks, Ireland! Yes, I have a new show coming out on Geek and Sundry. That is true. Anyway, it's called Signal Boost, and there's actually going to be a never-before-seen promo airing during the intermission, but yeah, I'm hosting the first run, and I'm producing it, and Sean Becker is directing it, and it's written by Eric Campbell, so it should be very fun. I do boost lots of signals. A hundred percent. It's sponsored by Time Warner Cable. It's great. Yeah. Check it, no it's not, that would be awful. Well, six to six, got to be there. May get service. Oh, and it's airing Tuesday, by the way. It's airing on Tuesday. On geekandsundry.com. Because no one had any clue-- Nice! So much fun. You should wear a pot on your head all the time. It's awesome! And it's so good! I got a new note-taking pen. Look at all the colors. All right, well, we know where one is. Where are these leathers, then? From the Raven Queen, we need to figure out where the Marrowglade Loch is? Do we know where that is? No, he's on another continent. Yeah, I feel like if Pike really needed to get a hold of us, she could. To be fair, Kima and I had a rough start, too. She's, I mean, I love you, Kima, but I mean sometimes, you can get a little bit of, there's-- Yeah. When you mean east, you mean like, far east. Like really, okay. Well, no, there's time. It's a new skill I've picked up since we hung out last. It's, yeah, and it has a nice cedar scent when you go through. Also, I need to go by the Fire Ashari before we really head east-east, and they're west. So. The Loch is on the way to the Fire Ashari anyway. Z, Kash, you all have been by the Loch before, would you know what-- I am with Vex, though, I have a feeling that the chance that this item has been completely forgotten is not likely. Why don't we take the rest of the night to try and do some research. Is there any way we can find maybe maps or something about ancient history books? Oh, no, but I mean, we need to find like books about civilizations that might've been here in the past that might get us some sort of-- Like a library. Is there a library? There might be some pictures. That's the first time I've ever seen Vex pay full price for anything. "Perv on?" Wait. We didn't have that conversation with her. I don't know if that holds up in court, Vesh. I was going to say, do you want to Mist Walk this? It would be appropriate this time. Yes. Let me see how many people I can do. Just accept it. Just accept it. Just think about it. Think about being a person again. Yeah, let's turn like people again. I guess if we get trapped underwater, we could just concentrate and turn into bubbles. Right? That would work, theoretically. How far away is it under the ice? Let's stand over top of where it is. I was about to do that, yeah, but I want to go over-- Right above it. Yeah, so. I have Water Breathing. We could do that, too. So pretty. All right, if we rest, I can learn Water Breathing. I do. I could attempt to see what happened. What do you mean, there was no plant life? Strange. This was at the bottom of the ocean floor? Can I do a nature check to see if that sounds like anything familiar and could be a problem? It's possible. 18. That burrow? Giant worms? Are there any underwater serpents? It could be a sinkhole. It could lead to-- Unlikely, but it could be a chimney. What time is it? Let me go take a look, real quick. I can do my beast thing. I'll be fine. I jump in and go shark form. I can't do nature, or anything like that? Can I see if the hole is natural-made, or man-made? Damn it. 14? Does there appear to be any type of motion, or does it look like it's going downward, or is it just flat? Let me do a quick lap around the ruins and see if I see anything that jumps out at me. Oy. 11. Does it look to be a similar downward suction thing going on like the other hole? (laughter) Okay. That's the scientific term. I bounce out. Three point landing. Hi, guys. Yeah, fin, fin. Land shark. I'm with Zahra. Seems like something scary is probably burrowing down there. We'll probably just have to avoid it tomorrow. I just snuggle up with Trinket. Hey, bud. Yeah, wake me up whenever. Yeah, I grow a basket. (whispering) So majestic. He lived! Does it look like the same one? (whispering) He made it! Percy was having-- you were having an episode. And locked yourself in the basement. Oh, it's a long story. We saved him, though, and we told him to come here! That is true. How cold is that lake? How big-- you said the lake was like 350 feet-- I can control water. I might be able to, actually, yeah. I can focus to part the waters for about ten minutes. And then if we don't find anything, then I can still cast Breathe Water on us. Are there a lot of fish in here? Yeah, I probably can't even get all of it out, but let me-- Let me see what I can do. I guess I cast Control Water. Thank you. I was going to say, actually, I think as Control Water, I can also change if it freezes and if it's solid? Can I freeze the edges of this? Make an awesome-- I'm just going to focus and keep pushing it out. Go! Move fast, you have ten minutes! I am going to go ahead and start pushing some of the water outwards, out of the lake as I'm keeping it pushed. I've got a lot on my mind right now, Percy! You all had better be making damn good use of this time! I start tossing water out of this lake. Seeing that they're still doing a lot of work, I'm going to start seeing if I can push some of this water out of the lake a bit. Maybe? I start walking towards them. Yes, if we try and go super fast. I go and start heading towards the tunnel and pushing all the water outwards. Let's head downstairs, and we might not need to worry about this in a second. Yes. Which no one-- and it doesn't even work there. Paper. We get tons of fanart, that's paper. It's my background now. Me and Pike, it's the only ones, 'cause it can't fit all of us, you have to try and frame it. Put it on the thing, on the paper. Right on-- right, yeah. There you go. Yeah, let's all stealth. I rolled a natural one. 11. Do they look to be on patrol? Are they walking back and forth? I poke my head in between the twins and I go, do you guys have an earache? Does your ear hurt? I'll stay center with Percy. Is there any moss-snot near Percy and I, in the middle of the hall? Can I do a check-- A snot check? That one failed me. Get out of here. Let's do the wood one. Oh, that's good. 29. So it's not from a creature, but it is natural? You said there's no acridness? Hey, guys. I don't trust this goo. It creeps me out. Just be careful. I mean, we can manage that, if you think it's not a dead end. I keep an eye on the goo. Disadvantage? Do they appear to be raven feathers? Maybe this was some sort of offering to the Raven Queen? We might be getting close. Ravens, yeah. Onward. Scanlan, would you like a little bit of-- enhancement? Natural enhancement, of course. I reach over and I enhance-- what are you probably going to be using, dexterity? Is this going to be a sleight of hand check? I'm going to cast Enhance Ability and give him Cat's Grace for his dexterity checks. Don't lose your hand, Scanlan. We don't have Pike to regenerate it right now. Dear god. What was your first roll? Yeah, I'll jump over towards the doors as well. Oh, yeah. I rolled an 18. What? MATT; So, as all of you start leaping across into this small tunnel right before the doors, taking a moment to inspect it, the final member of the group right before Trinket, who rolled a two-- Oh no. I turn and I cast Grasping Vine from up here and try and yank him back up. Good to join us, Grog. Like an altar? Secrets, secrets, secrets. Oh, shit-- Just me and Grog. Four. Four, yeah! Lucky number four. Whoa, that's good! Son of a bitch! We weren't prepared! It's everything-- Yeah, they've got fear, disintegration-- I've got a list, I've got a fiends book. Okay, first things first, I'm going to-- Where's that laser pointer? What? Come on-- Oh my god-- do I still have enough time to do a bonus reaction to try and save her with a Grasping Vine, or is she gone? (groans) Straight dexterity? I rolled a natural two. I'm going to try and move behind him so-- I'm not, like, in his eye cone, am I? No no, behind him a bit-- I'm going to cast Blight at fifth level on him. Oh, god. I'm so afraid. So it's going to do 9d8 damage-- anyone give me some d8s? d8 me. Fail it, motherfucker. Yeah! All right, okay. Eight, ten, 15, 17. So, four more. These were at 17-- That could've been better. What'd I say, 17? Plus another seven, this is 33 damage. So we established that this moss-slime isn't natural, it's not like a plant. And now I'm going to use my bonus action to go into earth elemental form. Yes. This worked last time. Do I still have enough movement to where I can, like, go underground? Can I do that, or no? Is there any earth around? Can I, like, Homer Simpson (slurps) into the wall? Okay. To be fair, I think I still have your Enhance Ability up-- That's hot. You could move out of it. Plus two. It's fucking 18. Question. Did enough stones fall out of the ceiling that might be, like, me-shaped? From the Fireball? Is the ceiling considered worked stone or is it just carved out? Yeah, let's do that. Like, the hole that was already created by Scanlan's Fireball? Well, I dunno, I'm doing the Earth Glide, so-- Oh! 30 feet? Do I make it? Just make it? Okay. And I just want to-- Oh wait, was that cocked? I don't know. I don't think so. And it's not great, no, seven. That's my turn? Try it again next time. What is happening? You can still cast a spell. Woo! Did it maybe loosen a little bit of stone up a little bit more? Oh my god, that's bad. Fucking make this shit. Make it! Okay. I forgot this last time; as a siege monster, I can deal double damage to objects and structures. I'm assuming this is a structure, yeah? If I want to, like beat through it? Okay, so I'm going to do a slam attack through it. Come on! Ah, fuck. I don't know if that stone'll respond. Oh, this is to the wall, though, right? So 14. To the wall. 2d8 plus five. Five, so that's 24 damage. To the ceiling. I'm just going to try and once again catch him in-- I have two. I have a multiattack; I can use two slam attacks. To, like, punch the beholder into the ground? That's what I want to do. Okay, okay, that's not bad, that's not bad. 21! I'll take it! (laughs) Oh. I guess I just have my dex? My strength? Which is a plus five. It was a total for my d20 roll? That would be 18? Am I, like, on top of it? Okay, so I just brought him down. Do I do any damage? Beast Sense? Beast Shape? I was wanting to, like, ride him, stand on top of him-- I would've had to, like, specify? That sucks. I can't crawl backwards? I can't, y'know, like-- butterfly effect? Can I do a bonus action, then, if I fell out of my form, and cast a spell as a bonus action? Can I cast Grasping Vine? No, wait, no, never mind, I can't grapple. Okay, I'll cast Healing Word on Scanlan. Oh, son of a fuck, I'm in his fuckin' front eye! God damn it. Shit-- cock-- balls-- She critted. I run to the edge with Vax, since I saw fucking Kima go over. Vax is coming down to get you! That's hot. Keyleth actually goes over and starts doing her harvesting thing. Yeah, that's true, I'll check out the eyestalks. Kashaw! Revivify, revivify. Oh my God, I'm shaking. What do you mean, she could destroy? What do you mean? Kashaw, you're running out of time. I reach out, and I touch Vax on his back. Do I feel or sense anything different? I grab Kash by the hand and, just to him What does this mean? How do you feel? Why did you do that? I walk up to Vex. And I just say you know, he loves you very, very much. So very much. I still have one more Control Water spell I can do. And I go with Kashaw. You know, Kashaw, for a cleric, I was concerned maybe you didn't believe in much at all. And I was very unsure of how you got all of your radiant powers, considering I didn't know what you believed in. But you must believe in something. So what is it? Well, you did our family a great service today, and you didn't have to do that. You know, you're a good guy too, even though you try really hard to pretend not to be. Thank you. For everything. You actually think we can do it? Yeah, he is. Okay, yeah. And thanks for looking out for me. By the way, y'know, you didn't need to apologize for stealing that kiss before, it was fine. What? Really? It was my first! Yeah! Aww, yeah! High five! Question. Who was your first kiss? Oh, sure, yeah. Yeah, no, that makes sense. Cool, yeah, no, it has been-- (laughter) I-- Yeah. Well, I c-- we should probably-- That's fine. Okay. Well, I mean, we're-- we'd be passing through, it'd be-- Just-- it'd be great, yeah. It's big. It's a big, big world. Sure, yeah. Yeah. We do still have the Fire Ashari. Granted, I could theoretically just tree back. You guys want to go take a nap at Whitestone? LIAM and Tree Stride. See? Yeah. (yells) What did you roll? Well, I thought Raise Dead just brought them back, like, to life as a zombie, that's what I thought. Because Pike got on him next turn. And Mary, getting the "How do you want to do this?" again!