In which we have a new poster. Also designed by Joma, aka @ForgingMeanings on Twitter. So yeah, it's our next iteration of our box art poster. The advanced edition, y'all. I know, it's so great. Are Vex and I still separated? And is Oralan still there? Is that his name? So we're alone? Really glad you learned how to speak with animals. Who? Our what? Who? As a druid would I know about guardian animal spirits? That's not my strong suit, man. Oh that's better, okay. 23. So because people just manifested the god as a bear, it slowly turned into a bear? Spirit guardians. Okay. Nothing now, I don't think. It was made out of stars and space stuff. Percy, did you find anything in the cave? Would I know if after the spirit guardian has passed, would he just go back in his cave? And bears are fairly territorial. I don't know, it might be wise to stay out of the cave. Look, Grog, I touched a flower and the whole realm almost collapsed, okay? I don't know. Last time I touched something, I didn't hear the end of it. And now we're just going to let this happen? You do you, man. You do you, guys. Keyleth talks to the rest who stayed out. Okay, Percy, do you have an hourglass thing? We should play that gambling game. Okay. I bet-- how much gold do I have? Three gold. That's true. That we have to run in after and save them. You're going to take that bet? Okay. That they come out safe and sound? 200 seconds. All right. So did the bear only have one claw? This is the lucky one. 27. I think that means you owe me three gold, Percy. Well a lot of these spirit guardians tend to have worshipers, and a lot of times they'll bring them gifts, so that makes sense. Yeah, I probably should have told you guys that before you went in, sorry. Yeah, it sounds like we've all been through hell. Okay. I thought we camped on the outskirts. Right, so we camped and we got up, right? Yeah, I feel like we camped out right before we went into the Moonbrush. But if you can't guide us through the Moonbrush-- But you said you've never been here. Yeah, I'm just wondering what his use will be from here on out. Hang on a second, Garmelie. Huddle real quick. Why don't we send him home? He could die. He's not going to be any use from here on out. He's never been here. Which I'm starting to get a very strong feeling of. We got betrayed by Clarota at the 11th hour, so-- Station wagon. Facing backwards. Can I do a nature check to see if I feel a breeze at all, or is he bullshitting? 16. Because it makes him seem smart. As we go, I just want to Druidcraft little green pebbles. No, let's do brighter-- red pebbles to start leaving behind Hansel and Gretel style. Little pebbles. Tiny pebbles that I can recognize. Every hundred feet or so. The theater! How big is the river? We have to get across the river, regardless? I can control water and part the river for a second. For a hot second, yeah, I was trying to stop myself. I cast Control Water and make us a little bubble as we walk. I don't want to Moses this, I want to give us a little bubble that we stealthily walk under the river with the little bubble. Yeah. The bard is just now figuring this out? I sit down with Percy. I sit down with Percy and I say six gold that after 200 seconds, they run out screaming again. Ah, there it is! You might have won this bet this time, Percy. I'm holding onto my six gold. Second to Grog. Come on, Vex. Sure. You owe me six gold. But she's running back out screaming! Three and three, we split the gold three-three. It was a draw. Wait, hang on. How about this, you guys... I believe, as an elemental, I'm immune to charm effects. That's true! You're right. I Druidcraft the cotton. Oh shit, Flogging Molly's playing the Feywild, yo! I don't think that's happened since we played at home. That's right! If you want to rage and go in, I can be there on standby. I use Alter Self to shape my fist into a giant rock fist and I deck Grog to throw him into a rage. Grog, go get our bard! Keep the rage going? Nice. Which weapons? You want the magical enchanted instruments? We're good. Oh, that's the happy campsite. I thought he was being metaphorical. I didn't know it was literal. Yeah, we're not stepping on mandrakes, right? The Shademirk bog. No, that was Oralan. Ukurat's the lycan leader. The Fendir, is that what you said? This mystic-- Iotha, you said-- she has the power to subjugate your kind? Does she have the power to create more lycans? The Shademirk bog. We're just stacking contracts. If we take out the pixies, what is the future of your tribe? Just a question. Do you guys hunt the pixies? Because I'm getting the sense that this is a weird turf war, and I just want to know the full story before we enter into this contract. Why don't you guys just agree? You guys take this half of the forest, and they'll take the other? I can even help you guys build a big wall, if you want, not to get oddly political. Maybe death is not the answer here? They think I'm funny. I'm not trying to take sides here. Just from a third party looking in. Trying to understand both perspectives, maybe. Exactly! Not a bad idea. I have a few spells that are good against people who can transform, but we're also in the Feywild, so I don't know. Until we get out of here. We're talking about exterminating the group of fairies-- You don't think they're going to put up a massive fight if we go in and start kicking their relics? You genuinely think we can destroy the relics without harming anyone? I want to see the pixies, too. Maybe we can talk to the pixies about-- Maybe they can work with us. Garmelie. Go, Percy. We brought you here. Garmelie, is there anything in particular about pixies we desperately need to be aware of? Let's go. This is so cute. Oh, all of us? Sure. 17. To kick over their rocks. They said it was the source of their power, right? That was very fun. But it would take out the lot of them, right? How wide is the entire-- It'd be no problem for me. I'm sure they have other means of spying on us. Here's what I have at my disposal. A, I can shapeshift into a little tiny spider and go in there-- No, unfortunately. Beasts. Particular. Yeah. Once again, probably destroying their entire village, but yeah. But I could go in like a spider and be a spider. I also happened to bring Hallucinatory Terrain today, so depending on how smart we think the lycans are, maybe I can make it look like we destroyed it. 24 hours. Let me double check before I make promises. Maybe Scanlan, do you have something that could-- I don't want to waste a spell and then find out that they have some sort of magical barrier enchantment that it can't stay up there. Yeah. Well, I'm burning a spell slot. Yes, 24 hours for a 150-foot cube, I make a terrain look, sound, and smell like some sort of other terrain. The only thing I have that can get us out fast is Plane Shift, which will get us out of the Feywild, but I brought that just in case. Yeah, we could do the Hallucinatory Terrain, and if it fails, then I guess we won't be in any worse situation. Well, it won't hurt them. It just makes it look different. Well, we can do Hallucinatory Terrain, and if we run into the lycans, all we have to do is say we did it. I was dropping little green rocks. Yeah. They were red. They were red rocks. No, I can do this at a range of 300 feet, so let's back up 300 feet. Hallucinatory Terrain, are we doing this? Are we ready? Are we doing this? I did it, bamf. I want it to look like the fairy terrain, but their little huts are on fire like they've been raided, and I want the circle of rocks to be obliterated, and all their statues to be knocked over and it smells like fire and shit and pixie blood. Like Grog said. Yeah, I'm sure it smells delightful. Herbal. They can see it, but they can also be like oh, this isn't real. And werewolves. 22. I'm looking out for werewolves, for lycans. Athletics? 24. You're taking us through the bog? Still to the bog. Oh fuck. Fucking old magic. They're so scary. To be fair, I don't remember entering a formal contract. You told us to go take a look at the pixies first. And to get a second opinion. And we have made it to the edge of the bog safely, without your need of safe passage. Yeah, they should've told us that. I don't think they wanted to tell us that. Oh my god. What's a good burrowing creature? A badger? Yeah, we entered. I can dig and see if we can go under, just in case. Can I take a look around and do a perception check to see if anyone else might be watching us? That's not bad. 25. Are there rustles in the bushes from someone who might be invisible? How long have we been up? So it hasn't been a full day. Let's call it an early night. Can I... I want to go Minxie and do a little perimeter walk in the forest a little bit. Natural one. Elven, Sylvan, Primordial. What was that last bit? Sorry. I start purring. I wait for a second, and then start stalking them. Yeah. Can I hear the little discussion, anything? Yeah. I have stealth as Minxie. I get benefits, right, as a tiger? Oh, yeah, I do. Oh, not good. Ten. I just start eating grass. I roll over and show my belly. Sorry. 52. They're going to Finger of Death me, aren't they? They're going to do something bad. I look distracted with other stuff. I sniff and wander off. Just doing cat-like things. I mark my territory. I spray a little bit. I'll just start a new one. Don't worry about it. Fuck, why? That one's a 19, can I go with the 19? Oh, that's a 16, that's good. Saving throw, so 21. I've got my ring of protection, which gives me a plus two. Okay. I head back to camp. Whenever I'm back. Oh jesus. Oh man. I'm a big girl, come on. So I stalked a couple of fairies for several hours. Yes, I caught him up a little bit as we were walking back. Pretty sure it is the fairies who are creating the magical barrier, and I'm pretty sure it's because we might've scared the living shit out of them, so it might've all been still our fault all along, like most things are, so we'll talk to the fairies tomorrow. They are actively looking for us. They saw me as a cat. I think they tried to cast several spells on me, and by some luck of the draw, I managed to feline my way out of them. I think they are looking for me and us, and I won't be a tiger anymore. Can I help hide? I'll help her a little bit. Okay. Okay. I will sleep, then, I guess. I pick a space near Vax. I shuffle uncomfortably in my sleep. I don't know why I just had a nightmare. That just happened. He wants to talk about your IBS, and there are lycans. I'll allow it. Are we awake? I say good morning to them in Sylvan. They didn't bite any of us or get any of us. We're not infected. And they instructed us to kill you. We didn't want to harm you, so we thought if we just made it look to those silly, dumb lycans like we hurt you. By throwing paper balls, if you will. I did just a simple visual spell, and we tried to move on, as to not get involved. This is not our fight, you see. Can I understand what they're saying? They were trying to exploit our abilities. We were being held against our will. We were threatened with life or death. There was nothing personal. It's okay. I can fix it. I have Greater Restoration. She left, right? That wasn't in front of her. I didn't say that to her. Oh, they're taking him. Oh! I cast Earthbind on Grog. Yeah. It should ground him. No, I cast it to my friend, who is about 12 foot tall and a giant target. Come on, don't make stories up where there aren't any. What? You fairies are manifesting these ideas, okay? You are creating a dichotomy that does not exist. Oh, see, look. They're doing it right now. See, that is what it looks like when an incantation is targeted at you. It's one action. It's one fucking action. I just looked it up for that reason. That's not good. That's not a good initiative at all. I notoriously roll terrible on my initiative. Are they going to form a-- That's exactly what I was thinking, yeah. They were trying to take Grog. Fucking assholes. I feel like we were very reasonable, considering how unreasonable we normally are. And a hard Grog. Was that my fault this time? it was a mild combination. I might have contributed. You first, bud. Coming for you first. What we don't want to do is spread out too much and get fucked. Oh snapricot. I'm a fucking hipster. Okay, I can do that. This is my bailiwick, yo. I have an inspiration die. Ooh, I don't think I'll need it, though. 28. You even lift, bro? Come at me, bro. Got the John Cena going on. Is it because War Caster? And it's typed. It's typed up; it's not written in. Already? Come on. Come at me, bro. Okay, 27. Wise as fuck. Can I dash and go a little bit further and still do an action and lose a bonus action? No, it's either like run or nothing? Okay. Here's what I'm going to do, I'm going to try and start making my way towards Grog, I'm going to do the 30 feet towards him. Do I see the fairy leader? I'm going to blow my 6th-level spell. I'm going to cast Sunbeam, and Sunbeam her in the face. Oh! Does it go through to the one on the other side behind her? I was looking at the red one, closer to me. I don't have the fucking pointer! No, not that fucking red-- this one. Yes, that one. Jesus. And the one behind it. No! Fucking bitch. I said bitch! I was trying to be nice to you fairies! No, it's not! Goddamn it, that was a 6th-level spell! That's right, she does! You guys are supposed to have good parades. Out of how many? I'll help him first, but yeah. I can do that. That's Vex. What? Why that one? I do still have my inspiration. Natural 20! My voice just cracked, but it's a natural 20. It is. No, I have a recording and an audition tomorrow. No, I did, guys. When I revealed it, it was a 20. That's okay. I'm going to do inspiration though, just for safe measure. That's good, so 20 total now. That's still exciting. And I just give her a-- (grunts) from the corner. Did you go, too? Are you petrified, too? Did he get turned to stone? I don't have any inspiration left. Natural 20! This is a real one, this time! A real one! We know. We're still terrified. I'm going to continue my two steps towards Grog, since he was my first destination, and do Greater Restoration and unpetrify him. Fucking 5th. If they make this, it's bad news. They had to make 15? Not my spell save DC or anything? Fucking fantastic now that I've burnt through two of my top-level ones! Wait! I wanted to do a bonus action! I did want to do something on a bonus action. Can I Alter Self my throat and (howls) give a wolf howl? Yes, I'm calling for the lycans. Ooh, that's good. 23. Have you been lifting, Bigby? You know those Hulk gloves? Oh shit. You're a force to be reckoned with. They were all above seven. High five! Aw. Come on, Scanlan! I take my last 5th-level spell to dump a Greater Restoration into Grog to bring him back from petrification. I can burn my 7th-level spell to bring back Vax. I will burn my 7th-level spell to Greater Restoration Vax and bring him back. You make a great parade balloon, by the way. You look great. To be fair, I tried. Those fairies are shifty little shits. I am burnt out on all my higher-level spells. Oh my god, you're still here! We tried. I didn't want this to happen. I'm a bit tapped on my higher-level energy, but can I maybe take a minute to ritual cast Greater Restoration on the two new statues of the lycanthropes? Greater Restoration? I can't take my time with it? They'll figure it out. I'm pretty tapped out. If we sleep, I can come prepared with lots of Control Water spells. It wouldn't be that bad if I didn't get Counterspelled twice. Fucking fairies. Yeah, at the break you were talking about how badly you wanted to kill things. You did, you tried. It was a good moment for Grog. Yeah, we let the disease spread? You want to be a werewolf so bad. You're just saying that because you want to be one so bad. Saturday.