I look forward to all the voicemails. - Yeah. Yeah! I'll put it on my white car. (laughter) You guys want to say anything? You didn't say anything this time. Do you want to say how much you love everybody? - Yeah. - I head back into the chamber and see if I can find any of, like, Raishan's scales or, like, Raishan blood or... I'll watch from a distance and make sure that, you know, it's not boiling over. - Yeah. Yeah. - That really sucks. I want to assume that was karma. -Yeah. - I feel really bad for that duergar now. That sucks. That's a rough way to go. (laughter) Okay. - Lay on Hands, Lay on Hands. Same. - Yeah! My new besty. - Kerr? Keyleth just closes the distance and runs up and just hugs Kerr. What are you doing here? I got your gift. It meant everything. - Maybe even a little too literally, like-- like 20 minutes ago. A lot of passing through fire here lately. I sky write up in the air, is there like a-- like a sigil of Emon? Like a-- I do that into the sky with Sky Write. She's lying. Okay. Call the locksmith! I just-- I grab Kerr and I start ushering him down into the hole. Into the hole! Great time for a personal crisis. Great timing! Yes, that was his turn. -Yeah. - Ooh, I rolled a natural 19. - So that's 29-- no 30 total. Yeah, are there any signs around Scanlan as-- Okay, I pick up the pipe, since I recognize what-- that's where the scent is coming from. Can I like, do an investigation check or something? If I can put together what's going on. Fifteen. - Yeah. Guys. I feel like this was a classic Scanlan. In terms of choices, I don't think anyone did this. I'm gonna start kind of, like, like kinda, can I start seeing if I can find whatever he put in this pipe? Eleven. Hey, Vex-- Vex, look. I-- I think he did something. I think he-- he tried something. Look and see if you can find what might be-- what he might have put in this pipe. I take the pipe. Sorry, the flute. Scanlan, why would you be asking if this is a hallucination? Just curious. Huh. No, no, no. I'm too-- Can I do an insight check on him? Twenty-two. And it is us, so. You're not calling this a failure? What? - As Vax walks back, I kind of pull him aside and I say... You ran in after me. This is-- Partially on me as well. Us, all of us, I guess. ♪ Kerr. I--I tried to be the hammer that you said I needed to be, and I don't know-- I don't know. Oh no, that was a pretty great letter. I feel like I focus so much on just my want for revenge and justice against Raishan that I made it so personal that I forgot that this isn't about me. It's ultimately not about any of us. There's something so much bigger going on here and... ♪ Maybe my onus and guilt was, in some way, selfish. I don't-- I don't know. ♪ I admire your wisdom. - I do! Would you be willing to lend, at least, a little bit of your knowledge to help us maybe find Raishan? Well, you know, that was a pretty good summary actually, yeah. She knew far more about us the whole time than we ever knew about her, and that's still the case. Yes. J'Mon! Before you leave? If you were fighting a green dragon named the Diseased Deceiver, who wanted ultimate power over her domain, where would you start? I'm at 30. I kinda fell in a pit of lava. Yeah, I just-- Keyleth just bursts into tears. She just start-- I'm so tired! I'm so tired. I do the same to Kerr, I just...my eyes. Why am I so cold? Yeah, I have 118 max, so. Yeah, I'm gonna burn a few hit dice as well. Oh, yeah, you'd be like climbing. No, no. You wish. Naturally. Jesus Christ. That would be perfect, yeah. You can't really destroy magical items though, right? I'm with Kerr in the hall, right? You have this conviction to your voice that's just--I believe you. 50 gold, 50-- 50,000 gold. I was asking the same question. It's considered a scimitar. Seventy nine. She collects magical carpets. Ah, is it a bigger tapestry? It's a California king version. Can you be like a Silver Surfer thing? Ya! Vex, does it look like our old carpet? Does it looks like they were maybe in the same family? - Yeah? They do look Druidish. Do they look Druidish? - Okay. ♪ Five. These are so pretty! - Oh, my gosh. Okay, I'll look at these later. I, well... The soles are a little melted now. Sounds like that Japanese RPG. (cross talk) I think also, I think Keyleth's hair would probably be shorter now again, thanks to the fire, again. That's real bad. - That's pretty bad. Do you see anything from Greyskull in there? All right. I was gonna say people are gonna have to pull papers. Very matter of factly. Gems, yeah--gems for heroes feasts are always good. Yeah. - Yes, someone trustworthy. I see Kerr hesitate, and I bend down and I pick up like a handful of gold and say... I'm taking a little bit of gold for myself just 'cause I'm low. That's what I did with 500. But that's our loot, that's not the city's. The Clasp should be aware of that. Well we can, I'm sure we can still throw them a little bit of platinum, but... I mean, Percy-- Well, Percy, you once said that every good city needs a good underbelly. I imagine that the underbelly would also have a vested interest in a having good city, I imagine it works both ways, right? Yeah, thank you. I'm learning from you, just like a little, -where it's appropriate. - Only where it's appropriate. You literally said different numbers every time. We also just saved their city from utter destruction. Why don't we just hand this over to someone else and let them handle it? Regardless, I agree with Grog. We have more important things to worry about right now. Things never been said before. We have a hand. We have a lot to do. I can try and scry with the scrying eye, but that's it. Yeah. I can try to scry on Rai-- Did I find a little, like a scale of hers, by the way? That's slightly better. Uh, ten total. Anything, blood? Yeah, that'll do it, yeah. I can try to scry on her and maybe get lucky or I can try and scry on Whitestone. The problem is is she's smart, so even if I try and scry on her, there's a possibility that she'll resist it. She did burn all of her legendary resistance, -didn't she? - I'm gonna try and scry on Raishan. Scrying eye. I guess so, but I don't know if you ever put the scrying eye DC on here, it doesn't have a DC. My spell save DC is 20. She's not in Whitestone. Us and with the aid of many others, of course. Allura is safe is Whitestone currently. We can say Whitestone now right? - Okay. -She's safe in Whitestone. - Whitestone, yeah. It's kinda nice saying it again. Asum should still be here as well, right? - Also back in Whitestone? Yeah. - Raishan brought Asum back to us. - And Kima's in there, she's kind of guarding the treasury, if you will. - Solo, by herself. I fill them in on what I saw in scrying. More importantly, what this means is that she is on this plane of existence. I can't scry if she's on another plane, so she's here. I could attempt to think really hard about it. I could attempt to think. Can I do like a--can I do a roll to see-- - Oh, geez. Thanks for your vote of confidence, Sam. That's not good, that's not good. - This is your fault. -It's a five total. - Wait, wait, wait, no, just a straight intelligence check? - Yeah, it's five. I turned to Pike and asked-- and tell her of the island, and ask if she has encountered anything like this in her travels. Big, nothing but ocean, except for that one singular island. It looked like there was geothermal activity going on, so it must be near a volcano or something. Nothing like that? It's okay, Pikey. Don't die. - Southern southern Ozmit Sea. Yes. - Holy shit, holy shit! Oh my god, you just saved us a trip to the library. - Wait, what was that last part? That was really important, banish the necromancer -out to sea? - Who was banished to sea? - You guys--you're all-- we have such smart friends. Oh my goodness. Well, you know, we have-- We have a paladin of the Raven Queen, and from what I remember, the Raven Queen hates necromancers. Maybe she knows, maybe you could talk to her. I'm sure they're out there. - And she's also very familiar with, I'm sure, whatever the Briarwoods were doing, and with whatever the Ziggurat is on the bottom of Whitestone that we still don't know what it's technically for. - I bet she does. Is Gilmore still around? - Yeah. - You've got a little, you've got a little something. Hopefully a good thing. How does it work? - Conjure some wine in your jug. - Back to the runechild thing. - What's that about? Like scoliosis? - Sure. - Gilmore, in your time in growing up on Marquet, did you ever hear any tale of someone named Opesh? - He's a necromancer. - How much longer do you think Raishan will stay there? Especially if she's not finding what she's looking for. - She didn't seem to notice. A lot of times you can kinda tell. - She seemed distracted. - Yeah. I could get us to-- back to Whitestone using my last seventh level spell, and then that's it, I'm done, done, done. - No, transport via plants. It lasts six seconds. - I think my record was like 25 people when we were moving refugees through. Yeah, it was pretty good, still trying to break that. We gotta find a tree. - We do have a tree at the keep if we wanted to make a stop at the keep. What they said. Just like decking children. - How's the garden look? - Okay, anybody need anything? Six seconds, go, go, go! Should find Allura. And Cassandra. Is it soon? It feels like we've been-- at least two weeks. (sighing) (laughing) That's true. Like a holiday break happened. We're not dead. Oh yeah, this is Ker. - My hair is still singed short again. You still have an eighth level spell? (laughing) You're going full Heisenberg. - What the fuck? Oh my god, oh my god. How big are these fucking bathtubs! - I'm working on something. Is that where those water-breathing potions -have gone to? - Marquet, yeah. - I mean, I feel like... - I feel like the giant green dragon in the room is pretty urgent. Um... Raishan is still at large, and we have discovered that we think she is on the island of Opash. When did you tell us that information? Of Viscon? Lucidian Ocean. My favorite. She seemed to be poring through tomes and books looking for something. She seemed very frustrated. Question--oh, go ahead. Exactly. Allura, if we scried on this island, if you saw it again, would you recognize it? Oh, I thought you said... I wanna confirm if she actually is on the island of Viscar--Viscon. But she would still see the same thing that I would-- that I would've seen. -It wouldn't confirm the island. - I could try and scry... on Viscar--Viscon. Right? If I know enough about Viscon, I could try and scry on a location, correct? Find the path, yeah. - If I scry on the island, she won't notice. - It's only if I scry on her. I could look-- - Would I? - If I--if I scried on Viscon, could I recognize, yeah, this looks like the similar island? All right. - Last fifth-level spell of the day. (cross talk) You should try it! - It's so tasty! - See, I told you see was wise. The fire has passed through you. (laughing) It's gonna go all the way through you. So be careful when it comes out the other end. Thanks for setting this up for us, Allura. - Wait, I thought I was doing the spell. We could do it together. You're awesome. Oh, man, it just feels like old days, Allura! Yes, it was. Holy shit. - Yeah. We know where she is. (gasping) It's the island. I can tree stride us there. I saw a tree--did I see a tree big enough? - We need to rest and get there. - Oh, my God, yeah. - We need to rest and go. I--I--I cannot... get us there. - Okay, all right. (humming) Is there a way, do you know, where we can maybe, like, restore ourselves faster? (laughing) What is the minimum amount of time we could sleep? I mean, once again, unless we do this-- unless we get to the island, try and scout out-- find Raishan... ...island, that way if she moves... we won't let her leave? What Grog, what? We can camp like we did old school style. No, he used it to change Jarrett's mind, right? Well. You did it! Okay, well, look, if we wanted to go now, I still have my beast shaping back. I have one first-level spell, two third-level spells, and one fourth-level spell. - I haven't used any of my health. Can we, like, do, like, six hours... ...and chug some coffee? That's Raishan in her female form. I don't think we're gonna lose the chance to kill Raishan, it's just a matter of who's killing who first. Allura, since you know of the island, and we know where she is, is there any way where we can keep an eye on the island magically from afar? If Raishan moves, we know? She could sense it. - Yeah, let's not do that. She has none of her legendary resistances right now. How long did it take when, um, we injured...was that Vorugal? Who retreated and started healing? - Umbrasyl. - In his lair. Doing nothing but sleeping right? I... I think in recent events, I can wait. - How much do you... how much do you heal up overnight, generally? Okay. We'd better get sleeping, I guess. Well, what do you want, Scanlan? - You have been devil's advocate this whole time-- "I don't wanna die again, but she could kill us!" What do you want, Scanlan? I don't wanna die either, and I don't wanna watch any of you die again. Okay. - Do you like it shorter? I just feel like there's so many people I could easily disappoint. I don't want to. ♪ I love you. You know... everyone comes from these backgrounds of having all these well-ventured and traveled pasts. You were the first people that I knew and met... so not only are you the longest, I don't really have any other friends. You are my family. ♪ I'll try not to let you down. I'm not a princess, remember? What is it with you and the theater? (laughing) Why? As long as you go back to Zephra with me, maybe? Does my hair look okay? Does the short thing kinda work? Does it work with my bone structure? The antlers aren't overpowering it, right? The length kind of balanced out this, you know? Bangs. No bangs. I pass out from sheer exhaustion. And we all set our alarms for exactly eight hours. That was a good game. - Yay, Kerr-bear!