That was so good. That was-- Are those the Critical Role dice sets? Oh my goodness! It's true. I put a bunch in my bra, walked around for a day. Boob sweat. High five. Deuces. (laughs nervously) She found you. Same That was two natural 20s. It's true. And he was all poo-pooing on the dice Keyleth goes up and does a simple medicine check, just to see what's up with him. 18. I think he needs his rest. Percy, can we station some of the best sages and doctors to watch over him? Yes. Can I do an insight check? She seems worried. Is something wrong? Do you have to leave immediately? You seem tired. We've all been through a lot. You should rest a day. Let us know if you need our assistance Oh, yeah. What time of day is it? So crass. We weren't done on our side. Keyleth taps Vax and says, Smooth. Nice one. And I turn to Kerrek and just give him a massive hug. Thank you so much for following us into the fray. Literally, into the pit of the beast-- So, thank you. There's not a lot of people who would blindly follow us there. I don't know if would say risking your life is a pleasure, but I appreciate your positive attitude on the whole thing. (chuckles) I'd say you definitely spent your time wisely. What do you plan to do next? Okay. Well, thank you for everything. Sincerely. I give him another hug and say goodnight and go in the castle. I then go, I was going to go find Allura and actually ask her if she had a message spell or a sending spell, and I was totally gonna do that before (all laugh) everyone staring making the jokes about us being shitty and forgetting. Because that would be awful-- --to wait for 12 hours to figure out if your friend is alive or dead. (all singing) Somewhere out there-- She must be insane right now, or half drunk, or both. Yeah, I would be. Okay, thank you. You, too. Thank you. I think we'll head back with you tomorrow to Emon so we can check in on our keep, once Vex'ahila comes back, of course Swamp ass. Swamp crack, yeah. I know. That's pretty funny. Well, the math is always how much you've had to drink versus distance it takes to travel to your goal, 'cause they kinda balance each other out. The longer you have to go-- Yeah, but, oh, I gotta go a mile? Ehh. Half of it's down stairs? I don't know. I had nights like this in college you guys. This is not cool. (all laugh) This is not cool when you wake up like this. Eww. I feel like I want to do "You've got the nightgown and you've got the pudding. "Now what are you gonna do?" in cross stitch on my wall. Oh, oh shit. We've been playing this game for like five years. This is like two and then-- two and a half, four and a half, I think. It was spring break, Cancun. How was your night? Where are-- did you-- how was it? How was that town? Yeah? No? Oh, sure, yeah. Really!? I never pegged him for like-- No way! What!? Shut up. (shocked gasp) Eskil, you devil. You little pit fiend, you! Look at you! (whispering) Oh, he's having a hangover meal. (sigh) Well, I guess, I mean we-- I know Allura's going back to Emon to check in on things since we kind of left in a hurry but, I guess we should wait for Scanlan to wake up. He didn't come back last night, so... I'm assuming he stayed there. She's in a really good mood. I know! I didn't know you guys had that kind of relationship. (laughs) You said "girth". Vex taught me that was funny! (all laugh) Dress sequence! Oh shit. Ooh, yeah, ooh, I wrote that title down. Grand Poobah? This is very important-- Grand Poobah de Boink is the title. I wrote it down. Of all, yes, "In Charge of All Of This And That". de Boink. Like Des Moines, but de Boink. Of the Vermont de Boinks. I immediately look to the sky. Do I see any sign of the Ashari, and what do the clouds look like? Really? Okay. No sign of Ashari? He slayed a dragon. The big green one. It's true. He's a badass. Kerr! Vox Machina was better to have you. And you know where to find us. There's a green dragon waiting for you. He's in my house and you have to fight me to get it, so... But it's technically yours whenever you come for it. Oh, shit! That's fair. You got stuff! I imagine it's wood, and it's box-shaped. A ton of stuff we need to do. Which one? And a rakshasa to kill. Maybe we should start with checking in with home? Seeing how the keep is? We haven't been home in a long time. I guess we were just there in passing. No. I'm tired. Marquet. Right now? Maybe we should also check in with some of our other keep members, and see who's alive and who's dead? Oh, that's right. I totally-- That's right. Did he come back with us, or is he still in Whitestone? We're fine, right? That's true. Who was acting as-- So as a quick recap, he stepped down and gave this whole speech that he sees the flaws in one ruler, and wants to hand it over to a council rule-- Right. He essentially switched it from a monarchy to a republic. Okay. Do you need help in finding your friends? Okay. Kima's with us, right? I grab Vax and Vex really quick, and I say, Hey. You guys are really good at asking people back for the stuff that we lent them. I feel a little rude doing that, but you guys are good at that. So-- The boots. See? You guys are good at it. Pike is very clanky. No offense, Pike. You can keep it. They're like stealthy boots. They're silent! And you don't have to attune to them! Look, we smoothed it over. We're cool now. (laughter) You are the cutest thing sometimes! Well, wait, aren't we going to check in with our keep? If anything, that means we came to Emon for nothing-- --except to go to our Keep. That's true. And as I'm walking through, I keep an eye out to see if there are any Ashari lingering around but I'm sure they've all bounced at this point. Alright. I'm gonna use my druid die. Oh, okay. Just straight perception? 26. Sure. Yeah, I've been gone awhile. Okay So the Storm Crest. Still fighting? All right, thank you. Any bodies that I pass by that are Ashari, I druidcraft little flowers and do my own little rituals as I walk by. Yeah, get this place lively again. Hire people. I go through and use my Gust cantrip and dust off some shelves and straighten some paintings. I'm fine with that. It's not like we're gonna be using it any time soon. Yeah, let me check on the garden, too. Pike, do you want to join me? How's it looking? Wow, overgrown's better than dead. All right cool. It's nice, it's kinda rustic. So adorable. What time is it? Oh, man. So... we're just going to go bury ashes in Vasselheim? No fighting? Yeah, we're not gonna get into any fights, right? Okay. Grog, why are you making that face, Grog? Why are you holding your breath? If we run into bad people, we can fight them. Powder? I didn't eat any. No unnecessary fights. Okay. All right. Well, that's not unnecessary. Didn't we kinda look before? We thought the same thing and it's-- But didn't we do an insight check and-- Right. But it was protection. From what I remember from my-- I can look, right? From Senokir, cause didn't I do an insight check? We plant a seed of a demon spawn. Okay, hang on, hang on. Give me a second. His wifes name was Zofin? Senokir's wife was Zofin? Zaafin? Nope, that's all I got. I feel like I remember-- Well, we already have a tree, but yeah. Make like a leaf and wait-- Make like a tree and leave. (Laughs) Well wasn't he kind of stuck in the Fire Plane-- Yeah. Oh man, you guys, I thought this was something sweet and we weren't gonna question it and now we're making it complicated. I don't know anymore. We're all too scarred and damaged. We were all on board for this until 20 seconds ago when we started questioning it! (all laugh) Vax! Are we taking a peek? It might backfire. Vax, the Raven Queen is like your girl. Can you maybe, like, there is remains in here-- Pike, you're a cleric, if you're that concerned. Man, this is so extravagant, you guys. When he told us it was his wife, we all went, awww, when that happened. And now we're questioning it. Who is trying to sell you magazine subscriptions? Who? Pike, we have to sail the ocean! I just wanna let you know, I feel you. But I'm trying to make this our first step into being a more positive Vox Machina. This is me forcing a smile. There's pain under here. That's why it looks like that. Sorry. Oh, right, I'm supposed to hide behind and bottle those emotions. Right. No, things are great. Yeah, that's how normal people talk, right? Things are great. Yes. We're all huddled around a box, just like, freaking out right now. All right, let's go. Huh? What? He told us where to bury her, right? I have passed by? On the outskirts. So the Abundant Terrace is a forest on the outskirts of the town? Oh, right, right, right. Oh, perfect. Farming district. Okay. Is there a tree there? In trees? That's cool. I want a tree house! Okay. And you said it's safe, this isn't arcane, it's natural, since Melora, I'll probably be okay? People aren't gonna look at us weird when we come out of a tree on the other end? Sure. Sofine? Sofin? Zaafin. That's probably true. (laughs) We saved the world, but we're still a bunch of assholes. What am I doing? Abundant Terrace, ho! We'll have six seconds to think about it. Can I do a quick nature check to see if this is a mystical realm or if they've done something naturey to make it-- 22. I remember he said he wanted us to plant the box under a tree. The Birth Heart. Hi. Ask them where the Birth Heart tree is! Whispers! With their next theme. TALIESIN and Build tension. Build stress. Yes, build anxiety disorders. I guess we'll find out. They said we couldn't miss it. All right. We're trying to do that thing where it's not like you're walking to your car after you've already said goodbye. Yeah. Yeah, we do. Does there seem to be one central tree in the center of all this, or just a massive-- Yeah, yeah, yeah. I thought we already were doing that. The Birth Heart. Shut up, don't judge us! Of Melora? Oh shit, all right. There's a Starbucks! I know! This is so romantical! I go up to one of the worshipers of Melora. Oh hello, I am Keyleth of the Air Ashari. What's your name? Lamor, pleasure to meet you. I was just curious-- Lamor? I want to write this down before I forget. Uh what? L a m o r. Okay. I was just curious. We are here to pay our respects and to do a favor for a friend and bury his fallen wife. Is there a specific place where we can do that and spread the ashes in a respectful manner. Below the Birth Heart tree? I just don't want disturb the grounds. Really? Of course. I have no problems with that. Thank you. Do you have any suggestions? Kind of new to this. One of her favorite locations. Yeah. Okay, well, I think we would just like to bury the box without disturbing the box, right guys? Okay. Yes. That's great yes. Great! Okay, look, I feel like this is an exercise in simplicity for us, and trust, right? Right? It's not you, it's us. (sighs) We really are. Wait, did you say something about a resurrection? You didn't say that, did you? Right. Yeah, totally. They might be chummy! Well... Well, Melora's more neutral. She's more, nature is-- Earth tones, you know. Fall colors. Guys, when we set out to do this, we promised we were going to make this easy and simple and we can't even do that, we are torturing ourselves, we are-- -- making this far more complicated-- Okay. Okay, look. All right. Pike. If you want, before we do this, I could do a Commune with Nature? And maybe study the lands and see if I could maybe connect with Melora? Maybe through my Spire? If you want. Okay, or we could just put the box in the ground, Jesus. You just put, like, a "we are not responsible for any damages" clause into the contract. Would it be okay if I just picked a couple flowers to press and take with me for remembrance? Thank you. I could Stone Shape something simple. That's true. That's true. I out of the ground Stone Shape what looks like a simplistic fire branded wedding band. Okay. (lets out a deep breath) Who are the priests? I was just curious because, you see, I have this staff that has Melora's marking on it. Wow, that's-- You know, that's quite a reaction. I wasn't expecting that. I found it through a series of very hard and troubling events and circumstances. Okay. (inhales sharply) (all laugh) (laughing) Fuck you, Travis. Yeah, okay, you know, that's enough. That's enough touching. What if her aid-- (clears throat) What if her aid was best used-- -- in the world. And not maybe in a museum. Look-- (sighs painfully) You know, I don't want to hold on to anything if it doesn't rightfully belong to me, but this has also been lost for a long time. So who does it rightfully belong to? And I'm trying to do good with it. Okay. I just-- I don't wanna-- Uh-huh. I promise you I will. And I'm very grateful, and I do feel very blessed that I found it and that I have this power. You know-- (sighs) Is there a way? 'Cause you see, I'm not great with the gods, but I've never really spoken to Melora. I have a lot of friends who are very much supporters of her. Is there something I could do to show my thanks? Thank you, Lamor. I will not forget your words. (exhales) Okay. People keep telling me that. Okay. All right. Thank you. Thank you. (whispers) I'm so conflicted. Thank you. Okay, bye. Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah. Shut up, Percy! I think she had just left. No. I'm sure we bored you several times with our god mumbo-jumbo. Tell me how you really feel, Grog. Yeah. You know what? Never mind. I take all of it back. The temple of the Raven Queen? Do you even want to today? You know, you never came back last night. Thought you were gonna come back. Carry on! (laughter) (aside to Taliesin) What do you want for me to cantrip? Two plinths? Yeah, I think I can Druidcraft that. Show me what you've GOOOOT! Show me what you've GOOOOT! Yes! Yeah! Fight! (Taliesin and Marisha sing the Mortal Kombat Theme) With quivering-- He's awesome. Yeah. Scanlan! Happy birthday! Yeah. But there's more. Much more. And, as always, be sure to check in on Talks Machina on Tuesday at 7. Yeah, with the wonderful Brian Foster as the host. (everyone cheers) Oh, Brain Fester! That was-- yeah, the Brain Fester. Your play, man.