It's like Santa Tracker, but Taliesin Tracker. That's awesome! Yeah, should we go off and do a shout-out of each of our charities? We do. And of course, Sam is with Pablove Foundation. Pablove Foundation, which is amazing. I chose the Nature Conservancy. They're great and they protect the lands and the animals that is very important so we can keep having a beautiful green world. Yeah, that's a good stretch of charities. Sorry. I sometimes forget about you, because you're on that side. All things that are important for the future. And of course, as always, Critical Role always supports 826LA. Continually. They are our sponsored charity of choice, and of course look up 826, there might be an 826 in your area. And you should go to their storefronts. They make great date locations, as Taliesin always says. Find the date first. Don't try and find dates at 826. That gets-- that's bad. (laughter) Good show, guys. So what time is it? It was nighttime, right? Or was it midday? Remember, they turned into shooting stars and they flew away. Yeah, I can. Mass sense alignment? No, I'm saying I could do some insight checks on people. No, I'm not Pike. I'm on it with Vex. 22. Is there any deceased that need to be tended to? That's what I was worried about. Okay. Yeah, we put him to bed already. Yes. How long ago was this? She's already been down there. She's already been down there! You think they're going to recognize her now? Well, hang on, hang on. What are we going to say to them when we get down there? What are we going to offer them? Wait, are you talking about us bowing to the Clasp, or the Clasp bowing to the-- okay. Sorry, there were levels. You're essentially relying on the underbelly of Emon to restore it. In your experience. I really feel like it might be necessary for me to also reach out to the Air and Earth and possibly even the Water Ashari. It might be difficult because I haven't been there yet. To see if they've had any other tears through the other elemental planes. We can also seek to employ their services. Have you? What are your thoughts? I can scry twice today. I can do it two times. So we need to pick where it's most important to check in versus where we might want to pop in and say hello. We would have to go to Vasselheim and maybe-- Like, oh, like she-- little ceramic dragons, she likes collecting them? They're also rooted in Vasselheim, which is-- All right, well, how about this? We can scry, between Pike and I, four times. So we can make four phone calls today. Yes, look home. No, we can peek through a window. And we can try and go visit the Clasp. And I want to check in with-- We don't need to scry into Emon. You know what, let's go talk to Pike, because Pike might possibly have some sort of spiritual connection with Vasselheim as well that might save us a scry. Okay. I can also teleport us once today, if we decide to go anywhere. Pike! Pike, do you have any sort of spiritual connection with Vasselheim? Do you feel-- you know how-- Okay, can you check-- Can you see if they're okay? We want to scry and check in with a few places. Okay. Of course. I step up to the table, and begin my scrying ritual, checking on Syngorn first. Syngorn is gone. And I don't mean destroyed, I don't mean burnt. I don't mean that it's rubble, I mean it's gone. The city is gone. There's, like, a huge chasm, a huge empty spot in the middle of the forest where Syngorn once lied. Lie. Like that. Like transported, like the city was lifted out of its place and was teleported elsewhere. How can you be sure? I need to check in on the Air Ashari. I'm going to spend my last scrying. Right. They're okay. All right, they're okay. They seem unaware, which is very disheartening on a few levels. Exactly. Six seconds. Well, moving quickly from city to city-- I don't know. Well, I mean, I've recently discovered that that misty Wind Walk spell that I cast on all of us is not great for battle, but is great for travel. And that lasts for eight hours. Remember how I failed and almost killed us all? Yeah. Thanks, Grog. What I learned out of that was it's not great for battle, but it is great for travel. It lasts for eight hours. We can move 300 feet per second. I'm with Vex. You all honestly-- I can transport some of us via plants today. I will have to sleep if we want and study to do the Misty Step again. Shove a bunch in. Let Whitestone know what's going on. Because they're going to freak out if like-- They will freak out if 20 refugees pour out of the Sun Tree. And they have no context. Okay. So wait, are you going to go on your mission while we go talk to the Clasp? And no dragons! DM question? How many do you think I can fit through in six seconds? If I put them in like a line, and we're like, "Go! Go! Go!" Well, what we should do-- here's the thing that I'm worried about. We don't want, like, a kid to go through, and then they get separated from their mom. Let's do completed full families who are comfortable relocating. How many people? Yeah, a couple single people? To bring up the rear? All right. So let's go to the tree. Percy, you're going to lead. Percy, you're going to lead. We're going to put the eight up front, with the ten, 15 stragglers behind. I tell them all all right. As soon as you see that tree start to part, run! Run your face off! I tell that to the crowd. Don't stop in the tree, you will create terrible congestion. Thank you, Scanlan. I love it. It's so like me. Maybe with my inspiration, I can get a few more seconds in there? Oh boy. Oh, that's not good. Can I add my inspiration to this? Ooh, that's good. That helps a lot. What am I adding? Just my straight wisdom? My modifier? 19 total. Go! Go! Now, run, go! Go, Percy, go! It's like a football line. I'm trying to hold it. I've got the gatestone. I think our reservation's ready. Hopefully I hooked them up there. Just choking on Percy's idea. What-- a magic-- a magic missile? An antimagic missile? Percy, when I tried to touch that thing it was like it was sucking me in. I don't think that thing and me touched. How are we going to turn it into a projectile? At the cost of possibly your life? Have they found anything out, did you get any updates? What time is it? Okay. Did you learn something new, Grog? You seem to have reservations-- (coughing) I'm good. Mm-hmm. Sorry. I got a piece of chip stuck. 35. Oh, waiting for them to pass? Okay. Jesus Christ. I can do that today. Just rolled shitty on my initiative. I love that the rider is like (derpy noise). Go home, rider, you're drunk. Five. Oh boy. Was that in the box? Okay. How far away am I from this guy, like-- roughly how many feet? The guy who's in the air, flying. Beautiful. I want to move up and around-- here-ish. Sorry, I've got this thing in the way. Back a little bit-- scoot back. Is that still in your path? He's your--? Oh. Well, I'm not going to fuck with him. I'm going to-- you Dominated the guy? Should I turn the wyvern into something else? Should I Polymorph him? Yeah, I guess he's Dom-- you are Dominating that guy. Is there anything else that's flying? He's the only one that's up in the air left, right? So you commanded him to attack the one below you, right? I'm going to turn that wyvern into a-- chicken! Yes! Poof! He has to make a wisdom save. Fail! (laughs) This is my favourite game, you guys! Fuck. They all took damage-- and they're on the ground now. I didn't fuck it up this time. Cool. That's my turn. 39. (laughs) Save game plus. Is it? No, you're still up, you're still up! I thought you said you had 55! It was 52 total. Okay. I'm going to push my way through the crowd a little bit. Can I have that laser pointer? Thank you. Okay. (grandiose voice) And now with all of the rage, thinking about all-- I-- boof! Boof! Boof! I want some feather-down pillows for our loft. I channel all of my Fire Ashari ancestors. And I cast my 7th-level Firestorm! So as I concentrate, enraged at the sight of dragons, I have ten-- Yes, you're fine. You're fine. No, he didn't get you away because he knew this was happening, it just happened to work out. So ten ten-foot cubes-- They all have to be connected. Exactly, I'm going to start here and I'll work my way over. They're ten-foot-- remember, they're ten-foot. But they're attached. So they're bigger than that. Okay, okay. Oh, okay, yeah, get the wyvern. They have to make a dex saving throw or they take-- Oh, my spell DC? 19. I just got it! I just got it when I leveled. So a giant, fiery chasm splits open. 24. 24, that was four-- 24, that's good, so 27, 36, 30-- 42 points of fire damage. (clapping) My hands light up. So they explode? Popcorn? And then, I take a bow. (laughter) I go down to the wyverns and I start going for those stingers. There's some ash. I go ahead and I do a cantrip, Gust, and start spreading out the ash. Yeah, okay, let's do different ones. Okay, so first one, I'll definitely take advantage, so, since I have advantage-- not that much better-- 14. The first one. Second one, 15 total. Okay, I'll give it to-- I'll give that to Vax. Do you have poison? Or do you-- Vax or Vex-- I give it to one of the twins. Here, twins. You fight over it. Fight over it. Two more, maybe I can-- 14-- Okay, well, the second one I rolled a 25. That I give to Vex. Last one-- I'll take that 15, with-- 26. He's very claustrophobic. Well, hang on, let's heal up. I need to hit dice it up as well. Hi, Vax. Did you live in this? Did you deal with this!? Oh, oh, that's good. Follow the water towards the light. Right? Towards the light. Are we going towards the light or towards the rushing water? All who vote "light," say "aye." TALIESIN, LAURA and All who vote "water," say "aye." To the light. (murmurs) He's a Spireling! Ooh! Can you give us a moment? (softly) Please? (whispering) Can we talk about this for a second, guys? Do we really need them? Are they really providing us with enough to make this worth our while, to where we essentially want to open up the Pandora's Box of crime in Vasselheim? Do we want to be responsible for that? I feel like we just took one pretty top-heavy deal and traded it for an even more top-heavy deal not in our favor. I'm down for joining them and letting them join our cause, and using their infrastructure, but beyond that-- He's reading our lips. Yes. I agree-- it's joined forces at this point, that's all we can offer them. A place to fight at our side. We don't even know anyone. In a zealot city? You want to go to a cleric and be like, "Hey. Thought you might want "to meet the underground mob boss." And you got to keep that man's money. You seem used to selling your soul, Percy. You just don't know that yet. Percy, you make me so nervous. Vax? We are not abandoning it. We already discussed it. There's more than one way to cut through this knot. I agree. Percy? I'm sorry, but I think our methods of being rulers might differ. I don't think I need to sell myself for the greater good. Let's go. Come on. Unfortunately, no. I end with, hopefully, you will realize there is a far greater enemy at hand than the personal squabbles between us small people. And I also step away. I'm sure he can hear me. No, Percy. The difference is, I don't think I'm better than them. (fire noise) That thing? Vex, do you have an arrow? I hand it to him. Put this in between your teeth. (sizzling noise) I got what you were saying, Grog. But Percy, do you honestly think that after all of this was done-- do you want to be beholden to those people? Fuck! Natural one. Natural one. Oh, good. No, I didn't, I rolled an eight, plus a seven, plus ten. Thank you, Percy. I open the door. Hi. I haven't been wanting to be alone most nights. And I let him in. I don't know. It'll match the rest of the city, Scanlan. What's wrong? Are you ready, Vex? I can put Hallucinatory Terrain over it, that'll last a bit, but not long enough to make it worthwhile. (laughing) "She's just happier that way." We camped out in a few trees outside of Vasselheim. Whatever's closest. There wasn't a teleportation circle to Vasselheim. What's the Abundant Terrace? Yeah, let's go there. That's right outside the city? Sure. Well, it's in the farming district in the city. What was the name of the section of the city that has the Slayer's Take? And also only about a day's travel from Pyrah. Yeah, I guess we all settle in. It's weird being back, you guys. Yeah, do we do that now, or do we do that in the morning? TRAVIS AND Yeah. We traveled. Who? (stammers) So we should probably go to sleep, you guys. Take a nap? You know, it's jet lag. It's teleport lag. It gets to you. I know, it's late. Yeah, we did. It's very sad. We abandoned Emon. If you love it, you have to-- MARISHA and