Which we could have waited and celebrated 50th episode, but fuck it. 40 it is. Are you going to be raising Arizona? We haven't plugged them in a while. Our wonderful charity that we support 826LA. Go check them out. There's still a huge portion of our proceeds that go to 826LA every week and-- Well, they tutor children through the ages of kindergarten and 18, because kindergarten is an age, and help in creative writing and storytelling, and they also have cool store fronts all the way across the country. There's one in like San Fran. I know there's one in New York. I think there's one in Seattle. Yes. Yeah, if you have an 826 in your area, you should go there and tutor, and you should be like 'Hey.' You should go to there and you should tutor to there and you should introduce D&D to them. Run a D&D game for kids. It's very fulfilling. What was it called again, Ashley? All those people. Can we see anything from here? I'm at 32, so same thing. We should get inside, anyways. We don't know what all is safe right now. Why don't we all head down there? What are the voices speaking? I figured we'd all be moving outside, at least. Keyleth stands in the middle of the foyer, unable to move. Feeling that, I snap out of it and run to the south exit of the castle to look for the explosion. Does Keyleth see all of this? Natural 20. 22. 22. Where am I in regards to everyone else? Oh, okay. Okay. I want to use my movement to get under that tree. Yeah, let me-- No, towards the entrance-- heading for cover. Yeah. And now I'm going to cast Fog Cloud at fourth level, which makes it a radius of 80 feet. If you cast it at higher levels, it goes up by 20 feet for each level higher you cast it. So I'm casting it at fourth level. Okay, so I go all Storm for a second, get all misty-eyed, and I want to create a nice low-level fog. Across the whole castle. Well, I want to make it like a fog cloud over top, so we're blinded by-- Yeah, so we're blocked from the dragon as we flee. I hope you guys weren't wanting to shoot at it, by the way. That's it. Well, I moved. Wait, it skids to a halt right there? "I'm not going to roll that many dice." Always a good sign. Does that lead to our keep? Oh god. Okay, I'm afraid of everything-- I'm afraid if I throw up a Wall of Stone or anything like that, he'll be able to be like, oh, I'm a fucking dragon, so I'll go to the other side of the wall. Here's what I'm going to do I'm going to start running towards the keep. Start running towards the keep. I'm going to go ahead and cast Conjure Woodland Beings. And I'm going to summon a giant eagle. This is dropping my Fog Cloud, since that was real fucking useful. I'm gonna conjure it right on the other side of him where it's-- I can then have it do an attack, correct? In the same turn? I command it to go for its eyeballs. Oh right, he's attacking, right, right. He has talons. That was more of a distraction. Conjure Woodland Beings. It's a 4th-level spell. It was a 19-- Oh wait, plus five is 21. It rolled a 20? Okay. It rolled a 21 on its attack. Go, eagle, go! Right in the eyes. Yeah! 2d-- So that's 11 plus three-- 14 points of damage. It's supposed to be a distraction, all right-- And then I use a bonus action to be like everyone inside! Great. 23. Heroes' Feast. That what I was about to ask. Are we fighting or are we running? Who's not feared? If we're running, I don't want to bust out my good shit. We can go down-- inside, anyways. Tickles. Is this Umbrasyl? Does he refer himself as Umbrasyl? No, the red dragon. Is this because of us? It's too long, it's too late. I follow Pike into the temple. I back into a corner in the temple and collapse into a corner. I wander over to Pike and just I grab her hand as I watch. Donate to 826LA. Is something wrong? Okay. Wait, did you close the door? I put my ear to the door. Can I hear them a little bit? (yelling) Wait, who wanted who? What? Hearing Vax unload that information, if I reach through the crack in the door, can I touch Grog? Like my tiny little female hand. I reach through, and if I can grab Grog, I cast Hold Person on him. Well-- Then we can push him over, right? There's three of us, we can push real hard. Oh, wait! Wait, can I redact that? Can I redact that? Beautiful-- Even better. Is he trying to bamf in? Scanlan? While she pushes, can I get up against the crack to see if I can see through while she pushes? Are we trying to hand Grog the evil things? What? Does this mean the door flies open? There are dragons outside and we're fighting, playing rugby with a fucking skull. The rest of us see this now, right? Keyleth cracks her staff on the floor and does a Gust cantrip and goes (whoosh) to make a big burst of wind in the room. Silence! Pike, you sure about this? Can I get a spell off on him? Is it rolling at my feet? Can I get a spell off? What the fuck is happening? Seeing all of this happen, I cast Hold Person. At 4th-level. Against Percy, Grog-- How far away are they? Can I turn around and see-- What about Vax? Vex. Vex. Sorry, Vex. Can I say something? Everyone, stop, why are we fighting? We just watched our city burn to the ground. What are we fighting over? What does this look like? What does this look like to you? Everyone, get in Percy's workshop and we're going to talk this out. I would if any of my fucking party would for once tell me something. You all didn't tell me the full fucking story when we went back into General Krieg's house, and now look what happened. Look what happened because you assholes aren't communicating. Shut up, Percy! (laughter) This is because of us, and you all know it is. Let's figure this out. Go, Pike. (laughter) Oh my god, it's Allura and Kima. Can we all please go back in Percy's workshop? Why not? We are standing in the damn hall, all I am asking is that we move into a quiet room. They call themselves the Chroma Conclave. I'll go ahead and drop the Hold Person on Percy. The Cloudtop District has been demolished. We don't know who all is alive or dead. We can only expect the worst. Yes, but we used our wish to wish ourselves out of that contract. We can destroy more, if we're not careful. What do we do? There was one of each color. All colors except for blue of the chromatic spectrum. I got a few of their names. Does this sound familiar to you? There's a white dragon that called himself Vorugal. A green dragon, Raishan. Black dragon, Umbrasyl, and the red dragon, we haven't heard his name yet. He seems to be the leader. He had a message that he belted over the entire city. He said that we who live, he's showing mercy and that we can either fight or flee, and then-- Okay, something along those lines. And then he said that it was the guardians of this city that brought this upon Emon, and that he has control. He called it like a new order. Thordak? We did, but it sounds like he has been.... My people-- Our job is to guard these realms. Yeah, yeah, oh god. Oh god, what if they're-- what if they're dead? Oh my god, this is all my fault. But wait. We fought-- We fought my elders, we fought the Headmaster. My people, would they be okay? Yeah. What do you know of General Krieg? You were on the council with him, do you know anything further? Allura. Would you consider us guardians of this city? Is this because of us? A blue dragon. I reach out and I grab Vax's hand. They spoke out to us. Maybe two years ago. I need to check in with my people. I need to check in with the Air Ashari. Yeah, this is an annihilation. Think, Allura, what do all these cities have in common? And what would be the benefits of taking over these cities? Do you think they just want domination over people? Over us? They called us ants! There has to be something more that they want. I need to reach out to the Ashari and see if they're-- I leave, I want to go-- Well, actually; Allura, will you help me in a scrying spell? I want to scry and first check in on the Fire Ashari. Do I see Cerkonos? It destroyed everything. They killed everyone. We failed. My people failed, we failed our cause. I'm not as strong as you, Allura. Yes. That's my people. Aye. Yeah, I stand. D&D will never be fun again; everything's ruined. Back when things were so much simpler. Ah yes, thank you. It's so porous. What time is it? It's ten o'clock, and we ended on time and-- I'm going to find a corner to rock back and forth in. I was more afraid of us wishing ourselves out of existence. I wish there were no more dragons... and no more people and no more-- And it turns out that it was just a fucking lame-ass pirate. Fuck that, we don't want to be indebted to some shithead pirate. She would have walked in and we're beating the shit out of each other. I wish I was a woman. Does this mean I'm the last druid to make the Aramente? I'm wondering about the other locations, though, too. We have a lot of phone calls. Like I-- Theoretically wiped my people off the face of the planet. If they all busted through--