We miss you so much! You in your little pink hat! We just love you. Also, all the updates are on Geek and Sundry right? Don't tweet the same question 30 times to every member of the cast. Don't do that. Just look it up on Geek and Sundry. You're going to get a quicker answer, though, if you look it up on Geek and Sundry. American Office or British Office? So we were going up a tunnel? Isn't that most of your paladin power? Oh dear god. We've got other people who can do healing spells. Is this a short rest that we're doing? Does it make that sound? Sounds a bit like bringing the city to us. I'm afraid it might slow us down. Yeah, that's fun. Destroying everything in its path for forever. The figures in the distance. Can we tell by scale how big they are? Do they look humanoid or bigger? Don't fuck me, Gil. 21. Do they appear to be looking for something? Or are they wandering like a patrol? Is that the same guy? (laughing) Ashley's face. Oh no. Yeah. I will use a 5th-level spell to scry. As opposed to the Scrying Eye. Does my Scrying Eye use my spellcasting ability? No, it's 15. I'm going to scry on-- She'll alert people to our presence. Yeah. That death knight that seems to be the right-hand man. Yeah, let's do it. I want to scry on that big guy that was with Delilah when I saw them walking out. TALIESIN and With mine. They're all right. I'm using my last 5th-level spell for this. Do I see Delilah? Can I get any other details on where he is? Can I see any other identifying landmarks? Is he going upwards? Oh, he's in a tower. He's trying to do it again! Or where. Shit, that's probably what it was. I'm sure he knows we're around. Odell. Tell Viscon we have visitors. I wrote that in quotes. Do you remember what Odell looked like? Odell seemed to be a more high-ranking member of Vecna's forces. How many robes do we have? Are we going to claim that we're there to relieve them of their shift? Is that what you're pitching? But then you went back and she was like, "Now you're hideous. Now I'm not taking you back at all!" And you were spiteful, so you went back and turned to a life of crime and deceit. Yes. Because one of the other minion guys was like, "Odell, go tell Viscon." Who's the green robe guy, then? Are they written on the tags like a school play? "Property of--" You know these people have anal-retentiveness issues. Because the red robe was Odell. Viskorad and Viscon are two different people? So there is no Viscon, there's a Viscorad. Your long-lost wedding ring from your past marriage. We've got camo paint and camo clothes, while carrying a bush. Keyleth finds some black dirt on the ground and gives a war paint. Wait! Before he goes, I grab him, and I cast Freedom of Movement on him. You can't be grappled. Yes, actually, I can, because Freedom of Movement is not a concentration spell. So I'm going to burn my last 2nd-level spell and do Enhance Ability to give you-- Peacock's Charisma or whatever the fuck it's called. Let's do the druid dice. Oh yeah, that's good! Skeletons we can handle pretty easily. So wait, it's 12 skeletons, one rot behemoth, and two-- One humanoid, two crouched figures. Okay. Out of all of these, the human with the two crouched things is what I'm most worried about. Well, and humans have common sense. That's true. How wide are the tunnel entrances? Instead of collapsing three tunnels? Okay. Yeah, I'm into this. Do people have abilities to make sure these people stay back and don't rush us while we get through? But there's a person thing. Yeah. Because the skeletons are better to deal with. This is all pretty much unworked stone for the most part? Since you said it was all self-carved. It's pretty rough. I could go earth elemental, go into the walls, collapse tunnel A. You guys make a run from it. I can earthglide through the walls, get to the middle as soon as you guys get through, and collapse second tunnel. But it might take a little bit. I don't know. And I'll collapse tunnel one? How far away is tunnel one right now? No, the one we came from. I can throw up a wall of stone to block the tunnel we came from, and then we go and we do the other stuff. Okay! I'm burning the last of my shit! 6th-level spell Wall of Stone! LAURA and We block it up completely. Well, my spell is going to make noise, right? Should you guys stealth-kill first? I stay with them as far as I can. Center tunnel. Go! Are we all in? She's got this shit. She's a cleric! She's a monster. Let's go! Run! It's Daenerys' dragon! Yeah, maybe it's in the dirt that we just came by! I can. I don't currently have Locate Object with me. I can give my Scrying Eye to Vex. I don't know what it looks like. Unless we have seen it, in which case I still don't know what it looks like. I pull out the Scrying Eye, toss it to Vex. You can have these rushes, you know? It can get a little intense. You'll be great. Yeah. Try and focus real hard, though. Yes, and try and keep your mind clear and on the sword, or else you'll get other weird interference. It's very phallic, but sword. Focus, Vex! Focus. I told you it was where we just walked by! I don't know if that's true. Can I have my Scrying Eye back? I wanted to scry on Scanlan, but then Grog wouldn't let me. Did you really paint Mythcarver black? Why would you do that? 3,000 miles away. Your wife left you! That lets me glide through earth. It doesn't let me tunnel. I can do a Move Earth spell. You would die. You would suffocate and be crushed from the pressure of the earth. Okay, all right, shit. Do you know how close it is? All right, here's the thing. I have an 8th-level spell left, and I have a 9th-level spell left. I want to save one of those. I can Move Earth and make 40-foot tunnels for up to two hours as I go. Would that work? Yeah, but the voice from above said I can't glide the sword with me, but I should be able to grab it and then concentrate-- Well, I'll already be an earth elemental, and I'll have the Gate Stone. All right, this is a good plan. What if we combine plans? Because etherealness can let you glide through your plane, right? It's a glidey thing, but for all things. Right, so can you take the potion, piggy-back on me, we glide together, get the sword-- We've got our awesome telekinetic earrings. And I can make tunnels, though, as long as I go with you. I can't find it alone. I can get close. Wait, I thought we had to have more or less both, though. That's not how earth works, though. You can't wait down there and then switch back and then think you can grab this. If it was sitting under a foot deep of muck, someone would have found it by now. But she knows what it looks like. It's got to be a Vex and Kiki. That's the thing it's got to be both of us. You're stealthy as fuck. We can get there, get close enough, get above it, and then-- She's stealthy as fuck, and I can glide under the dirt. With you telling me where it is? Yeah, can she guide me through-- All right, I tunnel, then! Fucking hell! Are we going to try and go above, or are we tunnelling all the way there? I'm going to burn my 8th-level spell on Move Earth. I still have a 9th, and then this is reaching the end of my shit. Every ten minutes. If that's the case, we have to move on foot above ground quickly and get close, and then I can tunnel us down. I think that's the only way. Other than that, we're taking several hours to get there at a very slow pace. Wait! Scanlan, you still have a mansion? We could break this up. Scanlan casts the mansion, we split the party, and we have a stealth team go get the sword and come back-- If they're in the mansion, though-- He can't sense anyone in the mansion, so we cast the mansion while you're still here. Half the party goes in, team Stealth Sword Recovery Plan goes out, gets the sword, while the rest of the team camps in the mansion. Unless we all want to decide, right here and right now, to try and get closer to the sword than the thousand feet we are potentially away from it right now, together as a team, and then cast the mansion. Or not at all. It'd be us two and maybe Vax, as well. Does anyone have a better plan? Is this what we're going with? ASHLEY and Does the sphere fuck up the mansion? And whatever the closest building is closest to the sword. Who, all of us? And you still have Pass Without a Trace. That doesn't take up one of your Locate Object spells, does it? Then let me cast it. I'm casting Pass Without a Trace, not her. 2nd. No, I'm talking about my big mack daddies in order to still cast other things. For everyone paying attention, I have three 1st-level spells left, no 2nd-level spells, two 3rd, one 4th, and then an 8th and a 9th. And that's it. 18 plus nine plus another ten. 38. I thought the same thing! Does someone have to be holding it? I have the other one, yeah. No, if I'm an earth elemental, I can earthglide. I do still have that. Yeah. Hopefully we're together, though, but yeah. I toss Vex the Gate Stone. Team stealth is stealthing as far as we can, yeah? LIAM and Oh my god. Team half-elf! Yeah! This is me saying this, not Keyleth. All right, don't fuck me, opal die. That opal die fucked me. Wait, do I have advantage? No. Can I do anything else? Okay, let's go! And I run into a door. They covered for me, right? (shrieking noise) Earth elemental! (laughter) Goddamn it. No, I'm beast shaped. I'm my earth elemental right now, okay? So I have tremorsense, right? I sense the twins. No. Oh. But I have Pass Without a Trace, which is still going. So I pop my head out, Jaws-ing. And I'm going to be like-- I'm going to follow their footsteps with my tremorsense. She stress exhaled. Directly down. Doing this as I go. Yeah, swimming down. Not my strongest suit. No, I'm awesome. I'm an earth elemental. Do I count the ones out? Can I roll it again on the inside? Are we sure with disadvantage? Five. Yeah, I'm wise; I'm not smart. There's a difference. Actually, I can. We recently ruled. because it's mental, yeah. Oh, wait. No. No, I can't find it. But maybe that etherealness thing, and now I can literally come up and drag you down. But you still have Locate Object, and then you rub some on you, so you can still maybe sense it? Maybe? What?! But it might not be 60 feet away. Do we still have another one of those potions? You can come with us? This is one of those stupid DND, now we have to interpret what they mean. Wait, though. Come on. It's me and you now; we got this. We're good. Go! I'm getting the fucking sword! I'm getting this sword. I'm here now under the fucking ground! I reach up. Can I grab your shin? Hang on, wait. Can I hear you, can I see you? Nothing with her? TRAVIS, LIAM, and Why did we do this, then? Is that 12? Okay, all right, that's actually not too bad. 14. Seven. Go. You should go. I come over the ear piece and I say Vax, you should really go because you could compromise all of us by staying here. You should go. It could still work. We're cool. Investigation? At disadvantage? Oh, that's better! 13. It's heading downwards? All right, I'll keep being like, this seems like a path of least resistance. I'll glide through that for a bit. Vex? Vex? Vex? Vex? Can you throw a rock or something? It's been 15 minutes? I found a cavern. I'm going to try to investigate this cavern, I guess, as much as I can. Am I still at disadvantage now that I'm in a cavern? That's cool. That's better. God fucking hell. Nine. I come over and I say Vax, where is your sister? What do you mean we didn't think it through? So she's not with you? What? Vex?! I'm not going to leave without your sister! Bye. I really like dill. I'm speaking as myself right now. Marisha really likes dill. I'm in a cavern alone? Vex! Vex, give me a sign? Vex! Throw a pebble. If you can hear me, throw a pebble! Okay. I'm also working this out as me and Keyleth. Vax told me stay underground; made a bad call; sister's underground near me; I know where to go. He thinks I know where to go. I go over to the muck, the greenish liquid, and throw a rock in. What happens? Does it look like acid? Does it look like what we're used to with acid? I just dip in my toe in the cold water. Just dip my toe in. It's acid. It's acid. No one can hear me, but I'm confirming it's acid. I feel so alone. Two points of acid damage? I go deeper. Not into the liquid! Just through the stone, going deeper. I do another sword check. Am I at disadvantage again? That's good! Don't fuck me, Gil! 16. Disposing people. I keep looking. I can't leave without a Vex. Eight. I'm desperate. I keep going. Can I go around and deeper? Can I follow this path a little bit? I'm going to try and go under it. I'm going to think, if there's a pit of bodies that have been thrown away, that maybe a sword is somewhere buried under this pit of bodies. Fucking hell. This is so nerve-wracking. Six. Yeah, but Keyleth. Every few minutes, I go Vex? I'm constantly, Vex? Vex? Vax? Vex? Still looking under this pit of people. 12. Okay. I try and earth clear. Earth clear! Clear eyes! This is stressful. Seven? I go up to the cavern! I'm out! I'm bailing with this. Okay, yeah. I'm beating as I go upwards. Okay, 21. 84, 70, 76. Okay. Yeah, still going. Vex! Does he become a constellation after that? How much time has it been? Come on, Trinket. Come on. Keyleth sees Trinket. Keyleth sees Trinket! Come on, damn it! (bear noises) Where's Vex? Vex? I saw him appear suddenly, right? Okay. Vex? Okay, I pet Trinket for an indeterminate amount of time. I wait. Half my level. I want to drop my form. Is this it? Okay. I give her the sword. I have the sword. Is it the sword? It is the sword. I know where the mansion is, right? Vaguely? Okay, go? Okay, I'll see you soon. And before she leaves, I say Do a little tap dance, so I know, on the outside where the mansion is. I know where the mansion is, though. Okay, that's fine. Okay. I doggie-paddle back. I go in the mansion as fast as I can. I drop form. He knows we're in this vicinity. I think once we get into the mansion, he doesn't know an exact place, so as long as they don't figure out the mansion? I can Plane Shift us. If we rest. If we leave from a mansion, I can teleport us back to a mansion with some pretty accurate-- it'd be the difference between the spa or the kitchen. But if it's gone, then it's gone. But then I could still bamf us back to Thar Amphala or whatever other city that we came out of. Plane Shift! No, but I am doing it as an 8th-level because I'm out-- I'm doing it as an 8th-level. Feywild. Do we have a city in the Feywild that we know of that's safe-ish? The pond! Fuck you! The pond! Why did we do this?! Did we leave behind a gate stone? Did someone say we were leaving one? Oh no. Does it have to be, though? That is the biggest blackest sword! (laughter) Look, it doesn't have any blood on it anymore. It sucked it all in. Hi, Kas! Aw, thanks, Kas. Does he ever get full? This is Grog. This is Grog on Sword of Kas. Just say no. I've been thinking about this, just a little. The Feywild, as you know, when we've left before and when we go back, sometimes time gets a little wibbly-wobbly. There were some things going on with you at the time. No. We can't, but do you remember our friend Garmelie-slash-Artagan? He was cool. Well, he's an archfey. He told us he was an archfey. They more or less control this realm, or at least have strong dominance over it. He might be able to help us make sure that we're going back in minutes as opposed to years. We have to talk to Artagan. I bet he can help us. I don't know, though. If he can help us, might still be able to take a rest. (whimpering) I need to sleep so bad. I'm so tired. (whimpering) I felt so alone. Let's not split the party, you guys. Can it actually kill Vecna, even though Vecna said it won't do us any good? Because Vecna was all like, "Oh, you can't beat me!" It looks like a condomed penis. Don't tell people that, Artagan. We can show you a good time first. In comparison to the world events-- I don't know if you'd like it. Can you give us a full day in order to make sure that he does come back? You would come back in 24 hours, right? I can get us back to Thar Amphala on the Material Plane and specify that, but it doesn't specify where we're going to land in Thar Amphala. I got a question, Artagan. Do you know if-- What? This is so weird. Okay, wait. Keyleth pulls Vax aside. Are you sure about this? Are you okay with this? We can ask if he wants something else! And you'll be back, yeah? In 24 hours or so? Wait, no! Wait! I try to give him a kiss before we leave, before getting dragged out. This is fucking weird. I'm saying as myself this is fucking weird. What? Oh my god. This is so dark. I'd be freaking out. Well, last time he got disintegrated, so we didn't really see him evaporate. But that makes sense. Oh, stop it! I kick the rocks out of formation. Oh, I thought he dragged it outside. Somewhere in that time? How long did it take last time? It wasn't a full 24 hours, but it was the next day. I don't want to leave. Can we save him leftovers? Maybe. Besides, Garmelie gave us his word. So we might as well wait a few hours, at least, right? Give a little tour of our land that you so desperately want access to. Undead dwarves. Sounds like a time-consuming thing. Is that how he lives all the time? Remember what? Sylas? Yeah. That was the bag of holy dicks moment. Bag of holy dicks. Yeah, I shot the beam off of Pike's shield. It was actually pretty dope. But you just said the other thing couldn't be destroyed. Whatever you do, I can get me plus eight other people through with Plane Shift. Eight willing creatures. Can you do a one-day blessing on ten of us? I have to go home with you. Yeah. Dungeons and Dicks. Sext them? Yeah, send them a bunch of porn links. That was a joke! (laughter)