Tell them! It is! More is coming very soon. Very, very soon. Next batch is coming. And check out these awesome Dread shirts, you guys! They're in the store. Aren't they awesome? Mr. Wren! I remember when I got those for you when they were still prototypes in a little white box. Wow. Maybe that's very self-centered of us, now that I think about it. We're heading his direction no matter what. I speak Primordial. Which was what they used-- Correct. I have a question. Didn't one of us have a potion or scroll of language-speaking? Didn't we have that? Yeah. Primordial. Celestial would be close. I would think more close than Primordial. We're making investigation checks? 20. I start looking at the ceiling. Is there any type of-- what are those? The observatory. What are those called, Percy? The celestial, tell you the stars thing? Yeah. Astrolabe? You know those big rotating things you can put in the year and the month in the calendar. What am I looking for? Perception check? That's good. 17. 30 total. Scanlan! (yells) Scanlan! Oh, right. Sorry. Your stories. It's your storytelling. Keep telling the story about the Calamity. Maybe if you talk about Vecna some more and what happened. (singing) Because he's sealed. Yes. Come on. Hashtag blessed. Come on, multiclassing into that rogue now. We're badasses now. No, I'm just saying the difficulties are going to get harder. Alone I am Tome. All the timesies?! How many things can you learn about? And do we have any of these yet? But we were supposed to ask Ioun. Wait, the core? Trying to look away, kid at the back of the classroom. The Sword of Kas. Okay. Oh! Okay. The Sword of Kas. If only people knew that sprigs give foundation to the entire tree. (whispers) Of course. Bye, Sprigg. Vax. Is that what's going to happen when you leave? Okay. Shall we? Before we go to Issylra? Wait. Is Vasselheim on Issylra? How close did I recognize the shore-- Southwest, going towards Pyrah. Okay. Start there. I should be able to Tree Stride us right there. Right? I think so. I burn my 8th-level spell to Plane Shift us back to Sprigg's house. 35 years? Yeah, you could have just asked if you wanted to meet Brian Foster. I thought you said college. He is on this week's episode of GM Tips. Sprigg's. While Keyleth chuckles about that a little bit, I'm going to look around and find a little piece to remember Sprigg by from his house to take with me. And then I'll help him check the books once I've grabbed something. Yours is much better than mine. Five. Does this rusty bolt represent Sprigg? I'll regrow this plant later. Sprigg. We're looking through the books, yeah. Do you think we'll ever have gods in our lives? I don't think they fancy us much. I don't really fancy them, though, so I guess that's fair. They're allowed that. (sighs) Me neither. You know, I felt really guilty about it for a while, like something was wrong with me? I don't understand why I didn't feel it, why I didn't understand. I don't think it was until Sarenrae and even Ioun just now mentioned that we serve that balance and that non-believers are necessary. It made me feel like a little bit less of a fuck-up, I guess, in this whole situation. Apparently, you're a madman. A god called you a madman. It's kind of a compliment. Wow. Apparently. I just don't understand why you were still enigmatic after you already told us in front of Pelor. It's kind of a slap in the face. I hope you know my frustration is only out of-- well, what you just said, I guess. Wanting something to be mine that I won't have. Some things you don't get to keep. I followed destiny my whole life. It wasn't until I got to the end that I realized the whole thing was ironic. Cheers to the faithless. I kind of inhaled a little bit. I don't even know where we got these glasses in the story. Oh god. (spluttering) This coffee's been there for a while. That was the grain of sand. Who the fuck are you? Insight. Is he fucking lying? Oh yes! 22. They are so cute. We definitely sent them in the text thread. While he's rambling, can Keyleth be looking for the nearest big-ass tree? Any clear path of least resistance? Natural 19. Path of least resistance without traps? We need to go. I point out the path. That way! Go! In Vasselheim. I look around. Is there Vecna anywhere to be seen? He said he couldn't see us when we were in the library. Aren't you also wanted here, right now? I did tell the Ashari to start alerting the nearby towns. I bet whenever he ascended, all the clerics felt it. We should probably try and use our words as much as possible. I'm going to keep looking around, make sure no one's tailing us. 21. I watch on the side and don't take my eyes off of him. Is this what he goes through every time? His flesh is cold, but his heart still beats. I kiss him back through the blood. (groaning) That's love, y'all. You did it. Okay, all right, let's clean you up. We don't even know where to find him, though. We're running out of time. If you want to go do a little bit of footwork and see what it might take to get there, I can rest and try and get us there. Remember, you have to find a tuning fork, though, that is attuned to the specific plane. You need a magical vibrating fork that is connected to the vibrating plane of Kord. Right. I'm just letting you know the prerequisites so you can ask the right questions. Just go. Oh, that's true. You're right. I don't think the timelines match. But I could be wrong. I'm not there. But they were making out like Vecna had this sword while we had Craven Edge, right? You got a shard? (gasps) We used to eat these in the Fire Ashari all the time. These are a rare delicacy! Good find, Grog. (gasps) I could grow some more. Oh my god. We can have coal bean soup all the time at home, you guys. These are coal beans. They're great. There's a little juice running down your gauntlet. Fermented? Fermented. Keyleth goes behind Grog and starts cleaning up the beans that he just threw. Sure. No. I was just seeming intelligent. Do we for sure need platinum? Each trammel is 500 platinum? How much do we have? Wait, Grog. You had it in your original Bag of Holding? How much was written down on our original Bag of Holding list? Do you not still have it written down? We had 1,600 platinum, originally. We're going to find out. Is there a place where we could buy bars? If we fail, he could be coming after them. They have no line of defense. I have a few scrys that I want to do, anyway. Nope. I've got to pop out. I'm just wondering if I do any type of large magic, if it'll alert him. Hey, what happened to that skull that we got in Brimscythe's basement? The gem in the eye. Remember, we thought it might be connected? We gave it to Allura. I wonder if it's spying on everything? Well, yeah, we could get the skull back because I was just going through my notes, my old diary, of everything that we've been through-- I have four diaries of everything we've been through. It said evil skull in Brimscythe's-- 1/21. We found an evil skull in Brimscythe's house. It may be connected to Craven Edge. And I put stars next to it. I don't know, that's just what I wrote down a year and a half ago. The skull? What now? Okay, wait, did she say we needed the sword? Also, I think the knight guy that you fought that was super awful was the bloody-- But wasn't he brought back? Kas the Bloody-Handed, right? Oh wait, he fought-- But maybe he brought Kas back and that was the Death Knight we fought. All right, I'm going to step outside and scry on Allura first! Allura. Wait! Is anybody around? Nothing's weird and out of the ordinary? Okay. Just want to make sure. People just punk'd us at Sprigg's cabin! Doesn't mean assassins can't get inside a church. Okay, I'm going! Okay. No, she's fine. She's safe in Emon. So is Kima. They're both safe. Okay. Should I do Gilmore next? Is that necessary? I can scry on an object, right? Should I do the skull? I mean it might just be a lich phylactery or something. But Tary was still in-- Tary... we would feel it. She's in the Bag of Colding. Yeah, real quick, I still also want to scry on the Shorecomb. You guys get her set up. The sword of Kas. Does he have any weaknesses? Is that too broad? But she might not care, right? Oh sure, because he has to do a display to get followers. Unless the knight was Sylas. I don't know, I guess we'll find out. How many times are we going to have to fight this bitch? Can I scry on her? I have three 5th-level spells plus my Scrying Eye that I haven't used yet. Yep. Yeah, this is another plane of existence. We have to be on the same plane. 21. Oh god! There's no safe place to hide. He can see us everywhere. We should go. What if he comes here? What if he comes here to try and find us and he kills all of these people? What if we led him here? She's alive. She's at Thar Amphala, both eyes this time. She said, "It's almost time; it's happening soon." Whatever he's doing it's happening soon and then he spoke to me in my vision. He said my name. He knows... She's alive. How many times? No. I can burn my 9th-level spell and get us there right now, but we'll lose the mansion. I can sleep and I can Plane Shift us when we wake up from this mansion. Seventh. We could Transport via Plants. And I found a tree to get us to-- Shorebottom. Go underwater. I could also cast Water Breathing on eight of us. Yeah, but do the things from the Water Ashari, would those help with poison as well? The plan then is sleep and then we go to Shorecomb. And then we go under this volcano to the anvil? I can do that to us. I can cast Water Breathing on all of us. Okay. And then through a tree, and then there. TALIESIN and With True Polymorph?