The white and pink contrasting with the fur is very confusing to my brain. LIAM and It's going to be so much fun. Oh man. I feel like I was with Vex, maybe on the other side. Yeah. Five. I don't want to talk about it. What do we do? You can't be paralyzed or restrained. And our Heroes' Feast. Do you think you can dispel their magic? Bring it, bitch! It's a cone. It's just going to hit us. There's a hypodermic needle in here! Sorry, keep hitting the mic. Just dex saving throws? MARISHA and No, I rolled a three, so I'm at seven. You said minus 38, right? Do you need help off the coals? You're fine, right? Okay. I am going to turn and do a Tidal Wave against this guy in front of me, so he has to make a dexterity saving throw. Tidal Wave. Let me see. (counting) I don't think I can hit both of them with most of my stuff. I can, but I think it'd also hit you. It's a straight line. 4d8 bludgeoning. Are we concerned about me extinguishing these coals? We can light coals again, right? Okay, cool, then with permission from Vex, I'll put you out! And then I'll step out of the way. Yes! I'm turning into a sauna! I'm going to hit that and go (boom). Fail. Both of them. So they take 19 damage, they're knocked prone, and the water extinguishes all unprotected flames. Like a fog cloud? Partial cover? So it works both ways. I can feel the chat saying "Thanks Keyleth." I can feel it! Yeah. No, wait! I'm going to take my bonus action to go water elemental. And then I can still move, right? Can I then move my water elemental into this guy's space and as part of my elemental form I can move into spaces that are within an inch. Can I enter a hostile creature's space? It goes (splat). They're actually fine. They were on the box. And your new dice box. Morning traffic Percy's like (groaning). Ugh, no! I'm still a fire hydrant. Keyleth is on fire marshal duty. I do some misting, like at Six Flags to cool off Vex. Yeah. Mainly just to make Vex sexy. That's really all I'm going for. I turned into an elemental. I've got to do something with it. I drop water elemental form. You think it needs to be hot first? I look up, I line up the apparatus and look across the room, does it feel like there's any other Indiana Jones-- I think so, too. Just to test, yeah, I'm going to do Burning Hands. How quickly do they catch? Are there any inlays? Okay. It's not my strong point. Goddamn it, that's like the fourth three I've rolled today. Better. 12. Platinum is for the trammels. Is that also a three? Maybe the platinum is only for the trammels, not the key. What is the metal? Can we do a check to see what kind of metal it is, what it's made out of? Wait. I want to prep something. Hide! I'll hug the wall closest to the door. It's Nick Cage at his most mediocre. I can do a peek? 24. The humanoid figure doesn't seem to have noticed us? He's not moving? I convey what I see. I think you might have a guardian you have to fight over that hammer, Grog. If we can take 60 seconds, I back up into a corner and start casting Conjure Elemental and conjure another water elemental to be on our side, from the staff. Maybe he's the guy who tried to use the anvil before. Hang on. We might want to be careful about getting too high. There's a lot of smoke in there; we don't want to suffocate. We're live on the fucking internet, Sam Riegel! "I stealthily get his attention by waving my hand in his face." Before we start, how long has it been since we entered this chamber? Entered into the volcano. Yeah, entered into the first forge room. I'm trying to find out if Freedom of Movement is still on. Can I only have one condition effect on him? Or can I stack them up? Okay, Freedom of Movement is not. I'm going to cast Freedom of Movement on you again, and then I think Enhance Ability is, though, so I'm going to use my concentration to give you Cat's Grace, right? You were using dexterity for the smelting? Then I'll give you Cat's Grace. You have advantage on dex checks. I'll take up the rears with my water elemental. Are they runes or a language? Is it a script? Yeah. So next, after the edge, is decapitation. Scanlan, can you read the arcane runes on his sword? Do you know what this enchantment is? Can I help him? I was just going to say. I'm going to come into the room a little bit. Is his eyesight still trained on Grog? I'm going to send my water elemental forward and see if it attracts its attention, since it's not a mortal. Towards the anvil. Yeah, but didn't Grog train to the right? Does the water elemental seem to be catching its attention at all, or is it still looking at Grog? Can I move the elemental to the left to see if it follows the elemental? That's what I'm wondering. But what if the pistons are fueling the fires, the forge? Also, I've been flooded with tweets on where I got this shirt. You were wearing it yesterday. The amazing Whitney Moore made it. Although we do have a few shirts that we share and trade off. For Human Peoples! I just tweeted it out. Yeah, okay. I'm also rolling for my elemental. 11 for my elemental. 11 for my elemental. Six. Well, you stole the boots. Attack roll or saving throw? It immediately catches your butt on fire because we're surrounded by methane gas. You take four damage. And you're on fire, yeah. Well, he has a head. You can have a face and not a head. TRAVIS and Did you custom mess with this figure? You did, didn't you? Wait. Okay, it's going to move over to him. And he's bigger than large, so he's going to do a multiattack. He's going to do two slam attacks. Plus seven to hit. (groans) One's a natural one; the other's a natural 18. So one hits. 2d8 plus four bludgeoning damage. 18 plus seven. They're two bludgeoning attacks. It just says bludgeoning damage. And he doesn't seem to be distracted or give two shits about him. Okay. Cool. Yeah. You know, I'll keep him on standby in case people catch on fire. What did you find out? Okay. I'm going to do 9th-level Shapechange and take a cue from Scanlan and turn into a planetar. Yes I can. With Shapechange. Right? It is a challenge rating that I can do, right? Planetars? Okay. That's fine. Doing much. Right. Can't dissipate him or anything? Not really. Dooty. Okay. I'm going to go up to Grog and do Healing-- (groans) So I can't do anything else? I was going to say, can I at least go up to him and grab onto Grog's loincloth to make sure his ass doesn't tumble into the lava? Yeah. Please don't fucking fall in lava. So he's blind? Yeah, spellcasting's a bitch. We can make this work. I lost control of my elemental. No! Yeah, he really has. We need to rest. You also still have Freedom of Movement on you. You don't have anything else at all; I got lost concentration. But you do have Freedom of Movement. Can he attack the elemental that's now rogue across from him? He is slowly steaming away, right, because it's so hot? It's 2d8 plus four. Now people know why I don't conjure that many elementals. I'm going to go fly away, since Grog is now fine. Go over to my boyfriend. Would it be part of my movement to grab him and pull him away a little bit, and then can I still have an action, or would that be my action? Then I'm going to fly by and do a Healing Touch on you. You get 6d8 plus three hit points and you are freed from your blindness. 12 plus four, 15. No, 16. Plus another three brings us to 19. Plus another four brings us to 22. 23. And then a three brings us to 26 hit points and you are cleared from your blindness. Can I use the rest of my fly speed of 120 feet like my boyfriend to then fly away? I want to go back and over on this side. Yeah, a little bit closer. Yeah. 19, so it hits me. I am blessed! Is it con as me or con as the dude? Do I take my planetar's constitution? That's cool, but then I still have my war caster ability, too, right? I have advantage? I do have truesight as a planetar. It is pretty good, so that's 27. You said 42? I'm good. 17 plus my constitution? This is why I wanted a stupid water elemental. Physically, you're really sweaty right now. That's why I went there. He's been doing his yogas, though. Wait, how did you do that? Hits. Armor class 14. Yep, I'm on it. Nope, it can be blinded! He's got 70 hit points. He hasn't taken any more damage, correct? Who's blind? You're blind? Is Grog blind, as well? War caster. You have advantage! Yeah, are you sure the poop is the one? I thought you said, "can I shoot at his genitals?" That's a lot of air math going on. Go first, see if you hit him. Sam, how many hit points do you have left? You're blind as, well? Okay. I see my boyfriend down, but I think he's all right, he's fine. You're fine. God, all my friends are fucking blind. I turn and I fly over to Vex and I go, snap out of it! I slap a healing whatever into her. A healing touch. So 6d8 plus three. Give me a d8 again. Not with healing. (counting) 32. I'm going to fly back to where I was and patrol. Yeah, and out of his swinging range. Thanks, Gil! Gil's on our side! Did you have disadvantage on it? He's about to go down, isn't he? Past the lava! Please tell me you're not unconscious. He didn't fail a death saving throw. Yeah, counting our hit points for us? I have four as my planetar, so I've got two more of those that I just did, in terms of myself. I'm trying to keep tabs. Yeah, you kill them before they can retaliate. What was it, 76? Okay. You can still see? Everyone's good? You're up? Everyone's up? You're with him. He's fine. I'm going to fly over. 120 feet. I've got a five-foot reach range. I'm going to do my multiattack as my planetar. So two hits, with plus two. I'm going to do Gil. Goddamn. That's a natural 19 on one, and a natural 16 on the other! Plus 12 for both of those. Okay, and then for both of those, 4d6 plus seven, and an additional 5d8 radiant damage. Okay, for the d6s alone. Okay, that's six plus four, that's ten plus another five, 15, plus three is 18. I'm just doing the d6s. 25, and then, not as great the second time. No, not for this. Only elemental damage. So five, six, seven, plus another seven, so 14. Now 10d8 radiant damage. I may just roll these twice, okay, so the first one. Okay, ten plus seven, so 17, plus another seven is 24 radiant, and then (counting) 19 damage. Radiant damage. Okay. (grunts) As I look around, see all my friends, blind and running around insane, I'm going to go (yells) and fly across the field, and come down with a big radiant strike, and try and invoke in the back of my head, (singing) Hallelujah! And (grunts). Okay, and then I fly over, (whoosh), and do my other healing touch on Vax. Four. Cool. (whoosh) I go over to Scanlan and do a healing touch. 6d8. (counting) Can you give me one more d8? Okay. Scanlan, you have 14, 15, 26. You heal 26 plus three, so 29 hit points. And you're cured from any diseases. Is anyone else blind or rough? I have one more of these if anyone else needs healing. You're low double digits? (whoosh) I drop same thing into Grog. (counting) You get 37 hit points. Is my elemental still going rogue? Keyleth goes Mickey in Fantasia for a second, and she's the axe to the brooms, killing my creation. Yeah. And me with the mantle? Do I get with advantage because of the mantle or no? 14. I can, though. I still have wings. Yeah. I am looking right now. My strength is 24, so plus seven. (scoffs) Again. Why again with the threes? Ten. Is the end of the chain able to where I can pull to at least make it reach Grog or no? Can I fly Grog up? Dog-paddling. Oh shit. We're so tapped out. Can Grog and them let go? Is it going to slam shut? And now I can do my concentration. Let me burn another spell. I'm doing Cat's Grace on you. That fell to the wayside before. Yeah, so we don't waste that platinum that we melted into triangles. Do you need water? I go over and cast Create Water. Because you didn't use it before? Can I do anything to help him? Can I give him Guidance? But it would get rid of his Cat's Grace, but you're not using it. It's a cantrip. I'm going to give you Guidance! I'm doing it! Guidance! Come on, Grog! Come on! That's my Guidance. Good. You still have Guidance. Cat's Grace. Do you want advantage or do you want that extra d4? Pick one. I can guide you. I can do nothing else. Oh, it's dexterity still? Then keep the advantage. You have advantage. What do you-- Like a rock hammer. Your coffee-stained artifacts. Do you want any Guidance? Is it a dex check? Okay. Then I will give you Cat's Grace at third level because my 2nd-level spells are tapped. And so are now my 3rd-level spells. Nothing more. (groan) (groans) No one has any other type of Guidance or anything? This is so stressful. So GenCon we're going to start with trying to get out of an active volcano? And I technically have one 7th-level spell, so if we want to go into the mansion and then I can Plane Shift us home, we can do that. Or wherever we want. Plane Shift and then long rest. I will be burning my 7th-level spell at the top of the day instead of at the end. Well, no. I can only Plane Shift us on this plane by basically hacking the spell because the mansion is another plane of existence. So I can't Plane Shift us on this plane. I have to plane to another plane.