Hi, everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role! Trinket's Honey Heist! Oh my god. I would like to start off by saying that this is terrifying. And that's it! So, let's get to our announcements really fast. I believe we have a sponsor, right, Sam Riegel? No, anything to delay my impending doom. Okay. Merch! Laura knows what's up, isn't that right--? Oh, Matt, you want to do merch? Pretty bomb-ass! Why does it get so weird about books? Yeah. Oh, we have a weird announcement that came up pretty fast, as of yesterday. We are married. That didn't happen that fast, though. That was very long. That was a lot, but we're married now. (Sam clinking his mug) Force Grey is coming up. I'm jumping in as of yesterday! Yeah! We need one more person! We're down a player! So I am playing a tortle named Clarapin the therrapin. Pretty stoked. Or maybe it's terrapin, I don't know. It's still new. I'm still working it out in my head. But I think we have a picture of Clarapin. There's no vetting monitor, nothing, over there. Ooh! Aah! That's good old Clarapin! She's a bard! Yeah, they totally could have. Teenage Mutant Ninja-- And moving on from that, the Critical Role podcast is up to episode 70. You can get it on Amazon Echo, Echo Dot, Echo Plus, as well as Alexa-enabled devices, as well as other-- I should've read the top of that, "Is now "available through Amazon Alexa." That was the top part of that. Vox Machina Origins is still out. We have our big Critical Role wrap-up on the 14th. Correct. And then, of course, me, Taliesin, Matt, and Liam are going to be at PAX Unplugged next Friday. Wednesday Club, still a thing. That would be great. You sang in a Blizzard promo for a new expansion. Not today, though. He is the mayor of BlizzCon. I think that's pretty much it. Last but not least, I would love to thank Joana, a.k.a. @_sleepyjane, for doing the wonderful bear art. And then I would like to give a huge shout-out to Grant Howitt, who is the writer and the producer of Honey Heist, as well as several other silly RPG one-shot games. You can get this for free. That's the amazing thing about this. He publishes all of his games for free. You can support him, which we highly recommend you do, at patreon.com/gshowitt. Yeah, and if you can join his Patreon, you get some cool stuff that you might see. So yeah. Anyway. I think, oh my god. What do you say? Like, "Without further ado"? Without further ado, let us now jump into this Trinket's Honey Heist version of Critical Role! [dramatic music] Where we last left off, didn't happen. So we'll jump right in. Oh! Should I go over rules now? Yeah, where we last left off was rules-- Before we jump in, Honey Heist is a super simple game. Everyone is a bear. The bear has a special skill. We'll see that as we go along. You will eventually be getting roles. You're trying to heist the mother lode of honey heists. So you have two stats your bear stat and your criminal stat. You start the game with three points in each of the stats. This is a d6-based game, so whenever you do anything remotely bear-related, you're going to roll your bear stat. You want to try and get the number equal to or under how many points you have in bear. Criminal is anything, basically, not related to being a bear. That's quite literally, actually, what it says, "Not to do "anything directly related to being a bear." Same thing. Equal to or under. Right? If the plan's going well, I can reward you with a point in criminal. You move a point from bear over to the stat. Conversely, if you start getting a little aggravated, or the plan starts not working out in your favor, you might move a point from criminal into bear, the more frustrated you get. If you reach six points in either stat, you either turn into an insane criminal mastermind, betray the party, and decide to bounce, or you go completely feral as a bear and can't really function being a criminal anymore, and you're out. So you don't want that to happen. Just don't jump off any cliffs is my recommendation. No. It's very cartoonish. Cartoon physics. Just don't look down if you decide to walk off a cliff. If you feel like you're starting to get a little too bear-y, you can flash back to a criminal planning sequence in order to move a point from bear into criminal. If you're feeling a little too shady, you can eat a nice little snack of honey to move a point from criminal back into bear. That's what you guys are good at. All right, I think we get started. No wookiees. Hereby ban on wookiees. This isn't the zombie apocalypse. All right. It's autumn, two years after the defeat of the Chroma Conclave, in Westruun. We're in Westruun. The air has that perfect, crisp breeze indicative of the chillier months to come. The scent of deep-fried festival foods and fermented alcohols radiates heavily from the center of the town square in the Opal and Market Wards. The distant sound of string quartets and laughing townsfolk pick up in your ear. Trinket, the immense sense recall spawns the memory in your head, and you know this is the Happy Food Festival time. This is your favorite time. But for some reason, Vex is walking you away from the festival, and toward the Bramblewood Forest! "I "know, buddy, but listen, I need you to stay here. Look, I can't have you risking sneaking away and "giving in to your temptations again." "Pike would kill me, and she's already upset at you for clearing out the Slayer's Cake "honey stash the past two times. I know. But look, I promise you, if you do this for me, buddy, I'll "come back with a whole load of festival treats! All right? All right, darling? Okay. Be good. "Don't get into any trouble. Okay? Happy bear." And she walks on down the road. You are currently on the edge of the Bramblewood Forest, up on a mountain. You can kind of see Westruun in the distance. You can see far off that the city is dressed up in autumn colors and reds, and there are wagons being pulled into the city. You recalled Vex mentioning something about the Slayer's Cake competing in a competition. Seems like they've got a lot of competitions. They are entering Keyleth and Pike's prize honey. Mm-hmm. So you know there's a lot of honey. As you turn around, you hear a few cracks of branches. There's a crowd of other bears. Seem to have been watching the whole time. There's a panda that waves. Yeah, you can speak to each other. You can kind of mumble through words to humans. Yeah, you can, kind of. He peeks out from behind Peddy Tuxpin. As you hear the music in the background press on, all you can keep thinking about, Trinket, is that massive stash of honey hiding right behind the walls of the Hazel Festival. She's pretty far gone, at this point, over the mountain. She doesn't seem to be paying any attention to you. Okay, roll a bear. You get advantage, yeah. All right, right now, there's a lot of fried foods. You know at ren faire, when that mead smell and dirt? Kind of like that. That's all you've got right now. It's a little too much right now. You begin to make your plan. Peddy, why don't you go ahead and roll a d6? This will determine your role. Peddy. Peddy Tuxpin, you're the muscle of the group. I'd say, roll a bear-off. You get advantage, Peddy. TALIESIN and Without fail, Peddy, like a sprig of bamboo, snaps all the way back. Do you feel aggravated? You agreed to it. You're fine. Not yet. Roll d6s. Do you want to still also be a muscle, or would you like to re-roll? All right. Cookie, you're the brains of the group. Waffle, you're the hacker. (laughter) Yes, write your roles down. What do you know how to do, Liam Las Vegas? You're the driver. You're going to have to pick up a ride. All right, Trinket, you're the last one. It's anything-- A five? You're a thief. Did you bring any bamboo? Mm, nah. You also like to eat anything that kind of remotely resembles bamboo. Trinket, your ears pick up in the distance "Hats! Get your hats!" He's about a hundred yards away, entering into the south entrance of the city, about to cross the threshold. All right, Liam, you-- Las Vegas. Goddamn you. Vegas, you skitter on down past, using the rocks and the fauna to dodge as you get up close behind the guy. Cookie and Waffle, were you guys--? All right. Waffle and Cookie? Flank from the sides. As you start getting up to the wall of the city, you see two guards standing at the entrance, nodding and greeting people, letting them go in as they go. You see a few banners hung up along the wall. Few flowers. Couple of guards, yeah. Couple of shields. There's maybe one or two coming in, families coming in and filtering into the city for the festival. Most people seem to be inside. Kids are currently open season, yeah. You see a mom and dad, two kids, typical looking family out for a nice day. You see another kid going along in with one of the vendors. They've got some vegetables on their back. Liam Las Vegas, as this is happening, you get up right behind. You follow in. You're about maybe five feet out from the back of Theobald the Bold, the best hat vendor in town. Theobald the Bold, is because his hat's the boldest. He's a little halfling dude with scrappy clothes, but his hat looks way overpriced in comparison to everything else. He's hunched, he's got a pull-behind wagon piled with hats. "Get your hats! Festival hats!" All right, as this is happening, you start hacking the banner. Roll for criminal. That's a double if you're a hacker. All right, you're a little tangled in them. The pendants are getting in your face a little bit. What are you doing, Cookie? The kids (terrified screaming). About this time, the dad goes, "Guards! Bears! Get help!" About this time, one of the guards looks over at the other one and goes, "Aw Glennon, we have a bear attack!" They start running after you, banging their shields against the spears going, (yelling) "Get away!" "Aw, they're those shit-flinging bears, Glennon!" (yelling) they're trying to block it. Roll for criminal. Roll for bear. I guess you are being more of a bear than the brains right now. You successfully fling shit. As the guards try to duck and cover, one gets hit right in the right eye and he's like, "Aw!" And they start jabbing at you guys with spears. They chase you off, probably a good 50 or so yards off around the corner. "I think those bears were rabid. Pretty sure, but we probably should have put them down." They slowly walk back. In this time-- how many hats? You could probably do a few darts and hide a few in this time. Roll for criminal. About this time, in the distraction-- Yeah, you got a nice, solid haul. As you're trying to go for your bonus hats, Theobald turns around and goes, "Rats! There's bears and rats! Get out!" He stomps at you. "Aw, look, he knocked over my hats." Starts scooping up the ones. Little bit. Oh, you're attacking? Roll 2d6 and roll for the lowest under bear. You have carnage. Okay! Theobald goes (yelps) and takes off running. A few more fall off and you take the extra hats.You guys all slowly get back. You reconvene. That actually went off pretty well, considering, so you guys each put a point into criminal. Waffle, Cookie, and Liam Las Vegas. Take one away from bear, put it into criminal. Everyone roll a d8! A d8 please! Three sixes. You two sixes reroll because this is the one hat that I only have one of. You roll twice, you get two hats! You'll get a fez and one more hat, so roll again. What did you roll, five? Two. What color top hat would you like? Black, green, and a leathery tan. Trinket, you get a trilby. What did you roll again, Liam Las Vegas? Which cowboy hat do you want? You get a second hat. Roll again because a six is still a fez. Roll again. What color bowler? You get to wear a hat on a hat if you want! Fez on a bowler, there you go. A fowler? You guys are feeling pretty good about your hats. That's a good code name. With that confidence, you stroll right on up. See if you can test your luck with the guards, I guess. They're like giant pendants that you put holes in, so you've got nice little ascots now. Very distinguished! Very festive! As you walk by, the one guard was like, "Aw, jeez, do I still have shit in my eye? Oh, "welcome to the Hazel Festival, sirs. Go on in. Jeez, can we go get Wet Wipes?" "Were those goliaths? Okay, let's go take a break." You successfully enter the city. Is my music going? As you get closer into the city, you can smell wonderful foods. You can see people bringing in prized vegetables and they're entering them into competitions. There's string quartets and people dancing in the streets. Mead vendors out in the open. As you get closer, you actually see a three-story-tall, really derpy-looking statue of a Westruun man with a cowboy hat, he's wearing a button down that looks a lot like the Texas state flag. He's got a shitty voice box saying, "Welcome "to the Hazel Festival! Welcome to the Hazel--" and it repeats every 30 seconds or so. Things are decorated around it. Cookie, Waffle. You notice the scent of honey wafting through the air. Peddy Tuxpin, you notice the scent of bamboo in the air. It's a little dried out and as you look down, you notice these little wooden bamboo sample spoons that have been discarded all over the floor. It tastes like it's got honey residual on it. It's scraps, but there's some little drops of honey in sample cups. All right. You guys taste some. Roll for bear. TALIESIN and Are you getting a little frustrated? Then take and put a point into bear. It's got to be lower than bear. About this time, you see an old couple run by going, "Help! Has anyone seen any cows? We "lost our prized steer!" She's like, "Gerald, I told you you should have tied them up!" As they run by, you see Pike way off in the distance. She's saying, "Anyone would like a "honey sample? Honey sample! Anybody? This is from the Slayer's Cake! Vote for the Slayer's Cake!" On the other side, you see Reginald's daughter. What was her name? Aleria? It's somewhere in my notes. But it's Reginald's daughter and she's going, "Honey samples! Try it "from the Reginald farm! Honey samples!" Still really trying to find her. Damn, I just wrote down Reginald's daughter. Ameera or something? Aleria, or Amelia? We'll call her Amelia. She looks at you a little confused and goes, "Hello?" She turns around to a friend and is like, "I'm not one to judge, but--" She shuffles away, a little uncomfortable. About this time, you see the last and third contestant in the honey competition, wandering on the opposite side of the fountain. He's going, "Yes! Vote for me! It's Victor! V "stands for voting! It's a secret recipe! Try my secret recipe!" Trinket, you get this waft in the air and you're looking at the honey, it's got this grayish tint to it. You recognize this is the same smell that comes out of Percy's boom-boom tube. A decent amount! A decent amount, people are all over the place, they're mixing in. They're going to Pike and then they're going to Victor, then they're going to Reginald's daughter, they're jumping around. "Vote for V!" "Hello there, hairy fellow! Would you like some honey?" "Oh! You like it a lot, big guy? Okay!" And he starts scooping it into the hat. "Remember, vote for me, though! The V stands-- vote for me!" Which direction are you guys going? You may certainly have honey. It's good, all things considered. It's a little smoky taste to it. Still tastes like honey, just a little sulfury. It's gritty. It's got a little bit of crunch in your teeth. Huh? You have to have a nice pawful. You've got to get a-- a sample's not going to work Once again, you might want to stockpile some honey. It's not a bad idea. You hear a carnival barker come out on the stage built temporarily on the town square. He goes, "Welcome, "everyone, the Fire Ashari cultural dance troupe!" (drumbeat) Fire spinners come out and start doing fire poi. Fire breather comes out! Over the crowd. Everyone's like, "Yeah!" They go rushing up to the stage. Drunk people are like, "Yeah, look at this little guy!" You see a roaming, free-wandering chicken that comes up and you can tell it's eating any and all trash that it comes across on the floor. As a spark of ash, a piece of flint flies off the fire dancers and falls in front of it. Chicken eats it mindlessly. (squawk) It explodes and bursts into a poof of feathers. Everyone turns, looks over in your direction. All right. You can smell that it's coming from the Opal District a little bit, a really nice tavern called the Sun Kissed Inn in that direction. You bears split off into a back alleyway and start following Cookie and Waffle. Yep, neither do I! She's real busy right now. People are dancing and they're cheering, they're eating the honey. Really stoked. Roll 2d6 under bear and take the lower. Kids immediately get snapped out of their dancing trance. Drunk people instantly sober. Everyone screams and takes off running into the other direction. You can tell a low level one person goes (groaning) and makes flame, but nothing really comes out. (yelling) She screams and runs off. That was a successful criminal action, so point from bear to criminal. You see Pike, off in the distance, start looking and moving people out of the way. "What do you mean, a bear? What did the bear look like?" She is demanding from other people that are screaming in panic right now. You've successfully wreaked havoc. You hear a few guards call out, "Those bears got in the city! Damn it, O'Donnell!" Keep moving. The rest of you bears, you sneak off, go around, heading your way towards the tavern. Peek around a corner, look left, look right. You see a discarded wheelbarrow, a few discarded carts, some trash. You veer off, you take a closer look. One's a little pull-behind cart that has shoulder straps. It'd be one of the bigger ones. There's a wheelbarrow. Looks tinier, made of wood, but you might be able to maneuver it. It looks like a little kid wagon, is basically what it is. You push on the cart a little bit. Wheel falls off and collapses. Looks like it's been there for a while. As it collapses, behind that is a shiny, chrome metallic, little black detailing racing stripes on the side-- It's like a little Radio Flyer wagon. It, in fact, does say de Rolo on it. Roll a criminal check as you're trying to be stealthy. It's bigger than a honeypot. It's a Radio Flyer, it's a little wagon! Yeah. Success? You shift some things aside. You hear a rustle from the house. Don't move for a second. "George! George!" "Goddamn my piece of shit husband." She wanders off. You can continue. (squeaking) Liam Las Vegas comes back. You're all stealthing, keep moving down the alleyways. You're eating the trash along the way. There's a few foliage and trees that look bamboo-y. There's a few cattail rods and fronds that are not too bad. Not yet. Actually, about this time, as you guys come around the corner you run, coming down the alleyway, right into Trinket. Out of one of the side alleys, as you guys are having this conversation, you hear (clopping). See that, I'm fucking Dee Bradley Baker up in here. Yeah, I did! I didn't plan those, I didn't practice those ahead of time. It's not too bad. Totally! You see two silhouettes coming out of the shadows, also wearing hats. One has horns coming out of it. Two cows, also trying to pass as civilians, come up to you and go, "Well, well, "well! What do we have here? It looks like we got ourselves a couple of wise bears!" They're holding a stick like it's a tommy gun, but it's definitely a stick. "Look, wise guy. I'm a prize cow. Do you know who we are? We're the blue ribbon winners "here at the Hazel Festival. Yeah, that's right. And you know what? Me, oh, this here is Bonnie." She goes, "Hi! You tell them, Cow!" He goes, "That's Bonnie and I'm Cow. We're tired of living like second-class livestock, you hear?" They're holding sticks. Like tommy guns. It's balanced. It's tucked up under. "Oh, do we? Do we like grass? Are you going to start telling me about myself now? Look "at these guys, Bonnie." "Yeah, you tell them, Cow!" "Yeah!" "All right, you know what? You bears, you get to enjoy your honey. You get to enjoy all "these fruits and all these bamboos. And we get stuck with hay. And I'm just here to say we're tired of "it! Aren't we, Bonnie?" "Yeah!" "Is that a threat? Is that supposed to be some sort of hamburger threat? I get it! I'm a "cow, I've heard them all! All right. You want to throw down? That honey's ours. All right, let's "throw down!" He did! They look pretty good. They look like some pretty tasty-looking sticks. They're still green. He dropped it on the floor. As you bite down on the stick-- --you realize there's actually something a little bit different about this stick. It has a shimmer to it, it's not as easy to bite through. You realize this is actually a magic stick. Yeah! You can certainly try. It's a stick that, when you use it, it turns into a giant whacking trunk. Yeah. No. Wait, what? Oh, I gave you the wrong one! That's what you needed. You now have it. Bonnie and Cow go, "Moo!" and start trying to stampede you all. What do you do? Roll for criminal. Roll for being a cow hacker. You're cow hacking. He doesn't fall for it. He tramples right over you. You get knocked prone on the ground. You get aggravated and take a point in bear. All right! Do fastball special, land on top of him, get a nice little foam going in the mouth. It's good. Roll 2d6. You start tearing at the throat of Cow. Poor Cow didn't know what was coming to him. Scruff is getting-- He goes down pretty good. Bonnie turns and goes, "What?! No! You monsters!" and she turns and goes for you, Trinket. Roll for terrify. She goes, "You'll pay for this." She grabs Cow and starts trying to drag him off. It's going to take time. It's pretty sad, actually. Just the one stick. There is another stick. It is just a stick, though. Okay. I'd say you get a point in bear for that. You did some pretty good bear stuff this go-round. You would move a point into criminal, and you would also move a point into criminal because your plan succeeded. You actually do recognize this branding. This is from the old couple that Vox Machina saved their bears from being eaten from rocs. MATT and Their cows, yeah. What did I say? Oh, sorry. Cows. The same old couple that you saw earlier, running through looking for their lost cows. Okay, you use the stick, and as you rear it back, it turns into a giant tree trunk, basically, that comes toppling down right on her head. Roll for criminal. Wait, no. Bear. Okay. (impact) A little blood splatters-- She had a tree fall on her. And then after a second, it goes back to a stick. You peek down the alleyway a little bit. People are still pretty cleared out of the town square from where everyone was looking for a giant bear that's now running loose in the town. You see a few knocked-over jars of the sample honey. It would be risky, but there's some honey not too far. Roll for criminal. You scoop up as many as you can. Move a point from criminal to bear, and I'd say you can probably bear-handle two more jars of honey, awkwardly. Sure. Move a point. Does anyone else want to eat anything? You good? Yeah, I'd say you've still got a pretty good scent on it. You hear a few guards in the distance, shouting. It's kind of inaudible. "Clear!" Seems people are definitely looking. All right. What about you, Waffle? Flashback! (flashback noises) You can get a point in criminal back. Just him. I'd say, if you want to switch a point, since you were part of that, go ahead. From bear to criminal. And it actually gives you a pretty good idea, Waffle. Since the town is kind of empty right now, you walk by a little news stand that has tobacco and hand-rolled cigarettes. Okay. Okay. I'll allow it to just happen. Just because of the ridiculousness. It's an obnoxiously large flame for what you're trying to do, but-- Go ahead and put another point into criminal from bear. It's pretty good. It feels pretty good. You guys keep moving, doing pretty good. As you come around a corner, down an alleyway, you see a little kerfuffle going on and you see two bigger kids just sucker-punching on this little kid and they're taking honey samples and smearing it in his hand. A lot of it, it's Victor just smearing it into his hair. You hear the kid screaming, "Hey! Hey! Stop it! Stop it, you guys! "Seriously, my dad's going to kick your butt!" He was like, (sneering) "Ah!" Turns around. "Shit, you guys! Hey Jordan. Jordan, look, it's a ferret! Let's capture him!" The kids start trying to capture you. Roll for carnage. Go ahead, roll for bear plus one. Oh shit. (laughs) The kid grabs you successfully. The other kid turns, sees you. He's like, "Oh "shit! Shit, Jordan, it's those bears!" And starts taking the wooden play sword that he got at the festival and just starts beating you with it. Take a point in bear. Also take a point in bear. As the kid's holding you and you're just (struggling sounds). How are you going to hack that sword? You're really pushing that hacker thing, aren't you? You know, once again, I'll allow it based on the shitty English language. Two dice, under bear. Okay. The sword breaks in half. He's like, "Oh, shit, it's the other bear!" "What? I feel like--" "George, what's he trying to say?" As he's distracted-- Oh, the other kid that was being bullied comes up with his prop sword and he goes (whack) and comes down right over the top of the first kid who is holding you. He turns to the second kid. They're like, "Aw, shit, man. Come on, let's get out of here!" And they take off. "Ugh! You just scraped my knee!" (crying) "Mum!" As you flick the cigarette, you see one of Victor's sample cups go-- --(ignition sounds). It goes (sparking sound), like a bottle rocket. He's got this cowlick-- he's sore and he's like-- "Wow. You know, I really feel like you guys are trying to talk to me. This is great! You "guys saved me! Oh, I got saved by bears! No one's going to believe me." "That's right, fuzzy bear. Hey, are you guys-- you guys want some honey?" "I know where there's a lot of honey." "Okay. See, my dad is the head of security." "He's the head of-- so he knows where all the honey is hiding and he told me that there's a "code and he made me collect a bunch of fish for it and it wasn't very fun. But there's a secret code! "I can tell it. I can show you where my dad is!" "It's so cool having bear friends! Okay, if you go around the corner and go up there, right "next to the Sun Kissed Inn. My mum likes drinking there a lot. If you go over, next to the Sun Kissed "Inn, there's an alley behind it and there's a door that goes up to the side, and that's where "the head of security is." "Okay. Have fun. Bye!" And he runs off. (giggling) "Mum!" And he runs off. If you would like to. Flashback. (flashback sounds) And you're back. Go ahead and put a point from bear into criminal. Well, you can always eat the honey. And then you also take a point from bear into criminal. Okay. Now you can move that point back. You've got a jar and a half. I'd say yeah, three more. It's close. That sounds accurate. And with that, we will take a break. As always, stay tuned for the wonderful Brian Foster's codeword so you can win some shit. I don't know what you're going to win, but you're going to win some shit. And we're going to take a break and we'll be right back, I guess. Welcome back... to Trinket and Peddy Tuxpin's Honey Heist. We have a winner for Brian's wood, which is HawkWinter01. MATT and Yeah. Sounds like a Marvel character. Sponsored by Marvel Puzzle Quest. Got to catch them all. And then you, Sam, quick catch-up announcement? We've got some pretty awesome people who are going to be on it. You can donate to Oxfam to help them out. No. All right. Criminal bear posse. You're right back in. Your cloaks, your ascots, your hats. Your pull-behind de Rolo Roller. Not doing too bad. And a cart. Roll for bear? (laughter) You successfully pee on wheels. Much better. You are leaving a bit of tracks, but it dries in a while. It's good. All right, you guys keep moving, ducking down alleyways, turning and looking like bears and people as you need to. At one point, in the distance, you hear "Oh no! We found the Jamesons' "lost cows. Hey, can we get a really big wagon?" That happens in the background. It has people distracted for a little bit, it seems. You keep moving. As you come around the corner, you see, across one of the main thoroughfares, the Sun Kissed Inn. Looks pretty fancy. Looks nice. You're in the Opal Ward right now. It's got a nice glow coming up over the logo. You're getting some pretty strong wafts right through the front door of the Sun Kissed Tavern, for sure. Yeah. Roll for hacker. Roll for criminal. It's under criminal. All right. You get a good sniff, a good waft. It's a little musty. A little bit of fresh laundry, dryer sheets. You go over and see rat droppings down one side. I'm painting a picture here! You go through, and the smell comes from this dank air passageway over in the corner, but your scent leads you in another direction, and it jettisons to the left, and it goes up to the right, and you see up in this attic loft a security room. And that's all you can see, and it snaps you back into reality. I'll take beast master. You've got a main thoroughfare in front of you. Off to your left, you've got the town center, where you guys were harassing and terrifying people. There's a nice fountain in the middle of it. Fall foliage in the water of the fountain. Still pretty rough-looking from where there was a mass clearing out of people from the bear attack, according to the guards. And then off the main road, there's the Sun Kissed Inn. It's a nice white building; looks like it's been pretty well-kept. On the bottom floor, there's a tavern. On the upstairs, there's a little inn you can stay at, a little bed-and-breakfast. It's got nice white columns. A little swinging wood sign says Sun Kissed Tavern, with a sun rising up over top of the title. When you keep looking down the main road, you see another alley-- no, wait. It's this way. You see an alley that jettisons off to the left of the tavern that looks in the direction that his hacker sense was taking him. You've got a catty-corner dart. A little dizzy. It wears off in a second. You can see the entrance from where you are in this alley. This alley, main street, another alley across the street and down that way. You can see the entrance of the alley, but you can't see down it. Maybe. You've got to make it to the alley. Everyone roll for criminal to stealthily cross the street without being seen. Okay. Yeah, I was going for a Matt Mercer skill challenge, where half had to do good. Don't worry about it. Yeah, half succeeded. Yeah. You're an uneven number. I'll allow it. Anyway, you guys crossed the street, and now you're in the alleyway. At the end of it, you see a black nondescript iron door. It's a little open. Brick. Brick building. Do you want to peek in? There's a little stoop. Yes. There is some piping. Yeah, you could make a tree. There's some piping, and it goes up. There's a little window that doesn't seem to have much of a purchase, and then there is a balcony on the front of the tavern that looks like it leads to some suites. Okay. So as you bears are hiding in the alley, you take this pipe and climb up it. Roll for bear. Bear climbing. You get halfway up the pipe, and it's too slippery, and you lose purchase, and you go (sliding noise) and slide all the way back down. Okay, so you were not feeling too bad about falling off the post, and then these assholes started making fun of you, and now you're getting a little irritated. Put a point in bear from criminal. Move a point from criminal to bear. You kill that last jar-- the first half jar of honey-- to calm down a little bit. All right, Peddy. Roll for criminal. Nice! It goes, and you get a big trunk. Lopsided, and it crashes into the balcony a little bit, but it gets there and then gets a little tree growth at the end. It's not bad. An oak. A silver maple. Brown. No, this looks like-- Okay. You start gnawing at the base of the tree. As you're climbing, Peddy can't help himself. You get up to the top of the balcony. You scurry up the tree, peek in the first window. Empty suite, nicely made hotel bed. No. Pretty empty. No honey samples. There is another window up further from it on the balcony. Out. Yeah, it's cracked. You peek up carefully, after these guys yelled at you, and as you peek up, you see a room. It looks like it's a hotel suite that's been taken over temporarily for the Hazel Festival. It's covered in black curtains. There's a little sliver of curtain that you're peeking through. Inside, you see square scrying mirrors lined up along the wall. Papers, a writing desk, and a man in a security uniform-- Westruun colors, of course-- walking back and forth, pacing. Looks like he's talking over an earpiece. Surprised that hadn't happened sooner. Las Vegas, you see him look over his shoulder, and he frustratedly goes, "Get on out of here. Go away! I'm busy." And he goes back and starts looking back into the mirrors, occasionally being like, "Any sign of them? Anyone find those goddamn bears?" "Ugh. Goddamn it." You see him leave the room. Trinket, you start hearing-- Okay. He goes, "All right, all right!" He throws open the door. "What, goddamn it?" "You guys, I think the bears are rabid, and I think they're trying to talk to me. "I think I've got one right here. I'll be goddamned." Okay. The poor guy gets flanked. From behind the open door, he gets slammed with an iron door to the face as a panda bear comes out from the other side, and right as he sees this big black-and-white face come around the corner, Liam Las Vegas comes from behind and gets him in the back, in the nape of the neck. Roll for bear. You get carnal advantage. Okay. He's distracted by you. I don't think you understood the term "dollars," and you waved dopily, and he is now grabbing onto your scruff, fighting, and he slams the back of his head into the wall, beating you up a little bit. Take a point in bear. A point from criminal to bear. Hack the ear? Okay. All right, roll for criminal. Sure. Ear hacking. Okay. The guy is thrashing around too much. As you go to reach for his ear, he immediately sucker-punches you in the jaw. Take a point into bear. Liam, you hear-- Liam Las Vegas, you hear, since you're right up on his neck, you hear over the earpiece, very faintly "Hey, boss? Okay, we're heading your way, boss. Boss, come in." "Boss?" You hear, "Boss Buford? I mean no offense, but have you been drinking again?" Buford slams you up against the wall again. What are the rest of you all doing? Okay, roll for terrify with advantage under your bear stat. He goes, "All right. Just... I'll let you go." "Did you just say 'where?' Holy shit." "All right. Look, it's down there. Go through the Sun Kissed Inn. "Go into the cellar room. There's a door. You've got to get on the other side of it. "Look, just-- here." And he pulls out of his back pocket. "I fucking hate this job, anyway. It's a piece of shit. Go get the honey, all right?" He looks at the badger, and he goes, "Here." He doesn't know what you're doing, so in another attempt, pulls out a honey sample from his pocket and goes, "Here!" And he throws it behind your shoulder to get you to run away. How are you going to lock it? It's pretty smooth on the outside. Seems like most of the locking handles are from the other side. You did summon a giant tree trunk. As you're holding the door, you hear, (thudding) "Hey, come on!" from the other side. Okay, roll two because you're the muscle. As the door swings back open, he's met with a giant panda bear head. He gets whacked in the head and falls unconscious immediately. Sure. You don't find any. You do find an old biscuit. Looks like he put it in his pocket from this morning. It's a little style. A little stale. Not style. It's a little stale. It's an everything biscuit, like an everything bagel, but an everything biscuit. Well, the Sun Kissed Inn, the entrance is out and through the front door. It's not. This appears to be separate, leading up. You open the door. You look behind the guy unconscious on the floor. Are you going to do anything with his body? He does have keys on his body, yes. You can take those keys. Yeah, okay. This is literally just a stairwell entrance. It's very thin, clearly there for service and bringing in stock. It's a narrow little room. There seems to be a cupboard under the stairs, if you want to stash him there. There's a thin stairwell that goes up and opens up into a loft area. There's one door that looks like it was suite #1 and another door that looks like it was suite #2, where this was. As you guys enter in, you open the room. You see four screens. They're all scrying mirrors. A few notes, a few papers, binoculars. A few bottles of mead. Looks like Buford was having a good time. It is honey mead. You do. I would say you put a point back into bear from criminal. You are a little tipsy, though, for a little bit. I don't know how terrifying you might be for a little bit. Wow. Holy shit. That definitely qualifies as a flashback to being a criminal. Get a point back from bear to criminal. You're good. They are. You look at one of them. The first one is the town square. The second one looks like the entrance to the tavern. You see a few people passed out drunk at tables and a lot of action going on. The other two, there's codes in the corner. It says S-C-R-Y-C-A-M-S-L-R-1. Wait, C-L-R-1 and C-L-R-2. It's not important. (laughter) There's town square, tavern, cellar room one, cellar room two. That's all you need. That's what's blinking in the corner of each of these cameras. Mirrors. Scrying mirrors. All right, try to hack the mirrors. You want to throw them on a loop? That's pretty good. All right, hacker bear. Roll for hacking. Sure. As you're hacking, you get a waft of air from one of the vents off to the side, and it brings you back to the pipes in the tunnels, and in your cracked-out state, you somehow connect to the mainframe, and it takes you through, and you see the tavern, and you see two people passed out drunk, and you go through into the first room, and you see a few tripwires that seem to be strung out across the long hallway, and then you go into the last room, and you see three pedestals, with a bunch of honey stacked onto these pedestals. It's very dimly lit, but you recognize the shape of fucking honey barrels. You go back, and you see Matrix code go in front of you, and lights fly by. You see a bunch of worker bees in a hex pattern that looks code-y. It's a little green, a little black, like DOS. The rest of you see Waffle get a little nosebleed. As you snap back, you look, and you saw one guard walk by in the town square entrance. About 30 seconds, same guard walks by. It seems, through whatever magic that you have tapped into, you have been a little touched by the security cam. Security hacking. You have to be able to see the honey. He comes back, and Waffle's got a little gloss to his eyes. A little bit of a green glow crosses them. That's good, because right as you walk out onto the balcony, you see that guard who was walking through that you captured on your loop start walking around, going, "Hey, boss? Boss, you here?" He's walking under the balcony, looking like he's going to go around that alleyway, up to that door. Roll for criminal aim, as you try to time pushing Peddy Tuxpin. You accurately, with great precision, teabag this poor guard and fall right on top of him. He's not dead; he's definitely unconscious, though. He quite literally does not know what hit him. (giggles) You quickly and as swiftly as you can-- for a group of bears-- climb down the tree and dart and make your way into the front room. You get the Flyer, get it in. You are now into the front tavern bar room of the Sun Kissed Inn. Bear? I guess? I don't know. You miss, and it goes and lands on the roof of the storage room next door. It's not the most immediately visible thing. You all are in the front room of the tavern. It's the late afternoon. There's no one in the tavern, anyway, especially now. There's one really old guy passed out in the front right-hand corner. Seems like he's been there probably since last night. You hear a commotion and clanking of pots and pans of chefs and workers in the back, in the kitchen, getting things ready for the evening, anticipating it will probably be a busy day in the Hazel Festival. Yeah. There is honey in there. It is drowned out by the smell of a stockroom of honey that is coming from the back left-hand corner of the tavern, which is the entrance to the pantry into the cellar. Guarding that front initial doorway into the pantry, which leads into the bottom cellar, is, with a pint in his hand, a passed-out Grog. Grog. The Herd. Technically of the Emon Strongjaws? Trinket recognizes him immediately. There's the bar, there's a door that goes into the pantry, and then there's a little booth and bar tables right off to the left of the door. Looks like he was placed there, probably told to watch out for people coming in and out of the pantry, and proceeded to drink a lot and pass out instead. He's in a little chair, propped up at a bar table right to the left of the entrance, snoring loudly. No what? Cards? Oh! I don't, either! Sure. As you peek out, there's a few abandoned vegetable carts. People that were there to sell their goods and their wares for the festival. There's one that looks like it was a pull-behind churro cart. And there is one cart that still has a horse attached to it that looks like at this point, he's eating all of the vegetables that are completely unattended right now, due to the pandemonium. Okay. How would you like to do that? Yeah. You totally look like a young Jason Charles Miller. Okay. You see the same guard that was walking by is currently pounding on the door. You can hear him. On the door that you guys came from that led up to the security room. You can hear him going, "Chief? Boss man? Hello?" The guy? He's far enough away. He's not paying any attention to you right now. He's trying to get in, yeah. That's fucking awesome. Roll for carnage. You get advantage. Without any hesitation, he doesn't even know what came. A theatrical amount of blood sprays on the door in front, and he slowly drops, smears down against the wall. He's dead. He's definitely dead. Roll for criminal. You get a point from bear into criminal, for sure. You know those stockrooms, how you have an open half-door? You can see that there's a walk-in pantry, and through the walk-in pantry, there's a little cellar door. Wooden. It's got a circular dowel rod across it. No, but you know it's through that door. You can also smell a little bit of honey coming from the pantry room, as well. Not a lot. You can go over and take a little bit of time, get some leftover vegetables, and lead the horse, pulling the cart. These guys are figuring this out while you're doing that. Yeah, there's a few, and there's a couple of empty pint glasses on Grog's table. (snores) "Yes, I am the Grand Poobah." You want to wake him up? Okay, you throw a cup. (crash, snorts) "That's my ale." About this time, Waffle gets another little nosebleed. Roll for it. You see Waffle go, (sparking) and in a hex techy-looking glow, he goes, (zap) and teleports to the broken honey. In the pantry. You go (boop) and squeeze out a little turd. As you get a little aggravated, you take a point in bear. It's got a thick dowel rod across it, and it's got a chain on top of that, wrapping it up for extra security. Yeah, make a stealthy... Let's make this a criminal roll. You're criminally trying to sneak past Grog. Yeah. I'll allow it. He does actually appear to be wearing some sunglasses. Yeah. It seems a little odd. They look like they were maybe festival glasses. They're half hanging off his face right now. Okay, roll a criminal check. As you get the glasses off his face, he goes, "Oh shit. It's a fuzzy goliath!" And gets up. (roars) He growls back. SAM and "You want to wrestle?" He's drunk, and he takes a big swing at you. Okay, roll a muscle roll. Roll with advantage. You successfully wrestle Grog. He's pretty drunk. He's not too hard to get to the ground. He's now on his back, squirming. "Yes, I am Grand Poobah de Boink de Boink!" "You Poobah, too?" "Oh, brother!" (fake sobbing) Try to pick the lock. Pretty good. I'd say by this point, you open the door to see Peddy on top of another guy that looks kind of like a panda, and you're not sure if it's bad or good. If you tell a flashback, you get to gain a point into criminal. Countless hours, you have practiced in the middle of the night, just trying to learn how to pick a lock. Prove to us, Trinket, that you can. (clang) The whole thing snaps from the inside, because you're a bear, but it successfully goes (creak). About this time, Grog goes, "Poobah, I missed you so--" (snores) and passes back out. All right. You do get an interesting essence from the sunglasses. You look awesome. You see a bar, you see a tavern, and then right as you look past the cellar holy shit, you can see past that cellar door! You see tripwires! You turn and look over your shoulder outside, out through the tavern exit, and you see a dwarf-sized woman turn and swing open the door of the tavern. "Hey! I see you." "I can see you, and I can understand what you're saying." "I can hear you. I can't--" "That's not-- okay, what are you all doing, all right?" "Where did you-- wait a second." You do. This is Tova, the werebear. "Okay. All right, big guy. All right." This is the first time that you're seeing her. She's wearing a nice slick suit. It's very good. It's very clean-cut. Looks like she's got a nice festive pin. No, it's a nice wool. It's good. "You look good, too, Trinket. What do you think you're doing?" "I heard rumor that there's a bunch of bears running around. "Of course it's Vex's dumb bear." "Well, look. What kind of trouble are you getting into? You guys are going for the honey." "Do I want-- (laughs) All right. You all clearly don't know who you're talking to "and who you're getting involved with." "All right, look! I am part of a super-secret society that is dedicated "to protecting bears all across Tal'Dorei. One of the most decorated members. "It's called the High Bear Nation, all right?" It's not bad, right? "We take honey and other fruits and vegetables, steal them from people who don't really need them, "and make sure that bear families across all of Tal'Dorei are taken care of "and never go without honey. "Every year, this stupid Hazel Festival that they always make me work security for, I decided "I'm going to take all this leftover food that all these people always end up with "I'm going to take it for High Bear Nation. Give it to the bears who truly need it." "No, look. These are needy people, and the High Bear Nation takes care of all of us, "all right? I will get plenty of honey out of this." "You all put in work for this? I don't think you guys understand. I was part of "the planning committee to make sure that the security was all right. "So here's the deal, since you all seem to have gotten pretty far. The whole town's out looking "for you; I can easily call one of the guards, turn you all in right now. Or you help me out. "I could use extra hands to carry out some of this honey. "You'll get your own little cut, and you'll all become members of the High Bear Nation." "Enough to last you for a while. I know how much honey is in there." "That's not how--" "A good hogshead's worth for each of you. How's that sound?" "All right." You get to put a point back into criminal for that. From bear to criminal. "Yeah? You an honest bear?" "No." "You look like a honey badger." "Here's the deal we're going to go through these doors. There's going to be three "tripwires. That's what they're called tripwires. There's also going to be a security cam in here. "We want to be careful. They're watching us." "Wow, that's pretty impressive. All right, you guys are pretty good criminal bears. "All right, these tripwires, though. Anyone good at disarming? Yeah, we'll figure it out when we "get in. Let's go." You throw open the door and see a long hallway. Three haphazardly across the hall tripwires. They're long, cylindrical, glowing a bit green. You take a little bit of dust, Liam Las Vegas, and they show up a little bit better, then they go back to their dull, transparent look, like fishing wire. You can certainly try. I tried to think up bear puns for all of our sayings, and I couldn't find any natural ones. Nice. Okay, you go up to the first one, and you see an energy box off to the side. It's got a washer keeping it closed. You tilt that to the side, see the mechanical mechanism on the inside. (pop) You got through tripwire one. Two more to go. (sizzling) (weak sizzling) You can try and hack it. All right, roll two. It's got a little box. You go in. Instead of messing with the mechanical trip wire, you see almost a microchip on the inside. You touch it, and it goes (zap). One more. All right. You and you take points in criminal. Tova's like, "All right. Good work." You get down to the other end of the hall. You get to the other end of the hall, unharmed by a swarm of bees. That's what would have happened if you would've tripped them. You get to the other end of the hall, and there's a hex-shaped door that's closed in front, and right off to the right of it is a large pedestal made out of bluish marble, and there's a recess in the middle of this pedestal, making a bowl. There are also four little baskets on either side. No. "Okay. Yeah, sure." "I already know what it is. I helped them to design it. I just don't know the actual code "they ended up going with. Here, look." She goes over to it, and she passes her hand over it, and it goes (buzzing) and starts glowing, and then holographic fish appear in the center of it. You will. Yeah. Yeah, I help him sound it out. As you say this, Tova puts her hand over again. (electronic song in Korean) Wait! Someone has to wear the bear hands, because I made them get them, so it's even funnier. One at a time. You've got to have the bear hands. Yay! I got it from South Korea. No. No guards. He looped the footage. He did pretty good. Oh! No, he's out! Okay, as you start getting irritated, you get a point in bear, Liam Las Vegas. Come on, Liam Las Vegas. It's got to be orange. Oh, the doors behind? Take a point in bear. And with that, the hex-shaped doors open up. And behind the doors-- big mystery. Where's the mystery? Mysterious. Yeah, that's good. Behind the door, you see a dimly lit cellar room. A waft of cool air blasts by you. You see a few bar tables that have been tossed over; clearly left in here for storage. A few bags of grain. And in the middle, on discarded bar tables-- there are three tables. The first one has a little note that says "Slayer's Cake." It's got a nice couple of small half-barrels of honey. The second one says "Reginald's daughter." Whatever her name is. Has a note. I think it was. Something like that. Ariana? Whatever. Third one. In scribbled red lettering, says "Victor." And there's so much honey in actual boar heads that's oozing out. Some's dripping off the side of the table, and then you follow the drip down and see more hogs' heads, goat heads. You see a bear head. Pretty much looks like any type of head he could find, he got it and put gray, ichor-y, sulfuric-smelling honey. You see four torch sconces on the walls, lightly puttering. You follow, and you see, holy shit! Victor brought way too much fucking honey, and the entire edge of the cellar room is filled with weird heads of honey. Precarious. Nope, it looks like torch sconces that they dipped in kerosene. A long-burning torch; they probably lit them when they were bringing in the honey, and then walked out. There is one that's right over the table of Victor's that looks like it's a miracle it hasn't honestly exploded yet. Tova is. She sees the same thing. She's a little confused as to why you're acting this way. "What?" "Why? Why would you-- who would do that?" She walks over, takes a little. "Okay, let's go!" And she starts scooping up honey and throwing them into the Radio Flyer. De Rolo Roller. Okay. Are you still wearing the sunglasses, Peddy? You get a little bit of an advantage, because at this time, you look up, and you see through the roof of the cellar very quick, shadowed movement. Put a point back into bear. She goes, "Smooth." About this time, (thud) and through the floorboards from above, they splinter, and from the other side, and two bears in black gis and ninja masks fall through. Liam, you look over your shoulder. Las Vegas. And around the corner are two more bears coming in through the hall that you all just entered, too. Tova looks up, she sees them, and she goes, "Shit, it's the Bearracuda!" Yes, there's one on the left closest to the door. Fractured and got knocked over by one of the splintering floorboards and is now swinging above all of the honey. Okay, roll for bear. Unfortunately, as you try to stamp it out with the board, the other floorboard catches on fire, and now you have two flame sources. As you try to roll it out, you have two bear ninjas swiping above you. What do you do? Okay, use your nimble bear abilities as a honey badger. Straight bear roll. Yeah. Okay, one of them gets a good slap on you. Bounce off the wall. You get aggravated. Point into bear. Okay, roll with advantage. You take the first one, and you sandwich him with your weight up against the wall. He's trying to fight you off. Okay, roll for criminal to use the stick. Okay. Unfortunately, as you're sandwiched up against him when you try to use it, you don't really get good leverage, so you go (bop) with a dead stick. It doesn't really work. It's still forcing against you. Tova reaches in the back of her suit, and she pulls out a little throwing hammer. Throws it. Let me roll for Tova. Tries and succeeds. Hits the first ninja; it gets a little distracted. What are you guys doing? You've got the ninjas kind of warded off. Two more coming in from where they were after Liam Las Vegas. Yeah, they're not too distracted with you. Okay, roll again. Okay, yeah. Roll for bear. SAM and Unfortunately, as you-- You back up, and as you back up, you bump into the table of Victor's honey, and it goes (crash) and spills flammable honey all across the floor. The other two Bearracudas come in, squaring off. Okay. Roll for bear attack. All right, you take one of them. Two big haymaker swipes. They try to block with their bear katanas and miss, and he gets two big gashes right across his face. He's a little disoriented. You've got one more that's in there. He's pretty unattended. Roll for bear. No? You try to get a nice overhand, but it slips a little bit, and you have this weird, spiraling arc of flammable honey that goes everywhere. You do hit one of the ninjas with a decent amount of honey. Gets a little disoriented. Backs into one of the torch "sconches." Sconces. Lights on fire. (yelping) He backs up, trips, blinded by the fire, falls onto the ground. The fire starts following the spilled honey, and then suddenly, everyone time slows down. Tova sees what happens. She turns to everyone and goes, "Run!" and takes off through the door. Waffle is gone. You see the fire getting closer and closer. Oh shit! There are. One is now released free. One is on fire. The other is distracted by your scratching, and there was one that Tova was squaring off. She got pulled through the door. Okay, roll for bear attack. Also roll for your muscle strength, so you get advantage. Oh no! You knock over the last remaining free Bearracuda. He falls right into the flaming honey, immediately bursts into flames-- way more than probably would actually happen. You scootch back. Roll to avoid the flame. You do take a point into criminal for what you just did. As you back up, Peddy you see trying to bolt for the door, grabs Tova, throws her right back into you. You guys boing. So now it's you and Tova. You're out. Yeah? A hundred percent. You all have a good solid four to five more seconds of slo-mo time. (whoosh) Peddy's out! Tova's like, "What the fuck?" Okay, roll for bear. You guys trip. Trinket, as you push, you turn, and you see (flame noises). And in slow motion, (explosions). You make one more bounding leap as the explosion blows you out of the cellar door. You are jettisoned with the cellar door. An exploding round of fire comes barreling down the hall, burning all of the oxygen-- that's how fire works-- in the room as it blasts out of the door. Everyone is safe, but there is no Trinket. Flames die down. You look in the hallway, and there, a little singed, flaming fur, with some bald spots, is Trinket. Still alive. You're unconscious. The ninjas all seem to be dead. Roll for... Yeah. Roll for BPR. Roll for bear. Yeah, you got it. You're good. It's a really odd-looking sight. No one's sure what exactly is happening. Trinket, you do wake up. About this time, Liam Las Vegas, you see all the guards running up the alley, coming in this direction. The Sun Kissed Tavern is up in flames right now. You see another bald panda bear stumble out. "Oh shit." It's Grog. Wakes up from everything. What are you guys doing? Tova runs over. She jumps into the back of the cart. "Come on!" Trinket, you're the only one. Are you on? With a crack of the whips, you all speed off down into an empty alleyway. Tova yells, "Trinket! I'll remember this. You are a great High Bear." (moans) The horse and buggy pulls off, a few rogue cabbages and vegetables falling off the end. "It's all right. It happens a lot. Yeah. Y'all are all right. I'll talk to the High Bear "committee and make sure you guys don't have any heat on your tails after this." "I've seen enough of the world. I think I'm ready for a little honey vacation." As you all ride off into the sunset, away from Westruun, Trinket, you're back in the flaming Sun Kissed Tavern. A bunch of guards run in, Vex and Pike among them. Vex immediately sees you. "Oh, my darling bear. Oh no! What happened?" She turns and looks at Grog. "Grog." "Oh, buddy. Here, I got you those treats. Did you save the day? Did you? "Are you a good bear? Oh. Grog!" And that is where we will end tonight's game. (cheering) That was terrifying! Oh my god. Good work, bears. I don't think we fucked up canon too much. That's all right, right? Tova's alive. I hope Noelle is okay with me doing this. I meant to text her and email her about it, and I kept forgetting, so sorry, Tova. Yeah, for anyone who wants to play this. If you watched this and were like, "holy shit, now "I want to play Honey Heist," it's free to download. You can download it off his website, which I believe is granthowitt.com. Yeah, it is a two-page rulebook. One page for everyone, and one page for the DM. And there is a super-secret spells list, if you are a Patreon backer. You guys were actually supposed to find a trenchcoat at some point and get that. Yeah, it's two bears in a trenchcoat. On his Patreon, yeah. It should be spammed in the chat right now patreon.com/gshowitt, I believe. But yeah, there's a whole other optional-- you can roll to have cantrips and things like that as an added dimension. That you can get on Amazon Prime! Yeah. (laughs) (electronic song in Korean) I tried to come up with a million codes and gave up, so that's how that letter came out. And I guess we'll see all of you guys at PAX. Thank you all so much. Next week is Sam's one-shot. We will see you all soon. Is it Thursday yet?