It's going to be good. It's a good episode. I knew that this day would come. Are we being followed? That didn't count. That's good! 21. Like a thousand. I hear you. You collected wax seals? You still have those? That's cool, actually. Oh, that's not-- I went somewhere else. Yeah, married! Yeah! Nott, I know this place is-- This place is quiet, but do you actually know if there a waterfall upstream a little bit, or a brook? Something with some noise that might drown out anyone who's listening. Further off the beaten path. We walk upstream, maybe? Any babbling brooks? Which is, I think, where all those soldiers were going. Yeah, you definitely puked all over that apothecary, so it's clear that something's not right. What is dunamis? Let's find a patch of woods to hide in. Does old Edith know your current form? She just thinks you're not dead. Nott, you drowned. You drowned, and you just spent three months underwater. That's incredible. I don't know if you realize that, but-- Loops into Caduceus' social worker plan, actually. Do you think Bryce would be down for more responsibility and obligations? Yeah, that's true. Plus, Alfield is near the border and the gates. Shorter journey out. Then we try to find Yeza? Is it one word? Pleasehelp! You're cutting out and I can't-- Leaving. Are you listening, to where you can contribute? Hey, Jester. Since we're going to try and be honest with each other and turn a new leaf-- Well, in a way. I didn't sleep with Dairon. She wasn't my roommate. She was my teacher. I don't know why I told you that. Yeah. No, I didn't sleep with her at all. I totally made that up. Yeah. Thanks. How to kick ass and take names, bitch. Yeah, I don't know. I guess it's easier to pretend like you don't care. Yeah. I'm a little transparent sometimes. Thank you. I mean, don't get me wrong. I'd totally tap that, but-- You got this, man. Ew. Mister Fancypants? For the record, Nott, I don't think it's us that's been rubbing off on you. I think it's you that's been rubbing off on us. Do you care about us? You've told us several times how you've been using us. The dunamis? I'm curious as to how much was for the Empire and how much the Empire was a veil for his own personal exploits. Trent Ikithon was looking at Yasha. He was side-eyeing Yasha. I feel like I've heard these words before, when we were in that bar. He looks for prodigies, people with innate talent. I don't think it matters-- The Cerberus Assembly actually has a pretty heavy hold on Rexxentrum. I'd be willing to lay money on it. Nott. Sorry, you were going to say something. All right, I was going to ask you a question. I don't think you know the answer, Well, if he's talking about Vess DeRogna-- It sounds like they've been here watching your husband for quite some time, which means checking in on your son. It feels like-- it is a piece of dunamis, right? Yeah, and this thing that we had was called "the beacon." Right, okay. The people that we saw fighting, having the DC fight in the air, full on anime battle-- did we recognize the-- because I know they were wizards that were fighting the crick assassins that were coming in. Do we recognise the clothing and appearance of the Archmage and Lady Vess? Is it the same people? But the same robes? Caleb, you were in the library of the Cobalt Soul when you stumbled upon dunamis for the for the first time. What were you looking for when you found it? What were you trying to find? You still haven't answered my previous question of how you were using us and what that means to you. Her guns are bigger than mine. Okay. Was that a compliment? Okay. That's what I was going to say. Do you think that Fjord was using us? You think that Nott's been using us? You know, we're also here volunteering our help. Caleb, you were right when you said earlier that it's too late now. That we're involved. But I don't think we see it in the same way that you do. It's too late now because, whether you like it or not, we all care about you and are invested in, you know, your happiness, I guess? So... Don't run. You can say you don't believe in anything, and that's fine. Believe in us, just a little bit? I'm sorry for not hearing you yesterday. Honestly, you saying that you don't believe in anything kind of put everything into perspective about that conversation. I heard that you were doubting me and us, and our friendship. One last time! Yeah. Yeah, I have. Caduceus is a wild mom? So many wine spritzers. Close. I'm going to button up and go full Cobalt colors. Complicated? Is that what you said? Poppy seeds? Chamomile? Black-eyed Susans? I mean, it's essence of flower and bee puke. It's a miracle. Well, it's more of a-- it's fine. I have this red feather from Nila. She was also a firbolg. Well. Yeah, that's fair. Would Nott know of a general physician, a doctor? Someone? Local doctor. It said in those papers about them being sick from the-- the town complaining about sluggishness. I want to find Demi Leric. (knocking) Hi, yes. I'm Beauregard of the Cobalt Soul. I've been sent here from Zadash. If you have a few minutes, I would love to ask you a few questions. We're taking statements from people, trying to figure out some incongruencies that might have been happening over the past few months. Did you ever notice any increased amount of patients feeling sick, sluggish, anything off?. Not the most recent two weeks, burnt-in-a-fire-type of off. Before then. Wave of nausea? Anything else? What makes you think that they were related, as opposed to general food poisoning? What was strange about them? Did they all happen to live in a similar area of town? All in a cluster. Sorry, just taking notes, just want to make sure I get everything correct. Okay. Anything else that seems like it might spark your memory of being a little bit odd? Mm-hmm. Did you know a man by the name of Yeza? Did he come in around that time with the batch of people who were feeling nauseous? It was all one day? Do you mind if I talk to a few of your patients for a second? If you think of anything, if you remember anything-- I don't have a card, but I'm staying-- I'll be in town. I might be back. Thank you, miss. Okay, I'm going to go over to one of the guards. Is the one who's semi-conscious conscious enough to speak? I go up and slap one of his wounds. 'Sup? Name's Beau. With the Cobalt Soul. Yeah. What's your name? Good to meet you, Jeff. You patrol the cluster normally? You look pretty badly burned, obviously. I give him a little bit of my wine from my wine pouch. Sorry. Sorry, Demi, sorry. Jeff, I was curious if you happened to know what happened to Yeza Ber-de-ger-de-ger--? Brenatto, or if you were around when the apothecary burned. Oh. Really? The cricks got him? Did you see which direction they ran? You're sure it was the cricks? Okay. Did you see anything else? You were the one who got Luke out? All right. Anything else you remember, anything spark in your mind trying to figure this shit out? I know that's vague. Did you feel like they were looking for something in particular? Were they targeting places? Okay. Well, look; you did a good thing, all right, man? You saved a kid. My friend's kid. I don't really care about the kid, but it was my friend's kid, so... here. I pull out 20 gold, throw it on the table. You can split that up with your friends, or if you want to keep it, I don't really give a fuck. Yep! Bye! Then I run away. Oh my god, it's big! It's coming from the depths. Just potential dicks. Are we meeting back up? All right, meet back up. I kick down the door and I go Apparently he was taken by cricks! Then I fill them in. Apparently he was taken by Kryn! I talked to some soldier boy named Jeff. I know, right? His parents must not have loved him. He said four Kryn came in, scooped up your husband, and ran off. Yeah, he was there. He ran in and he saved your son. So much nature poop. I feel like we shouldn't try and assassinate the head of the Cerberus Assembly; not right now, maybe. We just made an alliance, sort of, with Yussa. We could also go back to Zadash. Are you talking about the thundery one that's real loud? It won't collapse the tunnel on our heads when you do it, will it? (singing) Roll the dice! All right. TRAVIS and Guys. Hot take. The Kryn aren't the bad guys. I mean, aside from the mind-altering magic that we've already mentioned, all of us can change our appearance. Maybe what you're talking about, about them coming in and using the crick, maybe that's what they did. Maybe they did your exact suggestion first, and they disguised themselves to look like the Kryn and came in. I don't know. SAM and Rexxentrum. Yeah. Doesn't feel like too many places on the map are off limits. Speaking of, when I was talking to the doctor, Demi, she said she had a few instances over the last month or so where people were coming in feeling nauseous, feeling not like themselves in a grouped amount of time. All from the cluster. You want to head towards Xhorhas, is what you're saying. That's the thing. You're talking about poking that thing? The dodecahedron? No! Caleb-- sorry, Caduceus. Freudian slip. You said the life force was being sucked away from your grave, from your home. You said also to look for answers, though, right? They left first? You have any idea which direction they were heading? You can speak to the Wildmother. You've checked in on a few of our friends. Do you ever check in on them, see what the Wildmother tells you? I do. It's a great name. Geoff with a "G" or Jeff with a "J"? Yeah, sure. Jester, you okay? What's wrong? I mean, nice is boring after a while. We can get to nice. Right? Eh. I'm sure there's some beachfront property open in Nicodranas. Maybe, if we work really hard and pool our funds, we can retire. You didn't get turned into all the things that you're afraid you are. It's not how this shit works. Do you want us to still call you Nott? Nott and Caleb it is. The Mighty Nein. Made of seven people. Works great. Nope. (whispering) Was the chair made by Geoff? (whispering) Something Dranas. Ghor Dranas. I am. Yeah, I know. What's Yasha up to? 19. Would I know anything about that? What was it that those letters were saying was under Ghor Dranas? Or they were looking for things? I oddly feel more comfortable going to Ghor Dranas than I do going to Rexxentrum. I agree with what one of you said. Mm-hmm. That once we get there, we're fucking nobodies. What are we going to do? How long have you two been married? Yes. (stuttering) Happy anniversary. Right? That's what people say, right? Congratulations? He's a little worse for wear, but he said he had a few friends that fared out okay that are still around. I could ask him for a recommendation. Yeah, don't show up as his dad and ship him away. It doesn't work out well, I promise. Geoffman and Geoffrey. Geoff's friends. Is it okay that I recorded our conversation? Go back to Demi's place, Demi Lovato-- not Demi Lovato. MATT and I look over Demi's shoulder. What is she looking at? What is she reading? Oh, hey. Didn't mean to interrupt. This feels sensual in some ways. Tusk Love? No? Anyway-- Hey, Jeff, your friends-- I promise I won't touch you. Your friends that you said were helping you, that fared out better than you did? Are they a little over their job? You think they might want to take a little walk-about? Do you know of any freelance people? Mercenaries, friends who are semi-trustworthy? I need an escort to take a couple of people down to Alfield. Okay, can you-- Yeah? Does that mean the taxpayers pay for it and we don't have to? Is there a matter of state security? Oh. That's what I would say. All right, cool. Where do I find them? I try and-- let me-- You don't have to guide me, you could just tell me-- All right. Here, you want a piggyback ride? All right. You want a walking stick? I got my staff. It's got a bow, yeah. It still has a bow. Beau. Nott! How much are we paying? What's the average running cost for an escort? I'll give you 80, 40 apiece. You can split it between the two of you. Extra five gold, make sure you actually give a fuck about this job. Am I? Yeah. Fuck yeah, man. Seriously, don't fuck this up. I will fucking kill you if you fuck it up. Okay, you got to be at Old Edith's place tonight with a cart. Maybe bring some sleeping bags, some extra food. There's a kid. Old Edith-- Yeah, and Luke, the kid. To Bryce, in Alfield. What'd you say?! You're just cooing! It's just atmosphere. Give me my fucking staff! I do flick him in one of his burns, though, again, just because. You're a good guy, Jeff. It's how I show affection. Then I walk off. (stammering) You do it as well. Can I also, just for blanket statement, I take my gold and I parcel it out and put it in different pockets, ever since Hupperdook. I was just going to say, is this a Liefeld comic? Sure. I will Liefeld float to the nearest general store and pick up a few extra pockets. Mm-hmm. What kind of pockets you got? Do you have one of those where it goes around your neck, but tucks in on the inside of your shirt? I'll get one of those and I get one of the money belts. Does anybody else want a money belt? (shouting) Stocking up on money belts! Money belts! Honestly, I thought that it was just going to be a little quick thing and he was going to be like, "For brevity's sake," like he does, but he didn't. I just want pockets. Sure. Done. Okay, let's go. (singing) Secret tunnel. Cobalt Soul. Beauregard. Been taking notes. From Zadash. Yeah, it's called this belt and these vestiges on my fucking body. 15. You said intimidation, right? It's like being at the DMV. Liam Las Vegas is having a weird day. You can just-- I think if you go to the top and search "CR 8." So majestic. So proud. Gil! He fucked you. I wonder where this underwater system goes. It's like a stream? Oh, we're not there yet. We haven't seen anything yet. Okay, never mind. Keep it away from Fjord. We left it in Nicodranas. Feels like there's always things to hide from. I don't know. Okay. Did you all get a honeymoon? On the way back great road trip. With seven of your other best friends. Especially in the spring. (laughing) Tourist trap! HP, HP, HP! A d8, I think. What'd you roll? Plus your constitution modifier. Six! Free vending machine in the lobby, then I vote for you. No, I'm not. No, I'm not doing that. I'm just saying, and I-- Nope.