He said two words! Oh my god. Yes, own it, yes. Fjord. Is this like one of those, like a parfait? What's it called? No, not that one, when you talk with other people who know how to sail. That one. Oh, parfaits are bad? Ooh, oh! Caleb gave me his Frumpkin. Frumpkin-- [laughter] Frumpkin, go spy on the ship. [laughter] I go over and I smack Yasha's ass. Is that-- Wait, that's what you said, right? No, nope. The wind lass. Oh, I don't know how to sail, so. That's all. Oh yas, queen. Ah ha! [laughter] Hey Caleb. I took Frumpkin and I threw him overboard to go spy on things. If you do that thing where you get all hazy, we might see shit. Don't do it right now! Wait till we're on the-- yeah. Your bird's spying on pirates. Okay. Sorry, when he means successful, he means unsuccessful. ... I'm... Tracy. [laughter, cheering] That's good. She's great. Yes. Say yes, Fjord. Say yes. Can I look around real quick and see if I see Frumpkin? Sleeves are so big. Shit. I think that was an eight? This is not a good dice for this lighting. 11. I lost another fucking owl, goddamn it. How far would that rummaging entail? Just curious how far you would look. Yeah, yeah. I second that question. Well, I want to figure out if she's just another matchmaker or keeping it for herself if that is a thing. Aw, we forgot Marius! We're not leaving though, we're not leaving anywhere. They're going to fix that ship. Well, okay, but still, why would we run if we don't know what this thing is inside of you? I'm assuming you want it out of you, right? So we just need information and then we run? Shit, we're supposed to learn from these people? Are there like portcullis windows? Is that-- no? Are there windows? Does she have papers and shit everywhere? While they're having a conversation, I want to do a scan and see if I can see any floorboards that look like they can be popped up, maybe marks on the floor from chests, anything that looks like it could be a secret compartment. Yep, that's balls, big balls. Fjord-size balls. Eight. Don't fall for it, don't fall for it. She's trying to use them titties. Don't fall for it. Secret island. That's what I heard, too. Yeah, you can get your crew in bulk. That was a triple-aged Gouda! Gate of the leviathan? Oh, the great leviathan! It's a fucking leviathan! Wait, what tattoo was it? You're Uk'otoa? You're the chosen of Uk'o-- sorry. The sound-- You have some secret tattoos that we haven't seen yet? We're stage whispering. Avantika. Hold on, let's take advantage of this. Is there anything else we need to talk about? No, no, no. Avantika. How can you be certain that you're the only chosen one of Uk'otoa? Do you see why we did that? Do you often wake up vomiting salt water? Do you have wet dreams? [laughter and cheering] Also, we're not just some dumbass crew we hired. We totally murdered all of your guys, so. [cheering] Jamedi, is that Cosko? Is Jumanji--? He makes a note every time. Come on. Is he saying that like we're supposed to be doing something? Yeah, white noise. That means everyone heard Beau and Keg bone, is what you're saying. [cheering] It's a good night. No shame. No regrets. You know, there were several eyes in that ouroboros. I wonder if that's how many other chosen ones there are. Yeah, that shit ain't dreams, man. I don't know, he's told us all that before. Yeah, I think so. Well look, I mean, Jester gets visited by the Traveler. Yasha, has thunder-- She has dreams and visions, maybe you guys are just special or whatever the fuck they tell people. [laughter] Right. Well, no it's like a serpent. I mean, look. Avantika seems like she's had this gift and these visions for quite some time. Maybe you could learn something about yourself. Talk to her a little bit. Hell yeah, man. LAURA and Yasha, you look trepidatious. I disagree. Yeah, we did say we were going to get better at that. Chick ah, chick ah. That's good. You are a walking hazard right now. No, look, I'm not shaming you for that. I'm just saying maybe we should put the black powder in the haversack. Woo! You got this. (owl hooting) Wait, which sword, what do you mean "sword"?! Goddamn it. Oh my god. Details. M'lady. That was fucking awesome. [cheering] We weren't listening to anything at all, we know everything. Can you please fill in the details? So eyeball, hand, you showed her yours. Was she, I don't know, did she say anything else about-- Yeah and they're all keys to the temple? Also, Nott said that there's like a fuck ton of gunpowder under the ship, so. If she has a sphere and can talk to the serpent gods, I'm assuming she has some sort of magical powers, like you have magical powers. She has cool robes and is wearing an amulet; that just screams magic. The flirt talk? I mean, he also had that all-seeing eye on his back, right? I mean, eyeballs. We all have two. There's a lot of eyeballs around. Just saying things have eyes. Just trying to be skeptical. Yeah. Deuce has a point, there's got to be a goal at the end of all those powers, right? Did she say anything else about what she wants? Jessie, are you all right? You've just had this like really angry face in the corner for a little bit. No, it looks like the third pencil you've broken so I just wanted to-- Just curious. Fourth. That's a good question. Let's get some rest. Moses shit. You're drenched in sweat. Just throwing that out there. Real soggy. I'm not going to say anything. Let's go. No, we didn't. Look, as someone who still doesn't have any type of dreams, whatever's going on, it's not normal, I just want to point that out. Look, we can know, just like I know about your shit, we can know about Fjord's shit, and we can just keep that on the down low, right? I'm interested in knowing about people's shit, not exposing it. One eye open. Oh, and you think you do? You the authority on knowing what other people want? Yeah. Me neither. [laughter] We've heard Fjord speak with a lot of different accents. He clearly had some sort of fucking dream. We know that. He'll tell us when he wants to tell us, all right? Well, if you've explored it, why don't you tell us what's necessary to bring? Okay, well, then go on. What? Hmm! Is this not ringing a bell for any of y'all's? Snake people, temples, the naga. We already fought them. Done this once before. Think that's where we got the little sphere thing that went in Fjord's thing, had a little circle with like a pool in it and you could see shit? All right, but hear me out. Because we fought those people in the swamp, they were the merrow people, right? Maybe they're still worshiping the same type of serpentine deity. A lot of different people takes a lot of different types. That's what I just said. Yeah! That's what I was totally going for. Thank you.