They did a creepy animation for a promo that's during the break. I've been doing this a while. It might be the weirdest thing I've produced. It's frickin weird. Yeah, whole thing's bizarre. Nope, just all honeys. All the ladies. Laura, of course, some old friends Mary Elizabeth and Noelle Stevenson Some classics, yeah. As well as the lovely Dani Carr that we all know and love. The lovely Brittany Walloch from All Work No Play fame. Who else am I missing, huh? Oh and Krystina Arielle from Sirens of the Realms. Full house. Yes, I am! It's so nice! Look at the little rattle mace! (whispers) Uk'otoa. Her crew? And we're headed there. She fell down the stairs, you guys. I catch up to her a little bit. Hey, Avantika. Weird question. How much do you know-- How do you know how to give a certain amount to Avantika? Sorry, the Plank King. Freudian slip. It's very intense. So it's less like a government and more of a union that you buy into? Like a union with a dictator? "Hmm. Do you ever think you could make a good union leader?" Huh. No. Who needs aspirations? I would love for you to tell me about it someday. Deal. Might as well go to the pub. First drink's on her. (knowing laugh) Do it! I'm the worst influence. I'm going to say do it. Yes! What's Avantika doing? Pirates! Is that Blues Traveler? Go to Trader Sam's. Caduceus, how much is salt worth to you? Like on a scale of money to nothing? Sure. He's Bruce Wayne! Caduceus Wayne. Caduce Wayne! Sorry, excuse me, sorry. So Avantika. What's next for The Squalleater? What? What did she say? Haven't heard-- didn't expect this-- what? I immediately grab my purse and hold onto it. The thing I imagine most adventurers have. A little coin satchel. No, not a Dolce & Gabbana, no. Not a Kate Spade. No, there was a discussion. It's coming. Yeah, or Sophie. It's always a Sophie. If there's not 12 people that pop out behind this curtain, I'm going to be disappointed. Her lantern light. Yeah, I heard something about a ring, and treasure in her eyes. 48 hours. Ooh, night walk? Oh, I forgot. Good night. It feels pretty public. I need to pee. Anyone know where the bathroom is? I was already on it, I respond back in Halfling. Mm-hmm. Jester? Do you have a pen and paper I could borrow? Sorry, got caught in a language loop. Do you have any pencil and paper, or pen and ink? Just like a scrap, thank you. I scribble, "Meet in the alley" on the piece of paper. Is there an alley? I'm assuming there's an alley behind this. "Meet in the back alley." To be specific. Will you go with me to the ladies' room so we can powder our noses together? Let's go powder. As I walk out, I shake Alice's hand, say Nice to meet you. And palm her the piece of paper that's folded very tightly. Give her a wink and walk off. I go-- and I walk out. She'll read it, right? Let's go around to the side of the building. We are a hundred percent going to take a shit in the alley. I go towards the back "alley". I show Nott where to take a shit. I wait either for the rest of my friends or for Alice to eventually read the damn thing-- Allison. It works half of the time. It's super awesome. I just want to figure out what her beef is with Avantika. Maybe she can be our key-- Yeah! We can get information from her first. We don't have to necessarily always give information upfront to get information and we can always lie. I am. Yeah. I feel like that's slightly underhanded. I don't break eye contact. SAM and All right. (sneezes) MATT and I'm sorry. Or just saving your life. Nott, will you stand guard now, because now I have to take a shit. It's been that long. Two more minutes. Okay, what was your question? All right, let's go. Night walk! Night hike. I've got 50 gold on that. (whispering) Mermaids. Night hike. We're all here. Don't worry about it. We're looking for fresh air. Gauge it as it comes? It is. We should get a wig for the Judge like the Plank King has. Yeah. TRAVIS and Just throwing it out there. Yeah, who's watching? This is the Revelry? She's kind of like a Tiffany. That makes it clear. We call it the-- The Apricot. Wait, is the Apricot this, or is the Apricot the tiny Tiffany Ship? It's this, okay. Holy shit! I'm keeping an eye open for every suspicious-looking asshole. It feels like a farmer's market. It feels like certain people sell things whenever they got them. Okay. Do you have a powerpoint? Mm-hmm. Well, I think it's less about getting off this island without Tiffany and more about getting to that shipwreck first, before her. Bitch. Well, she's not currently at her ship. I'm assuming a lot of her valuable information is locked away in her captain's quarters somewhere on Tiffany's ship. If we can get the information to the next apricot tree, then do we need Tiffany anymore? How far? That's a lot of feet. So many feet. Look, if I've learned anything about important people, it's that they can't resist putting shit down on paper. I guarantee you, there's something in her office. Do we have credentials? Do we have like, badges? Like beep-beep? Oh, can you? No, I want to get something. Tusktooth? So many nicknames. Personally, I feel more comfortable with Honda controlling the supply of apricots than Tiffany. The tree we just came from or the tree that we're going to? Fuck asking Tiffany any questions. We break into Breakfast at Tiffany's and get the information that we need. Eyy, this is my specialty. No comment. I plead the fifth. I think to get in, yeah. Also, you said there was a balcony right? Was there a door to the balcony? Do you think that would be locked? Or to Avantika. I mean Tiffany? Fuck! We were doing so well. Who's here?! Do we need to have Honda distract Tiffany? Can we not do this right now while she's theoretically sleeping? That's true, he could be accountable. For sure busy. We could have this guy with Frumpkin making sure that they're busy, if you're comfortable with that. You don't have a lot of a choice. This is my forte, man. Okay. But if I'm with the queen, then what does it matter? Tiffany. I could take the-- that's a good point. Fuck. How are you going to get off the boat? What are me and Cad doing? Cad, can you go with Honda? You have to be nearby. Can we? How about this Caleb and Caduceus and Fjord, you're one team. You have Frumpkin watch Fjord, you give me the word when it's good to go, I'll deliver that to Nott and Jessie, they go-- I'll give you the signal, you guys go, I'll be nearby, I'll distract any guards if need be with my feminine wiles, and then you let me know if there's any emergency-- Then I will have no means to communicate with anybody else, but you will. Actually, that's a good point. How far away is the Bloated Cup from the boat? Oh, that's amazing. Cool. Perfect. Good. It might be our downfall, but it's great. Okay, so I'll try and be within eyeshot of the Bloated Cup, within eyeshot of you. Oh, he's been in my--- Sorry I don't-- To get out. Here, I slip Caduceus a few of those firecrackers that I have. How long will that take? Break! This is either the best plan or the worst plan. It's a great plan. I turn my cloak inside-out to the inconspicuous side, and case towards the docks, and start casing the area for Revelry that are guarding the area, or potentially, a good place for them to do the thing. 13. Do I see anything that looks like it could be a potentially good area for them to cast a spell without being noticed? Okay. I block around as to not look like it's going the same way that I just came from and catch back up with these two. With the detectives. All right, there's two guards casing the dock and two of Avantika's-- Tiffany's people on the ship. It looks pretty open, we might want to find an alternative for you guys to not be noticed as you do the crazy magic thing. It's super open, two guards guarding the dock and two people on the deck of Tiffany's ship. To then bamf over? Our quarters in the-- Okay. You guys are going to have to talk to guards and convince yourself on the way in and you will be noticed. We're talking about two different things here. There are two guards guarding the docks, there are two people on the ship of Avantika's bo-- of Tiffany's boat. On the de-- You get what I'm saying? The deck of the ship. Of the boat. If you all want to just walk on to your quarters, you will have two guards and two of our crew members who will see you walk on. We hide somewhere and we're never seen at all and you'll bamf in. Unless you disguise yourself as Tiffany now. Then I would say we find a hidden place, potentially in our private quarters in the Bloated Cup, that you bamf into. He said it was within 300. I will be nearby, near the docks. Signal if you need me. Good. Yeah, for the deception. Someone do that. Before they leave and we all go our respective ways, I go All right, listen. Rich people love to have safes, but they love to hide stuff in the walls of safes, like false bottoms in drawers. Stuff like that. False backs to safes. So even if you get in, and you think you find everything, double- and triple-check, all right? They love to write shit down, I'm telling you it's there. Thanks. Was she not complimenting me? Just go steal from rich people. Can't hear from the blood pumping in his ears? I'm on my way towards the docks. Yas, queen, yas. You're staying in between. I'm heading a little bit further. The daisy chain. So you guys, to Beau, to Caleb, to Cad, to Fjord. I can hear you. I have responded to this message. Fuck. Yes. I signal to Caleb that they've made it on the ship. What? What would investigation have been? But you're a badass rogue! Come on! Oh my god, you're lucky! No, I'm daisy chaining to it, I give you a signal. No, me! We already went through this. The daisy chain. I wander like a drunkard past Caleb and I go Oh, so distracting. Like I need distractions. While he is being a creepo, I go over to the two guards on the dock. This drunk piece of shit over here, he tried to attack me. So, guy who was left, that guy is an asshole, and what's with that guy that just got stabbed? I feel very unsafe. No, I'm just saying-- He tried to, I think, rob me? I thought, as a pirate, that I had immunity to that? I don't know, I'm just trying-- Actually, technically, I'm new. Great to meet you. Sure! Let's go! You're fucking welcome. Go, go, go, go, go! Why did I get arrested? You shot me! I say Sup, Waynen? I'm with Avantika's crew. You can ask her if you want, but I don't think you really want to. Pretty sure she's above your pay grade, am I right? Great fucking intimidation. Nine. That's right. Oh, I'm sorry. Are you afraid I'm going to stub a toe in the middle of the night? Beau never does. I just go Oh fuck. I just keep walking like I don't know who they are and I pass by them with a glance. Fuck you. (laughter) Not to the boat! Never to the boat! You saw a lot of shit go down at the boat! Sup, guys. How was your night walk? Shh. Who's around? Who's really drunk, though? Is there someone real drunk? Is anyone real drunk? Look real drunk in the tavern? That was part of our crew. Part of the Squalleater. Jesus. That's a natural one. Oh, sorry. It's a four. Ten? Oh. What's-his-name. I sit down next to Waldok with another drink and hand him a drink. Holy shit, man. I am so sorry we couldn't have been there to protect you from these attackers. Who's the other guy's name? I'm sorry we couldn't have been there to protect you from Zoen. What a dick. I mean, we were here all night fucking trashed, so-- If we had only been there. 15? Could've been better. We were drunk. Here. We kind of stagger a bit, though. Look for invisible peoples in the room. Fucking fuck! Seven. I look over his shoulder. I know Deep Speech. Oh. That's pretty awesome. She is a bitch. Oh, shit. (gasp) Yes, yes it could! It's got the apricot tree! Nah. Holy shit. You got a book! But you still get a book! You still get a book, though! That's what I was saying! Mmm-hmm. Between apples and peaches. I agree with that. Yeah. We don't need to take that to the Plank King if Caleb knows the language. Why? She could ford anything that we want-- Forge. She could forge-- We have her signature, let's forge it. I probably would have. Yeah. So by the way, I got tapped on the shoulder by the Plank King. He's looking for dirt on Avantika. I know. Totally mind-blowing. I know you had no clue. I don't think we need to do that. I think we just drop it in the Plank King's-- I think we copy the contents of the book. That's what I'm saying, we copy the contents of the book. Sure, as long as you think it'll last there. I will say, the Plank King offered me some good cash to rat out Avantika. He was literally asking for a snitch. Now-- No. Nothing about any of these people is honest. I know what to sign. Just write it up, and I'll sign it. I'll simply sign it with How much? To go with the package. Mm-hmm. Unless we want zero implications-- We need the Mist. No, no, no. He's saying we send a cipher and a translated page with the entire book. So that they can then take the time with their smart people to translate the rest of the book. No, he knows the cipher. Correct. They'll be able to tell, unless we do Jester's hint, where we Mend a few pages and get rid of some ink. So let's just do that, and the rest of the plan stays the same. Break! It'll wake us up. So who's guarding Caleb? SAM and Yeah. That's good. What's that? Where is that? (knocking continues) Okay, what are we going to do? Can we send Frumpkin now with the package? Just send him now, out the window. Go! Go. Go, go, go. Send it with the book. Gee, I wonder. Oh my god. Where's the Mistake? I'm dying. I've never felt more in trouble. (gasp) Holy shit. The gauntlet has been thrown! Not next week! Eyy. LAURA Ho-ly dang. I should have kept those jewels! But we got the information we needed! Info is golden. Well the day after Thanksgiving on Friday is Honey Heist 3 Tova's Honeys. On Friday, watch us as bears? Stealing honey instead of very invaluable books and jewels? It felt like getting called into the principal's office. You're like, "Fuck."