Don't let Travis lie to you; he's got a half-er. Pub Draw! Spoilers, he doesn't know yet. That's such strong feelings. I think I just got his name as Wharfmaster. Male dwarf, matted beard, thick gold hoops. And I brush my hair. I grab one of Avantika's coats, rip the sleeves off of them, put it on. My kind of woman. I'll go to the blacksmith with the guys. What's your name, by the way? Dreef? Beau. Yeah. Like a staff. Yeah, I do, actually. Do you sell staffs? I know. Are you all really just making this connection? Really? Pull out my bo staff. I put it away and I smack Fjord in the face as I put my staff back. Your lip's bleeding. Thanks. Yeah, it's a little poofy. Yeah. That's a good one, man, I had good aim on that. (whispering) So tragic. Sam attempted to have a dad moment, and it failed. It's a very unhealthy relationship with pink. Yes, beat me to it. Yes. It would have been so cool. Yeah, it would've. Just, you know, as a historical landmark. The Tide Peak? Like a dick. What happens in the cold? It's just a Player's Handbook. What class do you play? We've got a little bit of time. We still don't know how to get into this tower. Maybe we could do a little bit more research before the night is out before dinner time? Ask questions? I don't know. I'll chip in for one, 60 gold. Yeah, let's buy them out. Two hours. The Wayfarer's Cove-- The Open Quay. What do you mean? It's not there anymore? Did we do that? I don't know. Yeah, could you get stuck? No doors, nothing. I get this feeling that this is all a forced perspective thing, like an illusion. What if we get in there and it's actually just a shack? Maybe he's an enthusiast of tiny homes. Compensating. I don't know. Just a theory. I mean, what do we want out of this, right? Yeah, but then what? To immediately be arrested and thrown out of Nicodranas? No, there definitely is. It's called breaking and entering. There is a rule about that. What's it sound like? (sound of running feet) Walking casual. Hello. With Yussa. Yussa Errenis. It would be really fantastic to talk to him. Yes. Or at least if you can inform us how to make an appointment. Maybe it's his assistant. Listen. I'm sure you've heard about the war that's happening in the Empire? We have reason to believe that people with magical interests might be threatened in this time of war and having heard that "Ooh-sah" might be a man magical prowess, we thought that he might have some information or at least we could hand off our fair warning? What was your name? Tomorrow morning. Yeah, it turns out you could just knock. We talked to a little goblin accountant dude. Made an appointment for tomorrow morning, but not really an appointment, an off-the-books appointment. Toss it like SeaWorld! Sorry, it shouldn't have come out of my mouth. It's inherently untrustworthy. Yeah, honestly it was the path of least resistance that surprised me as well. I'm used to things being difficult. Maybe I just make things difficult. Maybe I'm having a moment of self-realization. Anyway. We have a ton of magical secrets. LAURA and We have the Happy Fun Time Ball. We witnessed an attack on another wizard's tower in Zadash. I wasn't lying when I said magic people might be under attack. I know! I don't think we have to offer the dodecahedron, either. We have our eyewitness accounts of-- Don't get me wrong. Caleb is very smart. I know we all know that-- But you guys have noticed he's not necessarily the best talker, right? Well, you can justify anything. I feel like we're bonding. Why have you never told me this before? You should have led with that. Is that bad? Dope. Yeah, appointment in the morning, he said come back in the morning. We told him it was an emergency, so we still have to go forward with that. For you. But what is going to be an emergency for a man that's not threatened by the things that you're threatened by? Is no one into talking about the tower getting attacked in Zadash? We could just make nice conversation and ask for a book. Oh god, I'm starting to sound like Caduceus! Look, at the end of the day, this guy has access, right? Making him our ally in some way could come in useful, even in ways we might not be aware yet. She's so poignant when she speaks. Well, this guy is anti-Clovis Concord, so, I don't know. I don't think he's-- I have a feeling this guy is a bit of a rogue agent in terms of-- Right? Because the Clovis Concord-- Sorry, a little repeat of the Concord? They're like the government for Menagerie. Like an oligarchy? They're anti this guy because he's outside of their-- I just wrote down "the chagrin of the Clovis Concord," so I'm assuming that's what she said. Jester. It's an emergency. Earl Grey! Natural one. We don't have Earl Grey. From Zadash, from the Empire. Eliminate your enemies! Maybe he'll see us looking at it. I look up at Yussa. Is he watching? I go in! Before we went in, I wanted to-- can I bring Frumpkin? Yep, Frumpkin. Give me Frumpkin. Do you not want to see in this? Fuck it, I'll leave. He won't give me his damn cat. Sure. I deeply-- You have a morning routine? Oh that's impressive-- Sorry! Deeply apologize for interrupting. We're from Zadash. We are a hired mercenary group here to deliver very specific information, from Zadash, about an attack that happened on the Zauber Spire. Well, it is a joint effort between the Hall of Erudition and the Cobalt Soul. A lot of people are banding together now that war is on the home front. So unlikely alliances are happening all across the continent. Just a friendly passing off of information. Of course, if you would like to discuss alliances... Yes, I guess just a friendly passing of information and that maybe you would like to exchange information in return, if you might know anything. Fantastic, thank you. Uh... (laughter) Well, as we mentioned, the Xhorhasian army has breached into the empire. We witnessed an attack from crick assassins on the tower. Sorry. He wasn't with us at the time, but the rest of us did witness an attack and encountered the Xhorhasian ourselves. Correct. I see you've heard. Beyond that we've recently heard that the Xhorhasians have reached Felderwin. Our group has been on the ocean, in search for further information on behalf of the Empire. You're not wrong. We got word halfway through, in a jungle, that a lesser god that likes to go by the name of Uk'otoa might have some sway in everything that's going on. I don't think so. I think he's on the verge of returning, and I think there might be followers and patrons who might be aiding that cause. We have reason to believe that maybe some Xhorhasian spies and soldiers might be worshipers of Uk'otoa. We've received a vision, through mystical means that I do not feel comfortable sharing, of a potential location for where Uk'otoa is captured. A jungle landscape somewhere on the continent. You wouldn't happen to have any ideas would you? Okay. Beyond that-- We found a thing. (aside) Which thing should I tell him about? It was presented to us as the Happy Fun Time Ball. Stumbled upon us through a little girl. I think she thought it was a toy. Seems like everyone is getting butterfingers with their magical items or magical folk. Do you not find it concerning that the Savalierwood is on the borderlines of the Xhorhasian Empire? Mm-hmm. Yeah, I actually knew that. I'm sure you have very keen eyes and you saw the artifact that I was looking at before I entered into this tower? It appears to be a magical geometric orb that has the ability to bend elements of time and space and fate. I've seen into it. We mentioned we were not your ordinary folk. So, as you can see, things happen to fall into our lap. We need allies. As you mentioned, we have very powerful artifacts that we're not very sure about. But our options are turning them over to the empire, which doesn't seem attractive. Depends. Depends on who's offering at the time. Correct. I know. I tend to like fellow trustworthy people, even though I'm not necessarily trustworthy myself, but, ironically, I fucking hate untrustworthy people. So, if you're down, I'm down, is what I'm saying. No! I didn't say I didn't have loyalty. I said I had loyalty to these people. Of course, and I have a few slots open in my loyalty bank, so if you're willing to pay the price of rental-- Yeah. We all know corruption runs rampant in both the Empire and the Clovis Concord. I don't want anything to do with that. I just want the truth. This is not my fucking best. I'm better at lying! That's not too bad! 18. Did I? Yeah, sure. The Mighty Nein. Beauregard. How about a non-monetary exchange? Do you have any type of scrolls or spell books-- Or candy that you could lend to Caleb's aid, further advancing his ability to learn that? As traveling mercenaries, we're used to being in danger. (quietly) It does. Zadash. After the Spire attack. Either it was in the Tri-Spire and they successfully exited with it, or the Xhorhasian were trafficking it. That's what we believe. Yussa, do you know of the Empire, the Clovis Concord, stealing artifacts from other shores? We haven't showed-- Oh, bourbon. It sounds really good! It's like a Red Lobster biscuit. Some places call them lobster rolls. How'd it go? How'd it go? Was it made of marble? Thank you. I could barely speak; I could barely get words out. See, access! That's what I said earlier! He's smart. You met a rockstar and you look like you want to barf. Access. The international sign for entrance, for let me in. Thank you. It started out as a half-truth. We got there without exposing anything too deeply. He might think we work for the Empire. Oh no, not like that. Thought about it, though. Worst case scenario, flash a guy, see what happens. I did tell him-- wait, I did tell him about-- how'd you know that, Jester?! Am I talking about my slots too much? Fuck. Yeah. Good with me. Caleb. I didn't lie to him. Not really, anyway, so, believe what you want. And I walk away. If we go through Alfield, we can check in on our old contact. Bryce! Is Bryce in Alfield? They're in Alfield, right? Sorry. Oh, no... Yeah, no. We-- Yeah. I forgot about this. We've done this before. The way you did in Zadash? Okay, okay. Yeah. Field? Is that what we were looking for? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Costa... rosta? Nine! Do we have anything bad? And one of these nights, I talk to Jester. You have that spell that you can talk to people? Send them messages very far away? How far away? That's awesome. I do. Could you do one of those for me? To somebody? Is that a thing you can do? Her name is Dairon. She was a... roommate at the Cobalt Soul. She taught me a lot of really great things. I just want to make sure she's okay because she got sent to the war front on the Xhorhasian Coast. Yeah. I think she's fine. She was just there to check it out. When we were still in Zadash. Last time that I was there, I talked to her and she was leaving, and then went back and she hadn't come back yet, so it's been a few months. She's got a shaved head, and she wears dark-colored clothes. She's got super buff muscles-- 'Cause she's been working out. You know, I-- We've had good times. I think that's just the thing. I have notes somewhere in here. Yeah, I'm meditating on Dairon and as I meditate, I-- Hey, girl-- Heading to Felderwin. This is Beau. Might be heading to Zadash after that. You know, if you're in the area, hit me up. Booty call. Call me back. Nope. Oh, right, but she kn-- yeah. Ooh! She'll be gone for the next month to the Bladegarden to help with the assault! She's in Bladegarden. Narrow it down. I told her that, though, before she sent it, that she was in Bladegarden, because I would have known that. Just straight intelligence? Lucky jade. Okay, okay, okay. 17, natural 15. She's got a longer nose, pointed-- Fierce eyebrows. Thanks, Dungeon Master. What? Really-- I mean-- Sure! What? Oh, okay. Okay. Really? Thanks, Jester. That's a big deal. Okay. What? Me? Yeah. 'Sup? What was that? Okay. Did he say something to you about your past when you were in there with him? You think he saw into you? You're a man of-- The man in Rexxentrum or Yussa? Do you have to go, or do you want to go? Because what I'm hearing from you, Caleb, is that you don't understand that you have friends. We're here, willing to defend you and kick some ass just like we did for Fjord-- Is it, though? Caleb, unfortunately, you don't get to choose who cares for you. It's not a choice you get to make. You can either accept this-- What do you want? We can't find anything out if we don't talk to people, if we're not careful. I don't like not knowing either, Caleb. It's why I thought I would talk to people. I thought you'd be excited. I thought I did a damn good job in there. I thought me and Caduceus both did. I was talking to Nott and we thought for damn sure that you would be so stoked about this goddamn fucking tower. Wow! (shouting) Wow! Fucking cool, Caleb! Yeah, he's cool. (shouting) You're cool, Caleb! See, Jester thinks you're fucking cool! Because she's your fucking friend! (even louder) Sorry, Fjord! Yeah, do we--? Thanks! That's exactly what I think. You wouldn't happen to have any handwriting samples of some lawmasters? I know! But for more, other ones. Other than, you know. Stolen mail? Sign-in sheets, even? Great. We don't have to arrest you. Yep. Yep. Oh no. (whistles) Oh shit, okay. Caleb? You recognize those people? My notes look like a serial killer's. It's bad. Antiquity at the Cerberus-- Largemont? MLD! Oh jeez, he's Homeland Security! Wait, Archmage of what? Fuck! Domestic Protection. Same. I mean, did you want to finish that? I have an idea. I have my opinion. I'm just curious– Someone was interrogated. What was yours? Nott. You clearly have some personal attachment to this. What would someone want from here? Yeah. That guy mentioned people feeling slow. Time. Yeah, gravity and time. We have a beacon. Yeah. We have a piece of dunamis. I think Jester's right. I think this dodecahedron goes into that tripod. I don't think we should do it here because, like Yussa said, we pull this thing out selectively. Your people. It's because they haven't-- he hasn't, in terms of-- Oh. Wow, yeah. Can I actually do a little pass on the chair and see if I see any signs that someone's been tied to it, someone's been questioned? Things that Beau would know that people would do in her realm? Aww, Jesus fucking Christ. 13. We already knew that. Yeah, I agree. Fjord? Someone's come back in. Whoever-- Well, the chair is facing the chest, correct, is what you said? I mean, look at the amount of time that we've all lost staring in the dodecahedron. Nott? Where do we go? You said Old Edith? I agree with Fjord. I don't think they necessarily found what they were looking for when they came here, but I think they didn't find it and they might move on. I'm making guesses like the rest of us. None of us can honestly tell you what the right call is here. I think we all need to talk. Sam Riegel! RIP, ears. Don't at me.