Welcome back, Ashley, good friend of mine, goodbye Blindspot, hello Nein! (cheering) Here, Ashley, I'm going to tie it to your chair like we're at Applebee's. So go pee, but watch it at the break, it's really important. Oh, Yasha followed us, she wasn't starting down here. Gotcha. This club is awesome! Are we all supposed to change our names? Nonagon. Wait. Wait, is Nonagon like a slang for-- or like a word for sorry? And what was the name of the original order you were a part of? I'm a bit of an enthusiast of the underworld. So I came across some information. Demedan got his order of bloodroot. It was really good. No, Demedan was clumsy with his information. Can I borrow a tusk? Then what? Oh. (laughs) I know. She's at home. I'm going to keep an eye on the deal as well. Yeah, I rolled less than Jester. Oh my god, come on, Fjord. Oh my god. Oh, I was going to ask for her. Wait the goliath or the ogre? MATT and The-- Okay. Sucks being in the wrong place at the wrong time. Is this an investigation that you caused to begin with? Doing your bidding. Through one of your associates. I bet he edubates on that pile of gold. (laughter) Take the Pepsi challenge. Some Inigo Montoya shit. Kara knows him, real well. Yeah. Does it look like he's speaking from experience? He's a little twitchy. (grumbling) 14. Who were the two guys that said that they passed out trying to get away from the creepy, ancient facility? Just shifty, rogue-y underbelly types? My favorite pastime. Want to accompany me? Let's go. Sure. Anyone else wants to join. I give her a little (clicks tongue) when I walk by. Deal with that later. I grab one of the half-drinken beers from someone else's table and set it down and be like, here you go. I got this for you. Heard you guys got all heebie jeebie and passed out in your last little mission. No, that's cool! We're here to clean up y'all's shit. Any traps? What? Are you afraid of geometry? I don't-- Yeah, sure. I saw the whole-- We're just giving you a hard time, man. It's fun. The whole time this was happening, I was rubbing my feet against the ground, building up a static shock. Okay, rubbing against Fjord. Like this. Just waiting for it. All right, thank you so much, man. All right, good. (laughter) Sorry, can't help it. Molly, you have-- Sorry, Lucien. Sorry, Non--Nongatek. She seemed real into you, but not in an into you like "I want to tap that" kind of into you, but in an "I've watched you walk on water" type of into you. Yeah. Holy shit. You know, to a dumbass, that actually is convincing. Nantucket. This is basically Taliesin at Ren Faire. Lord Taliesin! I respect a woman who can handle her business on her own personal time. Yeah, get to know us? What is she doing right now? She still watching us? He knows Kara pretty well. I think we should talk to Kara. I've been playing hard to get, waiting to see if she mingles around to us. Oh yeah. When did you get in town? You were here? What were you up to? What?! I'm doing a scan, see if there's any wandering eyes. He definitely had a thing! We go talk to Kara. So you were deceiving us. That's a good one. Have to remember that one. How much of this was orchestrated from the beginning? Were we a distraction for the bigger picture? Insight check. 21. (cheering) All right. You won't want to frame them in any type of larger scheme, considering it seems like you're quite irritated with them? Interesting. How long have you been working for the Gentleman? That's a long time. Does he feel the same about the Xhorhasian as you do? You know, it's not as difficult to rally a society of people against another. It's not too hard to start a war if you really want to. Did Ulog and Dolan know about your involvement with the Gentleman? All right, here's my question. Ulog was in against the High-Richter. That was his motivation. Dolan wanted to get after Lord Sutan for running him out of his practice. What did you get out of all this? You're only in it to be a middleman? No goals or aspirations yourself? Yeah. You got a nice face. It's good for presentory purposes. She does! Look! She's got a good face! That was a compliment. Did it not? That was a compliment. All right. Guess we'll see you around. I mean-- All right. Let's go! No, that's great. You guys made friends. Good job. Hello, Critters! We are back at the Time Travel Mart in Echo Park, California, which is one of the homes of our beloved 826LA, and we're going to tell you about this amazing organization and maybe play some Dungeons & Dragons? Come on, I'll show you around. [funky music] Yeah, aren't the Critters such an amazing group? We've heard rumors of people coming and stopping by and volunteering, yeah? Oh my goodness, that warms my heart so much. I love it. Okay, so give us a little bit of a rundown on what 826 is, and what you guys do for all the amazing kids that come through here. You guys have 826 chapters all over the country, correct? (gasps) Hey, NOLA! I love it so much. You guys have the Time Travel Mart, which is amazing, if you're ever in Los Angeles, you have to come visit it. You have different themes for each of those across the nation, yeah? (laughs) That all feeds right back into the organization, yeah? How did that even come about? How did you guys think to do that? It's so brilliant. Now, if people want to get involved in 826LA or any of the 826's across the country, how is the best way to go about doing that? Awesome. You don't necessarily have to tutor if that's not your jam. You can do many things, right? Amazing. All skill sets are appreciated. Joel, thank you, as always, for taking the time. All right, we'll see you soon. All right, here's the deal we are dedicating the next four weeks to our favorite charity, 826LA. Now, for every 5000 dollars we raise, a new incentive will be unlocked for everyone. We want to go back to the Leaky Tap? You know, that's safe. We should also probably check in on the dodeca-doohickey as well. Oh, right, she has it. Never mind. Yeah. He was at the Leaky Tap, right? We left him there? Okay, yeah. Let's do that. Going for the chair. I'm into it. I hope you're okay with being blindfolded. Sorry. It was part of the deal. Dolan is staying. Horris is getting out of Dodge. Horris, have you heard anything while we've been gone, or have you been staying in here? (whispers) Your Grog is showing. 104 gold. So much ramen. I thought he was coming with us when we go to leave. That's what I thought. Is that-- or am I mistaken? Okay. Out of game, out of game! Don't, you're not-- DM's not here. DM's not here. Well, we should probably blindfold him ourselves on the way there so he just don't even. We'll figure it out. Yeah. Because if we take him down into the Evening Nip with us then they're going to want to do the whole "Let me take your blood!" thing and "You weren't here," and "Who the fuck are you?" and all that shit. So we don't want to do that. Sorry, also Marisha talking right now. Here. I toss him mine and Jester's key. Just don't steal any of the pillowcases or go through any of our luggage. Lucien sounds very, "I'm trying to find myself," by the way. Just throwing that out there. Yeah, it's very angsty teen! I dated a few Luciens. Like, way too many Luciens. This is... Beau. Beau, but it's still not necessarily untrue. Lot of guys in bands. Yeah. We definitely left our vials in a shady cellar with a bunch of underground criminals. Saving throw? It's 100 dollars. 100 dollars for every natural one. 16. So is that ritual she was rambling about? Did you look the same, or did you come back--? Did you wake up to people, or alone? How do you know she actually thinks it's you and not, you know, maybe she just mistook you for someone actually named Lucien? So this happens to you. She kept referencing a book. What if we could find the book? Yes. No. Doesn't mean you have to find meaning in meaningless things. You know just because you know about your past doesn't mean you have to be beholden to it. If you-- You don't owe your past shit. If I don't feel anything about my past, but I still remember it and I still don't give a fuck about where I came from then, why should you care about shit that you don't even remember? Molly, you seem like you have a pretty solidified identity for someone who has only had consciousness for two years. Things came back quick; do you feel like there's still remnants of whoever you once were that have informed who you are now? Interesting. I can kind of agree with that. Cheers to bullshit. Don't believe him, Jester. You ever think you could actually be doing damage, though? Setting people on false paths? Some people are vulnerable and looking for answers. Come on, Patterson, come on. Help us out here right now. This is your day job. Did you ever know anyone who did used to try and set people on wrong paths with their fortune telling? No. Still in the Zone of Truth now. Well this was fun. For what it's worth, I like you a little better now. You don't have to reciprocate it. I get that a lot. Oh yeah, Fjord and I found out that we're probably going to be facing some undead wispy things that might electrocute us. Okay. Do you know how to fight them? You are. (chuckles) Yes. It's so good. It's a good movie. A short rest. Yeah, you could do it if you want. It's crazy. Hey, would you all mind looking in to see if you find any throwing stars or any throwing darts? Here, I'll give you some-- here. Yeah. See, I need something-- I give him a little bit of gold to see if he-- Here. Here's ten gold. Bring me back the change. If he does not have throwing stars ask for darts or the equivalent. Do not fuck me here, Caleb. Do not fuck me. I'll stay here and watch Horris. Me and Jester, right. I'm going to go wake him up. He's been sleeping in. Asshole. Come on Jester, come on. Before they leave, can I be like, don't forget, they're looking for us. To Molly. Her initial regret. Immediate nope. Nah. Being a wizard's expensive, ja? Yeah, for ten gold. Just ball bearings and throwing stars. No, I'm watching him. While you guys are doing this, I'm like Check under your bed. Did you leave anything behind? Go pee. One last time, man. Come on, come on. The Evening Nip, and then they're going to escort us out. (gasps) Perfect! Thank you. Thank you. Why are you acting so weird about this? Thanks for the change. Thank you, Yasha. Yeah, you're welcome. And then I put a bag over his head and I say sorry, sorry. Well, he can't see where we're going, right? I figured we're-- All right. Okay, okay. Now over his head. He's going through a Jake Gyllenhaal phase. Dweez. Nice! I'll hold on to Caleb to make sure he can still walk. Well, they said all hold hands. Sorry. Doing the best I can. Sorry. Sorry! Had to get an opportunity in. I'm with Caleb in the back. Come on, kitty! Come on, Frumpkin! Yasha's one, and then Jester's the other. Sure. I bring out and put on the goggles. So romantic, you guys! LIAM and (singing) There across the way! (singing) Yah, yah, yah! I think I do! I put it away. Anyone who can beat face, but doesn't have magic. Yasha, maybe? Nott? You dip your ammunition in it. Oh, this one is a throwing one? Oh, never mind! Feel better, Laura!