21. Anyone speak Dark-Shady-Guy-in-a-Sewer? Okay, I'm going to get out the rope and climbing hook that I had from earlier, and I'm going to say, Jester, catch! Oh, wait, you're super last. Okay, never mind. I'm going to rush to him and see if I can-- I'm going to rush to him and see if I can grapple? I'm so bad at grappling. My athletics is okay. Okay, I'm going to see if I can take the grappling hook and swing it around and grapple. Okay, big money. Okay, that's all right. 16. I'm going to see if I can do a blow to his temple with my elbow. This is just an off-handed attack, right? 16. I've got him wrapped and grappled. It's literally right here. Let’s subdue him and talk to him! I hate these rides! Okay. I still have him restrained. I can't see or do shit. Still holding onto the rope, can I full-on football tackle him and try and push him out of this dark cloud? Uh-huh. Oh, I'll do that, then. I'm going to start, with the rope wrapped around, start like a lifeguard, backing out. Yeah, towards Fjord. I felt Fjord go by, so I want to try and go towards Fjord. Look what I caught! Yeah I did! Help me subdue him. I'm going to do another crack to the forehead with my off-handed attack. That's a natural one. No! Wait. No, it is. I thought it was a seven. Thought it might be a seven. Okay. Both hit. Ouchies. Ow. Yes, please. That's great, thank you. Much better. Ouchies. No, that's right, Fjord's turn. Oh God. Okay-- I'm going to first try and tighten my grip on him. And can I try and bulldoze him down to the ground and pin him to the ground? Cool. I'm going to also try and do non-lethal damage and knock him on the head. Two attacks. Yeah, first one’s a natural 19. Second one is another natural one. Sorry, 1d8 plus four is-- 12, thank you. Can I take a free action to be like We just want to talk to you, damn it! Still hits. Nope. I don't think he wants to talk to us. (strained) Oh yeah, I've got a-- I can also tie bows in my, Beau's, rope. Wait, you want to put my bo in bows-- Boots, something. Three daggers and lots of gold. Remember when we lost 500 platinum at the bottom of the Bag of Holding last campaign for months? That was funny. Yes. Oh that's where I put that. We universally forgot it, as a team. Molly, do you think this is the weapon from the crime scene, that we saw? That big glowy, black-- See? Extremely powerful. Does it look like the same color from the gauntleted hand that we saw in the alley? Let's wake him up. Super baity. (singing) Go ahead and jump. By the way, last time Travis did this, I jumped off of a cliff and splatted as a goldfish. We could be heroes. Turn him in, invaders in chains. That is true, these guys were called Cricks. If anything was true in the porn, you can always trust porn to be honest. There's always truth to porn. This guy is from the Dwendalian Empire, from the Julous Dominion. Remember the porn. It was a very awkward reading. The Marrow Valley. What was-- The army of Julous. Oh, conflict between the Julous Dominion and the Dwendalian Empire. And she was a general for the Dwendalian empire. She was super in love with this general named Theo. Theo. Oh, he does speak Common. Half-elves did. I remember team half-elves did. No. Do you mean rebirth or do you mean reanimate? Let's be honest here. Oh jeez. Is this thing what we saw take out half the Zauber Spire? Is it just the two of you or were there more? Who was your help, if it was just the two of you? It has to be someone in the city. Who was it? You don't tell us, we'll find out one way or another. I can tell you that right now. You can either help us get there faster, or we'll just take the long goddamn way. He looks like a good reward to me. Unless, under one condition. You tell us who you were working with in here. Is it Kara? Dolan? Exactly. Anything? Any reactions? Yeah, can me and Fjord tag team this? Yeah, let's just each roll. We're just going down the list. Fucking fuck. Better than me. 13. What? He hasn't told us shit. Just leave him. He can get out himself. He's a smart guy. Ooh, was it the Gentleman? We could pawn this thing. Right now. It'll be off of our tail in like two minutes. What if he comes back and destroys us with this thing in six months? Two months? And super different than five seconds ago when you said we should just let him go. Does it scare you that much? If it's that scary, then what do you want to do with it? Or we can take it now and kill him later. Just saying, it could be like a fun game. Look, I know some people. Why don't we bag this thing up and we'll take it right over to-- Okay, I'm not talking about anything-- New plan. New plan. All right, we can't decide if we should leave him, or take the thing, or take the thing but leave him, or kill him, or-- why don't we take both him and the thing? We go to the Cobalt Soul. Drop him off. Front doorstep, leave a note, "You're welcome." And apparently so are we? Or at least talking about it? They hold information. They've got a decent amount of relics and spell books and things that they might know. And they're technically a little bit separate from the city. They're kind of not necessarily a part of the empire. They kind of make sure the empire stays in check. The Dwendalian Empire? No, wait, sorry. I meant Xhorhas. Right. We're letting him leave without the beacon? And he's not going to take it? (singing) It's in a book, Reading Rainbow! I still say we load up both of these guys. Okay, he definitely does not get a secret disguise to help him get through the city. Just saying, it feels like we're leaving an opportunity in the sewer. Nope! Should we follow him? See where he's going? TRAVIS and Just saying, maybe there's some cool portal or something. How are they getting in and out, man? Is he heading deeper into the sewers the way the spiders were? I don't care about wars between empires, I just like having more information. For later. I should have just strapped him up. We had control of it when it was still in our hands. We don't have control anymore. What did you say, you said we're down one? What happened to Ulog? Yeah. We don't want to be a part of this. We were working at the festival. We're just trying to get out, man. I say, sir, we have coworkers that were working at the festival. Do you know anything about this attack? As we walk, I'm going to ask Fjord, did you catch any weird twitches, or any signs that he was lying? You know, maybe we were assholes for not noticing that him handing over his entire life savings was a little suspicious. I don't think we got it. Which is pretty dope. All right, let's all be clear that whatever the empire wants, they'll fucking take. You can disguise yourself. You can disguise yourself as Crick! I'm definitely super injured, but this sounds fun. They're in an alleyway? I'm going to parkour elf, get on the-- Elf? Monk, get on the roof of the nearest building. Okay, okay, okay. 16. Natural 20. Where's Nott? Where are you? Come on, come on, come on! I follow Caleb as he traces around, but on the roof. I crouch down on the roof above Caleb, and I go (bird coo). Come on, Caleb. Trying to avoid the paparazzi. I'm on the roofs, been tracking Caleb this whole time. On the roof. I drop down in front of the kids Batman-style. Don't take my fucking line before I get a chance to say it! Close, but different motive. Whatcha buying, kids? You know that shit will fucking kill you, right? With advantage? Jesus, a natural one and a four. So five. I take out my staff and I say Do your parents know you're out this late? Or are you trying to prove something? And just for Taliesin, I say Stay in school! (laughter) Yeah! I'm going to stealth and try to track back towards Caleb. But make sure no one else is also following him. I don't think we should go back to the Song & Supper. Fjord and I found an additional cellar, where we found that skeleton, behind the Leaky Tap. Doesn't look like anybody-- (announcer voice) Thank you for joining us for Fantasma. The park is now closed. (dopey guard voice) "It was just like that cat I kicked the other day." Nott, remember that additional cellar behind the Leaky Tap? Uh-huh. I think that might be safe. It was super dead. Like, no one's been there for a super long time. Super clean bones. Like, at least, two years, I'd say. I think we can wait until morning, though. How's the city looking? Are people ransacking? Are there looters? Okay. It's not that bad. Break! You think the whole damn thing was a fucking distraction? I really don't like being used. Who's at the bar? Is there anyone at the bar? Clay Owens? Hey Clay, how's it going? Long night? I know, right? Can I go ahead and get a double to help with the night? Had anyone come in tonight? Any one of the usuals? Seen Ulog? Seen Kara? Yeah? All right. You didn't see them rush out with anybody? Mention where they were going? I think he got food poisoning from the finger food at the gala. You should never trust that shit. All right. Well, thanks, Clay. Slam it. Let's go. Oh, I give him a gold. Oh, I'm sorry, I was-- It's just the-- Just keep it. It's just the stress of the night. Sorry, I'm a little-- maybe next time, it's a round on you, right? Okay, bye. All right, let's go. No, why? Oh, my tolerance is like-- It's at an unhealthy level. Let's go. Yeah, let's see if those guys are there. Natural 20! Someone's hiding. Yeah, sure, make sure they don't try and run. Nope, I'm still out back. (whispers) Fjord? Are you dead? While all this was going on, can I do a quick little casing, intelligence to see if there's any thrown-away trash, burned evidence, or anything in the back? Fucking-- fuck you, Gil. Six. Did he let me in? There's a little town not far from here called Alfield. It might actually have use for a doctor right about now. Wait. Before you guys leave. It doesn't matter based on what's just happened. Is there anything that you guys know that we didn't about any other of the members of the Knights of Requital that might have a more invested interest in an invasion or getting back at anyone in the Zauber Spire? Sorry. Yes. That was the right one. Seems like you all had your own individual motives for why you were part of the Knights of Requital. You sure yours was just because you wanted to be the High-Richter? Always have someone check your work. Sounds like half the clubs in LA. Fuck! All right. I’ll go up and see what they are saying. I was just about to say, Jester’s everyone's little sister when you're a senior in high school. Why are so many fucking people trying to skip town? Don't take no for an answer. We almost killed a guy and then someone else killed a guy, we still reaped all the rewards. Good for us, guys. Good for us. Ey, represent! Upstairs, yeah. Convene in-room. It's all right. Yeah, it's down feathers all over the place. Where's Caleb? He downstairs? What's the last thing he said? Makes sense. How much? Shpizich? Wait, what? I thought we just sent him on his way. Aw, fuck! I thought-- Did you bring me that drink? Oh, sit down. Sorry. I was mentioning Alfield, but really, it's up to him, I guess. I don't care. We walked in on him and his boy trying to skip town. Well, he said he only wanted to be gone a week, though, right? You do know that leaving town itself is suspicious in its own right, right? Just throwing it out there. But you have an alibi. It's hard to have an alibi when you mysteriously-- I don't give a shit what you-- Yeah. Claudia. Also skipping town. She knew we were holding all those backroom meetings, right? She helps you guys quite a lot. How many platinum? 19? And two gold? Yeah! I didn't expect you to wear platforms. I look at Molly and I take out my bo staff. I say Parry! and I go whack with the sword. See if anything happens. Yeah. I mean, I told him I was attacking. 20 total. Oh sorry, I thought we were just wrestling a little. Ow! Fuck! Do I feel anything? Yeah, a fucking headache! Do the daggers seem special? I'm going to take one of the daggers and I throw it against the windowsill. Seal. Damn it, that's true. What did you say? (singing) Don't fuck me, Gil. 20. Sorry, 22. I mean, that was pretty awesome, right? That's true. I think what Fjord meant was can y'all be trusted? Very valid question. Seems like he's taken a few things that he's afraid of. Wait, what happened? You do realize that missing things mean leaving a trace, right? You realize you're not helping your case, right? We’d already fucked up the rug, we probably shouldn't fuck up anyone else's house. We were already implicated at one place, right? Are you aware of what Stockholm Syndrome is? Yeah. Yeah, it's an Emon thing. It doesn't matter, wait. Okay, hang on, before we turn this into a pissing contest-- It's not about earning each other's trust. Look, I have worked with some skeevey motherfuckers in my day, very unsavory types. But you know what I trust? That they have their own self-preservation, right? So I can trust that these motherfuckers don't want to get caught, and that they don't want to die at the end of the day. If you want to do something skeevey on the side, let me know, I will help you out. But when we are all working as a team, I don't want your actions to get me in fucking trouble. We don't have to trust each other, but when we are working on a job together, I want to know that you care enough about yourself that you're not going to get me in trouble. Fuck you, Molly. TALIESIN and I agree with that. When you want to grab something for yourself, you let me know, and you go grab it for yourself, I don't have to be a part of it. When we choose one objective together, I can only trust that you are in it with us. We can be selfish as a group, and then be selfish as individuals. Is there? You're not the only one who can have the same interests in keeping each other safe. Oh yeah, thanks. Man, super shame that Caleb's not here for this entire conversation. Let's go down there, why don't we camp in the cellar? I mean, not as nice as what they said, if he ever does anything to get me fucking locked up I will beat him so fucking bad his ancestors on the next plane won't fucking recognize him. Thanks, I'm trying real hard. Yeah, progress. I am an HR liability. You caught him stealing your stuff? LAURA and SAM and You caught her stealing your stuff? This is the most I've liked either one of you motherfuckers. And I pull out my bo. And I put it down and I say, but I'll find ya. If anything else happens. Y’all don't fucking know me. (laughter) So smaller than this. Did any of us hear it from the second floor? 13. What? Are they trying to fucking escape? A fucking thump?! He has the hit points of a kitten. What, why are you getting teary, what is happening? Was it that good? Santa Klaus! Oh! Fuck! I'm not, I'm speaking as myself! MATT and What is happening to you now?! Are we doing the level four thing now? Are we doing the level four thing, or we doing it after? Okay. I'll kill you in your sleep! Okay, bye! Grab all the dice. Grab all the dice! d8 for the monk as well. A four. Right down the middle. Plus my con modifier, yeah? We've got to figure out what we're doing with this thing. Yeah, Kara. She was the most shifty bitch. She never said a whole lot. She's the one I arguably know the least about-- Well, Jester and I know the code to talk to the Gentleman if we ever want to do that. Generally when a city is on lockdown, though, the sewers is the first place that guards are looking for shady people to leave. Where's our cart? We still have our gypsy wagon. No, we haven't. (laughter) Is our cart in the city or is it outside the city? We can bury him under a pile of produce or something like that, try and sneak him out of the city. Also, you know who we haven't checked up on? Bryce's sister. Right? Her sister? Their sister, sorry. Bryce's sister. Is Broken Veil the name of a tavern here, or was it in Alfield? I think I messed up and I wrote down where she is, but I don't know where-- No, wait. Yes. Bryce is in Alfield. Yeah. Feelid. Bryce Feelid. Watchmaster Bryce Feelid. Elf. Leader of the guard. Very sweet person. These are all the things I wrote down. Bryce despises the Dwendalian Empire, thinks they get no support being so far south from the Dwendalian Empire. He's not from this region. And then I wrote down ‘Broken Veil’ and ‘Bluffs’. You're unprepared! So I didn't-- I don't have the name of her damn-- Their damn sister! I think Caleb was, because it was right when we said we were going to Zadash and Bryce was like, "Go look at this person." Sorry, I choked on my spit. Wait, is Claudia his sister? Am I going around in circles? It was Claudia. Was it Claudia this whole time? It was Claudia. Never mind! And get Horris out first, right? Yannick and Jan. Our blacksmith is Taika Waititi. So into it. You all keep talking about this Pumat Sol guy. No. I don’t do the magic stuff. I tend to do other things. Oh, really? See, it feels like an inside joke. So you started stealing stuff in the first house? We had the talk with her That’s pretty good, though. Wait, what are you agreeing with? That he's nice or that he's working for the Empire? Okay. The two aren't mutually exclusive. We know that, right? He can be nice and working for the Empire. The fuck? 'Sup? Little clammy. I was thinking the same thing! (singing) How much is that doggy in the window? I'll go in on it. What was in the box though, originally? How much to make it my concern? I'm right here! I can hear you all talking about me. Any other healing potions you got? I’ll take one more as well. Taliesin, are you seeing-- wait, no. Are you seeing the potion of healing? I'm only seeing the greaters. I got one. What is happening? What is hiding in those corners, though? He runs the Hall of Erudition? That guy's crazy! Gah! Yeah! I don't know what I'm agreeing to. (yelps) Fuck! Get that! I bet we could go back to the Chastity's Nook for that. It's called "The Daring Tales." I make sure it's still there. He didn't bring anything back to life, that's good. But now we can put the dodecah-shit-ball in the box and now the box in the bag, right? Still crossing the streams? All right, all right. Yeah. We have like 30 Handbooks around here somewhere. Wait, is she still a thing? She's going to come back? I respect her ability to handle her own shit on her own time. They’re pretty great! So I strap on the big, gothy boots-- Super tall Doc Martens, lots of little fur-lined, lots of straps and zippers. How do they look? Yeah, it’s hard to tuck your pants into your boots. They're pretty great. They add 1d8 to my initiative roll. Does anyone else feel like they might benefit from these more than me? Your initiative bonus is zero? I feel like Nott might be able to do some good with these too, if she had them. Okay, I’m sensing some passive aggressive-- Thank you, Nott. Very good. Thank you. Thank you, Nott. Don't patronize me, Nott. Oh, do I? What kind of a saving throw? Oh, that's not good for me. Nope, definitely not. (voice cracking) I am so happy! (brightly) Go talk to the Gentleman, of course. (singing) 1-800-General! I feel like it's all gone to shit. I think that's exactly what this is. Smiling is so painful. (groans) Yeah. Yeah, you're actually... yeah. I don't think you're so far off. There's something weird that's been striking me with Dolan this whole time. He doesn't seem like he really has the tenacity of someone who actually wanted that seat. Maybe he was a pawn this whole time. That guy is kind of a coward. And I mean this with all due respect -- the guy was kind of a coward! That's how you do it, right? No? I am really interested in this Kara girl. I'm wondering if she's a puppet master throughout this whole game. This is Clive the bartender? Hold. Pause. It's something along the lines of-- Okay. This is Clive the bartender, right? Yeah, we are. So Beau and Jester walk up, and say-- 'Sup. I mean, I know I'd like a drink. But unfortunately we have no coin. However, we are willing to offer many gifts. Who the fuck? How many names have you had?! No, we never said to trust us! We said not to trust us specifically!