I love that you "lost" the printed-out, e-mail letters in our move. Mm-hmm. --you! I can see the wrinkles from where it was packaged. Yeah. We do need to decide something. Beau walks over to Keg, and grabs Keg by the coif, and tries to slam Keg into the ground. Did you think that maybe telling us that Lorenzo was a high fucking magic user would have been-- Or are you still fucking working with them? Where is his fucking stupid tapestry? Where is it? I go, and I look. Is his tapestry still on her horse? I storm over to it and I rip it off the horse and I say This is ours now. He was our fucking friend, he wasn't your fucking friend. We're taking this back. I go over to Molly's body. I think she's fucking right. How long have you been separated from these fucking assholes? It's not a lot of time to-- I search Molly's body and look for the tarot cards first. I take those and I keep those to myself. Take the amulet. Toss it to Caleb. I'm going to take what his dead body isn't using any more. I'm going to leave him with everything else. I don't think we should take his sword. Not without help, anyway. Did you guys just suddenly fucking forget that they took Yasha? They took Fjord, they took Jester. Fuck you both. Do y'all remember what Molly said a few weeks ago when he told us that he left every town better than what he found it? When he first told me that, I remember that my first initial knee jerk reaction was, "You fucking arrogant, narcissistic bastard, no one can fucking know "that." He was an arrogant bastard, but he was right and do you know how I know? We had a conversation last night when we were up for watch, and he asked me what my greatest lie was and we pulled fucking cards for it. Loser would go first. He told me this story about tricking a town into thinking he was royalty, being a king, to pull off a scam. I was almost going to tell him about my childhood, and I didn't. Because he told that fucking story and I realized even in his scams, when he was doing something shitty, he was still making people feel good or feel special. The town was being visited by-- graced by his presence, by his royal highness. And I told him this story of ruining a couple's lives by extorting them because I fucking could. Because I fucking felt like it. I realized if I can deliberately leave a town shittier than what I found it, of course he could fucking leave a town better than what he found it. And I'm not going to do that again. I'm not saying that I'm going to go off and be a fucking hero, but maybe we can equal out and I can at least not fuck any more shit up. Take baby steps towards the leaving the town better... thing. That's the least I can do for him. And I'm going to start with these fuckheads. All right. Who the fuck is Lucien? I'm assuming Shadycreek doesn't have high level priests and the Empire and churches and stuff like that. Doesn't sound like the type of place that has-- Yeah. Or cut and run, like you said. It's funny how the good people can make assholes like us feel so small. I go back over to Molly's body and start finding his coin purse. He's going to sponsor his own campaign to resurrection. Nott, want a trinket? To remember Molly by? Is that what you think I'm doing? I take the money. Let's wrap him in his cloth. It was impractical the moment he bought it. It's a pretty awesome sword, from what I remember. That's a good idea. (laughs) Mollymauk's pretty unique and different. It's a good name. I take the swords. Or, at least, is there one fancy one and one basic one? Yeah, we'll take that one. Summer's Dance. We'll give it back to him if he comes back to us. Well, and also, there might be grave robbers. Looters, yeah. I help him. Pour a drink? Long may he reign. That's the best fucking shit I got. Maybe you should write another note and leave it on the coat that says, "Don't fucking "steal this, you fucking looter assholes. Dead guy's buried here." I feel like a note could be very convincing, but that's fair. All right, let's go. Keg. Thank you. I think we all would have been dead back there had you not made your offer, which you didn't have to do. It's noted. What was your friend's name? No more running. For Molly and Yuto. Deal? Never a bad time. It's a spy! Kill it! That's so Molly. We're jumping in a bouncy funhouse over here! We're having a grand old time! Just so great! I thought you were talking to yourself again. Oh. Yeah, you're not like a shared hallucination, right? We ran into a tribe on the way here, you wouldn't happen to know an older woman named Jumnda would you? Nott, that's-- (laughing) You're terrible. She said a strong woman on a mission to go find her son, part of her clan, was heading north. Would you happen to be Nila? Or is it Ny-la? Am I pronouncing that right? It was Nila? Nila. Nailed it. It's nice to meet you. On our good days. That's pretty dangerous. I like her. I like her a lot. She's kind of right. Show us. That sounds great. Holy shit. Yeah, good for me. All right. We should keep heading on to Shadycreek then. No. Yeah. I'm going to go start mounting up the horses. Yeah, it was you two doubled up and I had one. Oh, fuck. Is it snowing-- Is there snow on the ground? Does it look like they tried to escape the cage? Then they dumped the bodies. I think he just cares that little for human life. I'll help. Yeah. I have my cool reversible cloak. Is it Pass Without a Trace you're looking at? Yes, so as long as we stay within 30 feet of you, we get plus ten to our stealth bonus, which would be very helpful. Correct. That's badass. I like that. Share body heat, keeps us warmer. Beau tries to get a spot next to Nila because she's large and fuzzy. I'll take it. Six total. I'm a little zoned out. Is this a saving throw or just a check? 12. So cute. Yeah, Molly pays the toll. Two, four, six, eight, ten. Love you, Taliesin. You know, maybe people don't rely on you because you haven't been given the chance yet. We're certainly going to rely on you. It'll be a good test run, at least, for you. Then you can go back to your tribe and be like, "Yo, people relied on me!" "It was great, you should rely on me more!" I don't know. They probably won't sound like that. You guys are going to have three horses and then two riders. Okay. We'll hide under the horse like Indiana Jones-style, basically? Holding on underneath? Okay, that's going to take some grip strength, but I'm into it. Do they search you on the way in? I'll hide as suitcase. I'll be a bundle. More stealthy. You give us a bonus to our stealth. Is it makes us more hideable. You know the blanket in Lord of the Rings? The cloak-- It's like that. Rocky things. Sounds good. Or I could be a pack on one of your guys' horse. Almost like? Mm-hmm. I'm wrapped in a bedroll. Plus ten, right? Add ten to your roll your plus stealth. It's not good for me either. 21 with the buff. Yeah, that's good. What is the name of that place again? ASHLY, LIAM, and Amazing. (muffled) I agree. SAM and I totally get the name of the place now. It's very clever. It seems that they don't have a strong housing code. They can get away with these more unique builds. It's very fascinating. It's kind of cool. Yeah, but I didn't talk as animals. I wasn't talking. As elementals I was like Run! Jump! Oh shit! I reverted, that's all. It's in the walls of the city, or in city limits? Is it safe for me and Keg to hop out without it looking shifty? We do that. I think horses have regular hearing. We'll need all of that above and a little bit more. I've had a hard week What were you saying? Champ? His name's Champ! Sybaritic? Nailed it. Maybe we'll get lucky, and the problem she wants help with is the Iron Shepherds. Two birds with one stone, we win. Still going along with that plan. Has not changed. The Molly problem was a hiccup. Seems kind of cold. Anyway. That's pretty crazy. She might be. Maybe we shouldn't stay here. What time of day is it? To be fair, this isn't The Iron Shepherds' hideout, we said, right? Seems like they wouldn't come here. Rival family. Yeah, let's formulate a plan in the morning. I can't think right now. I'm a little out of it. I'll take a room for myself, please. I arrange for companionship and drinks. It feels weird going and picking someone out. That feels dirty. Yeah. Just make her hot, please. No, just an hour, and then I want to be alone, please. All right. Then I get really drunk, and I go to my room for the night. Send up booze. Oh. Right. I open the door. Uhh... Hi. What's your name? Okay! Hot! Yeah, exactly! Hotel prices. What? Beau comes down the stairs, hearing the end of it, and just goes (applause) I could learn a few things from you. That was a good apology. Damn good. I have a feeling maybe her business has something to do with the Iron Shepherds as well. Do you know anything about any of the families here? Is it a female? Well, I imagine we should also be listening carefully right now, as well as then. That's totally what he means. Badge of honor. I mean, you could say it was a nice little tussle. It was a nice little square off. I'd say we both won. I definitely won. I won a few times. (laughter) Ooh! Do they make my hickies go away? Holy shit. This is miracle cream, Nila! Oh my god! You could make a cosmetic line! How does he do that? Is it like a militia that they're forming? Nila. Is there something wrong with the soil here or something? Do you know anything about this? You could do a general nature check. No, no. Eight total. All right. What was the name of the forest? You have to stop thinking that all people who look like each other know everybody. No! Do they know how much further the Marduns' keep is? You got this! Wow. I mean, how long is long for a bird though? Dagon can live to be 30. She's going to outlive us all. Ooh, spirits. Bone-spurred beasts. Okay. Ooh, yeah. Mansion! Northwestish. Do they look like Taskers? Do they have the same armor? Okay. Hired hands. And an important message. Can I look around, do I see anybody who's hidden, watching from windows up above, anything that looks like we're being watched? Not by guards, necessarily. 21. Did I catch a glimpse of what the figure looks like? Okay. Yeah, that's good. Can I do an insight check? Did it look like she cast a spell just then? 25. Shipments to Zadash. What all do you want us getting out of that house? You think all of the Iron Shepherds will be there? Do you know-- sorry. You can go. I wonder if they're hiring. How about something in trade? Just as a little added bonus as a favor. Kind of like her demeaning me with that little girl stuff. I'm kind of into it. Anyway, that priest you mentioned. Is he a pretty skilled priest? Would he happen to have any skills in reviving the dead? Sounds like he does specialize in those abilities when you put it like that. If exceptions can be made for friends and family. Friends and family discount is a real thing. What? I was about to ask if I recognize any wine. Okay. Nine. That's cool. Oh, yes! Keep it down. 'Member berries. 'Member Jester? Oh yeah, I 'member. You get all of your spells back after sleeping as well. 17. We should plan. That's true. And something native. Just send the bird. Oh! Nobody move. You want to send an owl towards that shadow, see if Frumpkin sees what that is? Those were the bone spikes. (whispering) Can you do that thing again? (whispering) So we can all sneak by? Don't fuck me, Gil. Eh, fuck you, Gil. 21. Three guards, two hired hands, and were there two more regular individuals? Could make a distraction in the woods, get one of the guard's attention. Bring them in one at a time. Ambush them. Take their wardrobe. Between me and Nila, we could actually get in pretty quickly. I could get in with the sword and she could be dropped in as a mouse. Well, then we do one of two things. We either send in Nila as a mouse to scout to see if The Iron Shepherds are in there, or we wait and we watch and we see who comes in and out. Watch the guard shifts, see when the changeover is. A guard shift would be the most opportune time to attack. When they're changing shifts. Keg, do you know if these people would have a secret entrance into the basement, to the dungeon area? Tunnels? Do the guards sleep here on the estate, or do they go home at night? Through a gate. I thought you said there was a-- It's a solid gate? To pick her up. Helivac her out! Owls eat mice. I'm just saying. It makes sense in nature. We'll help you find your son. Keep it together in there, all right? Now, here's the thing goblin girl and hobo wizard have this spell where they can talk into your ear. You probably won't be able to respond back as a mouse except for maybe squeaks. Squeaks? That's good. "He's one of you?" That's so generalizing and demeaning. No! Matt drowns the future comments. Question, where this collection of barrels-- The collection of barrels. Are they on the inside in the courtyard? How about we use that barrel pile as your meeting point? We'll make sure that Frumpkin's watching the barrel pile, and you get back there when you're done scouting. You got this, and we're relying on you. So, you know, don't fuck it up. Oh my god, this is so exciting! I'm so happy. We sent in a laser pointer! Shit! My terrible map of what I think based on what he drew. Were the porthole windows in the wall, or in the actual building? Do the spiral stairs go up and down? It's the game show host problem. Come on, mouse. Come on, mousey-poo. Oh! That's good! Try and squeeze under? This is when a natural 20 is-- aw. There might be a hole in the floor or something else. (clapping) Awesome! What did you learn? That was awesome! She didn't die as a mouse. She turned into a mouse and then came back and was helped back out by your bird-cat! That's awesome! We know that there are members of The Iron Shepherds here, and we know they have beds here. Wait until the fall of night? Take out the guards, kill them in their sleep? How long is it to travel to get back to town? Not as far as I thought. If I know anything from my time in the criminal underworld, it's these people always have secret passageways in and out. We could do like a wide walk of the perimeter, see if we find anything out-of-place in the forest. See if there's a path, and if we don't find anything, make our way back into town. Look for a hired hand. Again with the burning thing. So. Let's search around and see if we can search the woods. Perimeter check. Super stealth. Run! Yeah run! We run back to town. Fuck the perimeter search. Away directly from the building. Great game! How was it from the lobby? Yes, Nila!