Brava! Sam is my favorite when he's judging his own jokes. I feel like someone needs to name a bong Blaza Minnelli, by the way. That's a perfect bong name. I'm so tired. Go watch it! Luckily we recorded it all. We did have one. Traveler is my co-pilot. Yes! Hey, Vinny! That fish has instant regrets. "What did I do?" We just lost money on that death. It was a very expensive death. Freudian slip. It's bad when you say it like that. What? That's right. You can Speak with Dead though, right? Is that something you can do? Maybe that's how we interrogate him? I'll help you out. Yasha's following me? I'm like You can follow me, but I'm just-- 15. It just looks more dope now. Yeah, we look like badasses. I think it makes the ship look cooler. Yeah, we look rad. Yeah. But! But we still have the ink of that. And Darktow is also an island? I don't know, I got distracted by the sleeveless coat aspect. That's all I heard. The Mistake! He's kind of the worst. Professor Thaddeus! TALIESIN and The second. Oh, that's right! Right. You want me to wake him up? All right, okay. (impact) That was gentle, right? Good morning. Don't think that far into it, man. It was a cool line. Probably not. How many times have you worked with Jawgrasp or Avantika in the past? And what were you doing for them before? Well that's his own damn fault he has poofy sleeves. Fucking bullshit. (ripping) (laughter) Yeah. Throw them overboard. (laughter) Yeah, you should. It was a pretty fucking dope thing. Okay. Here is the thing, this reputation you keep talking about? That you are so deeply concerned about-- Aw. Can I have it? (laughs) Deflect missiles! Why are you so concerned with this reputation of yours? How long have you been running around in the criminal underworld is what I'm saying. No, I've met this type. He plays stupid, that way if people start asking questions you've got disbelief. Still doesn't mean you're not a criminal though. Take a little walk, we'll continue talking when you get back. God, I hate him. Swavain. Wait, does the ball make you powerful? Is there something going on? The three you just named? I mean it sounds like she wants this thing. Wait, are you saying the Mis-Steak like a good filet mignon or like a mistake? Oh that's a good point. Maybe we should talk about the whole Nicodranas thing really fast? I don't think any of us did. Can we return back to your hometown ever again after that? I feel like we might need to drop some-- Also we have a couple of members of the Mighty Nein that seem a little bit disparate. I'll join. I maneuver to the other side but sit leaning up against the ship, out of it, but here. As they walk away and since Caleb wandered up-- Do you truly believe the amount of justification you were just doing for our actions? Everything we just did. Definitely had a long string of-- sounded like convincing yourself and maybe the rest of us and I just wondered how much you actually believed it, or how much you're trying to convince yourself that you didn't fuck up real bad. Okay, that's great. It's not our home, but does that give us the right to shit on everyone else's? All right. Okay. I don't know. I'm not looking for answers-- Eh, people can adapt. It's just that-- I've done a lot of shitty things and I've made a lot of shitty choices and a lot of mistakes, and after Molly, I told myself that I was going to try and not do that as much, but it's fucking hard. Can we justify murdering six people to have Jester's mom be a little bit better off? Okay, yep. They attacked us. And I walk away. Yeah? Uh... Conflicted, I guess. I don't know. Look, I know we reacted accordingly and in self-defense, but we probably could have a been a little bit smarter about that entire situation. It's been a fucking day! In a part of myself, I'm a little mad because-- I don't know. Everything that tortle was telling us about Marius and how he hangs out at the docks and waits until midnight and I'm like, (scoffs) "What a random, fun guy, just hanging out by the docks at mid--" I don't know, everything about that should have connected in my brain that-- In a fucked up way, I can actually relate to that quite a lot. For me, I've always had my fists, and, man, is it way easier to solve problems when you're beating the shit out of somebody. Like we were justified in our actions. Yeah. Jester had a good talk with him; I think he'll actually be okay. We might need to do a little bit more maintenance. I feel bad; I've treated people like shit my whole life. And having one transformative moment doesn't mean that you're immediately going to be a different person overnight and being better is something you have to work at, I guess. I can understand taking the easy way out with the power that you have. It's what I've done my whole life. I just don't know anything else, though. Walks away from us. I've driven most people in my life away from me. Hearing him talk like that, it's not the first time I've heard those things, and I don't want to drive you guys away. I don't want us to drive each other away. (sighs) Anyway. Is there any damage-- whoever's there! Is there any damage control we want to consider in Nicodranas before we fuck off forever? Stand-up comic. This has turned into a resource management game. Lemonade Tycoon! Oh. Yes, lifeboat. Is there a-- Or we could just leave the boat out in the ocean a little bit and take the skiff in. Super into it. I have a thought. There was something we used to do and sometimes I'd get hired to do in my town. A little bit of subterfuge. If we wanted to try and-- Well, this one's a little bit more under the surface. In fact, quiet is the key. We used to do little whisper campaigns. Just going into bars, pubs. Start talking a little bit loudly about the pirate crew and Captain Jawgrasp and the hell that he unleashed on the docks the other night. Fuck it, he's dead. Yeah. I don't even think we'd throw our name in the mix. Never mention ourselves, just-- Build a narrative. Start talking just a little bit louder than what you should in public. Maybe whispering to some bartenders. Well, my thought was if we split up a little bit, you guys focus on hiring a crew, someone else focus on spreading some words. Can we slowly in shifts navigate towards a cove? Fuck me. Sounds insane. We can always pull in the ship really fast to load on the crew and then peace out? Let's sleep. So tired. (laughs) Yes. You're asking everyone. Oh no. Not for the Mistake. Maybe burn the flag? Ooh. Jester, you have a disguise kit, right? Would you do my makeup for me? Could you disguise me? (whispering) Whisper campaign. I thought we fixed-- did we fix that? Did we fix the black sphere? We always make these plans and then abandon them. Good call. I hand off 20 gold to Caleb. Here. Here's for hiring crew. You're with me on the whisper campaign? That's what I'm talking about. Can you be a cook? Wait, are we at a bar or something? If we stop at any bars along the way (whispering) whisper campaign. Okay. I'll do deception. Natural 20. I disseminate that these ruffian pirates, coming in, messing up our nice and peaceful Nicodranas again. I heard it was that Captain Jawgrasp. He came in and he deceived his own crew, and he murdered them all in a plot of vengeance and greed, and then he took the boat, and he went off on his own. Succeeded? Yeah! We're already great! Yeah. Oh yeah! It was so dark, but the sails seemed black like the heart of Captain Jawgrasp. Just like his soul. Yeah. Maybe this-- We got to come up with something better than green-skinned dwarf. That's not a real thing. Ooh. This is getting so complicated with each layer! That's true. She drove the captain mad with the vengeance-- Yeah. Now her spirit lives on, and she is haunting sailors, looking for her long-lost lover! I'm just saying. Spooky coincidences. We, once again, put misinformation out about the boat. What it looked like. I think it was Orly. Let's go get Orly. Should we say, "We're The Mighty Nein, we met you the other night"? No, maybe not. (shouting) A week?! Yes. We did it. Can I assist him with counting as they go by? I keep sharpening it, and it's just shit-- Mine and Matt's wedding rings are rose gold. Take your gold and leave. Well, I mean, it looks like there's not a main trade route. Both hands, or just one? Yeah! We have a thing. Caduceus, do you actually even know what you're looking for? So you came with us because we thought we were a sign? And now you're looking for the next sign. When we fully get out of the reach of the land, by the way, as we're sailing away, I just want to keep an eye out on the horizon and be like Professor! See if I see him. I throw some dead pigeon or seagull in the air. Nope. Seven. I'll go. Individually, yeah? Perception? Natural one. Yeah, that's just a photo opportunity. I'm leaning on the edge and I just go Caleb, this is boring. It's just blue. Jester's more interesting to look at. No. Don't give me that much credit yet, I still could. What? Oh my god. He doesn't look as angry as Professor Thaddeus. Is he? I poke him and see if he bites me. Everything that I touch! My hands are registered weapons! Thanks, Caleb. Thank you. Where is Yasha? I go down; is Yasha still sleeping, or is Yasha still here? (shouting) Yasha, are you still here? (shouting) Yasha's still here. Just wanted to give you a quick update. Fjord saw a thing with two wings, appeared to be humanoid, flying off the boat, and just wanted to make sure-- (shouting) Yasha's coming. I'm going to turn around and do a scan of the horizon. Do I see anything? I'll put my goggles on just in casies. Nine. Eight. Look, personal identification. Jesus. Here's my boots. Sorry. That's because Ashley's not here to roll initiative for herself. 20 for Beau. Natural 20. With a quick glance, does it look like the sail is worth trying to save any further, or is it fucked? Just with a quick glance. They look like they're still going for it? Okay. I'm going to run over and try and collapse the sail. So it's not unfurled, try and collapse it? I don't know if that's the right call. 17. Whatever's quickest. Can I take a bonus action to do Patient Defense after I do that? Caduceus is back! Kill it. Come at me, bitch. Miss. Patient Defense. Pop! It's all I have! 13. I believe that hits. This is unarmed, ooh, ten total! Okay, I'm going to use the rope that I'm holding onto, and I'm going to use that to lift myself up and do like a little swinging double-kick action to this harpy. Little Cirque du Soleil shit. Both hit. That's a 16 and a 19. Pop pop. For both of them. Eight plus five is 13 plus another six is 19. Still up? I'm going to take the rope and wrap it around my fist once and pop with my bonus action. No, Flurry of Blows. Two attacks. Pop. Pop. Let me roll for two attacks. Okay, that is 14 for one and a natural 19 for the other. Ten damage. Yep. It was better results than I expected. Yes. The deckhand one? Come on, come on. That's pretty good. Threats are all gone more or less? Glad you're not dead again, buddy. Are you saying you want to retire from adventuring life, Caleb? You're so-- why are you so stiff? We've only done this once before, Caleb. It's still weird, I just want to point that out. Okay, let go of me. Get off, yeah. He wants his dead people tea. Seeing Nott butcher the harpy, I go Ooh! I look in my pocket and I pull out owl Frumpkin. Is owl Frumpkin okay? Hey! Sorry about that. Back in my pocket. I make his head dance a little bit. Come on. Me and Yasha help with the barrel-train. I miss my druid. With what?! What? It's fabric! I'll go up there and hold that safety line that you were talking about. I'm still part of the water bucket brigade. Aw. Does it look like there's a little island nearby? Does it look like they're coming or going from that island? You know that video of the monkeys throwing the raccoon? That's what I imagined. Is there anything in the sails? Any flags, iconography? My perception checks have been garbage. Six. Weren't we on boats for our first Gen Con liveshow? That's actually a good thing. We were trying to figure out what to wear! We do the cast of South Pacific. Yeah! Can the ladies be pirates? I mean, I know you can two-day ship any type of-- Yeah. Especially ones that look like for sex role play. You can get tons of those. I was going to say, it was the high school pilot outfit.