I would have been like "Nah. We can't. That can't--" We got that picture and we used it in the first season to shame him in the very first episode. The new season is going to be great! They were a thing before Kindle overran them. To be determined says a member of-- I think we wanted to do it, yeah, more efficiently. Good, close. Asinine. One of our new shows where we debate about really dumb shit. Yeah? Considering Signal Boost has been on hiatus for six months. It doesn’t matter. No, please do it, go for it. We wanted to just take a break, sometimes we move on. This is actually a good question. This is a good question because a lot of people will be like "Why did you cancel this show?" "Why did you cancel that show?" The answer is there are 1000 reasons why you could and maybe cancel a show and each show is going to be like unique in its own way. It might be because you didn’t come on the show. No, honestly, we wanted to mix it up a little bit. Culture shock. We're all doing pretty different things. It’s like I don't know how to D&D anymore and it's scary. It was so fun! Oh my god! I did all right. Poor Taliesin. It’s been nothing but jokes! I said it looked like he was ending a second year of finishing school. Didn't you use him to scare some poor merchant or something once? I mean it was answered actually in the question. Yeah. It was a combination of you giving your seal of approval and Pike being like, "Hey girl, someday we're going to die and you're going to regret not loving somebody!" I was like "Aw shit, she's right." That was basically it. Actually I think what she said was, "You should just have fun." I guess it is what she said. That's a good question. I thought we did a Talks forever and ever ago. She's dead. But I guess we don't know how she died. Like a mermaid pirate. She's a mermaid pirate. That’s actually kind of awesome. Oh yeah, that's right, all they did is discover the leg. That would be kind of rad. LAURA and We just open a B&B, it's great. Oh, yeah, because you actually had to do the little-- Oh, look at that, look at that! (laughter) Yeah, I felt like the whole time we were doing the photo shoot, because it was like a house in the Valley, I'm like, "Oh, they're going to think this is the weirdest porn." (laughter) Throwback! We can’t even get through that question without 30 jokes! Yeah, you would have had those nice curvy tree hips. Yeah. Ulrich? You got grappled in that, not Kevdak, the beholder. K'varn, thank you. Yeah, you got stuck for most of it? You were just rolling so bad. I remember that. Should have broken out, man. Good thing Pike was there. Your crown jewels saved me when I jumped off a cliff. That was great. We loosely talked about this? Yeah, we said they franchised it. The next place would be Emon. 100%. Well, part of my Honey Heist game, that was part of the whole easter egg because it was a year or two after everything had closed. I don't think we ever actually got into this. Part of the prize for winning the honey contest was that you'd be able to sell your baked goods and your honey tax-free. Remember Vex being like "We have to go win this shit, and then open up our next chain--" Yeah, in Westruun. I think, in my head, we were trying to start making a name for ourselves as the Slayer's Cake in Westruun. Oh my-- MARISHA and It doesn't work anymore. Yeah, we got there at like ten and we went until like ten. Big bear! How was your shower and walking the dogs? That was good? Okay, cool. (as Vex) I'm such a hazard. Hey, I have a question. What would've happened had we not told the Clasp to-- the half of us, that I got blamed for-- not told the Clasp to fuck off? That thing that all but two of us agreed to, but I got yelled at by Percy. Yeah, that one. But they wanted access to the city and other levels of the government in exchange. I felt like it wasn't our call to be like, "Yeah, we can give you Vasselheim." Keyleth still lingers on in my soul. Where are you going with this? Bacon de Rolo? Yeah, you’ve answered this. Oh my god, that was so good. It was pretty gnarly. Pretty gnarly. I fulfilled my promise. Right? I guess. I mean-- Kerrek killed her. It was fitting, as kind of my mentor. Yeah, it's good. Oh, I have a question. What's with the sphinxes and why didn't they live together anymore? So sad, they were spouses and then they were separated. Yeah, I was going to say, they Skype. Sphexting? Really? That's like winning the superfecta at the Kentucky Derby. If you had a prize pool for that, oh man, be a lot of money. It's true! Do you know how much money the superfecta pays up? Whatever, fuck you guys, it's a big deal, it's millions. Fucking mint julep? No? Let's go down Whiskey Road, you guys, let's go on the bourbon tour.