Yeah, Let me see if I can beat you to that. And you can get $3 off your subscription with code 'criticalrole'. Also, the Dear Vox Machina article series has been going on on Friday nights. Wait, whose came out last? I think mine's coming out tomorrow. I think Keyleth is tomorrow. You should probably turn yours in. You should probably do your work. Jeez, fucking slackers. Galavanting in Hawaii. And then your first episode of Signal Boost went live on Tuesday. Don't burn yourself! Good, I'm glad! I'm glad you're not totally embarrassed. It's very fun, the internet loves you. It's uncanny. Bees are great. Bees or die. Oh, they're very nice. They're sweet. That's it. No one else added anything else. It's so good. Every time zone! Once an hour on the hour! What time is it? And not to be confused with MacCready. Yeah, you got the cornerstone. McCree, MacCready, and then what is the name of your character in Evolve, which is also a cyber space cowboy? It's so good, you guys. You could adjust the boom. Ermagerd, querstions! Offscreen, I guess? Outside of 'Cows and Consequences'? The bard went full-on Theon Greyjoy style? Can mine be from Mansions of Madness? Can mine be from board games? I'm partial to the time where I was playing as Ashcan Pete, who's my favorite character to play as in any Cthulhu universe. I was down to one hit point, had lost my weapon, and was hiding in a chest. And I popped out of a chest and punched a shoggoth and killed him. The old hobo jack-in-the-box technique! And it was great, and I'll never forget it. Ashcan! Who can? Ashcan! I want to see, is there a Barovia travel poster out there? Someone has to have made something like that, right? Yeah. "Come visit sunny Barovia!" Yeah, Keyleth has a hard time killing the scum of the earth. So no. I have a good one. This is from @CaraKiriyama on Twitter, "If the characters "hadn't found each other and formed Vox Machina, what do you think they'd be doing instead?" Keyleth might be dead. Keyleth would try and continue on her Aramente, by herself if she had to, maybe find other people to pal around with along the way. She tagged along with you guys because she was afraid that she'd die out there alone, which, once again, probably would've. You started salivating almost. (laughter) @LChow on Twitter says, "Who comes up with and assigns the episode titles?" I think this is a funny story. Mainly, they come out organically. Like "At Dawn, We Plan." We all walk out and go like, "Well, that's the title." We do most everything ourselves. I would cry so much. It's not like we have a plan. I think people assume we have plans. It's such an Urban Outfitter inspirational poster "Our stories are never over." (laughter) One of these days, me and you, our ideals are going to come to a crashing head. Oh, yeah, yeah.MARISHA,  Don't., TALIESIN, TALIESIN We all felt like such assholes about that. We were all like, wow, that was dumb. That would've been a good idea. Hey. Similar kinds of things happened with the dragon, though, where it was like, this is going well, this is going pretty well-- oh, shit. Once again, internet, I think-- everyone's like, well, pretty much everything that could've went wrong did. That pretty much-- We did pretty well, considering. But we have him on the run. Someone asked a question, when are you getting shirts on Geek and Sundry that says 'Your 'Fun Is Wrong'? I think 'You Can Certainly Try' is next. Someone asked if Keyleth was a vegetarian. Again, no. She's not. She's a druid. She just acts like it. (laughter) Well, it's online, Grandma. It's online. No, no, it's not like on TV. I feel like some of them are apparent, right? Our biggest fault. I guess her tragic flaw? Extreme self-loathing and guilt. Fairly transparent on that one there, I think. Yeah, Keyleth pretty much hates everything she does and feels worthless. Yeah. We're all degenerates. We're all fuck-ups. Here's a question that I actually get a lot. This was from @tiamat_zx on Twitter. Why was Keyleth hostile towards Kima in the past? In the very beginning? Yeah. You can't trust her shifty eyes. No, a lot of it's starting to slowly be revealed now, actually, I feel like. But Keyleth doesn't trust really any type of religious establishment. It's not necessarily where she comes from, and I think she's had a few bad experiences. Enough in the past to where she's seen the corruption of a church. And at the time, Kima was full-heartedly running into a blaze of glory and death and we were sent there to go grab her with really no other lead on who she actually was or what she actually wanted. I didn't trust that. Right. And I think we happened to have two personality types. Like, Keyleth and Kima had two personality types that butted heads. That's mainly most of it. I'm the awkward, unlikeable one. I get it. About fighting the dragon? They're going to be so angry at us, those dragons. I feel like it'd be like transferring high schools, and you're the new kid in class, walking in for the first time, and you're like, "Hey." I've had that legitimate fear, because when we came into this, we were already two years into our characters, and I was like, jeez, it took us a while to find them and make them as deep and complex as they are. I feel like he's feeding us hints. Who are you, the chat room? Yeah, we're mature adults, I think. Okay, I will say that Liam and I walked away, we were like, "Wait. No one flinched at a "Scanlan and Pike scene." No one flinched. Hey, stings! They're not here. I'll answer for Laura. Wink. Wink. Wink. You will never be those protesters outside of Comic-Con. Someone said, I think it's supposed to be @Alkie on Twitter, "How did Mary Elizabeth and "other guests come about? Are you friends with them and they just wanted to join?" "Are they friends and wanted to join?" I love that, in classic Windows fashion, the tablet decided to update and restart in the middle of all this, so we don't have access to the chat anymore. @NerdyEquestrian on Twitter "Is there something growing between Vex and Percy?" There's a lot of who-are-you-guys-jonesing-for questions about the two of you. I desperately want to know what's in the letter. Windows decided to update. It's not your fault. A lot of people think I'm leading Vax on. That's good. I want to go off the map! There's so much to do. Grog. No holds barred. Like, zero fucks. Kill shit. It's great. He's like the polar opposite of Keyleth. It would be such a nice palate cleanser. It would be so nice. To be able to be reckless and not care. Break people's necks whenever I want to. Must be nice being Grog. And look at how much we all hate ourselves. Oh! We've got to find Sokka a master! Got to find you your own sword! He's also very deep. I don't think any of us have looked at him as a one-dimensional character. Also someone was asking if he was based off of a real person. And we were friends first, which is how they always say you should do it. (laughter) Someone was asking for you to explain where the College of the Maestro came from. @ChaoticNachos on Twitter asks "What shirt are you wearing, Liam?" This is the X-Files shirt. This is when X-Files came back. How did I miss that? Is that like a thing that's been happening, because I missed that. @CmdrDara on Twitter says, "How do I get my fellow party members to not be murderhobos?" And what happens if your fellow party members are murderhobos and you're not? That is true. Yeah. Well, I was going to say, I think Keyleth has her blind guidance, that I don't think she's aware-- like, her positive effect that she has on Vox Machina, that I don't think she's even aware of, that I think she-- because Keyleth is under the assumption that she's constantly ignored and that people are like, not-- No. Right! No, I know! I know that, but she's-- I don't think she realizes the influences that-- I don't think she actually realizes the power of her influence that she actually can wield for the better. No. Pike gets close. Pike has gotten close a few times with Grog, with her-- you're like, one look, man. One look, Grog. Because Ashley made a Keyleth killing a child joke, now I got the questions, "Were there "ramifications for Keyleth killing the child?" Yeah. Hey, sorry you killed a child. Oh god, oh god! Well, I pretty much did the same thing, too, when I accidentally killed the half-dead dwarf as Minxie by picking him up by the neck when we were in the Underdark. Yeah, I picked him up by the scruff and he had one hit point left. It was just enough. That was where the "I try so hard and I'm the worst" came from. Yeah, Keyleth's the worst. She's-- Go to sleep. Go to sleep. It'll be over soon. (laughter) No, it was great. It was Dominate Plants. During Pathfinder days. You know, I like-- believing in the what I like to call the Community zodiac, as in Dan Harmon's Community, and Keyleth is definitely the Britta of the Community zodiac. She's Britta. Make it a good one! Keyleth is totally Britta. See? Community fanart? Crossover Community fanart? Someone said, "What's worse, doors or dragons?" That's a pretty good question. Yeah, this is about the time where I'm like, do I need glasses? Yeah. Someone asked if Umbrasyl was suicidally depressed yet. Regretted a decision in character or while DMing? Go. So many. I know. All the time. Yeah. Oh no. Fuck you, Kilgrave. Well, I get angry at Keyleth sometimes for not being more assertive. And then there's some times that I want to say things as Marisha for Keyleth, but I'm like, no, she wouldn't. She would be bowled over right now and she would go with it. So there's several times where I'm like, (inhale) fuck! Why couldn't you speak up? And then there's some times where the game moves faster than we can keep up with it, and sometimes you're like, I want this to happen. God, there have been three separate times where I've wanted to come knock on your door and it (snaps) the game rolls past it. Yeah, theater etiquette. I remember, and the audience noticed it, and they were like, if they don't come back to this moment-- I came over, and I sat down and I said-- we were in a tavern, and I said Keyleth puts her head on Vax. She leans her head on Vax. And then Gilmore walked in. No, it was literally like a fucking bar scenario. I was like, "Oh, there's Gilmore. Got to go." (laughter) Yeah, can't sync up. Cannot. So much Ross and Rachel. Oh my god. So Ross and Rachel. Oh, and to Greg who says Keyleth probably regrets not reading her spells, and I'm going to join Ashley and speak for you, even though you're not asking for it. We have a lot of fucking spells, man! You're so stressed! Well, and people don't understand either, along with DM rule-bending, we don't necessarily know how you're going to interpret the spell. There's a ton of things like Mist Form that I didn't know how it was going to act in the moment and it didn't mean I didn't read it. I read all of my spells hundreds of times. I have hundreds. I have hundreds, and I've read all of them and I will try them in the moment and sometimes they'll work in my favor and sometimes they won't. I don't always know. Is it really? Wait, did you say Matrix? I haven't heard that in a while. Are these mine? Yeah-- Oh my god, you guys. Where am I? This is ridiculous. Already? So soon. 18. 18. (groans) Natural one. Second luck down already. Damn. 29. (groans) Every damn time. (laughter) All right, so bonus action is different than a free action, right? Okay. As my action, I am going to cast Sunbeam. And I guess since Percy's the one in my line of sight, I am going to be beaming it right at Percy. 19. Fucking balls! MATT and (counting) 38 halved. That is true. As a bonus action, I'm going to cast Grasping Vine-- sorry, Percy. That is true. Never mind then. I'm going to go earth elemental. And I am going to sink into the ground. Okay, I come up really fast. This is happening fast! In that case-- I'm happy where I am. I'll stay there. What do I have to roll? I took 35 damage-- yeah, I am good. 15. That hits. Okay, piercing is halved for me? 11. 17. Seven. Ugh. Three. As an earth elemental? Plus five. So eight. 14. Yeah, she makes it. But I'm partially covered. Hits. Is that halved? Is that magic or no? So 30? Hiding is poorly explained in the Player's Handbook, honestly. Yeah. It's great. What about me? No? It's my turn again already? Wow. Okay. That changes everything. Fucking fuck. I still have Sunbeam. Sorry, that changed my whole plan. Sorry, Pike. Whenever I blast. I'm going to flip around here. Fling! Sunbeam blast Pike. Constitution! So I lost Sunbeam. But I rolled higher than half? So I always have to beat a ten? That sucks. You're sure it's not the other way? Okay. That changes things again. Okay. This is a lava pool right here? Fuck it. I'm going to come here because I do double damage to rock things. I'm going to smash this open. I want to smash that wall. 16 plus whatever I do against-- what do I roll? It's just a regular attack? It's just a regular attack. Then I'm adding plus five, so 22. No, 21. Hang on. It's plus eight to hit, so it was actually more. 2d8 plus five. I double the dice? So I roll two more? Oh, I double the whole thing. Ten plus five. 30 damage! With that, I am going to back up, move, and tuck here behind this wall. With my earthglide as well. Oh fuck! Tensions are so high, you guys. I'm still an earth elemental. Shit. This keeps happening. I have not cast Sunbeam since you told me I-- You can face it away. I'm going to do something similar and I'm going to move and I'm going to go bam and slam into that one. Come over here, reach, you know? Okay. That's good. It's a plus eight. 14. Shit. 18 damage. Okay, I'm going to do my second attack, then. Bam. That's much better. That's a 16 plus eight. All right. Also much better damage. So that's 13 plus five, 18, so that is 36. Okay. And then I move back and I hide again. Just walking, 30. If I'm earthgliding, 60. Well then I'll stay there, I guess. Oh no! 4d10? Holy balls. Oh, shit. Whoa, you made good ground. As he says it out loud! 29? What about over here? Can I turn and see if I can spot Vax? Oh, cool. Awesome. Okay. I want to see if I can sense Vax with my tremor sense. Can I do that? Yeah. I wasn't sure if it would actually work. Here it says I have tremor sense, but I use my own perception, because it's mind-based. This is so nerve-wracking. I can feel my blood pressure going through the roof. 60 feet. I'm going to beat Vax's face in. Even with the tremor sense? (deep voice) I love you! (laughter) Second attack, even worse! It's a two. Oh, that's fun to know. That's fun. Doesn't matter. No. Three. Terrible! I rolled fucking terribly. I'm going to go (deep voice) Hug! Hug! We kind of paired off, you guys. I've literally successfully split the battlefield in half. At least I've accomplished something. I am Pike from your nightmares. Hex faded on me, correct? So I don't have disadvantage anymore on my strength rolls? Every little bit helps. But don't I get advantage because it's an attack of opportunity? First one was a 16. Second one was a six, which isn't great, so that's 14. Okay. What are you looking for? What about me and my tremor sense? That's so good to know that that's how that works. (singing) Secrets, secrets, secrets don't make friends. Can I hear where Vax is? Okay. What do I do now? As an earth elemental, I want to bust down this little wall right here. Well, I'm going to do right here. I don't want to tear down the whole wall. I just want to tear down a section of it. All right. Let's try it. 14. (singing) Tiny dancer in my hand. (punching) (laughter) That's a one for the first one, so negative. The second one's a 19. That is 22 points total. I want to back up, just kind of tuck a bit. You rolled a fuckton, and twos and threes! Being the person who died first last time, I know it sucks. At least it wasn't a Finger of Death like five minutes in. Okay, I want to very carefully step forward here. Ooh, yeah, 15. Can I sense Vax again, or anybody else for that matter? Yeah. "You're my friends!" I want to drop my earth elemental form. Kind of guess. Well, guessing, I want to do a Flaming Sphere. Doing it 4th-level, why not? Wait, I need to-- I'm trying to keep track of two different sets here, from my real game and from this fake game. Sorry, sorry, sorry. Correct. 60-foot range, 4d6? I want to go (explosion) in this corner. How big is it? Oh, it's only a five-foot diameter? I'm guessing there. Sure, I'll ram it into Vax now that I can see him. Uh-huh. And I'm going to tuck behind this wall and see if I can hide. I'll tuck behind the wall at least. All the fire! Fucking fuck. I have no idea where Vax is, do I? Right. If I peek around this wall, can I see Pike? Yeah. So no one's visible? Whatsoever? I still have my Sphere up. I don't know where anyone is. Fucking fuck. I don't know what I would do aside from something defensive at this point. I didn't take Faerie Fire today. Let me go ahead-- I do have Sleet Storm that I learned. I think it's just an instant, let me see really quick. 20-foot-tall cylinder. 40-foot radius, 20-foot tall, 150-foot range. Last I saw Vax was over here? I'm going to do here. Here? I kind of want to get Pike. Well then, sure, let's do-- what's this? (counting) Let's do here-ish. (counting) Yeah, it's right here. Anything in that area has to make a dexterity saving throw. Or make a spell save DC or lose your concentration as well. Can I tuck back against the wall? Is it versus my spell DC? I still have the Sleet Storm up, right? 30, right? Ooh, natural 19. I just keep it up. Pike still hasn't really moved, right? She's still in her same position. Okay, I want to peer around this corner and see if I can spot Vax. Would I theoretically see that happening through this wall crack? Yeah, it's my turn. First, I want to peer through the wall and see if I see Vax at all. So, since I don't see Vax-- Has there been a 20? Okay. It's a decision on if I want to-- I'm afraid if I do a Fire Storm and if I mock out to Pike, if that would be considered metagaming if I knew where she is. Do I have an idea of where she is? I don't want to be a dick, I don't want to break the game. Let me-- I'll just leave up my Sleet Storm, I guess. I'm going to do a Wall of Stone spell, and I want to block off here. And can I do another column to block off here? I want to leave a nice gap here, if I can. Can I do that? Is he in the room with me? I'm going to be really upset if he's in the room with me. Oh, and I tuck back against the wall. Yes, I've always wanted to do this spell, yes, do it! It's not our style, so we can't do it in the real game. Is that a natural one? Doesn't he also have some sort of poison from Insect Plague, or something like that? Rough. That's a pretty shitty roll, though. Would that affect Pike, too? On her move. Sleet Storm. Oh, the Guardian is not concentration? That's dope. Holy fuck, that's dope. You've rolled so much, and you haven't done anything. It totally is. I should have fucking packed Faerie Fire, that was stupid. It lights up everything. I took Cure Wounds and Thunderwave and Healing Word instead for my 1st-level spells. It's a really good 1st-level spell. He disappears over here through this wall? Into bugs, into bugs, into bugs, bugs, bugs. Totally with you there. Okay, hang on a second. Hang on, hang on. Sorry, I'm double-checking something before I do something stupid. Okay. I'm going to pop around the corner, and I'm going to do Fire Storm all up where I think there's bitches. So since I saw Vax go this way and a bunch of action and a bunch of insects over here, I'm going to start it here. I'll probably try and get this corner, too. Cube. MATT and Yeah. (counting) Dex. Just Pike? That's 7d10. (laughter) Ooh. 24. 34. 43 plus another five. 48 points of fire damage. Apparently 13. Critrolestats is the only one we trust. Hiding again. And I'm still maintaining my Ice Storm. Just sucking up in that pocket against the wall. 48. We're so frustrating against ourselves. Seemed like a good idea at the time. Never give her the ring. Are you talking about my spell slot ring of holding, my level five spell slot ring holding? Well, it would mean you would have a 4th-level and you could have a level one. I took your cloak, so I technically have your cloak from-- if we're going from the last game. It's normally my ring. There were two rings. We got a 5th-level that kept, and then there was a lower level-- There was a 3rd-level that I might have given you. No, it's just we actually get to see chat. Where the fuck are you? Because you're not in my fucking Fire Storm. He wasn't in my-- son of a dick. I'm not your friend, buddy. I'm not your friend, pal. Well, it takes a while for them to catch up. I'm not pristine. I've taken sneak-attack damage. Which hurt badly. Keyleth is up. Okay. Keyleth is going to peek around the corner. I can see Pike, right? I can't see Pike through this? Oh. Solid wall. I can't see anybody. Great. Great. I thought I was going to be able to see her. Was Sleet Storm dropped? So he still has to make dex checks, right? So does she. And so concentrations, I should remember it, and I did. Okay. I can't see anybody through my window, then. Right? I died really quickly last time. I didn't want to-- But that's the thing, it's the guessing game. I don't have a lot of AOEs at this point. Actually, you know what? I brought Tidal Wave. Where was the last action that I saw? I saw shit go down over here? Okay, so the last thing that I realistically saw was insects and-- Okay, let me peek around the corner. Can I do a quick perception check to see if I can spot any movement or-- If I can't see anybody, I can't do anything. I don't have line of sight, and I literally burned my AOE spell that I brought for the day. Such a dick. I'm going to cast Cure Wounds, a level two Cure Wounds on myself, because I can't see shit. That's true. That's true. I never do that because I'm a melee person. Well, let me just cure myself since I already said I was going to do it. So I'm going to roll a 2nd-level Cure Wounds, which is-- and then I'm going to tuck back behind my wall, because that's where I'm happy, in my box. Level two. But concentration spell? Burn burn burn. It totally is. If Waldo was a serial killer. That would be phenomenal. Like a Freddy Krueger Where's Waldo. Again? Already? Okay, I'm going to peek around my corner. Do I see anybody? Another perception check. I'm going to peek through my wall of my hole that I've made. It's an action? 27 to see where the fuck you are. I'm looking through this wall. Then I prepare a Blight spell, and I hold. Until I see either Pike or Vax appear in my view. Nobody move! Come out, come out, wherever you are. Are you just fucking hiding, motherfucker? Are you just waiting this out? Are you camping right now? Are you being a fucking camper? I'm going to do another scan to see if I can find the motherfucker. My same hole! And then probably nothing. 18. Okay, someone's got to do something here. Let me see. What do I have in my bag? Papa's got a brand new bag. I am going to-- I still have a Blight spell prepared, right? So I put it away? I'm going to crawl out of the wall here. Crawl over. This is still lava flow, correct? All right, here's what I want to do, then-- I didn't realize it would stretch that far. Okay, I'm going to-- sorry, there's a lot going on. I'm trying to figure it out! I don't have a whole lot! I'm going to cast a Tidal Wave. I'm going to leave my sleet spell up, I guess. I will cast a Tidal Wave, which is in this thing, ten feet wide, ten feet tall. 30-foot long. Anywhere in a 20-foot radius, so I can see here, correct? I want to do it going this way. Here, where I can see, and going this way. Yeah, it's instantaneous so my thing is still up. Fail. 4d8, so that's eight, 16, 17. Wait, 4d8? 17. That's my turn. And I'm going to tuck back up against my wall. Sleet Storm is still up! Sleet Storm! Sleet Storm! 28 is such a great roll, too. (whispering) Show your face. You dickhead. You dick. Okay. I'm going to pop around the corner again. Do I see Pike at all? I just broke the fucking pen. I just did a Travis. I'm going to do another-- It sucks when you can't see people. It really fucking sucks. I am going to Call Lightning, I guess. (quietly) No, not really. Okay. Okay, I'll drop it. I am going to bring it down here. Do we see Vax now? Simon! Oh, hey, bud! Hey, friend, what's up? Oh, no, what's the matter, you lost? You lost, Simon? Oh, don't worry, bud, we're going to get out of this okay. Whoa, fuck! Okay, so the walls are coming in. Do I see a floating weapon? No? I don't see the floating Sarenrae weapon or anything? Okay. I am going to-- Okay, I dropped my Sleet Storm. I am now going to come through and come here. Do I see Vax at all? I'm going to do another perception check. Negative. A two. I've been rolling terribly. So we're trying, now the lava's caving in-- I'm going to just hold Blight. I'm going to hold my action and see if I see Pike or Vax. Blight, or Call Lightning. Well, I'm holding my attack action. It depends on how close they are. Well, I have Call Lightning up as a concentration spell, and Blight is an instant action. If I see Pike, I will Call Lightning. If I see Vax, I will Blight. I have my Wall of Stone up here and here. Sure, right. Hey, baby. Okay. Low rolls. Ten, 13-- 28 damage. (high-pitched) Sorry! This is like a nightmare I had. (laughter) Okay. Vax is down? How sadistic do I want to be? In typical Keyleth fashion, I walk up to Vax, and I say, so sorry, I'm so sorry, and I push him into the lava. (laughter) Wait, wait wait. I'll never let go. I'll never let go, Vax! That was gnarly. I still have a move and a bonus? Yeah, I know. I move over there and still have a bonus, right? All right. I am going to Healing Word myself. Yeah, I'm just going to do first-level here, just to top me off. Four! That sounds horrible. I don't even know what that is. 14d6? All of them. Roll them all at once. Yes! Just go out to the parking lot? Take our shirts off. (rage sound) Stop pulling my hair! 31 points. Right? Or 95 minus 44. I way overcompensated. 51, not 31. Okay, so first I want to do, just as my action, a Call Lightning right onto Pike. The first natural 20 of the night! 22. Halved, 11. Now I want to use my bonus action to cast Blight. Or, sorry, no, to cast Grasping Vine. I fucking love lava, by the way. If I can do it here... That's true. It's not a grapple. It's like a pool party wrestling match. Slide! Now slide, now slide. Now dip, baby, dip. I'll take athletics for that. 14. Oh, hot. Oh, hot hot hot. I'm alive, I'm alive. A 7th-level spell? You have a bonus action 7th-level spell? What the fuck? (sarcastically) Oh, my strongest points! Plus three. Nine. 16. Oh! Shut up! I'm in the lava just screaming bloody murder. Had you rolled a few points higher on that lava, she would have been dead. Or had I rolled higher on my Lightning. Oh, I totally did say that, didn't I? If it makes you feel better, I kind of forgot about it, between now and then. (laughter) So, wait, I have a question. My armor has spell resistance, which gives me advantage on saving throws? But that wouldn't have helped against her thing, just now? But I didn't have to roll to save. Oh my God, it was a charisma saving throw! I would have had advantage! It's already happened. I rolled an 18! Plus three, so 21. Yeah, because I have the Ring of Protection. I gain a plus two bonus to AC and saving throws. What my armor does, yeah. So I would have saved against that? Fucking fuck! A 21. I would have saved. At some point, yeah, I'm sure. Man, that's funny. Had I saved, my next move was going to be a thunder blast, to try and push you into the lava. It came very close! She would have had to come back. Back up with one hit point, and then would have done it again. Cleric victory! Clerics are badass in general. You guys did a lot of damage to my stone form up front, but someone almost brought me down. I was at six hit points and I stayed at six hit points for a long time. Yeah, you were about to drop me. I ended up dropping it myself because at this point it was turning into a Mexican standoff and I couldn't do anything, and I can't cast spells when I'm in an earth elemental form. I was just running out of options. I was down to the wire, because I burned 7th-level on Firestorm, 6th-level on Sunbeam, which only did half damage on him once, so that wasn't great. I still had a 5th-level spell left, and one 4th-level. I burned through all my 3rd-levels. And it'll be an eight-hour fight! Sam would be tough to square off against. He'd be another one to get me down to the wire. It's tough, too, because a lot of it comes down to order, after a while. It comes down to turn order. It all balances out. If I hear one more "Read Your Spells," people, I am going to murder somebody. No more! No more read your spells or read your sheets. There's a lot to keep track of! This is my binder. Look at all this! Yeah, it's not like I have three full-time jobs.