Like half rat, half person. I love how that's part of the announcements, though, you try to-- In fact, maybe now's a good time to hearken back to your episode one announcement, because it's been almost 50 since you've made the announcement that you like to house rule a lot of stuff. Yeah! We leave next week. Along with those giveaways, with Lootcrate I did an Espionage nail-wrap tutorial and Jamie hooked me up and gave me a few Critical Hit nail wraps. Yeah, you can go see how easy and awesome it is. Actually, someone asked me at the Con this weekend if I was a paid sponsor, like paid promoter for Espionage. And the answer is no. Ashley Johnson and I actually, legitimately, really love their products and are huge fans. I'm just a legit fan. I think I tweeted the link yesterday. I'm going to go tweet it out and go check out Espionage Cosmetics. They're great. I have some on right now. No, that's not paint. They're these. They're nail wraps and you stick them on. They're like stickers and you put clear coat on them and they last two weeks. I could, yeah. I could. You want to demonstrate? I need a nail file. I demonstrate in the tutorial. But they're really great! And actually do make some for dudes, as well. They make some that are like gender neutral. Yeah. Semantics. All right. So good. Hey, where's Wendy? We could bring Wendy out. MATT and She also did all the art for the Winter's Crest Festival. We're getting a chair for you. Here you go, scooch up a little bit. Do it all at once, damn it! Does it need to be that clear? Nothing. Yeah, how do they mean? Clearly not. I guess I sometimes try and go back and watch the end of the last episode so I can remember where we were. Yeah! I also have all my spells on little cards. I've got a few spell references I've got the book, cards, and spreadsheets. I have dry erase markers and my notebooks, endless notebooks. I've become the token party notetaker of the group. "Uh, by the way!" See, I have a bunch of people shouting spells at me that I should do, that I may or may not have learned because druids work-- do druids work like clerics where we learn spells at the top of the day? Do clerics work like that? Like 17. Well, I can choose 17 that I have total, and then I have four 1st-level spell slots, three 2nd-level, three 3rd-level, three 4th-level, two 5th-level, one 6th-level and one 7th-level that I can use. So, theoretically, I could learn ten level four spells, but I only have three slots that I can use of those ten. So I have 17 spells that I can learn that I can pull from my entire list, which is like 100 spells, but I have to balance it out. So I have four 1st-level spell slots that I can burn, so I try to pick three to four first level spells that I learn at the top of the day. So when people are shouting at me over the internet going, "Keyleth, Polymorph Trinket! "Polymorph him!" I don't necessarily have it learned. I have to learn every time at the top of the day. I saw someone ask if Wendy was going to play with us. We seem to become more committed, maybe. We try not to dick around in between. At home, we'd go, "Hang on, I've got to go. Can we take 45 minutes for a break?" I think we were pretty selfish in wanting to entertain ourselves. I feel like all that was there before the show. That was all there. I still remember the camera guys were like, "All right, Diesel, sit in frame." He was like (thud) and the camera guy's like, "Let me just scoot the camera back a little bit, adjust "the focus." Even the people who get heated or upset, they're getting heated and upset at our imaginary characters that we made up in our heads, so at the end of the day, it's still working. We're still affecting them. It makes them feel that. Beyond that-- I know you guys, you were saying you talk with Kit and Meg all the time, and we were having the conversation not long ago. All of our official artists thus far, one's in Los Angeles, one's in the UK, in London, one is in-- where's Joma? The Philippines. The other's in the Philippines. He's in Sweden. All of our official artists have been on different continents, which is crazy. Yeah, Mikandi's in the Middle East. That's right. And two days later, the Hollywood Pantages tweeted, "Scanlan just walked the red "carpet." The Pantages. Whoever runs social for Pantages watches Critical Role. Which is very jarring when you're drenched in sweat, and you're like, (untz untz untz). Someone's like, "D&D?" and you're like-- I feel really sober now. Someone asked would you recommend playing a game with friends or finding a group made up of strangers? We had a text thread going. We had a few different options that we were floating around. I think Charisma Save was being tossed around, but someone else already had that. We were trying to do something around Dice Box, or Dice Tube or something. (laughter) We had a few different ones. I have an art question, so while Wendy is here, from Carbacca. Hey, Matt and the gang What scenes do you think you could describe or even act out-- that's not going to happen-- from before the stream that you would like to see drawn by us crazy fan artists, because there would be no "new mewments"-- no new moments this week. No nude movements. Artists need something to draw. Pre-stream. And we tried to interrogate him, because we were hoping he would know stuff-- He was like, "I'm a cow. I don't know shit." Two years' worth. Yeah, in the fetal position. It was really sad. We always remember the time we discovered the magic carpet, too, because that was so good. It was so epic. Allura's tower, which we've seen now happen on game, right, her tower implode? Cowboy in the sunset. Because you know Kash was Keyleth's first kiss, right? Clover's so cute. Travis, what is yours and/or Grog's favorite kill that you've had? I have someone here saying, how detailed are our notes? She just says, how detailed are your notes? I don't know if she's asking Matt or us. Why don't you go first? TPK'd? It's like trying to argue past timelines that never existed. I'm sure I have a bunch of unborn children that will never happen. I don't know why I said it. Going off that, Maelyn in the chat asked if there was any more background for Gilmore. And going off that again, StormShadow17 in chat asked, Are we more attached to these characters because we made them from scratch and they didn't come from a script? MATT and Well, my prom in eighth grade-- It's my bar mitzvah money. A friend of mine, Eric Campbell, who's been on the stream a few times, in his current D&D campaign that he's playing, he's playing a guard from Whitestone-- in our world-- who saw Vox Machina come in, do these heroic feats, and is like, I want to be like those guys. But he's got parents, a nice background. He's going to hit the road because Vox Machina inspired him, and then find out how fucking terrible and awful it is. He's real excited to be broken and beaten. He's trying to be optimistic and a hero-- The carpet took the brunt. That's right! I feel really bad for you guys, because Liam and I were like, "No!" And you're like, "What the fuck is wrong with these people?" You could feel the pain twice, like it happened twice. Do you want to answer that question? And a lot of the players get that, too, and we're on the same path. What, do you not get that, Travis? My favorite was still when we snuck in the back door of the Clasp the first time, and we were like "Knock-knock. Oh, hey, Clasp leader. Hey. What's up? We're here to decapitate you." And we didn't plan any of that and you're like, "Oh, you walk in? Let me start drawing real quick." And starts drawing things. He's like, "Clasp leader is there." It was good. Oh no, it just went dark. It's another one going off that. Ivar @mistbornelite asks, how often do we strategize outside the game? Which is never, really. It's impossible not to think about it. I'll do that. Honestly, I think more often than not, I'll be like, "Goddamn it, Percy "totally had the last word. I should have said this." I should have done this. And I'll be like, next time! But I'll spend the week being like, "Next time I see Percy, I'm going to give him a piece of "my--" And it never happens. Travis, do you think Grog is unable to be corrupted by Craven Edge due to his lower intelligence? You're too dumb to be corrupted? Is Grog convinced that it's in his head, and it's like Wilson and Tom Hanks in Castaway? He told me later he thought we'd throw it into the acid with everything else. That's some bullshit. It's such bullshit. It sucks when you're like, I'm going to burn this 5th-level spell, and it's going to be fucking amazing, and it can't fail, because the spell says-- oh, legendary resistance. Oh. What was that tweet that we got that they tagged you, me, and Liam in it, and it was like, "God, Vax's voice is so sexy. Hey, Marisha, do you ask Matt to do Vax's voice for you?" I was like-- out of everything; out of all the fan art, fanfic, now you done made it weird. That's the line right there. We found it. Only a few times. Getting the polearm in the face, I was like, really? All three attacks on Keyleth? So many whips in the atmosphere. Not too bad, though. Every game, we have people being like, "Oh shit, Matt's sleeping on the couch tonight!" And I'm like, no, it's fine. I love it so much. It's creation myth time. Even so, though, I'm generally scribbling hot words, because I can't get it all. Oh, that seems important. Key points. Someone said, Matt, how hard was it to decide to destroy the city of Emon after you spent so much time to build it? Additionally, how early in the story planning did you decide to destroy the city, and what caused you to take that route? That's crazy. Two years. He does this all the time. I don't even know anymore. I would say, good note, though please don't bring us weapons at cons. Don't gift us weapons. We've got to fly, and we have a hard time getting them home. There's no smoking on the aircraft. She hid it, I'm pretty sure. Not to be confused-- Whereas the Billion Bunny March is a bunch of strangers dressing up as bunnies and protesting The Man. Good question. Marisha, are you going to Awaken Trinket someday? No! I'm not. No, and that's my Quivering Palm question, is "Are you going to Awaken Trinket?" No. I can't, actually. Trinket is literally too smart for me to awaken him, and if I ever did, it would mean that Trinket could theoretically be like, "Oh, what? You've been my master this whole "time, Vex? Well, fuck this shit. I'm out." And I don't want to ever do that, so no! It's her bear. It's Vex's bear. Do we want to read it? The target must either have no intelligence score or an intelligence of three or less. Six. Oh. Sure. That's why we do voiceover! I was going to say, were-rat. Was that the Ravenloft campaign? Eventually, we go god hunting. Ghostbusters-style god hunting. If someone asks if you're a god-- MARISHA, MARY, and Keyleth feels some of that. It's a weird feeling sometimes. He has the limericks. He's been writing down the limericks. That's been a very new thing, though. He'll be like, "I've been listening to Top 40 more recently." That's pretty much all he said. He's like, "I'm trying to listen to the radio more." He's crazy. He's great. It's all that UCB training. His story, by the way, at this Wizard World panel. Yeah, if anyone hasn't seen the Wizard World panel, he has a story of him as Gavroche falling off the barricades, and it was in the middle of the Miami riots, back in the day, and he went to the hospital and was like, "I fell off the barricade." He's all smudgy. You have to watch him tell it, though. We can't even do it justice, but it's great. It's a good story. Remember how when we were fighting the banshees, they have an ability where they can touch you and you're down? Ghouls have a similar ability where they touch you and you're paralyzed, and you get canned. So if you split up, the divide and conquer technique is probably the worst that you could use against ghouls. Yeah, pretty much. I misunderstood the question. It was great. It worked beautifully. In real life or our characters? In real life? Red. That fire-breathing, man. Fire dragons. A chromatic dragon, just peaced-out-- So influential. I had a question scroll by, and forgive me, I didn't see the name of who it was, but they were asking about being a female playing D&D in an all-boy group and how you break that comfort level. Luckily, I think, especially now with the resurgence of D&D, the boy's club aspect that might have been surrounding it is definitely slowly starting to get broken. D&D should never be a gender-specific game at all. It's tough. It's also where you grew up and where you're located and the part of the country. I know, growing up in Kentucky, I didn't have access to anybody, especially other females that would want to play with me. But yeah, if you feel uncomfortable, I try to remember that it's probably a little bit of them feeling uncomfortable on their end, as well, so try to be open-minded to that, and I think you'll get used to it, but there's not supposed to be gender specifics. And guys, we have a ton of our players that like to RP girls. We're all actors. Maybe the best way if you're a female in an all-guy group, fuck it, make a male character, as well. Female should never be a personality trait. Actually, there's a really great video that's on YouTube that someone linked me to this past week, and it was from about three years ago before the Fine Brothers milked this format, and it was boys, a group of ten-year-old boys playing Dungeons & Dragons with a group of girls for the first time. Did you see that? Yeah, and it was great, and I love kid logic, because I feel like it really simplifies what we're all actually thinking on its purest form, and all the boys at the end of it were super mature and were like, "Oh, this is great." They were like, "The girls "were really bloody and violent. I thought they would puke at the blood. I didn't know that girls "could be that violent." I'm like, yeah, man. So I feel like the kids realizing that there really is no separation is quintessential, how everyone feels. And ultimately, to be 100 percent honest, I really enjoy people who have implemented Dungeons & Dragons in elementary schools as teaching mechanisms, and there have been a lot of people who've used it for kids who have social imperatives or social awkwardness things in real life. Yeah, totally, and I think it really does teach you empathy on a different level, and you really can put yourself in the shoes of someone else that you're probably nothing else like. Keyleth has taught me a ton. Playing Keyleth has taught me a ton because I don't really consider myself anything like her in real life, so playing something super empathetic, she's taught me a lot, and I think everyone can learn from that. That's my tangent. I'm done. --cock. That's a ten. Instead of violence, we can solve this with rock paper scissors. It'll be great. So my armor, with spell resistance, I've got advantage on spell attacks against me? I can get saving throws? My armor that has spell resistance? Oh my god, this is so nerve-wracking, you guys. Grog? You have plus two. Oh, I have 14. Going to get straight into this, I guess. I am going to cast Call Lightning at 5th level. Then I say, I'm really sorry about this, you guys! I think this is an alternate reality, though, and we'll be fine if we just get out of this! I can go ahead and bring down a spell, right? Or no, yeah, I can the same time. I'm going to go ahead and hit Kashaw because I can see him through my little window. I get 5d10, right? Sorry, Kash! 5d10. That is a really terrible roll. 17, and another one. And then I take my bonus action to turn into an eagle. (eagle sounds) Fuck that shit! Shit's getting real! Giant eagle. Fly away! Beast shape. I keep all of my mental stats. 13. Okay, well, that brings me, zero to my... 33 so that's nine points. Yeah. I have a ring. So 14? Ooh, no. Eight. Oh, bad idea. Okay. Oh, me again? Already? Oh my god. Okay, well, I stand up. I'm going to go ahead and throw a Call Lightning up again, this time at 4th level. I think I've got a bit of a view on Grog, kind of know where he is? I can see Kash, though, right? Sorry, Kash! (lightning crash) Right on Kash again. I'm going to use my bonus action to do a Cure Wounds, or sorry, Healing Word at myself, just at first level. This is the shit of nightmares. I want you to know that. Keyleth friend! Keyleth friend! Hits. 18 would bring me to 40. Right? Ooh! Oh, that's good! That's good. 17, that's good for the first one. And a natural one! So I'll take the 17. Dexterity save? Nine plus-- So excited! Ooh, that's much better. 20 total. What are you hitting me? Oh, you're firestorming us? What does the cover grant you? What's the three-quarters cover do? Anything I can do to fix myself while I'm out? But I have to roll a nat 20. Other than that, that's it? Oh man. Yeah, totally. Nope. I'm also on the ground. Come on, come on. All that pent-up aggression you've been wanting to get out. Grog off the leash is a bad day. Now I'm envisioning Grog's Rhinoplasty. God, he is made of meat and hit points. Whenever he fails that save on Finger of Death, that's fucking-- One for free, without burning a spell slot. Orville! Yeah, you will! Yes, you are. Yeah, thanks. Matt had to go into detail. Oh, like, you're going to banish him? Oh my god, do this. Send him to bizarro world! Oh my god, so many Wheatons! I still imagine that it's a giant, floating popcorn kernel. (singing) So never more shall we see you again. You've done really well. You are kind of taking the defensive route, which is great. There might be a cushy water bed in the pit. You don't know. Oh, he does have that! If you get through this with one hit point-- Roll a nat 20! Yeah, Mittens is still up. Wow. (cheering) I had a terrible dream! You were there, and you were there, and you were there. I hope I never get on Grog's shit list. Oh, by one point. And the maiden voyage of the Dwarven Forge. It looks so great. Falling through the sky as a dead bird. Well, is jump in the pit considered suicidal? I want to get into some Kilgrave shit. But would "Hey, explore the bottom of this pit" be considered a suicidal action? What spell? Oh, right. Do we have any giveaways that we need to announce? Giveaway winners? I know, there was so much stuff to give away. Yeah, sure. Giveaway. Brandon Sanderson books and nail wraps. What was the book called, again? I feel like it was that scene in Sleepy Hollow in the end, where the lighthouse is on fire, then Grog walks out of it. That's what I envision. Be active! Check out The Bands of Mourning. And Espionage Cosmetics! They have nerdy makeup. Nerd makeup. It's a thing. MATT, MARISHA, and That would have been really cool. That took me down half my hit points. Do we have a winner? This is pretty great fan art that came out recently. It's all of us as the characters sitting around a table. I'll show it to Travis. It was-- WILL and @blupervillain. Diepod Travers. Do we have a winner of the Brandon Sanderson book? Critical Hit and book and maybe a few other things. I don't know. There's always a hodgepodge in the giveaways. Cool. I'll bring it back. Yeah!