Hello everyone, and welcome to our very special one-shot edition where we are paying up on our good word for you guys that donated so much to our 826LA Charity Drive a few months ago, top of the year, whenever that was. Anyway, here it is! Welcome to the game. I'm a little nervous. I'm going to say the title of the game, that's going to be my line to go into it! Come on! Always a director. Anyway, 826LA is-- oh shit, sorry. 826LA-- (laughter) It is very nerve wracking! Okay, here we go. 826LA is an amazing charity that we support that helps children-- kindergarten all the way through senior year of high school-- to learn better skills to read and write creatively. They do a wonderful young authors program. And they always have these amazing little stores that you can go to in their front. Out here in L.A. it's The Time Travel Mart. They're great little date places as Taliesin has pointed out before. Go check it out, see if one is in your area and maybe volunteer. I think that's about it. Without further ado, let's get into Honey Heist 2 Electric Beargaloo! [jazzy theme music] Trinket. You are sitting poutily in the foyer watching the hustle and bustle and the chaos around you as Vex and Percy try to rush out the door. You know what this means they're leaving and you're not going with them. Vex walks up to you. "Percy darling, are we almost ready to go? (quietly) Where are you? "(louder) Keyleth will be here at the Sun Tree to pick us up in five minutes!" (laughter) "I know. But I need you here to hold down the fort! You are in charge while I'm gone, okay? "I have arranged for plenty of treats while I'm gone." "Yeah! So you have to be a good boy-- " "No, don't, that's not for you. Okay. I love you! I'll see you in a week." She rubs your "fur and gives you a kiss. (yelling) "Percy?! Come on!" (laughter) They quickly, in a flash, gather their things, half of a sleeve on Percy's jacket as he runs out the door and the door closes behind you. You're a little bit alone. It's a little dark, it's a little quiet. Whatever you want to do for a minute. Take this moment for yourself. Okay. Roll for bear. You have to roll a d6 equal to or lower than your current bear stat. Ooh okay. So you're a little bit frustrated you can't find them. I don't think they're actually-- --here yet. So move one point from criminal into bear. As you decide to move into the pantry back into the cupboard, you're looking around. As you step out you try to go downstairs into the basement, into the cellar and a light clicks on. Little torch. (laughter) Magic torch! Sitting there, in an awesome blue blazer power suit, is Tova from the High Bear Nation. She crosses her legs. She has red lipstick, and she looks at you and she goes, "Oh "hello, Mama's Bear. Long time no see." "Yeah. Seven months, actually, almost eight. But who's counting? Look, the High Bear "Nation is in need and you-- and whatever that team was that you had six or so months ago-- you're our "last resort." "Oh, I know. I was waiting for the perfect time. Look, I'll make sure we have a "representative here watching over the place while you're gone. Nothing will happen. But I need you "to go get the gang back together. Look, here's the deal Remember those ninja bears that kind of "crashed into that cellar?" "Yeah, me too. They're representatives of the Bear Acuda. We have gotten word that their "leader, Hattori Bongo--" (laughter) "It is Tal'Dorei's largest honey depot, it is owned by the government. It's also known as "Fort Lox." (stifled laughter) "Now look, we've seen a few people go in there and they haven't come back. We've sent a few "of our own and the only person that we have gotten information back from is through one Message "spell; a man named Kody. Kody Yak." "Apparently, Hattori Bongo is trying to make Fort Lox his new criminal headquarters. This "means there have been no shipments of honey coming in or out of the Fort. No shipments of honey, "means no delivering of honey, means... Well, it just means no honey. I feel like that's pretty clear." "So I figure with your interests in The Slayer's Cake and the good work that you did last "time, maybe you would be down to help us." "I promise I will put my best men that are under you because I would have sent them into "Fort Lox but they're not that good, but they're good enough to babysit a house." "Sure. Yeah, I'll take you out back." She steps out and she gives a whistle, which I'm not going to do because I'm not very good at it. You see a couple bears stand up out of the bushes. Didn't even see them before. One tips his head. Roll for... bear? Yeah, they seem good enough. They look tough. They look like guys who you probably wouldn't want to meet in a back alleyway or a back forest or behind a tree or wherever bears hang out. "I've caught a little bit of word that they've been hanging out in the woods just north "of here, actually." "Yeah, we have informants everywhere. We keep an eye out on everybody." "And look this is a risky task. I'd like you to go ahead and clear out all of the Bear "Acuda's clan that has rested in there including Hattori Bongo. Either get him to surrender or kill "him. I don't care. If you do this, you can take ten percent of whatever honey stock is left in "Fort Lox. If you fail, well. Say goodbye to any income from The Slayer's Cake, I guess." She pulls out her kind of big, awesome, thick, muscular hands. (impressed noises) What's that? Uh-huh. Oh yeah, she works out, you can tell. With that, Tova slips out, wishes you farewell. Says, "Check in with me when you're done. I'll be waiting nearby." Feel free to do anything you want to prepare. Okay, so you're raiding Vex's closet? All right, go ahead and roll for criminal as you're kind of stealing from Mom's wallet right now. Okay. Ooh okay, you look around, you don't find anything. Move from bear to criminal. Unfortunately, it looks like she has packed all of her remaining bags to take to Dalen's Closet. And a lot of her wardrobe seems to be gone as well. She's really cleaned out her closet. Okay. You make your way downstairs to Percy's workshop room. You try and trigger the door a little bit and it seems to be locked. You know where the silverware is no problem. Roll for criminal. You've seen Percy go in and out quite a bit, you know how to open this, and you just simple latch. It's like a cat who knows how to open the bathroom door. You go downstairs. You take a look around. You find some rope, pretty easily. What else were you looking for? Roll for... I don't know, what would this be, searching? Bear? It's so hard! There's only two stats! It's probably criminal right? You don't find any chains or any weaponry. The one thing that you do find, though, is a potion that was sitting on the wall. BRIAN and Everything else seems to be properly locked up in a very well protected gun locker with the key very well hidden. Okay, any last things you want to look for? It's pretty dark. When Vex and Percy left it was already getting right at sunset. They were trying to get a head start on the time zones. You know, catch that red eye. Anyway, make your way, do a bear sense as you go into the woods. You don't find anybody. You look for a few hours. After a while, does someone else want to make a bear sense? Okay, roll a d6. Just one. Every one of you have things that you are good at. Trinket, you're a grizzly, you're good at terrifying things. If you're good at something, you get to roll twice and take the lower. You basically have advantage. That is a one. Okay. As you're looking for honey, you think you hear something in the woods. You're thinking maybe hyenas or coyotes coming up. You are all together as a group, yeah. You hear some twigs snapping under what's clearly a very heavy weight. About this time, Trinket comes out of the woods, very frustrated, very irritated, and a little tired. Okay, roll for bear. He slaps you. You all head to the banks of the river and find the cache of bamboo that Vex has been slowly working on growing. As you talk and figure out your plans, we're going to roll for roles. You're The Face. I love it. You can be the same thing if you want. I'm going to say your choice. You're The Brains! The Face and The Brains, Cookie and Waffle. Peddy Tuxpin. You're The Driver! Liam Las Vegas has taught you quite a bit over the past seven months. He got his license revoked. The Thief. All right, Liam Las Vegas. Looking for a one or a four. All right, roll for bear? I think with advantage? Okay. You successfully chill out a little bit. I would say you take one point from bear to criminal. Calm down a little bit. You guys are planning currently. But yeah, if you want to take it to voluntarily move a point, I'll allow it. That's true. If you want, you can move a point from bear to criminal. It's voluntarily. You can voluntarily move a point from bear to criminal if you all choose to take a criminal planning sequence flashback. That's up to you guys, if you're feeling like you're on the brink. It's voluntarily, so up for whoever wants to be a part of it. If you are getting pretty high on criminal, you can move a point from criminal to bear by eating a shitload of honey. Yeah, you all currently have no honey. You forgot to pick that up. That's actually true. You are still close to the castle. If you wanted to backtrack, you could. Okay. Are you leading them to The Slayer's Cake? (laughter) You go down to the hat store. Knowing you, you probably have written one in canon to Whitestone that I don't know the name of. Nothin' But Hats. You guys head down. It's pretty late. It's the middle of the night. Nothin' Hatters is not open tonight. Trinket is so cocky. I love it. Okay. Waffle, why don't you roll for criminal to keep watch. And you roll for criminal to try and pick the lock. You move a point into bear, because you are frustrated. With that, you hear (knocking). "Ey! Ey, what are you do-- Aww, fucking bears again! Git! Git!" It sounds a lot like the same guards from last time. "Oh, this one's been getting into the brew stash. Git! Git on!" Yes, there is, back in the alleyway behind the hattery, a wagon. It is not. It's by itself. It is unhitched. Trying to do a drive by pick up and run thing? Okay. Roll two, take the lowest. Because this is your specialty. As this guard is poking at you with his javelin situation, you see this giant panda, Peddy Tuxpin, (thudding footsteps) from behind. Pulls up with the wagon. They're pretty big. And probably have more coming. Roll two, take the lowest. You should all always have six points that go back and forth. Okay. About that time, the guys drop their javelins. They take off running. I'd say you have a little bit of time, but there will now be reinforcements. Your presence is known. Roll for bear with advantage. (crashing) Your shoulder goes right into the iron brace bar right across it. Stone pavers. About this time, you guys are hearing more clickity clackity of guards running up. That's what he just tried to do. Okay, yeah, sure. Yeah. Roll twice, take the lowest. Why not? I'm curious to see what happens. For criminal. Okay. You get enough of a running jump, and as you turn, you get a nice section this big or so that crashes through. You splinter the door inward. I don't think any of you could fit through, with the exception of Liam Las Vegas. "Come here! They're over here!" "Come on, Charlie!" Okay. It's like a vending machine. Just hats. You guys catch. About that, you get a pretty good stack. And you guys-- --see the guards coming up running. Okay. Peddy, as you take off, there's some guards who try to flank you, coming around the other side. Roll for driver to try and get around them. You're like, I can totally make it, I can totally make it. Ooh, it's getting narrower as I'm getting closer. Roll twice, take the lower, for criminal. Oh god. And that's pretty much exactly what happens. You go through, some of the edges of the cart start shattering off. You guys who were riding, roll for bear to see if you can hold on. Oh god. Peddy, you are oblivious. You keep running. The three of you fall off and the guards are catching up to you. What do you do? Roll twice for criminal, take the lower. Okay. You have six points, right? Yeah, you're good. Your success. If you succeed, you get more greedy, and you move one from bear into criminal. Yes. When the plan goes off without a hitch, move one point from bear into criminal. The guards stop. "Were those bears hurting you, good sir?" "You must be a tourist. I am so sorry that you had to experience that in our wonderful "city. We're really trying to get our animal control into a respectable situation. Here, sir." And he pulls out a little "Welcome to Whitestone" patch. "We like to give this out to some of our "favorite tourists." "Okay sir, uh, thank you so much," and he turns and walks away. He half-understands you. You guys that fell off, you gather the hats that fell off the back of the cart. Following Peddy into the outskirts of the city, you guys all know, more or less, where you're meeting up. After a few minutes, you all convene and you all sort through your prize and get to pick which ones you guys want. Let's roll for hats! SAM and Roll for hats! Yeah, let's go this way now since, yeah. Just give me the number and I'll tell you. You get the fez. Okay, Trinket. Everyone's rolling a d8 for these, right? You get the cowboy hat! Hey team, where did that-- oh, here it is. The number would've been the same thing. You were destined for the cowboy hat. All right, Peddy. Okay, what color bowler do you want? We have gray, we have green, we have black. Waffle. So you also get a bowler unless you decide you want to mix it up. You want the gray bowler? Cookie. You also get a fez. LIAM and Yeah! We have multiple of a few things. You guys all look like members of the Shriners association, okay. As you guys are now in the middle of the dark, north of the woods of Whitestone, you know the direction to the 1,972-Acre Woods. It'll probably take you an hour and a half. You also have the entire guard and everyone out looking for you? Roll twice, take the lower for brains for criminal to track down this place. You feel like you remember-- You fail, you don't remember where this honey is. You guys take a few hours, walking the edge of the rivers. He was rolling for criminal, and you failed, so you should-- did you go-- when your plan fails and you run into difficulty, you move one point from criminal into bear. You didn't really run into difficulty. That's true. Do you want to voluntarily move a point. Is that what you're wanting to do? Okay, go ahead and move a point. But unfortunately, I'd say you don't quite remember where these beehives are. If anyone else wants to search? Okay, it probably takes you about 45 minutes now-- since you guys had walked a little bit up the river looking for these-- to get back. The guards stop you. "Who's this guy?" "All right." He steps out of the way. You go in, you look around, you go to the pantry. It's pretty easy-- you only find two jars. There's not a lot there. But I'd say there's two uses. You gather your stuff-- anything else? Roll for-- what is searching? Is searching for bear? Like a bear? Then roll for bear. You destroy the kitchen. You knock over a coat rack-- one of those freestanding coat racks that was standing. Yeah, it was a pretty bad idea. It falls over and this big, long trenchcoat falls over you. And you go, "Eh, might be useful. I don't know." Mm-hmm. The brains is there. Okay, you guys gather your stuff, you meet the rest of the Sweet Brothers at the edge of the forest, and you slowly start making your way towards the 1,972-Acre Woods. It's a little bit of a trek-- it takes you the rest of the evening. By the time that you get there, the sun is rising. Wait for it. As you the approach this clearing in the woods, you can hear soft music in the distance. A string quartet. Rich smells of cured meats and cheeses waft past your nose that are immediately counterbalanced with saccharine sweet maple, honey, and cinnamon scents, as well as the very coveted-- You can tell this is coveted grade-A honey. This isn't the cheap shit. Following where your senses are leading you, you all begin to see blush-colored roses and wild daisies draping from nearby trees. An old and opulent brick and wooden manor reveals itself in the dense forest treeline. And the full picture starts becoming a little bit more clear. A beautiful courtyard gated in iron-wrought fencing is spotted with several tables being dressed with tablecloths and matching floral centerpieces to the rose and daisy garlands you saw upon entering. Several bears in aprons skitter around as they set up for what appears to be a wedding. Server bears. They're bears. A dessert table is being adorned with honey cakes, the bar has copper mugs with bamboo stir sticks being placed. You all have made it to Vinnie the Pooh's manor. Okay. Liam Las Vegas and Cookie-- Opulent, very Victorian sitting room. As you walk in, you go up the stairs that are red-carpeted. Opulent paintings on the side of the wall. You know where Vinnie's office is. You go down a long hallway-- at the end with the giant, double oak doors. As you all approach, you see another man with dark, slicked-back hair in a suit come out. Bear man. "Liam." "Didn't expect to see you coming around here." "Boss is in an interesting mood." "Go on in." You open the door and you, in the dark, heavily-lit, with only a window coming through, see a portly, golden-brown-furred bear with thick, black hair, slicked back, and a thin pencil mustache. On his fur. (laughter) "Ah, Liam." "Liam Las Vegas." "It's been a long time since I've seen you." "They're doing okay. You know, my daughter, she's getting married today." "It's interesting for you to come here on the day my daughter is to be married." "Interesting." "You know, that's hard to believe, seeing as you don't even come by anymore. "Don't even stop in for coffee. You don't even have the respect to call me The Pooh." "You know, what do you want, Liam?" "Well, that's very interesting. It's interesting that you think you have more information "than The Pooh, you know?" "Is that why you're here with this other wise guy? You think you can "do better than me? You think he knows more than Vinnie?" "Call me Vinnie the Pooh." "I don't know you. You know, you don't give me respect yet." "It's a very blessed day." "I worked very hard for those extra nine hundred and-- one thousand-- I worked very hard "for those other acres." (laughter) "You know, you have a very good point, Liam Las Vegas. I'm sorry to be so testy. Tell me "what you know. What can I do for you?" "One of the best." "You're talking about the Bear Acuda." "Yeah." BRIAN. Chupacabra. And come to find out, there's this guy, Hattori Bongo. You heard of him? "Well you know, on top of moving all the honey, he also controls the underground "Xhorhasian smoked salmon smuggling grounds." "I actually ordered a bunch of salmon from him for my daughter's wedding, and it hasn't "showed up yet." "It's been a little delayed, I don't know why." "I heard something like that too. I didn't know if it was true." "I don't like that, there's only one Pooh." "Look, you know I like you, Liam, but you're not necessarily part of the family. And you--" "And I don't know you. So look I'll tell you something. You go up, you go check in on my "smugglers that are trying to bring in the Xhorhasian smoked salmon, you find out what's "going on, you come back, let me know I can trust you, and then maybe I'll give you the information. "You know, you can't just come in here and ask me to be a snitch. You know that's not Vinnie." "All right. The wedding ceremony starts in about three hours." "Well, I sent them northeast. Up on the path just right behind the house. I expected them "to be back around four hours ago. That's the path that leads straight up to Fort Lox." "The same path." "See what you can find, and then we'll talk, okay?" "Kiss the rings." "Oh, I like you. I like this guy." "You know, how about this? You go get yourself one of our premium honey cocktails. "Themed after the bride and groom, you know these weddings these days. And get yourself one for the road, all right?" "Okay." Okay. You go back down and you are chilling in the courtyard. Feel free to go get-- The guests haven't arrived. It's very much still getting set up, so you can go in if you want. When Liam Las Vegas and Cookie-- this is very confusing-- come back down, you let him know that you can go in and get a cocktail, get some honey, get some bamboo. You're welcome to it, if you would like. BRIAN and You have the good graces of The Pooh, so it's not open bar. But you can have enough, if you would like to move a point from criminal onto bear, you are more than welcome to do that. Feel free to pocket bamboo. Some honey? Okay. Okay. Go ahead and roll for criminal. You take another two servings or so of honey. You can use them for the cocktail. Looks at you oddly and then goes, "Yeah, okay," and hands it over. Okay, feel free. So make your move. You can move a point from criminal into bear. If you want to. Okay, you pocket a few sticks for later. Oh. Okay. You walk up, and she's busy and she's setting the table. "Yes, what? Can I help you? "Hi." "Oh, really?" "The Whitestone and Vix'squalia? Oh my god. What's it like living in a castle?" "That sounds pretty nice." "Really?" "Well, who do I say when I-- who requested me when I show up?" "Ask for Trinket." "It's high noon." She makes a note and she slips you another jar of honey just for yourself. Actually, the woman who Cookie was just talking to was moving over champagne glasses, placing them onto the table, and they're behind her a little bit. She's distracted. It's an unattended drink cart. Okay, roll for criminal. Roll twice because you're the driver. Take the lower. You slowly (creaking) pull it away. You all meet out front of Vinnie the Pooh's house. You're all going northeast? You hop on the drink cart! You all hop on the drink cart. It's a comedic scene, it looks like a clown car, but it's a bear car, and right on top of that pyramid is Liam Las Vegas surfing on the shoulders, poor Peddy pushing behind. It's true. You don't necessarily travel any faster. After not too long, maybe two hours, you start to head to the edge of the woods, and you get to a clearing that's opening up. You can actually see in the very far distance stone fort walls. As you head up, you start to hear some shouting and arguing in the distance. Sounds like an altercation. In bear. As you all get quiet, you hear, "Look, man! If you're not with us, then that means you "must be against us, all right? Come on!" You see the outline of three polar bears, and beyond that, Vinnie the Pooh's guys and a cart. "You know, man? You don't want to sign a petition, you don't want to hear us out, you don't "want to play our game. You know, it's just not fair!" A hundred yards. The polar bears, and you can hear Vinnie the Pooh's guys being like, "Look, we just want to "cross. We're in a hurry, we don't want to take your survey, and we don't want to donate any "money. We don't care." Everyone stops and turns around. "Oh hey. Hey! Do you guys have a minute to talk to the Polar Rising?" "No, you know what, man? We're the ones being harassed. All the time! No one wants to sit "here, no one cares about the polar bears." "Look, I'm sorry, we're just really passionate about our cause. You know, we've been "trying to get the Polar Rising off the ground for quite a while, and no one even wants to (stuttering) "talk and-- look, I can't even talk, I'm so upset." "You do look like half us, like exactly half. It's pretty cool, man. "Brother from another mother." "Look, we're just trying to raise awareness that polar bears aren't weak. Okay? The "media's always depicting us as these helpless creatures stuck on this floating piece of frozen "water, and that makes us look weak, man. You know? And then they want to talk about how we're not "reproducing as much as we can be. Have you ever tried having sex in the middle of fucking "frigid temperatures, man?" "It's hard, right?" "Your dick, it just doesn't work right and I feel like--" "Everyone's criticizing our dicks, man." Then the other guys go, "Yeah, stop criticizing "our dicks!" The other guy goes, "Yeah, stop hammering on and criticizing our dicks!" "That's because it's not just below freezing, man." "Exactly. They're always hammering this idea that our dicks just aren't good enough. "Just stop hammering our dicks!" "Call me Chief of Polar Rising." "No, you're totally right, man. We learned that a few months ago. Sitting here "collecting signatures, that didn't do nothing. The High Bear Nation don't want to listen to our "cause, Council of Tal'Dorei doesn't want to listen our cause. It's a real problem, just getting "stuck on this floating frozen water shit. So we thought maybe to bring awareness to our "problem, we'd make a game." BRIAN and "Yeah, a game. Very politically-driven, social awareness game. So all we're doing is, "we're out here, we're trying to have it beta-tested; because we can't test it, because "we're alphas. So we're looking for betas to try and test our game, give us some feedback." "Well, you want to see it?" "Well look, if you'll just take a look--" "Well, how else am I going to get the game out of the box?" "It's not a dick-in-a-box, it's a game-in-a-box! See, you're hammering our dicks again." "Is that true?" "All right, I want respected opinions here, you know? From educated people. These guys "don't even want to listen, you know?" "That looks clear." "That's why we'll never go into alpha testing with our game, only beta." All right, hang on. "So whoever breaks the polar bear off the floating piece of water first wins. "But you can't hammer our dicks, okay?" "You're playing Don't Break the Frozen Water." "But you're not allowed to hammer the dicks. The first team-- Sorry. We'll do team one and "team two. First team that makes the polar bear fall into the frozen water and gives him a complex loses." "Well, you can't hammer the dicks." "No, if a dick falls, that's no one's fault, and that's what we're trying to "communicate. But if you hammer our dicks, you're immediately disqualified, and you lose." "Unfortunately, no. Isn't it depressing?" "All right, who wants to go first?" "He's half polar bear, that's why." Yep. "That's Bryce's dick, don't hammer it." "Yeah, that's Bryce." Bryce goes, "Hey." "'Sup, man." "No, this is good game testing. Good to see what the trolls of the game will do, you know?" "Oh, if you lose the game, then you just lose the game. We're looking for honest "and constructive criticism." "No, we just want your feedback, yeah." "Yeah, that's what I've been saying, man." "Yeah, what do you mean?" "Are you kidding me? No one can get into Fort Lox, it's impenetrable! Not like our mates!" "Well, we have an extra cart that we're using to haul all of our games." "Are you willing to distribute our games if we give you the cart?" "Yeah? Would you be willing to do that? Because you know, we've got the creative side, but we don't have the publishing side, man." "You know what? You've got a deal, brother from another mother. Polar Rising, yeah!" "Not the dicks." "Careful, that one's Chad's." "Yeah, Bryce, take notes. You taking these notes?" "Okay, Bryce, write that down." "The person who knocks in the polar bear first loses, or the first person who smacks a dick." "Yeah." "Sure." Wait! You can lose dicks, you just can't hammer dicks. "You just came from a wedding?" SAM and "You serious, man?" "Chad, Bryce, you hear that, man?" "I appreciate your guys' gentleness and candor with keeping the dicks on the board for as "long as possible." Smells like carcinogens and plastic? We bought it in the children's toy aisle. "That is literally the block of ice that's holding up the polar bear, man." "You got close to our dick, but I think you're all right. I'll let my brother "from another mother pass." Taped. No, that's the thing he's floating on! He's on a four by four. He's on a two by two. He's hanging by a thread! That's true, you can do that. Oh god it's vibrating all over. "At least in the temperate weather we have a chance." "I hope you liked our game, everybody. Do you feel like it really brought the full feeling "of being a polar bear floating on a piece of frozen water?" "Thank you." "Well, thank you guys so much. I feel like we really learned a lot from this experience." "Here, we made little stickers for anyone that says, 'I'm an honorary member of Polar Rising." "Feel free to take our cart and thank you. Thank you for everything." "Don't Break the Frozen Piece of Block the Bear's Floating On." "Don't Break the Frozen Water." "Okay." "That's good. Write that down, Bryce. Write that down." "We'll do that on our second printing. Thank you, guys." And they let you go. You start your way back. "Thanks, man. We'll see you at the wedding!" And as you guys start making your way back to Vinnie the Pooh's, we're going to take a break! Don't hammer our dicks! True. It's a good message. It's hard to have more than one cause. Okay. Enjoy this quick break, and so will we. We'll be back. You know what a face is, right? Oh wait, are we rolling? Hi everyone! And welcome back to Honey Heist 2 Electric Beargaloo. Okay, we're just going to go. We're just going to jump right into it. Yeah. Yeah, we're resuming the game. And not Just the Tap. As you guys make your way back to the 1,070-- 9,072 Acre Wood, you approach Vinnie the Pooh's house, and you can see preparations on the wedding have progressed quite a bit. Even a few guests are starting to straggle in. And you make your way back up to Vinnie the Pooh. Well, whoever wants to go. You go in. Vinnie turns around in his chair and he goes, "Oh, Liam. I see you delivered "on the goods. Pretty good. Good job, man." "My guys got back a few hours ago. Just in time for the ceremony." "It was some of the freshest that I've ever tasted in my life." "You do good work." "I'm glad I can trust you boys." "That's good to know. You guys are part of the Pooh family now." "Well. I'm the Pooh. But you're part of the family." "Well look. You know, it's Fort Lox. You can't walk up right up to the front door. They "won't let you in. You'll be killed immediately. But I can tell you that when I was smuggling for "good ol' Hattori Bongo, there's a tunnel entrance about 500 yards north of the fort. If you look for "it directly north of the fort, in the woods, you'll find a little hole with a little cave entrance." "Not really. You have to know where to go." "It's a moderate size doorway. You'll be fine, Cookie." "My daughter was hoping for a temperate, partly-cloudy wedding and I think the gods will "bless us today, on the day of her wedding." "Well, look. You know, this is Hattori Bongo we're talking about. There's going to be "guards. He's not a stupid bear. There's probably going to be guards guarding the little secret "entrance. But from what I remember, there's always a five-digit code that he changes every two days "or so to make sure no one gets wise on the code, you know what I mean? People like to leak stuff." "I don't know." "I can tell you it's some alternating two-- five-digit code between salmon and bamboo. "So I'd be on the lookout." SAM and "That's the only thing I ever heard when I overheard some of his guys talking about it." "Yeah." "That's all I know. That's going to be your best way in." "I don't know. I know Hattori Bongo never runs with less than eight or so guys. But if he's "taken over a small fort? Who knows. Sounds like a pretty big job he's trying to pull." "Pleasure to meet you, Trinket." "Welcome to the family." "No, I don't know of this Mr. Yak that you're talking about." "But may God be with him today, on the day of my daughter's wedding." "It's a blessed day, you know?" "Well, my daughter she's getting ready to be married. Today is her wedding day." "So proud." I didn't think of a pun for this. "Um." "Finding flaws in my narrative." "It's a man. And he's probably banging one of the bridesmaids right about now." "Happens in the movie. All right. Be on your way." (laughter) That happened. "You're welcome." "Okay. If you're passing back through, feel free to stop by the reception, get yourself a cocktail." "That's an excellent question." "You know, he's a very smart man. Very (slurred) ruthless." "That's what I said." "I still don't hear a problem." "He worked his way up." "I knew Hattori Bongo back when he was just a lackey for the Bear Acuda. I heard about "six months or so ago, he (slurred) worked his way up the ranks." "No problem. Godspeed on your journey on this blessed day." (laughter "I heard they keep some very special prize honey up at Fort Lox. Some rare shit." "There's some good stuff." "You know, if you find something, keep in mind your good ol' friend Vinnie the Pooh." "Yeah?" "Oh, there's-- hm. There's honey all over the fort." (laughter) "Thank you, good sirs." Oh, thank god. I didn't expect to talk that much as Vinnie. Some nice blush colored roses and daisies. There's nice wooden chairs with furniture legs. It's more of a daytime wedding. Sure. There was a string quartet. You roll to see if you can steal one. You roll to see if you can find explosives. No? You see Cookie go up to the string quartet and as he's about to reach for the violin, he trips over the tambourine set up and causes a big distraction and at this point-- --you look behind one of the folding screens where they're stashing a bunch of stuff and you do find a crate, filled with a few small sparklers, bottle rocket-y things, nothing too crazy. Something that would look good on Instagram, that's what you found. Okay, roll for criminal. Being good at thieving? To look for things? You look around, there's a lot of people in tuxes, it's a lot of pink. (sighs) It's hard to say. There's also a lot of-- this crowd is already shady-looking, being that it is happening at Vinnie the Pooh's. Mm-hmm? Okay. You now have pocket salmon. Outside. Afternoon reception. You get on the cart and you go back north the way that you came when you ran into the Polar Rising. It takes you another hour or so and you crest into the opening, the clearing, which leads into a valley, where you see in the distance Fort Lox. You all-- taking a wide berth around the fort-- head north. Does someone want to roll to search to see if they can find the hidden entrance? I'd say roll for bear since you're sniffing and searching; you're tracking a little bit. You're having a hard time. Into bear, yes. Okay, you have an advantage on sensing honey, so you roll for advantage-- Oh, you're honey bears, so both of you roll-- And you roll to see if you can see any structures or doors. Okay, and wait to see-- At the same time, you all get the waft of honey. It's a little bit tough because there's honey all over the place, being that you are near Fort Lox. It's hard to discern what is wafting in from behind you, but with the help over here of Liam Las Vegas, you get this sweet draft coming about-- not too much-- 50 feet in the woods. Not far from you guys. As you walk closer to the door. You see sleeping, propped up against it a ninja bear. A member of the Bear Acuda. Looks a little dozy. He's not anticipating anything. Being a bad guard. Okay, roll with advantage because you are a thief and you're stealthing, I guess. Oh, god. So yeah, you get more frustrated as a bear. As you're trying to lumber back, you don't really anticipate how dense honey badgers are-- That squeezing of Liam Las Vegas's thighs around your midsection squeezed out a fart. About this time, it's not the sound that alerts the guard. It's the smell. And he, (sniffin.g) "Huh?" and spots the two of you. You're not far, you're ten feet away from him. Okay, roll for bear. You have advantage because of carnage. Oh, muscle and carnage! How'd you fail? Oh, shit! Well you get more frustrated because your plan failed and you get a point in bear. As you're gauging the trajectory of your jump, "I'm going to do this awesome flying leap!" and as you fly you just fly right past him. Faceplant. Fascinating. Roll for criminal, I'm going to say. I don't know how stealthy you're being for this. Success. Peddy. Roll for bear with advantage. As you leap at him, your crazed panda claws and your soft demeanor is totally off-putting. And you go right for this guy's throat. You succeed. That's gory and impressive. BRIAN and You're doing okay. You're holding on, but the taste of meat, after you're so recently trying to cut back is a little rough. You now have the corpse of a Bear Acuda member. Okay, roll for criminal. He is. You are a little too nauseous, you throw up a little bit, and you have to step away. Okay, you strip, you take his clothes. As you search him, you guys end up finding, in one of the pockets-- No one thus far, no. You seem to be alone. Waffle, as you turn around, as you're looking at this, you see this wooden door that's carved into the side of a hill. Encased in stone, a little bit reinforced with some paving and on the side, there's a little keypad box with a cover over top of it. There are two buttons, one's a salmon and one's bamboo. And there's a little LED screen up top. Okay. All right. Bleep, bleep (door unlocking). You do look like a ninja and shit. It's pretty awesome. Once you're in, you see this long corridor that stretches almost as far as you can see into the darkness. Lining it are dilapidated crates and broken glass, many of which have honey oozing out. You also see a few wheelbarrow wheels, cartwheels, a few broken down wheelbarrows and carts themselves. Okay, I'll say each one of you make a check. With advantage, since you're all doing your skills. This isn't a bear thing, this is a criminal thing, yeah. Okay! I'm just going to do two out of three. You're a little bingey still, a little tweaky. Yeah, you're doing okay. With what you know about carts and motorcycles, you're able to figure it out and, luckily, with Percy as your patron saint right now. MATT and Quincy de Bolo. Quincy with a bolo. Yeah, it's that guy, that we all know and love. It is not motorized, you all have to pedal, though. Flintstones style, all in a line. Mm-hmm. It's a long corridor. You guys have to-- In about that time-- (laughter) As you guys reach a fork in the corridor, the very abrasive noise you were making alerts two ninjas. And they drop down. Okay, Las Vegas is taking the one on the right. There's a fork, so there's two guarding each corridor. Las Vegas is taking the one on the right. Roll with advantage for your carnage. This is bear, you're going full-- Ugh, okay, you get more frustrated. Take a point in bear. Poor Las Vegas! The bears are just too quick, they saw you coming, and one of them goes (kicking) and punts Las Vegas out of the way. Okay, are you taking the one that Liam's taking? Okay roll-- what was your skill? Honey sense, but you're The Brains. Roll for criminal, I think. You ping one right off the top of his head. You papercut his eyes a little bit, and he's like, "Ow! What? How?!" "Ugh, you got me right in the eye!" Roll for bear. As he is holding his eye he goes (grunting). It's like a Three Stooges movie. He goes down. He's not taken out, but he is a little incapacitated. Okay, while you do that, what are you doing, Peddy? Flashback. (warbling) (slowly) "Only when the temperature's below average." You have a board game piece. At the one that he's attacking? Okay. Roll for criminal. Back to bear! These are crazy bears, he goes (pinging). Wax on! Then he's looking right at you. Trinket, you've downed your honey? Roll twice for terrify. He goes (whimpering) and you feel a little warmth on your paw. You may, and you have advantage as he is pinned, and for your carnage. With that, Trinket, all you see is his eyes go (popping) a little bit as two of Liam Las Vegas's claws go up through the back of his head and into his sinuses. A little bit of tears of blood come streaming down his face. He (chokes) and slumps down. He slumps down. You still have one more on you guys' side. That was awesome. Wait, what? Okay, and go for questioning. Is that what you said? Okay, roll for bear. You bear hug him right around his throat and he just, "Oh god!" He collapses right down. You are on-- Yes, success move from bear to criminal. It's like a wrestling pose. You are right on top, and he's stuck. Whatever you want to do. "Look, man. There's a few safes all around, but Hattori's moved most of it to his own "office and his own personal stash." "Okay. You're going to go down this left passageway. You're going to get to your first "right, you're going to take that--" "Left passageway. Your first right." "Second left." At the end of that corridor, you'll see his hideout. He is. "What?" "What?!" "Okay." "I don't know what that means." "Just don't kill me. Will you not tell?" "Just don't tell Bongo about this, okay?" "Okay." "Look. I don't know if you guys are with that Yak guy, but I didn't hurt him, okay? "I wasn't the one who--" "Yeah, he's alive." "Okay, you know how you go down that left corridor, and you take that right, and then there "was the second left? If you keep going past that second left and you keep going all the way down, "there's two more rights. You're once again going to take that second right." "Yeah. He's not far, though. It's just two doors down. Yeah." "Okay, thank you. It's a big fort." "Can I run away and will you guys not say anything?" (choking) We got three ninjas. Okay. You guys have plenty of honey that you have stocked up on, so if anyone-- Yeah, if you eat a lot of honey, you move a point from criminal to bear. You head down the left corridor. You take the first right. You're coming up, and you take that second left. And you keep going. You're going to Kody Yak's? Or you're going to Hattori Bongo? The first-- Kody Yak? Okay. You keep going past, you have a little debate, and then you go past a cell, a little door. As you pull up, you hear someone go, "Is someone there? I hear something." "That's not my name anymore." "Yeah, that's me." "They changed my name to Wagyu." "Yeah. I don't know." "I feel like I'm their prized meat." "No, they're just been training me to help Hattori Bongo." "Are you with Tova?" "Okay. Please. If you let me out I'll help you. I'll help you fight him." (clanging) (muffled clanging) Roll for thief? Lock picking. With a few blows, you eventually bend the lock to where you can get in. Out steps this man who's been half in the Bear Acuda colors, the scraps tied around him, giant horns. He's a yak. He's definitely a big yak. He comes out, he's hunched. But as he straightens as he gets out of the cell, you can see that on his hind legs he stands about your guys' height, but he seems a little bigger with the giant yak horns. "No, not really." "I like grassy things." "Yeah, it's a little sweet for me, but I like it all right." Shaking, he desperately shoves it in his face. "He's been training me. He's got these code words." "I don't know, I could never remember them." "I just go blind. I just go after them, and he's been trying to make these new "contraptions. I don't know, I think they're around here somewhere." "I don't know, there's stuff hidden all over the place. I'd never seen anything like them before." "No, they make loud booming noises. They're shiny. And people use them--" He leads you down that first corridor that you guys passed to get to him. You go wrap around to the right and you see the storage room that's filled with crates. Make a search. You're going to have to destroy the crates first, so I'd say make a bear check with advantage for carnage. You make a straight roll for bear. Luckily, Liam Las Vegas just tears into the first one with full-on alcoholic rage. Just gnaws the corner off, it's crazy. As you tear into the first crate that you find, you find tiny shiny things. You open a little bit of a box and you find, not a lot of it looks functional, but you find one shiny ball. There are a few more crates. Okay, roll for bear. Unfortunately, Waffle, you try to punch a crate and it's a little too hard for you. Roll for bear. This one that you're going after crushes in. You succeed so you go from bear to criminal. Succeeding goes from bear to criminal. Failing goes from criminal to bear, no matter the stat you roll. As the crate breaks in, you feel this thing jam up right into your left cheek. It's like a pipe-shaped thing. There's a few more crates you guys can search if you want. Roll for criminal. You get a little more frustrated. You move a point from criminal to bear as you don't have the opposable thumbs to dexterously enough-- Roll for bear. You successfully are a maternal bear. You mama bear suck the splinter-- You find a case of the shiny rollies. So you have a couple more. (whispers) That's just right. There are like two more crates left that you guys haven't messed up with. Okay. You take one, you take the other. You have advantage. You roll for bear. Oof. Man, you get a little bit more frustrated, each of you. Feel free to-- Do you want to sit on one more? Okay. You open it and there's one of these shiny rolly balls. In its own separate case and it's got a stamp on the side and a little bit of this magical aura to it. Wait, I did the exact same thing that I did to you last time. I gave you the wrong one! Okay, roll for bear. Okay, I was going to say, because you're pretty frustrated. You crack it open and you find the remaining bullets. I mean, roly balls. Kody Yak goes, "You got to be careful, you know. He's got a lot of people hiding around here. He's got us all "at his fingertips. He can destroy anything." "You seem deeply convincing. Look like a bear that's seen a lot." You guys lead the way-- Kody is coming. He's a little shaken and disturbed-looking, but he goes down and follows you guys. As you guys approach the inconspicuous door, it's a stark opposite from what you guys just experienced at Vinnie the Pooh's. A little hidden, a little inconspicuous. It looks like any other of the Fort Lox doors in front of it. The Brains has a point. This appears to be, according to the directions, Hattori Bongo's room. You can. Roll with advantage for criminal. Okay. You pull out your corn cob-shaped skewers, the thinnest ones that you could find. You go in there-- ting! Don't-- calm, you focus. After you felt one little pin go, and-- (clicking). You're going to have to crank the turn wheel. I will count that as a-- if anyone wants to a do a flashback planning, you can, and move. If anyone wants to down any honey, you can move one point voluntarily at this time. Or bear to criminal, if you want to down honey. Or yeah, you know what I mean. If you want to move a point, you can. Yeah. I'm considering his little pre-planning just now a flashback. The gun in the first act? It's a heavy iron door but with your terrifying rage, you immediately slam it open. You see it's a small room, but there's a big window. Which is odd, because you haven't seen a lot of windows. It seems to be a mysterious misplaced window. In front of it, in a long cloak, slicked-back hair, he turns around. Big black bear, white around his mouth, big brown eyes that looks at you, "Oh hello, Trinket." "I've been watching all of you. Sweet Brothers, right? Welcome! I'm assuming you guys "are here trying to overthrow me, right?" "Hmm, We'll see about that. I just want to say, you need to think about anything that you "want to do from here on out. Because I have this." He pulls out a little tiny vial with a little fleck of crystallized sugar that has congealed in the bottom left-hand corner of the bottle. "We know all of your weaknesses. All of them. Now, that's not what we're after. "This here, this is Balootonium." "Oh, come on!" "You all think that the Harvest Fest was just about controlling the honey trade, is that right?" "You fools! We were after that crazed man. The little bald one with three fingers! He's "the secret. We've managed to cultivate this Balootonium a highly-concentrated "explosive of pure nitro-honey." "All of Westruun, if I have to." "Yeah. It's actually quite densely sweet. So sweet, just the touch of other molecules aside "from its own will make you explode and blow your head into a million pieces." "Well, this right here can demolish all of this fort if I wanted to." "You will definitely die." "No-- any introduction of outside atoms, like water, will cause a quick chemical reaction "and you all explode very quickly! I've thought of of all about this!" "I have plans! Don't try to brain-drain me! You're not going to get my plans!" "I'm just saying, If I drop this, you all explode!" No, it's (emphasis) Baloo. Baloo-nium. There are a lot of deep-layered puns in this entire game. "No. I'm asking you to fight!" And at that time-- Hattori Bongo-- --exposes himself. Yeah, I've put a ninja mask-- As he drops down, two of his lackeys drop down in front of him. Here's a ninja bear. Missed. With that first pop, kakoof! Did you hit him? No? It went wide? I'll give you that, I'll give you one. You get a ball back. With that first explosive round, and then that second explosive round as you fire two rapid shots, pow pow, from your rifle, Kody Yak has blood vessels pop in his eyes. He enrages as that seems to be the cue, and he turns against you. Kody Yak is now a ninja bear! What are you going to do about it? What are you going to do-- oh my god! I'm only counting hits. So you've hit him twice? No, I'm now solely counting hits. Okay. Roll with advantage under criminal. You can. Roll for criminal, I think. Success. As he is distracted, he's like, "Ha! Aw." With that, Kody Yak trips. He is down temporarily, on the floor floundering. The ninjas are still up, though. Roll for criminal. They go wide, they pop in the corner. These are ninjas, they're used to explosives. They've already been expended. The ones that he has. One more. Oh! He is still up! You just have to hit him. Hang on. The strange flashback music playing, you steady your focus. You think about-- (loud cheering) (laughter) It hits him, and upon impact you see the blue cascading energy course around him. It crackles inwards and he explodes into a thousand pieces with the energy of the ten-plus powerful bullets. Okay. It was from a list of "passions" and he just ran out of "passions" and made a potion. He just stole a D&D fireball. Roll this under your criminal thief stat with advantage. Oh shit! It crashes. It kills them instantly. Well, you're full criminal so I'm going to say roll four dice. 14 points is plenty. It singes their hair. These are like three hit point bears. There are no points! He had three hits. (explosions) You see flames lick out of the front door of the corridor, you guys run down further. The left over gunpowder, you hear (popping) like someone threw-- You turn down the left corridor! (motorcycle imitations) You're the driver, you're guiding, so I'd say you feel the heat coming behind you. Trinket, you've got the nitro-honey in your hand-- Oh no! You hear a little bit of popping and shrapnel coming up from behind you and a piece of crate gets caught in the spoke wheels of the bike. (shouting) Roll for-- you're going to have to roll for criminal. You auto-success, that's right. You chase after him, okay! You guys had made it through that fork in the road where that main-- you came down that right corridor, and there's that main stretch of corridor towards the exit. So that means Trinket, you go up the right way, up the fork in the corridor you guys had not been down. There is so much honey. You can. I would say all of you make rolls. Yes, you get advantage. Just roll for bear as you're running after him. You catch up to him. Okay, you roll for criminal, you roll-- you auto-succeed on everything. No, you're good, you're good. I would say you roll for bear-- muscle with advantage to see if you get in. You are successfully honey-waterboarding. As you wake up, you see Cookie at your testicles doing a little speed boxing routine. As Liam Las Vegas says that, Trinket, you realize you do not have the Balootonium. You guys find so much honey. You find some rare honey, a rare black lotus honey that is valued at quite a lot. You find more Balootonium. Some bamboo, as some of the Bear Acuda were pandas, but not as much as the honey. There doesn't seem to be as much of a market for it. Kody is definitely dead. With that, as you all scoop up your spoils, Tova comes in and graciously congratulates all of you. You all are adorned with accolades and honey for life. You all get new suits. You are hired members of the High Bear Nation for whenever you feel like working, and that is where we will end today's Honey Heist 2 Electric Beargaloo. Thank you, you guys were amazing. What was it, Don Fontaine? Don LaFontaine was his name, though? Or was it the husband's-- the guy who was marrying his daughter? No, but it was Don-- I thought that's what you were trying to quiz me on the husband's name. I should have thought of the name of the husband based on the movie. It's something Italian. It was-- I don't know. Don Fettuccine, that was the husband's name. The bear's husband. It was Don Fettuccine. Thank you all so much for joining us on whatever this was. I would like to do a shout out to Grant Howitt who wrote this little thing. He also makes these shirts which have the rules on the shirts, which are amazing. I love it. His thing is that he makes a lot of one-page RPGs that are amazing. He also writes on a lot of not one-page RPGs. He's got a Patreon, he's great, we love him. I think if you search Grant Howitt Patreon? This is his Patreon! So yes, thank you to him for letting us play this amazing game. He's got a new one that he just came out with that's a raccoons racing one? Crash Pandas!