We don't have a host. Denise? We need an adult. There's still a pile of cardboard from our past Critmas. Need to handle that. Had to handle our yard first. We fill up the trash bin or the yard bin once a week. We think it's gonna be about a six-week endeavor to keep filling the trash bin with yard clippings. My yard will still maybe look like we're cooking meth. Well actually now it's kinda happened because the piles of leaves, the grass underneath is just dying. It's going the extreme opposite now. You made it sooner than you thought! Why are you holding a bunch of stuff? Oh those are cool! They are and they're kind of slightly see-through. Thanks Joe! Starting Critmas right! You're like the Rihanna S&M music video! Or when her and Britney did it together, she was in white and she was in black? Nope, I went straight to Rihanna and Britney Spears. Okay, let's open things! It's for everybody. Matt, this one's apparently for your eyes only, and it's heavy. Henry, I love Henry. What happened? Can I take this off? Wait. Go back to the other page. Is that a flintlock design? They're all dice bags, you guys. This is Pike, I'm going to say. Yeah, definitely for Pike. Yes! And this is Vax. With the antlers! This one I actually opened first. This person whose name is Joshua Owen Lusack or Valkyrian Fate. Josh sent me an awesome knife, that it was the first thing I opened when we pre-- You look like a professor in a JRPG. Here, do you want a crochet dice bag? Joshua also sent me a bunch of Sixlets. And here's a bag that I'm going to open right now. Um, any one. Pick one, Liam. Here's someone who sent us all a bunch of sniper laser pointers that I dropped. This one's for the twins. They're laser scopes. It's not our fault the Twitch stage is insanity. I don't know where things end up once they land on that stage. That's what they look like. Oh, it's such a big box for batteries. Anyone want some Sixlets? It's like the Macy's Day Parade. Oh, good catch, Courtney. You've never had Sixlets? Sure. Yes. Yes, it is. This is from-- This is from TrappedFox, and it says, "Dear Liam." That's fucking awesome! They're mixtapes. This is for Ashley, this one's mine. Is it heavy? I have to open mine, hang on. Trash box? I tend to just throw it into the ether. Mine's called "Cloudburst". What do you have over there? Wait, there was another candy box over there, hang on. OFF- One of the Australian boxes, hang on. See what's going on in there, because that's got Whoppers on top. Ooh, sweet and sour Skittles. Okay, okay. Oh man. Okay. "Well-wishes and congrats, Keyleth, for completing her "Aramente, though now she gets to begin the stress of becoming a leader of her tribe and working "through Vax's death, but regardless, I wanted to make something and settled on a shawl, because "girl, how are you cold--" Oh my god! This is so cool! This is rad. What does the back look like? I'm going to use the vanity monitor to see. It's beautiful! It looks like a lav. "I wanted to make something and settled on a shawl." Because I do sometimes get cold. She modeled it off of the intro video. That's so rad. Thank you, Maple Scribbles! This is amazing. You startled her with her name. It's weird. Oh God. Someone is saying my name. Okay, these are fun. This is from Brandy Ires aka @elvyralani on Twitter. She says she has been watching us since the beginning, that she plays a druid because of me. Suck it, rogue. Love you. "I've been wanting to make you something for quite some time, months and months "actually. While I have never been able to draw, I am a crafter. You'll see that I made each of you a "cross stitch featuring your characters." I think so. "You might see some fun color play across a few of them." These are her own patterns. "Matt, I am working on a special one for you that will come at a later time." Thank you so much, Brandy! Okay, ready? Here's Scanlan Shorthalt. It's a bird, you know. That makes sense. I know. Wait, let me hold them straight. Here you go, Taliesin. What's it say? "I would to rage!" for Grog, of course. Pike is, "I am a monstah!" Oh my gosh! Thank you so much, Brandy! This is amazing! Oh, "And I walk away." Dani! Dani! I did do a Tim Tam slam once, when I was in Australia. It was a very good thing. It's something I did. Carly Scott! I love it. "Yep, Florida. I know." That's just a great one-liner in general. Aw, thank you so much, Carly! She's got coppery, shiny hair! I love our earrings. Okay, this is from Shantelle and she crocheted a scarf. She said it reminded her of Keyleth's spellcasting. Wow, that's awesome! Wow, that's crazy! How are you guys so talented? How is everyone so good? Oh, look how pretty. Hey buddy, first Tim Tam? Thank you, Shantelle! That's awesome. I really want to play now. Oh, the newest one? Ooh. This is from Lisa. She said one of her customers brought in to sell on consignment, and she said they're pretty much the coolest earth elemental mini she thinks she's ever seen. And she thought we could put them to good use. So let's see here. What you got, Lisa? Oh, those are sick! Look at that! There's one. You have the other minis. (yelling) No, it's good. Here, I'm trying to see a little bit of a backdrop now. Are you going to make a--? Man, I recognize these! It looks like there's another red! TALIESIN and Oh, what are these? Let's see, because we already got the first round. She said sorry for her crappy writing, that her two-year-old was demanding her attention at the time of writing this. "Dearest Matthew Mercer and Marisha Ray--" "Having watched the Vox Machina methodically--" Hang on, wait. Oh, "destroy the "dragons, therefore--" Right, hang on. Aw, she wanted us to have a complete set. She knew I didn't want to give up Raishan to Patrick, which I still haven't yet, so that we could actually give the original to Patrick and I could have the second Raishan. This is amazing. I can't believe that you went through all of this again. It was an alicorn to represent Gilmore. And apparently, wait, gray elephant? Right? "Also, the gray elephant is for Taliesin." Right? That does say--? "One blunderbuss away from becoming a quarterman." Anyway, thank you so much, Stacy! These are all Stacy and Glenn for round two. We will read your letter in detail later. Well, we have pillars. You're good as the treasury. Yeah, you do take detailed treasury notes, and Travis takes detailed Bag of Holding notes. Oh, shit! I don't know who this came from, but this is a journal, it's a leather journal, and they've got "kaitiake" stamped in it. That is the official Maori spelling of it. I've changed it a little bit originally, but that's the original spelling, so it's accurate. That's amazing. Oh, that's awesome. John and Deb O'Brien sent a copy of one of their favorite bands for us to listen to. So thank you so much, John and Deb. And then-- oh, I see what you're doing. Okay, Matt, this is from Beth Fleven. She sent us something in a diapers box. I don't know if that's-- That is a very fluorescent orange shirt. Go jogging in that shirt. Okay, so Beth wrote a letter to Matt and I, but the gift is for Liam. Beth is thanking us for the game, she says, "Enclosed in this box is a handmade gift for Liam. I began making it just "after he defeated Thordak. I thought it fitting that the slayer of Thordak should have one of the "eggs to keep as a trophy." There you go, bud. From Elliott Cole from Australia. That's so great! Amazing! What's happening? Are you getting it out? Oh my God! You guys! Okay, I think these are fun. That one goes to Liam. This one's Taliesin, Laura, and Matt. We already pulled Ashley and Sam's and Travis' and put them over there. Isn't it adorable? Oh, they put 'Risha' on here. I haven't been called Risha since high school. "Marisha, a word to the wise/There are those in the world who despise/Rise above the "hate/Spread love to relate/Or just crush them with your strong-as-heck thighs." (laughter) Oh, I can think of a few. Oh my god, mine says 'Keteor'! Hunter's Mark. What's yours? And chocolate. He's lying, Laura, he's lying! Someone sent Chozo fine quality coffee. Send weed. Where does it open? They sent box-cutters? "Call me 'child' one more time." Mine has little grasping vines. I got a wine cork. They know. They know. Oh, this is adorable. It's because I am the winespeaker. Eat, drink, and be married. Okay, this is an amazing letter. This is an amazing letter from Marsha Hanif, or @1opinonated on Twitter, and she tells this amazing story about her and-- --about one of her characters getting into a fight because she didn't want to get thrown into a fight that they couldn't handle on their mission, and it reminded her of Keyleth versus Kima in the Underdark and how much their game has become better by watching Critical Role. Thank you so much for all the kind words, Marsha, this is amazing. Truly amazing. Gloves and hat. Oh, this is so cute! Yeah, totally. Hey, Matt. Are you okay with this being your future? I've got to get over to the 99-cent store before they close for the day. Well, this is a really big one that-- guess who's in? You know what this is. (gasping) I love that they're to scale. I love that they're all kind of to scale based on-- We've got new flats coming. I think we've hinted at it. We just don't know exactly when we're going to-- Where has he been? I'm sure he's still been around, I just feel like I haven't heard of Bonertown in a while. What?! I already know where that's going. Bonertown! Oh my god. You guys. Holy crap. Is that everything? Those are cool! I didn't know they made Lego sets. Those are pretty cool. Does it say 'tiny fish'? Okay, well, Sam's kids can have that one. I don't understand. Okay, I think we have one more over there. That one, and then I think that one's the last one. Oh yeah, these are cool. Mine's got a little brown in it. Do you need assistance? Oh, jeez Louise, you guys. Get out of here, cardboard. No advertisement for Scotch! No! None for you! (laughter) Yeah! We have a bunch of movie posters in the studio that we didn't make. We should have a gallery wall. You're really good at it! Just put Laura on it. He made that? Well, that's Critmas in May, you guys. Yay, we did it! And as always, we definitely implore you guys to go check out the Critters' Guide to Critmas, if you want to be involved. Check that out first, because there's a lot of great charities that we definitely love you guys to check out and consider donating to, because giving is fun and nice and makes you happy and feel good. What was Sam's? Oh, Pablove. Yeah, there's a lot of great charities that we love and support. So yeah, don't feel like you have to buy us stuff to still experience the joy of Critmas. Yes, and we always read you guys' letters where you talk about running games in schools and libraries and stuff that you guys are doing. We read it all, we have a big notebook that we keep in-- We keep all of the fan letters, so know that even if we don't say out loud, we keep and read all of them. And amazing crocheted goods. This is amazing. What does Brian always say? Oh, and as always, it's almost Thursday.