It's festive. We were such assholes. Yeah. That was a good moment, man. Would we have just died, or would it have been a whole totally other campaign? That was our little Polymorph trick, right? We Polymorphed the giant and then dropped it? That was fun. Plus we had that flying carpet, which I know you just hated. Interesting. Aw, felt bad for little derpy Keyleth? Felt a little bad? Just a little? What was the turning point? I don't think I've ever asked you this question. What was the turning point when you were like, oh, maybe Vax has a crush-y? Like every other adolescent male, you stopped being an asshole and then realized--? Okay. My insights? Well, that was right after I killed the kid. Yeah. The first one. Because that was also one of the first big character-type changing moments that happened in our pre-stream game. I remember talking to you about it and you were like, "You should probably "think about how this is going to affect Keyleth. You snapped a kid's neck." And I was like, aw, shit. Now I've got to own this. And so she basically was really depressed after that and had lost herself and had continued on into her Aramente, where she went to the Earth kingdom and was having a hard time basically functioning or fighting or doing any type of magic or nature-shifting. So the vision ended up being my way of writing in her own epiphany. And it was more or less to represent the consequences of inaction. In that vision, I considered her to see her death. At the time it was so early that it was supposed to be a-- not meaning to be something to ever come to fruition ever, but yeah. It was supposed to be her lesson to herself that you figure it out or die. And we changed our name. Yeah, it ended up being more of an RP thing from Taliesin and Keyleth-- or, Keyleth and Percy's perspective, because we both were the ones from royalty. I had a goal. Clar-ah-ta? Wait, Daryl and Hannah? I didn't know that! She fell in love before, and then went on the boat. Plus, you know, Kash kind of beat you to the punch a little bit. But I think it was before you had a last name, right? That was most definitely a thing in our game. That definitely was a thing. (laughter) Yeah, we've dealt with a few people from it. Yes. No, not at all. She had a circlet, in our home game. She had a circlet that I kind of looped into-- was one of the last relics from her mom and her Ashari tribe that she took with us-- or, with her. You get what I'm saying. And then Kit was the one who drew it as the antlers. I told Kit, I was like, She's got a dope circlet. And that was about all I told Kit. And then it came back with antlers, and I was like, Oh, I love this! Whoops. Yeah. Just need a metal detector. Beep beep! The fact that they counted them! How? He eventually critted on a 19. You guys are rolling a lot more, too, because you have three attacks. Right? Or do you have two attacks? Wait, did he use Friends? He would have done that himself way sooner! And you were going for the trifecta. Yeah, you were going for it. Would there have been any other way to break him from that? Was it like a, "Ooh he's broken, I can fix him!" Amazing. That is such an extreme way of putting exactly what they were doing. It's very accurate. She was. I had a weird crisis with Keyleth for a little bit. For a while, I was like, I can't stay! What I am I doing here? Your friends will be the first people to drag you down. They're bad influences. And also at that time, I think it was about that time I kept repeating I have to continue my Aramente. I feel like I'm just dicking around at this point. I still have work to do. I got to go. You were also going through a character-- there were a few character crises. Yeah, me too. I mean, Keyleth was pretty boss there at the end. I almost left. Respect the antlers. (laughing) Practically goldfish. I thought that was the handle at first. How did we end up getting out of that? Was it one of those cases where you saw one of the guards wearing the belt and you were like, "Dude, for real?" Oh. No. Probably not. 100 percent no. No, she was still suffering from crippling self-loathing. Yeah, just no. She still didn't believe in herself and still was dealing with insecurity issues. It took her awhile. I think Keyleth still didn't fully believe it until she was getting that mantle put on her over in the final ceremony. I remember one of the bigger turning points of stepping up and making sure she was a leader was the kraken fight. I put a lot of responsibility on Keyleth and conversely myself for not stepping up and forcing a better plan on us. It was my task that almost got everybody killed. We almost TPK'ed that one, and we could have done that way better, and I think that was when she was like, "Oh, once again, those moral "lessons of inaction. Someone's got to fucking herd cats." I forgot about that. That was probably the exact turning point, that moment. I have a question. Had I not rolled a natural 20 when I stuck my hand into the ziggurat, anything under the natural 20, what would have happened to Keyleth? LAURA and No, not at all. No one even knew I was down there. Everyone was asleep and I didn't even tell anybody. You would have woken up and Keyleth would have been gone. How crazy would it have been it if I would have come back like Robin Williams in Jumanji and come back 20 years later and I'm like, "The shit I've seen!" Would you have ever gone with him? Would you have ever left with your bro? I like Chest Piece of Gloriousness. Hey, Ashley, can I ask you a question? What does the banner behind you say? Because it looks like it says "boobs are magic." How much is Scanlan repurposing that for his vows? He did that more than you raged! Sorry. Earth elemental? You can certainly try. MALE Sure. That's why I kept screaming, "Don't kill the fucking kraken, Grog!" Go find another kraken. Giant squid. Go find a second one. She would've been the only one, right? I remember deep into that conversation, I remember all of us reaching this point of, "We're "talking in circles, you're going to leave." It's not meant to be redone at all. You have the choice to tap out. Once again, Keyleth got close several times to being like, "Fuck this!" We're bosses by that point. What kind of a counterfeiter? Like a money counterfeiter? That's right, I do recall that. Yeah. Yeah, that's crazy. Yeah, sure. Yeah, we'll call that "suggestive." Was it really? Exactly like getting Taft Hartley-ed is what you're saying. I don't think you gave him any bullets. So we're back to the wedding. It all hit at a really inopportune time. If anything, it's kind of what you said about you guys not wanting to be like your brother and Keyleth. I mean, it kind of paid off in the end. It ultimately is a good lesson. Fuck it, don't wait! If you love somebody, don't wait! Go marry them! Tell them! You never know what could happen! Let them know! Yeah, don't be like creepy about it. You know, I thought about it, but nah. We worked really hard for that. It's mine. It would be better used in my hands, ruling my people, than in a museum somewhere. I know! Anyway, I did think about after the arc had ended and we were talking about what we were going to if I was going to go back to Melora's temple and give the staff back. Then I was like, "Nah, I just like it too much." Really pulls the whole Voice of the Tempest thing together. It's kind of crazy, because at that point in time it seemed like all of the ghost stories that we had been dealing with were real, and then hers-- yours wasn't. My most cast spell? Call Lightning? That would have tapped us out by the time we would have gotten there. And thank God he did. Yeah! I think it still would have been a learning process getting into it, but I think she had made peace that she was ready to do that and retire from adventuring because she was pretty exhausted by the end of that. She was pretty done. Ready to move onto the next chapter in her life. Especially when they keep growing. Like, jeez. I will say, when we cosplayed and did our opening title sequence and I was wearing those things, there's no practicality in that shit. It was awful. They were always in the fucking way. We all suffer as one! Impractical antlers! Yeah, I stabbed everyone that day. Oh god! Wait, which side did we go up? Yeah, which one of the-- The other one would have been the relics? Okay. I think she would've hesitantly tried. Yeah. I don't know if she would've gotten the results that would've wanted, which is why she would even be so tentative to doing it in the first place. Almost better to keep the illusion it for sure is Vax than the confirmation that it might not be at all. Totally! I was like Oh, fuck you, bird. Yeah! I think she might eventually, but I don't think she would right away. Feed me! Aww. Get it! Getting all the Vox Machina ladies! All three of us. Yeah. Cherry blossoms in the tree in the Voice of the Tempest ceremony. God, so many. The hanging tree. That one stuck with me. They feel like real memories. Remember the cannonball competition in the pool? That was great.