It is very-- yeah. Yeah, I feel like I need a desk in front of me. Sorry, I was just hype-manning you. Yeah! What? Besides, people leave at the end of panels. We all know this. They want to get to Game of Thrones. We were going to call it Vox Machina Assemble, but apparently that's already taken. So still working on the name. This way. Thank you! And here, Travis. And bye, box of donuts. I love you! Going through the 500 hours that we've-- There's a lot of math on it online. More of a parabola-- I thought the joke would break my fall. (gasps) That's right! There was that fanart! There was that fanart where we all come back as cows and Percy's like, what? I mean, there's no-- Darin De Paul in the house! Yeah, Sprigg's amazing. TRAVIS and You're awesome. What we would like them to be? I'm now envisioning Vax as Bird Person from Rick and Morty. "Hi. Dagger dagger dagger." I'd be all about a half-orc Keyleth. Aww, that's going to happen now? You put that into the world! Go Tess go! Go, do it! Is Bryant Park still doing the summer movie festivals where you can do free movies? New York's amazing. Or by being a student. Flash that student ID card everywhere. Hi, Michelle. Like, across all universes or in ours? I think, based on our last Battle Royale, and me and you going toe-to-toe, it'd be me and you to the end, man. We'd be terrible to take on. We'd never die. Man, we are way overcomplicating this. We are overthinking this way too much. People wonder why Vox Machina does this. We're just like this. This makes me want an Injustice Critical Role DLC. Can I be Matt's illusory beholder from the last episode? (laughter) Next question. Yeah, in a weird way, it feels like the longest longform improv. Yeah, part of the reason we did the playlists is because we were all already doing them. And then we thought, awesome, we'll publish them out. And the playlists-- I think it's actually a good tip for people trying to find their character who might be new to it, is build a playlist for your character. It informs a lot, and it gets you in the mood right before you go. (laughter) Yeah. Yes, cute! That's not true. I told you a bajillion times we would just do it. I've told you a bajillion times we would do it. Gaslighter! Currently-- Keyleth is-- she hasn't said it out loud in-game yet, but she will, but she's thankful for being taught how to love by a certain rogue. Ooh. Hey, y'all want to do some guest playlists? Yeah, sure. I want to see Bacchus Grog now, only wearing a grape leaf. I mean, I'm Voice of the Tempest, so probably some weather. (laughter) Basically turn into Storm. Everyone's least favorite X-Man. No, that's arranged for Dazzler, probably, right? The ones in arcades where you got in it? That was a great game. Was Secret of Mana 16-bit, or was that 8-bit? Secret of Mana. I loved that game. Yeah. Light applause, light applause. Manleth! (cheering) I think Keyleth would be like, "I knew it!" Can we jump into Shield of Tomorrow and do a Star Trek crossover? I'm into that. Once again... never mind. I feel like we can't go through all the fanart-- we do, but after the after-show reactions and responses, we can't really go through it as much anymore. I think it's that the development's never over; the world is always affecting the way you go. Keyleth fell from pretty high and got dark. Literally smeared on broken rocks. That was shocking. I'll pick that. No! Man! Almost got through a panel. I push him out the window at the Taco Bell. Yeah! I feel like for us, at the end of the game, for Matt, he's like, (sighs) "Done for the "week!" And I'm just getting revved up. I'm just saying, your stress seems to happen before the game and mine happens after. So the whole time, I'm like, "I mean, I don't know. What's the Raven Queen's deal? Is she to be "trusted? I don't know." And he's like-- I'm just talking to a brick wall.