Ashley, what are you doing here? I mean, everyone's voice actors, so we can get that out of the way, right? Yes, I guess I first got into tabletop roleplaying in particular with Matt. Matt was actually my first DM six, seven years ago, approximately. And I've had other games, I was a part of a Buffy the Vampire Slayer tabletop RPG, which was super fun. Yup. It's a good game. I was a pyromancer, it was awesome. I will say, though, once you have Matt, it's hard to go back. Once you go Matt, you can't go back. It works. Shut up, don't judge me, Travis. Chris, hi! How are you? I didn't see you. Oh, and it's Erika! Hi, you guys! Yeah, it does feel like being the little kid who's like, "No, there's a monster under our "bed." And everyone was like, "Oh yeah. No, you're right. There totally is a monster kicking it under "there." And you're like, "What?! They see it too?!" And I feel like that's true every time we get a piece of fanart that comes in, because I know personally I was afraid-- I was like, I hope this story translates. I hope what we see they can see. But every time we see a piece of fanart or anything like that, it's like, oh yeah, no, that's-- yep, that's Gilmore. Holy shit. They see it too! It's kind of like a reality show, but we're not putting ourselves through the wringer, we're putting our characters through it, so it's great. I will say-- no, you. What I was actually going to say was, I am actually really impressed at the Critters as a whole and the Critter Nation. We had an awesome story that we heard from our friend Dani who's a Critter. I know, right? Hi! Yeah, she came out here and then was talking to another Critter, and he was like, "You're in Southern California? Well, I know people at Disneyland, so I can get you "passes to Disneyland." And it was just because they like Critical Role. So you guys are awesome because you guys are taking care of each other, and I'm really loving the communities that I'm seeing are being built and the friendships that are being built around this. Questions? Q&A? Yeah, is there a mic floating around? Liam's got it. To which I was like, "Remember, your party would not take kindly to that. I don't think "Keyleth would be able to take your back on that one." Shut up. Oh my god! AUDIENCE I actually still use Vaxy-stabby to remember that. Cause we said vaxstab, like backstab. So he does vaxstab as rogue. Vaxstab. Vex-dex? Yeah, that works. I'll buy that for a dollar. Workshop it. I also really like elven names, but I'm like, "I feel that my name should have meaning." I don't know why. I'll tend to pick a character. For Keyleth I was like, "She's an Air Druid, so I'll name her something airy. So I'll type in "'air.'" I'll go to an elven dictionary and I'll type in, "air." It'll pop out all these elven words for air. Or if my character was angsty, I'll put in "angsty," and it'll pull out all these elven words for angsty. And I picked something based on that. So I think Keyleth was actually originally spelled with a Q. It was a Que-- It meant like a zephyr. It meant like a wind, so I switched it and renamed it and got Keyleth. No, it means silent but deadly. And now we're trademarking it. But I would like to point out, we didn't even realize that you had done that until a few weeks ago. And we were like, ah! Because you were playing Elder Scrolls Online. That's what it was. I was actually going to say, I think one of my most heroic moments was in the same game when Pike died, and Keyleth turned into an eagle, and I scooped you up, and got you to the temple first. Was it at the same time that the tower was collapsing? Oh, that was beforehand. Okay. The magic carpet was awesome, because we were trying to use it as a parachute. And it was essentially a gamble move anyway. We were going to be like, oh, let's be-- Exactly. We are going to be like those toy GI Joes that you throw over your balcony, and it doesn't work. That's what we thought. Then we're trying to parachute with a rug, and that's when Matt's like, "And you float down slowly because you learn the carpet is magic." (singing) I wish you would step back from that ledge, my friend. At any moment you hear us on the screen being like, "Oh god! I'm hyperventilating! The "adrenaline! My heart's racing! I'm shaking!" That's all 100% real. We'll actually be like, "Oh, "we've got to roll. Oh, I dropped it!" It's awful. It's all real. It's good. Ten minutes! We've been here the whole time. Yeah, we're having a great time! We have a baseball field behind us! So that's cool. You would be like, "What are you going to do?" And if we say "Uh," more than three times, then he's like, "Nah." We'd go, "Uh, uh, uh," "Moving on." Exactly! We're their saviors! By the way, this is essentially a glimpse into our time after the show cuts. It's us yelling and being like, "Why did you do that?! You could have died! Don't you scare me like that again!" Feel like a protective mom being like, slamming on the brakes. Our time is now! AUDIENCE We brought sleeping bags. Yeah, we'll be here. Oh, Ify! Money talks and bullshit walks.