Definitely not friends. Not based on friends. I know. Yeah, I will say, doing the live show when I got the "How do you want to do this?" and the entire audience exploding at Gen Con? Definitely one of the top three, maybe four moments of my life. It's insane. People have it tattooed on their bodies. Yeah, we work things out from the response on the internet from the week before on the game. It's like an ouroboros. That is true, yeah. Some people walk out to the ring with hardcore metal music. We shout profanities at our DM. That's what we do to hype ourselves up. On this entire question about therapy, we've only talked about things that people go to therapy about. Yeah, if you're not some type of war general planning Sun Tzu type of shit next campaign-- Is it kind of like a Vegas situation, like, what happens in the Nine Hells stays in the Nine Hells? If so, Spring Break '94! Cancun! Laura and I were genuinely pissed at you for a good 24 hours. Not cool. You totally did. Sometimes Matt will read one back and I'll be like, that's funny! Who said that? And he'll be like, you did. And I'm like, oh. Yeah, what was I talking about? "Trust me, I have an intelligence of six. I know what I'm doing." I mean, she's always going to put her foot in her mouth at least once a week. Yeah. Hopefully, I don't think I ever want Keyleth to lose her wonderlust, her excitement for the world and her love for the world. Barbarian. Yeah. But I'm going for that Archdruid, bitches. I want that level 20! Kind of reminds us of the City of Brass. Each person that walks up, it's like a reveal. Step into the spotlight! Stephen Colbert. We have tossed into the universe that we would love to try and play with the Stranger Things kids. Having the entire party strung up on a tree in Whitestone, that's when I was like, Who are you? Who am I sleeping next to every night? Oh god! What do you dream? And this past game, you punished Travis for using big words! Sometimes. Not lying. Every time he gets a new Dwarven Forge set, he plays house. I'm a little partial to the Dust of Tracelessness, just because then I get to hear Travis say, "I do the Dust of Tracelessness with my flower girl routine." Basically all the things Grog has. All of Grog's stuff. Remember, this is fine. There are a few Geek & Sundry reps that are watching right now. They'll come up, like Eddie over here who's waving his hands, or Chris who's walking toward you in a very dedicated manner. Talk to one of them, they'll help you out.