Thanks. I'm here, it's early. Tell us! ...the spell to banish the evil sorcerer. It's our theme song. [JENGA] This room is so cool! I'm hoping they can save the set,  I kind of want those wall sconces. Okay, you guys. Is there something that's gonna happen? Okay, good call. Can I just live there? I just want to live in the room. Here's a deck of cards. They're tarot cards. Have we looked at this yet? Gifts of Gold, Frigid Fancy. I'm probably only looking for like one or two, aren't I? There must be some toros in the atmosphere. The magician? Okay. Head of garlic? Here's a-- what is this, you guys? This has a little-- this does that. That does that. That looks important, right? Is there anything on the bottom of that, Chris? While he's got that goin', here's the magician. We haven't done shit! Is this just a spell to make us look stupid? Okay, so I'm guessing some of these potions are just red herrings? [JENGA] restore your wand to its former might, one must-- Oh my god, we suck so hard! The-- there's another deck, there's another deck. Hang on.  I don't know why there's two decks. Go, go, go, go. Oh, shit! I start trying to push his head out of the way so I can see the words. 'Cause apparently I do that. Read it backwards. A-U-P-- Are you sure, you guys? Wait, wait, wait. Is it this? Purification? Okay, here's Dragon's Breath. What does that mean? Oh, ground humerus. Wait, wait. Did we also get the spider's feast? Or bugs. Yeah, it's gotta be something buggy. This is so foul looking. I'm nervous about the dragon's breath. A lot of the ingredients in these potions can be easily switched out for other ingredients  and that's making me really nervous. I don't want to make this potion 80 times,  I really don't. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, that's what we need. Dragon's tears, not dragon's breath. I don't know what else it would be. Does it have a--? The finishing touch must be sung. We cannot get too literal but also we want to make sure we're literal enough  to where we're not missing clues. Maybe it's another ingredient. Something-- oh, ground vocal cords! It's in, it's in! Now what? Do we have to drink it? Which one-- what are we missing-- Our public school educations are failing us! Do vinegar. That's what I'm looking for. [MATT, offscreen] We're pretty sure we have all the right ingredients and we put them together  and we're trying this out, but it's still not working.  We're really frustrated. So we began to have to look at it even closer  and try and see if there's something we're missing in this specific dialogue. "Drops of water, undead's bane." There's two separate things. ♪ She's drinking a potion! ♪ Go, go, go! All right, well jeez. We're fucked." What does it say? Okay, okay. Is this the hourglass? There it is. Look for a magic amulet? What has my life become? I'll follow this line. Just need to follow the lines. Number one is the feather. Yeah. It's like a diamond with legs. One, two, three, four, five, six. As I'm starting to figure out that each of these items have an individual number-- Right here, look look look.  --I'm realizing the table across the way from it also had all these correlating numbers. Yeah.  At this point we're not sure quite how far along we are and if this [JENGA] story's going to come to fruition. Guys, we can do this! "Dimisisti inimicum!" We even have our wand out, we don't care if it works. Oh, there's a restoration-- oh, right, right, right! Where is it? So we're at this final moment, we have everything assembled-- Did we fail? Janet coming in the room was kind of the same feeling I have when Janet comes into the room usually,  which is kind of depressing. Nooo! If it was an option to kick her out of the room, I might have.  And maybe held the door closed, hoping for some more time.  But apparently that's not a thing. Yeah, what are they doing with this set? There were vocal cords-- oh, we were just supposed to sing it? You're going to have food poisoning here tomorrow!