We miss you guys! Here, look! We'll break reality. Look at yourself! Tips for being chaotic neutral? AUDIENCE Yeah, Travis, take it away! (laughter) Stand up, so the people on the other end of the world can see you. She's super cool! Keyleth thinks she's super cool. Yeah man! I think you're awesome. Yeah, that's tough. That's why we all end up inevitably saying something stupid when you're trying to sound intelligent, at least once. You repeat words. Yeah. Next character, not going to be good! No! Tired of this moral compass shit. (laughter) That's our favorite! Let's do you in the back with the Gilmore shirt on? Yeah, you! AUDIENCE Did you guys hear that? The question is, do we-- Yeah, 5th edition brought in the backgrounds, which I thought was really cool and interesting, especially for people who aren't as readily familiar with jumping in and role playing, and coming up with a fully fleshed out backstory for someone, so I think that was really cool to help people get inspired in that way that they brought in 5th edition. What these guys said. You're pointing at us. Yeah, I mean, you kind of took mine. Yeah, each game that we see, where someone's like, "We're playing for the first time because of you "guys!" It's like this little victory, and I mean it's so overwhelming every time, like there's a reason why Laura and I cry every time at Critmas. Because it's overwhelming. Because you get all these letters, about people saying-- I honestly believe that playing Keyleth for four or five years now-- how long? I don't know. However long we've been doing this-- almost five years. Has made me a more empathetic and better person. I don't know if I was someone who inherently tried to think about other people first before Keyleth. Now she's putting myself in her shoes. I genuinely think because you always learn more when you walk a mile in someone else's shoes, you get that perspective. So I think rolling someone who is just trying to do the best-- the most beneficial, good, positive choice every time, even though there might not be one is interesting. Thank you. Sorry, I dropped it on the floor. You're very resourceful, Travis. You're probably our best strategist. You just unfortunately play a stupid character. (laughter) Yeah, totally. Dude, that means you've made it. That's like a-- Dude. You're not web-famous until you're like sad Keanu. Or like that Facebook that just posts the same picture of Tobey Maguire crying every day. Half-elf druid, bitches! Half-elf! No, I don't know. I have been a half-elf and a druid for a very long time. So it's hard to say what's going to be more my favorite. Dwarves are pretty dope. (Swedish dwarf impression) Welcome to the city of Kraghammer. Oh, we know. Paladins have a thing, they're like, "Rally! Rabble, rabble, rabble." Don't Warcraft paladins kind of have a same thing too where they can be like (rally cry)? What's that called? AUDIENCE Oh, it's Diablo. You know what, I can't keep all of my paladins straight, you guys! Let's go you right in front in the duck hat. AUDIENCE You have to be really clever. She has one! What? Are you serious? Exactly, I can control weather. Thank you guys! Bye! Oh, I love those guys. Vic! Oh, hi! How are you? Your shirt is badass. Can we talk for a second about-- you look like you're ready to adventure right now. Like your armor is ready to be thrown on. How are you? This is the con where people just come in and they're like, "Hey guys, just thought I'd come "by your panel." You just missed them. See you later, Vic! MATT and Definitely. I smell like him now. All right, next question. Yeah, you had one, right? You were going to go next. AUDIENCE I thought it was going to be a one-shot! Was not supposed to last for five years. I was like, "I never play good, insecure people, I should do that." Just once. Yeah, and I always to reiterate that when we first started our game-- because we'd already been playing for about two years before we turned the camera on-- our first game was just that. It was silly, it was crazy. I remember Laura took to it, she had never played before, she took to it like a fish to water. She gets in and she's like, (Vex impression) "All right lads. Come on, let's "get in here, let's go kill something." I remember Liam and Travis being like, "What? What's going "on? Why are they talking like--?" I remember Travis being like, "You have an accent? Do I have "to have a British accent? Does everyone have to have a British accent?" (laughter) It is going to be a really good book. Ashari is a background. We made Ashari a background. I can think of an Ashari warlock background right now. Maybe you're a fire Ashari and grew up in the City of Brass and then you stumbled upon the rift in the plane, the split between our realm and theirs, and then you ended up just becoming a part of the Ashari tribe and living amongst them because you appreciated them and you were a warlock first. You could be a warlock Ashari, you could do it! He does maybe two, three voiceover sessions a day, comes home, goes in his office, writes. Wake up, do it again. This has been for six, nine months. Almost done, though. He basically had a green Bigby's Hand. Right here. AUDIENCE Also, if anyone is not aware, we have a little sideshow on Geek & Sundry called GM Tips and you've done the first several. Then we're going to switch to a different GM, because you can only learn so much from one teacher. Right, guys? Other people have different perspectives. We're going to switch it up soon, so be on the lookout for that. The GM Tips is really good for anyone. They're five-minute episodes. Matt's a writer. He writes for videogames. He works for Turtle Rock a lot. He wrote Evolve, a lot of the dialogue and stuff for Evolve, so he knows what he's talking about. He's a good source. From a player standpoint, to answer your question, some of the stuff that started really blowing our minds was when the terrain started coming into place. The fight in the Underdark, where if you stood in one place and didn't move on your turn, then the undead hands would reach up and start pulling you underground. That was what started really messing with us, when there were environmental situations that started coming into play, because that doesn't always have to be a bad guy. Matt, you tend to do a lot of guys in waves. Which is interesting, because especially as a player, you're like, "These two bastards, all right." Bam bam bam bam, "All right, "we only took one hit-- aw, three more are coming?" (groans) (laughter) I feel like it's always there are bad things in tiny packages. You notice it's always the tiny enemies that you underestimate, like what was that little brain dude with legs that kept zapping Grog's intelligence? What were those called? No, they were like mind sucker things. Brain Devourer, yes! Man, those guys. It's dumb. (laughter) I know! It's kismet because we've gotten lucky in several battles where we should have all died. So I'll take doors. I'll take that as an exchange. Let's see, you also doing the Bigby's Hand to him. Yeah, you. AUDIENCE Yeah! AUDIENCE That's a great question. Favorite town/city, man. Any of the towns in the Feywild are always crazy and awesome. Yeah, what was it called? But Syngorn's not based in the Feywild. Just the Feywild in general was cool. Invaded it, and then killed them all. (laughter) That moment when you realize Vox Machina's just a fascist regime in the Feywild. They were being dicks! That's true. City of Brass was awesome. Ank'Harel was incredible. That's all you; that's not necessarily D&D. City of Brass is D&D. What's your favorite city? I want to call my period "the Lady of Pain". (laughter, applause) You pick it. Yeah, you in the how do you want to do this shirt! Sorry. AUDIENCE Hang on. I'm sure I have one. Favorite and least favorite character. Someone that's... There's got to be-- It's uncanny. We're not making that shit up, you guys. I've never seen anything like that. He breaks math. He breaks the law of averages. "I spent my doctorate on this!" Man. Least favorite is so hard, because even the people that you get frustrated with or that you don't like, it doesn't mean that they're bad characters. Generally, everyone is so fleshed out and thorough-- No, I'm being serious. In game, I've had altercations with Kima, but she's probably one of my favorite characters. Raishan was Keyleth's arch-enemy, but also one of my favorite villains that we've had to date. Even though she was frustrating, because you never knew what she'd say, if it was true or not. Yeah, it's good. It's tough. I like things that break the meta-narrative. I don't believe that there is a 100% good vs evil metric system; that's why I love anti-heroes so much, and I love characters that break that formula. I feel like most of our characters in the game do. Not everyone's great, and not everyone's horrible, either. Everyone has their motives. That's what's always important everyone has their motives. Some of my favorites? I'm really partial to Allura, but I think it's because Keyleth is starting to look to her as a mentor, as an example of leadership and who she wants to become, so yeah. Allura is great. We've had some good moments, me and Allura. Yeah. Good times, me and A. Me and Allie. That's true. Sorry. It's jam town over there. [offscreen singing and laughter] AUDIENCE If only I had a nickel. Yeah, you. You've been enthusiastic. Yeah, what's up? AUDIENCE Hey! DM in the house! AUDIENCE (accented) Was that north country? (accented) Oh, west country? Oh. (laughter and applause) Oh yeah! I want to go insane so bad. What's that one where you're basically an anime character? Yeah. All right, let's see. Let's do you with the Overwatch hat. Yeah, you. AUDIENCE That's okay! Hi! Oh, you're like a samurai. AUDIENCE I know Eberron's a popular campaign. That's old-school. Cows. I will never forget that until the day I die. Nothing will beat flying cows. Then using ourselves as cows as living bait. Then chasing down somebody, still as cows. That was great. (mooing) You could honestly lead this conversation with anything Sam does. Yeah, I feel like good stuff always comes-- the spa. When we were in the spa in the mansion and we did the cannonball contest! That was awesome, that was fun! I like when we use our enormous power and strength for petty competitions. Just great! Yeah, we're just a bunch of kids. And Colville DMed for you not long ago. Yeah, for me, you, and Liam. MATT And Fryda Wolff! The female lead voice in the new Mass Effect Andromeda, who hadn't booked that at the time, we were happy to hear she got that. As I always say, it's your world, we're just playing in it. Let's go in the back for the people who are far in the back. You, the guy who's got the devil horns up, who I can't see really. Yeah, you! Hi! AUDIENCE That's weird. Keep going. AUDIENCE The question was about giving cities texture beyond a pub. You do such a good job. I feel like we throw curveballs at you, and you always have an answer. Like when we were like, "What's the main underground market here?" You're always like, "I mean, drugs!" We're like, "How did you-- you already knew that?" You seem to always know the underbelly of the city as well. Weapons. Like Victor. What about when we went to Draconia, the lead Ravenite's name? What was her name? AUDIENCE Tooma! Was she made up? Damn it! Never mind. Forget I said anything. Really? Yeah. I will say, this isn't really spoiler-y, I felt a little bad when we were like, "Let's go to the Earth Ashari," this past episode. I could immediately see you being like, "Yeah? Okay." "Uh-huh, okay. Oh, you're going to go over? Okay, you guys do that for a second." Sure. (singing) Scanlan, Bigby's Hand! AUDIENCE We used to do, back before we streamed, we would pull 12-hour D&D days, and we would get together around 10am and we would always start with a nice brunch and mimosas. So great! Bagels, some yogurt, smoked salmon, and mimosas. Then you play D&D all day. It's the best. Let's do... yeah, you in the red dress. Yeah, you! AUDIENCE It's on a lake. AUDIENCE I'd say yes. I think when you're playing a character-- we're in these characters for generally... four hours a week, it's hard to not let a little bit of that real-world influence bleed occasionally. Yeah. That's from a DM stand. I'm sure as a player, I know-- my therapist, actually, is fascinated with the game and the way that sometimes the game will mirror our real lives unintentionally. For example, my therapist here recently has been fascinated by the idea as I've slowly taken on leadership positions at Geek and Sundry, and she's fascinated that Keyleth is slowly coming into herself as a leader as she's completing her Aramente, so my therapist is like, "Holy shit. Tell me more about your D&D game! I'm a psych major, and this is insane!" I'm like, "I "know." I don't think it's any secret that Liam had a really dark time last year with his mom and problems in his family, with her being sick. I think it was definitely a stage that it could be worked out on. It's hard to not let those dark thoughts bleed sometimes. It's never intentional. If anyone hasn't seen The IT Crowd-- by the way, I noticed your shirt earlier-- there's an amazing episode of The IT Crowd where they play D&D, and Roy has just gone through a breakup, and he's working out that his girlfriend that he recently broke up with didn't really say goodbye, and he was left without closure, so he gets that closure in the game. There are two great episodes, I feel, in modern sitcom history that do a good job at showing what D&D is succinctly, and that's the Community episode of D&D and The IT Crowd episode of D&D, and I think they show them differently for both ways. The IT Crowd version shows that therapeutic element. It's also why I'm a massive believer in D&D being used in elementary schools and middle schools and kids who might have social issues and kids who might be more on the spectrum and leaning towards autism, because it gives them a stage and an acceptable, closed, basically mock-reality situation where they can try their social techniques and use social dynamics without real-world consequences, and I think that speaks volumes. One of the amazing things, harkening back to a way earlier question about what are the benefits of bringing the show onto the internet, is I've talked to so many educators and teachers and librarians who are now bringing D&D and D&D clubs to the schools and for kids who might have more social problems, and the stories that come back are breathtaking and awe-inspiring of these kids finding themselves and practicing. Just practicing without judgment from the real world, and I love D&D for that reason. (applause) Keyleth! AUDIENCE It's generally not intentional. Same thing. It takes practice, I think, getting through that boundary of "nope, Keyleth "doesn't know that. I know that. Keyleth doesn't know that." It takes practice, and it's the same reason why every single one of us at one point in time over the 85 episodes we've been streaming have gone, "I say this-- nope, I'm not there. I'm not there. Shit. Sorry!" And it's never intentional. I hope everyone understands that. Just as much as everyone else can get caught up in the story, so can we, and it's so easy to be like, "I-- shit, I'm at a pub. I'm not even there. Never "mind. Never mind!" It's weird the way the word metagaming has become so vilified since we've started. For a while, you thought the M-word was almost as bad as the G-word. "Holy shit. I'm sorry! I didn't know "people are taking this personally." And if you look inward at yourself, you've probably done it, too, in your game. By accident. I say try to be cool. Be aware of it. Yeah. Let's do you, since we're not sure which the fingers were all pointing. AUDIENCE What caused him to start creating Exandria, and when did he feel comfortable revealing it? Let's do you in the plaid. Yeah. AUDIENCE Don't you have an episode of GM Tips that's about making encounters more difficult without just giving them more hit points? And like what we were saying earlier, an enemy that does 12 hit points? That sucks. It sucks way more if there's pools of lava that are lapping up next to us, and we might get hit into the lava at any point by this guy. Literally. Like Vax Dimension Dooring with his cloak and then pulling a lever, which almost led us all to our doom. (laughs sarcastically) He still feels bad about that one. "I'm going to save you guys!" Acid starts filling up the room. Thanks, Vax! Thanks, buddy. Like face-planting in lava, nothing's worse than being like, "I'm coming to save you!" (grunting) Nothing's worse than that. "I'm going to be a hero--" And we're signing from 730 to 930? OFFSCREEN We can go a little bit over. I just have to pee at some point soon. MATT and Oh, there's a panel here at 700. Okay, we'll do a couple more questions. Okay! Yes, you, with the curly hair. Yeah! AUDIENCE It's so awesome. Every time. I remember-- and I feel like people forget about it a lot, but we totally avoided an entire encounter when we were going into the Fire Plane, and then I turned into a fire elemental and used my Ignan language to be like, "I'm bigger and better than you. Go back to "where you came from!" And they were like, "Yeah, okay," and walked away. We avoided an entire encounter with a bunch of fire elementals by doing that. That was dope. Unless they're Feebleminded. (laughter and applause) (coughs) Ripley. (coughs) We fell for every bait. Following Percy. All right, let's do you with the peach phone that you're holding up. AUDIENCE Everyone's sick, man. It's going around. AUDIENCE 2nd-level spells. Technically, every time I do a Grasping Vine, I should only be able to do a cantrip, but that would be lame, so we do Grasping Vine, and I can do a 2nd-level or lower. We're at level 17 now, most of us. Yeah, so we're pretty beefy. I know that's another thing that's ended up happening, but when we started the stream, we were level seven or level eight, but now there's been a decent amount of new people who have come in and been like, "Jesus Christ, they're fighting pit "fiends?" Yeah, we're pretty beefy, at that point.