(laughs) Man, I don't know why we keep trying really hard. We're trying so hard, man, to make this work! Trying so hard. All right, guys, this is going to be our last attempt, so if this fails just know that we love you and we tried. And we wish you a happy Thanksgiving. Yeah, service is quite spotty and we're slowly leaving civilization even more as we speak. And we lose signal. But yes. Happy Thanksgiving and we can't wait-- it's weird that tomorrow's Thursday and there's no game. It's become so ingrained into our system. Although, in a weird way, it's almost like this week, time has been different. I feel like, normally, the weeks feel so long getting to Thursday, but now I think, because I was anticipating it being a two-week break, I feel like this is more of a-- this feels like a halfway point. I don't know. It's weird to describe, but yes. You concur. It's good. It's weird. We miss it. Yeah, I think they are doing a rebroadcast tomorrow, actually. So if you guys want to catch up on Critical Role, or have nothing better to do, or-- does football still happen on Thanksgiving Day? If you don't want to watch football, you can watch Critical Role. Which would be kind of a-- what? Well, I don't know! Never mind. Three games. Yes, there's a lot of football happening tomorrow. There's always football. How about that comic this week, you guys? How about that comic that came out today? Am I right? I am so in love with it. I'm not going to lie. Out of all the ones that Taliesin and I have written for this arc that are coming up, this one I was the most excited for and she did not disappoint. This is definitely one of my favorite ones that we came up with and she did a really good job on it. I was happy with it. I was happy with it. I know. I know that the comic is really short, but we are making do with the budget that we got. So that is what we were able to get approved in advance. The time and-- That's why we've been pushing people so hard to go look at it because as long as people go look at the comic, we can possibly get more comic. Yeah, the reason why it's so short is because that's what we've got to work with right now. Yeah, for the people who are asking, go to geekandsundry.com and we now have a weekly Critical Role/Vox Machina comic strip. Definitely go check it out. Yeah, a comic strip! Like Family Ties or Marmaduke. Wait, what did I say? Family Circus is what I meant! (laughs) Yeah. Exactly. People are saying, someone said, "You voiced Chrom in Fire Emblem?" They said, "I thought that was Crispin!" Yeah. Crispin's everyone else. But he's Chrom. Aw. I have a bird sitter for Dagon, don't worry. Dagon's one, not in the car, and two, not abandoned or left alone. Dagon gets carsick. Yeah, birds get carsick. I don't know if you guys know that, but birds get carsick. You wouldn't think, but birds get carsick. Their little equilibrium in their brain, they do not like the driving. It gets weird for them. It's interesting. We have to make it dark and I have to be a shock system and be like, "Don't look outside!" People who get sea sickness, it's kind of like that. Don't look at the horizon, you'll know you're driving and then you'll get sick! Yeah, retool! Yeah, he was saying "Blood Hunter," by the way, for anyone, "Blood Hunter," not void hunter or demon hunter. Blood Hunter. Word! I wasn't looking at questions because I was trying to get good camera angles of your face. That's not true! Someone else had a good question right before and I was like, "Ooh that's a good "question! I'm going to have to remember that one." And then I forgot about it. I don't know. If you had a good question, just ask it again, person who had a good question! Yeah. Ooh! That's actually a good question. Advice for making a tiefling cleric. Generally, really, there's no wrong answers. People need to just know that when building a character, there's no wrong answers as long as you're able to justify it. I really like what Taliesin had to say about it in his interview that he did, the written interviews that we did on Geek & Sundry. He said his method for making characters is he always tries to make someone he'd want to hang out with because, especially if you're starting a long-running campaign, you are going to be with this person for a very long time. So make someone you'd want to hang out with. I think that's a really good tip. Oh, I have a lot of friends who are assholes! Right! Scanlan is kind of a scummy douchebag, but-- He's a loveable, scummy douchebag! Yeah! Everyone has their vices. That you know of. That you know of. Totally. Yeah. Druid second place? Druid second place to who? Nobody. That's what I say. What what! Those are fighting words. Once again, guys, I apologize if we lose service; we're driving in the desert. I'm looking at my phone for service. So if we lose service here soon, happy Thanksgiving and we love you guys so much and we'll be back soonish. "What's the deal for this "month's Critmas?" It's happening on not this next episode, but the episode after. But we're pushing it this week because first Thursday of the month is next Thursday. Christmas. Be looking out for the website because I'm going to be putting out a Critter's Guide for Critmas here very soon. So yes, to help guide people because we've gotten a lot of questions on what to do and what to get. One of the things that's going to be talked about a lot in there is all of the charities that we all really like supporting because as much as we like stuff, we really like it when people give to other charities, especially give to people in our name. People have been doing that more and more and we really like that. Someone adopted a bear and then we recently-- we haven't talked about it on-stream yet, but we got somebody who donated a bunch of seeds in our name. Bought seeds for farmers. It's a charity, a non-profit organization that buys seeds and crops for farmers who might have lost their crops for the year due to drought or plant disease or extreme weather, or anything that can happen to these poor farmers that can completely ruin their year if they lose their entire crop. So this is an organization that will donate fresh crops and fresh seeds to farmers who might have lost their crops. Coming from a farming family-- And a druid, that definitely speaks to me because I know how much that sucks and I know what it's like when your family-- --loses-- yes! Due to blight. Exactly. It's awful when you lose your crops due to blight and the poor farmers in our country-- poor farmers everywhere are not appreciated enough. Look at Whitestone! Yeah! Especially considering that farmers keep us alive. So farmers are awesome. Stuff like that is a great cause to donate to that we always appreciate. Oh, that's awesome! Tuk said there's somebody-- a local charity that buys Christmas trees for families. Correct me if I'm wrong on that. The chat just went really fast. That's really rad. Yeah. I like that. We've really enjoyed giving back to 826 and all that stuff has been so rewarding. All the Extra Life campaign, going and visiting the Children's Hospital is amazing. It's been so great to actually give back in a way that-- you sometimes feel like you don't necessarily have the power to all the time in your day to day life, so this-- That's what it was! That's what the person was saying earlier! The really good question that I remembered! Oh god! Kit Buss and Rat Queens, because that is public because someone brought that up in the announcements. Speaking of this whole crazy escapade doing amazing things for people. Yeah! Kit got contacted by Kurtis Wiebe who is the writer and creator of Rat Queens, whom I know you guys have Laura and all the rest of us talk about it on the show all the time. Kit is actually going to be doing the art for a Rat Queens webcomic! Which is fucking awesome and amazing. Yeah! I'm so glad because she's earned it, beyond earned it. And all because of Critical Role! It's crazy! Because of our dumb D&D game! That connection happened because-- Yeah, it's awesome. "Yay for Kit's fake accent!" I know. Maybe one day she'll learn how to do a proper British accent like Liam. Maybe, or you. Yeah.