Hi guys! Did you show them our new floors? I accidentally took a shower on when I [inaudible]. I'm a little wet. I hate it when that happens. Hi guys, did you show them your mini organization? It's getting updated, slowly but surely. We have so little time. I am so ready. Hi, how are you guys? (kisses) How's everyone doing? So yeah, Matt's freshly showered and blew-dried his hair. I've been doing construction work on the house all day. I had sawdust in my hair. I've been cutting down dead trees and pressure-washing the house and doing manual labor because he hates doing manual labor. Okay, so am I just picking a box and opening one, just like Christmas? Oh my goodness gracious. Hey, got it from Wizards of the Coast. I think it's my dad's new favorite mug. He's been using it for coffee since he's been here. My dad really likes it. All right, I'm digging, because I see-- I got these in one of those hundreds of different leggings stores where all leggings, ten dollars stores. Off Melrose, yeah. So it's not like a brand. We'll find out, but it's another Adopt-a-Species. I like those. It says Travis Willingham on it, but that could just be because they wanted to put a name. This is neat. From the World Wildlife Federation. Ooh, what's it say? Oh, this is a gorilla. Aww, no, it is for Grog. Said "Dear Grog, This is a certificate of acknowledgement for Grog "Strongjaw." Someone adopted a gorilla. The problem with these is they don't often tell you-- Who sent it, and it's very frustrating. I don't know how to fix that problem. And there it is! (growls) I love the Adopt-a-Species through the National Zoo. It's such a fantastic organization. Thank you guys so much! Yeah, let us know, whoever adopted the gorilla for Grog, and we will deliver it for him. Put that in the Grog pile, okay. Here's another one for Travis. Wait, let me do this one, though. It's heavy. Knives are more efficient. That sounded really sadistic, but that's not what I was going for. Ooh. Oh my goodness gracious. To overlords. Oh, to Overlords. It's a letter for Overlords, I don't want to read it, just in case he's-- To Critical Role cast. Two extra packs. What's going on? "Dear Critical Role, Thank you so much for all the enjoyment you've brought me and "all the other Critters. I'll keep it short by simply saying thank you for letting us into your "world. I laugh with you, cheer with you, cry with you. Amazing ride so far. May it continue for much "longer. Since you bring me so much joy I figured a gift that would bring you and your close ones joy "would be fitting, so I hope you'll enjoy these custom playing cards." "Love, Emily @emilyfantasies." Oh my god. Holy crap. And she sent-- One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. So it says, "The two extra "packs--" Which, I mean, to be fair, me and you can share a pack, and I'm sure Laura and Travis can share a pack, and we'd have a few extra ones. Yeah. "The two extra packs can be given to whomever you wish, perhaps to some of the "people featured on the cards, like Kit, Wil, and Mary or to lucky Critters in a giveaway or even to "the kids at 826, who I'm sure would love to play card games too. I'll let you decide." Wait a second. Look at these really nice art boxes too. Don't ruin the cards. Sorry, this is boring. Look at that. These are great, actually. (laughs) The Jack. Queen is Cassandra. Percy is the King. Guess who's the Joker? No. No. No. (laughs) That's great. Those are really nice cards. That's fantastic. You guys. Thank you. This was @emilyfantasies. Thank you, Emily. Thank you, Emily. These are so great. They better freak out about these. I'm going to put these back, then I'll have a free hand. Okay. Two extra packs, what to do with two extra packs. Oh my goodness gracious. You guys, you outdo yourselves every time. Let's see what this is. That goes to the Overlords. We could turn the music up a little bit, if you want. Help drown it out, blend with it. You kind of like it? (gasps) Oh! Someone just sent us the best VO care package. Someone's been paying attention. No, he's making a frame for the door to the water heater. (laughs) (singing) Who sent this? I'm trying to figure this out. (singing) Give me a second. A gift for you. "If I didn't hear it from them, then it must have been a Rob Paulsen "podcast. At least I think this is what they were talking about. I used to use these a lot. Thank "you for how you inspire us. Your fan, @gnacinojay." G-N-A-C- But, these are fantastic. Taliesin swears by these. They are the honey loquat candy, the honey loquat cough drops. It's the Nin Jiom Pei Pa Koa, but in cough drop form, which is fantastic. Oh my god. That's amazing. "Fred juice," yeah. We call it "boom-boom juice." I don't know. I've heard it been called a lot of things. This already looks (gasps) incredible. Yeah. These popped open, so I'm trying to get them back into a more presentary form before I pull them out. These are crayons. Gilmore's Glorious Color Sticks. They even say "Gilmore's" on the crayon. And we each have books-- Oh? You're going to-- Okay, hang on. Let me see. I'm trying to figure it out. Look, normally we sort these things beforehand and get an idea and I didn't. "To the cast of Critical Role I "have to admit, I never considered writing a letter to someone who has no idea who I am before, but "after seeing Critmas happen so many times and seeing your honest delight in hearing from people "who love the show, it seemed like the most natural thing in the world. I found books included in this "package are my way of saying thank you for sharing your adventures with us--" Oh, "the books included "in this package." Sorry, it's been a long day. "I found the show at a time when I really needed it. "Laughing out loud was something I hadn't been doing much of late. Life is pretty good, but "depression lies, and had been quite convincing for a while." It goes on "I've enjoyed every moment "of learning how to bind books." Okay, wait. "I love to see all the wonderful things you create--" (reading quickly, mumbling) "I can't draw, although I'm learning, or paint, but I recently "stumbled--" Okay. "But I can use InDesign. I recently create and modify forms for a living, and "I have recently stumbled across a tutorial for book-binding. I've enjoyed every moment of "learning how to bind books; creative and exacting at the same time. It's certainly experimental, as "the first few tries were unsurprisingly failures-- but the good kind, where you learn. A book with a "wrapped book-board cover looks weird, let me tell you. The books I've sent are far from perfect. I "shake my first and eat the pages, but I'm proud of them. In a bit more than a month, I've learned to "create hardcover books and they're functional, individual, and fun to create." That's amazing. "Thank you for sharing your adventures and infectious joy in the game and "each other and your honest pleasures and interacting with people who wish we could be "adventuring with you." Aw. You absolutely are. From Lori Otis, which is @otis_lori on Twitter, which I know I've seen tweets from her before. Thank you so much, Lori. Look, Vex and the twins. Oh my god! It's a ledger book. Oh, this is for Vex and Trinket, I'm sorry. Look at this, it's got date, items, balance carried forward, debit, and credit. It's an accounting book. Look how gorgeous that is. Oh, this one's mine. Oh my god! Well, I'm the note-taker, so mine's a notebook, but look at these note pages with the trees-- and the eagle! It's got an eagle in it. That's fantastic. These are handmade hardcover books that someone made custom for each of us. Meet my dad. This is the book that they made for me. Yeah. I already read it, but she said she spent a month learning how to bind books. So here's Matt's. Oh my god, look. Yours has dragons in it, babe! That's so cool. Yours is awesome. Scanlan-- (squeaks) It's notes on one side and sheet music on the other. It's a bard book-- and look, it's got a lute on the side. Holy shit, you guys-- and yes, Grog's, it says in here, "Travis, since Grog can't read or write, I had a challenge on my hands. I "had originally wanted to make Grog a coloring book full of pictures of some kind, but I didn't want "to use others' art without permission, so I put some pictures of some of Grog's favorite kind of "things-- couldn't find good line art of a barmaid-- and left some room for him to be "creative inside the box from Gilmore's. He can take advantage of his vast knowledge of colors." "Grog's character moments are some of my favorites, and Grog and Craven Edge are some of my "favorite comedy duo. Happy giving." She made him a soft-bound coloring book. And an axe, and case. And a Trinket bear, and a Craven Edge sword. MATT and I'm selfish, I want to look and see what all-- oh my god. Percy has graph paper on one side. And notes on the other. These are fantastic. These are fantastic, Lori! Vax. What's yours, Vax? Oh, of course, snakes and daggers. That's great with the green. And Pike, oh, it's Sarenrae's symbols! That's fantastic. Thank you so much, Lori, these are gorgeous. I'm in love. Do you want to trade off? Want to take the hot seat? Here, you stay there, I'll move over. Oh, do you want me to just flip? Yeah, that's fine. I want to stay on this comfy new ottoman that I just bought. What did Travis get? Ooh, I love the Half Price Books store! Wait, is that Half Price Books from Kentucky? From Louisville? Oh, Texas. What were the ones from Kentucky? Dim Dimmley. And Game On. Oh my god. Insane. Scissors! Simple solutions for complex problems. What's it say on the return address? Up front. Right there, on the label, isn't it? Dagon's totally taking a bath behind you. Oh, like hobo bags? Alkie bags? Oh shit, yeah. With labels! Oh my god, that's so great. Oh my gosh, I don't have to alter it. "I would like to go Minxie." That's so cute! That's so cute. What. MATT and Look at that. Well, I always need new t-shirts for the show. That is so cute. That's so adorable. "I would like to go Minxie." Suzanne... That's amazing. That's so cute, too. And also better art than I can do, once again, I just want to point that out. (giggles) Everyone's like, "What an asshole teacher." Yeah. Word. Oh, that's so sweet. That is a really good idea. You must be a lucky man. Oh, really? You've never found one? That's actually really sad. I'm sorry. Ooh, okay. Sounds of hammering. Cut along the line. She does. She knows who is what. Argentina! All right, let us see. Ooh, it's already fancy, oh my goodness gracious. Who is this? What did you guys do? "Keyleth Vinespeaker." My favorite nickname, still to this day. Look at that awesome detail there. Oh, The Madwife. This is from Madwife Cinda, yet again. She says, "Marisha, The Madwife "strikes again! In honor of Keyleth, I have made a small donation this month to the International "Tree Foundation." That's amazing. "Hopefully she will never be short of a tree again when the party "needs to fast travel." That's so amazing. "I'd like to send a huge and heartfelt thank you once "again to all of you for the fun and fabulous storytelling. Love and hearts from Madwife Cinda. "P.S. Good luck with the dragons." Thank you. Along with the four leaf clovers. I think. Anything helps. Yeah. To be fair, they are kind of like, they have a dragon overlord right now. So it's kind of both at once. What is-- Oh, look at this! It's made out of book. That's so cute. Madwife Cinda. What is this? Oh my goodness. More books! I always want more books. Oh my god. Oh dude, what is this? Shut up. The standard book of spells. That's awesome! And it's a notebook. That's awesome. Oh she got this from the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. That's so cool I got a spellbook! I want to actually write down-- Yeah. Put spells in it. Shut up. I've got a lot of spells, okay? And I read them and just don't-- Let's see, what else is next? I'll open the big one. How about that? You do want to sit in the-- At warehouse sales because I love cheap shit. Not that I like cheap shit, I like things that are on sale. I'm a frugal bitch. Okay. Sorry. Maybe we should pre-open some packages. We should have thought about that. There's a scroll that I think you should read. That's one distinction. I'm sorry. I don't know; there's a gift for everybody in there, but I think you should read the scroll first. Yeah. (laughs) Hey, that's not funny. You would. Go, scissors, go. I'm going to steal those scissors after you do. Oh wait, nevermind, I got it. Now, these are very-- I got bored. Holy crap. A custom Keyleth figure in a box. Yeah. Oh my god. Take a look at the back. Look at it! After your first attempt with the Sun Tree-- You can try your luck with these. Who knows, we may see this used in a game board some day. I know, that's amazing. I've always wanted to be an action figure. Just want to throw that out. Oh cool! Check that shit out! I don't know. You had the scroll. Well they got a first-person view. This is rad. I need to plant my bonsai tree stat. Let me see. You might have a something in there. Here. But there's gifts in here for everybody. Oh yeah. I'll let everyone else open their own. But thank you Devilish Rogue, that's incredible! Sorry. We could get one of those little foam tripods? I don't know, we might have a selfie stick. We moved and I don't know where anything is. (laughs) That's so funny. That's so great. I know they put details onto the back-- That's amazing. What else is in there? The DM rolled a what? (laughs) Yup, that's what that looks like. For sure. That's pretty rad. Thank you, Devilish Rogue! Oh shit! Oh wow. There's no name on it? No! I hate it when this happens. Those are amazing. That's awesome. Thank you, guys. D&D Dice. You want me to open something? I like tubes. This one is from Helen Drula. From Wisconsin. Can you hand me the knife? What did Helen Drula send from Wisconsin? Oh my god, more cross stitch! I have a weakness for anything cross-stitch. I have a weakness for anything handmade. I have a weakness for Critmas. Hang on, I want to see. Helen Drula. Oh my god. "TLDR. I wanted to see this phrase on a nice wall hanging. So I made it. Thanks for the "stories. Helen a.k.a. VialsofScience." Matt, hang on let me-- Let me make it-- Hang on. Yeah. The benefit of no one else being here is we get to claim it first. (laughs) Plus, I mean it kind of is like your saying. I know. I'll never forget when it clicked, when we saw the other Critter game. And they said, "Okay guys, how do you want to do this?" and everyone starting laughing. And I was like-- Oh, it's weird. It's like that moment in The Social Network and they're like, "She just "said Facebook me." Yeah, totally. But that same feeling is what it evokes. Thank you, Helen! I love her TLDR note. Let's see what the other tube-y tube is. (laughs) What is this? (exclamations) Oh my god! It's a giant card. Happy 50th episode! "Thanks for sharing your world with us. Happy 50th episode." Lauren @dragonmustang01. "Thank you for the greatest story ever told. You're all wonderful and I'm so grateful for "Critical Role." Love, uh... signature. "Thank you for sharing your wonderful world with us. Here's "to 50 fantastic more episodes. It means more to us than you know." @roar_itsmonzy. Yeah, I said dragonmustang. Lauren. "Congratulations, Vox Machina." And they have amazing thank you notes. It's a P.S. "Vex, this card is worth about 35 gold." That's amazing. I love that. Just a giant 50th episode card. That is so cute. Thank you, guys! I have to figure out how I'm going to put that with all my other cards that I keep. It won't fit in the box that I usually keep them in. Okay. You want to do one? This? (snorts, laughs) I caught myself. (laughs) Shut up. I'm still getting used to the ottoman, all right? It's new. Uhh-- (exclaims)-- (laughs) Shut up, you guys! I just had 800 people watch me eat it. Okay. Oh, this is for Vex. This is for Vex. They always send a thousand cards and I have to figure out which one is the right one that I want. Okay. "Hi, Vex'ahlia. On my next paycheck, I'm sending donations of two of the charities listed for everyone on the Critter's Guide. I really wanted to send you a bear and a gift for chat for my first gifts to you all." @elderthrud on Instagram. And he sent this amazing elven dice bag. With elven opaque, slightly see-through-- I know! I haven't seen these at all. They have a bunch of different kinds, too, which are really rad. That's cool. Put this in the Laura pile! (singing nonsense) I'm going to be spending it with my dad. I hope you guys understand. My father is in town, so dad time. Yeah! Okay. There you go. Yeah! Grog. Starstuff. Aw! For everybody? Oh my goodness! Fulgurite? Oh! That's dope! So many hearts! It's heartsplosion. Heartsplosion! Let me see! I want to see! Cords form Kord. I like the dark brown. Yeah, that one. Yeah. Oh, that is so cool. Let me see if I can get a good focus on this. Yeah, that's rad. A little glass tube, that's crazy. Cool. No one saw it. (laughs) Ay-oh! Fallon! Chop. Hippy Cannibal! They put little cave men drawings because it's Grog. Perfect. Let me see. Oh! That's so cute! Oh, it's got air symbols in it. It's got all sorts of different symbols that mean air, which is fantastic. Oh, and water. It's got elemental signs. Does it have Charizard? Oh, that's so funny! They each have Pokemon! That's so funny to have each of them. That's so perfect. That's awesome. Oh, lots of Kentucky! It's because my dad's in town. That's why. He brought the essence. Oh no, you are feeding into his sickness. What is wrong with you, enablers? Oh Liam! He's going to be stoked. Oh, that's so great. Man, fucking guys is named Mark from Louisville, am I right? Sure. The spoils table. Yeah. I saw someone on Twitter be like, "Wait, did they all actually have to move because they need more room for stuff?" No, but kind of, but no. Okay. Where is the knife? Okay, this one is from-- From Ariel Hauptman? Greyston Bakery. Which I like the sound of already. The Best Brownie. Oh my god, I think it's-- "Dear cast and crew of Critical Role, Thank you for sharing your creativity and joy with us "all. These brownies are but a small token of thanks, and while you get delicious treats, the "money goes to a great cause. Greyston is a wonderful company devoted to lifting people out of "poverty in southwest Yonkers--" In Yonkers New York, "--by providing employment, skills training, "housing, childcare resources, and more to the community." That's amazing. The best brownie. Yep. "Each brownie represents a job that is self sufficient, and success among people who "want an opportunity to succeed. And that's what is even sweeter is that when you bite into our "Best Brownie, you become part of our solution to end poverty." That's amazing. That's the Greyston Bakery in Yonkers. Fucking love brownies! Well, these are packaged. Brown sugar blondies or chocolate fudge brownies. I want a brown sugar blondie right now. You want one? Hey, Dad! You want a brownie? That's amazing. This one's addressed to Sam. I know. It feels weird though. It feels like opening other people's mail. You want a brownie? Someone sent us a package of brownies from Yonkers. There's a chocolate fudge brownie or a brown sugar blondie. Blondie? That's what I went for as well. (laughs) Okay. It's from the Greyston Bakery in Yonkers. Is it really good? Yeah? Okay, I'm going to keep going. It's Dadleth! Happy, oh my god! Happy Father's Day, Scanlan! "Just a small craft project, I thought you would enjoy as an early Father's Day gift, and "I am sure Kaylie would thoroughly approve of you receiving." It just says "ZZ," the initials at the bottom. Christine M. Miller. Yeah, I think so. Right? This one feels a little more personal right? Christine M. Miller, this already seems fantastic. We'll make sure Sam gets it. It's very beautifully wrapped. Okay, I'll put that in the-- This is from... doesn't say. A box of poop! I didn't get around to opening mine, it was taking too long. I was. I'm fine, I'm good. It is a box of a bunch of really adorable Japanese candies. Oh my god, and they got the Kit Kats. Are there the green tea Kit Kats in here? Oh, they got the strawberry Kit Kats. Yeah, they do have the green tea Kit Kats! These are the best! I don't know who sent this, though. Yes. Citrus Kit Kats? What? What? Oh my god, cheesecake Kit Kats. And grape-wine flavored Kit Kat, because it had a glass of wine on it. Who is this from? That's a loosely wrapped cookie. (laughing) I'm trying-- I'm genuinely looking for-- Oh, here we go, oh. No, it wasn't, but I found a letter. It's at the bottom. (humming) "Dear Critical Role, Thank you for your--" handwritten letters! Crazy. "Thank you "for your weekly entertainment and allowing us into your fantastical world. I'm currently suffering "from massive withdrawal having missed the last two episodes while I was in Japan. I have sent you "some of the candy and sweets I found interesting while I was there." Heck yes, you did! "I'm sorry, "but I don't know what most of it is. I hope you enjoy it regardless. I apologize for the wasabi "Kit Kat in advance." Sincerely, Lindsey R. @crazedred in chat or @IAmR_Arrow on Twitter. And she'll have plenty to catch up on when she gets back from Japan. If she's not already back from Japan. Thank you so much! That's amazing! Oh my God. There's so many that I need to send you, this green tea Kit Kat right now, I need it in my-- Oh, wait. Is that the wasabi one? You know, I kind of-- I don't know, actually. Uh-huh. I'm going to open this blondie with scissors. I'm going to go get more. (muffled) Boy, they weren't kidding. Okay. This is from Sarah Hart. Sarah Hart from Missouri. Right? No, what's MI? Michigan? Michigan. Yeah. Yeah, I didn't realize. Okay. These are individual boxes for each person in here. This is a really-- this is from @earthquakedgirl. On Twitter. Missouri. Right? And this is a really great letter that I should maybe not read. She also sent individual letters for everybody? Holy crap. Packaging fluff everywhere. What? I did not know what I was getting into with that. Oh, man. Oh! These are amazing little boxes! They're amazing little dice boxes. These are great. There's Laura's. Oh! She sent the ladies little jewelry boxes. And she also each sends us letters as well. Thank you so much, Sarah. That is so sweet. Okay, we'll have to make sure Ashley and Laura gets those. That's awesome. It's got little gold leaf right on it. That's great. Okay, I'm going to trade off with you. Let me get rid of this. Where'd that brownie go? Oh, Amnie! Whoa! She even packaged them like with floral arrangements! That's so fantastic. I Tweeted it out. Well, I Tweeted out the jar. I haven't Tweeted out the lamp, because it was still needing to be repaired. So we'll show them. Incredible. Oh no. Oh no. I have a feeling. I knew it! You didn't have this one? Holy shit! Holy shit. All the dragons. All the dragons. That's amazing. Shapeways. You have more drive than I do. Immortalize us! Please! That's awesome. Is that you? Holy shit. Oh man. I love that you're wearing the Critical Role t-shirt. You're standing on a d20. That's phenomenal. Yeah, that's pretty fantastic. That's kind of great. Here, you want to trade off? Let's see what these are. Yeah! Large base mat. (grunts with effort) Oh. Well, that failed. That did not work. Ha-ha! Got it. Okay, this came also somewhere from the U.K. Ooh. This is from Naomithinksit. This is from Naomithinksit. Walkers? She sent Walkers Marmite potato chips. This is a little package for you, it looks like. Oh my gosh. This one's for Vax, and here's a letter for the Critical Role cast and crew. Oh! "You are invited to partake in GISHWHES." Oh, they're inviting us to-- that's funny. I don't know if we'd-- we'd be terrible teammates. We are so busy. That is so fantastic. And then-- oh! Oh, these are probably the wishes. That's so funny. Maybe-- we'll see what we can do, but we make no promises considering how insanely busy we are. But that is still phenomenal. Thank you so much. And she sent a package for you and for Vax. Do you want to open yours real quick? Yeah. Switch off! (laughs) Or it's, like, a truffle. It's so big! It rolled an 11. Not bad. Nice and average. Oh wow! (gasps) Shut-- --the front door. That's fucking amazing. That is so great. I know! I would never think of anything like that. Oh, that's sick. Very purple. (laughs) That's so ridiculous. (as Matt) "Ha ha!" Music tape? Oh man. That is also a very long handwritten letter, which is also crazy. Uh, here they are. (laughs) You know, we all have to have our issues. It's a mix tape! Holy shit! Oh, boy, this is also a gift for you, Matt. I'm just going to go ahead and hand it over. Oh my gosh. That's amazing. I love the mixtape. Nice. Yeah, I love it. I might have to repurpose, if you're not destroying all of it. I might reuse it. I do like recycling-- could be used-- Yeah. Yeah, it is. It's still salvageable. (squeaky) What'd you get? What'd you get? What'd you get!? What is it? Oh, is that-- You've got to be shitting me. Hang on, let me-- oh my god. Oh my god, you guys! The amount of detail in that! What? I've never seen anything like that in embroidery. Is it? Oh my goodness, gracious. Yeah, let me see it? That's so great. Wow. That's... That's so great. I'm trying to think of where we would hang that. I've got a few ideas. Okay, here, I want to-- I went to the trouble of opening this one for you. For you. To kill us. Fucking cloud. The day the sky went dark. I don't know. It just says a game store on there. Absolutely. Okay. This-- Oh man, you guys! Oh my goodness gracious. "Dear Vox Machina and their not-so-benevolent god. "No need to read this on air." Okay, it's nothing bad. But she said, "I just wanted to share some of "my favorite teas with you all and I figured I'd make some personalized infusers for the group to "sip in style. Enjoy. Kelly in St. Louis." Well, Kelly in St. Louis, amazing. She sent some Peppy Peppermint herbal tea. She sent Nettle Greek Mountain. Ooh. More tea for the so much tea basket, yes. So much tea. To be fair I have been drinking more-- I've been inspired to drink more. Which is good. It's good for you. "This has Greek mountain "tea, nettle leaves, lemongrass, orange wedges, lime tree blossoms, marigold blossoms, chamomile "blossoms, and other natural flavors." This one I'm keeping. Yes. What? She sent some-- also from Steeped Tea-- some BLT cheese ball mix. Some BLT cheese ball seasoning mix. And it has the instructions on them. Did you send us the fulgurite necklaces? Thank you. Those are so cool! I picked the dark brown cord because, druid. Wow, she sent so many! Fine and Dandy. That might have to be Scanlan. Earl Grey de la Creme. Pina colada rooibos tea, mint chocolate chip rooibos tea, Ginger Lemon Sunshine green tea, Candy Orange. Jeez, and she even sent little steeping sacks. And then-- hang on, let me get the rest, take those back a bit so it's not crazy. And she sent-- awesome, you have your own steeping thing with a d20. A tea steeper with a d20 on it. Yeah, I'm thinking I might have to make some tea. Mine has little feathers on it. She put a little feather charm. Laura's has a bear. Travis has a battle axe on his, which is sick. Burt Reynolds has a mustache. Ash-o-lee has angel wings, Sarenrae feathered wings. Liam's has two daggers. Taliesin's has a gun. Oh shit. Oh my God, Kelly from St. Louis, you spoiled us. She also sent us 24 honey tea sticks, which, I just eat these straight. Like a crack addict. Oh, they got different flavored ones! I love honey. It's the best. This is just the best. Have a good night, you guys! This is amazing. Thank you so much, Kelly from St. Louis! I loved St. Louis. We loved the museum there, the kids' museum. What's that called? What's the museum? The City Museum! This is awesome. Thank you so much! Okay, there's a few more boxes. Ooh, that one's heavy. Here. Do you want to open that one? Hold it and I'll start-- Sorry. Hi from Louisiana! Holy shit. No. Lies. Whoa! Mark! We have so many bags of trash. This going to be a cryer? Oh my god, yes! It's fucking gold leafed! It's an oil painting! That's an oil painting! It looks like something you'd see at the Louvre! [ice cream truck music] There it goes! Wow! That's got to go to Ashley. She's totally going to hang that up. Wow. You guys. Everyone in this community is so fucking talented. That's Ashley's D&D character that now exists in an oil painting. That's insane. This one's also for you, Matt. She is going to freak out. What?! (laughs) Oh. Shit. Yeah. Yeah, you know. That's so funny. Okay, let me open this box over here. Yes. There should also be bigger envelopes as well, but I might open those when you open minis. Oh, goodness! These are whiskey toffee brownies. Made with 1971 Schenley Reserve whiskey from Ryan Gottlieb. Aka Nuclearspatula. MATT and There's the letter. And there's a little bit of-- This is crazy. He sent an amazing letter. This is such an amazing-- thank you so much for this letter, Ryan. Keep your chin up and hold in there, for sure, but he said, "The announcement for the 50th episode-- Critmas being "relegated to only the holidays," he knew he had to send something and that he does bake. He's like, "I'm not an artist, I don't draw or paint, but I do bake," so he made all of us a batch of homemade whiskey toffee brownies made with 45-year-old Schenley Reserve whiskey. That's amazing, yep, aka Nuclearspatula. That's-- oh. And he said, "P.S., please tell "Ryan," P.A. Ryan, "that I made sure these are free from any poison, as I know he is allergic," So that is fantastic! He will be so greatly appreciative. But look at this, look at these brownies! Oh my god! They look so sticky! That's an excellent point! Oh my god! Okay, that's happening. All the brownies! Let me save the letter. Save the letter! Sorry. I'm going to prop the camera up kind of like I did so I can open a few letters, make sure there's no-- What is that? Oh! Nice. Yeah, sorry. I got this letter. I was reading this letter and I wanted to do a quick shoutout. This is from Katie Volker, aka @TestSubjectNerd, and she said her mother, Jane Volker, is currently in the process of walking the west coast of Ireland along the Wild Atlantic Way, a 1500-mile road trail that lines the entire west coast. "As I'm writing this letter, she's walked "around 200 miles. If you could ask people to check out her Facebook page and her blog, I'd be very "grateful. She's raising money for the RNLI, or the Royal National Lifeboat Institute." Yeah, the Royal National Lifeboat Institution. On Facebook facebook.com/wildatlanticwanderer1. Or she has a blog www.wildatlanticwanderer.blogspot.co.uk. MATT and Awesome, and thank you so much for your kindness, TestSubjectNerd. What do they look like? Oh, shit, that's awesome! Nicole Young, who sent us jewelry before, sent you, and also a gift for Liam and Taliesin, which I will deliver to them, this hand-wrapped-- her and her mom made this-- hand-wrapped dragon eye pendant that she wrapped in copper wiring. She sent us jewelry before, and I'm sorry I got your name confused. Sometimes cards get switched up. But thank you, that's incredible, Nicole. Nicole Young from Ontario. Oh, shit. I just got another letter with another wax seal and a Celtic knot. I don't know, it's got a bunch of rune symbols. Ugh, wax seal. It's a handwritten-- oh no, I don't want to rip it. Once again, I got another letter-- trying to slowly go through the letters-- an amazing long handwritten letter, but he was smart and wrote a shorter blurb version. This is from Kyle Eugene William Teach. He said, "I wanted to thank you all for what you do. You do far more than you know-- "came across Critical Role in a difficult time in my life. I was taking a course for the Air Force "where they condensed three to four years of instruction to a year and a half," that's insane. Late into the course, his grandfather passed, and then a few months later, his grandmother passed, and they were very close. He said in thanks-- and he said and then he found us. It got us through the difficult time and coins like these have a history back to World War I. A coin like them with a squadron insignia got an Allied downed pilot through occupied France, gaining him safe passage and aid because the French recognized it. "The only ID the previously captured pilot held onto. And since you got me through, I "thought it was fitting." He sent us each-- from the United States Air Force-- sent us each these gorgeous Presidio of Monterey challenge coins. MATT and These are absolutely gorgeous, and yes, I'm slowly getting through letters. I'm sure there's more over there. So bear with us as we get through things. But thank you so much, each and every one is so humbling and so appreciated. Love you guys. I know you have Tabletop Day and I have to get back to helping my dad. Oh my goodness gracious! You guys are insane! That's amazing. Always.