These are awkward chairs. Lifeguard rules. No running, concrete is slippery. Little bit. Little bit more, little bit louder. Willing to walk the line for us, I love it. I was about to say every Thursday. Margaret from Persona would be cool, because she uses the tarot cards and is pretty badass and powerful. Yeah, she'd be awesome. She can fly. Eh. It's hard not to spoil things. They knew what they were getting into when they showed up at this panel. Right. I think everyone thought I was going to win. I think Grog and I are actually going to have a rematch because there were a few technical errors that we both made. In an alternate reality, Grog is at the bottom of the Water Plane drowning right now. Furiously pulling out cards. You want to tell them? I think on an episode of Talks Machina, probably pretty soon, we're going to do a WWE-style one-on-one. (cheering) Yeah, I've already talked to Sean Becker. We're going to do some WWE-style promos leading up to it. I feel like we knew that Grog and Keyleth were going to be the two heavy people going head to head. Percy. Just all of Percy. Selfishly, we're going to pick characters that we interact with more. Sun Tree, man. (laughter) You kind of lose yourself, I think, a little bit. Is my mic on? I'm just going to project really loud. You kind of, I think, lose yourself in it a little bit. I mean, that's not a bad point though, like karaoke, going out and dancing in public. That's all little things that can help you get more comfortable with making-- you're going to look ridiculous every once in a while, and we all will, and just embrace that. And we've also been playing these characters for five years now. We know them inside and out. We can just drop into them so easily, which is why Taliesin can improv insane monologues, or why I can scream at Raishan and try and just plant myself in Keyleth's head. It definitely takes time and reckless abandon. And if they do, shame on them and find another game group. It's actually 125. You went up to him during the break and you were like, "All right, Tary, you're up." And he was like, "What? No, next week." And you were like, "Now." Yeah, people embraced it. The first two, three games we were rejecting him like a noob. And sticking around for 100 episodes. What are you two talking about?! Especially, kind of like we were saying, we've been playing these characters for so long that they're having the life of people. I know I've probably changed a lot in five years, and these people are put in very extreme circumstances, so I think you just have to be open to that. We all have our core values that we stick to, and then you have to let the world still affect you. Yeah. There was a time where-- because when I started Keyleth, she was naive and juvenile and just thought that the whole world was like a magical Disney forest filled with animals and things that loved me, and then the reality is that's not the case at all. And there for a while, she was getting very angry because that was just the way the world was beating down upon us for a while, getting angry at the fact that, why did no one tell her about this? And it wasn't until Kerr stepped in as that substitute father figure to-- and, at the time, Vox Machina, you guys were being total dicks to Keyleth! You were like, "Deal with it, druid." You were! And he was the first one who-- because that's when she was having panics about, "We're not heroes. Look at the trail of destruction we've left behind us!" And he was the first one to relate to Keyleth on that level. So there were several things. There was dealing with the fact that I felt like my party wasn't really supporting Keyleth at the time, that my people who were supposed to be my closest friends, and then there was this guy who was just a guest who came in for an episode who totally changed everything. Because I was getting really heavy into almost dropping points of barbarian into Keyleth and having her be like, "Screw it! I'm done. I'm done with all of this. Why do we need to do any--" And just get angry. But then he put her back on that track, which was good. Let's make a more rainbow tomorrow! One of the best times I've seen those boxes utilized, though, those background boxes, was with Dan Casey on the one-shot that you did. I think it was episode 12, I think that's still out there. We watched Dan Casey roll, because they're all numbered to where you can roll a d8, so if you're really confused and you don't know, you can roll a d8 and be like, "Four, okay, I'm paranoid of water." So he rolled, found the things, and then came up with a backstory and that was how he got Salty Pete, who was a dual-wielding pirate sellsword. It was a great character with a background that he didn't get so stuck and caught on what it was going to be that it didn't allow him to still have fun. When you were walking people through. It's true, your sorrow contained you. Oh, that's right. Speak with Plants. Because arguably if there's no adventuring for Vox Machina, we're just a group of shitty people. The adventuring has to be happening or we're just awful. Oh, interesting. Same characters, different class? I don't know. I was mentioning earlier if I would've dropped points of barbarian in Keyleth and gone a half-and-half route. Then gone more of a melee brawler. Because I could rage and go into my beast shaping forms, and then get all the bonus that Grog gets when he rages. So it would be nasty and awesome, but she would have gone off the rails. I think it would have caused a lot of her-- I don't think it would have been attractive on her. It would be Keyleth as a nihilist. I don't know-- Yeah. She would have been like What's it all matter? Meh. TALIESIN and Aww, you're so cute! You sound like a begrudging father trying his best to give a sex ed talk. Like, it was a safe place to learn the consequences. Well, and the other crazy thing is because he was like, "I pull five cards!" and I was like, "What?" Matt and I were looking at the rules, and in the book they don't state that there is a limit to how many cards you can draw in a turn. So now I have this nightmarish image in my head of Grog doing like a card flourish and 52 card pickup of the Deck of Many Things. Yeah, and we would generally like get them killed or something horrible. No one was harmed during the making of Adventure. Out of context, this sounds awful. It was good! It was good fun. Yeah, so if you're ever in LA, you can check out a Dungeon Master show. Yeah. All the Raven Queen stuff. It was cool. Make it good! AUDIENCE Yeah, we never see him stumble. We never know if we're doing something off the rails, where we're just going and shit. I'm still pretty partial to Vex and Keyleth and Laura and Marisha being like, "Screw you guys!" when you guys didn't want us to go off in the Underdark in the very beginning. Then we went and found Clarota, which I don't think we were supposed to find him that soon, or ever, potentially. Finding Clarota, that was cool. Oh, yeah! They were mean pixies. And Vox Machina is also a selfish entity that gets very defensive and takes things personally. That's Ginny! You'll see her, she'll know. Oh, he's fine! AUDIENCE He's fine! It gives him character. I do feel a little bad. I should probably fix that. You could make him a mechanical arm! That's way cooler than a real arm. Oh yeah, I can't believe you made heated roads. So if you don't see us now, we'll see you then. Thanks, you guys!