I already have a low charisma. That's not good. One guy, one guy. I'm sure he didn't hear enough about it in line. Oh, jeez, sorry. That person. Can't see. It's blinding up here. You've been chosen for the young mothers' club. Okay, so what our show is-- You're like the drummer in No Doubt. Just the one naked guy. What is that? That was amazing. Oh, it's your brother! It's better. Chowazord. I imagine it looks like a little chow-chow. What? AUDIENCE Is that better? Does that make you feel more comfortable? AUDIENCE How has been playing on Twitch different from playing our home game? AUDIENCE And the smoked salmon and lox. Oh, that's right, the quiche! We can remember more now than we used to because we're playing regularly, whereas before we played every six weeks or so. We'd take the first 30 minutes to be like, "Matt, tell us what all we "did. Everything." Reality-style? AUDIENCE It did get talked about at one point, but it didn't go forward. Part of it is because we were like-- and then there is also that part where we were like, "Ah, what's really exciting on that "three and a half, four hours on screen, that's awesome! We're really boring all other times. I "don't know if we want to expose that. We're not that cool." I don't think I've ever-- Yeah. No. Dude, it's not like-- don't-- no. It doesn't fix instant death. It's like Survivor, man. It's hard, because we want it to be a surprise, and also I think our idea changes from day to day. I know we've all said they'd be the total opposites of whatever we're playing now. I like that answer. Truncate. Go ahead. AUDIENCE Aw, thanks man. It's kind of interesting. I'd never really thought about it before-- you were talking about cheering each other on. But it's kind of like supporting your buddies at the gym. Come on, bro. You've got this! Come on! Don't quit! So I think it does create maybe a different kind of support structure. I think Matt touched on this a little bit, but keeping in mind that there is not a whole lot of opportunities for group co-op games. So keep that in mind and really utilize it as a team. I'm trying not to make it sound awful. I mean it. Whatever, just have fun. (laughter and applause) What inspired us? You go first. Is there any water in the house, Fabio? MARISHA and Was it you or Liam who was really adamant about the apostrophes? Okay, I also had an apostrophe. I came in last, because I actually helped the first game, and then when it turned into a campaign, I'm like "Okay, yeah, if this could turn into a thing, then "I'll join." So yeah, I didn't play in that first game. I was Matt's assistant. AUDIENCE I basically just pointed at stats when they were confused "It's right there." (laughter) I hated it. Yeah, I tried druid in Fourth Edition. They were basically a watered-down support class that wasn't-- they were trying to be a jack-of-all-trades but they just sucked at everything. I hated it, so I was like "All right, I'll give druids one last chance." And then she's my long-time character. I was also like "I'm going to play a nice person. I never play nice people. It's so hard to play nice people in RPGs, but it's a one-shot." (laughter) Who's such a bitch. Awful. Selfish and evil. I'm going to be on rumspringa, man! It's all like new fresh ink. (applause) That's a good question. So many things. (laughter) AUDIENCE Stay away from children. Learn Grasping Vine placements. That's what I would tell her. Practice. Oh man, it's all of us on our worst days. See, I kind of had the version of Strawberry Fields on there where it's like kind of my thought on that. That's like the slow-mo soundtrack that's going on in Kiki's head as she's destroying things and stuff. Like (singing) "Take you down. Going to." Yeah! But if you want something more amped up maybe like (singing) "It's the eye of the tiger, it's the thrill of the fight." (laughter) Are we speaking to you in our dream? Because I'm sorry if that's the case. AUDIENCE To what? AUDIENCE Totally. I mean, it's tough because Keyleth goes to Minxie all the time. That's her favorite. That's her comfy spot. Minxie! But if not, she'd be-- I don't know. She grew up playing as kittens and squirrels in the forest. True story. Which is why she was weird. So I don't know. Somehow better. You mean for shy, introverted players? Shot of tequila. Kicking a beholder in the face was pretty awesome, as an earth elemental. Also, rocketing from the sky as an earth elemental meteor was pretty awesome. Also cannonballing as an earth elemental-- (laughter) How many pencils have you broken now? Three? Yeah. I was going to say the three of us have kind of casually LARPed for the Call of Cthulhu party that Matt had. Yeah. (laughter) That was what was crazy. We were like-- everyone was pulling out their weapons. We were like, where did these come from? We did not bring these or provide these. It was a perfect allegory, like it could have been a social experiment for how the world's going to end. I swear to God it went very poorly, very fast. Yes. Besides Maleficent? You know, I think Cruella de Vil would be an interesting kind of, not necessarily damage-dealing, but you have to kind of intrigue around it. Cruella de Vil as a boss would be cool. Shut up, Troy. That's my favorite, is being like, "Oh, shut up, Grog." And screaming. Point of order we didn't do that. You chose that. (laughter) What they said. (applause) That poor panel. Oh, it's just you? Never mind, then. And yes, Matt and I are now signing at the Green Ronin booth-- At 1230 to 130.