(nervously) Hi. Miss you, Troy. (laughter) It just shocked me! Hi! It shocked me. These are-- They're kind of barely useful. Just going to put that over there. Sure, you should start. Now that he said the magical words, Critical Role-- (applause) I am also a voice actor/person who does things in the entertainment industry out of Los Angeles. I am Margaret in the Persona franchise, I'm Laura Arseid in Legend of Heroes Trails of Cold Steel-- longest name in history ever-- I'm in Metal Gear Solid Phantom Pain, and Battlefront, and he's my dungeon master. (applause) I know, I know. And then I went on, and I had many other dungeon masters. And then I came back. (laughter) Oh, I thought she was talking about the vape show. (laughter) No vaping! (cries out) It still makes you feel like you're in trouble. "I'm not-- I wasn't!" It's like when a cop gets behind you when you're driving, and you're just like, "I'm just "going to mess with my radio; I'm just going to act natural. I don't have any reason to be concerned." "Ten and two, ten and two." (laughter) We have an insane cast of people, like Laura Bailey and Travis Willingham and Liam O'Brien and Taliesin and Ashley and Sam Riegel. That's true. (applause) They are like, "Look what you're missing, guys." And I'm like, "I'm in Pittsburgh. I've got "Primanti Brothers. Take that!" See! They know. Can I just say the most ridiculous conversations we ever had, though, in the Geek & Sundry offices, were revolving around this sloth. I was like, "Guys, we have to stop talking about "him like he's a real person." It all started with them going, "Well, when's the sloth going to come "in?" And they were like, "Well, you know, we got this call. We got to see what his schedule is and see when he's available because we're going to have to book him out. He's two weeks out." And I was like, "What the-- I'm available next week. I'm pretty sure the sloth works more than I do in "the entertainment industry." And then Ivan was like, "The sloth is actually going to be playing a half-elven monk." And I'm like, "What? Stop saying these sentences like it's going to happen. It's weird!" You were my first dungeon master. I grew up in Kentucky. It's not that my parents were trying to keep D&D away from me or anything like that. My parents just also didn't have access to it. And we didn't have access to it because it's Kentucky. And you know-- We're worshipping that cult shit. So then I came out to-- but I grew up with Magic the Gathering and I played a lot of RPGs and I'm a big Final Fantasy nerd and so I was always a video game and comic book nerd beforehand, I just didn't have the resources to play any tabletop games. And then I came out to Los Angeles. And I was like "Hey, Matt Mercer, will you run a D&D--" And I thought you'd say no, and then he said yes. That's true. (laughter) And for all those aspiring dungeon masters it works. Yeah, it wasn't like that. (laughter) Yeah, in fact that's the total, exact opposite, actually. How did that even happen? How did D&D players get that reputation? I mean, Tom Hanks and Mazes and Monsters. Big Bang Theory laugh tracks-- Mainly thanks to Travis Willingham. (laughter) The guy who played football in college-- AUDIENCE And Vin Diesel. That's cool, yeah! Surprise! They're nerds! Anti-life-shell. Boof. Meet within ten feet of me. Whole room. Everyone within ten feet. That's right! Applaud him! Now get up, get out! No, no, them! I'd also like to point out an amazing woman up front cross-stitching the de Rolo crest. That caught my eye. I know it's a work in progress. Is it okay if we see? Like what the what?! What the what?! This is insane. Oh, my God! Oh my God, you guys! (applause) Yeah, it's so incredibly heartwarming to see the whole art-inspiring-art aspect and that's what I think is incredible about it. Like I said, Critical Role would not be the show it-- We wouldn't be Critical Role if it wasn't for the Critters, and the fan art, and the fanfiction, and the music. Every little piece of art that you guys put out, we try and catch every single one of them, and it's all just incredible. He knows almost all the artists. He knows all of you people by name. (laughter) Yeah, it's Liam appreciation day. There is an amazing woman who wrote us, I think, over our Facebook page not that long ago, saying how she was thanking us "I'm a 39 year old mom. You guys convinced me that it was okay for "someone of my age to play." She picked up a book and started playing a game. That's what I think is the most important lesson that we can learn out of tabletop gaming in general. That there's this really sad societal pressure that starts pushing on you really hard when you're suddenly a child, then you're suddenly an adult, and then when you're suddenly an adult, it's like you're not allowed to play anymore and you're not allowed to use your imagination, and I think that's a really sad travesty. I think it's important to remember that adults can still play pretend, and make believe, and that that's really important to our mental health. Especially as stressful as life is as an adult. Yeah. Yeah, I've been saying this a lot here lately where I've slowly started to realize, especially with the show making our games weekly, that Keyleth has totally infiltrated me a little bit, and she's made me a better person. I legitimately believe that 100%. I'm not like Keyleth. There are so many ways that she's different from me, but being her for so long has taught me to empathize with people who are like her, and she's influenced me, and I think she's made me a more empathetic person. I think there's a lot of important things that you can get from roleplaying games that people don't talk about, that we should. Yeah, it teaches you to think differently, and to think how other people might think. It breaks down the idea of the monomyth. That there's a definitive line between good and evil, which I've never believed. Even bad characters, even the "evil" of characters, generally have motives that are rooted pretty logically. They're good lessons. MATT and We should take questions because we've just been rambling. It also teaches fast response time. Doctors will take improv classes to help with their response time. AUDIENCE True story. And the reason why they do that, the reason why that rule is there, is because as soon as someone denies you something, it does two things. One, it makes the person who was setting up their point look like an asshole. You immediately just rip the rug out from under them. Two, it stops the scene. So say for example if I was like, "Hey Matt, isn't this ski slope totally awesome today?" Now I look like a fuckin' asshole! (laughter) "What! Oh my god, I didn't know! You didn't tell me we were going to the ice volcano, bro!" See how, when you accept it and you're just like, "Ice volcano? Totally!" It gives you permission to keep going and it builds on it. I think that's very important and people ask me all the time, what was your worst DM experience? I was playing a Buffy the Vampire Slayer tabletop RPG, and I was a pyromancer. And I was used to him being like, "How do you want to do this?" So I got a kill, and in my head I heard Matt going, "How do you want to do this?" But it was a different DM. So I was like, "All right, so what happens is, my character concentrates, and then a little fireball "starts hovering over my head, and then it arcs across the room, and then it just (poofs) "and it lights the vampire on fire and they die in a blazing flame of glory!" And the DM, I swear to God, goes, "Yeah, you know pyromancy doesn't really work that way." And I was like, "Well, that's funny you mention that, because pyromancy doesn't exist! (laughter) It's already dead! Yeah! Does it matter how I kill it? His response was, "The way pyromancy actually works, it's more that you just, like, "meditate really hard, and then whatever you're meditating on just bursts into flame." And I'm like, "Hmm, that's so cinematic. So cool. I'm just going to--" Yeah! It's just giving people permission to keep going. That positive loop, that positive feedback. If I was just a vampire slayer and didn't have magical abilities, then that would be one thing. Or Percy's like, "Where can I go to buy black powder?" (applause) Or if, who was it? Laura Bailey is like, "Where can we go to find a map? I need a map maker." (sad noises) Next question. Your hand went up pretty fast. Yeah. AUDIENCE Go for it. AUDIENCE What was your question? (laughter) AUDIENCE That's a great question. Real quick, for those of you in the back who might not have heard the question, he said, "How do you deal with couples in games because that tends to put an expiration date either on the "game or the couple." AUDIENCE Every episode, it doesn't matter. You could do something amazing and, "Oh, Matt's "getting on the couch tonight!" I'm like, sure. It's a nice couch. He'll be fine. There's a separation. We're not insane enough, yet, to where we don't recognize the separation. I'd be lying if I said we didn't absolutely get 100% emotional about our characters and about things that happen in the game, but I think those two things aren't mutually exclusive. You can get emotional and you can have feelings and realize it's still just a game and it's still just pretend. It still doesn't mean that this game for us hasn't been incredibly important and even though it is just pretend, it's not. It's so much more at this point, it's hard to quantify. MATT and In-game assault? Oh, salt! I was like, "What is happening at your games?!" (laughter) Going off on this as a player and talking to everyone else out there who are players, be kind to your DM. Not only because he can kill you at any moment, but-- Respect your DM and respect the time that has been put into these games because that's-- Not necessarily this is what you were saying, but you will sometimes have one of those players that gets in and has that bull in a china shop type of mentality and just wants to take over a little bit. There's nothing wrong-- and to dungeon masters, there's nothing wrong with being like, "Hey, that's not cool." Because, do understand, players, that your DM has put in probably at least an hour if not more for each hour you play of game time. There's already probably been ten hours of prep before you even showed up to the game. You're all there for fun, and it's a blast, and it's awesome, but there is-- There's a line. You guys know what I'm talking about, where there's a line of being respectful and having fun and joining in as a group as opposed to mocking it and-- Right, or trying to hijack the whole game. Which is disrespectful not only to your dungeon master but to everyone else who's set aside time to be there. You know, D&D, it's co-op. You're working to build a story together, and if you can do that and find a group with good chemistry that can do that, that's when you'll be the most magical of moments. Yeah. Does that make sense? We're not trying to be a fun police, there's a difference here, right? Makes sense? Okay. Your fun is wrong! Yeah, I'm not trying to do that. Yeah. Next question? Okay. You had your hand up, yeah. AUDIENCE (laughs) Yeah, you in the plaid. Yeah, you. Yeah. (laughter) "I'm going to build a world!" Now there's still so many times where I'm like, "How did you know we were going to do that?" You had some inkling that we were going to do that and I don't know why you just-- someone just said something in passing and you're like, "They're going to do that." My favorite was when we walked into the back door of the Clasp, of the thieves' guild, and he wasn't prepared for it. Man, that was a good game. (laughter) You're walking in the back door, all right. You're basically like, (knocks) "Hey! Yo, what's up, Clasp?" Yeah, we kind of went in the back door and-- Yeah. (laughs) And Matt rolls out one of the dry-erasable marker grids and starts just drawing the Clasp. "This is where the Clasp lives." Here we go. Good times. I imagine it's kind of like when you start an RPG and there's the fog of war on the map and you kind of slowly flesh out the map as you explore and you just kind of lose the map fog. I think he builds in the same way. I can't say. I'm not speaking for him. Purvan. Purvan. (laughter) Perve-on. Next question. (screams) You pick one. Hey, do we have a panel in after us? All right, let's keep going. Oh, we have 18+ after us? Okay. Go, go. Just for those who are running Curse of Strahd? AUDIENCE Let's do in the back, yeah, you who's going like this. Yes, you. That's deep. That's a big question. You stopped and looked at me very expectantly. (laughter) I am. (laughter) Yes, see. I'm so ready, I'm on top of it. I've slept today. What was I going to say? A lot of people ask us-- We are not voice actors and you guys do all these voices and I want to be a good DM like you, but I'm not a voice actor, and you don't have to have this insane Mel Blanc type of range to be a DM. Just even changing the placement of where the sound comes out in your mouth can be enough of an identifier. So, for example, I naturally speak at the back of my throat, which is why I've got this gravelly thing, which my theater teachers hated, but they love it in voice over. But if you start moving it more to the front of your mouth and you start dropping little bit more breathy. I didn't change my tonality at all and this is more where Keyleth lives. It's a little gentler, it's a little softer, and you don't have to necessarily change-- I don't have to go to the crazy voice to do anything crazy. It's a little bit of placement and that can just make a world of difference. You talk all the time about voicing women when you DM, and you don't have to sound like an SNL character. Oh, I picked him, so you pick. Oh, you got like a cap thing going on. Is there a presentation? I feel a presentation coming. I was just there! Damn it! What do you mean they're getting attacked by bandits? Yes. AUDIENCE Even the episode not too long ago, so it shouldn't be huge spoilers, where Grog fought Earthbreaker Groon, and he called upon Scanlan and Vax, and he was like, "Where do you get your power "from?" "My friends." Everyone was like, "This is the anime episode!" It's so true. It's so trope-y. (applause) The power of friendship! Thank you, Strongbad. Next question, yes. Oh, 11? Really? Apparently, I'm signing at 11. I just go where they tell me to go. Look on your schedule. Next question. Yeah, you, doing ninjutsu. Yeah, you. Yeah, the Rick and Morty, yeah. AUDIENCE Good question. Who are you? No, keep going. I'm taking notes, mental notes. One more quick question, guys-- Oh boy. You look so eager back there. Yes! AUDIENCE First-time DM tips? Use the adrenaline rush. The adrenaline is real. Let's do one more quick question that's a good closer. Let's do up front, yeah. My favorite part of playing Dungeons & Dragons, just in general, as a part of any game, is the ability to have dreams later on in that world and be like, "Oh, shit, my brain just thinks "that all actually happened, and I'm kind of okay with that." (laughter) Good final question! Thank you guys so much. (applause) I have a Stunt Acting and Stunt Fighting for the Camera panel tomorrow from 830-930, or 930-1030, something like that. It's fun, and you bring sweatpants and get active, because I teach you how to punch. Don't punch each other, though... The morning one at nine got canceled because you guys aren't going to be up, don't lie. I'm not going to be, either. So it's the later one, do the later one, not the 9AM one, I won't be there.