Before that, we found the bar. (cheering) Liquid courage! Hi. I'm Marisha Ray. Thank you. Thank you. First time comer, long time lover. (laughter, applause) The slightly awkward half-elf druid on Critical Role. (applause) I probably won't call you on it. I'm more likely to give a spoiler than probably anyone else in this room. Yeah, that was probably more for me than anybody else. That's a true story. Yeah, to that, I'll say you are all great friends. Good on you for being drug here. They owe you one tomorrow. It's fine. That's true. In the 30 seconds when people are running, you turn into lifeguards for a second like, "No! The concrete's slick!" Oh, there! We're good! We're covered! It's Taylor's fault. I mean, Taylor's responsibility. This is the importance of clerics, you guys. (cheering) We tend to not leave the studio until about 1130, midnight-ish, anyway. Then we had to pack up when we got home. Then you have the adrenaline, so you're like, "I can't believe Raishan! She's such a bitch!" and then it's hard to go to sleep. That's basically my night every Thursday night. God damn it. Oh yeah, you east coasters. (cheering and groaning) It's honestly true. We made that time specifically because it's the earliest we can do to accommodate Sam. Hey, man. He's just slowly turning into Mr. Disney. Not like NBC did. (crying) (awwing) It's really great show. But... Look, it's nothing she hasn't said herself. She's like, "Well, my D&D group, though!" I know. That's how you know you're winning. Biggest job of my career-- D&D group. You'll have all of our Critical Role T-shirts to keep you warm! I love because you were so adamant about your warning, that everyone was like-- (laughter) It's fine. Okay, yes, you! Left first. AUDIENCE I can hear you, you're good! If you want to tilt the mic down a little bit. There you go. Yeah. AUDIENCE If I could cast a musical? AUDIENCE If I could put on a musical? Ooh. It's like the power. You go first. It's hard to do Hamilton better. Yeah. God, that's such a great show. MATT and If I was to reinvent a musical? Okay, so you could go one of two ways, right? You could be like, I just want to direct this and make the best version it could possibly be, in its pure state. Or you could turn something on its head, like a terrible musical, like Cats? Now you're giving me ideas! Maybe I could do a 2017 version of Cats, and it's like Lol Cats? And it's all internet memes? You know? (laughter) That could go into-- That's Magical Mr. Mistoffelees, right there. Cats. Such a bullshit answer, by the way. MATT and Yeah, we've got plans. Oh my god! Can we come out with Critical Role branded spices? Like, just legit spices? I don't know! I feel like that's a lawsuit ready to happen. Right there. Yeah. Tweet all of your complaints at Geek & Sundry, not at us! Okay, yes! Hi! Sure. Yeah. All the things. Yep, and "Did you make him sleep on the couch?" How many times have I heard that one? (laughter) That's a good question. There's been a few times, I think there was a little bit there for a while, that even our fellow game players were like, "Marisha, you know something!" And I was like, "I would love it if he talked to me, you guys, but he just doesn't." It's a little like, "Mom! You're supposed to knock!" Yeah, he does, a lot. He does that. It's all true. That's what's funny about it. Yeah, but I've gotten that, people have been like, "Oh, is Matt going easier on her?" and there's also certain people who have said the opposite, of like, they think he's being harder on me in order to really prove that he's not being easier on me. You know, so it's a Catch-22, but luckily I think there's especially a lot of us who're starting to come out of the woodwork these days, and we're like, no, we're on the level. We're cool. We have a pretty good separate DM-and-player relationship. And we try to respect it. Yeah, cheating's not fun. That's what people have always said. "Do you go into his notes? Do you sneak into his notes, into his binders?" I'm like, no. That's dumb. You have our attention. (laughter) Oh! You just read that off like major-league baseball stats. AUDIENCE Good for you. It was better off in your hands. AUDIENCE Those damn vision quests. I think the twins kind of went first, because their dad happened to be, like, the president of Syngorn. Which is kind of like one of our neighboring towns, so we wound up dealing with some of their stuff at the home game. And I remember the first time, when they were like, "Hello, father," and we were all like, "What?!" Because they didn't tell us that. Because that was the first time we'd really gotten to anyone's backstory stuff, so we were like, "Plot twist!" Anyway. Continue. AUDIENCE Thank you. Yeah, I remember when you went to go get drinks with Eric, who's my writer for Signal Boost, and you were like, "Hey man, I'd really love to go get drinks," and he was like, "Oh. Okay, yeah, sure, man. I've never really hung out one-on-one, I'm not sure what he wants to talk to me about." And then his side is that you sat him down and you were like, "Dude. Okay. Here's what I'm planning for their campaign, and I have to tell someone." (laughter) Once again, can't talk to anybody. Yeah, Eric came back with gray hair, he'd seen the future. You started as a DM? I love displacer beasts, just because they're displacer kitties. They're so cute. Oh, you're so scary, aren't you? You think you're scary. That's how you beat displacer beasts. You're just like, "You're scary!" Yeah, totally. No, they were really hard at level three. Also, I mean, beholders. Beholders are iconically amazing and hard to fight and each one is a little tactically different. I love that. What about you? So fun. Super fun. Damn it, Anthony. Smart guy. No pressure or anything. (laughter) I feel like we should. I'm sorry. I couldn't even attempt to answer a question like Sam can, so I'm not even going to try. I have one of my new revelations with Keyleth is-- I've said this a couple times, but I genuinely feel like ever since I've embodied Keyleth, and especially more so since the stream started because we play more on a weekly basis, I genuinely feel like she's made me a more empathetic and compassionate person. Because me, personally, I'm more closed off and a little bit more-- I'm more introverted. I have my social anxieties. Keyleth helped me get that first instinct. Because her first instinct is always, "I'm going to do whatever I can for the betterment of other people." That's not necessarily my first instinct. She taught me a lot, genuinely, about that. Then I remember even the moment that I had with Patrick Rothfuss on stream. Which I don't want to, like-- Once again, no spoilers. (applause) Sorry, I talked for a long time on that one. Keep going. AUDIENCE Yeah. AUDIENCE That's a great question. Keyleth has always felt like the odd man out, you know? Once again, she'll always go with the flow, unless she feels like it's real bad, guys. Like, "Maybe we should really think about this." I've had a few people in the interwebs be like, "Why does Keyleth always have to disagree with everybody?" She doesn't, actually. It's just that she doesn't really speak up a lot of the times. You're literally only remembering the times that she does? It's taken her a while to get that courage to be that kind of a person. She also thinks-- It's not that she thinks. She knows-- I know-- she's the least coolest member of the group. (awwing) Hey, that's her purpose. That's her role! It's good. AUDIENCE Yeah, thank you. Yeah, of course we had our Pathfinder game before we switched over. He was also my first Dungeon Master. It was before we were dating. You actually DMed for me and my boyfriend at the time. That's true. That's also true. Was that a Matt Mercer horn? That's amazing. Anyway, we played Pathfinder. I played a Buffy the Vampire system for a while, which was fun. Together, if you step outside of RPGs for a bit-- in terms of couple gaming-- we play Mansions of Madness all the time. Mansions of Madness is great, and they just came out with a new system that's amazing, a second edition. We also play a lot of Minecraft together because it's our come home from a 14 hour day and need to zone out and hit blocks for an hour. It's our zen thing, and you get the nice Minecraft zen meditation music. You're like, "This is almost like a spa." "Oh my god, that's the best! Yes I do!" "Oh man, you get the cows. I'll get the sheep." AUDIENCE Yeah we play WoW together too. Totally. Good times. (cheering) Hi! The light was obscuring you a little bit. I can see you now-- can't really see you now. I can see you now. It's true, yeah. (cheering) That's a good question. To preface a little bit about what she's talking about, in case you didn't know, all of us put out character Spotify playlists to help give you a little more insight into some of our characters. We did it last year, and we're right in the middle of our second round because, quite frankly, we enjoy doing them so much, and we wanted to do it again. We're all music lovers. Who's not a music lover? This is MAGFest! Everyone here's got to be a music lover! We wanted to do it again. You can all find them on Geek & Sundry Spotify. I actually went searching a decent amount for a lot of my stuff. It definitely has a lot of my musical influences. My dad raised me on a lot of bluegrass, and classic rock, and folk, and things like that. I grew up in Kentucky-- this part of the woods, you guys! They're all songs that I love and definitely speak to my influence of music, but still very much have that Keyleth taste. We get really anal retentive about them. We'll be like, "No. It's not perfect enough. It's close, but not enough." We've spent months on those, finding the perfect songs. That's not true. You had an even harder time because you were doing the NPC playlists. You had one or two songs per character, which is hard. Wait, which one? Oh, Bangarang? Oh yeah, that's a good one. Are you Gilmore? AUDIENCE Or Talks Machina. Hi, Ben! Much to their chagrin, I'm sure, I just don't listen to them. (cheering) Not perfect. Maybe time for one or two more? Yes! Thank you. Can I just say, real quick, it sounds like we're all going down on the Titanic for this last question. So I just want to relish this moment. Proceed, Green Arrow. Proceed. AUDIENCE Like, when we started streaming? Oh, before stream. Uhh. (chocolate-anticipatory gibberish)