I've never seen it so big! That's what she said. Oh, that's so great. After 4 PM! And joining me is this glass of Shiraz. Yay, Shiraz! I do! My first ever D&D character was actually with this guy. He was my first dungeon master. Once you go Matt Mercer? (laughter) I had never played before, because I grew up in a small town in Kentucky, where Dungeons & Dragons was a ritual cult, or something. MATT and I came out to Los Angeles, and he ran a one-shot for me, and I made a controller ranger. It was Fourth Edition, and she was a ranger that would cast control spells. She was a drow, yeah. Drow ranger controller caster. It was cool. I had bats. I had a lot of bats. I would make AoE's filled with bats. That's what I remember. MATT and I actually didn't play that first game, because no one else had played. I was there as assistant coach, assistant to the dungeon master. I went around and would help the characters. I basically just pointed to their stat sheets whenever they were confused on what to roll. Just pointing over people's shoulders. "Where's my damage?!" "Right there." I was totally Clippy. Don't forget your advantage! No! No one would watch that shit. We gave ourselves a promise that if we hated it after six weeks and if it didn't take off, we would quit and go back to playing at home. No harm, no foul. We aren't losing anything, really. Needless to say, that decision was not made. Which I am very glad it was not made. It's funny how things work out. Not a whole lot. Part of our stipulation for making it a show is that we didn't want it to change. We were in pre-production for six to eight months with Geek and Sundry, because they were in the same camp that we were in, where they thought there's no way anyone's going want to to sit down and watch people play Dungeons & Dragons for four hours. They kept trying to make it more visual. One of the original ideas is that we would play to a certain point in the campaign, then we would stop, then we would all jump on computers into an MMO, like World of Warcraft, and then beat the boss in the MMO. We were like, "You don't know how Dungeons & Dragons work. That-- no." Luckily it didn't go that way. The benefits are one, we're not waiting in between games for six weeks. We only have a week so we can retain information a lot more. Since we're on camera, it cut away from the side-table chatter that you have in a lot of your games, where if one person's distracted with something, you're like, "Hey bro, how's work going?" "Wait, what happened?" It cut down on a lot of that, which was good. If anything, we're almost more engaged? There are no words. I don't know, man. It's forever overwhelming, and we'll say repeatedly that Critical Role is not just the show. When we say Critical Role, we're not talking about the stream that airs from seven to ten on Thursday nights, we're talking about the fan art and about the community, because if it wasn't for the fan art we wouldn't have visuals. The fan art really does add so much more to the show. It's all so good, it's all so good. See, look at how many. It accounts for 50% of what we are, for sure. We're always so humbled. Not to go Keyleth on everybody here for a minute, but we're not heroes, we're not special. We're just people and-- I did! But we're not! We're not. Just to have anybody to say that we've moved them or affected them, it's like-- I'm going to stop talking about it so I don't start crying on stage. I drink. Cows. (cheering) A lot of people ask for your improv-ed NPC's. Give a quick list of your improv-ed, unexpected NPC's. Victor. Victor wasn't expected-- Kynan wasn't expected, right? No wait, Kynan was. There's so many that you weren't expecting. Never mind. Shut up, Telltale. Shut up. "Big bird." I think the hashtag Vox Moochina started happening after that. Based on this one fuck up. I remember we were all so angry at ourselves after that because we were like "Man, that was some level one mistakes right there-- can't believe we did that," and everyone wonders why we're so paranoid. (high pitched voice) "God, why are you guys taking so long to talk about these plans?" (crying voice) "Because people die! This is real life!" Go with it. I'd go there, hell yeah. Gilmore's Glorious Grooves. (dance music noises) (dance music noises) You're going to like the way you look, I guarantee it. I briefly mentioned it before but he was my first DM and then-- that was just a one-shot, and then I was hooked from there on out. I think I had an adrenaline high for like the rest of the evening after that game, and then from there on out I sought out my own games and then I ended up doing a Buffy the Vampire tabletop RPG for a while, which was great. A few other shorter campaigns, little one shots, and then came back around for the game before this one. Which was with you and yeah-- Taliesin, and a few other people. That was our long running game for about a year, well-- MARISHA and Then from there, jumped into this game. That's a deeper question for you. (sharp inhale) [no audio] That's it. Trapped? I think to go off of that point, know that the game won't wait for you, so if you want to say something, you have to make it be known. I mean, there's been a few times-- I'm sure you guys have all noticed most of them, when something might happen and one of us will have an idea, or want to try to say something and then a moment will come in and take it off in another direction and then it's gone, but you have to let it go. Once again. it's just like life, that happens sometimes, but if you want to say something, you jump on it immediately. I actually get asked a lot from my fellow ladies, any advice for women who want to jump into the genre, and a lot of them are very intimidated because it seems very male-dominated. That's such a tough, layered question to answer in so many ways-- I mean, in two ways. One, we look out in this audience, like half of them are women. First off, represent. Yeah! Ladies game, hell yeah. I feel like that's slowly coming out of that trend. Secondly, I then want to address all of our boys out there, all of our men, because there is a little bit of onus on you to realize that it can be intimidating if you're a woman trying to come into this. So, if you are at a gaming store, and a woman joins your group, just be welcoming. Realize that that's not necessarily easy to do and it does take a lot of balls to walk in there, and just be open and accepting. I think so much about D&D is about being open and accepting, because you don't want to sit down at a table where you feel like you're going to be judged. You know? I choo- choo- choose you! We try not to be offensive. (laughter) Yeah, basically there were evil eyeballs in a bunch of crystal orbs, and they were like, "We saw what you just did and we're coming for you!" and were like "Well, that's ominous. Well, anyway, moving on! We have no context for that!" and kind of just kept going. (laughter) That bitch is mine. That bitch is mine! That bitch is mine! Raishan! WONDER What? Who's that? (fake laugh) AUDIENCE And then they were like "Oh yeah, by the way, we actually want to do a PR Q&A with Vin "Diesel for like, the last 20 minutes. So you really only have about 40 minutes?" MATT and He was so nervous. Jesus. Shut up! I wasn't, no I wasn't, no i wasn't! No, that wouldn't happen in front of a bunch of people! Shut the fuck up! (laughter) That was the most L.A. thing I've ever done. I don't know what I was going to say. It's not important anymore. WONDER I mean, technically, if we want to get all actor-y woo-woo on you for a hot second, the Stanislavski method actually works a little bit like this, where you make a table, or a T chart, and whenever you have a character, you write down the ways you are like that character and all the ways you are not alike that character, and the way Stanislavski teaches it is; in the ways that you are similar, awesome! You don't have to act. And it's not a bad system because I could be a mile apart from someone sitting next to me, but you're still going to have something in common. Everyone has something in common, somewhere. Yeah, by the by, if you tag us in the tweet it does mean we can see it. (laughter) And I'm like, "Hey dude." And he's like "I didn't know! I didn't know you-- Hi? Hi." I can see that. We've been planning as a group that whenever Vox Machina's story comes to the end we want to have like, at a tavern, some drinks, and it's us talking to St. Peter at the Pearly Gates being like "All right dude, so tell us this one time that the beholder did this thing and could I "have avoided it?" and you just tell us all your secrets. I want all the secrets! All! Yes! Okay, moving on. (laughter) WONDER I'm sorry what? WONDER He hasn't used that poison? What a dumbass. (laughter) Love you Liam, if you watch this later. (laughter) WONDER Anything on rule 34? (laughter) I forgot about that, yeah. It became like a test of willpower, to see how long you could get through it. I did what with-- how many of us were in one-- what?! Jesus! Yeah, that was extreme. We love you, just-- Yeah. Yeah. (laughter) AUDIENCE (garbled noises) AUDIENCE Where are you going with this? AUDIENCE I'm sorry, this has never happened to me, I'm so embarrassed. Keep going. AUDIENCE Perv-an! Perv-an! (laughter and cheers) Monday, Tuesday, Happy Days-- whoa! Holy shit, what is this stone? What was the book we found in the store, Game Empire, and it was called GM's Gems or something like that. Yeah, it had a list of names, it had a list of NPC quirky hooks, like has one eye and an eyepatch, and has a limp, you know, so that you can just look quickly and be like, this is an interesting person, that I totally thought about! It's like Mad Libs D&D. WONDER Yeah, I mean, we know a lot of the Telltale guys too, but they--- Yeah, they're doing their own thing right now. Don't do that. Let's just say there are things. Being worked on. I can't say any more! NDAs, and shit! We're working on it, man! And I do want to preface all of this with, when you guys watch Critical Role, we are pretty much 100% self-produced. We work with our producers at Geek and Sundry, but they are also producing everything else, so we're very self-run, so when you see the fan-art galleries, in break, Liam does that. When we do the pre-show announcements, I do that. That's all stuff we wrangle. We self-produced our opening title video, you know? So it's just us, and we're working as fast as we can. Yeah. Something about the Gollum voice? WONDER Go, Matt, go. If I multiclassed into anything? So, full disclosure, I actually debated heavily about multiclassing with Keyleth for a hot second, but I am a little torn, because honestly I'm still kind of going with the flow of the character-- none of us know what's going on, we're all riding by the seat of our pants with this one, so you guys know about as much of Keyleth's future as I do. Because we're allowing ourselves to be affected by the story elements, so it'd be stupid if I was like, "No, I "mean, this is going to be my future, I'm going to have an Oscar in five years!" You know, like that type of thing. So we try not to do that, because the world changes you. So, I did debate for a hot second when Keyleth was very angry, she's pulling out of her anger phase, but when she was so upset at the way that the world had become, and that she'd been lied to-- she felt like she'd been lied to. So there was a hot second that I actually debated about throwing a point of barbarian into her. (whoas, surprise) So I thought about-- and I'll tell you the moment that I thought about it, and it was after the Fire Ashari had gotten wiped out, and I levelled shortly after the Fire Ashari got wiped out. And then there was the few times at Whitestone where I started using my Fire Storm spell and I was describing it as very like, Keyleth is enraged, she's enraged, and angry, and she's crying and she's casting these fire spells. So that was the moment after the Fire Ashari was wiped out that I heavily debated it but-- it is tough because Keyleth's whole overarching journey is to try and become arch-druid, and be the salvation to her people so, yeah. WONDER Dance, monkey. Dance! Dance, monkey! AUDIENCE I'm just enjoying Overwatch like a happy person. (laughing) (screaming) (cheering) Hi! AUDIENCE Hey! Body pride, right. Be comfortable with yourself! No body shaming! Free the nipple! (cheering) Dragons are destroying the world, you think we give a shit about seeing each other's titties? Yeah, you're experiencing it with us. Which I think, like you said, is why it's so engaging. When there is a huge plot line reveal, we're reacting with you guys. Yeah, I think the only time that I've really-- like the Gilmore thing, that was totally circumstantial, that just worked out the way it worked out. Dungeon Master! ♪ Happy Birthday to you! ♪ WOMAN WITH