Keep Christmas going! Hang on, wait. Can I repour my glass of wine that spilled at the very top of the episode? Are you trying to save this episode? It's too early to save this episode. We just figured we could have a classic Critmas powwow. I like that, and then a hard cut to Christmas gifts we opened. (laughter) I, for one, appreciate that Travis's letter got to you before the restraining order did. A little bit of backpedalling on our part. The fuck? By the way, that's a self-imposed rule. No one else puts that on him. Still a self-imposed rule. Did you do that? Do you have a key card? I'm hoping for some of that to change in 2017. Bright new future. I thought we were talking about Mike Pence. Yeah, let's open presents. Scott McLean. Yeah! Yeah, he sent that ivy circlet that I used to have. Oh yeah, it's like the spiritual successor to Three Wolf Moon. We are so going camping. We know! Oh my god it says #WeKnow. Thanks for keeping us streaming. Did you hear her disappointment that she had to share it with me? Are they comfy? She's not here, right? This is from Kane Velante, and she says, avid member of our show and all of the artistic masterpieces that people-- I don't want to read the whole letter because of time, but they basically gave new minis to Grog and-- Oh thanks, dude! Bailey's truffle. That's what I want. That's been engraved. This is from Melanie Gurran and she sent us seaglass that she has collected from the shores of Washington that is apparently lucky, and if we-- Taliesin. She said that they're lucky stones so that if we put them in our dice bag, maybe it would bring us good luck. Oh, Laura part two, because she knows. And this is for Ashley-- That so qualifies you to be reading that. I love how he hands it to me because he knows. I like this tradition. Why? This is what we call marriage counseling. No, he said from a German background. That's amazing, thank you! Whoever-- oh, a Norse colony in Germania. Yeah, this is how we settle things now. This is for you, Matt. This is from Josh Miller or @JMiller1 on Twitter. We read your letter, Josh. It's amazing, and hopefully we do run into you, maybe in the near future. He said that this is for you, specifically. Oh shit! This is a donation from Sarah Sutton to Mark Sutton. Wait, hang on. She donated $30. For inspiration given in honor of Critical Role. From Sarah at Fethermount. Yay, Sarah! You're awesome, Sarah! Keyleth! Look! She did short-haired Keyleth. This is going to be my new journal. Jani Malkki, @realcamel on Twitter, sent us chocolate from Finland. It's never been an issue. It must be nice-- It's another short story from @Tiamat_ZX on Twitter, who I love. Thank you so much. I will read it when I get home. This is little needlepointed Scanlan shit. For Ashley. This is from Judith, a.k.a. @judrakJ at Twitter from the Netherlands. Travis. Sam. She said, "Dear Matt, Taliesin, Marisha, Laura, Travis, Ashley, Liam, Sam, and the crew. Hi. Do you know the feeling of writing your secret crush notes? Of course you do. Well, this is kind of the feeling I have writing this letter to you guys, so please forgive me if this letter is incoherent, a little awkward, and/or maybe a little coy." Yeah, I'm not going to read the whole thing, but I thought the beginning was cute. Someone donated to the Nature Conservancy, and I got a turtle. I don't know who this is from. Oh, jeez. They got this bookmark for you, Sam. I don't know who this is. They just signed it "L". So whoever anonymously donated, you're awesome and thank you, L. Okay! Uncle Iroh! It's an Avatar map! And it's an Iroh quote. Iroh's the best. Awesome presents in the mail! He's bringing a new life to VHS cases. It's a you and Grog quilt! These are the same people who did the one for us, too? I know where he is. Oh, cool! This is the princesses as Avatar mashup. As benders, which I'm so about. I remember this series. I remember seeing it on Tumblr when it came out. This is pretty fucking awesome. Thank you so much! What's next? Because that velcro neon was so flattering to begin with. I'll have a bear. Are those the graphic novels we spilled wine on at the top of the show? I call dibs on one with no wine on it. Yeah. I'm assuming it's a PO box, right? Get it, Chloe. If we collect them all, maybe they'll sponsor us. Oh, is it yellow? Well, no, there was an Elle that gave a donation. I have Christmas tree earrings! Awesome. That was nice. Now Christmas is over. The lead singer spinning off. Solo album! Shit, man.