The water bottle bow. Lean all the way up to the mic. It has not come into play since he established that. I imagine Grog has an Etsy store in his spare time, making boots. I didn't know that. I had tried the druid in 4th edition and I hated it and I thought druids were useless. And then we did this game and I was like all right, yeah, I guess I'll give druids a shot one more time. This was Pathfinder and you could pick a domain kind of like clerics could, and I couldn't decide between any of the elements, so I was like, well, I'll just start with air and I'll just make it my thing to go get all of them. And that's how she was born, not really out of character development, mainly out of selfish min/maxer shit. (laughter) I didn't mean to make her based off of The Last Airbender. It subconsciously seeped in and happened that way. Yeah. That's it, really. Yes. I don't even know where you pulled that from. Instead, you pulled the amazing Minor Illusion move. This is the first time I'm hearing any of this, by the way! (laughter) Spoiler alert! If you're not caught up, go la la la la la. Yeah, no, I'm starting to get used to it. Yeah. I mean, we could talk about you and Jarett. (oohing) I actually did not expect that type of reaction. It's a good question, dude. I love our system. You have a good question. Let's give attention to someone else. Is that my-- too much? That's a method, yeah! AUDIENCE It sounds like your players have more issues of optimism. AUDIENCE You realize we get different numbers, right? We don't get the same. I'm actually really excited because we have planned, as soon as we all eventually die or if this campaign comes to an end, we're going to have a party that's us at god's gate. And it's just going to be us asking Matt, "Okay, that one time that we did this--" And it's just going to be us asking Matt all the questions that we've ever wanted to ask. And that's true for storytelling in general. (laughing) That was cool. And there's always "Acquisitions Inc." Acquisitions Inc has been around forever. They're great. Yeah. Next question. AUDIENCE Hello. AUDIENCE To decipher the letter that I got from Pike that was written in Celestial? AUDIENCE You know, it's still on my to-do list. AUDIENCE I'm sure it's a wonderful, lovely message. True. Was that you? AUDIENCE I'm going to cry if I read it. Okay, keep going. AUDIENCE It's always a shame, always shame. Yeah, what was the con we were at this past weekend, and the guy was telling a story about that, and he rolled to just gently kick his friend awake, just kind of nudging his friend awake, and so the DM made him roll for it, and he rolled a nat one. Oh, it was a natural 20. He kicked his head off! (laughter) You just got punished for a nat 20. I don't know if I've thought about it. Best con ever. Yeah, I kind of agree with Laura. It's almost hard to say because the actors bring so much of the characters themselves that it just wouldn't be the same. But I guess if I had to pick one. Thor. I want Thor! Tell that to Marvel. All right, yeah. Oh shit, I just realized! It took me half a second. Dope! AUDIENCE She's even got the Vex swagger going. Frederick von-- I love that if we wait for like ten minutes one will just appear. They're spawning! We are literally changing the world with D&D. Ultimately, the whole reason we even did this show was to share it out with other people and to share the joy that is D&D and gaming. It's just even more of a compliment and an honor to hear you guys paying it forward and to continue to spread the gospel that is the Player's Handbook. (laughter) For Portland? AUDIENCE All right, all the way into the mic. AUDIENCE I know. I think so. I think he did, like, once. Hey, hey, he's gotten two how do you want to do this. Hopefully I've got it! I can turn him into a red panda, that's generally all I care about. It's true! It's true, he always has it. Yeah, every episode? Let's cut to the eight times between Laura and I that we've been like, we just (sobbing) oh God, oh God, this is crying. I mean, that counts. Oh! I'd never heard that! It's like a skin you can download in Portal. It's great. I guess the best one that I have-- it's hard to top Gavroche. I was in a production of The Nutcracker, and I was a soldier. We had to come through the flat on the stage, and we had these hats that came down, and we were soldiers, and I missed the entrance and slammed into the flat. Anyone who does theater, you know these flats are made out of cardboard, so the whole thing went-- (shaking noise) and almost fell over. It didn't fall over, but-- It was very obvious that I smacked into a flat. The entire section. You're asking us as Vox Machina? Vax is probably the best person. Vax is probably most selfless. Yeah, we don't really have these conversations. We try and keep it for the game. Are we going to get shat on for metagaming? It's interesting, actually, all the different ideals our characters have evolved. Everyone loves to comment on if Keyleth did something right or wrong. Everyone seems to have an opinion. And once again, people need to understand where Keyleth is coming from. I'm the evil bastard. Honestly, like legitimately, Keyleth has probably done some of the worst stuff that's also trying the hardest, so it just really messes with her psyche. It's true. I'm the worst! I try so hard. We're extremely flawed. Everyone's broken. We have no fucking clue what we're doing. Ever. Do you want my leftover one? Yeah. And we're also a bunch of A personalities, so sometimes you have to fight if you want to have a moment. If you want to have something, you have to not be afraid to jump in. And you've probably seen a hundred times where some of us have started to do something, and then it might have gotten cut off, and then you have to let it go. You move on. Just like in life, sometimes it is not the right time or the right place. I hope it's a good one. So bad! We've drank three beers in an hour. Thank you, guys! We have to pee because you've given us so many beers.