Let's see here. Eyy! There's people! It is working! Tweeted it out. Hello! Yes, sort of random impromptu road trip chaos. I apologize if we lose you at any point because we don't have a lot of service sometimes driving through the hills of California. Yes. All of those things. Yeah. We were kind of bored. I guess not that bored. No! That's not true at all! I'm not bored. We have done this drive a few times, though. Well, let me see-- there we go. It's pretty. It's a nice pretty sunset right now, look at that! West coast, best coast. Yeah. You've got the mountains. So yeah. There's Matt. Yeah. Making faces while driving as always. Yeah. These clouds-- look at that! Look at those clouds in the distance. May-- get some rain. We don't really have anything to talk about right now. Is this Mister Bungle? Traffic! There's traffic now, which you can see. You got to wait for it. There we go. This is when it gets fun because we get to-- two lanes, three lanes, and then any time there's a wreck, it completely stops all traffic. And there's nothing you can do, and there's no roads around it. But it does look really ominous. I'm just going to keep showing people the clouds because-- funny. Oh no! It was an accident. I'm like those people! I know! Filming an accident. I'm one of them! There's a camper. Look at that! Look at that camper! The Bounder. Uh-huh. There's some mountains. That house. Someone lives out there. That's what always, like, look at this. There's nothing around, we've been-- like an hour outside of the city. There's been outside of town. That person is an hour outside of civilization. No matter-- Yeah. I like to do that for a few days out of the year. That makes sense. Yeah, I guess. Sometimes you forget that you're on-camera. Is this Pogo? Wait, turn it up. Okay, so there's this DJ. DJ, I guess? Music artist guy. Who makes-- Yeah, the Disney mixes. He does Disney mixes, and he also does Skyrim mixes. Yeah, love his Skyrim mix! So great. This is one of the Alice in Wonderland mixes, which is amazing. [music with heavy drum beat] I'm just going to mix the music instead. I'm sure people have questions, but music. Hey, Periscope isn't necessarily about answering questions, though, right? Right now, I am making this Periscope about Pogo. Because I want to because it's my Periscope and I'm allowed. These people tuned in, so they're going to have to listen to us talk about Pogo for a second. Yeah, go to the Skyrim one. Oh hello from San Diego, hello from everyone on the west coast. Yes, Pogo. Here's-- [drum beat with assorted tweeting and sound effects] All from Skyrim. It's amazing. And it's awesome and-- around here? ["Skyrim Symphony" continues playing] ♪ Take what you need. ♪ It's so good! These clouds-- People are You didn't voice anything in Skyrim. No, you haven't done-- The human people. Nords! Thank you, person. Nords. Funny. (laughs) Someone asked if we keep soundproofing foam in our car. So not normally. We just bought a new sound booth, like a portable sound booth, and we transported the booth and just shoved the booth in the corner in the garage for right now because we haven't had time to actually set it up. We put up a bunch of extra foam that goes inside the booth in the backseat and haven't had time to get it out. So now it's coming to San Francisco with us! Yay! Let's go on a roadtrip, foam! You and me, foam! You and me, foam, bffs for life! Foam, you're awesome, man. It does. Nice to cuddle with. Foam's great. We are now under the cloud that we were driving into. Hang on. There it goes. Yeah, look at that! Looks like we're driving into Mordor! All we have are some fucking eels. Yeah. For those asking, I have family in San Francisco and Oakland area. That Matt's never met. He's going to get to see some of my crazy cousins and my crazy California aunt and uncle. Yeah. Yeah, get to do a little bit of-- MATT and Simon and Garfunkel are great. Let's see. What else? Yes, Meghan, we got your email, congratulations on everything. That's great. Keep up the good work. Know that we don't always have time to necessarily respond to everyone, but we do try and read everyone's messages. So thank you so much! Yes, I'm pretty sure Liam did break Twitch on Thursday. It got dark! It got dark so fast! We drove under a raincloud and it got visibly darker in here! It's so crazy! It's great because the brake lights lit up right as that happened, so you had a nice red glow. So good! (laughs) Yeah. Bakersfield!