Should we all move down? Welcome to the table. Grog's shirt's over there. Everything with four in it. Hello! I am Marisha Ray, AKA Keyleth the half-elven druid who everyone either loves or hates or you love to hate. You can hear me as Margaret in the Persona franchise and Metal Gear Solid The Phantom Pain-- also a four-- no, that's a five. Signal Boost is out right now on the Geek & Sundry network. I'm hosting, and we have a new host coming up soon. I love it. It's become my baby. It's nice. It's fun. It's irreverent. It's weird. If you don't get it, you won't get it. There's been a lot of work gone into that series, okay? A lot of sleepless nights. Not breastfeeding in public so don't ask, it's fine. That was so Bon Jovi of you, "Yeah right side of the stage!" There are mic runners. What are we talking about? Oh that's right we have a ring. I have my ring on me. Line physics. Laura hates change. It's fine, I'll take this burden. It was nice mixing it up because we got different dynamics when we sat next to other people. I just want to say, I think Team Right Side of the Table is more progressive, and we like switching it up every once in a while. That's all I'm saying. Does that answer your question? AUDIENCE Good. That side! Purvon. My first experience with a druid in fourth edition D&D. I hated it. I hated druids so much. I was like, "They're useless, sort of good at nothing." When I did a druid for this game I was like, "All right, I'll give you one last shot." It worked out great! Yeah. Three years later. (whooshing) (applause) Thanks. Thanks. Well-- Or you can hand them to Claudia. Everyone say "Hi, Claudia." AUDIENCE I love that your question was basically, "They're insane; how do you manage it?" His trunk is like a map graveyard. Just like my passive-aggressive aunt. That's healthy. Yeah. I'm with you. You often think about all the things. Like Percy. Next time, next game I'm going to give Percy a piece of my mind. Then you're like, "Hey, Percy! I have a flower for you." That's about as far as that goes. Yeah, the concentration spells are a bitch. It's absolutely Rick and Morty I also love Dan Harmon so much. I'm a massive Community fan. I'll watch anything Dan Harmon does. He's amazing. This has context now. Last night. AUDIENCE Yeah, we have. Mary and Will were both newbies. Sun bros! AUDIENCE We're really good people. We're role models. AUDIENCE Natural 20. Yeah, we're all aware. We're not crazy yet. Like Laura was saying, we've been with these characters now for three years. Keyleth is my imaginary best friend, in a weird way. I am definitely emotionally invested and when we're in, like Laura was saying earlier, when we're in these characters' minds a lot, it's easy to get emotionally invested as actors, but we're not totally insane yet. This is my velociraptor stance. (laughter) AUDIENCE Yeah, I think every time I cry, I get inundated with people being like, "Oh my god, Marisha. I couldn't tell if you were crying, or if Keyleth was crying." I'm like-- Yes? Little bit of column A, little bit of column B? We're in a drought. Damn it. (laughter) Yeah, but for example, when Taliesin, or sorry, when Percy and Grog get into a conflict-- It was great! They were actually angry at each other in real life. I didn't know that, challenge accepted. That's messed up on multiple levels. AUDIENCE We need a ticker of how many things you say that are royally messed up. She just died three games ago, man! That's true. You realize you're giving him trans-dimensional power, right? Do you realize the Pandora's box you could be opening right now? The Deliverance arc. (laughter) What would be more productive for you is to go to iwanttobeavoiceactor.com. I'm serious. AUDIENCE Yeah, I'm serious. That's Dee Bradley Baker's website. He's probably one of the most prolific voice actors in this industry. He's amazing, he's in everything that you've ever seen, ever. You saw Yuri Lowenthal on Titansgrave, so you know him as well. That's your source list. Our characters? AUDIENCE I would be an apple. Ruby red. Over there! AUDIENCE I was going to say that kaitiaki was a word that I picked up on when I was in New Zealand. It's a Maori word that means leader, respect, guardian, and I was like, "That's perfect!" So I appropriated it. Classic white person. (laughter)