It's working again, sort of! For the time being. See if his phone makes any amount of difference. Is this light blinding you? Is it bad? Would this be better? Let's see here. Oh, that's a little bit better. We're kind of rim lit. It's kind of nice, it's more cinematic this way. I don't look as washed out, either, when we use the light from behind as well. Hi, guys. How are you doing? So it got dark in the time that we went through Bakersfield and Coalinga. Oh my god, you're right! And it just started smelling bad right as we said that! I summoned it! It's so bad. There's this part-- oof. Ooh, it's bad. There's this part on the 5 when you're driving up north through California-- oof-- and the name of the town is Cow-alinga, spelled like C-O-A-L-I-N-G-A. Coalinga, yeah. Coalinga. But everyone calls it Cow-alinga because there's a bunch of dairy farms. The entire town just smells like-- Cow shit. Yeah, it just smells like the worst and we're hitting it. Yeah. That's a really good way of putting it, I guess. Sure. So, yeah, we're going through Coalinga right now, so that's fun. Someone asked how Fallout 4 was going, actually, and we were actually just talking-- We were just talking a minute ago about how we've reached that point, like we did in Skyrim, where you start to see the world through a filter. Aw, your mom just texted you. She said that they love you. Yeah. As we've been driving, we'll see things and be like, "Oh, look! That looks like a "great place for a settlement. That would be awesome." But it looks exciting. Oh, harvest! Harvest, harvest, harvest! Here, you see trash on the side of the road. I wonder if Fallout will spark-- Aw, I was going to say a new generation of people who go around cleaning trash off the side of the road. Everything's recycled. Yeah. We might be losing service again. It's getting a little spotty, it looks like. It's okay. You drive, I'll look at it. Man, we're trying so hard. Look, there it goes! Hang in there, connection! Yeah, totally. Yes. But yeah, no, I keep seeing power lines and abandoned sheds and I'm like, "Ah, Fallout!"