Don't tell him he's supposed to be here! Him breaking contract will be funny. I love that this has the name of our panel on it for us as a reminder. Are you Papa Mercer? Is that a thing? Are you reaching Godfather status? I think my chair's broken. My chair, the seat might fall out. It's all right. It's all right. I do get to reroll ones if it's elemental damage. Re-rolling that one. It's pretty good. It's all right. It's above average. Yeah! (cheering) A really low budget VR horror game happening right now. Yeah. "What do you will of me, council? What do you want?" Oh my god, Brian Foster, who is apparently supposed to be on this panel! (cheering) Oh, I'm Marisha Ray. (cheering) That was going to be your-- Yeah. Or the guy you'd like to have a beer with. Yeah, guy you'd like to have a beer with. I love that it feels like that you're calling the world series right now. From everyone-- --the reverberation. Yeah. It's just us I think. We're hearing it. "Welcome, welcome, welcome, to Wednesday Wrestlemania!" is what it feels like. It's true, though. There's been a few times that me, as a very supportive girlfriend, Matt's gotten sides in and I've been like, "Aw, babe, just, Taliesin.' Hearing him read through the wall and I'm like, it's not good. Just give it to Taliesin. My favorite is when I get a voice reference and it's Laura Bailey. (laughter) You always have people that are-- Yeah. Me and Courtenay Taylor. Every time. Yeah, I mean the real tips that you can get are just buy Voice-Over Voice Actor by Yuri Lowenthal and Tara Platt. Go to How To Be A Voice Actor.com by Dee Bradley Baker. Yeah, go talk to Fred, he's here. There's so many resources out there that are written down, and probably way more eloquent than what we could tell you right now. I mean honestly, being a voice-over actor is the easier parts of being in the industry. On-camera is scary. That's a really good way of putting it. Oh god! Let's go to the Bourgeois Pig! This'll fix everything! What we tell everybody is when you go to interview for your job, and you do it once and you're like whew, awesome. We do that every day. Every time you audition it's basically the equivalent of interviewing for your job and trying to convince people why you should be there. The reality is, you shouldn't, no one should be, it's a desert. It's, there's a serious water shortage you guys, no one should be there. And you! Dude, people are cosplaying as Brian Wayne Foster, okay. Oh, sorry. I feel like every artist or every creative wakes up one morning and starts having this existential crisis of, "Oh my god, everything that I do for a living is just made up. I just make up shit. Oh my god, nothing is real, what am I doing. Why are people paying me for shit, this is all a bad idea." What is happening, this is weird, why are people watching this? Yeah, we eat douchebags for breakfast. Ooh. Oh no. Oh no, this is a long story, you guys. I dunno, are there any singular lucky breaks? Always bet on Mercer. Always bet on him. No, I mean, I feel like my career and my success, when you look back in that introspective timeline of your life, and it was all these little nudges and hints, just pushing me into the same direction, and these weird little trail of events that happened that lead me one thing to another. I am obnoxiously tenacious, like maybe to a damaging degree, sometimes. AUDIENCE Goldfish is very indicative of that! I hate hearing no for an answer. Shouldn't say that out loud, either, that's probably damaging. But yeah, I turn into that toddler who's like four years old that's like, "Well why can't I do this? Why?" And it's like, "Well, that's because if you jump off a cliff, you'll die." "Why?" "Well, gravity and terminal vel--" "Why?!" And I just keep asking why until something happens. "Why?" "Why?" Yeah, break people down with their own defense. That's true. There has been like one maybe two times that Taliesin has been to me, "Leave, Marisha. Go. Out." That story? There's too many stories. But, no, I don't know, there's been-- A strong perseverance and hard- headedness, and honestly just constantly pursuing what made me happy in what I knew I wanted to do. That ended up putting me at a crossroads of acting and nerddom, and it was perfect. Thanks, man. Yeah. Best 50 bucks I ever spent. Photos are expensive. Change your hair, you have to take more pictures. And, seriously, on-camera shit is terrifying! No, we're Web Stars. It's different. Matt. We're Twitch famous, Matt. The family we make YouTube videos with. You're so insightful. That's a good point, though. It's a competitive that's there, but inspiring, and you're always rooting for the home team. Oh yeah, totally. Well, you know. When she dies, I get the other half of my soul. I don't know what you wanted me to say. Word. Come on, shameless plug. You brought it up. It's pretty dope. Next year is your ten years? MARISHA and Yeah. I automatically get my Jeep Wrangler, right? That just comes with my ten years? I automatically get a medical marijuana card, just with your ten-year anniversary. Yeah, great. I guess I'm going to go off the fiction ramp-- Since we were talking about creativity and how to inspire that, I've been reading through Creativity Inc. which is written by Ed Catmull, who was one of the founders of Pixar. He talks about harboring a creative environment, and helping the creative flow in the workspace, it's just really good for anyone. It's good! I think just allowing creativity to flow, and not extinguishing anyone's creative flame just because you think that your job title allows that. It could be a PA, it could be a writer, it could be someone in sales or marketing, and anyone can have a creative idea, and I think we all have a responsibility to listen to those creative ideas-- Regardless of where they are in the chain. Because anyone can have an amazing idea. I think a good leader will listen to all of those, even if they decide to implement them or not. Well, your name's Brian Foster. I mean. Yeah, well, stop pitching porn and then maybe we'll talk. I know. But we'll talk. Back to the drawing board. Yeah, there's a difference between getting a script for the Scientology Center and being like, nah, I'm good-- Versus an acting role. Your white, older, drunk male is rubbing off. It's showing. You get advantage on constitution checks. What Taliesin said. Next question. I thought she was talking to us. A hundred percent. I was like, oh no. (laughter) Actually this one-- A few just came out that I can announce. I am super over-dramatic and ridiculous and insane in the Friday the 13th video game that's coming out. You can kill me so many ways. So many ways to kill me. I am A.J. in that game. (intentional mumbling) Comes out on google it. Yeah. That actually might be true-- I did have people tweeting at me how they're like, "I've saved Marisha two times already! I gave her a security blanket and some hot chocolate." Like legit, that was someone's tweet. The true heroes. It's got a dialogue tree. A canine unit. You and Liam as Reverse Flash in that scene that came out was like the best thing ever. You're all welcome for Effie being a badass. Just putting that out there Brian, you're doing so much cool shit and you can't say any-- He's on Facetime right now glaring at you. (whispering, no audio) That's what happens when you fly American. Chibi-Overwatch? TALIESIN. Chibi-Overwatch. I would totally play Chibi-Overwatch. Especially if I got loot boxes for it. Can we bring house lights on a bit? I guess we can go ahead and get started, man in the dark. What's your name? AUDIENCE I see your face now! So awesome. So many. I was going to say, the kraken fight was intense. Cows! I'll never forget cows. Kicking K'Varn in the face was pretty dope. Beep beep. One was with Taliesin as the director. With me, that I reference all the time. That was Akiba's Trip. It was, "I need you to attack like a cat person, like a... half-cat, half-person." "And I need you to be incensed that as you're attacking, your clothes are being ripped off." Because Japan. And so, I was like-- I think "Because Japan" got dropped a few times. And it turned into a (screeching cat noise). I don't know. It was weird. It was all right. It was fine. One of my favorite ones, I think it was for the old Star Wars Battlefront, and it was this line where you're yelling, yelling, yelling, and then I got to a certain point and it was like "Just... more yelling." I remember taking a picture of that one. This is my job right now more yelling. Yeah, if they're really good. I think about Patrick Rothfuss and talking her down out of a panic attack quite a lot, because the rest of Vox Machina was too distracted and too in the moment and he was an outside force that was like, "Yeah, let's relate for a second. Let's go outside and relate. Hey girl, you want to go relate?" AUDIENCE Go relate and chill. Clank clank clank. AUDIENCE True disadvantage, yep. Now you know why. AUDIENCE Improv. The hardest part is picking a few things and committing 100 percent in those cold reading auditions, and even if it sucks, at least the director knows you can commit. Make a choice. Making a choice is massive. And then the director will say "New choice" and you go, "No, I'm Faye Dunaway!" and then you go, and then that's a new choice. MATT, BRIAN, and Never go full Faye Dunaway. But that tells them that you're malleable and can be directed, and can make a strong choice, even if it sucks. It's very layered. AUDIENCE No, it's good. Great question. First and foremost, I always try and speak to our boys, our guys in the audience, and say you also have a responsibility here. Feminism is not a female-exclusive problem. This is a team issue. Everyone has a responsibility here. I do a lot of stuff, super subconsciously. If I have a big meeting, I'll wear a button-down shirt and slacks and boots. What I try and keep in the back of my mind is that I'm not the first and I won't be the last, and there are more allies than enemies. Find your allies. They will be your guiding force and your strength behind you, but to definitely persevere. You got this, girl. You good. Don't take no for an answer. AUDIENCE Do not take no for an answer.