Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's special one shot, Honey Heist 3 Tova's Honeys. But first, I have a few announcements, like we always do. (cheering) I'm so glad you guys asked! It would be terrible. So that means I'm going to make content out of it. On a very special #EverythingIsContent this Wednesday, we'll be joined by a very special art instructor who will teach me how to draw Beauregard. And that amazing artist is Babs Tarr! The lovely Babs is going to try and teach me how to draw. Thanks, yeah, we'll see. I hope you guys like it! That is this Wednesday at 500pm Pacific, right here on twitch.tv/criticalrole. Okay, that's pretty much it for the announcements. (growling) Here we go. Tova, it has been three months since you sent the Sweet Brothers on their mission to clear Fort Lox from the control of the Bear Acuda and Hattori Bongo. Of course you've been living the adventuring life part-time, but now you are back at the High Bear Nation headquarters. You deliver the news back to Sir Paddington on the discovery of the balootonium from Fort Lox, the highly explosive honey-based compound that the clan was possessing. Since then it's been business as usual at the High Bear Nation. At least it has been when you've been there, which hasn't been that much. Which leads us to today, a day in which you've been requested to have a briefing with your boss, Sir Paddington. Now generally he doesn't speak with you directly unless it's pretty big. It's meeting time. You head down the hall, up to the third floor where his office is, even though he's never there-- You've actually never met Sir Paddington in person. It's just a little briefing room where he discusses things with agents whenever necessary. You get led in by the assistant, the door closes. "Hello Tova." "My favorite of the Honeys." "I have a new mission for you that is of the utmost importance." "Are you up for the task?" "We have gotten new information that more balootonium is continuing to find its way into the "criminal underworld. I know." "Right? We believe that whomever is distributing this weapon of mass destruction are "doing so by ocean transport. I know. Gasp." "A single gram is enough to destroy a small town. With this many lives at stake, I need "my top agents on the mission. I have granted you access to a full team. I have inserted their "coordinates into your globear positioning identification system. Of course, being your "system, it is the one labeled--" Roll a d6 for me. "The brains, as you are the brains of the group. Here is your globear positioning system." "You can as soon as I'm done debriefing you." "I know. Now if you insert the names of the other jobs, you can easily find the other "agents here in our headquarters. Those are the jobs, of course, being the muscle, the driver, "the hacker, the thief, and a face. You always need a good face." "Now once you've gathered the Honeys, as always, go talk to Bearsley for future details on "your mission. Go assemble your team. Track down who's responsible for the supply of the "balootonium, and bring them to justice." "Make me proud, Tova." "I enjoy hearing that. It validates me deeply." "That is me, correct. All right. Go form your team." You leave. It has! Who would you like to try and find first? All right, let's go ahead and give me a spin. Southeast. You head down a corridor and you look down on your positioning system and see a little flashing red beacon, you see a few of them. You head down a corridor, down the stairs towards the southeast wing of the High Bear Nation headquarters. In there you see the gym. In the gym, a hot, sexy-looking polar bear by the name of Drew Bearymoore is working out. Drew Bearymoore, would you like to describe yourself, as you are now the muscle. All right, who are you tracking down next? Going for the face. Go ahead and spin. You head out of the gym, take a left and head west all the way down to total far end of the headquarters, that's what it's called. At the end, you can see where this is coming from, there's a bedroom of one of the agents that lives on site. It's always dark in there, you're not sure what's going on. You knock on the door. This is The Midnight Maven's bedroom. Yeah, pretty good. Okay, you still need to find your driver, your hacker, and your thief. You type in "hacker" into your globear positioning system. (beeping) You head away from the living quarters and go up a flight of stairs and all the way back towards command office center. There's access to lights, city, information, things that a lot of people probably shouldn't have, and in there you see Bearah Pawcett. You need a driver and a thief still. (beeping) We are going northwest. Not far from where you are, but you head back down the stairs and into the garage, and there you find Grizz Leigh Bear. Thief. Sure. You type in thief and-- (laughing) You all gather yourselves and you head down to the R&D Center to meet with Bearsley. As you approach, automatic glass doors glide open as you enter the warehouse-like chamber. The lighting is a bit dim and only half the room is really lit. From what you can see, every inch of the walls are covered in shelves stocked with equipment. Emerging from the dark side of the room, you see an older bear, darker fur that's beginning to get a little salt-and-pepper. He's wearing a nice suit with a red pinstripe collared shirt and a bright red tie to match. This is Bearsley. You all know Bearsley pretty well. He's the right-hand man to Sir Paddington and the only member of the High Bear Nation to have ever met him in person. "Hello, honeys." "How you doing?" "I hear you're going on the balootonium mission. Is that true?" "I see the High Bear Nation's really pulled out their best for this one." (laughs) "Oh, well, thank you, I'm trying to go for a new look, you know." "All right, well-- Oh, Grizz, you're making me blush even under this fur!" "Just the cutest. All right. Honeys, let me debrief you here. Here's what we figured out. "Through our triangulation algorithm that we've invested in here at the High Bear Nation, we "believe that Stilben, which is a port town just east of here, is the town that's maybe responsible "or at least triangulated that a lot of this balootonium is coming in and out. Of course, we "think it's connected through the waterways and Stilben happens to be connected to just about "every other port on the eastern seaboard. Now, from there, it makes sense that it's Stilben "because it has a pretty big history of corruption and criminal underworld things. The Clasp has been "there for years, so we're not really surprised to see that Stilben is in the middle of all this. You "guys remember Hattori Bongo?" "He was that guy that the Sweet Brothers uncovered? Yeah, well, we have information from "one of our informants that one of his associates has been hunkered down in Stilben. Go talk with an "old friend over at Sunset Stride. It's a tavern in Stilben. Name of Penny, our informant. Informant's "named Penny. Clarification." "Correct." "Penny's good. Yeah, she might have some information, she's been down there for quite a bit." "She's gone a little local. You creep me out sometimes, Drew, it's like you know things "that you shouldn't know." "It's almost like you've been--" "Glad that the High Bear Nation has spared no expense. All right--" "Oh, man. Do you just live here? Okay." "Do you ladies have any other questions about the mission so far?" "That's a good question. We've uncovered five or six shipments thus far. It's not a lot, "but you don't need a lot when it comes to this stuff. Like I said, it all seems to be "triangulated back to Stilben. I think it's the central hub for where it's been shipping out. I "don't really know, though. You guys are the brains, am I right? That's why I'm just a secretary." "So glad you asked, Grizz. You always ask the right question." He hands each of you all a little pill container. "Now these are highly concentrated "doses of honey. You only get one, so use it sparingly. If you start feeling a little edgy, "start feeling your bear side to take over a little bit much, pop one of those guys in the back of "your molars. You'll start feeling calm as a criminal, ha! Anyway--" "See, Grizz likes my jokes." He loosens his tie. "And you know--" "We've been working a little bit more on those explosive devices, those rifles that we've "been telling you about." "The boom-boom sticks, exactly." "They are ready. We only have three, though, so I'll let you all decide amongst "yourself who would like a gun." "Speaking of beautiful explosions, we also have this. It's a little experimental. We "only have one that we feel comfortable releasing to you all. It's a magical bullet. It's a bullet "with an enchantment. Use that wisely." "Last but not least, it's a little fun one that the agency has been whipping up." I actually meant to grab a prop for them, but I forgot. X-ray sunglasses. "Now, keep in mind--" Here you go. That's for the thief. Those are pretty spy-tastic. "Well, keep in mind, since you guys are all members of the High Bear Nation, it is High "Bear Nation code to each have a globear positioning chip inserted inside of you. "So I mean--" "I mean, inserted inside of you, not in the bad way." "It's very handy. It is very handy--" "-- as dirty as it sounds. If you guys get separated, you can always turn to the globear "positioning system to find one another." "Zoot suit loo, very wonderful. Oh, and I should also tell you-- of course, normally, it "would be about a day or so's travel to Stilben on foot, which is not really the time we have. We "have one prototype of the thing that we've been whipping up." "You know. You know got a-- you're special, so Grizz might have gotten a little sneak "peak of the blueprints. You see, we've been investing in a local weapons manufacturer known as "Ripley. They've been whipping up something new for us, and it's--" and he goes, bleep bleep! A rounded, soft-bodied coupe spy car pulls up. It's got coppery, steamy engines, a part of it shooting out the back of it. It's painted this horrible pinky-salmon color that's a little too fleshy for your comfortability. It's like, you see what they were going for. It's got racing stripes down the side of it that break up the very penis-y looking color that the car is made out of. He goes, "This "here is the--" He says, "This is the Ripley Model 00 Salmon." 00 Salmon. "Trust this little baby, it should get you there in about an hour." Speaking of putting in front of you-- (yelling) Just like any good car, you have to turn it on. (car noises) There it goes. As you hit that button-- that's the music button. A compartment opens up out of the back trunk, and a swarm of bees flies out of the car. No, and more bees! Oh wait, what'd you push? Okay, and then (mechanical noises) it closes off. It'll stop eventually. I don't know. It's a kid's toy. "Well, we thought we would arm it with some weapons for you guys--" It's a swarm of bees! "It's got a few more surprises, so I'd be careful as you figure it out as you get on the road." "I trust you with anything, Grizz." "That's okay. It's a prototype." "Oh, I'm sorry, it's--" "I hope so, honeys. I think that's all I've got for you." "Well--" "I've got your tracking ID. All right, honeys. Go have a good mission. Any other questions before you go?" "Thank you, Midnight Maven." "I think you'll recognize her when you see her. She knows how to wield her sexuality. "She's been--" "Yeah, she's great." "All right, everybody. Remember, stay together. The High Bear Nation is behind you." All right. One more quick-- I'll do this as Bearsley. Quick rules dump, since I haven't done that. For those of you-- Yes. For those of you who are watching Honey Heist for the first time, here's how you play. All of these wonderful ladies have six points total. They are now starting with three points in criminal, and three points in their bear stat. Whenever they want to do something, I will decide if it's more of a criminal thing or more of a bear thing. They will roll a d6 and hopefully roll equal to or under their current stat. That would be a success. Above would be a failure. If a plan is going poorly, I might say that the bears are starting to get a little frustrated, and then they will have to move one point from criminal to bear. If things are going well with the heist, they might start getting a little cocky, a little greedy, and I might call for them to move a point from bear to criminal. You always want to stay in a nice, happy middle ground. If you get too far into criminal, and you get all six points there, you will go insane. You will betray the party. You will lose your mind, and bad things happen. If you get all six points in bear, you go feral. You lose your mind, and bad things start happening. If you are doing anything that is related to either your special bear skill, depending on the bear you are, or the job that you have, you get advantage, we'll call it. You get to roll 2d6 and pick the better result, probably the lower one, since you want things to be lower here. Yeah, it's kind of disadvantage, but it's a little backward, so yeah. One is like a nat 20, even though there's not nat 20s in this game. Oh wait! Oh my god! I almost forgot! He says, "Whoa, "wait! You don't want to leave-- I almost forgot-- without your Humanoid Attention Translocation "Supplies, a.k.a. your hats." DANI and Okay, roll a d8. It is a top hat. Would you like gray or green? Drew Bearymoore, roll for me. This is the classy brigade over here. You get the gray top hat. Maven, why don't you roll for me while they figure this out. Roll one more time because that's the only hat we do not have. You get to roll twice. Roll one more time. Okay, that we will take. You get the Indiana Jones hat. Oh my god, it's meant to be! Okay, you get a fez. Would you like the super Shriners-y one or the plain one? Grizz? You get the crown. You beat me to it! I was going to say you look like you're going to a Taylor Swift concert bachelorette party. Being the face, would you like a fez, a cowboy hat, or a bowler? Gray or green? Matches your outfit. Or, no, you're the Brains. I'm sorry. You look amazing. Okay. With that you are all suited up. You are ready to go. All right. You all have your supplies. You're heading to Stilben. You have your car. [engine revving] You all fit. It is perfectly fit for all six teammates, almost like it was built for it. As you turn on the car and slowly pull out, the garage doors open automatically, and you have nothing but open forest road ahead of you. It does. It is a giant air horn. This is all pretty much like a steam and coal powered car. It does. It very closely resembles the one that Tova has. The radius isn't too far on these, so you do get a little bit of the area in front of you. You know you need to head east. You know, being the driver, that this does have a little bit of a speed boost option on it. Hit that button. It goes into Turbo Mode. You jettison down the road. You see trees flying past you. You do know that if things get out of control, the red stop button is a parachute. This car has a few more tricks up its sleeve. I'll let you decide when you want to figure that out. Roll twice and take the lower for criminal. That is successful. So you know-- You tap into the system and you can see that there are rocket launchers somewhere onboard. You're not entirely sure which side of the car because you don't know cars very well. It's Grizz Leigh's thing. You also know that there is a whole other aquatic form that this car can take. There's a lot of code in there. It talks about a salmon-mobile form. You program a little bit more, being the badass hacker that you are, and you change the CD console to disperse some honey. You can. As a sun bear, you know. There are. You lift open the console and there is a whole bar set up. This is a very classy-- You can. There is enough and it's handy enough. They know that you all are bears on the go. These have little lids. They're little jars that you can fill. To-go cups. You each have an extra dose of honey on you. You now have two. After about an hour or so of travel with the Turbo Mode of the 00 Salmon-- The amazing country tunes of Grizz Leigh Bear keeping you entertained along the way. In the distance you see Stilben as you come around the hilly mountain road and-- where am I? Yeah. You're in Stilben. That's about it. It's a very swampy town. You went through these swampy lands as you got there. It is a bigger town, but I wouldn't call it necessarily well-to-do. It's humble. A lot of wooden cabins and it's very much a seaside swamp town. There is a stable. You can go to a stable or there's some flat lands on the outside of the town in the swampy area if you want to try it. You drive up on the stable and there's a few stable hands going in and out. They seem pretty distracted at the moment and you go around the back way and there is a... stall? That's what stables are called, right? There's a stall facing backwards to the property, so there's a wall between the building that they do business at is and-- Yeah, the farm-y office. Yeah. You're taking your penis car through the back. Okay, go ahead and-- yeah, you pop open the glove compartment. You see some daytime opera gloves, a user's manual for the car, and insurance papers. You, very slowly-- -- back into the stall. You said you guys wanted to try and conceal it. Go ahead and roll for bear. It's such a slippery car. You're not used to it. It's such a rounded shape the hay keeps sliding off of it. You're not necessarily frustrated yet. I would say. Roll for criminal. As the Brains, I'd say you can-- As the Brains I was going to say you roll with advantage. Yes! You start peeking into a few of the stalls next and you do see a big burlap canvas sheeting that they use to mat down the area and you rip it up. There's a few at the closer ones. I imagine two rows of stables. It looks like it's a very slow time. They've got maybe two horses right now in the stable? Not a lot. (whinnies) (snorts) They flick their tail. The horse turns and shows you its ass. Lifts its tail. How horses do that. Tova leads you all out you-- Okay. Roll for criminal? Hmm. Roll for-- I don't know. Yeah, roll for criminal to see if you notice anybody. Okay, you see a few kiosks running like a farmers stand in the distance. It is starting to become that sunset-y hour like around 500. It seems like people are starting to pack up. People are a little distracted heading home from work. DANI and Yeah. It sucks, man. Mm-hmm. Okay. (laughs) Go ahead and roll for criminal to see if you're making a convincing approach. Yes, you can. Then who wants to roll to try and scout the Sunset Stride? It's the driver, go ahead. Oh no. Okay! Ooh, okay! Right as Grizz Leigh is like, "I think I see a sign that says the Sunset "Stride," you hear a guard go, "Hey! Hey, is that--" "Are those raccoons? Oh shit, we got bears! I think we got bears!" He takes off running. Okay. You're a honey badger, so you have carnage. Roll twice, and roll for bear. As he's running, you miss completely and you fly past him and he goes, "Ah!!" He goes, "Aww, they've gotten in the trash again!" He starts going, "Get," kicking at you. She is currently acting as a distraction, and the rest of you guys-- You guys all sneak around-- Roll again for bear as you try to escape-- roll for criminal as you try to escape. Yeah. He goes, (cry of effort) and punts you. You go flying into the bushes. Unfortunately, this is a little frustrating, and you move a point from criminal into bear. The distraction did more or less work, and he has run off. You are now alone. It's a pretty slow night in the Sunset Stride. You see a few people at a two-seater in the corner, you see another group at a booth over here, a few people playing poker, and behind the bar is a woman named Miss Honey Penny. She's dressed like a typical barmaid, she's got shelf boob going on, she's trying to go for those tips. She's got a nice darker complexion with rich brunette hair that she has piled up in a big messy bun on the top of her head to get it out of her face. She looks over at you guys, has that look of awareness, and goes, "A round on the bar!" and starts pouring up shots. Everyone goes, "Woo?" Okay, you're going to go around towards the back? Cool. You slip out, you go around, you see a cellar stockroom and there is a little small, cramped back door entryway. Right as you go to open it, she comes over and cracks the door. "It has." She is human, but you know that she shares similar talents to you, depending on certain full moons and moisture in the air. "We've bonded in the past over her." "That's what we call it." "Come inside." She ushers you all inside. You're all sitting around cases of wine and there's a few standing kegs and wine barrels that you all prop yourself up on. "I'm assuming you "guys are in town because of the balootonium problem?" "Well, I mean, see things every night here in Stilben, but there has been one guy that's "been calling attention to everybody in town. He goes by the name of Crispin Glover?" (laughter) Very tall, very thin. He's got this greasy, slicked back black hair." "A little goofy, a little weird. He seems really convinced on letting people know he's "Crispin Glover. I think he thinks we're supposed to know who he is." "I think he's behind a lot of this. He seemed like just another whacko that stumbled in "the bar, and then one night after a few drinks, he started rambling about some pack of bears that was "harassing him." "He is a human. He is wearing--" "Not that I'm aware of. I mean, he wears this really weird black suit this black-on-black "suit all that time? It's like he's always in black suits." "He tends to be alone, although I've seen him look over his shoulder thinking that maybe "he's been followed. I honestly didn't think anything of it." "Similar dis-ease and discomfort." "They seemed to be driven crazy by his mysterious presence. Not because I think they find "him attractive, but because they want to know genuinely why he keeps telling them that he's "Crispin Glover." "Hmm, like very expensive cologne that I've never smelled before." It smells chemical-y. It's nothing I've really ever smelled before." "Hmm, if I knew what aerosols were I would think that there might be some of this in "that, yeah." "I think I have, but I have been unaware." "That is actually an interesting point that I never thought about before. He did have a "strange odor, but if he had balootonium on him at the time, I was unaware. But yeah, now that you "mention it, I'd say it's highly likely." "Yeah, he's been spending a lot of times at the docks. He has this strange looking boat? It "looks very high-tech; a lot of steam and copper-powered motors that I've never really seen. "He's been prepping it for the last few days. I don't know where he's going, but--" At the docks. "It is nearby. Honestly, I could probably stick my head out of this window and throw a penny "and hit it. You're pretty close." "I do have a lot of pennies, how did you know?" "Does she do this? What is it that she does?" "Not that I'm aware of. I don't know, he's been rambling about this pack of bears, so as "soon as I heard that, I thought it was potentially linked to the Bear Acuda. He might be an informant "of Hattori Bongo's, I'm not sure. That was my first thought he seems like he got caught up in "something that he didn't necessarily understand and now he's stuck in a crappy situation." "It's got coppery implements on it." "It's not a penis color, no, but it looks like it was a steel that they tried to paint, but "it didn't necessarily take. It seems like it's been on the water a little bit." "I don't know." "Thank you guys. Good luck." It's good asking; she does-- (excited exclamations) "You know I get it stocked." "Wait, is that the McFuzz's Famous Fudge?" "Man, I would love some." "It feels a little awkward." That's actually really good. (sighs) "If you get into trouble, you know where to find me." "Yeah, here." "Until the bar closes." Probably six o'clock by now. "There is. I'll let you out this back way, if you hang a right, follow the trash line, "it'll pop you right back out the back way, where the sewers go." "Got a few empty burlap sacks." "Mm-hmm." "Beggars do, I think." "Well, here. I was going to throw it away, anyway." Hmm-- huh? She handed you two, we'll say two sacks. Two leftover grain sacks. "From you? No!" "I don't think I do, I'm sorry." She throws her barmaid's wipey-thing. "You must be the hacker." "I used to do that a little bit, back in my days at the High Bear Nation. I miss it." "Good days, good days." Yeah, you'll do okay. You're fine. "Honestly, I feel like the more human you look in this town, the weirder you're going to "stand out. There's some weird people who come through here. Just act like a crazy homeless guy "and no one will pay any attention." "It was pretty good, actually." "No, you'll see a gutter. Follow the gutter full of shit." "Dumps right into the ocean." "That's why you make a damn good agent." "Cheers, honeys." "You know where to find me." Honey Penny lets you out. She leans, does a double-take, makes sure that the coast is clear, and lets you all slip out in the back alley. You do find a shit gutter where everyone is dumping from their buildings, sliding out. Yeah, very medieval, a lot of falling poo. It seems to do this downhill grade and pops out right behind the docks. There's probably about half a dozen boats right now. There's a couple that are up close. It looks like fishermen coming back, unloading their supplies. Yes, there are fish. There's a couple boats that look inactive, like they've been there for a little bit and no one's really used them. There's one boat that looks a little bit more well-to-do, like it's more of a socializing and luxury boat than a utility boat, and then you do see one other boat that has the copper detailing and pipes coming out the back of it. It's a little bit tinier; it's got a pointed front. It's different than a boat you've ever really seen before. The copper one is actually separated and off at the very end. There are. There's a lot of shipping containers scattered all along. The first crate you see, once again, a lot of grains, a lot of fruits. Looks like it was a general food supply that's been coming from-- not a lot of fruits that you recognize; a little bit more exotic, tropical fruits. The other one looks like it has a lot of a sulfuric-- you actually are familiar with this because you have seen it before, based on being in the High Bear Nation; it is gunpowder. Okay. Roll for bear. Oh wait, no, you're the thief! Sorry, roll for thief twice. Roll twice, take the lowest. For criminal, yes. You think you can break a weak point in the cross-braces, and you punch the shit out of this crate. You hear a little bit of a crack and the wood does not move, and your partners think-- They look a little distressed. You can try. Roll twice, take the lowest. Oh! The rest of you, you first see Clair do it, and then you see Drew-- seemingly trying to follow the person before her-- also punch and crack the shit out of your knuckles. Unfortunately, you're starting to get a little frustrated at this, so if each of you will move one point from criminal to bear. Pretty heavy. You don't see anybody inside, but you do see, through the boat, a complex steam engine contraption. It looks a little similar to what you have, and you also see one small, medium-sized crate, shoebox-sized crate, and a few other satchels. You don't see anybody yet, but at this point, when you are looking at the boat, Tova, your globear positioning system (slow beeping). As you look at it, you see a little red tracker that is moving across the screen and towards the docks, towards the boat that you are looking at. It does! Sure enough, as you type in Crispin Glover and it goes (fast beeping), you look through the crates, and you see a tall, thin man in a dark black suit pass through the crates. He's carrying another satchel and looking a little hasty. Through the gap in the crates. He's not moving physically through the crates. He is not incorporeal. He just passes by them. He has a little satchel and he looks harried, yes. He goes over to the boat, the steam-looking one, and he starts throwing stuff in. Okay. He doesn't seem to notice you. He's hunched over. He turns and he goes, "Who's there?" He rubs his eyes. It's getting a little dark. "Yeah? Are you here to help me?" He moves a little closer. Roll for face. He gets a little bit closer and goes, "Oh no! More bears!" He turns and he runs and he jumps in the speedboat. Okay. You do get a little frustrated at this. Move one point from criminal to bear. Yep. He jumps in the boat and is turning it on. Roll for bear as you chase after him. MARY, NOELLE, and Okay. He feels you grab by the collar and he doesn't care. He steps on the gas and he takes off. Roll for bear. Just one this time. Unfortunately, you go and you're right behind Tova and as you make a leap for it, the boat goes right out from under you. It's a lot faster than you anticipated and none of you have ever seen a boat this fast. Let's roll for bear. Bear to throw? I don't know. It goes a little bit wild. It doesn't land in the water, but it does hit the ground. Hopefully it's okay. You would know from hacking that the 00 Salmon has an auto-drive ability that will come to you when summoned. She would have to help you. You pull out the key fob. Sure enough. (bubbling) (motor revving) It pulls up into the water and it is in full salmon mode. It is in the water. It looks kind of like a fish, but also kind of like a car, but also kind of like a boat. But also still kind of like a penis. You actually already know the hot button for this. If you hit forward on that shift, you will get max speed. Okay. You guys all pile in. You see Tova and Crispin Glover probably about 500 feet ahead of you and they are getting away. He is driving this boat. You've got him in a chokehold and he's doing one of these maneuvers. He's swerving back and forth. It is actually causing him to veer off-path to give these guys time to catch up. Sure. Roll for your terrify ability. With advantage. Oh no! Unfortunately, you are getting a little frustrated that this situation is happening. You need to move a point into bear, away from criminal. Okay. You hit that green turbo button and (revving). The fish comes up, the front end of it out of the water, and it's skipping on the waves a little bit. You are gaining pretty close to Crispin Glover. I'd say you're probably only 20 feet behind him now. Okay, so you're readying. Give me a driver roll to see if you can get close enough for the Maven to jump on. You do it with advantage. You succeed. You see what the Maven is trying to do. You've pulled this cool train jump situation before. Grizz pulls around. You see how Crispin is bobbing and weaving and you time it just right. You pull up beside him right as he's pulling and you guys are boom, right next to each other. Roll for bear! Are you serious?! The Maven misses. You get the boat a little bit, and you fly off the back and you catch a rope. You are now flying off of the back of Crispin Glover's speedboat. Okay. Roll for bear. Bear? Do bears ski? (cheering) The Maven is successfully skiing. It was a good plan. You get to move a point from bear back into criminal. What are the rest of you all doing? Yes. Roll for hacker. Roll twice. Take the lowest. You have three? Is three what you have in your criminal points? You succeed. (revving) It takes off and you are now in front of Crispin Glover and he's having a hard time getting around you guys. You are successfully cutting him off. Roll for bear. You're a black bear. You're good at climbing, right? Roll twice. You succeeded. This is your specialty. You were an Olympic climber back in the day. You climb up on that rope and you are now on the back of the boat. You see Tova having him in a headlock. Okay. Roll for bear again. He hits a wave and you bounce and you get thrown into the back of the seat. Okay. You successfully do so. You already rolled really well on that. You start knocking him and turning him around a little bit. He's looking really freaked out. Roll twice because you have advantage being the muscle. She is rolling. Yes. Have you seen that Youtube video of the monkey that throws the raccoon and the raccoon does that? You take Clair, she flies. Clair, you smack right across Crispin Glover's face. Your belly is wrapped around his head. Roll for carnage. Two. Take the better option. Yes! You start clawing at his eyes. He's screaming bloody murder. You get his right eye and gouge it completely out. You can keep the eye. Yeah. About that time he recognizes that things are going poorly and he goes (groaning) and he hits a button on the dashboard. That's all. Now what? He's still fighting Clair after he pushed the button. It is. He has pretty much come to a complete stop. Okay. He is completely halted. He is completely stopped. There is a moment of silence. Luckily the boats are right next to each other and they are not moving, so you easily climb over into the boat. Okay. You try and hack into his speedboat. Roll for hacker. Take the lower one. Ooh! You successfully hack into his boat. This code looks really familiar. You've already seen this code once. You recognize it from the 00 Salmon. What you also recognize is that this car has a distress beacon on it. As you realize this, as you look at the globear positioning system you see (beeping) You see four little signals start coming your way. Okay. You find the shoebox. You try and open it. It is locked. Okay! You reach over into the console and you hit the button and boof, a swarm of bees erupts. You successfully come over. You've got the satchels, you've got the box, you're still around Crispin Glover's head. As you look up, and as you look up, and you're still distracted, but you still see as well, you see four other speedboats coming towards you, breaking the horizon. He goes, "Ah! No! Why?!" He starts freaking the fuck out. He's not having a good day. He's already stopped. He is in a swarm of bees with one eye, not knowing what's happening. You all pile into the Salmon. You take off. You bust forward deeper into the ocean. You see four speedboats coming right at you. You hit maximum speed trying to blow right past them. You all have guns and it does have a rocket launcher. If you hit forward on that black shift button, which you do, it goes (whooshing). From the front headlights, it flips open and two warheads come flying out. They hit two of the boats in the distance. They go flying. You see an explosion. Parts go flying everywhere. Oil slicks in the ocean. You see the two other boats veer away from this to try and avoid it. As you guys are now ahead of them, the two boats do a big 180 and are now on your tail as they are chasing you all. In the satchel is a bunch of random knick knacks that look like he's picked up trash off of the street. Yeah, just super weird. There is a folded note and another black suit. It's almost a bug-out bag. Okay. You know English a little bit. What you get-- Yes, you know how to put the food safety hazards and the ingredients on the sides of boxes. From that knowledge, what you glean, this letter looks like scrawlings from a madman. Looks like there were coordinates and algorithms and equations that look like he was trying to figure something out. As you turn a page, you see a diary entry, and it talked about him being an interdimensional being. (gasping) Then he says, "This happens to me all the time. I get sucked into weird realms, and people "keep saying I'm an actor, and no one wants to listen to me when I say I'm stuck in a creative "landscape! They think I'm some sort of weird creative genius. I'm not with any side. I just "want to get out of this fantasy realm. Get me out! I'm just trying to avoid the bears!" It goes on, and it talked about more ramblings about how he's being stalked by bears. Then he says he can't believe that there would be such a dextrous group of bears, known as the High Bear Nation. And that they promised him some balootonium and said that, if properly used, it could get him back to his home realm. He is-- There is balootonium in the shoebox. You are still heading deep into the ocean, and there are still boats as you guys are all having this sudden crisis of morality and realization. You can see, as you look-- You can't see much features, but they do appear to be two bear-type individuals in very nice black suits. (beeping) You've already seen this. A pod, a clear glass bubble, comes up over top of your convertible top. (submersion sounds) You go underwater. A little thing pops up on the console and says, "Five minutes of oxygen remaining." Five minutes of oxygen. Not too deep. If you look up, you can still see a little bit of daylight. Make a criminal check as you look around. There was a beach. Drew, you press your polar bear face against, and being a polar bear, you are very adept at seeing underwater. As Grizz is turning around, and you look out the front, towards the direction you guys were actually heading, you see some scaffolding poles, like a structure, is actually not too far ahead of you all. Grizz, you turn, and slowly start-- you're not trying to disturb the water and let your presence known. As you get closer, you do see-- --these support beams start making themselves a little bit more clear, and as you get closer, beep-beep, beep-beep! The GPS system has more little tracking dots pop up, and it looks like it's coming from this structure. Very slowly start to ascend. As you get closer, you let the little bubble crest a little bit, but you're not coming all the way up. As you look up, you all see, cresting the waterline, the top of this building. It is a giant industrial complex. It is an offshore military base and weapons laboratory, and at the top, you see a big sign marking the entire building that simply says, Ripley. It doesn't, but that is something we should totally submit to the High Bear Nation to have implemented. And that is where we're going to take a break. You pop it open a little bit, and you get air. Yeah, you're fine. You're fine. You don't die. We're back, and you all suffocated! Thank you guys for joining us! All right, as always, we are going to take a quick ten-minute break. We bears will bear all when we... return. I didn't have anything left. That's all I got. All right. We will be right back. [break] You can go under. It's a full on off-shore compound. If you go underneath, there's a little bit of room that you can pull right under, and you'd be underneath the compound. (revving) Flashback! (warbling) You feel the scent of the alcohol burning your nostrils. Cold sweat of the glass. Glass was slippery, speaking of the sweat on the glass. Reminiscing on these wonderful thoughts, you calm your minds. You're reminded of the mission that you're on, its importance, and that it doesn't matter who sent you on this mission. It is what you do during the mission that defines the mission. Thank you. You can all choose, if you would like, to move a point from bear into criminal because of that flashback. You're missing a point. You're underneath, and you can see it's on stilts above the ocean, and you look up and it's pretty much industrial, riveted steel flooring that you see. Looks pretty practical. You do see a hatch, not far, that appears to be locked. (beeping) You can't really tell. It's this cluster right over top of you. You type in Clair McFuzz and it goes (beeping) and points over at her. Pretty much in the same place, but it singles out one of the blips. You can try, yeah. (beeping) It is in the cluster, a little bit away and in a corner. You see two water portways that are a little bit open. It looks like the floor can basically move and be sectioned out and make space for boats to come in and park. You see a ton of crates, looks like general stock and supply. You see one guard. One bear in a suit. Standing near the edge of the wall, a door that he is guarding. You scutter up, and you use the half-dome that's still there from when it's in salmon submarine mode, right on your tippy-toes, and you start trying to pick to lock. Roll twice. Roll for criminal. While they're bickering and they're going back and forth, you quietly get up there with your comb and your fork that you found and a hatch opens up. Clair, you feel pretty good about that, so you get to move a point from bear to criminal. You all scutter up the side of this hatch door. You have a few shipping crates and containers that are blocking your way. You all stealthily crawl up, peak around the corner. You see a guard maybe ten feet, facing away from you. He is a bear in a suit. You guys are peaking around the corner. He's facing sideways. Yeah, definitely. It's the bloop, bloop, bloop, bloop. Little Clair on top. You're a sleek black bear, and you've just come up from a beachy speedboat mission. Your fur is a little glisteny, dripping. You've got your hat, which spills a little water as you peek around the corner. He turns and goes, "Uh..." Wipes his cheek. "You must be one of our foreign transfers." "You new here to the Ripley Outpost with the High Bear Nation?" "What's your name?" "Sorry, I'm not good with foreign languages; I'm just going to butcher it. You "forgive me if I-- can I call you B?" "Well, I'm Grylls, Bear Grylls." "Put a bag over my head?" "Oh." "Do you want to just kiss me without the bag?" "Okay." Roll for face. Twice, because you have advantage for this one. (cheering) He's starting to lean forward and he goes, "Do you-- should I--?" Right as he's doing this, boof! Roll twice for muscle. (cheering) You could absolutely try to do that. You all need to take a point in criminal, because that was going quite well for you. From bear to criminal. Sorry, these two ladies Drew and the Midnight Maven. Grizz, you look over and you do find an empty crate that looks like, with assistance, you could push the lid off and throw this guy in. Together it's pretty easy. Falls right over. (gurgling) You go over to the door. Simple, steel door, but it does have a latch lock with a little mechanical, techy, maybe enchanted key lock. You see a long hallway that stretches down, it looks like two stairs descending on either side, and it looks like another room adjacent to this doorway. You see a couple of bears on the other side in the room that is adjacent to this one. You don't see anyone in the hallway. They are bears in suits, you see two of them. It looks like there is some sort of paw print indentation. It looks like there's also a latch that opens up and that you can enter a code if you-- Well, this has a thing and you code, if you can't do this you can override it with a code. If that makes sense. You know, those latchy things. Right, so you can-- You know what, amazingly, you hold the eyeball in front of the scanner. One side-- it looks like it's trying. It looks like he did have clearance, but he was not cleared for a single eye entry, he needs both eyes. Okay. I'm into it. Roll twice, take the lowest. Natural one. Sure enough, like magic-- tick, kaboof! The reverberations hum in the indentations of the paw print. That was a successful plan, you get to move a point from bear to criminal. You peek around the door, three heads on one side, three on the other, looking down hallways, and you see those stairways that Clair saw through the glasses and another door directly across the way. This one does not appear to be locked, but you do know that there two guards on the other side. You see that he is in a corner, but appears behind you. You can't necessarily tell, since the GPS is a birds-eye view, what level he is on, but he does not appear to be in the room in front of you. You can. Roll for brains. Yeah, absolutely. Just peeking up and around the staircase to your right, you can see that it looks like it's a dead end. There is another room this side and this side, but there doesn't appear to be a hallway that goes further. When you peek around the stairs to the left, it keeps going and loops around. Okay. You head up the stairs and you go around the corner. As you head up, there is a glass door with glass windowing that looks like it opens up into a very large laboratory room. There does appear to be a locked vault door directly to your left, like a locked storage room or a locked-- you know how banks will have a locked information type of situ-- yeah-- off to the side. One glass door with glass windows and you can see-- There does not appear to be anybody inside. When you look at your globear positioning system, you do see one flashing beacon from deep inside. He looks to be in the big laboratory room. It's dark. You can see it looks like half the lights are on towards the front of the room, but the room goes pretty far back and falls in shadow and you can't see past it. You only see one beacon in the room, yes. You assume so. There is a door to get into the lab. Like, once again, those clear glass hospital doors, almost. It has a simple lock on it. Similar to what you guys have already discovered since you've already hacked the one downstairs you already know the code to get into this one, so this one has already been unlocked. Yeah, you're going to peek through the glass? Roll for criminal. Just once. Your bear breath is fogging-- you're like, "Guys, I think they have a fogging system!" You don't know. You can. Roll for bear. You do catch faint wafts of this highly radioactive honey compound that's a little sweet, but a little-- It burns your nostrils. You can just tell it's coming from the lab. Technically a condensed, crystallized form of honey that's highly explosive. Yes, you also confirm that you can sense a strong amount of balootonium coming from the laboratory. You see documents. High priority files. A few more weapons. You see sitting on one of the shelves, something that looks useful. Yes. It's a little less awkward than the first time, yeah. The leader has spoken. Clair, you walk up to the vault. You see an old-fashioned combination lock in front of you. You roll two dice. Yeah. Okay! It takes a little bit, but you put your ear up to it. Your keen honey badger hearing hears the clicks and the tumblers as you turn it over. (click) It is unlocked. You go to turn the wheel-- you're too weak. This is the vault. Roll for muscle. (door opening) Your polar bear biceps turn it with ease and then you push, but it still might be a team effort. You all (grunting). All your little bear paws skitter against the steel floor, but it opens. (sighing) All right. Tova, you immediately go and you find-- Grizz Leigh, you see a small crate, got padding in it. It's got three little egg-shaped pods in it. Bearah, your sun bear keen honey-scent spotting nose looks down and finds a small vial filled with honey, although it is a dark blackish, purplish, ichor-like color. None of you are quite sure what it does. Mm-hmm. Okay. Roll for criminal. Also, all who participated-- which was, I guess, you two-- in cracking the vault. I was going to say move a point from bear to criminal. You move a point back. Yes. Sorry, was going to say that earlier and then things got going. So yeah. If anyone wants to eat honey and move a point from criminal to bear, you can. Okay. Unfortunately, you don't really know what you're looking at. You pass it over to Tova. Tova, roll for brains with advantage. You definitely succeed. You look and you see blueprints, inventory, receipts, correspondence back and forth. They all seem to be building some sort of weapon, like a warhead. Like a bomb and there have been a few iterations of it. They're testing it out. You also see blueprints for the 00 Salmon. As well as blueprints for Crispin Glover's boat. As well as guns, a few other things. There are a few sign off signatures that look like someone needed to give approval for some of these shipments, and they all seem to be under Bearsley. Nothing coming up for Paddington. Nothing coming up for Ripley. Same place as Bearsley! You're all totally armed. You exit the vault, you peek around the little pocket hallway that it's in, and there right before you, to your left, is the door to the laboratory. It is already unlocked because you already hacked the system. You all can go right in. You all push on the door. (intones "Battle Without Honor or Humanity") You flip your hair. You have a nice flying-V formation. Grizz, Tova-- The Midnight Maven, Clair McFuzz, Drew Bearymoore and Bearah Pawcett. You see before you a vast open room. Few consoles on the side walls, flashing lights, LEDs creating a dimly lit glow in a stark interior. Alone in the center of the room, you see a platform suspended from the ceiling by thick industrial cables. On this platform, you see a semi-translucent cylindrical device emanating a faint glow of its own, with a mess of wiring protruding from its center. As you peek a little closer, your eyes adjust to the darkness, you see, through its translucent body, pulsating marbles of sheer energy. This is a metric fuck ton of balootonium, and it is rigged to blow. You see a little screen, but it appears to be dark. You see a small light, just blue, nothing much to it at the moment. Take a moment. You look down, your globear positioning system is the only sound in the room. The (beeping). Emerging from the shadows, once again, is Bearsley. But this time, he is in a giant mech suit. With a strap across it. Engraved in steel lettering, says the Ripley P5000. He says-- That's a lot of pee. He says, "Hello, honeys. Surprised to see me?" "Yeah, you know. I thought you guys might figure it out." "No. I just wanted you all to realize how much I do around here and how underappreciated I "have been for years." "I thought you guys would be more intimidated by this. All right. Look, I have been "a puppet for Paddington for years. I'm basically his glorified assistant. I'm the brains of the "entire operation, and what do I get? It's just, 'Hello Bearsley. Hi Bearsley. See you later, 'Bearsley, while we go on an amazing adventure.' It should be me running this organization." "I did." "It's all under Paddington, and he will never appreciate me. That's why I started "developing the balootonium using the laboratory funds and dispersing it across the entire continent." "I want you all to come and work for me." "I want the organization, not under Paddington. It belongs to me!" "Yeah, a couple times." "I can't tell you that." "I'm sorry, I'm under a contract, and I deeply respect contracts." "It's the only thing that I really hold of value." "Look, you guys don't know what it's been like, okay? And I know the source to all the "balootonium and how much balootonium is out there." "You know, this felt like every other bad guy situation in every other story, so I thought "it would hold different." "Well..." "You're all confusing me! This is what I'm talking about!" He goes (boop) and hits a button. He hits another button on his mech suit and he goes, "Figure this out and then we'll see "who's the smartest, honeys!" He jet packs through a trapdoor in the roof and then-- Since you have a hacker in your group, I will allow you one re-spin. So you have to pull 12-- If more than three marbles fall, a 60 second timer starts. Six. You're halfway there. You're good. Four more. Which one, Grizz Leigh? Nice. Green. I think two more? (counting) Eleven, twelve! (powering down) It completely turns off. I can't believe that that actually-- Matt and I play-tested that ten times and it never went that well. You, with a combined team-- Thank you. With a combined team effort, you all manage to successfully defuse the bomb. I will allow you, if you want to move a point from bear to criminal, you can, but you do not have to. Because I remember so well. It was pretty good. It was pretty fucking amazing, I'm not going to lie. He went through the roof in a jetpack power suit. You guys do look up and the trap door is still open. Maven, with your climb ability, you can see a pole that goes about halfway, and you could get a detachable ladder to drop about halfway down, to climb up to the roof if you would like. You get advantage for your bear stat. Absolutely. You, with no problem, do that bear climb, like up a tree. Just like this. You manage to hold on, and you reach over, flip open a latch. There is a ladder to the roof. You guys all ascend up, and you see that you are in the middle of the ocean, pretty much in the middle of nowhere. You can barely see land. It goes vroom, and you look over the edge and you can look down and you do see that it is right below you, but it does not fly. Three stories. As you say that, he flies up in his jet pack that he's trying to control. Okay, so you all aim your guns. All three of you, including-- you've got a gun too, you've got your grenades going. Maven, you put your rifle on the edge of Grizz Leigh's shoulder and use it for balance, and you're going to blow that gun using that one last shot. See what you can do. He's kind of (zooming), so roll for criminal. It goes wide, the gun explodes. It burns the edge of your hand as it backfires. A little fur singes on all of you. The shot goes wide and unfortunately misses. He goes, (manic laughing). About this time, jetpacks don't hold a lot of fuel. Really, only like 30 seconds' worth, and he did not gauge this well. He duck flails on the edge. You can. Bees? The bees fly up. They are swarming in a planned hive mind type of formation. You want them to go after Bearsley? He is completely surrounded by bees. He starts screaming, "Oh, why did I install that "feature? I was being funny!" You're on the roof. The car's below you. He's on the roof in front of you all in his power suit like a turtle, a little stuck. It's instantaneous. Yes. Yes. It's a magic grenade. It's unpacked. He's currently being stung repeatedly by a swarm of bees. Yes, he's in front of you guys. "Oh god, it hurts so bad! Oh god, why? Make it stop, please!" Sure. The bees eventually disperse. He, in his mech suit, sits up. Grizz Leigh, as the driver, you do recognize a lot of this mechanical contraption, and if you want to try and get him out, you can probably do that pretty easily. "Okay." Okay. Each one of you, one takes an arm, one takes the other arm. Half of you takes the legs. He's completely restrained. "Okay, I'm cooperating." He definitely has some pretty dangerous things attached to this, some more of those homing missiles that you guys had on the 00 Salmon, but nothing that seems like it will explode when you take it off. Sure, yes. He is still locked in, though, so you'll need to get him out of that. Nice, yes. Yes, with that Allen wrench, you know this equipment pretty well. You easily get him out, yes. "You know, I'm really sorry, girls. I thought--" "I'm really sorry, very respectable agents. You're right, I was wrong and I thought that I had to do something extravagant and cruel to garnish your respect and your attention." "I hope you know that my actions today don't change the way I feel about you, Grizz." "You're right, I definitely tried to kill you. Yeah, I convinced myself." "Yeah, you're right." "No, I'm not saying I'm innocent at all. I lost it a little bit. You see, ladies, I've been "at the High Bear Nation for ten years." That's the second time. Slippy system. "I guess I always felt like I'd always be a number two." "Yeah." He, "Honestly, I didn't expect, I didn't foresee a man's murder. That actually--" He's probably dead, yeah. "He did keep saying he was an interdimensional being. I just thought he was a "crazy homeless guy." "You guys don't-- okay." You put another sack over him, halfway down. He's a tiny bear man, gets a little-- "Okay." "I'm sorry, okay." You guys take him, your proof, your treasure, everything. You've got the documents. You all get back in the 00 Salmon. You head back to Stilben, drive across land back to the headquarters of the High Bear Nation in Shadowbear-- Shadebarrow. It's a real place. Too many puns. Shadowbear is their borough in Shadebarrow. You report back. Paddington hears of your deeds. You get pulled in. "Well, thank you, honeys!" "Hello, honeys! I am saddened to hear of this treachery from Bearsley." "Never thought it could come from one of our own at the High Bear Nation." "Absolutely." "Who? Oh, you mean that wonderful woman that we've been making a trade deal with? I feel "like that relationship has gone quite well. How did you like your Ripley 00 Salmon?" "Notes on color, got it. Anyway, I appreciate you all coming to aid for the High Bear "Nation. I believe Bearsley should take a little bit of a leave of absence on my account. "Therefore, I shall need a new number two, Tova." (cheering) "If you would like the position, I would love to meet with you face to face." 30 more seconds down! Wrap up the epilogue quicker! "Your revelry will blow us all up. Please don't. Anyway, you all have been granted raises "and higher status at the High Bear Nation, titles of which I did not make up, but will come up with later." "Who are you?" "Who's that talking? Is she authorized?" You simply see wires and speakers. "Tova, I will be in contact for our face to face meeting. In the meantime, thank you, "honeys. It has been a pleasure." As Tova and Grizz Leigh have their conversation about (singing) being the best you can be, B plus, that is the end of tonight's episode of Honey Heist 3 Tova's Honeys and the adventures of the agents of the High Bear Nation. Thank you. (nostalgic screaming) Wasn't that a great game? KerPlunk! KerPlunk! When I was trying to remember what this was called, I was like, "marble stick "ball drop game" into Google, and it was like, "Oh, KerPlunk!" No, that is the opposite. Basically, there were six red ones, eight yellow ones, and ten green ones. The red ones were the base, but in a fucked up way, by pulling them all up front-- If you pulled from the top bottom, then the red ones would have been basically the last remaining. I spent way too long putting the red ones very strategically. It was fascinating hearing the, "Are they the most important or the least important? I don't know." Bears with sticks. You're elite agents. No, you guys actually stayed pretty balanced. Oh, go full bear? I was deeply interested how that was going to go. It's kind of amazing. "You could have just talked to us." I was like, "Bad guy archetype, complaining about power, "being second in charge." Like, "No, that's good. That's good." Well, goodnight, everybody. Thank you all for joining me, and maybe next time on the prequel. I don't know, I'm making this up as I go. Don't quote me on this, but we'll see you next time.