Where am I? What's going on? Oh my god, Ashley's here! Oh my god, you're here! Okay, sorry. You were recapping. Do we have proof? What do we have? Physical? Do we have someone who could back up our testimony? Well, they're not going to come with us, are they? Should we bring someone along to corroborate our stories? Do we? How much money do we have? That's our evidence? All right, paper trail. Yeah, that seems like a really expensive rug. All right, forget it. Let's just go. On our horses that we own. Do we own horses? Let's go buy some horses. Is there a faster way? All of us? What happens if we don't? And where does it take us? Sounds crazy. Can we always use this? So wait, you can zap us anywhere in the world? What's going on with the spinning black cube? Are we okay? What happened in 2015? The whole way through. Start from the beginning. It'll be fine. Before we go, can I shit-scry? I'm going to concentrate really hard on my bowels. See if I can see anything. Fiber. No movement yet. It's a gift to the world, really. Oh, and she doesn't look like she's bleeding from the eyes? How do we do this, Keyleth? And more importantly, how do we do it so that the bear doesn't come with us? What are you doing here? Are we on the top floor, or down where the-- Okay. Pike, stay here. I'll take care of this. I was born sure. I go forth to investigate. Stealth? 18. I'm going in there to investigate. You know what? I'll go invisible first, and then I'll creep in. I drop my invisibility and go over and give Tibsy a big hug. It's me! It's me! Little, yellow, different! Me! I'm sorry, I just, it's been so long and we've been through so much without you. I was overcome, I'm sorry. Friends, it's all right! Pike, I cleared the danger! Are you from Draconia? Speaking as a man who has also had a romantic interest in ladies before-- are there any romantic messages you'd like me to pass on for you to anyone in this town? Or others. Shit. Well, shit. Grog. Come on. Maybe we should check his room just in case. He's got to come with us to testify. I've got it, I've got it somewhere. Earthbreaker Groon. Arbiter Brom. Ben Klauss. Huevos rancheros. (laughter) What is this world? How does time work here? It's always Thursday. What's that for? Who? LAURA and How is his hand doing? I mean, is it okay, there's no gangrene? Of age. Oh, Pike! Everyone stand back, my lady's going to do something. Well, after his testimony, should it prove to be valuable. We should solve all of our problems with letters from now on. How about after the testimony? He hasn't fulfilled his duty. Has he stabilized, is he stable? Can I inspire her healing? All right. I'm going to inspire her with a limerick. There once was a gnome from Emon, who sang a scandalous song, the ladies would swoon, at his rather large tune, and say "My, it's impossibly long." (laughter) This guy's gonna get a brand-new hand! He's got shaka hand. Nicely done, Pike! Wow. Oh yes, we're looking out for his better interests. Should we go in to meet our jury? Well, let's look at it first. I have some papers. What do you mean, you don't want to walk up to the palace? By what? Triumvirate? Council? Excuse me, Sovereign Uriel, perhaps I'm speaking out of turn here, and I haven't consulted with my fellows here, but you did mention that you've been mind-controlled twice now, and as council members, this doesn't sit well, and-- Well, what are we to do? The security that you have in place clearly hasn't worked. Is there a role that we can serve to ensure that you will be further protected? She's spit-balling here, it doesn't have to be that. Evidence? Documents for the archives. We did collect quite a bit of paperwork, and documentation that would fill in any of the gaps in the history of Whitestone, and-- Of course, we gathered this from the palace in Whitestone. Did you just say that there's a fort somewhere? But any connection to this traitor may-- it may be dangerous for him to be in command up there. This whole place could be a risk. Well we should bring him out just to, just 'cause-- Otherwise he just sat around for nothing. Stone. Before we give Desmond his appointment as a royal messenger, which I guess he is, would the kingdom-- he risked much to keep himself alive and possibly to testify on our behalf-- would the kingdom be willing to give him a quick little reward for his time spent in captivity? Not great. 24. That's more than what we would've done by far! Don't faint! Oh! Oh oh! The first whisper of 2016! "I'm a fraud!" Is there anything else we need or require? Do you have any intelligence that he's still within the city walls, or? Could be anywhere. All right, so we're free. You're not, don't say that about yourself. You're not. You're thinking that he's hiding in our keep somewhere? Wait a second, so we're gonna go check out his room to see if we can find clues, but also, who would know? Is there anyone that we know who would know-- would Gilmore know where this guy has gone? Because he knows everything about everyone. Isn't that the same thing? Take five. And I'm going to look for secret compartments in the wall. 19 for me. I'll do an arcane check. Grog is an expert on all things. I'm very well-travelled and very old. His instincts are just right there. Do I know what kind of magic or what kind of magic wielder would have been able to protect this room or design this protection? And did we find anything else, any hidden compartments or anything? Okay, bye, Keyleth. I think she has to drop a D. With that expression-- He's being interrogated right now? Yeah, yeah, let's go do that. I do. Jeffrey, is it? Jeffrey-- He doesn't want to use the sword. He doesn't like to use the sword. It's a lot to clean, there's brains on it. He likes to keep it nice and tidy in here. This isn't even our palace. Don't make him use the sword. Just answer the questions. It's totally fine, all right? It's going to be fine. Do you want some water? Pipe to smoke or anything? Just anything to relax you, make you feel better. All right. I will insight check him. That bitch. That did not go well. Uh-oh, sorry, Jeffrey. He's not gonna like using that sword, but it looks like it's coming. The sword is moving a little, isn't it? Oh boy, this is gonna be a hard night for me, I'm gonna have to talk him down from this, he gets so worked up-- Jeffrey, please, you're just gonna make more work for me if you-- if he has to behead you right now, please. Jeffrey, Jeffrey, did your boss get any letters that he stowed away anywhere, did he have a safe-keeping place, a secret residence somewhere in the city walls-- Did he ever regularly travel to anywhere in the walls of the city? Where specifically? The tavern's name? This is our sergeant. Yes, yes, you have been quite helpful... Give us the name of that girl so we can send our condolences to her? Jeffrey, is there anything else that might help us in our search for your former employer? Grog, what do you think? Grog, what do you think? Should we let him live? Have a good day! And remember, shop at Gilmore's Glorious Goods! (laughter) Yes, we should. Maybe get a drink there? Oh, shit. I mean, I'm not there. How and when will I die? Keyleth! Keyleth, we found a lot of information by scaring an innocent boy. We need to go to the Graveyard District for some reason. Shit. You are amazing. Amazing. Aren't they all? We're heading. Where's Pike? Where did Pike go? My troupe. It's my troupe. It's my troupe! Of course I want to go say hi, but I don't want to distract us from our mission. I haven't seen them for a while. I don't know how they'll react to seeing me. Mind if I jump in? Feast your eyes, feast your ears, on quite a traveling troupe of musicians, and one humble gnome who is so lucky and humbled to join them. Please, keep the tips flowing for us, and your waitresses! Let's play our old standard. And a oney and a twoey and a oney and a twoey. I'm gonna pull out the flute, the flute, I'm gonna play the flute for a while. 'Cause I don't wanna, the singer sounds good, I don't wanna rain on her parade. I've never done one of these before. Something tells me it might not go well. 22. (flute noises) Jesus. (laughter) Can me and the other flutist end with an impossibly long held note? 33. Yes it has, sir, yes it has. I'm a little rusty, but I trust you'll keep me honest through this. Absolutely. I'll be back in a while, fellows. Oh yes, these are my traveling companions and-- Oh, I've done quite well, thanks to your tutelage. They can join us? Kaylie, that was some fine playing. I might have a tip or two about breath control. Well, I've learned quite a thing or two in my years and, it might interest you to take a little private tutoring session sometime. My legend is spread far and wide, I'm sure. You may change your "tune." (noncommittal groans) It's lovely to meet you anyway. Yeah. Yeah that, we're close, we're tight, she and I and-- she's come back for more. MATT "A holy woman?" She's got holes in all the right places. (groaning) "It was nice. What have you fellows been doing for these years?" Oh, well, thank you, but I can't possibly accept this. You deserve it. It's your gig, you booked it. I'm just playing here for the night. Still up to the old tricks, I see, Doctor. I like this girl. We call ourselves Vox Machina. They're powerful warriors, killers, assassins, magic wielders. Not quite as ornery as a bunch as musicians, but still pretty amazing people. We've had quite a few adventures the past few years. He might not believe you or really anything about me. But there's one fewer now. Please, Vex, a little respect, he's a physician. (laughter) A tip about a dickhead. You mean steal from him? What kind of a dickhead is he? If we were to pursue it, what would your take be? And this is a vast sum of money we might find? Well, I'm not quite an outsider. Yes, them. Well, we could investigate, if you give us an address or description. Pike, thank you for being my wingman back there. I told you-- Keyleth, this is an old friend of mine, who I trust very much. He saved me when I was troubled and taught me much about the ways of performing and charming. He has my full trust. I'll take that as a compliment. What house is this? I don't speak Latin. Well, they can't play as well as you, but they're pretty good. Do you guys want us to create some sort of distraction while you go search the place? For us? Because we know he's downstairs. I can help them create one. Well good to know, but we're still going. I think you guys should go. Right away. I'll follow close behind. I walk over to Kaylie. And I say my dear Kaylie, I'm sorry if we got off on a weird foot. I have that effect on people sometimes, especially-- (chuckles) Especially lovely-to-look-at young ladies. Well, you know what they say. Wait, no. Don't. Don't, no. Don't. That's not what-- Anyway. (clears throat) I was impressed with you up there. Your skills with the flute are remarkable. I was wondering if I could have a little fun tonight and challenge you to a flute-off! We go up on stage, we ask the audience for suggestions, and we see who can last the longest and blow the hardest. (laughter) No, don't worry. (laughter) No, we're going-- Oh, are we waiting until sundown? Is that what's happening? Ladies and gentlemen! Boys and girls! The first ever flaute-off? Flutist-off? Flute duel! Featuring me! Scanlan Shorthalt! And you, Kaylie...? Kaylie's Fine, everyone! (laughter) All eyes up here! It'll be a great show! After they go, I call back to the kitchen and I say to choose the first song will be the lovely gentlemen who have prepared our food for the evening! Please come out here and choose a song for us! Just pick us a song, any song! Everyone, give a round of applause to your cooks for the evening! Sure. Oh, yeah, she's-- Weird place to put popcorn. Ah! It's a ballad, but okay. Sure. (laughter) I did already! I did already! Yes! They're the ones who are suggesting the song! Good thought! I had the same one! A bear!? Nine?! (yelling) Yes, it's bad! (laughter) You would think. Am I rolling for performance? 28. I perform very well. (singing) Too many cooks! MARISHA and You've got this on your machine? (banjo playing) Is there a good part? Come on, Dr. Dra! Everybody give it up for Zed on drums! 24! I can't be one-upped. I use Minor Illusion to create sort of a mirror image of myself, over myself, also playing the flute. (laughter) With advantage? Not as good, 22. It was a ballad! She chose a ballad! Just play the scene from Anchorman. 22. And lasers in the background? 27. Blowing at each other. It's a 22, but I'm going to let her win. With a wink, I end my note. Ladies and gentlemen, Kaylie's Fine! Ladies and gentlemen. I tip my hat to her and say, yes ma'am. It seems that tonight, you are. All right, I kick her 100 gold. Is she going to inspect it? I mean, that was a figure of speech, right? A deal is a deal. I untie the purse and I hand it over. 2,600. Thank you, my dear. I get around a lot. Money means nothing to me. Yes, of course! Oh, wait. Oh yes, I still have to sneak back there, don't I? I just go invisible. I'm probably in the back since I was the last to move. Oh, is that me? Grog, toss me forward. (laughs) Oh, acrobatics, 12. Thanks Grog, thanks. (huffs) What are we looking at? You-- me? Yes, just do my thing? Okay. Yes, yes, sir. It sounds like the Abyssal ones are the ones that you have to do. Yeah, but those say 'enter'. I fucking hate goblins, that doesn't mean I know their language. Shit. Don't do that lock. The B-slot we don't know. Why don't you just check the two that are unknown to us, that are negative? You're making this shit up. Go for the middle. What the fuck is wrong with you? The ones that say no are trapped! How is this hard to understand?! What are you doing? Why would you do that? Do the ones that aren't trapped first. What are you doing? I won't be burned because you're not gonna mess with the traps! Just do the ones that aren't trapped! All right. I'm gonna quickly inspire him. I'm gonna read him a limerick. I knew a goliath in Whitestone Who lived in a very, very fine home 'Til one day a wizard, or maybe a large lizard Burned it and left him alone. You did the top already. Don't disparage her, she's wonderful and beautiful. We're not sneaking, then? 'Cause if we did sneak, we could-- Don't you have Fly or something? All she'd have to do is fly just off the- All right. All right, so we're talking our way out of it? I've been promoted since then. I'm now a supervisor of-- it was a ruse. I apologise for it. He's a member of the Clasp. He gained entry the way that you do. Not the kind of reward he's already offering you. We come bearing an offering from Sovereign Uriel himself in exchange for this man. I reach into my bag and I produce-- The very elegantly carved box I had made that contains the magical blue shard that we discovered many, many years ago, and I open it just for a moment and close it and say, this is the Shard of Kara. It is a magical item that can grant the user one wish, any wish. I did. But it's clear that this man knows who we are and why we've come. As a last resort we are cleared to offer this to you in exchange for your prisoner, or is he-- are you holding him as a prisoner or--? Deception or persuasion? 32. It is activated by a secret chant that we will only tell you once we are safe and the prisoner-- or keep-- I don't know. Are you keeping him as a prisoner or-- All right, as soon as we get the man, you get the chant. Where is he? Where is he? All right, here. You can inspect it, scan it for magic if you'd like. Is this deception, what is this? It's a blue shard that we found in-- long, long ago-- it's real crystal and it's real magic. Because I don't. Okay. I don't know what it is, but it's magic. Hope we don't have to leave that way, but she can just dispel it. All right, I'll take the other door. Why don't you go in and kill some shit? Just in case, eh? 14. You were using your deep voice, so you could-- You could get advantage. Don't you have some sort of intimidate thing? Superiority. I can't see him yet or I can? And I saw Keyleth cast that spell, yeah? I run up a little closer to be in visual range, yeah? And I will do the same fucking thing. And I'll cast Hold Person on him as well, with my Hand Cone of Clarity. He has two?! 19. Damn. I will, with my bonus, can I talk to him? I will say hey man! Just give up already. Come on! Come on! That's my intimidation. 21. He can't move. Get more flies with honey. He's held. And also, we probably can't tell if he's giving up because he probably can't talk. Oh, it's like football drills? Running into a-- What are those things called? You mean use him like Weekend at Bernie's? You did great! Cast Speak with Animals. We want to hear what he has to say, I think, at this point. Me? Jesus. Hey! Hey, dude! Come on! Can you give up, please? Can you please give up? I'm just going to intimidate him again. Ah, that was a dead roll. That was the same roll, but not wonky. This is intimidate? 22. Okay. I don't know. Is that my action? I can't do anything, I'm behind all those fucking people. Well, if we're fighting then, I can't do much. I will just-- I will blind him this time. Can I do that? I'll blind him at a level three. Blind. I know, I just don't have any level two slots. That's 19, so he saves. Oh wait, I can blind one other person? Nah, no, I won't. Not no more he don't. That might explode. Is this gun called Little Sparky? Yeah, Little Sparky. Oh, what about the room he was in? What do you mean no? What if he had-- he had stuff to travel with. I'm going to go in and do it too. 20. I'll hang on to that. I need it. I have had the most money of all of us. I'm back to normal. I found it. No you didn't. You didn't even find it. I tell them I'll catch up, guys. I have to say goodbye to my mates. It is magic? ASHLEY & Hi, hi, sorry I disappeared there for a while, I just got a little distracted. Just wanted to say it was wonderful running into you, if you'll be around for another week, you said? Well, our paths may cross again, and if you know, or can ask around where Greyskull Keep is, come pay us a visit. I would love to talk to you about the past, and history, and your travels and mine, all right? It's actually called Greyskull Embassy, now. And I turn to-- what is her name? Kaylie? Yes, it is. My room's on the second floor. I wanna get some more into that!