What? It's Vaxmas? I'm not looking. Oh wow, that's really nice! I thought it was going to be vulgar. Wow. That's so sweet. Thank you, Kit Buss. Me and two ladies, what could be better? Right? I don't know how to put this up, but thank you. That's so sweet. Aw. I won't kill you tonight. And John Lennon. Hey Travis, you didn't know this? Can they vote many times? Are we there? No, we're not even there. Oh shit, it's already started! Was? Just saying that Trinket died already. Can I request that the rest of us do the sounds of the ricocheting bullets in case he misses? Don't hit Jarett. He could still hit Jarett! He's our best guy. Oh, initiative? I don't think it's anything. I think it's just him tinkering. He got 15. I got three. Does he have armor? Wait, Trinket missed? (ricochet sound) (laughter) (ricochet sound) Have we rested, by the way? So we're down a bunch of spells. Some of us used spells. Fly and stuff. Oh, where am I? Where does Percy do his tinkering? Because I can't see what's going on down there. Okay, so I know there's shit going on down there, but I can't really see what. So I would probably just Dimension Door into the tinkering room, because that's where I assume Percy is. And then I see what's going on, and nobody's there. Do I have line-of-sight on anybody? Okay. Well, then. I can move also, can't I? I'll move towards him. Oh, then I see a crazy thing in front of me. Shit. So I probably take a couple steps back. (laughter) Desmond. Jarett and Desmond. From the tinkering room I yell out, is it safe? Can I come out now? Oh! Okay. I'll stay. How did you get two? You've had the worst couple of days. I gently fall asleep under Percy's workbench, where I've been hiding this whole time. Natural 20. The fuck is that sound? Six. He's fallen for that stuff before. And this is why you kept up our accusations against us in front of him? Wait, are you saying that the Briarwoods corrupted him? During the dinner? While we were all sitting there? Aren't you deaf? Is that why you're talking so loud? (laughs) Unless they're caught, in which case, you've got two of our members against the entire palace guard. I didn't even want to face the little invisible thing downstairs! He hates our fucking guts. Seeker Asum, in your opinion, is it safer to try and heal him or to try and clear our name through the traditional legal means? No. No, the other option is to clear our names and not worry about clearing his mind. But during our trial, we will have a direct line of sight to him, we might be able to get through to him. That's true. He doesn't trust Allura, she wasn't even allowed in the room to talk to us. There's definitely suspicion there, right? Runaways? No, we go to the Briarwoods-- Whitestone? Or by killing the Briarwoods, thus ending the charm. Percival-- Percival, what do you think we should do? Go seek revenge on your family and get some blood on our hands, Briarwood blood? Or do the sneaky thing and try to-- Diplomatic immunity. He's not even going where we would be going. We would be going to Whitestone, right? That's where the Briarwoods are. It's a strategy boner? I'm not that small. No. Are you asking me? No, but I can shit on things. Yes? It could last him 20 minutes, yes. Get him to the docks, maybe. Onto Tiberius? I could've shat on him and had the same effect. We've always sought out the path of the most glory, and I think that that is the Briarwoods. Going into a giant, vampire-lich-ridden castle and killing two evil bastards amid their army of protectors is the coolest thing we could ever do. You think we can get into Sovereign Uriel without anyone detecting magic on us? He's got clerics all round him-- We can get there, but something tells me we're still going to be fighting a big fight in a palace. I'd rather fight that big fight in the Briarwoods'. But in the Briarwoods', we can kill every motherfucker in that place. You killed an old lady! She did have an old lady smell. (singing) Here comes the sun-- Tell him that he bought you? I go to Gilmore's. Are we near Gilmore's? I want to know if such a thing exists, and if so, how much. A potion or a scroll that could invoke either Hallow or Spirit Guardians. Spirit Guardians is four. Hallow is five. 4th-level. Spirit Guardians would make some beings around us. It scares evil things away. It's like a Pike-y thing. Can I cast that if I have a scroll? How much did you say? I'll buy one of those. Okay. Yes, I will. I would also like to find a smithy of some sort and make me a little metal choker of chainmail. (laughs) Sure, I'll get eight of them, or seven of them. How much are they? Chainmail chokers And a small one for my dick. (laughter) A tiny one. Then I bow and leave. 16 errands. In the meantime, check out those Critical Role keychains available on Geek and Sundry. (laughter) Oh jeez. It's worth it. It's a good investment. The thing that I had that I still want. That one. Feet?! You know, if you hold two next to each other there looks like there's a million of them. If you're doing a square, it's three feet by three feet. I've got fog. Can he get back to the keep and we've all left four days ago? (laughter) Dear Tiberius. We left. 95,000 gold (whispered) How much do they cost? I'll just put it on my back. I'll just hang it. I will put it where I put all gentle things. I give everyone the chainmail. I take that fancy box I bought a couple times ago, and I take the blue crystal that we found in our very first adventure and I put it in and I seal it tight. Shit. I had one more thing I wanted to do. Oh yes, I drink my Shit-Scrying Potion, shit in a jar and leave it in the kitchen. And tell the help, don't touch it. Have we given them a raise? Five of them make 100 a month, two of them make 50 a month. That won't do anything. They would have known when they got to our keep. He's awesome. Skirmisher's Stealth? (air horn noises) I walk into Tiberius' room while he's having this conversation with himself. And I say, what are you doing in here? Oh, okay. All right. I'm going to go get some garlic from the kitchen, and then let's go! Onward. Do we know where we're going? Do we know where we're going? Carriage. Let's go. How much do they cost? All right, yes. We go to Tiberius's laboratory. (dryly) Oh, I'm very impressed. You drew that just now? Let's set out. I trust Percy; whatever you say. So the bridge is out? How far is it across? We've got to get the horses across. They're not coming? Oh. Well, I just Dimension Door across, then. No one. The horses. I say a prayer of thanks to the horses, who will surely die of starvation. The plan is walk until we get there. Nine. ORION. 18. Four. Don't worry! I can make us all look like cows again! Come on, do it, Grog! Come on, you can't beat a girl? I'll take first watch. I go invisible to see if I can hear their conversation. Perception or stealth? 20. Let's get going. 27 One! No! Should we run? Will it move with us, your shell? You can't do that!