How's that gun barrel of yours? Why don't you toss that thing into the acid just in case? Are you going to shoot your sister like you just pointed your gun at her? What was that about? I gave you the other gun. (scoffs) You think it's fine? I don't have any faith! Here, we'll make a deal. I'll let you keep that gun if you give me the other one. I just had a thought, Percy. I cast Friends on him. I think I know how to fix your gun, if you hand it to me. I rolled a natural 20. Wink! I say, thank you, Percy. I think, in due time, you will thank me for this. And I toss it into the acid. As I say, when the spell fades he's going to be super pissed, somebody protect me! Yes. I go run and jump on Grog's shoulders. He's held right now. Let's not be petty. Let's not be petty, Percy. Humanoids? No, it could be an undead army. Five. She's frozen in a beautifully surprised expression. Surprise! (clears throat) I walk up to a particularly handsome widow, and I say, your husband-- Oh. Your husband died for a good cause, thanks, bye. (laughter) Why are you looking at me like that, Pike? Pike, stop it! Oh, sorry. No, it's okay. Ripley's gone and also there's a goliath on the loose. Are there any young boys around? I just need a young, fleet-footed boy. Or a girl! No, wait, that sounds weird. All right. Show us what you want to show us, Yennen. Start that one again? Grog, if I may. I can assist you in this, if you'd like. Thank you, Grog. Percival, this is your kingdom, so if you-- These two have done much violence to this place. They represent all that is evil. Never saw you before, friend. You have a lovely house, by the way. Or had one. (laughter) Might need a new roofer. Anyway. In a show of grace and to demonstrate our new hope that we have for this place, I suggest that we don't kill these two. But rather force them to help rebuild the place that they helped destroy. One of them at least is extremely strong. The other one must have some sort of skill. Okay, so maybe we'll kill her. Are you okay, your honor? No. Let hers be the last blood shed. I find a young boy. Or a soldier, and I give him 15 gold and I say, for the love of god, find me a fucking beret. Oh, feels good. Thank you, young boy. Whatever your name was. What was your name, young boy? Thank you, Randall. You've made me a very happy small man. Oh no, keep the change, it's all right. Go buy yourself a goose. The biggest goose in town. (laughter) Brandon Gilmore, that was his young name. Yes. Pike? But she's not in town. If I may, Percy, may I make a suggestion? No, but it will be spending some of your kingdom's money. Let's not talk about the guns. If most of their books have been taken from them, perhaps we could use some of the treasury to build a library. Perhaps we could even name one of the libraries Gilmore's Glorious Books. Hey, boo. Oh no. That's the revenge. Nice try, Grog. I'm giving them privacy. We can write it for you if you just want to sign it at the bottom.