It's okay, I'll go get Travis. I couldn't find Travis anywhere. They had me eat-- Some stuff. Oh, that's so nice. The Way of the Gun. Had to be done. Like Rocky IV. Ooh. I can, actually. Yes. When you have the punchline, let me know. What kind of a wand? I want it. I want it. Of course I am. I'm always with you. Are you? Why I am in your room?! Oh I know, I came in here to tell you, to ask you something where's my wand? (laughter) Where's my ring? Those are mine. I found them. Sure. Or give it to me. Oh, okay. I can make that work. I already have a wand that shoots things. Oh, I'm the only one who can use it? I'll take it, then. That's right. He's opening a cloak factory. I wanted to do four things. One, compose an epic poem to commemorate the rebels rising up against the empire that had kept them down for so long. Sort of a force that had awakened. I call it... Resident Evil. I don't know why. Because they're residents and there was evil. I couldn't come up with another name for it. They're residents of the town and there was an evil. That's all. So, I'm looking for a publisher. Oh-- gulp. I also wanted to make sure that we were using the treasury, coordinating with Percy to open a library for the people to help them rebuild their place, which sounds like Vax is already on. I also commissioned a portrait of myself. I don't know if you-- I found a young artisan in town that I paid him some coin to paint me something that could possibly hang in the keep, at Greyskull, in the dining room. Ah, hello. My name is Scanlan Shorthalt. I was the leader of the rebellion that just defeated Lord and Lady Briarwood. I hear you are a budding artist and I am, if nothing else, a supporter of the arts. Well, I believe in you. And I need you for a very important commission. A great good has been done here by the rebels, by the townspeople, with the help of Vox Machina and of course, with the help of Vox Machina's leader, myself. Therefore, I'm here to commission a humble portrait of myself. You may not know him, but there was a folk hero in my town growing up. His name was Fabio. He would frequently pose with windblown hair and an open shirt on a horse. I was thinking something like that, and also I have this figure of Pike. She's a friend of mine. I'd like her on the back of the horse, arms around my waist, looking super hot. If that's possible. 33. (laughter) Oh. Sorry, 31. I was wrong. Please, I insist. I must give you something for your troubles. What's your name, young sir? Jameson? I like this guy. How about in return, I will sing your praises far and wide as the greatest artist in-- where are we? Whitestone. Whiteheart. Briarstone. Heartwood. All right. I'm aware that some people like to be discreet about things and that's all right with me, too. Then I'll pay you the going rate for portraits of me. How big is the wall at Greystone Keep? The dining room wall. High? Okay, and wide? Well, I'd like to leave room for other artwork, as well. We'll say 20 by six. TRAVIS and Well, it's half and half. 20 wide, six high. Thank you, sir. Jameson, was it? You have done a noble deed for your people and for the rebel forces. Oh, that is true. (laughter) And then, one last thing. On a serious note, I do some research to see if me, or any one of my party could, over time and with great effort, learn the skills required to utilize a teleportation circle. Not great. Arcana? 11. It's not a skill I can learn? All right. Ooh, hello Keyleth. Fly the friendly skies. We can all? That sounds like it would be the quickest "root" to go. Oh, I'm good. Archibald's still around? And he betrayed us? LAURA and Oh. All right, I'll let him live. Just part of the team, guys. Oh, me? My alignment's good. True nature. That is a big piece of paper. He's got a talking sword! Just try it out! What could go wrong? What does it say? Evil Grog is not a good idea. I had a question. Did we assemble a team of magic-- I tag along. It's entertainment. It's just a game. It's not real. It's a game. It's going to be fine. Don't worry. Why don't you have Percival take the first turn? Hey, kids, this is why you shouldn't drink during the daytime. I'm not so sure about that, Percy. I choose the one on the left. Sure. (ding) Amazing! So accurate. All right, we'll leave. Oh yeah, I want to see this. I will also enter the arm wrestling competition. You're paying for his entry? And mine, as well? I would like to-- I would also like to compete. Here you go. That's me! Sure. Can I ever-so-covertly say to him, you don't want to beat a gnome. You don't want to beat a gnome. I'm casting Suggestion on him. Oh, the worst. Shit. 13. Who knows? We'll find out when my arm gets wrenched off. He's checking Twitter. Yes, sir. 19. You weren't expecting this, were you? (pants) Neither was I! Not as good. 11. 16! What is going on? I had-- This has never happened before. Natural one. (laughter) You idiot! I had him! (groans) I don't need your pity! Grog, kick this motherfucker's ass! Put him in a body bag! It's true. I hold up my hand and I use Minor Illusion to make it all dotted with herpes. No! A young boy? I step forward and I sing a song of inspiration. I sing, (sings) let's go raging now, everybody's learning how, come on on a rampage with me! Grog, what are you doing?! Oh my god, do you really have hand herpes? (laughter) It's okay, Grog. Let's go get you drunk. I just noticed Taliesin's outfit, by the way. (sings) Letters, we've got letters. (dreamily) Zahra. We had quite a night together. Just braiding each other's hair. Check it for traps! Gate Stones? There are two stones in this box? Or a bamf-in-Pike card. From Lillith and Zahra? Lillith is a true friend. Zahra, as well. Vex and Vax! Within, Allura and the party make an alliance, and Keyleth aids her in performing a scrying ritual on the palace. The vision reveals that the family of Uriel-- his wife, two daughters, and son-- are all under the influence of some demonic force, and have addled the mind of their father, using him as a mouthpiece for their plot. The party decides to pay a visit to the Clasp, using Vax and Pike's knowledge of an entrance, and end up in a confrontation with Spireling Modeth within his chambers. The battle ends with Modeth's head on the floor and four strange, glowing crystals he had been keeping now stolen by the party. They attempt to leave, but are met by a host of Clasp members and another, dangerous-looking Spireling. Through Scanlan's deft lies and coercion, the party is allowed to leave unharmed before their deeds are discovered. They return to Allura's tower only to find the front door ajar and the interior tossed by some previous scuffle. As they reach the top of the tower, they investigate, finding signs of a struggle with a demonic entity, and Allura's escape seemingly successful. Unfortunately, a magical defense of the tower is triggered, and it begins to cave and crumble around them. Through some ingenuity-- and the discovery of a magic carpet-- the party manages to escape being crushed within, Allura's ivory monolith now compacted into a single, magical pearl. Our heroes then locate and enter the home of General Krieg, finding a brainwashed servant and a hidden passage that leads to a teleportation circle. Using the device, they are transported to a distant cavern, high in a range of frost-covered mountains, and an incredible hoard of gold, jewels, and fine trinkets. Across the room are four obsidian orbs placed within the rock. As one is touched, a giant eye appears from within the black crystal and a voice erupts, calling for a Brimscythe, and noticing the unfamiliar folk, mentions, "Intruders... I know your face now. He "is a fool, and so are you, insect." The orbs all crack simultaneously, becoming inert. Grog dives right in, rage-looting the gold, but the arrival of the party seems to call the attention of General Krieg, who appears at the teleportation circle. He angrily denounces the party and reveals his true form, that of a frightening blue dragon! Sure. I can Polymorph Trinket. Furry belly? What is that? Oh, he has a helmet head? I'm going to use Message to communicate to Grog If there was ever a time for a prank, now is it. Constitution? Oh, he's going to barf. (whispers) Luck! Food? Of our members, only this one human over here on his hands and knees, is the expendable one of our group. I don't think any of us would-- well, Percy, if you'd like to stay and rule? This is your birthright and you've earned it. But you would be a fantastic ruler. Wait, would you be on this council? And who would they be counseling? Is there no superior primate? Is there no, there's no-- A triumvirate. Oh, four people? Flibbertigibbit. Someone from the gnome community. From the gnome community. I accept. It's done. What was that cash prize? You had mentioned some sort of-- It's an old person. (laughter) How did you get that?! It was in Uriel's palace, wasn't it? Did you wink somebody for that? You slutty little thing. Oh no, it's just a real snake, it's biting you! Here it is. Grog, I got you an Amazon gift card. It's a forest called the Amazon. You can go there and get a gift. Oh, really far, you'll never use it. Saxecutioner.