Okay! I haven't done this in a while, so I'm falling back on an old crutch, an old beloved character-- Rhodey Slater is back to do another round-- Gotta get in character. (in surfer voice) Yo-ho-ho, it's me, Rhodey Slater, with another message from our sponsor, Loot Crate. Whether you're dropping in on a party wave in Uluwatu or even Tamarindo, you won't look like a paddle-puss if you haul your tres gnarly gear from El Crate-o del Loot-o. This month's theme is Build, featuring sick brands like Power Rangers, hang ten; Batman, wax it up; Lego, mondo bitchin'; and Tetris, shaka. (all laugh) -- when he should be really spending more quality time with his children, as their youthful lives pass by without their father, precious moments ticking away until one day they're adults, and you're standing at their wedding, thinking, "Oh my god, I missed so much, I missed so very much, and for what? A Loot Crate ad?" Anyway, ride that tube and subscribe today, (shouting) bonzai! (all laugh and cheer) Yeah. Many. Many. We're allowed to say the date now? It is not an epic April Fools' Joke-- -- this is really happening. Okay. You know what? I will promise that I will play at least one April Fools' joke on one of you, during that panel. Sure, of course. I don't care for him. (All laugh) He didn't want to come on my show, Siggle Boost. Siggle Boost. Yup. Yeah. That's true, that's true. In the hundreds? In the fifties? In the tens? Wow. Wow. Big roll, big roll. Like a matador. Oh! (sound of impact) Worst chess game ever. "What do you want me to do!" Oh no. Oh no. Yo, how does it look to the rest of the gang? I think you're going to have to fuck him, Grog. (all laugh) (quietly) What? With gentleness there comes--? So what did we learn from that? No, that-- close your eyes-- or, how does this... what? I'm so confused. I don't get it. Diarrhea. He's down to triple digits now. Oh, no. Ooh? Ooh! It would've been 20d10? (whispers) Quivering Palm... Oh, man. Sometimes music calms the savage beast. You could sing to him. Patient Defense. Ooh. That's 20 more levels. Sepsis! Ooh! He learned to be a dick! (everyone laughs) You have a healing-- Awesome. Ooh, take one. Vague words of encouragement! (all laugh) Clutch. He just has to miss four. Just has to miss three. (growls) Phillip! Whaat? Come on, come on. Ohh! Kill him. You're a magician! Piece of paper. Sure to one-hit them. Can we count hit points in kitten strength for now? (making dying noises in the background) Hmm, yeah, it's fine. No, it's fine, I'm having a great dream. Fucking come back and get me! (all laugh) (snores) Who's this guy? Are you there? You're at the window. When's he coming back? Better be. International House of Bosoms Ahh, the silver dollars. Whore check! (all laugh) And also that they serve a pancake with-- (all laugh) -- some chocolate chips and a smiley face. Search for him. Wherever he might be. What's going on? Hello. Hello? Hello? What's going-- Hi. What-- where am I? What's going on, where am I? What's going on? Why am I like this? Where am I? No. Is the dragon alive? I feel like you're fucking with me. (all laugh) What are you doing here? They brought you here? Where are-- are we in Whitestone? Kaylie, could you excuse us a moment? I'm sorry I... fell again. Can someone answer me one thing, though? Who got Kaylie? Who brought Kaylie here? Why the fuck would you do that? I promised her that I wasn't going to die, and you showed her my dead body. You thought that was a good idea? No! I'd rather she never know. Yes, I do, unfortunately. I think it's bad that she thinks that I'm an oathbreaker, that I am weak, that I failed in my promise to her. That everything she thought of me when she found me is confirmed now. That I can't be trusted, and I can't protect her. I hope that's true. I did. I think. I heard music. I heard Pike. I heard voices. I heard Pike saying a poem. I heard someone playing music. Yes. She also knows that I fell and that my friends thought it would be funny to put me in a fucking nightgown and spread pudding all over me. And bring back my lifeless body and show her how weak her father is. That's what she saw. I made a promise, and I broke it, and you proved it to her. And I wish you hadn't meddled in my affairs. I don't have... I don't have many things that I care about, and I don't have anything that cares about me. What? You think you care about me? Yes, I'm sorry, you're right. You like me because I make jokes, and I play songs, and I give you a warm place to stay at night, and I feed you fucking chicken, and I heal you in battle. But you don't really care about me. Come on. Let's be honest with each other. You don't really give a shit about me. Prove it. Prove it. We traveled into the fucking nine hells to get Pike a set of armor. We went and battled a city of vampires so Percy could feel good about his name. We fought goliaths for Grog. We've traveled across planes of existence so you could fix your fucking daddy issues. But you've never done anything for me. Ever! You've never risked anything, you don't know me, you don't know anything about me. What's my mother's name? What's her name? Easy question. Died in front of me. Killed by a goblin. Biggest part of my life. What's her name? My father. Is he alive or dead? How old am I? Where's my fucking dog? You don't care about me. Did you? It's fine. I'm just a little hungover from being dead, and I just have been thinking for a while, and, you know. Grog has Pike. Vax has Keyleth. Percy has Vex. But Scanlan has no one, and I had one chance at one real relationship with my daughter, and I feel like you've gone and fucked it up, too. Because you don't really know me, and you don't really know what my relationship is with her, and what I've promised her, or anything, really. And it's fine. When I met you all, I was just a funny little man playing songs, and that's all I'll ever really be. And that's okay, because I can take care of myself. I don't need your help. I don't like that very much at all. Well then, I must be a very good liar. MARISHA and Yeah. If you really respected me, you wouldn't pick me up like some sort of dwarf and pick me up and put me down and take off your fucking armor and treat me like a fucking child. I just wish you wouldn't have brought her into this. I had one shot with her, and now how will I ever show her that I can be trusted? How will I ever show her that I can protect her? You're right. I should talk to her. I should! I should. And I will. Fine. You're right. I will. I will. I'll talk to her. Listen. I don't know what adventure we're going on next, but I think you should go without me. Vex is right. I should talk to her. I should be here for her. I don't know why I wasn't with her in the first place. I didn't need to go with you to kill the dragons. I should've just been with her in the first place. Probably just scared to. I should just be her father and stay. Yeah. No, I will not go whoring with you one more time. It was Juniper. Thank you for asking. I don't really know. He makes things. Made things, I don't know. His name is Vicou. I guess it's just easier to laugh at the world when you don't care about it. I know. I think that's come up. That's fair. I haven't been. But I also don't-- I don't have anyone. I have to take care of myself. That's all. (quietly) I didn't. I did not. I died. Twice. In a row. I'm being kept alive by some fucked-up weird magic. Before I met you people, I would have never-- the worst I would have gotten in is a bar fight. And I would have won. 'Cause I would have been a liar and a cheater. And now, I didn't help any of you in the last fight. I didn't do anything. The fight before that, I didn't do anything-- -- I'm useless! -- I'm out of my league. I'm out of my league. Listen, it was fun. It's fun. It really has been fun to travel with six legends. It's fun. It's fun to say that your friends are legendary fighters. It's fun! Well, that's just it. I'm a really good liar. Just give me some time. It's not fun, is it? ...Yeah. I have to. I'm just gonna be a Shorthalt for a while. And I'm just gonna figure out what that means. And... it's great being part of a team, but you gotta know who you are first. So I gotta go figure that out. And I gotta go figure out what she is, too. And when I do, I'll come back and find you. And if you really need a place to stay, I'll advise you to buy some tents, 'cause you won't have a mansion anymore. I know you'll be fine 'cause you all have each other, but for now, I just need to have me for a while. I love you all. I even love Percy... and his parents, Frederick and Johanna. And I'll go with Kaylie. What's this? (choked) All right, I will. You'll need this. When Vex tries to give you something, you take it. All right. Don't die. (exhales) I hope so. And... well, you said I was right. Let's pick up that conversation later. I'll go out the door. They're all individually going to the room next door. (all laugh) Everyone's reading highlights. Me? Negative two. I got a two total. But I get advantage against magic. That's a 17. I mean, that's 19, my wisdom is negative two. Just in case. You there! You lot! Hello! Wow! Who are you all? Look at this, magical items from head to toe. Why, I've never seen anything quite like it. Doty, come here, will you? Take this down. In my travels through-- Doty. Doty, take this down In my travels in Anh'karel, I have never seen so many magical items in one place. But then I saw them, walking up to me, and I knew I had met some very special people. That's it for now. Hello! Nice to meet you all. The name is Taryon Darrington. (all laugh) My friends just call me Tary. And I'm a bit of an adventurer. I've been traveling around this continent for a while, trying to tick off things off of my list, and I've had a few scraps and scrapes. And I'm looking for more adventure. I was travelling with a band of ne'er do wells that I had hired and, well, let's just say many of them were killed. Heh. SO. I was looking to employ a ragtag group of people, elves, whatever you are. To accompany me, sort of be my side men, if you will. How much would a band like you cost for a day? Oh. That's nothing. Would you-- I'm sorry? Well, I tend to employ people on a month-by-month basis, and you get a cut of the treasure as we go, of course. We can work out the particulars, but are you in fact, guns and-- or, not guns. Swords-for-hire? I'm going after many things. I have a long list of things I want to tick off. Of course I am. You haven't heard of... Well, you haven't heard of me yet because my book hasn't come out yet. Doty here is recording my legendary adventures as I travel around the continents. Yes, I haven't settled on a title yet. It will either be-- "Tary's Adventures". It's sort of lame, sort of lame. Or it could be "Daring Adventures of Darrington" or it could be "Tarry On with Taryon". Or something like that, I'm working on the title, I have a while to finish it. That's fantastic! Doty, please write that down. I knew you were special when I ran into you all, my goodness. Well.  Hold on, let me check my list.... that is on the list. It was... lower down, but, it's another thing I have to tick off before I'm a real adventurer! So, I'm up for anything if you are. I'm an adventurer! That's my biographer, Doty. If I tell him to. He also has other skills. Many things. I can grant powers to many people. For instance you, Little Elf Girl, what's your name? Ooh! Is that a band of evildoers, is that a roving goliath horde? My name is Taryon Darrington, I am an adventurer, and I have more recently set out on my journey, that is true. I have not seen so many real battles yet, but I have fought many beasts. There was one, it was a smallish beholder, and my men took it out into a field for me and sort of roughed it up for me, and then when the time was right for the kill, they said "Come on in and kill it!" And I came in and used my powers and killed it and I checked it off the list. Yes. It was so thrilling. They also perished, that was a different group, yes. But they were well-paid before they went, and I'm sure they sent some of the money home. Some of them, I think they do that, typically. I've got a long list of beasts and animals I'd like to slay-- Uh, naga, I think that's how you say it. Okay. I've already gotten a smaller beholder. Someday I'd like to see a dragon, maybe have a crack at it or two. I feel like you're condescending to me! I'm not, I'm not a dullard, here. I can do a lot of things! My wealth has bought me many different artifacts from my travels, and they all do majorly magical things. I have a rod. No, it's whatever I want it to be. Sword! Fire! It's fucking cool, isn't it?! Oh, like, 400,000 gold or something? It was a lot of money. I don't quite... Doty keeps the facts and figures. Doty, can you show me that piece of the book? That's embarrassing. I don't have a current adventure right now. Fire off. Still getting used to some of the contraptions. What kind of adventure is this, again? You mentioned you're going to do something very dangerous. Can you tell me what it is? I could limber up, sure. While they're talking, I'm working on my rod. Battleaxe! Doty, take this down. As the group turned around, I knew I had them. (all laugh) Oh! I don't carry 50,000 gold with me on my person! I-- not-- Doty, go ahead and speak. Go ahead, Doty, speak. Oh, that's right, Doty can't speak. Doty's a machine. Doty only listens to me. If you had some sort of a pet, you would understand. How about this? I'll give you a little present, just for you, little elf girl. And I flip her a silver coin that I have put a spell into. I've put-- It's a special coin, you should pick it up. Well, that was for the elf girl but all right, sure, you can use it too. When you need it, if you just hold that coin up, you'll turn invisible. Hey, big man. Look at this. Heavy crossbow! You can shoot it! That was pretty good. Yes! And with that we embarked on our new adventure! The adventures of, what was it again? This is going to be fun, fun, fun! (all laugh) Tary Darrington. I know all of your parents' names. Because I love you! I love you so much! I am the most sincere! No, I'm Tary-ing this-- Tarying this--