(airhorn sounds) (laughter) Discount. It stands for "Damn! Extreme!" (laughing) Are we just doing the DX? Oh, I'm wearing a Loot Crate shirt right now. No, from this month's Loot Crate-- Are we allowed to open the small one, too? I mean, it's not small. It's more exclusive. Here, Marish. What do we got? I mean, it's too much good stuff. Stan Lee licks every pin. And with a $3 discount, if you multiply that by 12, that's like getting a free Crate every year. I'm just making that up. We'll also tweet one out or something. It's Trinket and it's all salmon-based advice. (laughter) Is something happening now? I fisted it. We don't know what we don't know, Matt. We're still in the lair? It's not infinite? What about the gold? Did we find out how much gold? 20%. And we have spent a lot of our hard-earned cash saving this for them. Our Heroes' Feasts are 1,000 bucks each-- I feel like we should take 15 to 20. Why do you hate children, Vex? The people, how? Hold a vote? Do you want this money or do you want us to have it? Could you pray on it and ask what Sarenrae would do? Like us? Sure, if they had enough people and enough wagons. But, however, if we leave all this gold just sitting here, won't brigands come and rob it and pilfer it? We can hide it in some stone shit. Can't you make some stone shit, to hide it? Some sort of-- I don't know, like a fake stone wall that they could walk through? I don't know! Do any of them have identifying marks, like wedding rings, or--? Any particularly small ones? (laughter) I'll take a sapphire. Can I do some sort of arcana check on some of the stuff? Have we done that already? It just finds magical things, right? Sure, I'll Quall it. Ooh! 20. So it doesn't do anything. So then I'll scan through the stuff, looking for magical dope items-- I got a 14, anyone want to help me look for magical scheisse? Keyleth, you wanna help? Just look for magical shit. Grog? Grog, look for magic. (laughs) That's better than us! (laughter) Do any of us recognise the type of runes-- It explodes. This is a filthy jug. Oh, I put some semen in it. I think that's the magic! All right, we'll just hang onto it. I'll take it! Can I? Have I seen anything like this before? Dammit. Can I sniff it to get any clues? I'll hang onto this for now. It might be massage oil. You never know. No, this could be the spellbook. Abjurist Noja's. Does it look like a spellbook? Have we seen a spellbook before? Well, only some of us can read, no offense. As the unofficial leader of the group-- --I don't really need the book. So perhaps Percy should look at it. It's not Secret Santa, we're not trading things. (laughter) Okay, well, let's do that. Let's take a look at them overnight. I'm looking over the book. Yes, I'm doing the house. I know what that spell is, you just pass through walls like a ghost. This is +2 to charisma, permanently. Pike? I've commanded ten of my invisible guards to protect Vex's feet. (laughter) Protect her feet. That was the command. Oh, that's so vulgar! You think any of my servants are boys? (laughter) That's true, that's true. (laughter) Oi? Ooh, yes. Well-- No? Oh, I'm not coming with you. Don't worry, darling. Yes, it's downstairs in the third basement-- I don't know! (laughter) Right next to the boiler room! It's got Russian temperature, Swedish temperature, Finnish temperature-- Yeah, we can all hear you-- Not covering anything. They had their orders. (husky voice) Goodnight. You want to do a cannonball contest? 15,000 gold. (laughter) Sure. Do we all have that? All right. Five pounds of gems. I haven't been here, but I wander in eating some chicken with no pants. (laughter) Oh. No, of course not. It's artistic licence. Come on. (laughter) All right, the rules Everyone gets one jump to be officiated by--? Who? Sarenrae? They'll vote for me. (laughter) Can you officiate? Are you going to join or are you in too much of a funk to? Alphabetical order. Sure, there's a trickle-- But you can't see her naughty bits because they glow with heavenly light. No, I'm here too! L, M, N, P, Q, R, S. That's me! Oh boy. I'm going to take a flying leap and jump in while cannonballing. Sploosh. That's an 11. (laughter) Why, thank you. Take a bow, take a bow. Thank you, thank you. Percy, are you back yet? The twins! Not that high. Impressive. And she didn't really use magic, so that's good. Bonus points there. That's up to Grog! I don't think so. Well met, well met. Five pounds of gems? Good game, good game. Well, we just have a few things to divvy up. I've learned about the book that we found from the dragon. It is filled with knowledge that can increase someone's abilities. The abilities that I happen to be very good at would be even better. It's not my sex abilities. Actually, technically yes. Technically, yes. My sex ability-- Charismatic abilities. Permanently better charisma. Oh shit! Is it a never-ending beer jug? Is it just beer? Or is it any spirit? Or what? Okay, now you're going to get a bunch of mayonnaise shipped to our PO box. (laughter) I also found out that that one of the vials is a potion vial. It can temporarily give the drinker a spell of Etherealness. Which is like you temporarily turn into Casper the Friendly Ghost. You can pass through walls. Anyone who drinks it. Oh, it's rubbing? I can rub it on your back for you. No, it's Vex. Tome of Leadership and Influence. I'm torn, Keyleth. You have some charisma issues, shall we say? Well, I'm just saying that I am quite self-confident, sure of myself. Some would say charming. And this book would make me unstoppably so-- So, I don't know, we could roshambo for it? What does the group think? Me? Why don't we think on it? It takes six days of reading to take effect. Yeah, you live for many centuries, Keyleth. You can have it nexties! (laughter) Speaking of old, are some of us older than we used to be? What if we don't want to be any younger? I don't know. A girl never tells her age. No, I'll get young again. Slightly. I do! Yes! (laughter) Lao Tsu. All right, I'll give you some tips. Ooh. Uh-oh. They've already attacked. Who controls him? Stereo. Into Westruun? Sorry for the wait. Fabulous writer. Good person. Charisma! What's with all the questions, narc? (laughter) Nope. Oi, what's your name? Kerr? And tell us about yourself, if you don't mind. Ooh! I like! I'm an adult man! Percy? Maybe you guys could collab on a joint project. I actually might have a project for you, if we have a moment. Possibly. Actually, this raises an important question. What do the people of Westruun do at this point? Do they rebuild? Do they go underground? Do they leave and abandon the city? Nope. You are incorrect. But where are they going to stay? I've been down to the sewers, and there's crazy giant creatures down there. Also the dragons know that the last dragon who came here died. I insight check him! 19. He just said, you fart. What was this about Loot Crate? I trust him with my life. I pledge my allegiance to you, sir. What was your name again? Well, we were down there, and there was horrible, creepy things. We could clear out the sewers. I like this guy. I just feel like he's an honest man. He's a good guy. He's got a nice twinkle in his eye and I recognize that as a sign of honesty, because I have a similar feature. Yeah, the light has to hit it just-- Well, there's only 200. We could have a huge meeting and put it to a vote. Is there a way to hide the city with magic? We've seen that done before. We could spend a few days here and get them started before we go on to our next thing. Yes, I guess if we gave him away. But we need him. Tell him to walk. Is that your lying voice? We'll give you instructions. He's a strong man. We can send one of the stones with them. Wait, there's three options for these people, and they have to decide for us. They can stay here and live in the sewers. They can go to, what's it called? Kymal, where they're still accepting refugees, or they can wander off into the desert. That's what I'm saying. Oh, where is she? Is she around? Wake her up! Tell her her dad's dead! She's druish. He stabbed you in the back. (laughter) Kern? Meanwhile, I'm telling my table a story about how I won a cannonball contest last night. It was in a dragon's lair! I was amazing. (laughter) Ew. It seems like a waste. Oh, no, no, no! You did it wrong. The people who've lost their city? You're going to prank them? No, the central-- Where we killed Kevdak. Also, I don't know if he remembers, but sometime in our revelry last night, I asked Kerr if he could-- I gave him a sheath, just a sheath of a sword-- and I asked him if he could make just a little-- there's some metal components to it-- I was asking him if he could just make a little secret compartment on it. Like a place that you could hide a little vial or a little powder or a little note or something, just in the side of the sheath. Yes. Extremely. I don't make the best decisions. Could I have inspired him? I will give him a limerick to inspire him with. Have you heard the legend of Shale? One eye, elderly, frail? To a black dragon, she told, "You "may be ancient, but I'm old!" And somehow lived to tell the tale. (cheering) Great! I understand. Thank you for your nimble fingers. Next time, I'll ask Percy to do it. (laughter) Also, before we go to the meeting, I haven't used it in a while but I would like to use my Scrying Potion to-- not potion! The scry that I left at our Greyskull Keep so long ago, to kind of see what's going on at Greyskull. Yeah. Yep. We all know what it was. But still standing? Oh! Okay. Or maybe our staff. Okay. No, no. Poo doesn't work that way, Travis. It's a one-way street. I left it in a jar in the kitchen and I told the people not to open it. I'm still reading my book. But, yes, we're just going to ask them a question. We don't think anything. We'll support their decision, right? What do you think? We have a lot of other things to do-- let's talk to them. I'll be with you. Two days' travel. My girl is there. Yes. I'll be going there anyway. Kaylie. Get their attention? All right. I blow my horn to call the meeting to attention. I'm doing sign-language interpretation. (laughter) Kymal. As we speak, upwards of 40,000 gold are being delivered by your finest men. This, with our help, can help construct a sturdy underground layer that will shelter you if the dragon were to come back. It will take days, possibly weeks to construct this. But if you wanted to stay, this would be your best bet. However, we are not forcing you to do anything. If you would like to go with the fellow refugees to Kymal, or find your fellow citizens scattered about, roving in the lowlands, that would be fine too. We need to come to an agreement today, so that we can help you do what you want. (whispers) You don't live here. Old magic! (whispers) He's not that bad. That's definitely Vex. Yeah. And we have 40,000 more gold coming. That's four days of entities-- What else are we going to spend the money on? For hundreds and hundreds of people? If I may, If I may, I'm so sorry, I know everyone's talking here. A city is not just a collection of houses and streets. It is a person of itself. And we can't go dividing it right now. Everyone should stay here. Everyone should be a unit, a cohesive unit. And we me, Keyleth, and one of your own, Pike, will definitely travel to Kymal to spread the word, if you give us a list of your ancestors, family members, friends, we can get word to all of them very quickly. 28. I'm going to hang near him. In Draconian. Pikey-pants. Do you want to have gone to Kymal? Or do you want to have stayed and helped? I volunteered you to come with me to Kymal. You can. A couple days and back. Oh yeah. You could bamf us there. Let's go do it. That's true. I can fly. Yeah, we can get back on our own. It's two days. Nope. You're coming? Great. (coughing) Third wheel. Trying to get some action here. (laughter) No, this is great. It's great to have an old dude with us also. (grumbles) (laughter) Let's go spread the good word about Westruun, and the great things happening in sewers there. Yes. And that it rhymes. At some point in our journey I excuse myself for ten minutes, drink my last shit-scrying potion. Poop out a little loaf. (laughter) The scabbard, yeah. I like it. Thank you. All right, so we've spread the good word. Are people going to travel back, do you think? I hope we're not sentencing them to death. That's true. And I will also go to look for Dr. Dra and Kaylie at some point. 27. Oh God! Is he okay? I'll go and ask! Oi! Shorthalt! Hi. You, too. How's he? Pike has healed feet before. While she works on him, I'm going to take Kaylie off to the side. I'm so happy that you are alive and safe, and I came a great distance to do other things, but mainly to see you, and I just wanted to say a few things before I go off to complete my mission. You know, I know I'm not the father that you wanted, but I'm the father that you have, and I'm sorry. I just wanted to tell you that I've been doing a lot of thinking about you, and me, and where I fit in to the life of a family man. Most of my adult life, I've been longing for a gnome to care for, and I met a really good one, and she's here and her name is Pike. And she's beautiful and wonderful, and possibly my soulmate, but I've learned that she's not my family and never will be. You're the gnome that I'm to care for forever, and I'm doing something very stupid now with my friends. We're going to try to save the world. And I didn't know why, but now I know, and if we die doing it, it will be for a good thing, and if we don't, then, well, I'll find you, and I'll be whatever kind of father you need me to be. One who's close and helpful. I don't intend to. But you know, I was just inside a-- All right. I promise you. I promise you. Well, you do the same, all right? Stay safe. I got you a present. It's a ring. It's a beautiful ring because you're a beautiful girl, and I'd like you to keep it. No. Never. And you're also strong, and you'll need this sword. And I give her my Singing Dawn Blade, which has a unique little imperfection at the bottom of it, and I say, this sword has killed a king, which makes it almost worthy enough for you. I hope that it keeps you safe until I can see you again. Okay. Get out of here. If you can, try to make your way to Vasselheim. There's three more dragons, and it'll be a while before I kill them all. Gnome's honor. All right, Pike, I'm done. Oh, shit! A Kerr package? Spring snakes! Spring snakes! We have more Vestiges to get. An airship to steal. Why? Prime Time. I walk by, eating chicken and wearing no pants. To the Feywild! He needs a destination. God damn it. To Vasselheim! Well, we have the rocks. We could send a rock with him. Is Feywild on the way? Oh, let's go on the way. It's like on the way, practically. Let's just let Vax go by himself. I pull Kerr aside. To Vasselheim! What are you, a sellout? Come on, man.