Got it. Think we're already out. Sync-minute. [music] Well, we can't be sure. She could die tonight. LAURA AND I'm just saying! I'm just saying. That would be really bad, by the way. Did you say Don Pardo? I do? I did not sign any sort of waiver. I signed no waiver. Oh, cool. I don't know who that is. Yeah. Yes. I'm fine. Yes. I'm fine. You know, we-- adventurers lose people in battle all the time, right? And we have a-- it's nothing, right? It's totally normal. This happens all the time, right? No. No thank you, I'm not-- I don't know. I-- (sighs) He's-- I don't feel it would be right to celebrate right now. No. No, I haven't. All right. I'll take a sip to Doty. My best friend. My only friend. It won't be the same. I know it sounds silly, but I created him. And he's just mechanical, but I feel like he understood me better than anyone else. But I could tell by his eyes that he sort of got it, he understood. Maybe I was just projecting, I don't know. I suppose I could build another, it just won't feel the same. I-- (sighs) You're right. Yes, you're right, you're right, yes. With some resources and some time, and a little help, maybe I can build a new Doty. Yes. I did, didn't I? Hell was not, but a revenge plot was. And this was a revenge, so I think we can tick that off. (sighs) Well, I've been giving that a lot of thought, actually. In fact, if you will humor me, can I read you all something? If we're honoring Doty, I'd love to read to you the last thing that he wrote, well, transcribed before we went into the Hells. As sort of a memorial to him. This was the last page before. "Doty, take this down." He always writes everything. "As I, Taryon Darrington, embark on a mission into the very "depths of hell, I do so with no fear or hesitation. Though this undertaking is fraught "with peril, I have a secret weapon that no inferno, monster or hellhound can defeat. I am "flanked by the ferocious band of mercenaries known as Vox Machina. In the days since meeting this "ragtag company, our relationship has blossomed. At first, I was viewed as a suspicious outsider, then "as a gallant and trusted colleague, and now, having proven my mettle, accepted as a lifelong "brother and full-fledged teammate. No matter what we face in the Abyss, my comrades would risk their "lives for me, kill for me, and I'm 100% sure each would gladly give his or her life to save mine. "Loyalty like that, you can't put a price on it. But, if I had to, I'd say their friendship is "worth about 210,000 gold. Which, even to me, is a relatively large amount of money. Their faith "emboldens me." (laughter) "But it's more than that. I've started to wonder. If I have so easily won the confidence of "these battled-hardened titans, perhaps I am even more venerable, more impressive than I ever knew! "Perhaps after this mission, I should return home, newly confident, to confront my father once and "for all. Maybe the time has come to complete my journey here and show my family that I am indeed "worthy to carry the Darrington name. But first, revenge! Soon we will venture to where nightmares "are born, and it's going to be fun, fun, fun. That's all for now, Doty. As always, correct my "grammatical errors before you rest and go fetch my sleep mask and nightshirt." And then we went to hell. He was a special, special robot and-- -- he was there for me in all of my darkest times and lightest times and now that he's not there anymore, I just-- I should feel very lonely, but I don't, because I am surrounded by people who truly respect me for who I am. And I know that in that last night before we went to the Hells I wrote that I was ready, finally, to go back and confront my father, but now in the absence of Doty, I've decided to put that aside and stay with you all. Yes, I feel my place is here with you, my rightful place. I won't have access to as much money, but everything else about me will stay the same. And I know that you are all happy that I've made this decision to stay with you as a now-poor adventurer. So maybe this is worth celebrating, I don't know, should we go have a drink in a pub or something? I don't like seeing lights at night, it wakes me out of my dream state, so-- Just my eyes and nose, just the top of the nose. I don't think we should venture up there right now. We have adventuring to do, don't we? Things to help rebuild, and-- Yes? Sure. I mean, I haven't tinkered for money before, do you get, what, two, three thousand gold per little-- Per year? Is there anything that pays much, much more than that? But you know what? I'm ready to set aside money for now, and just live my life and be my own man. Because if I do, when I do eventually go home, I don't want to seem like I'm trying to prove something to him. I just want to be my own man, right? And have him accept me for that, like you all have. A man whore? My hair. Who will brush my hair at night? Yes, I will. Will you help me? As always, wise words, Keyleth. Nothing to speak of. Are you talking about intercourse? I could try that out, sure, yeah, that's a great idea. Yes! I do not understand what you are saying. Rogue or ranger! All right, all right! Yes, let's go! No, it's fine. I could probably figure out how much I currently have. It's just, Doty used to keep track of that for me. Do I have to roll against it? This is worse. This is three. What are we rolling? Oh! Five. I have 34,000 gold pieces. Oh, just at that last moment? I just didn't want to tell her how money I have-- -- but before, I'm genuinely sad about Doty! Yes. Good day. I just lost my best friend. Does it get better? Thank you, kind stranger. She seems neat. Hello, Pike. Hello. Hello. Oh, that seems like a justification, sure. Yeah. Yeah, it's rough. It's rough. But these fellows have told me that they're going to take my mind off it with some flirting tonight. Yes. Yes. I don't know, I-- I assume you're going to introduce me to someone? Anyone you point out to me, I'm pretty sure I can woo. Sure. Someone attractive-- -- someone who can have an intellectual conversation-- Tall. Strong. Fair-skinned. That's about it. Oh, heavens no. I mean, you're perfectly attractive to some people, I'm sure, but you're just not my type, I suppose? All of those things. I should be so lucky to have a mate as capable as Keyleth. Don't worry, I can hold my own. I'll be fine. All right. Okay. I'm feeling confident. Remember, I'm a Darrington. I can walk into any establishment and find a young lass who has heard of me and take her home for the night. Can we do that? Is that something you can do? You and her? All right. Great! No, no, no, let's follow this thread. How about, spend the evening with? Spend the evening with. Well, no, no, no, it could be talking, it could be-- Of that young lady? All right, I like this. No, no, no, I like this. All right. But let's make this interesting. Yes, I like this, I like this. If she prefers me-- -- if she prefers me, I'll have that magical cup of yours. Your magical cup that makes liquids. Yeah. And if she prefers you over me-- -- you can have my rod. Why would you want to hide your beautiful head? This is-- My rod can become anything, you understand. The helmet is worth more than you'll ever see in your life. I don't think that's a fair wager against your cup. The jug for the rod. Jugs and rods. All right, big boy. You swing first. (clears throat) Yes-- Excuse-- Excuse-- Excuse me-- Madam, if I may. Hi. My name is Taryon, Taryon Darrington. It's lovely to meet you. I'm ashamed of something, and I wanted to tell you about it. My friend over there, the big one, pointed you out to me and said look at that beautiful girl across the room. And I'm ashamed that he had that moment of seeing you before I did. For knowing that he got to experience that beauty for a moment longer than I. Why, it's almost enough to make me cry. I've read many books, but your hair could fill a novel with its beauty. Your eyes are sonnets, your nose and mouth epic poems. And almost-- almost any feature of you could be enough to live a life on. But I'm afraid it's your neck that got me. The subtle curve, the way it meets your chest just so. It's like a wave crashing on a beach, at the same time ferocious and peaceful. I want to go to that beach. I want to swim in that tide. I want to dip my toes in that water and experience it for myself. I don't think that's a clear win. The night is young. I've read-- That was a chapter from a book I read. I just recited it back to her. I assumed it would work, because it was a romantic novel, that's all! Don't women like that sort of a thing? No! No! Flowery language and stuff! To that same one, or a different one? All right. Oh, there was one more thing I want to say to you. I am sorry, I-- I was taken before-- I want to be on you! I want to be on you so bad. 26. (laughter) Points? You're some kind of a genius! How did you do that? Wow! Wow, that was amazing! She just went for the bad boy thing. Hah. Women are fascinating. Oh boy. I rolled low. What do you mean? Girls don't like the bad boy? Keyleth. Your hair is like angels coming down from the sky-- All right. How much money do you have? All right. All right. Hi, I'm Taryon Darrington. Nice to meet you. So, what do you like to do at night? Do you have a servant who brushes your hair, or do you just brush your own? No. Have you killed-- no. A wink? I'm sorry we got off on the wrong foot earlier. I was taken by your obvious beauty, but there's so much more to you than that, I'm sure. If I could-- Tell me about yourself. How do you feel about-- What do you do during the day when the pub's not open? I'm a writer and a reader. What are your hobbies? Those children are lucky to have a mother as hard-working as you. Well, I'm glad to hear that you have a family because it would be a shame for someone like you to be alone. Yeah. Yes, I am. I don't know what I'm doing, and I'm floundering a bit. What's your name? Yes! It's lovely to meet you. I could end the evening right now having learned a lot from you already. Shauna! She is awesome. I like her a lot. I feel inv-- I'm speechless. Well, a draw, then? All right. We'll continue, then, until this is done. I defeated a goliath. (laughter) Talking-- oh, yes. I haven't picked up a woman in a bar before. No. No. I've never hit on a woman like that before. Or any, for that matter. As I told you, I led a sheltered life, and I've really only had one romantic experience. Oh god. Doty was a machine made of metal. Really? Really? You? Debonair? Royal? No, it did not. My father did find out. You guys are friends, right? LIAM AND My father, as I told you, has threatened to give the entire legacy of his estate to my sister because he doesn't feel that I am ready to take the reins. I'm not strong enough, and I'm not vicious enough. But it's more than that. He caught me with a teacher, a tutor, once. He gave me all the best tutors. And I learned a lot, but there was one who taught me some extra things. His name. It's embarrassing. Lawrence. Larry. Larry and Tary. He and I hit it off. We would talk about literature and philosophy and all sorts of things until the wee hours, and my father walked in on us once, and I don't know what happened to him, but I'm afraid he's dead. Or banished, or something bad. I don't know. I never saw him again. Ten years older than me. ASHLEY and This was a few years ago, so maybe 20. I wasn't a little boy! No. No. Well, I'm a dashing adventurer, and I'm supposed to attract all of the lasses of the kingdom, right? They throw themselves at me because of my derring-do and bravery and my hair. No, but I feel that-- in all the books I've read, they never tell of the adventurers who go to bed with older men. No. It's much grosser in real life. And more terrifying, and so badly planned. (laughter) He's probably dead. No. He was tall. He was fair-skinned. He was strong. Real estate. Real estate. He buys and sells properties. Mostly buys and holds. Leases them back to the kingdom who sold it to him for a huge markup, and charges taxes on people that use the properties, exorbitant taxes. And he shakes down people who use his properties. It's all very shady and murky, but it all involves real estate. He's a great man. He's made a lot of money, and he's respected and feared by many. I hate him, more than anything. Because-- I don't know. He's my dad. Rough me up? And be poor. No, thank you. Like a house of ill repute? A brothel? Me? Taryon Darrington in a house of flesh? Talking? Pike, are you encouraging me to go to a brothel right now? Yes, I have. I lost-- Yes, please. Your finest, oldest wine, I guess? I'm learning. (coughs) Nope, nope. What's your name? TD. (laughter) Oh, she lifted me up. Tell my story! (laughter) CB-ing? Very scared. Interested but scared. Nope. He's my best friend. I get to stay. I get to stay. They're putting headphones on. Oh, wow! The reverse whisper! Or should we just take our break here? Those are real hiccups, aren't they? Welcome back, Ashley. (laughter) Do we all need to leave? Dear Jarett, get me some drugs. Five gold. Oh, you there. Hello. You're still here? I have a headache. Oof. Rough night, huh? I-- I feel good. Different. Better. I feel-- wow. That Trish is-- she's a lot of woman. How'd you guys do? Yeah, it was something else. I mean, there's periods that I don't really remember but she was aggressive when she needed to be and gentle when she needed to be and-- I've read a lot about-- that-- and a lot of things I've read were true. I mean, the female form is mysterious and strange and-- there are curves and-- Smells and-- Oh, no. I-- I have experienced-- the pleasures of the flesh. I have now known a woman. It was outrageous. I didn't really know what I was doing, but she guided me, sometimes by force. But she was also gentle sometimes, and I get it now. I see the appeal. I understand. Women are soft and tender and (clears throat) they are not for me. (laughter) She was so strong, and I was so scared, and I really think-- (vomiting noises). (laughter) No, I see that. I see how people would find that-- They're so intricate and soft and I just feel like I think I know what I like now, and that was a worthy endeavor, and thank you, Pike for encouraging it, and Grog for setting me up. I know for sure, 100%. I am not going to do that ever again with anyone like her or anyone similar. No, my body is a temple and I wouldn't sully it like that. When she was finished with me, she let me curl into a ball. There was a valley between her pecs-- her breasts, I guess? And there was a nice little resting place right there that I laid my head for the night, and she draped her arms over me and they were like big sweaty blankets. And I needed to get up to pee in the middle of the night, but I couldn't, so I just held it. It was like being attacked by a bear. Have you seen The Departed? (laughter) Can we watch? You got this. Don't look at me. (laughter) Super explicit. Yep, yep. Find the thing, decide to do with the thing what you want to do. Super cool. Sniper, starring Billy Zane. Hunter's Mark. 67 total damage. "I don't speak English." Oh god, a tree falls. (whispers) Ask her name! (laughter) Nightmare on Elm Street. She better now! Or you can use your action to heal. Can you do anything to knock him prone or anything? Fenthras? Can't Fenthras do something? Double crit! I can't watch, I can't watch. (yells) Oh! Wait, is that true? Oh, okay, okay. Use Liam's! But this is her favored terrain! And she's great with money, and-- Oh look, she's back! Good night. We've all learned things from single moms today. (laughter) Is Conan coming? Is Conan O'Brien-- Welcome back, Ashley! Now you have to wait a year to play again. What if Matt sucks? What if he's awful?