I am Hotis! The rakshasa. And I cannot speak with my mouth hole. (growls) Why are you having trouble picking that up? I'm in another plane of existence probably. I wanted to say guys that this month's theme for Loot Crate is magic. And I don't have much planned for tonight, but I did learn a magic trick. I'm going to do a magic trick. It's my first magic trick I've ever done. And I don't have a deck of cards at home, so I'm going to use spell cards instead. I'm going to give it a little shuffle here. Oh, hey there, cowboy. Taliesin, can you give it a shuffle? Get ready for November's enchanting theme Magical! We've cast a powerful, ancient spell to deliver you this 100% exclusive crate. Featuring bewitching items from Doctor Strange, Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, Big Trouble in Little China. And more! Use the promo link lootcrate.com/criticalrole. I'm going to show Taliesin that these are, in fact, randomly shuffled cards. Can you please give the card deck a little cut anywhere you'd like. I'm going to look at this half of the card deck and it'll tell me what's in the other half of the card deck. Okay. I know, Taliesin, by looking at that, that the fourth card down is See Invisibility. The fourth card down is See Invisibility. Will be See Invisibility! The most magical part of this trick is is that it makes me a quadruple threat Actor! Singer! Professional Lover of Ladies! And now, Professional Magician. Thank you, Loot Crate. (cheering) My mouth hurts so much right now. This is what everyone should be getting this month. Ooh, a little pennant. My son will love that, big fan of the movie. These chopsticks are amazing. Can I enter the contest as this? Oh shit! Then I do not want to do that. (laughter) That's no fake hand! Are we going to do a Critical Role themed wedding? I'll start writing my Best Man speech. It'll be a song. Yes. Delivered in tiger makeup. Wait, we're in the Mansion right now? I mean we got to go back to Whitestone, right away? Is there anything else to do here? Is there anything to deliver, any piece of any body to take with us? Anything? We got everything already? Okay. Sure. Sure. Let's get out of here. All right. Keyleth! Cast your thing and let's get the fuck out of here. Does the town look like it's safe and intact? Okay, yeah. That's good. He's going to try a thing on her. She doesn't like it. Yes we did. Thank you, Asum. We saw her pretty recently. All right. Well then, until the meeting? We can kill him right here, right now! Good object work! I pull Percy aside and say, we can kill her right now. Well, we got to go to the treasury. And then what? Who do we need to check in with? Everyone, right? Gilmore and Kash and-- And what is this meeting? I know that we have to have a conversation with Asum. Yes, well, we like to talk. All right. Then we'll see what he proposes and take it from there. Is there a cold place in the treasure room? Wait, this hide is going to be cured, or smoked, or something, whatever you do. Stretched? Taliesin, what's the old fashioned word for the guy who does the hide stuff? A tanner! Thank you! But not like a fake-bake. We want a real tanner, right? Was that last sound the sound of Seeker Asum's bowels? Okay. After he dies, letting it all out? Break down the door. You're an archer. You mean do you have the gold? We should probably divvy it up, don't you think? No, but we should all replenish our personal-- Yes, yes, yes. 5000. We have hundreds. Do I have good credit? I've never misspent a single coin. Here's two of them right here. Shit! All right, all right. I'm going to give some back. Why don't you give me ten platinum. (chuckles) It's the same! It's the same! You're with us. You're with us. That's it? And give me 500 gold, as well. Of course. I need money. Great. That sounds good. (laughs) Give me 50 more platinum. Yes. Thank you. 11 platinum. I'm going to run off and try to find Jarett. Looking for Jarett. Good to see you too! What're you enjoying there? Oh, I thought it might be something, meat-based that you could have popped up a bit with your spice. I'll invite you over to my house some time, give you a proper chicken dinner. Wanted to check in on (lowers voice) the task we talked about? You know, the mission we discussed. I don't want to talk about it out in the open. But you know there was some illicit-- Items of medicine. Sent a request?! You're using other people? I trust you, I don't trust other people! (sighs) I don't have time. (sighs) I haven't picked it up. I'm trying to pick it up, damn it! It's the most difficult habit to pick up! Listen, can I confide in you, man to man, one on one, here? You're a fighter, you're a strapping young battle man, aren't you? I haven't felt myself recently. You know, we have these fights and some of them are pretty epic and there's monsters involved and I'm usually on my game, but lately I'm feeling a little off! How do you cope with that? Don't judge! Don't judge. I don't really do that much anymore. That is a very fair point, Jarett. You're not wrong. Like a fine instrument, it can go untuned. If you leave a fine violin without playing it for many years, it could wither and rot until you need to replace some of the parts. In a way, the same is true for my member. But the problem here, Jarett, is that I'm distracted. I'm distracted by things that haven't ever distracted me before. I've made a promise to someone to stay alive. I've never valued my own life before and when we get into the shit, I'm second-guessing things. I'm making stupid decisions that I wouldn't have otherwise made. Yes. I don't know how to harness that kind of stress. Do I have a keepsake? I don't think so. Well she's not around right now to get a keepsake from. How did you get so wise, Jarett? These are all good suggestions. But I'm a man of instinct, and my instincts said I need to supplement my body with some extra liquid courage. So if you can please continue to look for me. I've heard that it can help people in moments of panic and stress. I can handle a lot of things. Takes one to know one? I know. That's what worries me. I'll think about what you said. Maybe I'll go have a toss, see if that helps, too. Yes? You! That was clever. I will definitely get you back. Watch your back. Get me some drugs! Hi. I'm fine. One of our employees punched me in the face. You don't want to know. It wasn't the cooking cook. (growls) I will. I'll wash my face. Get to it. How are you doing? Yeah? That's good to hear. It's been a while since we had one of our depressing chats. You seem a little more chipper these days. Coming around to my perspective, are you? No! Not at all. Really? Do I know the fella? I want to hear details! Dirty, dirty details! Sweaty details! Oh yeah. I'll see you there. Game face on. Locker room talk. You look just like Allura right now. Thordak, from what I understand, is extremely powerful and influential. That Raishan dragon is a mere pittance in comparison. A small, exponential ant, a pawn, if you will, on the battlefield. How can we retrieve this information without going to Emon? That sounds crazy. Is there any way to not do that? I'm no master strategist, but we do have allies that we can call upon, and weapons, and men and arms and troops. However, taking the fight to Thordak in Emon seems foolhardy at best. I suppose this is where the intelligence could come into play. Is there some other place where we could go and try to take back from Thordak, to lure him away from Emon? So, if we go into Emon, we're facing fire giants, lizard people, and that's before we get to Thordak the Cinder King? Does Thordak covet any other territory, or city, or town? Vasselheim? Here? Anywhere that we can lure him to? What's another? The Ravenites would help. For a full frontal attack. While we bamf into the dragon's lair. But even getting to Emon, aren't we exposing ourselves to detection and attack? We're going to march several armies across the entire continent to get there? It'll take days. We can at least move people to, you know. Where's that town that was established? Westruun is close-ish, right, to Emon? But we can at least assemble there, from all the different territories, and then meet up, form a plan, and then march from there. Yeah. But then once we're there, what do we do? At the very least, should we send out some letters, alerting our allies that-- It's time to start stocking up and getting ready to move? The city is invisible. Maybe come up with a landing point as well. Well, soon. No, thank you. No, not the cube. It's a tenuous ally at best. Maybe we shouldn't discuss it until we're 100% sure about it. Oh Percy, no. Oh god, why? We're in crazy costumes. Oh god. And Raishan's about to leave. You can't put just this part on? I painted my entire body. It might help if Gilmore were to make sure everyone is on the up-and-up in this room. You can stop poking, Grog. Give her one more good poke. From her? We're going to do recon. We're going to send out word to gather our forces-- where? Let's find out, let's pick a place. Go stab everyone, Percy. One at a time. Maybe three. There's a time difference. When she does come back with Asum, this plan that we started in on-- it's a good one? Well, we have Raishan convince Thordak that we're amassing forces in Kymal or something. Thordak sends Raishan to get us. We "kill" Raishan. And then Thordak comes to check on our dead bodies? How can that plan fail? Raishan? Grog, your beard might go away. Okay. We don't really have a choice, we have to work with her to some extent. We can make it hard for her, and we can be assholes to her, and go tell her to get Asum for us. But other than that, we have to work with her. Because if we don't, she can destroy Whitestone whenever she feels like it. That's fine, if she ever gets close enough for us to kill her. Why would she need to come face to face with us in that plan, ever? She could say, "I'm going "to go meet them in Kymal. Oh, I died!" If we draw Thordak to us, at least we control the battlefield. She could still be lying in wait to pounce on his body the second we kill him. To do what, though? Sure. Of the Clasp? How on earth could we--? I don't think the secret to defeating Thordak is moving this thing. Sure there is! Kiki, get a fey creature in here. No, I think they just die. No. There's one in the Fire Plane. What are we doing, going after this Vestige when-- can any of us even use it? MARISHA and The Fire Plane isn't just like Dallas. It's a horrible place where we could all die. We're risking our hides for something that might benefit one of us, maybe. Little pixie! Hi, little pixie! Go in that room! Pixie's not a magical creature, I guess. Has magic, maybe. Isn't a magical being. Polymorph. Let's see if it goes to the other world. Any animals? I think that's a fucking terrible idea. What are you talking about? We can't lure a dragon into a teleportation circle big enough to get a dragon through, and then somehow assume that the dragon's going to keep running into the room with no magic? And then what are we also going to assume? That it's going to jump into the crazy Vecna circle and become a ninth level of hell after that? We have no idea! That's a terrible idea! I'm vetoing it. What, for us to lure Raishan-slash-Thordak to? Fort Daxio's near Emon. And so is Kymal. We should probably go check it out. But everyone wants to go to the Fire Plane, get some armor. It's going to be fine, Keyleth. After we kill Thordak and Raishan becomes super-powerful, Raishan will come here and get the Vecna orb and unleash all sorts of hells on the world, and then we'll know what it was! Yeah, I mean, we can't really do anything about it. Yeah. But what else are we saving them for? This is it. What else can we do? You can't heal the disease. We can't control this orb. There's nothing else we can do. The only thing else that we can do before we go to Daxio is to send word to our allies. I think we should grab Kash, send him out a quick list of who we need to contact. Ravenites. Feywild wolves. LAURA and That's by flute. Wait. What about our brotherhood of-- what do we belong to? Not the Clasp-- The Slayer's Take! We can get them too, right? We have money, we can hire them! We have a hundred thousand gold! Sure. Yes, this is what we've built towards. What did you think we were making allegiances for? Just to hang out with them? We need them to fight and die for us! We're going to be there too! Once we get there and survey the area, we can come up with a comfortable plan. You can make some caverns for them to hide in. We're just getting them in the right county. I go behind Keyleth and stab three times. (laughter) No! I would so lose. Right now, somewhere, there's a man on an airship going, "Do you see it yet?" Might I point out, Keyleth, that Raishan wanted us to go to Emon and face Thordak, and we are already not following that plan. How do we get there? We don't know of any trees there. Do we know anyone in Daxio? Can you scry there to find a tree? And don't share our carefully crafted plan with anyone. The details are so precise and exact! You must keep them secret. Hey, how about we go to Daxio, and then you guys can catch up? The airship arrives in a couple of days. On the morrow. Be pleased. LIAM and Come on, Loot Crate. Hashtag Critical Costumes!