Whoa, what's that say? Dagger, dagger-- jagger? Why would it say jagger? Oh, okay. Oh, oh yes. I've been voice directing this cartoon called Home, based on the movie Home with Dreamworks and they just announced today that it exists. So it's coming out in a week, and it's going to be really good. It's a really fun show. Zaniness. Kooky zany. Kooky zany. Big, bright colors. What do you mean last? You just started! Oh. But you're the best host. Yes, she's number one. Just tell me, am I one of the hosts? Just tell me when, and I will be probably be 20 minutes late. Key-leth? If I may. That's how it's spelled Key-leth. Are your people comfortable in these little huts and stuff, are we going to be safe tonight? Because I could assist us with slightly better shelter. With my magical... dalliances. It is. I could poop us a bed. Are we okay here, safely, or should I get us something special? With my dalliance. Yes, but their shelters are destroyed now, so. I have an alternative. I could do a bit of dalliancing. No, no, so I will take a minute and cast Mordenkainen's Magnificent Mansion. Can I enchant it with a little song or something? So I'll sing (singing) It's a sick house, it's mighty mighty, it's letting it all hang-- that's it. Would you like to come into my place? It's a little modest shack that I've been working on. No, no, it's a place where we can rest for the evening, totally safe and comfortable. It's on a slightly different plane from ours, so nothing can actually hurt us there or get to us. I haven't checked in a while. Actually, this is my first time doing this. It's totally safe, don't worry, don't worry. How many people can fit in there? It's pretty big. Everybody. How many are there? This is my place, all right? I don't want any riffraff in there. Listen, there's a guest list, there's a guy at the door-- Oh, really? The one with her face just sheared off? All right. Not really my type. I like full-faced people, but I'll take it, I'll take my chance. You know, if there's anyone from your immediate family that you'd like to give lodging to tonight-- okay, we'll take them all, we'll take them all in. We'll take them all in. Ashari people! Don't worry about your shelter for tonight. Let Scanlan Shorthalt take care of you, in every way, shape, and form imaginable. Come with me through this weird magic door into another plane. Believe me, it's going to be okay. Hi. I step in after her. Yes, I've made some changes to the place. Living quarters are upstairs, there's a kitchen, parlor, game room over there, billiards, all sorts of stuff. We have a music room. There are a hundred attendants who can wait on us. I've assigned some of them specific jobs. Five are going to play music for us wherever we want, especially during our meals. Oh, yes, yes, here. Are you attacking my attendants? They're my people! Jesus Christ-- Grog, Grog, easy. Easy. They're not ghosts, they're not ghosts. They are supernatural spirits-- some would say ghosts-- that are good, they serve us, they serve me-- They're slave ghosts. Well, no, they like it for some reason. I can command them to do literally anything and they like it. Watch this. Watch this. I call one over. You there, you there. Can you please braid my chest hair? Do you like this job? See? This is what I'm telling you. Thank you, you're dismissed. Back to the music room. You can tip me, I'll pass it out later. It never occurred to me to do this before, for some reason. No, this is a skill that I recently acquired. I would not hold out on you. This is a new skill that I've just learned, and I'm still making improvements to the house. You'll see that our dining room has a portrait of myself in it. Not the one that I had commissioned, but one that I had envisioned before. It's just me in a smoking jacket standing in front of a fireplace with me in a smoking jacket above it, Stephen Colbert-style. And we all have our own separate rooms. All of the beds are circular, they all have a mirror over them. Mine is a waterbed, so be careful. On we go to the rest of it! I am way ahead of you, Grog. I'm way ahead of you. As I said, there are 100 servants here. 50 of them are assigned to me and my own personal service. The rest are available to you in whatever capacity you'd like them. Rooms are all upstairs. There's individual rooms for all of us. Mine is at the end of the hallway, and is slightly bigger than the rest. You will find comfortable beds and things in every room. The two rooms next to mine are reserved-- One is for Pike, the other across the hallway is for Kaylie, just in case she ever drops by. Don't worry, it's not weird. Keeping her close to my heart. It's not super-duper-- fine, fine, forget it. When you have a daughter, you can worry about her as much as I do. Only invited. Once a day, but that's all we'll need, right? We could take a break. It does take a while to cast. It takes a minute to cast. I'd like to keep a few secrets, if you don't mind. Yes. I can bend my thumb all the way back. You know what, I totally forgot to build Trinket a place to sleep. No no, Kaylie's room is locked. Let me just think about this for a second. There's the third pantry. The third pantry could possibly work. It has some just mostly-- no, no, it's full, we can't use that. The front. The front hall. All right, yes, there's a whole basement area. It's a large space. It's for training and working with weapons. You can have five of them. Jesus! Ghost cow. What's going on over there? Muscle-ups. Is there a big thing that says WoD on it? Ooh, how did you do that? Weirdly, I'm doing the same thing upstairs. (laughter) We have a music room. I actually have a trombone. (sad trombone sound) Anything I can help you with, Vex? Should we retire to my room for this? (excited gasp) I was not expecting that. I run up to my room to make sure that everything's neat. Light a bunch of candles. I'm lying in bed. Black satin sheets. Oh, I forgot you were coming! I should warn you, we're not alone. And I look over to the five musicians and I ask them to strike up a little-- Little bossa nova. Whatever. It's, you know, it's my special place where I like to come and think about philosophy and life. Well, many people do. (gulps) It goes up and down a bit. It's a water bed. Is that-- Did we see that before? What did you do? You took Gern's magical broom? Oh my gods. Because it flies? What is it with you and flying? I could make you fly. Yes, that's right. I will try. I will examine the broom and make some sort of check on it. Oh, that's not good. 14. I don't. Can I examine it to see if there's any markings, any hidden anything on it? Investigation. 21. Common, Gnome. Pig Latin. You don't see the words, though. There's some words here that might be a clue to the code word. Basically, we need to find the code word. What do we know about Gern? Did you try the others? Coral? Carol? You probably need to hold it. I don't either. Try On Coral! On Carol! On Stimpy! On Fatty Arbuckle! I can't read the words. I point it out to her. Weirdly, you are not the first floating chick I've had in my bed. But that is amazing! You're flying! Nope. You owe me nothing. That's what friends are for. I shake her little elf hand. Okay. As high as they can be on the top floor. You're going to have to remember that now. I instruct the band to start playing Flight of the Bumblebee. Oh, shit. You look great up there. But you should not have stolen that! He was our friend! He helped us! We should do something to repay the debt! We can't possibly find him now. If we can't help him, you're going to have to help someone else to make up for the lost karma. Perhaps I will pick someone for you to help someday. To repay us both. All right. I will mark that down. All right, guys, it didn't work, you can go. It's nice in here. Phillip! Phillip! Waffle presses. Eat! Drink! You're looking delighted and delightful. Sure, sure. There's mimosas, there's-- Breakfast beer? Sure. There's milk from a cow with a broken nose. It'll be fine. When we leave this place, all these people die, anyway. I don't know. We'll leave Trinket, and then we'll try it again, and if Trinket's still here, we'll know. It's just-- no? All right. We'll leave the broom and see if it's still here. Oh, Vex, is there something you'd like to admit to the rest of the group? They'll see you use it sooner or later. Gern, our friend. I think we should hear Vax's opinion of this. Did we steal that? I thought it was just a-- That's true. Sure. Watch your eyes. Watch your eyes. I start eating. A moving target! There's lots of chickens, by the way. Tinker? Oh, no, she's day drunk again. Keyleth, Vex swore to me that she would only use it for good. I think you broke through. Oh, look, look! Another round of chickens has just arrived for us to eat. I don't know what breakfast is, so I just keep commanding them to make chickens. What is our next-- Shoot, I kept a to-do list for us, but I didn't bring it tonight. Oh. I thought you were going to say something. That was a belch? Does that make her the leader or something? Is that how all the dragons got through? I'm still not quite sure. As a dragon? Did they say anything about her goals, or motivations? Her ambitions? To Emon. Kill everybody. So perhaps we should inquire if you think this-- Raishan? Has tried to pretend to be a human woman in any other place? Should we ask around, or was it just the one ruse here to gain entry for her companions? All right. Well, don't trust anyone. Keep it coming. I forgot to tell them to make them. Sorry. It's all chicken. Oh, waffles too? Chicken and waffles, that's right. Maybe someone else should be in charge of the food next time we come here. My tastes are a little-- Singular. No, I just came up with the chicken this morning when I woke up. Grog had some brass knuckles to get. Was that a thing? Did we get those? All right. Wait, did we have to go make a trip to anyone else's homeland? How's Whitestone? Oh, that's right. Maybe that should be our next-- And what were we trying to get there? Another one of the articles of confederation? Okay, but then there's the sphinx. What's that, Vax? So it's Grog's herd or the sphinx to get something. On the way. And then, or, TBD, find something else to do. I guess Grog's thing is the most promising. We know that there's Knuckles there, we know that there's people we'll know there. Is Frostweald near Kraghammer as well? And that's in the direction of both Grog's herd and the Frostweald? Yeah, we should probably go there. Let's do that. You think they'll attack us? But we're with you! You're our ally! We do? Of course you can borrow my hat. You could wear this hat. Might not fit on your head, you could maybe put it on one of your knuckles. If you're too scared to do it, we can go elsewhere. Sorry, I will never say that again. We all hold up our hands. It seems to me that no matter where we go, we are putting ourselves in peril. So it's really just a question of which peril do we want to face first. I thought Odessa's boyfriend had a vestige. We can instantly transport anywhere. So sphinx first. Say no more. All right. Let's go to the sphinx, then. Where's that? The Frostweald, we've been there. Do you remember any trees there? We'll never know. Let's go to the Frostweald. Do you remember any trees? Or we could just go to Westruun. Is Westruun still there? We spent a whole day in that park. You need a signal boost. And how far are we now? A day's travel? Two days' travel, you said? We're not very fast in mist form, are we? Are we? Like a day. I haven't done this before. Is it freaky? Is it super freaky? All right. Three! I'm still thinking about, what were those big gashes in the ground back there? Oh, I'm reverting, too. I'm a follower. 29. We're all good. Who has your daughter? Beasts? What beasts? And that spot that we saw, just outside of town, that's where gold is given to the dragon? Do you know anything of that? Wait, what? To do what, to attack half-orcs that work for a dragon? The orcs? What, what? You'll be okay. We're going to keep going. Good luck. No, we have to keep going. We can't face these goliaths and dragons and orc guards! This is craziness! I mean, we'll be fine. No, you're using way too many prepositions. Were there six of them? Where's the guard? Can we see him? Wait, he was about to tell us who it is. It always works and it catches whoever you want! What's wrong? Like a used car lot? Wait, what? How do you have all these things? You killed him. Was he related to you in some way? You're using too-big words. What would be our mission? You killed this one quite easily. I'm going to check out his body. See if there's any booty on his body. I'll leave all his human teeth, I'm not gonna take that shit. Are we going to do anything to the rest of them? We can all mist and go into the city and check it out. It doesn't matter if they see us, they can't do anything to us. You can stay behind. As Grog. Why don't you all go in, I'll stay back with Grog. 93. Just massage each other. Yes, the best of mates. I wasn't aware that you knew what that word meant. Yes? Like, talking-talking, or you just-- Do you see a mouth on it or anything? All the time? Okay. No, Grog, I'm not. Try one more time. Sure! That's a good idea, actually! Can I hold the sword? How big is it? Can you hold the top part and I'll just hold it by the handle, the hilty-part? Okay. Grog, hand me the sword. I don't hear it, but maybe if you handed it to me, I could. Do I believe him? Not good. Not good! Seven! Grog, you want to give me the sword. And I will cast Suggestion on him. I haven't used it in a while, and I don't have my thing. Well, 18, if I'm not using my thing. Well, it's heavy. Oh! I talk to it? Oi, Craven Edge. Have you been talking to my friend Grog? No. Craven Edge? How do I prove I'm worthy? I don't think I can. I don't think I want to. So I think I'll try to give the sword back to Grog. Is this magic? Well, it's fine. Natural 20. Take this back, will you? Yes, it did. It's very compelling. I don't know if you should have this, Grog. All right. I won't tell anyone. But I might have to ask some questions about this. Does it tell you to kill things? A lot? I know it does, it just told me to kill something. Does it tell you to kill things? Yeah! We should not tell the others about this. This is very strange. They might freak out. I'm going to ask about this. When next we see Pike, I'll ask her about it. Find out if it's good or bad or neutral. Because I don't know anything about this. Right, I don't know anything about this? 12. Yeah, I don't know. Don't know anything about this. I'll do some investigating. In the meantime, try not to kill anyone in our party. If it tells you to. Well. Okay. Let's just keep this between us. Just like that time in Emon when we-- --double-teamed-- Yep! It was a-- Nothing happened here. How was your trip? There's a central stronghold of some sort? Is it a fortress? It's a house? And if we were to make our way into it, somehow, what would our mission be? We could take out that guard, what was his name, Cole or something? Well, we could find one of your goliath friends, hold them hostage, and draw out Kevdak that way. We could do some sort of a diversion, set a fire or something that would draw them out. Or set a fire to the house they live in. Do you want to march in there, solo, while we stealth-- No, no, while we all stealth around in the rooftops watching, ready to act. Tell us this. If we walk in with you into town, is that not good? Should you walk into town alone and we lurk in the shadows? You don't want to do this now? It seems like now or never! We may not know where he is after this. Do we still have mist possibilities? Could have taken them.