We're releasing a special 50th episode wallpaper all for you guys to use on your home PCs. Download it! It's our special episode; I thought everyone was dressing up. You all look like shit! Where are all the other places they could wear it? With a goat? It's this content that you've demanded. (laughter) Posters? What's a poster? You've already offended an entire continent. It's amazing. We're in a comic book. We did it. Some pictures have been, but not all of it. Those seem really remarkable, Liam. Is there anything any bigger? Yeah, Pike, are you alive? He only healed a couple of us. Oh shit. Now it's going to steal his strength. Don't we have our cold pack of food? Love me some chicken. Wow, he's a big eater. That was a lot. That was a whole boar. If we're rested, are we going to set off again? Be honest. He's exhausted. What is it? (yells) Yeah, yeah, yeah. Heal, heal, heal! Don't-- Don't break it. His soul could be inside of it I touched the sword, it spoke to me, it craves strength from other beings Don't break it. You could try to do Greater Restoration on the sword to see if that would somehow free the soul from it or-- The sphinx-- yeah. We could go to the sphinx. Learned? Can I inspire her? Okay. I just hold her hand and I look in her eyes and I just say, "Please, Pike, please. Please. I love him as much as you do. Please." Have I already aided by inspiring Pike? But I can't help again? The sword seems to want power and strength. I don't know if it will help, but maybe if we gave Grog some extra strength it might help him to come back, so. I have a Potion of Fire Giant Strength. He has no abilities now, though. So I'm going to pour this Potion of Fire Giant Strength into his gullet. Hope it gives him some sort of strength. Okay. 18. Because it's not good. Strength check?! He's got 25 strength now! He's going to crush my neck. (gasps) Nothing. Gave you some ale. Nope! I'm not sure. I'll do a perception check to see if it's-- 17. Oh my god. Where's your sword, Grog? Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Yeah, he let him have it. Grog, listen, when I experienced the sword, it was pretty cool, and it is a powerful, powerful weapon, but after seeing what it's just done to you, I don't think you can have it, man. We? It was you, Pike. I've touched it before and it was fine. I can touch it again. It sounded evil. And also awesomely powerful. I didn't know what it was. And I wasn't alone in this; I had asked Pike to weigh in and she was thinking about it. Doing more research. Vax, I assume you have secrets you haven't told us. The weird part is it's not in his crotch area. And that's only for a minute. Does, DM, does Suggestion last forever or just for a little amount of time? You can banish something forever? What else lives there? We could throw it in the sphere. Vecna would get it, right? Something tells me you won't be wielding it. I'm going to inspire her again. I'm going to sing a very romantic ballad. (sings) Oh my little pretty one, my little pretty one, Pike the Gnome-a, oh you make my nipples hum, my nipples hum, oh you make my nipples hum, Pike the Gnome-a. (laughter) I know. You also have inspiration if you need it. Wait, it's not at night, it's the middle of the day. Shouldn't we start walking? MARISHA and I just think we should make headway if we're going to be traveling all day. Grog, do you even have any weapons anymore? I could lend you my whip if you'd like. She already has plate armor. Well, I think you just cured Grog, saved his life, and got rid of a soul-eating sword, so you're pretty strong. You killed the sword and saved Grog's life, so I think you're pretty strong. You guys can sleep wherever you want. I'll be sleeping in my bed. Yeah. We do have it. Oh, do we know? Are we aware that we went under that effect, I mean we just feel different, or how do-- You can do multiples? Wait, are we in the mansion or are we-- Chicken and eggs, everyone! Nope, just eggs. What's a waffle? Sounds great. I spent some of the morning just with a little piece of parchment paper and a pen, just writing out something. We walk, is that what we do? What is this walking thing? It's terrible. I mean, will that burn something? Let's just walk, then. Someone just failed it. Pike! 11. Did your brother make it back safely? Don't go too hard on him, he was being held up by a rope and tortured by a bunch of monsters. Do we need to check in with Drez? No, we know what he wants. We have his Hunk of Quall. Heal her! To Westruun. And what is our mission? How do we do that? You know, your people might not be the brightest, but they're not going to send everybody out to meet these orcs. I could make you look like an orc or something. No no no, just to rough up the guy that we send back in to tell them about the orcs. Yeah, yeah, make a show of it a bit. I love a good stage show. I will grant you cock lightning. If he could unattune to one, we can put him in the Hat of Disguise. And so the object of this would be to stall, to enthrall, to captivate them as long as you can, keep talking to them, not engage in fights for as long as possible while we-- Yeah, but is Kevdak going to engage in a fight with a magical Grog? That's not a fair fight, is it? And when they discover, and they surely will, that you are not magical and that your friends are aiding you, will that bring you great shame? I don't know about wanting to look cool, it just comes naturally. So you do intend to engage in a fight. Because otherwise I would say, I can go in, just sort of looking like you, and draw their attention. And then bamf outta there. Or run away and draw them with me. It gets them to follow me. It still doesn't solve one question. I love you, but can you beat Kevdak without magic and friends? That means good. Come on, Pikey. 20. 16. Can we go to that place? Can we sneak there, can Vax sneak there? What was the man's name who we killed? No no no, the goliath. Vax, can you go get Horace's head? Also, I assume they tortured him before they killed him. Can you talk to the dead? Not really. Not really. Why don't we just burn the whole field? They won't know if there's a body in there or not. We could. Let's do it. I think we can all ask. Can he describe the one who did it? Hi. Sorry. The ones who did you in. Other than large and pale, were there any distinguishing marks or names thrown about? This was who? Go ahead. We can wait another day. How many more questions? No, we get five. What would you like us to tell your daughter? Well listen, if you want a fight, we could still use one of their heads. We could find one of those patrolmen walking around, grab him, take his head. TALIESIN and Grog. Just before tomorrow and stuff, Kevdak. His son is-- Zanror. Sure, sure. Standard spelling. What about anyone else I need to know about? Who you were familiar with or had a relationship with? All right, so, we're still resting, right? So I'm going to knock on Pike's door. (knocking sound) (whispers) I can still get in. Hello. Did you get your robe and everything and your slippers? The monogram? And the scented candles? Great, great. If you need anything, there's two bells next to your bed, there's one to call servants and there's one for me. The purple one is mine. Great. Listen, there's been a lot of death recently and, well, just, I might die and stuff so, ah. Just don't read this until I do. That's all. I hope so, too. That's all. Have a good night. Bye. You know what? I love her anyway. (laughter) It's all dick pics. (laughter) Move on? Move in? Oh, for them to move on. Want to go in? Want me to guard the door? She's going to go take a shit. No, she doesn't. You want me to go in, draw out as many as I can, but wait, no, first we have to prepare a trap, don't we? Isn't there a trap to be prepared? You need to be inside the city gates as well. While I'm in, you can build the trench. Go in and what? Hmm, that would be harder. Yeah, that would be harder to do, to pull off, you're big. You're pretty big. If someone else set me on literal fire, I could, but I wouldn't-- Spitballing, spitballing. I was going to make myself look like you, but a dead version of you. A zombified Grog. (Grog voice) Right. So. Right so I'm. Ugh, I'm so dead. No, no, I just have to warm up, ah, mimimimi, right, right, rrrr. Cor, all right then, I've been dead for about five, six years. Wait, can't you just shape earth without affecting the surface of it, I mean, can't you just shape the underneath of it? No one will even see it being moved. We have a bear. So, wait, is there a gate to the city? (laughs) What the hell's going on there tonight? I don't know what Grog's dad looks like. Of course. How could I forget? (laughter) What was your dad's name? That's a terrible name! Okay, but wait. I've got to bring them out of a specific gate where there's going to be a trap and if you go in and rescue any other civilians, you have to bring them out through a different gate that doesn't have a trap at it. Okay. All right. I'm ready to do this except for a few holes in our plan. I don't run very fast. (laughter) I can't move myself, though, I couldn't just, I would be the Dread Pirate Roberts. But if I am Polymorphed as a goliath, would I gain their-- all their abilities and-- Intelligence? It can't be a man? He's not a beast, that guy? Oh, well I don't have that. Oh, I have the hat, but it doesn't make me grow, does it? Well, backup plan, I can go in as dead Reginald. They killed him, they just killed him, Kevdak's son killed him, Kevdak's son knows who he is. Sure he does, they just killed him two days ago. I can, I remember all of them because I barely kill anybody. My illusions are small in size. I mean, I could just go in as hey, I'm Mr. Scanlan, come chase after me. Are they going to chase after a triceratops, though? I can make an image of that. I can do that. I can make the head move. I wouldn't need to be the head, I mean, I can't make my body look like a head. I can make the illusion of a head talking. Wizard of Oz-style. It would be within 60 feet of me, I think. Minor Illusion, I guess. I know. Because he has Minor Illusion as well. I could also do-- these goliaths, they don't like wyverns. I could be a wyvern. It's not a beast, apparently. A wyvern is a beast? Huh? I cannot be a wyvern. Yeah, how are you going to be the bait? Yes, I can do that too, and I can escape. You can't. I mean, I can try. Might be shit. How are you going to hide? That's why you're going to send Pike with me. No, I'm just kidding, I would never. That would make me feel quite nice. And we know Westruun. And I know how far away from the center of town are we-- I go invisible and start walking into town. Hey, can you cast Pass Without a Trace on me? Okay, good. I'm just going to walk in, straight into town. With advantage. So 16 plus-- Plus two. So 28. All right, I'm going to go into the-- just the center. We had a scouting party go in and see that-- yes we did, yes we did. It was the center of town, and that's where the key people were around, milling about. An hour. 13. 19. Nothing. Oh, shit. Fuck, he knows I'm there, I got to keep going. I got to keep going, yeah. Yeah. (laughs) Yeah. Appendix Subappendix Westruun. Are there any people? Guards? Goliaths? Okay. So I'll just quickly-- are you guys ready? Yeah, but I'm in the center of the city. Do you know what the range is on that? Two miles. Yeah, I walk fast. So much. So much. Yeah, I go over to where the most people are congregated. I position myself about seven feet away from them. And I cast Thunderwave. Thunderwave. Oh, is it spell? 20. 2d8? No, it's-- oh, that's, you're right. 11 plus something? No, I guess it's just 11. No, no, I'm still invisible. It's not a concentration spell. Oh, fuck. Casts a spell? Even though it's a concentration spell? What? Oh well, I'm fucked, then. (laughter) No. I can cast it at a greater level, but no, I don't have Greater Invisibility. Hi guys. Hi. 16. Fuck! This is not the plan! (mock-crying) At least I know that Pike didn't read the letter, though, so I'm okay. (laughter) Okay. I'll Dimension Door into the house where the guy's eyeballs were. The house where I saw the guy who was peeking and saw me, he saw me, I'm going in there. 500 feet. Was that long ago or recently? The guy who saw me as invisible. Yes, I could. I could. Okay, okay. This is exciting, this is so exciting, nothing's working. Okay, yes, I will go toward it 500 feet. It's going great, guys. Well, they haven't caught up to me, right? I'm going to go again, Dimension Door into the temple. That's me. That's all you can think about? They're going to fucking save my life. Matt, though, but what are we going to do with the minutes while we're not on camera right now? How do we fill the airtime?