What-- I, yeah, I prepared a bit. That's pretty much it. Now, I'm gonna need a little quiet, because we've gotten a lot of feedback from fans, and so, this new feature we're gonna roll out. We're gonna have a telephone number that people can call and complain to, so I just wanted to-- I think I can use this mic if everyone can be quiet. I'm gonna just record our outgoing message for the-- the new phone line that we're setting up right now. So stand by. Thank you for calling Critical Role customer support. We value from your feedback and want to improve your experience. If you're calling to argue against one of Matthew Mercer's many, many rule violations, press one. If you're calling to cry because Ashley Johnson isn't on this episode, mash your forehead into your number pad repeatedly. If you're calling to lodge a complaint about Marisha Ray or the character of Keyleth, or how nothing she ever does is cool, press three. You will be given five minutes to rant and don't worry. Your message will make Marisha feel like shit within 24 hours. Quiet, guys. If you would like to complain about the technical aspects of the Twitch stream, please hang up and call 1-800-hashtag W-E-K-N-O-W. If you are offended by something Sam Riegel said on the stream, you can go fuck yourself. Thank you for your support. Okay, that's it. Uh-huh. - For sale? - Amazing. - Huh? - Bring on the catharsis! We're not out, we're not out. So, it was worth it. Thordak's blood? Geez, Louise! Patrick Rothfuss. Whoo! Another campaign going on. lots of campaigns have just briefly touched. Yeah, I sort of moseyed my way back to the beginning-- to the opening of the lair, like, where I had tossed the flute. He can watch. They can watch, they can watch, they can watch. I've had a... Not a great day, Devo'ssa. Thank you for coming. For answering our call. I just need a second to myself if you don't mind. Maybe just turn a wing? (laughter) Are they talking in their language, the Marquet language or-- No, no, I'm just curious. Exciting. - One third. Oh, yeah, I just-- This is some, some healing herbs that I got. I put it away. (laughter) Alright, I'll whip it out again. (laughter) Oh, not good. - Six! - No effect? Okay. I take out the flute. I pack some in the front of it. (laughter) I'm taking another third and I'm packing it in the front of the flute. I will dip a torch into a bit of lava to light it. (laughter) And I am going to bong rip from this ancient brass flute. (laughter) Constitution saving-- - Not good. (laughter) -Eight. - Here we go, here we go. Three. This is everything. (laughter) PCP. It was laced. Oh, that's nice. Am I having any sort of dream, Matt? I have a porn book that they might find. Get your hands out of my pockets. Wait, first. Are you real? (laughter) Is this a hallucination? - We've had a very rough day. How do I feel, Matt? Rejected it. -Hmm, interesting. - I was shaken by today's events and there was a lair action that knocked me unconscious. - I mean, there was a trap set by Thordak previously to his death that knocked me unconscious? Herbs, give it to me! Thirty-two. (laughter) I'm shaken, guys, I'm sorry. I'm-- I'm not myself. I appreciate your concern but what the fuck, Vax? Why did you just charge in after Raishan like that? See how I did that? (laughter) Next time, will you please tell us? Well, you almost got me fucking killed, alright? That's even worse than almost being killed. Yeah, but we're your backup. You don't go in without your backup. You've done this so many times at this point. You've got to wait for your backup to go. - Listen! I will do anything that you want me to do. I will kill Kerr right-- hi, Kerr, by the way. I will kill him dead right now if you want me to. That's how much you are my brother. You need to trust us and tell us what you're doing. Kerr, no offense. I have little legs. I know. That's true. Man, we really did fail though. Well, it is. - What's Scooby Doo, man? Listen, I get it, I know. I know why you acted and I probably would have done the same thing had I been closer, but just next time, give us some sort of a heads up, alright? We have a code word and everything. I'm sorry too. I have a piece of paper? ♪ Can I read it? Does it exist? - What is it? ♪ To me? Alright. And I just fold it up and put it one of my pockets that seem to have been messed with. Well, I'll just sit there and think for a while. Would you-- would you like-- You lent me this symbol, this necklace. Necklace? Symbol. Would you like it back? No, I don't I don't think so. Maybe. As terrible as this day has been, there is some gold at the end of the tunnel. Want to go check it out? You befriended us! Just like us to do this, we trust everybody! God, we're idiots! I take a little potion. Oh, shit, that's true. Immovable rod. - Who has ours? - Why don't we use that more? Oh, it's a movable one, not an immovable one? I don't know what it is. How dare you. I'm checking to see if there's any more in the flute that didn't get burned. - Good to know. Oh, good to know, you all die. He's turning more pages, why? Why more pages? You should only be on one page. Why would he need to be on multiple pages? (cross talk) Why are there more pages, Matt? We should pull the other cards to see what swords they'll make. This is a deck of weapon cards. It's a cool weapon. Does anyone know what these are? I'm gonna look at it and just see if I happen to know anything about it. I don't know anything about it. I rolled a 12, do I know anything about it? Can they make bad things? And do you know what activates them, just looking at a card? Let's keep it. Next time I go back to casino, I'm taking that with me. Sixty eight. Another flying carpet. Does it say how much weight it can hold? How big is Grog? Grog can get on that and go hit things. That's a good find. - Not great. - Real, real bad. Platinum is worth ten gold? I'm taking 200 platinum for myself. Vex, there are six, there are seven of us. Maybe we should take a bit more. Dude, that's a million dollars. Why, the city is secured. Wait a second. Don't we owe The Clasp half of this? What does that mean? I don't think they would view it that way. I think we're going to make an enemy out of them by doing this. What like 5,000, is that what you're saying, half of, half of what we take? How does this work? That's nothing to them. We promised them untold riches. They'll take everything. Hand deliver, we don't want them coming here at all. Five thousand platinum. If we want them to be our allies, and not hate us and try to kill us, we have to give them a good amount of money. Yes. I agree. That's not how they're gonna see this. So we're turning over the city and the city's treasury to a bunch of thieves. The Clasp? They're down the hallway. They're in the sewers 1,000 meters from here. T-shirt Regardless, I agree with Grog. (laughing) The military, we can put them in charge of this. There's a visiting army. Yeah, we can put them in charge of it, at least temporarily. They can be trusted. Forgot about that. Well, we won't need to if we're there. She was looking for the third book of the trilogy of Patrick Rothfuss-- (laughing) It couldn't be found anywhere! Why can't I find this fucking book? (laughing) Mhm, Whitestone. I think--wait, Raishan was supposed to take Asum somewhere. Did we ever-- did that ever happen? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Solo. - The Marisha Ray Story. For the dice. - Yeah, it is. Hespit Archipelago? Well, that could be it too. - So those are two different stories, two different-- Are a-sea. - What is that thing? - You always look dashing, but you have a new added dashing feature to your forehead right now. - Oh, that seems fine, okay. (laughing) - What power? A dancing sword? - I start playing a ditty. (imitating instrument playing) - ♪ Dancing sword ♪ ♪ Feel the-- ♪♪ Maybe it has to lead, Grog. (crosstalk) (laughing) Take it to dinner. - On its own? - That's what I'm doing right now. Is here taken care of? And do we need to stop in on our home, our keep, and do anything there before we leave? For old time's sake. - You couldn't get all of us, -right, I mean-- - But like Jarrett, and Kima, and Gilmore-- - Are we going now? - We're not even gonna go to our keep for a little bit. -Did we go there? - All right. Might I just-- - So we are now stiffing The Clasp. - Handsome reward. - Please let them know that we vouched for them. Not gonna go through the-- need anything from your rooms or anything? - Change of underwear? - Jump in. - We led a rebellion and I was the general, it was amazing. - Yup. - Secrets! Vex. - It's just us for now. -I think-- - They never gave our airship any instructions. I guess it's just roaming the countryside. Oh, and we don't need to-- well, do we need to keep the force field up around the city anymore? Before we part ways with Jarrett, I'd like to pull him aside a little bit. I know, I know. I just wanted to thank you for your efforts, and, you know, it really meant a lot to me, and I'm gonna cast an eighth level modify memory on you. (laughing) - Yeah. (crosstalk) No, it would not be subtle, -so I cannot do the hand cone. - When he delivered the suude to me, I thanked him for it and I went into a-- I'm implanting this memory in his head. I told him why I needed it so badly, and it was a very sad tale of how a goblin killed my mother and the image haunts me to this day and I can't get through a night-- I can't function without some sort of sustenance. He felt terrible for me and vowed to get me more, much more. (laughing) And at that time, I gave him 50 platinum. Which he finds in his pocket now, because I gave it to him. And he feels for me. - I broke down and he's never seen me break down like that. - In his mind anyway. - That's that. You know how to help. (laughing) That's all I ask. Rest well, Jarrett, thank you for your brave battle. You should've seen me. I did. We gotta speed this up! (laughing) What is our list, 'cause, I mean-- so here's what I got on my list. It's not very long. Bury a hand in Vasselheim. Oh, what was the hand? Oh, return the hand to Marquet. Return hand...Marquet. - Bury ashes in Vasselheim. -Find Opash, go to-- - Go to Wildmount. - Is that the same thing? - Well, what--which one do we do? Uh-- - Oh, the little boys! Where are they-- where did we leave them? - Oh, okay. Any other to-do list items? Is there another one? - Wait, he can come back? - Well, we can't do anything about that. Uh, more than 20--23. We've done something on our to-do list. We also found you a replacement flying carpet. (laughing) If you'd like it. Although we could use it in our battles to come. It's really a tacky color, though. - Notes--there's some notes to go through. More Lava, Keyleth. Door made of lava. There's also dragon babies. He makes wagon hitches, all right? -Listen! - He's a simple man! He's a great wagon hitch maker. I don't think that she's trying to reanimate Thordak. I think she's trying to probe him for knowledge of some sort. - She's trying to probe his dead body. Do you--what if we-- would it help you to scry if we gave you some blood of the thing that we're scrying on? Keyleth, don't you have some spell where you say the name of a place and it shows you the way there or something? No, you can only scry on a person. But no, don't you have like a directions spell? - What does that do? ...you're looking at some leaves and trees. Beard got in the way. (indistinct speech) (laughing) She needs to do the spell! She's so strong! She's amazing. She's immune to alcohol. Oh, yeah, let's do this. ♪ And the line where the sea meets the sky ♪ ♪ It's blinding ♪♪ (laughing) Palm trees? Trippingly off the tongue. - To what end? - I have nothing. I can't die, Vax. I've already died once today, I can't do it again. And she could leave. I can't camp on the island, I don't have the mansion. I used it in the battle, fuck off. (laughing) That's enough to kill a dragon. Pike is out! I have one fifth and one fourth. No, two fourths. Power. - You wanna go now? She won't be expecting us at all. She won't be expecting us at all. We'll still have the element of surprise, she won't have a lair to defend. She won't have any other fire giants to protect her. You have a dancing fucking sword. We don't even know what she is. -Didn't you see a woman? - Then at dusk... - Yes. (mixed remarks) Instead of fighting, we're going to sleep. I don't wanna die. - I'm so much more than a dude. (laughing) Someday. Bangs! (stammering) I'm in my room... ♪ I am taking Vax's letter and ripping it in half and burning it. And I'm packing my pipe for the morning. (mixed remarks) (barking) I love the dog alarm!