Yeah. Clever. Wait, what, Matt? Two sponsors? Oh, Taliesin has it on his iPad right there! You know, guys, I always do a little fun Loot Crate thing, but this week I'm not going to be doing the Loot Crate announcement. This week, my new character that I've been workshopping, Brody Slater! Of Malibu, California is going to be doing the Loot Crate ad. I've been workshopping this, I've been doing some acting coach work with it. It's a showcase for Loot Crate, but it's also a showcase for my acting. (laughter) I mean, we're versatile actors, and I just want to showcase that to the people! Definitely. So many announcements. It's all Debbie Gibson. I did? No, I haven't. I will tonight. I'll go down to Spotify, or Geek and Sundry, or wherever you get them, and-- Of course I did! I listened to mine. (laughter) My best friends, who I support, by showing up! (laughter) Have you done it yet? More and more and more and more. And it's perfect for when we play all the other Dungeons & Dragons Twitch shows in our softball league! A lot happened. A lot happened in that break. That's small picture. We're big picture. Instant for us. Or a teleportation circle. Yes, but we do have to rally with your pops, and also didn't we cut loose 55 soldiers to wander free in the desert from Daxio? They're just going to form up? Right. But can we scry and figure out where this other army is? Maybe we'll go there? Or maybe we should scry on our old keep and go there. Those seem like two good locations. Sure, but we've told the approaching army nothing about any plan whatsoever. And strategize when we get there? Once we see their forces, and what they have to offer? All right. Do you want to go talk to Gilmore, Vaxy-poo? A painter? To paint our exploits? I have a man at a casino that I really need to get revenge on. All right. But we should bring any potions. How we doing on potions? Did you ever divvy up our last several potions? Is that true? I know, an airship! Oh shit, where's our airship? To where? Did we say Emon, or did we say Daxio? Thank God. We're sending it to a dragon instead of a fort on fire. All right. Besides gathering our forces here, gathering our potions here, and telling Gilmore, where are we going? Let's put it to a vote, as we always do, democratically. Grog? Grog, where would you like to go? To the army waiting just outside of Emon, or to our old ratty keep with nothing in it? Okay, putting it to a vote. Three choices. Ready? To your dad, to our keep, or to Vasselheim. I don't know why, but it's been mentioned. We don't have a plan! Lead us, O Mighty Vex. So they're going to create a diversion for us? We have to communicate this to them. But now they're a little bit overweight and they work in an Applebee's. Yeah. So we have a clear plan, then? Where are we going? That's all I care about right now. Yeah, but we'll be together, and I don't think that I'll die. Last time I looked in, there was some movement, or it looked like people had recently been there. Nope, they're off somewhere else. Sure. We've got to get there first and suss it out, too. We haven't done any recon. This army of your father's, we have no idea how big it is, if they have archers, if they have an elite SWAT team task force-- If we know we have an elite SWAT team task force, we can take them down with us into the sewers! Also, if we do any recon, we might know that oh, there's a big thing we need to have taken out before we can even get in. What if our keep is being surrounded? Can you scry on a dead thing? Do we have anything like that at our keep? DVR it. Yeah, sure. Wow, fortuitous. Good scry. How's my comic book collection? Is it still there? Who? Little guy? I'd like to be the shortest on this trip, please. Oh. When we walk near his residence, let's walk around. I know why you want him to come. Would you prefer me to go? We do have a rapport. Oh, I need to go see Jarett. (laughter) I just want to see Jarett. He's our most solid ally, and most dependable friend. He's been there for us in our time of need. I feel like it would be a big pick-me-up to see him. (laughter) Splitting the party five ways. This is where the live studio audience is supposed to applaud. (laughter) Ladies and gentlemen. (cheering and applause) This is just how the Patrick Rothfuss conversation went. I'm going to give a seat just to my cup, because we have the space here to do it. 18. 28. Friend Jarett. Just coming to check on my main man J-money. It's J, right? You're right. Well, it's going to be quite a fight. Can we count on you to come with us, perhaps? We would be honored to have you with us, and as you are still technically our employee, there'll be a bonus for you at the end of it. Oh. Yes. I wasn't aware there was a-- yes. Two bonuses. You deserve all of them. The other thing that we had talked about, did that ever come to fruition? Oh. Oh, we're speaking in code. Okay. Yes, I need a lady so bad, and you were going to find me a date. So. Is she a brunette? Okay. I don't know how long to keep the cover going. Suude? Wait, are you a cop? You have to tell me if you're a cop. Are you a cop? Okay, good. All right. How much do I owe you for this? Jarett, thank you for this. Thank you very much. And I'm cool and all, but do you put it up your butt, or snort it, or do you burn it somehow, or wrap it in something, or eat it? I'm pretty cool, but-- (laughter) OFF- In a pipe of some sort? All right, when you get her number, call me or whatever, so we'll meet her later. That went well. I got that. I did it. That's huge. True. Yep. Do we have the money for that? All right. Bagels and lox? Who needs fire giant, I mean fire resistance, the most? We do? That one seems like a specific task. They are all super powerful, and are awesome, and you'll see them in battle tomorrow. They didn't become a robot. Real quick, who needs the fire protection? Vex? You don't need it. Didn't I give you that? Oh, I gave you cold resistance. What did you give me? Acid resistance. What. More discussions? No, we're going to sneak into his lair, right? The plan, as I understated it, is we send a vicious army to attack at the gates, all over the place, drawing out Thordak's forces in an epic battle. Blood, sinew, and gore everywhere, while we slip under the city, unbeknownst to Thordak, in the tunnels with the Clasp leading us. Leading us right to the center of town where we pop up, and surprise Thordak! He didn't know we were coming! He thought that there was an army at the gates! And we stab him real quick and leave. And at some point Raishan comes and helps us. The Clasp does. They're an order of rogues and thieves who hate us. But they're going to help us. We totally trust them because they are scoundrels and liars. And we have no other choice. (laughs) It's pretty air-tight. Yes, yes! He can escape at any moment, he can fly. Just a partial group. Yes! Our plan. (laughter) We should have him with us always! (laughter) We have no leader. Except we do have a secret weapon we have a dragon who definitely wants something that we don't know about. Who might or might not be working with us. We have a sword that is a dragon-slaying sword. LIAM and Yeah, I carry it with me always. I use it all the time. We'll never know. I'll be dead long before it works. Raishan, I feel like she's going to meet us there. We're not sending them all in? I also think there's a SWAT team that's available to us. Smile more? (laughter) Kash, why are you drooling and staring off into space? (laughter) Oh, just a little. Well, why don't we finalize this plan tomorrow when we meet with the general who will be-- what, commanding half the forces? Okay. Let's go. Why-- why not go talk to him? Let's go to him. When Vex wants to spend money, I'm in agreement. Oi, Pike! Can you do a Heroes Feast for us? Thanks, Pike! No. We're doing a Heroes' Feast. Do you need it? Oh, we don't need to do Grog. He's not here. And we have advantage on wisdom saving throws. Zabar's. Is there an elite SWAT team task force? Hey, where's our stone golem? He's gone. Let's go talk to the Warmaster. We are the worst people. I could put a slight illusion on it but it'd be pretty easy-- Oh yeah! Well, we sent word to them, didn't we? Didn't we send word to everybody? Do that. We also need to contact Gilmore. (dubious noise) (sigh) Feels so much better! Oh shit. (in surfer accent) Hey guys, don't forget December's theme is "revolution!" Featuring items from Assassin's Creed, Mr. Robot, Firefly and more! Don't forget to go to lootcrate.com/criticalrole, and enter 'critical role' for 10% off, my bruh! (whispering) She went to school. Just anything. Shit, Taliesin, shit! It's a bag of dicks. Go to the coming battle? I attack Zahra! Is this just a radio station that we're picking up? Seven. So I'm back up to normal. Is it his old boy scout uniform or what? How are we going to get there? Yeah, we're going there first. But not via a tree, we have to go via something else. Is there a tree on the battlefield where they are? Well, are there any trees near them? If you go with her, you'll be familiar with the tree. Four? We got it already. She'll find us. She's not our problem. She's not our problem. We're not babysitting a dragon. So you all go; I'll stay with these ragtag group and sit by the tree and get ready. LAURA and At sundown. All right, sure. Yeah, yeah, sure. The sewers. I've also used a tunnel to get out, at some point. It's the same sewer system, though, right? The Lyceum's unguarded! I remember that. We've just got to get to a sewer. Did they ever show up? Did the 50 soldiers from Fort Daxio show up? Well, not Asum. We know where he is. 20 blocks. Yep. Absolutely. An hour-- We can probably make it, I don't know, we can make it deep into the city, but not all the way to the center, can we? So we should go now. Or we could just wait for sundown and then go, knowing that they're going to strike at the same time. No, I mean, once we get in there, we wait until we pop out, until it's getting dark outside. What about a storm? Can you make one? What about-- Kiki, what if you just made some lightning strikes to signal the start of the fight? The storm isn't a real storm, isn't it Air Ashari? To Greyskull Keep? Be pleased. Remember, the plan is chaos. Small world man, small world. Natural 20 right here as well. Can I go in the kitchen and just sort of sense magic, or do an arcana check or something, to see if there's any-- I don't have that. My poop is still there, it's just inert. It's just poop. Oh, is it still there in the jar that I left it in? Yeah, this is our house. This is our keep. But it's seen better days. It's a fixer-upper. Let's go down to the secret path. We're in a hurry now, we've got to get into the city. Can I just give you a quick note? Planning Kashaw is very staccato. He's very clipped. I feel like when you're just talking normally, you're so warm and pleasant. But when you're planning, you get this voice you use that's very grating. I'm just saying, try to even out your tone. Do some breathing exercises, breathe from the diaphragm. Matt's Grog and Matt's Trinket are very similar. I'll take a superior and one of them fire resistance, please. I need the stuff. Why don't we give it to Grog for now? Use your magic canister. What's that? It's gonna take us an hour to get to the center of the city. Let's go! Should I-- Before we go out there, should I Seeming us as lizard people? Yes? I can do eight. Wait, is that right? Want to be lizard people or no? All we need is a second to get some confusion. You've got a ring that makes you invisible! But that takes an hour, we're not gonna sit here in the sewer eating a fucking-- We don't have time. Am I turning us into lizard people? Then we have to find our way through the sewer that we don't really know how to get through. We should find the Clasp entrance. Yeah, for a second. All right, I'll make us all lizard people, even the ones turning invisible. Except for myself. Myself, I'll put the Hat of Disguise on. It's an attuned?! Do I have it? I gave it to you. Fine, I'll make myself a lizard person, too. As many as are near me when I cast it. Any number of creatures, it says. Seeming is broken. I make them all very skinny, not-well-nourished lizard people. Except for me. I'm pretty big. It's a glandular problem. Let's go! Are you invisible? Okay, okay! I'm dropping Seeming. You're still invisible. Oh, sorry, you're freaky-looking, so-- (laughter) I'm here, what do you need? For what, are we still trying to get this Clasp? Ten minutes has gone by. All right, great. I knock, knock, knock on the door. And I say, oi, I know you can hear me in there. Sorry for the scare. We're friends, and we're here to help you get a lot of gold. Because it's through a door. 28. I'll find out from them. First of all, you, or members of your organization, know us. We are from Emon. We are Emonites. Emonies? We're locals. We've traveled these sewers before, among you. And we will again tonight if you help us find our way to Thordak. We are super-powerful superheroes who are gonna kill a dragon and give you half the gold. Well-- (laughter) Ten, ten? Some are animals, some are invisible. Six to 12. I did that with my penis. (laughter) 20. As soon as we get out, Keyleth, you have to make a storm or something-- Or a VM or something, right? Okay. Hurricane. Just got to finish knitting this sweater. (laughter) We've got to get up. So wait, there's a pipe to climb up? Two fire giants? There's no more tunnel down here, right? We cannot spend our energy fighting these guys. We have to distract them away and move in past their position. And one of them will chase it. Is there a gate behind the line? You can hear half of it. 30 feet high? In there. I can make another three of us invisible. But that's still not enough. I've just burned a 5th-level spell making us lizard people once for no fucking reason. Yeah. We definitely do. You two? Are you going to go out and draw them away? Absolutely. I put on Gloves of Climbing to climb up the thing. 27. 27. Can I quietly inspire Kash? (singing) Kash! King of the Universe! Kash! Ah-ah! He is the best of us! It's been a while since she's played, guys. Both of them? You just restrained two fire giants?! Holy shit! I think we just go. No, no. We were out of the pipe. Grog! Can Grog punch through it? I don't-- It won't help here. Three spells?! She's so powerful! What happens to Kash and Zahra?! But how do we know what happens?! You can roleplay Dallas? Are you going to be on Talks Machina? But if you were on Talks Machina, then you could do this whole fight on Talks Machina. (laughter)