Mine's really long, Matt. You guys, Loot Crate. The theme this month is Magical. Brands included Dr. Strange, Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, and more. Please make a special call out to the below Dr. Strange Q-Fig Loot Crate has announced will be in this month's crate. I just did. (laughter) I'd like each of you to read a part in. Pass it down, keep passing it down. I didn't know Ashley was going to be here, so, Ashley, you can read with Travis. You are both-- You are both doing it together. Guys, calm down. It's sort of a Dust Bowl type of a play I wrote. I wrote a play, okay? Yes! You do! Come on! Guys, okay, I'll be reading stage direction, Taliesin is playing Junior, Marisha is playing Mama, Liam is Pa, Laura is playing Sam Riegel. And Travis and Laura are-- Travis and Ashley are the radio sound effects duo. Let's see how this goes. August, 1929, the Badlands, South Dakota. Lights up on the McCallister Farm. Mama, a sturdy, country woman, comes in from the windy, dusty farm and slams the door. Sound effects! Oh! That's me! Enter Junior, a simpleton, down the stairs. Good sound effects, guys. Yeah, good sound effect, good sound effect. Come on! Project, project! Enter Pa, a drunk. He smashes a beer bottle against the family cat. There you go. (laughter) It should be noted that the playwright did no historical research on the Dust Bowl. (laughter) Good sound effects! Enter Sam Riegel, a strapping traveling salesman from the big city, played by Laura. I was supposed to put in actual stuff. Promo link "lootcrate.com/criticalrole." Keep going. (laughter) And so the McCallisters used a dusty old vacuum cleaner-- And their Loot Crates to clean up all the dust in the Dust Bowl. Thus saving their farm and the American Dream. (cheering) I'm a playwright, guys. Thank you. Good sound effects, guys. Fix your mic there, Matt. Oh, me? Oh. Why? Is it a radio play? What is this? Do I read it? It's a pillow case. It's a pillow case. The chest hair, the nipples. It's adorable, guys. This is 400 count Egyptian cotton here. (laughter) Are we going to be sleeping on the same pillows at night? She's my favorite now. The Chocolate Palace. This is a saving throw, or--? Am I allowed to inspire myself on a saving throw? 11. Three feet. (whispers) Sleight of hand roll, boy! Where are we, Master? Shit. What questions are we asking? If we see that he has it. How do we know that he has it? TRAVIS and Use it. Now! Three questions, quick. I'm hanging back behind Percy here. You built that thing! But it's so ugly. That won't even fit his thumb! Coming! But he wants arms! Put it on the table, people. C'mon, Pike! Lift that thing! Have you heard of the Plate of the Dawnmartyr? Doesn't have handles. Like picking up a box. We have diplomatic immunity. Well, gang. I don't feel like we should say the name of the thing that we want, in case she doesn't know what it is? Wait, Keyleth will? Me?! It's risky. Yeah, dude! This is what you do! You're right. If you think we're looking weird, we should trust that. We don't even know how this door works. What if it's like a DeLorean and flips up or something? The big one. So it could be metaphor. A wench. But Matthew, are they fuckable, though? Those guards? Would you do them? I'm the gerbil. I would like a seat at the table, if that's all right? Oh yeah, you know, like Loot Crate and stuff. Doctor Strange. Use 'criticalrole' for 10% off your Loot Crate guys, code 'criticalrole'! Keyleth, may I speak? We're all chained. Hello. Hi, there. Hi. Hi there. I'm a bit of a gambler. I'm known around the worlds as being one of the luckiest men with a deck of cards you've ever met. I've won games in many of the different planes. I see that you collect many treasures that you've won in matches as well. Is that true? Yes, I have. I spend my life just playing games. It's my livelihood. I've won many things over the years. In fact, all of these great people, large and small next to me, I won in various card games around the planes. That one over there, the big one, I won him in a game of Gin Rummy in the Feywild. This guy I picked up in a game of Fish. I'm here to collect, possibly, one of your items, if that's all right with you? 32. (laughter) Places. That information is not relevant right now. Maybe I'll decide after our match. Certainly. There's a large ruby shield back there, is that true? He wants that, but I think his taste sucks. So I'm going to go for that brass piece of armor back there. Sure, I'm a little man, and it might help me in a fight someday if I ever lose. Let me cut the cards. Honestly, the game itself is what's of value to me. I am just happy to win and keep my winning streak alive. What I get out of it is meaningless. But if you'd like to enlighten me on that object-- Well, I was going to offer one of your choosing. But you've only offered me one of your items. You seem attached to it. I want it. I'll have it. Certainly badly enough to risk these scoundrels. We do. May I ask what game we're playing? Blackjack? Are we playing-- Strip poker? Five-card stud? (laughter) We've played this before? 21. I suck at everything. And now? And if we fold, do we start over? Oh, well then it's just a number. I know my hand. Wait, am I rolling the d4 or no? (quietly) Not good, you guys. One, five, two. Total of eight. Oh, man, this is just straight rolls. And what will you give me if I win? I love myself a lot. A lot more than a bunch of rubies and a handle, I'll tell you that much. If I'm giving myself to slavery forever, I want something a hell of a lot better than that. I'm a man who's won 500 straight card games in a row. You think these slaves are something? You should see what I have at home. 32. I'll give you myself as a slave if you do not draw your next card and skip straight to the third, and that's your number. I get all three. Oh, fucking balls. Fuck balls. (laughter) (whispers) Pretty bad. Before I reveal my cards, I have one more proposal. (whispers) I don't know what it is. (laughter) I'll come clean with you. We know exactly what that fucking piece of armor is. We want it. We're not leaving here without it. I'm sorry, I'm not going to show you my cards. Because before I do, you'll be dead. Sorry, guys. I drew a three, and a three, and a three. Yes? Possibly. Is it a card game? What is your offer? Just curious, can we draw the third hand? I just want to feel what it feels like to win once. My slave speaks the truth. I'm really curious about this last hand. If you beat me in this last hand, I agree. Yes. Well, that's the deal. Thank you. That would make me feel so much better about myself. I'm really just bad at everything. I rolled an 11. Best seven out of 13! (laughter) I have agreed. I'm already your slave, so I couldn't really say no. So yes, I agree to our accord. What favor can I grant you? Sorry, we're not supposed to go to the embassy. We were told so by our tour guide. Yes, we accept. Thank you, my master, we will go do so right away. Two days, you say? Yes. I release you from your slavery. What does he look like? Are you sure you don't want just a game of Pinochle instead? Please, call me Kenny Rogers. Let's go, slaves! I'm sorry, equals, peers, let's go! Have a lovely afternoon. Gross, but okay, go ahead. 20. If it's a day or two, we could go back to Daxio and check and come back. But then we'd have to get back into the city. That's probably a terrible idea. No guarantee that we'd be back in. So we should stay. I agree. Well, we have water in his fucking jug. You really want to try to break into this fire giant's house? Or traps. You want to do a smash and grab? Could be there tomorrow? We know what it looks like. Cabin boy, thank you. We could take one dude! The mansion door, I think, is only ten feet tall. 20? And then what do we do in the mansion? Something tells me that people fight in this city a lot. I could certainly make an appearance of Yenk. You mean Dominate him? I can try. So, he's going to the auction to slave shop? Seems crazy that a gigantic fucking pit boss, whatever he is, would be like, "Oh, sure, I'll "step into this creepy door, weird stranger!" Yeah, for sure! Everything about me is creepy, guys! This seems like a plan C to me. Convincing a giant killing machine to step into a nice house seems like it's a desperate plan of people without anything at all. The deal is we just attack him and kill him! What's the big deal? We were sent on a killing mission here. Wherever we see him! Let's talk to Sonny here, creepy Sonny. So we can definitely entice them. You guys can pose as slaves and show him some amazing feats and say, "There's more where that came from, inside the mansion!" but if he says no, then what's our plan? I can make us all look different. What would make us passable in the city? I can make us all robes and stuff. Sure, sure. I can shrink or grow us by a foot, change our general appearance and clothing. I'm sorry, what's going on? We're all looking like you? I'm selling a group of identical sextuplet slaves and the advantage is just that they look cool? "Check out my slaves; they all look alike!" I could make you all other ways unique. I love this idea, don't get me wrong, but I feel like convincing him that you are able-bodied slaves with magical abilities might be even more of icing on the cake than, "Hey, they look alike!" That's the guards? We could also try to convince them that he's broken a law or done something horrible. I could make the image of our mark standing out there in the middle of the Arches, cursing the sultan's name and pissing all over the place. And then what? Are we still sextuplets in this scenario? I can make you a foot taller or smaller. That is unique. Okay, so far, let's recap. Recap, vote, and move on. So wait, I'm going to recap these plans, here. Plan A, making us all sextuplets and trying to get him into the mansion. Plan B, we're all sextuplets-- So, Plan A, again, sextuplets, slaves, mansion. Plan B, we're still sextuplets, but this time, we're somehow framing him for dishonoring the sultan and then attacking him in the middle of the square. Plan C, still sextuplets, that doesn't change, but now we're just ambushing him in the center of the Arches and we've paid off the guards to turn a blind eye. We have tons of money! I mean, we could bribe them with six identical slaves. So what's it going to be? Plan A, the mansion that's certainly going to fail? Plan B, the framing job? Or Plan C, the bribery slash ambush? All right, great! Of course I've got more. Yeah, what would it be? A slave auction house? A circus side-show thing? Caligula's living room, I can do. I mean, sure, I can do some of these things. Within reason. Right? Once the mansion is built, does it stay built? It rebuilds every time? I mean, that sounds so great. I'm on board. Let's try this stupid, crazy plan. So, we're going to go to the Arches tomorrow, disguised as the slaves of what's-her-butt? Sure. So, you're slaves, I'm a slave-master. What do I look like? No, I've got to look like a slave-master. Senny, what would I look like? An imp with jewelry and such? Give me a thing. I'm in. I'll make a mansion for the night. We'll all take a rest and then go tomorrow. Go to The Arches. The golden arches. Wait, first we've got to cast Seeming. We're going, right? All right. So, yes, I'll cast Seeming on everyone. Making them various level heights of Vex and Vax, I guess. (laughter) And they're slaves, right? They're slaves. Tattered clothing. All right. Simple tattered white robes. (laughter) You're clean. That's right. You're the best of the best. You would have the best robes. Right? Totally right. The best, finest simple white. Absolutely. And wait, am I making him celestial-ish? Is that a celestial? What does a celestial look like? Do they glow all the time? I don't know where you hide them normally. They're in you? Ew. Are you Wolverine? No. We're walking there right now. Yeah, great. And when I cast Seeming, I also cast it on myself, making myself look like an azer? Yeah, I don't know if I can make flames with Seeming. All right, great. A sign? Are we going to pose and start selling? How much can you change the-- What do we need to sell people? We just need a slab to put them up on. To say, "Look here, "there's this one for sale." Yeah, of course, we're going to have you guys outside. How else are we going to convince him that there is more good stuff inside? Or just a stone slab? We don't need much. Let's not break the bank. Why do we need a fucking gazebo? Matthew, what does everyone else have around them? What are the other kiosks? Are there any? Should we sit here and wait for a while? Can you guys all do like the Robert Palmer video? (laughter) Sure, sure. I'll play a little ditty. We'll jam to it. Poor Nightcrawler. I am going to go over there and buy these two kids? For what? All right. TRAVIS and This isn't our fight. Do one of you want to go over there and say hi, slave to slave? Yeah, sure, go on. I'll walk over with her so it doesn't seem weird that my slave is wandering around, I suppose. I guess? They have an owner? (French accent) Hello, I am slave master Francois Australia and I am curious about your two angel boys. (laughter) (French accent) What can they do? I would be curious to find out. (French accent) How do you know anything about these boys? How did you get them? (French accent) I like to see a chain of ownership so I know that the previous owner will not hunt me down and kill me in the night! (French accent) Which ones are those? (laughter) (French accent) (whispering) Merci. (normal volume) Would you take 15 for both of them? (French accent) Yes, but you don't seem to know where they come from, who they belonged to before. It's a risk that is possibly worth 3,000 gold. Is this persuasion, solely? 20. (French accent) Oui. Oh, slave, can I have the gold? (laughter) (French accent) Francois Bertrand Jean-Luc Australia. (laugher) (French accent) Do they have names? Au revoir. We're just waiting, I guess. Not yet. I'll say to the boys You two, have you been for sale for more than a day or two? It's all right. In that time have you seen a large red thing with big wings? Okay, all right. Thank you. We just wait, I suppose. You want to go buy a few more? (Vex impersonation) What if you were to talk like Vex? Makes sense. Yeah, scry again. Oi? Vax, Vex, don't argue, we'll get through this. I mean, I'm going to go back with you so-- Sure, I'll stand watch. We're splitting the party. Or he's blocking it somehow. Getting some money to go and come to the slave market. Ah! All right, we go back to the sales area. I'll play a song. (singing) Hot in the city, hot in the city tonight! Tonight! 23. I'll call out to Percy (French accent) It's no use! No one has enough money for our slaves! Forget it. We should clean up and go home. Is he coming over? Okay, I'll summon the magnificent mansion door, and I'll say to the slaves (French accent) All right, it was worth a try, but we must pack it in. But of course. I am here to sell, if you are here to buy. (French accent) They are for sale, for a good price. (French accent) We have already packed up for the day, but if this is a serious business proposal, well, I can go in and fetch them. (French accent) I cannot just communicate with them. Would you join me inside my shop? There you will see many other fine specimens. (French accent) Well, you haven't seen what I have to offer. (French accent) So you are not interested in the naga, the goristro, the other celestial beings? The orcs? 31. (French accent) If you please, and with due respect, I do not see any jewelry or fineries on your person. Can you afford such prices that I will quote you? (French accent) I'm afraid that I haven't. But if you are serious, and it seems that you are by the way that you are not moving your mouth-- (French accent) Wait! Would you like to come inside with me and see them for yourself? (French accent) 30,000 apiece! (French accent) 10,000! (French accent) Well, put her-- ugh-- I'm so sorry, sir. I must go deal with this. I don't want to make you wait here. You are clearly a man of respect. (French accent) I will be right back, I promise. Did she use the magic? Oh my god. Oh my god! I run into the mansion. Can I inspire myself? Can I, after I know my roll? Oh. Well, then fucking yes, I'll inspire myself. That helps. One. Hey, she's good! Inside the mansion, I run up to Grog and I say Cut me! Cut my face, cut my arms, cut me. Right now. Great. I run out of the mansion. (French accent) Oh my god! Oh! It's incredible in there! She is so powerful! She cut me with her mind! Please, come with me, I will need help with this. I think so? I'll say to the young man All right, I am sorry to play these games and haggle with prices. I will go fetch them immediately. I'll go in the mansion and yell Fucking jenga! We've got to fucking kill this guy! We've got to go kill him right now! Come on! Let's go! I can go out with the two angels, get him to come over and look at them, at least. Then you guys can pour out? I don't know. Yeah, bring them up. You want to be an angel? It could maybe work. Can you look like an angel? No, but we're in the-- oh shit. She's not there. All right, you do whatever you want. Give me the angels. I'm going to go back out there. Yeah, if you can! Do whatever you can! All I'm trying to do is get him to stay long enough for you guys to do something. Are you inside the mansion? I've got the angels. I'm walking back out. Right? I'm going outside with the two angels. All right. I don't want to fucking bargain with this thing. Don't miss and hit me, babe! Vex, Vax, Vax, Vex, Vex, and Vax!