I am running out of things to say. So instead, I composed a little song, and I thought that Miss Ashley Johnson could help me with it. I'm going to sing a couple of lines, and it will be very apparent what the rhyming word is, and you chime in with that. Little known fact, Ashley Johnson, beautiful singing voice, she's a soprano. Here's a song for Loot Crate. Okay. Ashley, I need you to focus here. It's to the tune of the Beverly Hillbillies. (singing) Well, yeehaw for nerd swag, let's all give a big hoot. You get a pretty crate and they fill it with-- Very good! (singing) With gear and apparel that'll make you look real cute. You'll even be attractive when your butt makes a-- Very good. (singing) Subscribe with the link that pops up on your computer. With the dough that you saved, buy some hot wings at-- Very good. (singing) You'll be all hot and bothered even if you're spayed or neutered. So pull down your skirt, and stick that loot in your-- No! It's in your crate. You put your loot in your crate. That's disgusting. That's disgusting, Ashley. Jesus! Jesus, why would you stick it in your cooter? Holy shit! Loot in a Loot Crate. Good God! Anyway, magic everyone. Sign up and use the exclusive promo code-- Wait a second, there's a new promo code? Go check it out guys. I'm done. Wait, is that true? I should read these before I do the ads. Are we going to do this thing at the break? Is that happening? What are we going to do? You think we finished our conversation, but we have about an hour of more talking to do. (laughter) Oh, okay! LAURA and Did we need to send word to all of our allies that that is where we are going? Has that been done already? How do we get there? Hold on! Let me go get Pike. I got her, guys! She's here! Wow! We almost left without her. Now it's unanimous. Wait, can she scry? Do you need to scry? Do we have scrying things? But wait! Anyone from like when we were with the 'fugees? The refugee camp? Didn't some of them go to Daxio? Wait! Rothfuss? This is the part of the show where we look through our notes. Mine are terrible! Arbiter Brom? Tristan the cleric? Gern Blanston? (laughter) Oh wait! I got it, I got my page! Cornelius! Leader of the refugees. He is a bookbinder. Drez Vena! Magic guy. Elowen, the mom. Simon, the son. These are people who were in Daxio, right? Shit balls! Master Quall? Wait, Gilmore knows everybody. He must know someone in Daxio. Kraghammer is near-ish. Do you know anyone in Fort Daxio? Please say yes. No, Keyleth can scry on you once you're there, and see the tree. (sings Yakety Sax) Are we taking Kima? Do we want to take Kima? One! We have done one. One. I don't remember why, or who did it. Hey, if we walk up to the fort, what's our cover story? We're dragon fighters bringing the fight to their town? We are looking to fight here. Well, whatever it is, I don't think we should tell them that we're dragon fighters bringing the fight to their fort. Ooh, okay! (air horn) All their horns were broken in the war. Okay. Okay! Yeah! Let's go. This is going great. We haven't even done anything wrong yet. Do we just pass by those things? Pretty good. So you have 225 here currently? And how is morale? Everyone have enough supplies and ready to defend the fort if needed? Are we telling them this? LAURA and (quietly) We can help a little with that, right? Well, but can't Keyleth make some farmland, right here in the fort? Little small garden sort of a thing? Not just the Cinder King. We would also bring allies to support you and to buffer your forces and hopefully with enough planning time to get you and your men back on their feet, well fed and ready for a fight. Mikael's navy. To kill us. We are the bait, and we are also the dragon killer. So he will come here to kill us, or to at least investigate our whereabouts, we hope, and when he arrives, we'll wait in ambush. I mean, technically, we started the day with this many, that's for sure. It will take us a few days, if not weeks, to summon all of our allies here, and we'll need to get your forces ready as well. Is this something that you can fully support? Would you rather fight bravely against a dragon than die a slow starvation death? Okay. We have one pitcher of water whenever we need it. So you can't grow anything right now? For at least a day, I could create a soup kitchen. People could come in and take a bowl and leave. Yeah, I mean I could create a soup kitchen, basically. Sure. Yeah. We can have a bread line going in and out. General, when's the next feeding time for your next shift of men? What, the mansion? Sure, I think so. Right? Oh, shit! Shit balls! I can't-- Sorry. I had an alarm to take off my shirt. I have to wear four shirts tonight because of reasons. (laughter) Yeah, it's an anal thing. I've worn 70 different shirts on 73 episodes of the show, so if I wear four tonight, that's one for every episode. Yeah, sure. I'll crack out the mansion. Where should I put it, General Elle? Oh, I'm sorry. Through magical means. We are all, not to brag, we are all super powerful. We're like a band of traveling superheroes. One of the things that I can do is make a room or a home, a magical home, where everyone can go in and get a quick meal and then go back out to work again. So with your permission and a location, I can create this magical dwelling. Is there a spot where you would like your men to-- Most women are. What are you guys going to do? Oi, twinsies. Maybe you should fly up, and if Thordak's going to attack from the air, see where the spot is that he would attack, like a spot of weakness from above? Name on the list? What's your name? Name? Listen, man. Do you want some food or not? What's your name? I've got a big list here, there's no girl with you. Do you have a plus one? You're in." I'm sure they boil the chicken in like an onion sort of water. They have the fusaka now. They put a little bit of that in. Spices it up a bit. He wipes his brow. Whitestone? Can you do any plane shifting things, Pikey Pike? Sure! Also, throwing it out there. If you guys go to the Feywild, isn't there a chance that you don't come back until a month later or something crazy like that? Doesn't time shift weirdly? Oh! 18. I did. Oh, no, not my d12. Sure, why not? I'll do that. All right, 22 then. Well, wait. Don't we need to send word to other places as well? How do we do that? Isn't there a big horn you blow or something? You could find them, probably? We can scry and find out where they are and then send someone as mist-form you, or something, and go catch up with them. Quick list, people. Quick list! Who do we need to contact, Slayer's Take? Ravenites? Syngorn. That's a big one. That's a biggie right there. The wolf pack? The Herd. J'mon Sa Ord, sort of? -Ish? Is there anyone else who's pledged their allegiance to us? Any other band of traveling idiots? 2,000. Where is he? An instant message app? How many people per day? How many times could you do that per day? Who's next on the list? The Ravenites? The Herd. What about the Herd? Well, we can describe them? Kraghammer? What about that town that we saved from dissolution? The Air Ashari? Do we need to talk to any of them? You could do that. The Ravenites? You don't know any Ravenites, do you? Vanessa, from the Slayer's Take, do you know her, Allura? Any underdark-y type people? Do they like us? Let's start with Syngorn and then see how it works, all right? Let's just get the father. Is that vital? Should we care about that? All right, sure. Yeah. Why not? Second message Bring-- what was his name? Indala. Put Kima on there, too? Or Zahra! Shaun. Wait. That's certain death. Quick, everyone hide when she's doing this! So when she comes back, we'll all be-- You don't know anyone else on our list, do you? The Slayer's Take, you don't know. Just one more message! But wait, what about the Clasp or something? The Clasp? Do they like us or hate us? All right, then we're good for now. We just keep buffeting up this place? Do we have to plan an ambush? How does this work? All right. You and me. Some plate armor? One day! What's one day? Well, when we get there we'll find out! If it's taking too long, we'll pop back! These messages are going to take a while to deliver. All right, one night. They've all eaten today. We're fine. No wait! Didn't we send her on a mission? She was going to bring us back some dude. And we're not even there! To not where we are right now! The last time we talked to Raishan she said, "All right. I'll be back in a day." And then we got out of there. Yeah, no. We haven't spent the night yet. All right, I'll go talk to Raishan. And then we're going to the Fire Plane? Just pop on down for a bit to the basement. No fucking way. Let's pop on down! Plus now we have a lot of money. We can buy our way through the Fire Plane. We can get in touch with her when she goes back to the place that shall not be named. But all of that is going to take days. And we can't do that until the armies have arrived here in Fort Daxio, which could take another few days. I don't know where Syngorn lands when it comes back to this plane. I assume it's not next door. They're going to take days to get here. Yeah! And if he's searching for us, what better place to be than on a different plane? All in favor of the Fire Plane, say "Aye." SAM and That was only two! Wow, that's pretty rough. All in favor of staying say, "cooter." Two to one. Feed more soldiers. Plane Shift. No. How long to get there? I can turn a couple of us into some things. You two can fly, right? We can go right there. Be right in the center of the city. Land right in Main Street, next to the Reebok store. Yeah, but good news. We're still alive. She could probably figure that out on her own. She would probably figure that out. Let's just pop in, pop out, guys. What could go wrong? Let's do that. Sure, right? I can do my magic wherever. I have no idea, I've never been to the Fire Plane. No, I used it yesterday. This was a worthwhile trip already. Let's just go, man. My choice was an obvious one. It's @cat_cosplay for the cat version of Scanlan, or as I call him, CAT Scan. And for those asking, we're not putting up these pictures right now because we literally just picked them one minute ago, but we'll be retweeting our current, our personal picks of the evening. So you can watch our twitters, or maybe @CriticalRole can tweet them out or something? Okay. Some of the prizes include shirts that I've worn on the stream, some of which I have laundered. All right. (singing) City of Brass! Good for you. What do you mean, if we want to go back? Are we already backing out of this, Grog? Super Jenga! Let's walk into the City of Brass. Bullshit over here. Think we can talk to them? Why are you all looking at me?! Greetings! Hello! Hi there! Are they attacking? LIAM and We request passage into your city. We are travelling salespeople and we are here to sell our wares. One item in particular, which could be of much value to the people in your city. I don't think you want to see it. All right. It's a pet of ours that we've been travelling with. It's right back there. And I point behind us to an empty space. You don't see it? Oh, I forgot. We've made it invisible. Let me drop the spell. And I will cast Major Image, and I am making a goristro, right behind us, that looks a lot like Yenk because that's the only one I've ever seen. (laughter) 20 feet tall, snarling, growling, just a fucking nightmare. Yeah, looking real mean and ornery with spit coming off of him. 28. Let's say 60 feet back. Ah, ah, ah! You don't get to touch our pet. Please allow us entry to your city and we will find someone who can afford to touch him. It works for me, for the moment, and I can get it to work for someone else for a price. But if your man goes over there, he's going to die, because I will tell my goristro to kill him. Those were my other pets. I'll put my hands behind my back and stand up a little taller to meet him. How much would the toll be? Vex? The money that we carry with us is from a far-off land. Will it still be good here? It's gold and platinum. 20 pound? Who are you right now? Loudly and conspicuously I say Stanley, invisible! And then he poofs away. Let's just get in the city and buy me some new pants. I throw up a little. Great, now we're inside this stupid city. Now what do we need to find, a wall? A 'Find Item Anywhere' spell? Holy fucking shit. If you guys go 2000 feet apart, that's essentially a mile spread. Sorry. Yeah, I'm out of shirts, guys. 74 fucking shirts. How many do I own? 74. LIAM and Wait, how long does it last? MARISHA, LAURA, and We can get a long fucking way in ten minutes. Wyverns? Lizardpeople? I just got to hell, haven't even unpacked my bags-- We're following along behind them. LAURA, ASHLEY, TRAVIS, and So is it one of those-- what were they called, Ashley? How far back are we? Someone should-- Oh no! TALIESIN and Oh god. I hang back as well. Oh boy, we're all getting in it. (imitating efreeti) We're both women. I'm with them, yeah. (McCree voice) It's full sunlight. (McCree voice) It's just turned to PM. We're Cubs fans walking down Cleveland Boulevard. I'm busting out the Hand Cone, ready to go. Are these humanoids? Okay, I'm going to start singing. I pick one, the stronger of the two, and I'm going to sing at him. Or her, I don't even know. Yeah, yep, singing at them. (singing) I make you want to leave the one you're with, start a new relationship with me. That's how it's going to be, make you go-- A little Usher. I'm going to cast Dominate Monster on it. Of course, but hopefully it'll give us a getaway. Well, it's my spell, right? 21. You can always break it or something. Can I command him? I can't also command him to do anything? Can't I command him to do something? I say to him Hey sweet baby. Look at me. It's all going to be okay if you yell at your friend to let us go. I say to him I'm just a mere slave and-- kill him! Kill him now! Kill him right now! (laughter) LAURA and I am staying put until my friends are far away. I'm watching them, watching them, back and forth. Oh, shit. They do magic shit? I thought they were just big and scary. How far have my allies gotten? And Keyleth is gone? All right. So my work here is done, so I'm going to tip my beret, good day to you both, and I'll Dimension Door into the alley with them or wherever they went. Actually, I don't know that alley, so I'm going to go in that direction the number of feet I think it is. Oh, wow! That's the best roll I've ever done. 21! Stealth! Yeah. We all die. Right in behind Grog's butt. Just smooshed on up. (muffled) Why are we in here? (muffled) We don't look that bad, do we? I don't think Grog wears underpants! Whispers! Loot Crate, everybody! Loot Crate is a wonderful sponsor, a fine, handsome company. Their theme is magic. You'll get a box of magic shit. These are movies that I will never see, because I have children. Kind of flattering, really. It's like one of those beefcake slave auctions for charity. Well, that's not something you would ask him. I think he's just our host here. You can cast that shit all the time? Alias. What about that Plate of--? No? Maybe? I mean, I don't know, what are we here for? So creepy! A card game of some sort. Our information says it does not. Are there any fire giants in this city? Oh, well that's great! Happen to have their names? Are they close? You could just give us their addresses or something and we could go check it out. If you had a Thomas Guide--? Unless it's for a one-time sexual favor of some sort. I'm up for that. Should we chain ourselves to each other, or to you? How does this work? I'm going to go look at the chains and arcana check them. Oh, 22! No, just 20. I'm going to slap some on. They fall to the floor! I'm familiar with these because I have a set in my room. Do you want me to do it for you? Whaska the giant. Whaska the giant, right? Had we stopped in one more minute, I would have had to take off this shirt, revealing nothing underneath. Lava pouring in. It's really better when you here. It's not good when you're not here. In fact, don't watch when she's not here.