Yeah. You know, a lot of my Loot Crate plugs have been comedic, or cute. Some would say clever. But one thing that has been lacking is a sense of spectacle. Of human achievement. Of record breaking. So tonight I'm going to attempt something that's never been attempted before. I'm going to do the Loot Crate copy read here. While drinking an entire Coca-Cola. And a bite-sized 100 Grand bar, Snickers bar, Milky Way, Twix, another bite-sized Snickers bar, a Reese's Peanut Butter Cup, and a packet of Big League Chew. In two minutes. Also, all this stuff melted in my car. All right. Travis? You got the clock ready? Two minutes, can it be done? The answer is no. (laughs) Ready? Loot Crate is a curated collection of awesome items from the best pop culture franchises delivered to your door every month. You get the best and most exclusive licensed figures, t-shirts, home goods, and more. Don't help me! This week's crate theme is Primal. Featuring awesome swag from X-Men, Overwatch and Predator. Give yourself every month or give the gift of geeking out to a friend or loved one. And if you visit lootcrate.com/criticalrole and use the coupon code 'criticalrole', you'll get 10% off your Loot Crate monthly geek crate. From collectibles [inaudible]. It's like Comic-Con in a box! Oh boy! How do I separate the gum from the other stuff? Loot Crate, Loot Crate DX, Loot Gaming, and Loot Anime. How do you want to do this? It can't get in. Hold on. Not good. Half left?! I can't do it! I can't do it! Don't forget to use the code 'criticalrole' for 10% off your Loot Crate monthly geek crate. I'll take care of this. Oh, yeah. (belches) I'm fine. What? I just plan to vomit every week. At least once. Wait, what? There's a before? Bastard. Oh, shit. We have to do stuff? He resuscitated me, I believe? I have six points. Hear what? Ah, yes, Doty, thank you. I'll review this all later. How many pages did you fill? Sure he does. Very well done, Doty, thank you. We'll have much more to write tonight, so save some energy for that. Will you-- Will you carry me? What? Am I there? Doty, down. What happened? What's going on? Is he dead? Oh god. As Pike, Ashley Johnson. Do you think I should? Oh, no? All right. I just let out a (yelps). (all laugh) He always takes a picture, he always takes a picture. It's a thing. Yes? Oh. Oh, yes. I hereby present to you a lodestone that I got at the bottom of the sea. Oh, me too? All right, okay. Sure, sure. This is natural, this is right. Oh, come now. You recognize me. Taryon Darrington! The brave, the bold. We both fell in battle, so I know exactly how you feel right now. Well. Not quite yet, but I'm sure people are already talking about it. Well-- Doty, take this down. Doty, no! We just witnessed an amazing ritual. Did you not get any of that? Well, you are consistent. I'll fill you in on the details of that later, but now take this down. 'Plagued by an incompetent plan and ambushed by a surprise from a kraken, we nevertheless stayed 'true to ourselves and to our bravery, found the lodestones and, despite nearly dying, came back to 'tell the tale, proving ourselves as heroes of Vesrah and to each other. I was aided by young 'Percival in my fight. Abandoned by the Antlers and the Elves. And by the end of the fight, it was 'just me and the big guy, duking it out. I blacked out for a moment, but before I did, I'm sure he 'saw my bravery and was impressed. That's why he dragged me to safety and presented me to Percival 'for healing.' That's enough for now. It's not-- This is the abridged-- I don't want to bore the readers with too much detail. Somehow, I got to the rift door and I didn't get there on my own, so thank you. Thank you, Big Guy, for dragging me there. I appreciate it. Oh! Taryon Darrington. We passed briefly in Whitestone. I'll switch to Gnome. And I'll say, oh, you're friendly with these people as well? They've taken me in and they're showing me the ropes of adventure, and we've already done quite a lot. We were on a boat that was attacked. And we almost died, but I destroyed the beast that was attacking us with a bit of magic. I have a lot of tricks. Magical things that I think you might even understand, because it seems that you are a magic user yourself. The resurrection thing that you just did was amazing. I've never seen anything like it, and it was quite astounding for somehow who's not really here. Hello? Oh! Sorry, sorry. By the way, how is my accent? I haven't had a chance to practice Gnome on an actual gnome in a long, long time, since I was a boy. Oh. I apologize profusely for butchering your language. I learned it by books, and, as I've said, I've only had a chance to speak it once before to a gnome who visited my family's estate a long time ago. I didn't catch the fellow's name. He was part of a performing troupe that my father hired to entertain us on New Year's Eve. And they came in, stayed a few days. I remember quite vividly though that they left in a hurry. Something went on with one of the members of the troupe and my father's handmaiden, and he was very upset with it and he chased them all off in the morning. I didn't get to continue practicing with him. All I know is, my father was so upset. Something happened in his room, he had to burn his bedsheets, and I think he got a new bed. I don't know quite what happened, but it was quite a dramatic thing. I was only about 12 or 13 at the time. Well, he had a sharp wit to him, and-- not very attractive young man, but-- That's amazing. Really? And is it true that you live hundreds of years, and-- Is-- Oh! I-- I was misinformed. I will. I-- I will-- I was planning on doing at least one chapter in my book about the smaller races, and that would be an excellent-- -- an excellent fitting, uh, addendum. Well you-- you are, too. Pleasure to meet-- make your acquaintance. Oh! (loud burp) Sorry. Still reeling. Still reeling. Is there a beach? I understand, and that's fine. I-- Oh! Thank you. This flower-- What? You're giving this to me? You're giving this to me. I drop to my knees. My lady, I cannot express to you what this means, to be accepted as a full-fledged member of this team, and-- (sounds of protest) -- I suppose, finding that lodestone and helping you on your 'acapakay'-- -- was enough to win over your good graces. I've watched you in these last few battles, and you have been powerful-- I wasn't done. Powerful, confident, and enthralling, and I vow to use this to the betterment of our entire team, to make sure that none of us fall in battle, not me, not Percy, not you, not either of the elves, not short stuff or the big guy. Thank you, so much. I will cherish it always. Oh. Oh, he's sketching me? No-- wait 'til I find the light, find the light, find the light-- I don't want to move, I'll break the pose. Yes, sir? Extremely. (gasps) Like Venice people? Like beachy hippies. (gasps) (whispering) She's amazing. What is Shapechange? You can just become anything? Once? Or constantly? Wow. Wow. Wow. Oh, good morning. I don't know. Is it? Oh! Good evening! I have not been that close to death ever before. But I feel like in a way I learned something from the experience. That's fair. (all laugh) You were brave and strong. We were duking it out, you and me, 'til the very end of that fight and well, as one seasoned warrior to another-- Do you have any tips? Any notes for me? Any thoughts to improve my warfare skills? Should I move more? Should I think of cool one-liners to yell out as I hit my enemies? Well, yes, but my rod is best at close-up action. Oh! No. Oh my god. Yes. Yes. Really? Eight. (all laugh) Adding it to my list. Basilisk-- wait, I don't know what it is. It's just an egg. A magical egg. Thank you. Oh! Hello. My personal manservant. Yes. In Gnome, I say, absolutely m'lady. Whatever you would request. Do whatever the young lady asks. Just a little bit of a note, here. He doesn't know who any of those people are. I'll help you point them out to Doty. Is there any particular style you'd like them to be drawn in? Realism. All right. I say, you're warcome in Gnome. (all laugh) I'm just doing this all night. You got to try Gil. I'm negating that. Roll Gil. I'm negating it. Roll Gil. He rolled a three. Your friends all rolled with Gil. He likes to watch. Yes. Who, me? Hello. That's amazing. In the same drawing? Oh! But how did-- I mean, they would have had to have been-- Oh. I-- so many more questions than answers. (all laugh) One of those two was dead yesterday, and yet they still found time to-- well. The one on the left, I lovingly refer to her as Antlers. She is the most powerful and leader of the group. Doty? You heard her. Of course I know how to write. I'm an educated man. In what language? I prefer Gnome when I'm with you. It's good practice. Odd vowel sounds in your weird language. Okay! Key-leth. Mm-hm? Little Elf Boy. With a 'B'? Like Bax? Vagina? Got it. 'X'. All right. You know what, that one sounds familiar, I feel like he's introduced himself to me. Oh! Oh, well. I-- May I, for a moment? Do you think this is up? Or-- I've read about that. All right. The happy one is Little Elf Girl-- All right. All right. What's her real name? All right. Vex. I could tell by the bone structure-- -- and the contempt. (all laugh) Percival Fredrickstein Von Musel Korrolo de Rolo the third. (all laugh) Almost! Almost! Almost! Almost! Klossowski de Rolo the third! Percival-- --Percival Fredrickstein Von Musel-- Argh, so close! Klossowski de Rolo the third! That one I'm going to do in Common. (all laugh) P... de Rolo. Before I answer, uh, (accented) answer-- -- just a quick process question, here. In the other images, there was some revelry, some intercourse happening. Is that-- now that I'm a full-fledged member, do I-- (all laugh) Is it a hierarchy? Is it some sort of a-- -- a cultish-- -- thing, where you have to prove yourself sexually and in battle, or-- how does that work? Or is it-- am I misreading this? All right. So you're saying that membership has its privileges? Daughter of Sarenrae, I'm guessing. Hm. Pike. Oh boy. (all laugh) Doty, she said realism. Really? (all laugh) I mean, how does he walk? Wow. Wow. That is just-- that is primal. Huh. All right. I've been taking to calling him Jumbo, or the Big Guy. And it seems that I was correct. (all laugh) Say that again? Grog. Okay. You know, I have learned that he is a confident ally, and a friend to me as well. And I will do my best to protect him in battle in your absence. Can you-- in this form, can you see me all the time? I will. Milady, I swear it by my name, I will do so as you request. Thank you for saving one of my allies today, and wherever you are in the world, know that we are fighting the good fight, and I will keep your friends safe. Your friends, Greg-- -- Vox, Vox, Kiko-- -- and Percival Frederickstein Von Musel-- -- Klossowski De Rolo the third. Ah. I have a few more nights of studying to do. All right. Serf trervles. (all laugh) MARISHA and (laughs) We gotta get Ashley back. We gotta bring her back. We gotta get Ashley back. No, no, no. I'll take care of it. No, I'll pay her in gold. I hired you all, it's only the right thing, Vex. I'm a man of my word. 1,500? Plus 150 tip. Plus 200 for any damages to your ship. It's a pleasure doing business with you. (laughs) Jesus. Hello, Pike. In the flesh, this time. I hope that you've seen that I've been doing as you asked every night. Absolutely. I think I've learned their first names at least. Well. What do we do now, fellows? Sure, yes, absolutely. (gasps) Ooh, there's something I need to tinker. He is dead. He is a dead man. Guys, use the code 'lootcrate' to get 10% off your monthly loot crate. So, this is your house? That's a really cool name. Wow. That's excellent! Have you lived here very long, because there's-- You might want to consider different keepers of this place. It seems a bit-- All right. You're right, it's just, I'm just not used to- Lots of murals, lots of tapestries. Where will you sleep? All right, sure. Well, we'll have to go in town and buy some replacements for you. Anything I set my mind to, if I have enough raw materials. Sure. You need a hat? Sure, I've done that before. I've given you invisibility coins. Anything alchemic. I don't think I can do that, but anything that combines a little bit of magic with a little bit of engineering I can probably manage. A beard trimmer? Sure, that seems like an easy thing to do. You seem pretty clean-shaven, though. I'm on it. I'm on it, Vax. That's cool. Can I-- no, it's fine. Can I cast Identify on the lock or something? Do you fellows think that it will explode, or something bad, when we open it? Why don't we have Doty open it? I dunno, it doesn't matter. If he breaks, I'll fix him. Wow. Wow. Ooh. Three people reading a book. It doesn't get any more intense. (all laugh) You seem much more powerful than Doty ever will be. In a way, the cover of a book is kind of like a door. So we're facing another door. (laughs) (slamming noise) Bikini islands. (laughs) That reaction. Turn into a dragon. (all laugh) (blows raspberry) (laughs) Ooh, shnikies! It's like inspiration. It's amazing. Anastasia Steele fell in love with Christian Grey just like that? Amazing! (all laugh) I know Laura read that. I mean, sure, he can record what her report is if you like, sure, yes. He didn't burn them, we could just-- It's magical of some sort? Do you lot have some sort of a vault here or something? A magical vault somewhere you could send this thing to be far away? Has Emon come back enough to have shops open for business or anything? I don't want to waste time. Everything I do, I have to buy. Sure. Yep. I'm at your disposal. At dawn, we brunch. Don't pressure her. I ate a lot of sugar and caffeine at the beginning of this show. I feel very strange. There is Big League Chew on the floor. And probably in my lower intestine. It was purple flavor.