Because he died. If we can't have Scanlan, at least we've got the shirt. Announcements continue! The Young Avengers? Kid Hulk, Kid Iron Man. It's a ring box. Is it a genuine gold-style ring? I, Taryon Darrington, would like to call to the rest of the gang and say Wait, before we fly away, hold. Oh, okay. Thought it was some sort of power move. I would like to just sort of shout to my friends. Oi, can we, just before we go, could we maybe just swoop down one more time? Just a quick flyby. I have an idea. I feel like we need just an insurance policy when we go talk to the Myriad fellow. I was wondering if Kiki here could maybe throw a spell down before we leave? Is that something? Well here's a question can you make it look like the mouth of the cave isn't there anymore? Has caved in or is covered in dirt or rocks or something? As I said, I feel like when we talk to the Myriad fellow-- oh wait, let me fly over to you. (laughter) Yes, some sort of a thing that would explode when someone comes by. But I know it's crawling with characters down there, so I don't-- should we wait? I don't know. I cannot. Wait, we have to kill more of these fuckers? No. Not really. I can become invisible and fly down there. I can also throw some Fireballs. (sings) You shake my nerve-- Can you fill the whole tunnel with water and drown them? Too big. Too big. To fill the whole tunnel with water and drown 'em? (laughs) Your mind. Pike has an idea! Oh, by the way, I can create a holocaust? Is that what you're doing? (laughter) That's pretty awesome. (laughs) Yeah, I think mission accomplished. Let's go. The Many, the Many, yes. Excuse me, may we sit and talk? Thank you. We have done our share of the bargain, and we're here to cash in our chit, as it were. Might I make a few more requests? When last we spoke, we spoke in vague terms. There was some cash talked about, and also a place for my family to make a little bit of money or food. There's a farmhouse nearby our main estate. It's nothing special, a few acres of land. I would love to keep that as well so that we can have a source of food for the winters. 22. We are most grateful. Understood. I wasn't quite finished yet, though. What we saw down there in the platinum mines was the 230,000 gold that we owe you times ten. Times 20. What we've just done for you has given you access to as much money as you could ever want, and I feel that's valuable. My family will require a bit of spending money to get ourselves back on our feet. We are... accustomed to a lifestyle, and we'd like to maintain it for a little while at least. I'd say 50,000 gold should be about enough to last us for a year or two. What if I sweetened the deal? We have among us an amazing sorceress who could open that mine up for you with a flick of her wrist, save you hours and hours of work. Possibly back-breaking work that could cost the lives of many of your men. (clears throat) So that's a maybe? So that's a hard yes. (laughter) All right. I'll make do, and we'll have to adjust our living standards, that's all. We'll see. Thank you. Bidet. Almost. Absolutely. I guess maybe in the morning? They're probably all asleep now. Yeah, maybe not. We'll go to my house. Yes, it is. I could get a second mortgage! Oh, god. I could refinance. I hear mortgage rates are really low right now. Yes. Berthold? My room? Oh, yeah, of course I'm going up there. All right, I'll stay back down here with the pillow fort thing. Fine. But after they go to sleep, I go upstairs and go back to my bed. Oh, Jesus. Four. Just going to the bathroom! I'll cuddle with the Doty arm. I'm sorry. I'll talk to the help about this. No. I could burn us all alive, though, with one of them. Only one way to find out. How about tea? Good morning, sister. These are my friends, Vox Machina. Grog, Pike, Vex, Vax, Percy, Keyleth. I travel with a group now. I bring news, and I know it's early, but could we have a little family meeting over breakfast? And Mama. She is not. It's nice to be home. Yes, and with your permission, I would like to invite my friends to stay for it as well, as it does concern them. I bring you news, and I bring you a proposal, and as a businessman I hope you'll listen to both. First, the news. It's good news. First, I will not be marrying this Lydia person. There's no need, and also I think we all know I would not be happy in such a marriage, and we should all be free to pursue whomever we love. That's beside the point. It's not necessary, because I have made a deal with the Myriad. A deal that will spare us from any danger, and clear us from all debt. We-- Well, they, really, carried out a task for the Myriad that has absolved us of the debt that you ran up, and we are free and clear. Yes, they don't-- Forgive me for speaking on your behalf. I don't think that they want to collect on a debt. They just did this because we're friends. The forgiveness of debt comes with some strings attached. We will lose most of our property and assets, but we will maintain the homestead here, and all of its possessions and artwork and belongings, we get to keep. We also get the nearby farmhouse and all of the land, and we get a new lease on life, and a new beginning. I think it's an opportunity for our family, and that leads me to my proposal. Father, as much as I have respected you for keeping us safe and providing for us, you have not given us the one thing a family needs, which is love. Real love. You have made sure that we are safe, because you care about our blood, because it is your blood, and you care about the fact that we bear your name, but you haven't given us the opportunity to be a real family, and I believe we can be, if we start out new and fresh together. Here's my proposal. I will come back and live with you, in Wildmount, and I will lead this family to a new chapter. Our business model will change a bit. I propose that we do not engage in real estate anymore, but in another venture. Forgive me, but you have sullied our name. The Darrington name is one of ill repute. We are scoundrels, and we are land barons, and we are awful people, and now we are penniless awful people. But I feel that we can fix it. What I propose is this Our home will be vacated by us. We are going to move to the farmhouse, where we will all live as a family. We will tend to the farm, and we will raise crops together. Our home will be turned into the Darrington Fund, for charitable giving, where people who are down on their luck can come and live and get back on their feet. Now, such a fund will need donors, and you have many contacts in the business world. You, and possibly sister, could run this foundation and spread goodness all over Wildmount, instead of badness and evil. I didn't do that, Father, you did. It's gone. Everything is gone. You don't even own your own house anymore. That's not going to happen. In my year of travel, I didn't just dilly-dally around the world having fun. I was learning about the world and about life and about family. I was learning from these fine people what it means to really be a family, and care about each other. I learned from Grog and Vax what it means to be a man, and to be a father. I learned from Pike what it means to be a caring mother. I learned from Keyleth what a real sister is like, one who loves you and cares for you. I learned from Vex what a best friend is like. These are things you never gave us, growing up. I even learned from Percival... the type of man I would want to marry one day. And we never got that at home. And from this day forth, I'm going to create a home, my home, that I own, that values and respects the opinions of each family member. That cares for one another. Where we stick up for each other, and help each other through hard times, and not just rule by decree. If you don't want to be a part of this, that's fine. You can leave my house. But I want you to stay. I need your counsel, and I need your help, and we need you as a father. I need you and Sister to run this foundation for me, to repair our name and our reputation. It could be great. It could be the best thing that's ever happened to us. And there's more. I have an idea. To create something else. A team of adventurers, based here in Wildmount. The Darrington Brigade, led by me, Taryon Darrington. We will fight for justice, and win battles against evildoers, and spread the Darrington name around the continent. I know I'm getting ahead of myself, but I feel like if we embarked on this new adventure together, it could save our name and repair our relationship. As a businessman, I'm asking you to consider it. Because your other options are... Well, they're not great. I'm going to use Luck. I'm going to see if the fates can help me. That's a 25. I am, too. Oh, yes. My place is here. I'm coming back to Whitestone with you, I have to. I have to retrieve Doty and my personal belongings. Well, I'll come visit. I was thinking, for my Darrington Brigade, I'll need lots of recruits, and maybe I could get some down in Whitestone. You know, fine fighters and young trainees. I even have an idea for my first adventuring partner. I think if I sold my old armor, I could afford that drow for a year, and she lives close by. I've always known that I was not fit to travel with you all, and I know that you all love me, but you don't really like me that much. Oh, I can be kind of a dick sometime. Oh, the bakery! I'm really bad at baking too. Yeah, I am. Sure, sure, that makes sense. I'll come down and visit a lot. You know, once every year, around Winter's Crest. Well, I mean, it's a long way, and I can't Tree Stride or whatever you call it. Listen, let's not do this now. I'm coming back with you. I have to go get my robit. All right? You're leaving, too? Oh my god, are we all breaking up? I didn't mean to do this! I didn't know this was going to happen! I need to go say good-bye to Mama, that's it, then I can go, all right? She literally has no money to travel. All right, I'll go find Mom. Mama, I'm sorry to spring all of this on you and I must go back to Whitestone with my friends, to tie up some loose ends, but I'll be back soon. Days, maybe a week. In the meantime, though, can you think about something for me? The charity. Papa and Sister can run it, they have smarter business acumen than I do, but the brigade, I was wondering if you wanted to do it with me. You have a taste for adventure, you could help be our manager! Tend to us when we're injured... I don't think that's true! Yes, yes! Remember in Escape from Brave Mountain? Remember the kindly old wizard who stayed back and tended to the injured and fed them when they were sick with that mystical plague that they got? You could be that old-- Yes. Think about it. Read the book again. And when I come back, we'll talk. Okay! Do you have a color in mind? On it. I give her a big hug. Me too. Mama, this is going to be fun, fun, fun! Maybe! All right, let's go. You just killed the tree. Do they have something in royal blue? Are they selling or are they just setting up? He's day-drunk. Oh, yes, I should Identify that. I'll Identify that. Okay, great. Thank you for reminding me that I do that. No one can see you. Oh god. Oh god! Much, much bigger than Hardwick! (laughter) She's a gnome. Taryon Darrington! In drawers? I'm not going to eat any mutton from drawers. Ten. He's this really creepy weirdo they always talk about. Is this Scanlan? Whispers! The Scanlan Shorthalt t-shirts are available on the store right now. Travis is wearing one. You can see it maybe on your screen. He's doing a little jig! Boop boop do boop boop! Boop boop! Buy your shirts today. Did you see anything about it? No, no, you can go ahead and tell us! I think that was a threat. You said workers? Are you a foreman of some sort? What about this guy? I mean... Wow. I mean-- Yeah, I'm pretty sure I can do better than this guy. I mean, he's really imposing and strong. Also, guys, not to split hairs here, but his boss is literally right there, listening to us. So maybe we shouldn't be talking about recruiting his employee. Whisper! I know! But this guy seems like he would lose a spelling bee to Grog. He's really dumb! That's true. (as Scanlan) Stop! Stop stop stop stop stop! Not here! Not here! Let's go somewhere else. Now. Let's go. They were all there? I thought she just followed me. Is Lionel there, though? Lionel. Please. Go back inside. Go back inside the tavern. I am still he. Please, go back inside the tavern. Wait for me there. I'll grab her by the hand and pull her into... Is there a back alley or a side place or a shadow anywhere? Come with me. When we're safely off the street, I take off the Hat of Disguise and reveal myself. Hi. Not the whole time, but for much of it. I didn't know if I could talk to you all. There's a lot to talk about, but not here. I have appearances to keep up, I have people depending on me who work for me. I am many things. Well, I am. Yes, I am, but it's not what you would think. I'm not a bad guy. This is not the place to talk about this. Listen to me. Vex, there will be a time to discuss this, but right now, I'm casting Modify Memory on you. Yes. That's not good. Six. Constitution saving throw? Do we accidentally kiss? Is that what's going to happen here? Damn it! You can't tell them! You can't tell them! How long does the hat take? Okay. Hat on. (whoosh) It's hard to do, but yes. As he should. Kill them? It's okay, stand down, Lionel. I can defend myself. You are my best man, and I appreciate your concern, but these people pose no threat to us. They are beguiled by our foreign ways and they are scared of what they do not understand. I do have information to share with you. I mean. Percival's guns are really cool, and I've always wanted to have some of my own, and I used all of my ammunition over the year, and now I just have this pistol. And I produce the pistol. But it has no bullets! I don't know how to make any more bullets! I need more bullets! I'll take off the hat. Lionel, we'll talk about this later. I have many forms and I am-- Did you just piss your pants? I have many forms and I master magic that you will never understand, but know this The money I pay you is real, so you still work for me. All right. Just hang tight. I mean, you can stay, stay here. Mop yourself up or something. You're a good man. I'm sorry I do these things to you. I'm strong of heart. Yeah, but now I can't erase his fucking memory. Hey, man, it's my bag of tricks, all right? Okay. Let's go back inside the tavern, but just know this. He doesn't drink, all right? All right. You're my guy. I have to go check on Doty! Look at the time! Good-bye! The skeevy asshole that you always talk about? He's pretty handsome. What? All right. All right. You all can stay. It's been a while. Yes. Yes, just stay. It's fine. I would've done what Scanlan would always do. I would've won and killed you. I mean, I'm super powerful and awesome. I know. I know. But for now, let's just catch up. What have you guys been up to for the last year? Oh, you did your Aramente! You did? That sounds nice. Anybody else ascend to new heights? No? Yes? I went traveling a bit. I did what gnomes do, I went into the forest with Kaylie. Forest gnomes do. And we talked, and we sang songs, and we camped, not in the mansion, just in a tent. We had some good times and bad times together, and eventually we found our way to Ank'harel, and some stuff happened, yadda yadda, and I'm here now, you know? Is he? She's with me, yeah? No, did we leave her back there? She is... It's complicated, but right now, she is the Meat Man. She is back in Ank'harel, taking on the business while I'm off here. Pretty good. We're a good team. Yeah. 'Like' is a strong word. We're fine, she and I. We're a team, and she's taught me some stuff, and I've taught her some stuff, and we operate together. We went to Ank'harel to get a little simple revenge, and it turned into something more than that, and I didn't mean to, but I guess I became one of the three largest crime bosses in Ank'harel. Eight months, really. We traveled around close to here. We were only 20 miles away for most of the first couple months, and then it took us time to get there. Don't worry, though, I'm not a bad guy. I just sell things, trinkets, furniture, art pieces, antiquities, that sort of thing. Nothing dangerous. All fake. Rat bastards. People who deserve it. People with money to burn, and people who have done wrong in their lives. I take some back. I had information, and you had to know it. It's important. We found another one. Lionel did. The ziggurat. No, no, I mean, there's the one you found, and then there's one here. Yes. Will you tell them what you saw? Can I clarify, these are all hired men of mine. They're not his buddies. I pay them all. I mean, maybe they're friends now, but, okay. That's fair. That's fine. I had learned of someone new coming into town and stealing some magical artifacts and leaving some dead bodies, and it wasn't my organization, and it wasn't any of the other two leading crime organizations, I found out through my whispers. So it was someone new, and I wanted to find out who it was, so I sent Lionel, my best man, and his buddies to investigate. I mean, all the details are good, just, when you tell a story, lots of details. Yeah, yeah, paints a picture. Ziggy stardust. Ziggurat. And a person. Sorry, sorry, I don't want to cut you off. Keep going. Keep going. I assumed that... Yes? And dark hoods, executioner-style. It's a couple weeks. (laughter) It was hard to tell. His face is always green, so we couldn't really tell. No, I'm sorry. I lied to you. I didn't know. Listen, I wanted to tell you this information, but I didn't know how to do so. I still don't know what's going to happen. You all might draw your knives and kill me right now, I just wanted to get this information... Thank you. Just some ammo. For my gun that I have. Yeah. No, please don't give it back. You would go investigate. No. You would go investigate and I would go back to my job. Yes. 37. I've thought about you all a lot, during this year, and I owe you all an apology for leaving you, and I don't know what I'll ever do to make it up to you. No, you didn't. There was a night. There was a night early on, a few weeks after I left you. It was just me and Kaylie by a campfire, and she was asking me about myself and my life, and she has this thing. I don't know if it's a spell or a special ability, but she can always tell when I'm lying. She's the only one. And I was trying to spin some sort of bullshit to her about my past, and she called me on it, and said, the truth. Let me hear it. And I told her everything. I told her about all the lives I had ruined, and about the women, and about all the other Kaylies out there that I know of, and the ones that I can only assume exist. And everything. And she spat at me, and she gave me this scar with her knife, and she left. And I thought that was it. I had ruined it. But before dawn, she came back, and she unrolled her bedding, and she went to sleep, and woke up the next morning, and said, what's for breakfast, Dad? And I realized that I've been wrong, that you don't leave your shit behind and keep going. You take it with you, and the ones you surround yourself with better get used to the smell. And she stayed with me despite all my flaws. And when I left you all, it was the first time that I had realized that you were all really flawed people. Really flawed people. And I left. And I did not come back. And I was wrong, because family sticks around even if you kind of hate the other person. And I didn't. I betrayed you. And I've lived with that shame for a year. Well, I have a purpose. I have a job. People depend on me. Strong people, like this guy. That's you. Yeah. And smart people, and Kaylie. And I'm a pretty big shot. Well, it's a metaphor. I knew I was part of something, but I always thought I was... I've been a storyteller, but I didn't think I was part of the story. And for the last year I've been the story, and it's felt good. But I'm back, and I've given you the information, and you can tell me what you'd like me to do next. I doubt it. It's good to see you all. I don't really know what to do now. I have... I really don't know what to do now. And that's a new feeling for me. I have information. We should travel back to Ank'harel so I can show you. And maybe then you all can decide what to do. Whether to part ways, as friends or enemies. But I can help you. I know people there, and I can get you safe passage, fine accommodations, the best food, even some realistic-looking antiques. Grog? All right. Should I go now? I should give them some time. Okay. Lionel. Thanks for sitting through all this. I really appreciate it. Oh, really? The good ones or the bad ones? I'm sorry. I know you've had a bit of a rough life. No, no, no, you don't have to. We're already weird right now, so I'm cool. It's eight AM. Where are you guys right now, by the way? Is Lionel with them? Would you like to go with them or stay with me in my sad room? I, Taryon Darrington, rolled a 14. I'm with you guys. I'm Taryon Darrington. I stand up and I say, I've seen this before. He will attack brutally. Drink this. And I shove a Swift Step draught in his mouth. You can run 80 feet now every turn. Plus three damage. He takes half-damage. But you did great. You get two attacks, but you're raging, so you get a third attack? But he does get two attacks. Oh, shit, his is huge. Now he has to roll damage. Reverse pile-drive. Oh, that crits! But he's raging, so another three. He's down 22 hit points. Plus five is six? So one plus five plus three. It's over? I'm pretty sure this makes you a member of Vox Machina now. Well, that's what happened to me, they attacked me and then I was in. He'll need a straw. Thank you, because I don't have much. Well, let's not call names. Yes. Yes. I am. Taryon Darrington, pleased to make your acquaintance. Hi. I'm going to be leaving soon. (laughter) Uh, please don't. I'm very dainty. Nope. Usually not. Nope. Nobody does. So far, so good. Wait, wait-- (whispers) Ank'harel. And ducks. No. It's like rock-paper-scissors. You are a cleric. Is he still raging? He beat it. Just leaves the bar with the glass. He really would be good for the brigade. Yeah, yeah. Absolutely. I like him a lot. I'm staying for a little while. I have to find Doty. I have to find Doty and get some stuff, and then I've got to be on my way. Yes? Well, I know you're taken, and, you know. I meant it. I get it. I get it. You're sort of making it worse. No, this is all good. I love how you've all fallen in love with Chod over here. It took you guys a full two weeks to even stomach me for a day, but that's all right. It's fine. No, he's great, though. We're instant love with him. Yes? What? Percy? What should I do? But they can't hear me. I shouldn't text my apology? You did? You are my best man! Sure, sure. Yeah, no, it is. But did I buy him a room, or is he just sort of...? Okay. Yeah. If anyone tries to kill me, kill them. Oh, you do? The ducks. Yes, I know this about you. Do we have ducks near us? What are you going to ask them? All I hear is quacking, right? He's just quacking at the duck? Okay, thank you. The duck knew that? That is crazy. No, no, no. Yes. Have Vox Machina been happy? Yes, we will definitely do that. Absolutely. Yeah. You need to use that skill more often. You know what the problem is, we don't have as many ducks in Ank'harel. You've been great this whole trip. I'll tell you what. I'm going to buy some ducks, and just keep them back in Ank'harel for you. They can be your little birds. No, I'm a little guy. Ow, ow. Please do. I mean, I was told to come apologize and find them. I'll go seek my friends out there in the world. Where am I going? Hello? It's me, Scanlan Shorthalt. I don't know, where is everybody? I don't want to disturb them. They're by themselves, alone. Should I go knock on their doors? Okay. I'll go find-- Do I know where they're staying? I'll go knock on Grog's door. No, you sleep it off. Yeah, you've had too much chocolate milk. Grog. It's me! Scan-man! Can I come in? I Dimension Door into the room. You okay? You didn't come to the door. Big fella. I let him go. I take a shit on his bed -- no, I'm kidding. I'll walk over to Pike's room, then. Hello? It's me, Scan-man. Just to talk and say hello. Just to apologize again. Hey, listen. I know that we haven't seen each other in a while, and we left on weird terms. And everything that's happened between us. But I want you to know that I held no ill will towards you, and I thank you for agreeing to my request, a while ago, to look after Kaylie if I should fall. And I'm glad it didn't come to that, but it's an honor to know that you would have even considered it. Sure, sure. What? Well, that was a cheap shot. I don't. Pike, I don't have anything to say in my defense. I was wrong, about the whole thing. I was not a good friend, and I was not a good teammate. And I'll have to live with that. But I can tell you this. I like who I am now, and I didn't then. So maybe, someday, we'll meet, and you'll get to know the new guy, but if it's not meant to happen right now, that's okay, and I understand. And I will go back to what I was doing before. No. No, that's not what I meant. I meant, I like who I am now that I know my daughter, and I know that no matter what, I have someone out there who's rooting for me. And no matter what happens, I've got that. And I... Yeah. That's it. I don't like what I've been doing the last year in terms of, you know. I've been breaking the law a bit, which I know you don't love. But I'm doing things that I want to do for me and my girl, and it's been rewarding and it's been fun, and that's all that matters at this point. I'm comfortable with the bastard that I've been, because I know that the man I am now is different. So I can't make everybody happy anymore, and I think that was my problem before. I was trying to make everyone happy, and that's not my goal anymore. I'm sorry if I hurt you. I'm sorry how I treated you when we first met, how I ogled you and flirted with you relentlessly. That was disrespectful. But what I'm most sorry for is that you met me then, and not now. And that's all I can say. Okay. Good night. I'll leave. And I'll just phone Vex real quick and say, hey, didn't work. I'm going to go back to Ank'harel now. Yeah, it's not working, it's not great, so, nope. I'm sure it does. I'm outside Pike's room, weirdly. I mean, I think she can hear me talking through the door. No, no, no, I'm really outside her door, talking. I'm sure she can hear me through the door. Yeah. Yeah. Pike, can you hear me? Yeah, she can totally hear everything. Oh, hi! Hi, Keyleth. That would be a sweet close to it. I met you in Ank'harel, didn't I? I'm down. I'm going to leave the little rock thing that Grog gave me right outside his door, and I'll get Lionel up at first light, and I guess we'll set off for Ank'harel. I got no other way to get there. It was not offered. Didn't you just say I will see you there? Wait, so you want to travel with me? Oh, okay, well, then I'll stick around. Yeah. You need me to find this thing, so I'll lead you to it. I'll try-- Well, does it have any... Chod? Ducks everywhere.