No, it switches. It switches? Just one at a time. Wait, wait. And, we finally have the "How do you want to do this?" T-shirts back in stock in the shop. So those who missed that, we finally, finally got them back up in stock on the website, so if you're looking for those, they're available. For sure. As far as I know, it can't even really move. Fuck yes. "Am Stonejaw Strongjaw. "Returned from the realm of the dead." Yes, yes, yes, that's good. Keep going, keep going, you're doing great! I love you! Okay, uh-- (laughing) Kevdak's son Zanror killed me in dishonorable combat! (laughing) "Kevdak's son Zanror killed me "in dishonorable combat!" I can't go to the other side until I have avenged my death. "I cannot move on to the other side "until I've avenged my death!" (laughing) (growling) The Goliath goes, "Sorry, then." (laughing) As he steps out of the room, the guy with the straggled beard who you gather is of a different type of a tribal background than the Goliaths, just kind of gleans an eye untrustingly. "Yeah, Strongjaw, you say, "how strong is that jaw of yours?" And throws an ax towards it. It just passes through and clatters behind. Okay. Quick, say "You idiot, I am but a projection". "You idiot! (laughing) "I am but a projection!" The real Stonejaw is currently outside the main gate, waiting for a battle of revenge against Zanror. Send him now. I know. Sorry, Kaylee. "The real Zanror stands outside this city gate, waiting... "For vengeance against Zanror!" You're doing great, you're doing great! "Bring him now, or you all shall suffer!" That last part was improv! That was amazing, Kaylee! (laughing) (grunting) There's like a slight pause. "Can I have my axe back?" I motion to Dr. Dra to throw it back to him. He runs over, feels for it, looks around. Wow! "There's like four gates into the city. "Which main gate?" I don't know, do I know what it looks like? These shirts? Not those shirts, these shirts! How do you wanna do this? How do you wanna do this? We already hawked those. It's 180 feet! As a bird? We are the best at planning. 83? That's pretty good! (laughing) And they're prone. (laughing) (mimics shooting) Uh, that's... That's with retort, I'm not using the big gun. 18, 19... 21? 21 hits. And then they, every time they hit, they take damage, and they also... Yeah, they don't even have a save. Oh, boy. Not his strength. 13. 13? Plus... (laughing) All right. As you say that... One of the two individuals has pulled their way out. Humanoid, kind of a grizzled beard. Their eyes kind of go wide, and he just stands still for a second. The other one is a Goliath who, as he approaches, you get a familiarity with, you remember this individual. Little younger than you. Has a pretty, pretty heavy scar from the bottom of the chin that goes down to about the sternum. Named by, by the name of Suda who just kind of steps forward, gives you a look-over and goes, "Strongjaw, ha. "You're a Grog stronger, that's what you are." Fool. You know not who I am. I have not come through flame and death to deal with filth like you. "He's a bleedin' liar." "Come on, you guys have been had." And he goes ahead and takes the two hand axes, he throws them in the air and kinda catches them. He goes (grunts) and rushes in towards you. However, he's unable to make anything else this turn except movement into face-to-face with Grog. We'll say, for the purposes of this open space, Grog will be there and this one... And where's the pit? The pit is about 10 feet behind the guy who's standing, actually, I should probably put him there right now. Do you like to draw, or sketch, or just doodle? Eagle. You need one over there. Grog, your round of retribution is up. Pike, you wanna do anything? Uh... No, I'm gonna hold. That is the correct answer. (laughing) Yeah, I mean, maybe it's 15 feet, but he doesn't know numbers, so... It's strength. Okay, it's strength athletics check contested by his athletics or acrobatics. You push him five feet away from you, or prone. Oh, the tension and the drama! 56? Oh, Jesus. As some time has passed, you guys have waited it out. Mm-hmm. What are you planning to do? (sighs) I mean, I have to get these people out of the city, I guess. So, they know the location of the entrance to the sewers, correct? Kaylee had said that she knew, yeah. All right, well then, I'm just going to... Shit. Do I know that the Goliaths were working with orcs at all, or... Was it just Goliaths, is it-- Well, no. From what you've heard from when... When Grog was interrogating the first member of the herd that you guys found on your way south through Westruun, there-- it was a largely Goliath herd that had been challenged by and then defeated another clan and then absorbed them, and the other clan involved a lot more varying races and specialities. There were half-orcs, there were some kind of wild elves that were part of the crew, and a lot of the brigand humans. It was very much kind of like just-- defeated their leader, took in the others because their choice was to either die or join. She's so good! Slinks out the door, looks back and forth for a moment. Leans back in. "Coast is clear." She nods. You see a troop of about... It would be 12 half-orc looking barbarians of varying aggressive stances start pouring out of a broken temple and into the street. I swoop down a little closer. And attack us! (laughing) Continue to move, as fast as possible. You move southward past one sequence of alleys to the next street, south, and Kaylee continues to usher up to the edge of the alleyway. She looks back and forth. Nods, and you guys walk into the street again. As you step into the street, a voice goes, "Hey!" And Kaylee stops and whips around and looks in that direction, and you can see a group of three individuals, led by one Goliath and there is one kind of wild-looking elf who has, like, face-paint strewn across the front of their expression, with this long, almost dredlocked, light brown hair, and what looks to be an older human with, like, streaks of black and grey, and this long, long beard that's tied off near the stomach. Bare-chested, with, like, scars across the chest and they all kind of loom up as the Goliath steps up, pointing out, "We need you to the west gate!" And he kind of steps up. "Who's your watcher?" I step forward and say, "He was killed by that gnome." "Gnome? Where'd you see it?" "Right in the center of town. "He was a scary undead gnome, and he's roaming about. "Kevdak sent us to search for him." Make a deception check. (groans) 19. 19! So ugly. "Center of town, aye? "Well then, you should probably come with us, then. "See if we can swarm it." If I may, if I may actually, (laughing) Kevdak said to follow the gnome, and he ran this way. I'm sorry, we have to follow Kevdak's orders. Not that again. (laughing) And then I-- Someone fell down a well? (laughing) I come out of raven form. Not on my shoulder. Not on his, well, maybe I kind of like slide off. Sorry! Sorry. What did you see? Report, report! Okay. They are ripping all of the townspeople out of their houses. It looks like they have their own counter plan for a situation like this. There was also a band of very strange orcs heading this direction, they were acting strangely, I don't trust it. We can either get out ahead of them, or try and wait and see if... I don't wanna drop from... Pee. And what looks to be a shattered quarter-staff that may have been landed on. (groans) Beyond that, you're gonna have to get sifting through the remains, it's not gonna be a fun experience for what little you may gather. I'll let it go. Amateur Spider-man. (screams) You guys make it a couple of streets before you reach a point where this block does, 'cause the main street intersects with another main street that goes southward and the gap is about 30 feet to jump across and you know from experience that you couldn't do that with a regular jump. I've got an idea. If you give me the broom, I'll just hold on and plant me down if we see anything. We'll just keep low by the roof. (laughing) Oi, oi. But... It was a distraction. Idiots on broomsticks flying around. Are we all together now? Oh, okay. Probably down to 20 or 30. Well. Wait, there was 30 or 40 to start, and we killed nine of them? Remember, he said we were down to like 50. We killed, like, nine-ish. I've got a plan. I go to the center of town. Yeah. I create a distraction. (laughing) Where are we trying to get? Where is that, and why would we be there? Well, that's Pike's grandfather. So I know, but does that provide us with some strategic advantage? No, but we might be able to see if he's all right. They've probably dragged him to the center of town. How can we get through this? Go ahead, Pike. We could go to the center of town and check to see if he's there. After we take care of business... And then hopefully he's not there. I mean, he could provide a lot of help. Well, wait. The thing might help us, who knows? It was a red brick two-story home-- Are we close to the edge of town? About, like, a five, six minute walk. A brisk jog, I should say. It's close, but it's not, like, right outside. Wait. I'm sorry, but we need Pike with us. Can't you bless him or something? Well, wait, wait, wait. Oh, Jesus. So wait, sorry, it's just, I found this old joke book, I thought you might wanna hear this joke. And I pull out my... (laughing) Bull strength scroll. Oh, thank god. And I'm gonna read him the bull strength scroll. Can I affect him with the +5 strength? Well, the bull strength, as an ability, just gives him advantage on strength, which he already has. Oh! I thought it was a +5 to strength, no? You must've pulled those stats out of the old Pathfinder game. Oh. I have had this for a long time. Well then, in that case, I'll just, I'll sing you a rousing song to put you on your way! (clears throat) ♫ The stars at night ♫ Are big and bright (clapping) ♫ Deep in the beard of Strongjaw ♫ (laughing) Take your d10. Never worry about me. You can't do it multiple times. Scanlan? Is there some sort of-- Too late! Is there some sort of ritual that we need to do together to make this happen? Great. Wait, wait, wait! (laughing) Don't you dare die happy. Didn't we just talk about this? What? Give him the fucking rock! The rock that he can bamf out of there with! It takes a minute. So? It's something. A minute's a long time. Oh, all right, forget it! I reach into my Bag of Holding and I pull out my trusty salt lick rock, and I kneel down to Pike. I say, "Hey, hold this for me, all right?" Okay. Yeah. Just keep it safe, I don't like getting blood on it. But listen. I can't lose you twice in one day, okay? Oh, no, I'm not going anywhere. We're just going to meet some really bad folks and we're gonna set 'em straight. Okay. (laughing) Go get 'em, okay? Oh my god! Thank God. You are the shadow that stalks the guilty. (laughing) Ooh, that's our girl! 37. All right. As you guys are stalking behind, there's a moment where you all duck into one of the alleyways and as Pike spins into the alley, the edge of her shoulder armor, being wider than her actual form, catches the edge of the building, causing this large (clang) sound. The sound of bending metal clanging against itself. At which point, the troop behind Grog immediately spins around. "Did you hear that? "Is anyone following us?" And as you've kind of kept walking forward, you feel the point of a blade just kind of gently press into your lower back. Good lord, you're awful jumpy. See, when I was last with this herd, the mates that I ran around with weren't so quick to jump and hide behind their mother's skirts. Keep your attention focused on me, son. We've got important dealings to meet with. Keep walking. The blade pulls back. As you continue to step forward, you hear a little whisper behind you. And you kind of glance over and look as the halfling and the female with the kind of hooked rapier both break off and begin heading back towards the alleyway. No problem. So, as you guys step forward, you guys now lurking in the alley kind of pull off into the shadow. Listening, you hear very, very light footsteps beginning to find their way in your direction. Can we wait until they come around the corner? I'm gonna continue-- I'm gonna continue following Grog just-- Are we gonna wait and jump them? Or do you want me to stop them? We're all split, right? You guys are all, are you guys divided into different groups? Can I attack? You can now, yes. I will use the Myth Carver. Oh, wow. Oh my God. Has this happened before? No, we just got this. I don't even know what, I think I'm going to need help. Okay, let me help you. This is why we're here. Okay, roll an attack. Okay. You got this. I don't know how to-- Use the die. Okay, I'm gonna hold the sword, and I fumble with it, hold it up again, and then close my eyes and just kinda go like this. Okay, so the attack gives you advantage, but the blindness gives you disadvantage, so just roll an attack. Plus, eight. 12, plus eight? Double, OK. Roll once and then, roll d8 and d6, double that number, add your bonus. It's just that easy. Roll a d8 and a d6. That's a six. Okay, so that's nine, I double that, 18. Plus three. Plus three is 21. I didn't mean to, ah, this is... You pull it out and it's still kind of vibrating a little bit, there is no blood on the blade, the actual like, the sonic vibrations of the weapon managed to shake free any possibility of any of the gore sticking to the weapon. Oh, that's sick. Kinky. Can I have everyone make another stealth check? 22. 30. 34. No, Pass Without a Trace is gone, you used Hunter's Mark. Do we run? Yeah, yeah, yeah, we disappear. We disappear. We hide. Okay. You guys begin to vanish, make one more stealth check to see if you leave any tracks behind or any followable trace. She's the worst! I hate my armor! And I love it in battle. There's a set you never quite picked up from Gilmore. They've moved on Keyleth. Then I try and find them, still in my form, but misting about. Okay, so (imitates wind), this little burst of wind that comes up to the rooftop, and as you get up there, you can see a couple roofs over, a couple of dots, the rest of your companions that are slowing making their way along the road. Well, I recognized a couple earlier. Oh my God. It's beautiful and it's all made out of cake. (laughter) I'm holding Pike's hand. (laughter) This is the part where Matt plays dolls. Wait, Kevdak just grew? Yes. Oh my God. Well, we've been... You guys have been following to get to this area. We probably went up with Vex, probably, yeah. We don't know what we're doing. Okay. Vax, where are you? Trinket's going to make some noise. Initiative? That's a risk. (laughter) You had inspiration, by the way, would that have helped at all? There are side openings, like areas here, where you could step out, but you get the sense that, as people are gathering around, they would be plugging elements of this exit, to prevent you from... closing the gap. With my bonus action I yell "Coward!" And that's it. It worked. I've got more. Dammit. I mean... Who did this illustration again? Oh yeah, I remember. (gasps) (quietly) No, no Grog. And I will shout out "Vox Machina!" "Fuck shit up!" (cheering) And we're going to go ahead and end it there this week. (loud exclamations) It's 11 o'clock guys. Oh, all right. (groaning) It's 11 o'clock. Let's call it. And we had a very long Critmas and everything the week before, so let's go ahead and we'll call it tonight. We'll pick up right at this ridiculous moment next week. I think you can take him. We'll figure it out. You're fine, you could go for another six rounds! Yeah, a little. Yeah, Grog's done 34 points of damage. Wow, out of like 500 hit points probably. There's different paths to a barbarian, there's the frenzy path, which is all about damage, there's the totem path, which totem of the bear means your half damage for everything except psychic damage. Grog, quick, be psychic. (laughter) Good luck with that guys. But yeah, this is where that totem really shines. That's true.