Yeah, are we good, guys? Are we good? What's going on over there? There's lots of people pulling out their hair. A lot of people doing this. (panicked sounds) Twitch has sound? We're good to go? Hi. You know, Backblaze is one of our top two favorite sponsors. (laughter) Backblaze, that's right. One point for Laura. Okay. Here the game begins. The opposite color of white, and the topmost part of a helicopter. Classical composer Johann Sebastian, and a hairstyle made popular by Pippi Longstocking. Laura Bailey. Two points. You just have to say it. Pages of paper bound together and a climbing or rappel technique. Is it two-to-two right now? Okay, this is not a real game. I invented this on the drive over! Okay, one more. You know what? You guys aren't playing anymore. This is between Laura and Travis. You know what? I'm going to do two more, just because I love them. Popular Ben Folds Five song, and the abrasive sound a donkey makes. Brick bray, yes! One more. One more. To get stoned and to get stoned. It's bake blaze. Anyway, Bakeblaze is an unlimited cloud backup for Macs and PCs. It can backup fanart, fanfic, music, photos, videos, drawings, documents, all of your data. You can restore by mail. If you crash, they'll send you a hard drive. It's amazing. Go to backblaze.com/criticalrole. (cheering) Oh, yeah! #CriticalCostumes. You explained the competition? So just to be clear, the winners are not going to be announced next week. It's the week after. We don't know what the prizes are. But it will include my shirts. Yeah, this is my shirt. Forever. Can I just pull off a scale? A single scale. Is that really hard to do? Two. It's actually three. Great. I'll grab one and then I'll immediately start yelling for Tooma. (yelling) Tooma! I'm going to go with. I'm going to Polymorph into an eagle. Is Tooma with them? I'm following him. I'll drop my form and throw the scale in front of her. It's done. There's your fucking dragon. But we'll need something more than just thanks. We have two requests to make of you. One, this is not the final fight. There will be more, and unlike this fight, we would expect your aid in the next one. Is that something you can guarantee us? We don't know yet, but you have many men, and they seem like good fighters, so we may call upon you in the future. Hopefully, it won't be immediately. And might I remind you that you did not help us in this fight. We did it all by ourselves. You told us that you would have men there to help us, and there was nothing. We almost died. You knew when the fight was. One more request, before we go. Once we're long gone, you can feel free to inspect this hill where the dragon slept, and be very careful in disarming any traps that you might find there. I would ask you one favor for us we lost a friend in this fight, a dragonborn. He's buried near here. We'll tell you where. We would like a proper tomb for him on this hill, where the dragon slept. Could you build a statue, a fine statue, a handsome statue of Tiberius Stormwind, and bury him underneath it. And on the pedestal, could you please write, "I encourage peace." Teach your people of him, your offspring, that he was a brave dragonborn that wanted to unify all of your peoples. Good luck. What are you looking for? For what? What are we looking for? What am I looking for? Grog, what am I looking for? Booty? Just dragon booty? It would be up where the dragon sleeps, not down here. All right, I will peer down into the ice below us with my 21 perception. Nothing there, Grog. Sorry. (whispering) Just look right there, friend. (whispering) Right there. He's my BFF. We're outside the perimeter of the gemstones or the the main portion of the lair, right? I can give us a little bit of fire? Ooh, they can do that? I have a fireball. I'll send a fireball over there. Back up a little bit. Well, you'll get burned. I'm not going to burn you, Grog. Just take ten feet. All right, I'll send a wand of fireballs down. I don't know, is that magic actually hot when it goes off? We don't want to make too much of a disturbance here. Let's just take some stuff on the outside. Just grab whatever's closest and leave. I will look for weapons of any sort. Ooh, 30. Investigation, right? Did you suck or something? Okay, I will add my bardic inspiration. I will sing to her. (singing) Something in the way I wink, inspires you like no other gnome can. Something makes you stop and think, how did he get so handsome? How did he get so suave? I'm sorry, who? Thank you. That was easy! Like a back braid? I can't use this, so I'll just leave it. Do you want it? Check it for traps. 'Tis clean? You hold it, I can't hold it, it's too heavy. It weighs as much as I do. What can we lose from the bag of holding? With Brexit, it's not worth as much any more. Ten gold pieces per platinum. So that's another 120 grand. Grog. Vex. We don't need to tell the others about this We could go to a warm place, the three of us, and live out the rest of our days. They'll never find us. We have the Dust of Tracelessness. We might need her to restart civilization. Ten dragon scales, the end. Grog is dumping stuff out of our Bag of Holding. By the way, excellent note-taking and keeping track of what's been in the bag of holding. Wouldn't that alert Thordak? He would instantly know that we're not in our home base, he could launch an attack on that place. I assume it wouldn't fly very well, but all right. What are we going to do with a mast? We'll stick a Google Maps pin here. We'll always know it's here, because when we come visit Tiberius' grave, we'll also leave some flowers and take a mast with us. All right. Let's go back to the main group and tell them what we've discovered. A room? Sure, in the kitchen there's a chilly room. The mansion will expire in 12 hours though. We could bring it into the kitchen for now. A lot of things that we don't know what they are. When did you learn Celestial? Got some meat tenderizer on that? Gold mast, underneath the hoard. And also, much more gold and platinum that we can't possibly carry. Are we in any danger staying here, leaving our special hidey place unprotected? No, I'm talking about your homeland. Leaving it unguarded. We know that Raishan's out there, doing something. Because it's a black stone? Why don't you Detect Magic, whoever can Detect Magic? I can look at it and see if it looks magical. Ooh, 20! Platinum zirconia. No. Do you paint a face on it, or anything? That's very maternal. Leather boots, could be anything. Oh sure, I'll look at those. Wow, 24! Arcana check, yeah? I have no idea. However, they look fancy. Go ahead, put one on, what could happen? We're in a safe place. Wait, what if it's single use only? It's a boot, it's probably made for multiple uses. AC down! By the way, we have two unused Ring of Protections that we can trade for things. I have one that I haven't used in months. I've got a vial with yellow and black swirly stuff in it. I'll look at that. I have a gold and platinum band with braids. The back-blades. That's nice. I just gave it to back-blades over here. I have a platinum bracelet which I assumed was just fancy and pretty. Here, look at that one too, Percy. What does it do? Read it! Out loud, with your mouth. No, no, no. Hand it out to somebody. Oh, that one should go in the party inventory. Grog could take the speed. (meowing) Anyone need the Potion of Speed? I have a platinum bracelet? Oh wait, the gold platinum band? The band was a ring? Got it. Yes I do. Oh, it's a thing! I'm stuck here. Oh god. It's a Ring of Invisibility. While wearing this ring you can turn invisible as an action. Anything you are wearing or carrying is invisible with you. You remain invisible until the ring is removed, until you attack or cast a spell or until you get Backblaze. I don't need this. You can pop out, cast a spell and pop back. But not a bonus action. We can always take it back. Provisional. Well, if we're ever invited to a Masqueradé-- is that how you say it? Is it platinum? Does it go with his hat? There's mostly lounges in the mansion. It's constantly aerating. (swirling) I appreciate fine things, and I'm not going to apologize for that. A whole lot of nothing. I'll go down and watch the show, I guess. I'll watch the training show. Fight, fight, fight! Wow, she can become far-sighted earth elementals. (laughter) Does this thing protect you at all? We have to rest. We're all severely injured. Did you aerate it first? If you don't have an aerator, you can put it in a mason jar and shake it up a bit. Well, that's just pedestrian, really. It's not going to work! I do. Doesn't sound right. I pull out Mythcarver and run down the stairs! No. It's definitely an intruder. One. Elephant's going to die. Careful Grog, it has some protection magic on it. It threw me across the room! (laughter) It's got Percival! We must kill this elephant. We got to kill this thing. I will throw a Wand of Fireballs at it. Oh, plenty. I have only used one of seven. Oh wait, what is the damage? It's 8d6. Got it. 26. You're an elephant though. 26. Where's your battle map? Before I'm done I'm going to inspire Grog and say Grog, remember. They never forget! (laughter) I feel like I'm going to have to write some house rules from now on. Blue man group? My hundreds of--? There's no guys here. They're all female servants. I don't know how many times I need to say this. I am sorry for your loss, because it's really excellent once you let it breathe and open up. I'll give you a book later. I have a few. I have a library. When they wake up in the morning, Vax has a bill under his door for three bottles of wine. And Vex for one bottle. And Keyleth for a construction bill of 5,000 gold pieces. It is a scam. (laughter) Just throwing this out there, is there anything to gain by going up to the dragon lair and communicating with Thordak? Is there anything we want to say to him? LAURA and Misdirection? Taunting? Anything? Up in the lair? But don't go alone. You can still get hit with traps. I can hover above you or something. (whispers) Ooh! Precious! Gnomish. That's it. Where are you standing? If he's up top, I would have been up there with him, too. I'm a crow. Circling around, watching him from above. Well, I'm watching the area. (caws) Super boring day for us. Challenge Vax to a peeing in the snow contest. Distance and accuracy. It's gone. Okay. Performance for peeing in the snow. Not good. 18. It's a fair fight. This is a fair fight. Whoa. That's impressive, but you know my wang is built for power, not accuracy. You talking to me? We had an elephant fight. (laughter) Pissing and kissing.