Don't worry Matt, you just have to talk for three straight hours. We are inside this fortress. We are moving towards the armory. We're trying to find the armory or something, is that right? Can we be quiet for a second and see if there's any footsteps around us or guards marching around? Are we in immediate peril or do we have a second? Okay. Ten. (laughs) I'm sure he'll give you half of that. Why don't we just kill them? Let's go kill the duergar. No, this is the area that we haven't been in yet. Wait, what about us!? Jesus. Two duergar, we can take them out in a second! What was it? Metal against metal? Oh, why don't you just keep going forever? Just you? Come on! Huh, what? All right. I'll step ahead and go invisible. Ooh! He does that too? He went invisible! (sings) We're walking down a hall, nobody's watching us. (laughter) Oh no! That's not my flute! (laughter) Get him in the neck so he can't yell. We're here! We're ready to fight. What do you need us to do? Is Kima with us now? Kima, do you see any of your equipment here that you wanted? Can't you just take one of these things and call it a day? (laughter) I'm invisible, I-- Oh! He wants to see in the dark place. Now it's a well-lit wall. (bear noises) Not good. Nothing. Oh boy. Girly scream. Because I'm invisible in the thing with Lady Kima, I get up on a stool to see if I can catch some cleavage. (laughter) (sighs) I give up. Aw, she's just going? I can stop her if you want? Yeah. It's gonna be one of those nights. Check for loot! (laughter) I'm gonna follow-- I'm gonna inch up behind him as well. I'm still invisible, right? How long does that last? Pike, eviscerate the bodies! And throats slit. (laughter) Who we got, who we got? I think Keyleth has to pee. (laughter) Can I hang a right and go down that other hall? Is there a door over there? Closed? I'm going to listen into those doors. Natural 17. (cheering) That could mean nothing. I'm to the right. I went the other way. Wait, I just heard a noise? Oh, okay. Stinking Cloud, can I go through doors, or do I have to see what I'm casting it at? I'm going to open the door and look. 'Cause why not? Okay. Can I look around the guest bedroom? Just kinda snoop around up in things? I'm taking a dump on the guest bed. (laughter) But also just covering it up with a blanket afterwards. Oh. (grunts) I'm invisible. It's poop. (laughter) Scanlan's just like, I hate this mission. (strained) Don't say 'pinched off' to me. (laughter) Is there is a door next to me for another room? Oh, I'm just finishing, okay. She could probably hear, muffled from behind the door, (grunts). Aren't you right next to the guy? Kill him. My invisible pantaloons. I phantom pooped. Did I find anything in there, by the way? I'm coming with him. If I can get there. Ask for? Oh, You're gonna ask the chat room something? Intelligence? Some sort of a mind thing. Who's you two? Oh boy! It was invisible. We'll be out in a minute. We're all dying. No one. Is he a piece on the board yet? Two. Besties. Twinsies. We're still-- Mr. Dungeon Master, sir, this is all the same day. I don't get any of my spells back? I'm gonna look all over the great hall and see if there's any cool stuff in there. Hey, what's the darkness right next to me? Is there a door there? What is that? Oh. I'm gonna open it. Oh, god. I don't even know what that is! (laughs) 15. What does that mean? If I get close to the door without going through it, can I see the guy? Okay, well then I will just-- fuck (laughs). Well, if I can't see him then I will just yell at him. I'll yell with Vicious Mockery. I don't like you very much for poisoning me and my friends, you're a poopy head! (laughter) Ooh. That does seven points of damage. It's Vicious Mockery. It's an attack. (sings) Traps, traps, traps-traps-traps. A labyrinth. He's just not a nice man. Can I look at the door and see if the trap will go off again if we step through it again? 20. I'm going to go in and look around some more. Look around for potions and stuff. Who's the singer here, people? Can I do a-- can I investigate it or arcana it? Yeah. That's a one. Oh wait, no, that's a seven. These dice are horrible. Anyway, it doesn't matter. It's bad. Tiberius, do you want to drink this? For what? Uh, mental note make more t-shirts. Guys, guys, the chatroom just solved the Israeli-Palestinian conflict! (laughter) I can sing to you and give you an extra little roll. Are you Vex or Vax? (laughs) All right, I'll sing to you and-- are you gonna use a dice? (sings) Heal the Vax, make him a better elf. SAM and (sings) There are duergar dying, if you cared enough for the adventurers, you'd bring Vax back to help us with the stabby-stab. Thank you, thank you, thank you. You get a 1d6 for that. To win! Wait, they're above us? Oh, here? Here at-- where we are now? Yes, here? No, no, no. She just said there's a link upstairs. The link from-- to K'varn that we need to-- Let's leave this decision up to Grog. Ah, yes, I have an idea. But also, are there two stairs up to the top floor? Perhaps we should use more than one. One, half of our band go up, create a diversion. The other half sneak up and kill, kill, kill. That's one option. The other option-- Ah, I do have an idea about gaining the upper hand on our first meeting with this army that's upstairs. An intimidation technique of some sort. I can't anymore. Much as I would love to. No, but we've heard over our eavesdropping that some of these duergar bastards are scared of that strange chimera sort of hodgepodge, human centipede thing? We could be one of those with a little bit of deception, and all of us sort of piling on each other. We could act like a big scary monster and go up and freak the fuck out of them. They would probably be, at least for the moment, intimidated a bit, and we could get a few licks in before they realized we're just a pile of idiots running at them. (laughter) But that could be the diversion, at least. Can you transform into anything? How about the type of beast that we know would scare them, like that big triceratops thing that we saw with the big metal thing on it. Does it involve shitting on a bed? (laughter) He has a name. Their god? Maybe you should think it first, think it through first. So some of us are stealthing, you're being a big god who talks loud and is riding a scorpion. How about this-- so, just to clarify, are we all going up the same staircase, or are we going up two separate staircases, Vex and Vax-- You don't know what-- there could be a million rooms up there. The Dimension Door's off the table. But don't use the god thing. But don't use the god thing until we get to the big group. The big thing, if you see a guard, don't turn into a god, you gotta see like more than five people before you turn into a god. I have some inspiration dice to give out, that I can give out as bonus actions. Can I give it out before we go into battle? Okay, good to know. But I can't mass give it out, just have to give it to one person. Okay, and do we want to send Clarota and Kima off through a different staircase so we have at least a backup plan? In those action movies, when there's one guy who goes away for a while, he comes back at the end and saves the day. If we did that-- Cut the red wire. Wait, which is the main chamber that you just-- Oh, that we were listening to at the door. We're doing this? I can do it. Hi! Scanlan here. I don't wanna brag, but I'm a regular Ben Franklin over here. He's a guy, he's a gnome I knew once. I mean, mine's so fricking powerful. Do you want me to shock 'em? One at a time. They were already in a line. I say, (chants) you ugly, you ugly, yo mama says you ugly! And I cast Vicious Mockery. (laughter) 19. Just a five. Yes! I shamed him to death I'm with them. We're the stealth party. Who's going in first? Concentrate. Don't cast too much shit. We weren't talking. Our door is open? That's an attack right there. You want it to be a lot, but not too much. (laughter) Traps. Natural 20. Nothing. Oh, for dex. Plus nothing. Guys, tune in every week for this kind of intense action. (Grog voice) I would like to rage. I step into the room, lining myself up with those two pig, creature, beast things. In a line. Yeah. Can I also catch the king or no? Going for the guys. I don't want to scald you. You're already hurting. I'm going to go straight across the piggies and make them squeal with Lightning. Oh shit, there's a trap. 17, plus what? 19. I cast Lightning on the two beasts. In a straight line. If I can get the king, I'll try. 29. And then, for bonus action, I inspire Vax with a little ditty. (sings) I want to sing a song of inspiration, of inspiration! (laughter) As he does, I sing (sings) Dodge that sexy attack-oh white boy. (laughter) Five. 14. Okay, okay, okay. I'm fine. I'm fine. I've got more than him. Ooh, I forgot about her. That was almost the name of this show. Not as catchy. You still trying to be a god? Yeah, you're all the way over somewhere else, right? I gave you some dice. I gave you, I gave you some dice. It's not going to be enough, though. Not great. 14. I have no dexterity. The old Dominate. Thank you, my love. Don't you shoot me. Oh no! He's stoned! I think you pee on the body and it cures them. Let's try it and find out. I'm next to the king, right? I'm near the king? Over there. Okay. I just make eye contact with him and I mentally tell him that he really has the urge to try to do a headstand. Lay down his weapon and he really just wants to see if he can do it. (laughter) Suggestion. 19. Through the hand cone, through the hand cone. Can I also, as my bonus action-- Who's around me? Who needs inspiration? Who needs inspiring? Who's-- yeah, oh, shit. I'll give Pike some inspiration, 'cause she's my awesome sweetheart. Hit. (higher voice) Hit. Still alive. No longer alive (laughs). What, he is? You never know. He might just start doing a headstand. (laughter) He's so easily influenced. (high-pitched) Someone grab me and leave. Pike, it's all on you, dude. Keyleth. Keyleth. Get us out of here. Hi! You're two feet tall. He's a dragon. With my knowledge of the arcane arts, do I have any knowledge that using my Dispel Magic spell would work on Grog? Or do I just have to try it? Does it take my move to just stand up? But I don't have to be standing to cast a spell-- All right, I'll stand up. And I will-- Jesus, is it better for me to get out of there or get the king? Yeah, but Keyleth is right behind him. I am a tiny, tiny boy. I can only do-- Okay, I swing my Singing Dawnblade at him. (laughs) I have a dawn blade. It's just so lame though! It's so weak! A natural 20. (cheering) So that's eight. Plus seven. Plus the dawn blade gets another bonus attack at disadvantage. I've never hit anyone with a sword before! Five. Five plus-- ten-- I don't know, what am I adding? I've never used a sword before! Six! I-- as I draw back the blade, I say, oh! You should've stood on your head! And I lop it off. (sings) Scanlan make you feel good! Oh! Great, great. I don't know how to use swords! Yay! We've lost Grog again! Son of a-- Wait, we gotta get our stone friends out. No, we don't all run out, they're stone, we have to drag them out, yeah. Wait, Feather Fall, do you have Feather Fall? Oh, it's not a strength check? I'm unfurling my Bull's Strength scroll and reading it so I get a plus five to strength? Is that a thing? Okay, and I start to help, who was pushing Kima? I'm gonna help push Kima out. (sings) Seven! Do I get my Enhance Ability? Are we at the foot of the stairs yet, me and Pike? Natural 20. Aw, that's his best leg. Oh, I left my keys in there! (laughter) Wow, guys.