Yay! After the unboxing? My son is going to love it. What theme is this? Primal. Hey, look! This looks an awful lot like the shirt that Travis is wearing right now! You saw this already? This is a really good box! The bottle opener's really cool. It's a Predator bottle opener. This is a Primal pin. What is this? There's a secret, hidden puzzle thing. The pages are blank and it says "follow "your instinct". What could it be? I'm intrigued! No, it's not. Sam? Oh, Sam's not here. TALIESIN and I'm sorry, I think you mean-- (robot voice) SAM 3000! (laughter) (robot voice) Greetings, humans of the year 2017! I am Sentient Advertising Mechanoid 5000 and I am from the future! Sent from the Planet Lootcrateopia to ensure you simple humans choose the correct time path. After the Water War of 2018, the Oilpocalypse of 2019, and the Oprah Winfrey Rebellion of 2020, your world was plunged into a hellscape that lasted 2000 years. (Sam voice) There's more. (Robot voice) Until the just and tolerant overlords of Fortune 500 company Loot Crate, in their altruistic wisdom, united the factions and brought peace to all by sending every human a Loot Crate. The gesture worked, and all other Fortune 500 companies Apple, Kroger, the evil warmongers of Johnson & Johnson-- (laughter) Oh, what, did I miss something? Wow! New character. Get! You're in the shot, you're in the shot! (laughter) She'll talk her way out of it, like she always does! (laughter) That's a good way to start. Wow, wow. (laughs) This is rough already! Ugh. What was that? What was that? What's that do? What's an erinyes? Ooh! Cool! Advantage? Do it, do it, do it! Just let 'em, just let 'em go! You can fly! Ooh! Nice! Some sound reasoning. Do we have to go anywhere? Are we late to any appointments? That is amazing! Whoa! Whoa! What are you right now?! How do you spell that?! Doty, take that down! Erinyes! Wow. You know, in my readings of this place, the Hells-- Of any hell, really (laughs)-- They typically are, at least in literature, reflected as horrible places where lots of bad things happen wherever you go. So having a deal presented in front of us that is not horrible is, I think, a pretty winning deal. I mean, I feel like we're already ahead of the game if we are not being actively murdered during the course of events. I do my own reading, thank you. Well, then I guess we're in accord. (laughs) Of course! Whip it out. Might be useful. Let's have a look! I'll cast Identify on it. 19. Asmodeus. I was going to say that as well. I feel like we're sympatico on this. I should probably assist. We got two natural ones. Yeah. I think it's a, uh. A contact lens! Scry? Yeah, we don't have that. Oh! Why don't we keep it handy, no pun intended, and we'll just flash it if we get in trouble, and see if that helps us. It's a ring. I said handy. Well. Are we taking this deal, or are we... not? Everything down here is a piece of shit. I like it. What will you do with it? Yes. All right! If I might remind you for 50 minutes, now, at this point now, right? So then we're all dead. I've already done that. We're all tieflings because of me. You're-- abnormal. But if this gentleman, if I may call him a gentleman, can escort us to the right cell block, or whatever, that might be very, very handy. I don't want to spend any more time in hell than we have to, and as much as I usually hate employees revolting against their employer, I feel like we've got a bird in the hand, so to speak, and we should strike while the iron is hot, if I can use many, many cliches all at once. We're about to Say Yes to the Dress, and go and follow this plan, I think. (whispers) I don't want to walk around this place! Well, why didn't you chime in before?! (laughter) I agree. I say we take this deal, kill that employer, and go to prison. Oh my god-- Well, I just want to get the fuck out of here and go back home so I can enjoy some wine! What? You swing back?! Well, Doty hasn't voted yet. Maybe they should arm wrestle for it. Doty. Arm wrestle that bear. (snorts) Give her 35 minutes. She needs a bucket of Vaseline, a feather, preferably from a dove, and 35-40 minutes. (whispers) Where's my Doty stats-- Ten. (laughter) I must wage a complaint. That was not a regulation arm-wrestling match, they did not have elbows down-- It's not my fault that you didn't design your robot-bear to have arm joints. I haven't seen any evidence of that. Please don't, I rust in many places. I don't. (laughter) (whispers) Speaking in tongues. May I? No, let's mime it! (grunts) Coming! Oh my god, it's so long. Super long! Just give me page two! He already signed. No! It's so long, Matt! We can-- well, you read too much out loud. We will read it out loud. Taliesin, take it away. "Second Pact! (robot voice) The scribe, Ipkesh, agrees to--" (laughs) (normal voice) Okay. "The scribe, Ipkesh, agrees to immediately conjure forth a "cadre of devils in service to the recipient--" That's us. "-- whom shall remain under the command "of and dedicated to the protection of the recipient for the duration of one month!" We get a cadre of devils. "The cadre shall include four hamantula and a single osyluth. Should any devils "bound within this agreed-upon cadre be slain outside of Baator, they are absolved of future "service to the recipient. The recipient, our name here, agrees to introduction and installation of "at least two chosen of Dispater, who have been selected by the scribe, within a place of divine "worship of the scribe's choice. The recipient must not interfere with this installation upon "completion, and any interference will be considered a violation of contract. Third pact!" (big inhale) "The scribe, Ipkesh, agrees to immediately impart the recipient with knowledge of "ancient power beyond their grasp, enabling the use of divine powers granted under the grace of Lord "Dispater that can instantly restore themselves or allies to a healthy state--" Ooh, we get health knowledge! "-- or rend the lifeforce from their opponents!" He's giving us magic! "These powers remain within your possession until death! The recipient--" that's us, "-- agrees to immediately lock the claim and ownership of the everlasting soul of the recipient, invoking "the laws of the pact primeval, under the control and dominance of the scribe for all eternity, "sending the soul of the recipient immediately upon death to the scribe to do with as they see fit." We're selling our soul! So, second pact is we get a bunch of devils, and they get to install two in a place of divine worship to be determined. Third pact is we get all sorts of devil magic in exchange for our souls. So we're probably not going to do those pacts-- (laughs) We have to take two devils and put them in a place of holy worship somewhere in the world. If we have some time, I could summon my father's army of lawyers-- No, (laughs) it would take them quite some time to arrive. But they've negotiated tougher deals than this. I think they originated here, but then they moved to where I'm from for the tax laws. (whispers) How do we know when it's evening here? Oh. Sorry. (very loudly) How do we know when it's evening here? They need a tourism board. (laughter) I don't know! We just need a little chunk of prison lock. Vex. You had mentioned that you had a Locate Object spell. Is there any object that this person we're supposed to assassinate has that you have seen and know of? No no no, I mean the one that we came to the Nine Hells for. This Hotis. Like a costume shop? Going in? I have no pockets. Why? Code names? What? Oh! Okay. That's fine, I've been treated worse than this--earlier today. Yeah, yeah, that's what I was talking about! Okay. By the way, our 25 minutes is quickly ticking down. Spines? Wait! We don't have a code name for him! Oh, Freddie, okay. No! What? You don't have it. Oh. But she doesn't? He went to Jared! Mistress, would you like one? I ritually cast Identify on the bracelet. Oh, so it's useless to us. Yeah no, that's fine, that's fine. I -- Detect Magic on it? Is it-- As far as I know, someone is watching this right now. Mistress, would you like this? Oh, really. Okay, sure. Sure. Here you go. 1500 gold. Thank you. I hate to say, "I told you so--" No. I must request that I sign the contract. I can't let you do this, Percy. Unless, of course, you want to-- I--. Wait, so you're signing it, now? I thought I was signing it. Oh. Well, I do think it might actually help me in my future-- Part of it could actually help me. No, not that part. But I could use a cadre of devils at some point. No-- no. Nowhere. We can at least contain in the contract, once our foe is dispatched, that you will help us arrange safe passage out of here. Is there any way in this contract we could add a clause where you preorder a thousand or so books to be sold by you here, later? No, well, we can omit that part, that's okay. (laughter) Greg. Jared. Are you sure you want to do this? We've fought-- Oh, you've fought those before. (laughter) Well, we're a team now. I'll sign it. Maybe I should sign this, I don't want you to corrupt yourself senselessly. Ah! (laughter) PDR. (high-pitched) D-Roll! With an r, or with an h? Let's go plan our attack. Going to sleep. We're sleeping. Oh, all right. Yeah, let's do it. Okay, let's go to sleep. I have someone fanning me the entire night. Yes. Natural 20 here as well. With advantage? Half a boar? We've never done that before. All right. Where do we find this-- Oh, wait, did Zahra-- Vasa spend the night with us? Where is Vasa? All right. Should we go downstairs and find Vasa, because that's who's going to lead us to this place, right? Vasa! Vasa! Well, you said not to whisper. I'm always cool. Go? No, it's not a Polymorph spell. Are we-- yeah, are we wasting spells just to get there? All right. Let's bug it up, then. Right here. 20 foot radius, centered on a point, not on a object. Didn't he say Vasa can get us there, right? Can get us safe passage? I will lead us. 24. 16. Mm-hm. Did I see him break off? I'm going to stick with him. I can try to make us invisible. It won't work? All right. What do you think? Well. I will cast Invisibility on myself. And that's all I can do for my turn. I'm going to stick with Percival, but in an invisible way. I am whispering the incantation for Invisibility into a coin. It does? Fuck. Then I'm not doing it. You said 20 feet behind us? And up? All right, I'm going to reach into my alchemist's satchel and pull out a bag of writhing sticky black tar and hurl it right at his feet. MATT; Okay. It's leaping from windowsill to windowsill, and as it gets to one windowsill you chuck at it? What is this, plus my spell attack bonus? No, it's just an attack? What is this? Am I rolling for the throw, or for the spell? Okay. That's all I got. It's an attack? Shit. Okay, it's worth it. Let's run! 24. 22. Doty, try your best to get in. It's fine. I'll cast Fly on Doty. How high up is it? Wait, don't we have a magic carpet or something? Stealthy. With a robot. He said that? Well then, Doty, go straight through. You're so badass, Doty. Good job. How high? And how wide is this door? We want to get into this place, right? Well then, let's have a door. And I will pull my A Door out of my Robe of Useful Items and it put it on the side of the wall. After you. This door cost a lot of money, just so you know. Why don't we go in and look? Does she have any unfortunate tattoos? Hello. That just took, like, ten minutes to find her. Already sass! By the way, for any future guests who want to come on the show, we don't normally treat our guests this way. They've been here for weeks! Hello! She's bleeding from her eyes. I will grab a healing draught and offer it. We've got nothing but time. (laughter) Is she lashed to it? Nothing you can do is as powerful as what I was about to give her. Yes. We'll see how well-- hmm. (whispers) What's your name? What's your name? There's bad guys everywhere, we're in hell! (whispers) What's your name? Did you see season two of Prison Break? Because that's what we're doing. Ooh, are you an alchemist? Oh. I go still as a statue. 19 for me. It's a map, it's a map! Four. See you in 20 minutes. Tova! Here. Here. Double bear action! They noticed us. I will cast Haste on myself. And I will then start moving. Where am I? I'm going to go-- I guess the direction Grog went? What do I have left? Sure. I'll just pull out my rod, grip it hard, choke down on it, maybe grip it with my left hand so it feels different-- (laughter) And I'll say, lance! And I'll just use the rest of my movement to just charge at somebody. As I took off I just said, "Doty, on me!" So he's coming. 40. I am screaming and running at one of them. Element of surprise. "I invoke the second pact!" Farther in the dark? 18. Double bear action. Bear on bear action. Two bears wrestling with each other. Oh, is that thing still alive, that Grog is fighting around the corner? Okay. Yeah, I'm good at that. I will run around the corner. Do I have more movement? No, right? All right, can I get up to poke it? Would it take my bonus action to say, fire, and light my weapon on fire? I'm lighting my weapon on fire and poking it! Yes, I know how to do this! Attack plus eight, so that's 21. It's 1d12, ooh, four! Plus two magic, so that's six! Plus 1d6! Is four! Ten! I'm hasted, I get another attack! Poke again! (laughter) I feel lucky. 24. Ooh, ten! Ten plus two, that's 12, plus six! Doty, take this down. I am the vanquisher of souls. And then I throw up. Who is? We need to go in that room? The corner covered by the diagonal piece of paper. Closest to me. "Four score and-- never mind." Are we trying to get in this room? Why don't I just make a way in? I'm going to keep walking down that hall, where we just were. As always. You're in the back of the pack. I-- There's nothing wrong with that. Women are powerful, and amazing. But did you see? I slew that-- slew? Slayed? Is slew a past tense of slay? Bear smell! As Tova does this, I turn to her-- -- and I say, you won't pee on me will you? I've already been marked. I ask that of everyone I meet. There's no door? It's just open? On the other side? We were there already. Why would that give us any advantage? I'm making a door five feet away from the other door? I see. If Noelle is available. LAURA AND No! (laughter)