Hi, guys! Oh, you didn't throw it to me yet, did you? Hey, as I tell you guys-- Hey, crew. By the way, crew as I tell you guys about Loot Crate, can you guys get a camera up here? I'm going to show some close-up things. Should have done that ahead of time. It's on its way. Okay. Loot Crate, the theme this week is Primal. Brands include X-Men, Overwatch, Predator, you can go to lootcrate.com/criticalrole and use the promo code CRITICALROLE for 10% off. And that's some severe savings. Just a few days left to catch this month's theme, so check it out. They're a great sponsor; we love them. They do so much for the show. We genuinely appreciate them. Okay, that being said-- and this will tie into Loot Crate, I promise-- I was thinking a lot this week about fan art. Are you on me? Whatever. Fan art. They're fast. So, we have amazing fan artists on this show. We get hundreds of art pieces every week. We're floored by them constantly legitimately amazing artists. Talented, gifted. And I was like, "why should they get all the fun?" So I was like, "I'm going to do my own fan art "this week!" Because things people know about me, I'm a talented performer and all that stuff, but I'm also an emerging visual artist. And this is a chance to get my art out to the world. And so I'm going to present it right now. Guys, this is art, so if you have any kind of a reaction that's real-- if you cry, if you clap, whatever. I'll take it. I'm going to start with Grog. It's pretty good! Magic marker on paper. I feel like I got his rage and his ferocity. Next up, she's hard Keyleth. I did Keyleth. I should point out that all of these are signed and numbered by the artist. You're hard. Lot of things going on. I didn't know how to draw bodies! So I just went with grass! Truth be told, I was drinking, so things get a little worse as we go. So, this is Percy! It's a lot of white. I don't know how to paint with white or use white. He's a white guy with white hair. I've got to work on this one. Next up, a guy who's near and dear to me. Here's Taryon Darrington. Little art tip here, guys don't use blue pencil on blue paper because it tends not to show up. That's a free artist-to-artist tip for you guys. There is a drawing there. It's just blue pencil on blue paper. And then I was like, "The people are going to want Scanlan, right?" So this one took the most time. I will say this. Took about an hour. Mostly because I had to go to CVS to get more magic markers, so that was about 55 minutes of the time. And then the rest was hardcore art. And I feel like I really captured him. He's got a flute. He's got poop. Okay, I'm going to do the twins next. Probably go a little wider because these will be side-by-side, all right? So you can really get the artistry. Okay, here they are. Some may argue that I photocopied Vax and put pink ribbons in her hair to be Vex. Some could argue that, and they would be correct. But you can also tell them apart because he's got a knife and she's got a little bow and arrow. I ran out of a lot of things, and I was drinking pretty heavily at this point, so I was probably fully drunk at this point. And then last, but not least. I mean, all together, I'd say probably an hour and a half it took me to do all these, including the CVS run. And last but not least, I'm most proud of Pike Trickfoot, ladies and gentlemen. Now, again, you could say that I printed out her IMDB page and colored it in, and you'd be right, but it is also art, and I will stick by that. Now here's how this all ties into Loot Crate, guys. I'm giving all of this art away tonight! I'm doing a contest, an unsanctioned contest that I'm running myself. So tonight, tweet me pictures of your Loot Crate stuff, like you and your Loot Crate shirt, or you holding a Loot Crate, or a screengrab of "I just subscribed to Loot Crate!" Tweet it to me with the hashtag #BrianFosterSmellsLikeCabbage. (all laugh) You can pass them around. Share them, show them. I think it was after you left my house last night. Yeah, it was eleven-something. Yeah! That's what girls wear! Yep. Girls wear pink lipstick. Sure, sure. #BrianFosterSmellsLikeCabbage Fantastic Four! Getting a lot of great tweets already. Are we doing the other thing? I have a copy of the limerick in my inbox, right here. I'm going to read this limerick. They had their own internal contest, and this was the winner, and it's really awesome. Vox Machina is a fine troupe Who knock baddies and grannies for a loop Unless they encounter a door Then their plans are no more So instead they'll just scry with their poop. (all cheer and laugh) (whispers) Sorry! I'll take one as well. But no plates. Oh, hi there! Just here for a visit. Taryon Darrington. You haven't heard of me yet, but you will. Do you work here? Are you one of our employees? Oh, well. They made me an official member now, so. We will all chip in for whatever your monthly wages will be. How much do they cost? I fully expect to be treated as a full, paying member of this and I will gladly contribute one-seventh of the salary. I insist. It's literally nothing to me. (all laugh) No, no, I've not learned any fight song. Most of the songs that I've learned are either religious in nature or I've read them in books and I've made up my own melodies to them. They were epic poems of yesteryear, and I sort of set them to a little melody, mostly happy-- Well, I-- I do that? Wow. Doty, we have some work to do! Working breakfast. Machina, Machina. "Sock in a." Put a sock in a-- no. Vox, Vox. Put it in the box. We'll work on this. They're 100 gold a month for five of them, and then 50 gold a month for the other two. That's Vex's memory. Five of them get 100 gold a month and two of them get 50 gold a month. I don't remember why or who, but that's how-- I think the guards get 100 and the cooks get 50, or something? Did he have a family? What was his mother's name? (all laugh) Yes! I would enjoy anything. I love me some fun. I've never been. That sounds great! Quite far north. Right? I'm from the north? But I lived in the north of that place. Yeah. I thrive in cold places. Is this such a place? I have some excellent cold-weather robes in my bag of holding that I would love to flaunt. They'll have potions and things there? Yes. They'll have these things at Vasselheim? Great. I'm going to reach onto my robe and pull out a patch that produces four healing potions. They're regular. Please don't. No, but I'll just buy another one if I run out. Yeah. It's literally Monster Energy. They don't like magic? I practice alchemic magic, mostly, so I'll be okay. I think. Oh! Maybe I should disguise Doty in some way. No. (all laugh) Or a ghost! Is it Halloween? Could you and I craft something for him before the journey, like a face mask of some sort that makes him look like a brave warrior? You can make disguises? That I would love to see. No, I want to pursue you making a mask for Doty. Well, I mean, there's no disguising the fact that he's eight feet tall and squeaks when he walks. (all laugh) I mean, are we going to do full body paint for this? Making him look like he is in a suit of armor seems like a thing. He's already metal. He's strong. I want Doty with a fake nose. That's all I want. Let's spend some time. Or, I can give you money. All right. Me too? By the way, Liam, if you don't have this ability, I want to see this even more. We're making a mask? We could just use mud from outside. I'm going to-- oh, sorry. I was going upstairs to ask one of the help something. What was the servant's name who you said used to have short hair, now long? I go to her? Him? I offer to buy her hair for 100 gold pieces to use as a wig. You there, excuse me. Hello? Hi! Taryon Darrington. New member of the group. Hi. Yes, we're working on a very important project. It's an undercover mission in a foreign land, and we're going to need a disguise. Specifically, a wig, a convincing wig. We all thought that it might be a good idea to have some real hair for this wig, and, well, you have beautiful hair. I wouldn't mind if you would lend it to the cause. I'd like to buy your hair for 100 gold pieces. (all laugh) Persuasion? 24. Oh, no, no, no. And I reach into my bag of holding and pull out 100 gold and say, it would mean a lot to me and to my teammates if you would cooperate in this mission. It might even save a life. 500? All right, fine. (all laugh) A pleasure doing business with you. This haircut might very well be the fate of the world, so thank you. Here's your money. Buy my book! (all laugh) I'm going to try and make a wig out of it. Don't really know how. Glue? I've got alchemy, right? I can make, like, goop? Make some goop. Some glue to put on it. Oh, it's got goo in it, yeah. I mean, it's pretty sticky. Okay. Okay. Ooh. Not good. I'm feeling lucky. 17. I also gave him a little bit of-- Just to match me. Probably just the fu man. Oh, yeah. Oh, shit. Okay, we've set the stage. Vax, bring us home. He's not just the president, he's a member, too! (all laugh) And you've got hands? Ah, excellent. Excellent. (laughs) No. We'll leave it. Just a little glue to help stick it there. I had extra hair, I wanted to use it. TALIESIN, MATT, and I was the sixteenth president. (all laugh) I didn't think that Doty could be improved, but you all impressed me today. Thank you. Thank you for this. Good work. Yes. Teamwork! Yes! Feels good to say it! Shall we go to Vasselheim? No, no, no! (hollow metal knocking sounds) Did you say 'fire crotch'? I've got some tricks up my sleeve. (laughs) Maybe. Maybe I did. Maybe. Maybe I did. And will be once more, I'll have it cleaned and pressed for you. It's a magical item you put on? With you, absolutely. I've been wanting to buy some potions and things, is that an option here? Yes, what? Oh. And that's not good? Don't worry, I've been raised around money, I know its worth. I have-- -- at least six trust funds and they're all managed quite well. I will receive your trust. And I will fulfill your request as a fellow member of this team. Thank you for entrusting me with this mission. Did you guys both say goodbye and then you're walking the same direction? NecrOmancy. I'm the new guy. (all laugh) Oh, I used the book to make the wig. Is that okay? (all laugh) In a box. Covered in semen. Sure, sure. You're going to change into a pit fiend in the library? Might as well try! You mean the pit fiend, or--? Do you have the book? (all laugh) Never mind. Let's go find a place to buy some potions. Very much so. I actually do, yes. All right, I'll take you under my wing, so to speak. Doty, join us! Hello, hi, greetings, good day, good afternoon, don't mind them, they're my friends! Hahahaha! Uh! We are wandering merchants, trying to find some textiles to buy to resell in other lands. That's all. Don't mind my traveling companions. They're my protectors. I travel as a merchant with a lot of coin, so I found these two at a leper colony and nursed them back to health. It was also a gym, a muscle-man place, so they're really buff. But they're also lepers. And that explains their matted hair. What, deception? Ooh, I better use Luck. Ooh, no, that's worse. (all laugh) Well, it don't matter. Okay, ten. Yeah. It is their cross to bear. That's why this one doesn't even talk, and this one is a leper of few words. Thank you. Might I inquire from you fine gentleman where we might find some medicine or healing potions? These lepers are set to relapse. That way? All right. I'll head that way then. Good day to you. Keep warm. Never. I think I have a talent for it though. I just felt the words coming out and I went with it. It was thrilling. It was exciting. And they were going with it. They were eating it up. I had them right where I wanted them. I could've told them fucking anything. It was great, right? Wow. I mean, two's the higher of the two, right? Oh, you don't know. (all laugh) Now, remember, if anyone asks you, just go (moans in pain) "I'm a leper", or something like that. That's good. Oh, I hadn't looked. (whispers) I think they're following us. What do we do? What do I do? I've never been followed by guards before. Are there people around? I was warned about you and money. I won't listen to that. But I will try to act casual. I will just take off my gigantic, diamond-encrusted helmet. Let my hair down. (loudly) Ah, what a day, am I right? (softly) That's what casual people do. They don't care what people think. Okay. (loudly) Ah, just want to take a load off and just rest here for a while. Not going anywhere, just sitting here and acting real boring, right? Guide me. You've been doing this longer. All right, I've read about situations like this, right? We just need to create a diversion. While the guards are diverted, we run away, fast as we can, right? Yes. (all laugh) Illegal? I don't think so, no. Well, we are traveling around with an arcane being. I don't know if that's illegal. You mean potions and magical items? All right. But how do we shake the uards-gay? Well, that came out weird. Didn't think that through. (all laugh) What they do in the comfort of their own home is their own-- He can stay here and keep watch, but if they ask him anything, he will be-- Is that all right, do you think? All right. Doty. Doty. Act cool. That means book down, don't say a word, and if the guards get close, let us know with some sort of sound. Thank you. Remember, you're a leper, so seem unhealthy. Good. All right, let's go inside. Extremely. Just outside the door there? He's a man. Oh, for myself, do you have any spell scrolls, or any sort of one-use items that I could use in a fight or a tangle with some bad chaps? Things that could deceive, things that could use force against-- Oh, all right. Just around me, or around an area? I have 13 of those right here. Do you have anything else? It's really good. I've got that. Yeah, I have a light already. (all laugh) All right, give me that one scroll, the fire scroll. I could sell it and get something else. How much is that? I could read it to you. If that's what you're asking. (gulps) Watch how it's done. I'm going to put an amount of gold on the table. I'd like you to consider it, and if it's to your liking, take it, and if not, just shake your head. And I'll put 200 gold on the table. I'll put 200 more. I'll put 2,000 more. And another 2,000. 17. Plus seven! 24. Check and mate. Scroll of fire shield, excellent. I don't know what that is. Do I know how much these things tend to cost? Ooh! This is not a save. 20! And it's six, three, and one? Is that right? I can heal myself just fine, but I don't know about your friends-- do they have healing abilities? A bit better? But they use potions. I've seen them use potions. Do you think they would appreciate these? What was that? -- welcome-me-to-the-gang gift. Do you gift-wrap, here, sir? -- of course for an additional charge. What if we took the whole lot of those for 6,000 gold? All. Oh. Wait. (all laugh) Yes. This man is insulting your intelligence, and you should be very angry right now. I would object to this. This is coming out of my purse, and I insist that you negotiate with me, and not-- (gulps) How about this. I can trade you something worth far more than the extra 3,000 gold this gentleman promised you. It's a rare egg. Magical in nature. It can save a life, in any situation. And if you eat it when you are nearly dead, you will go back into battle with the strength and bravery of ten men, and you will not rest until your foes are dead. Is this deception or persuasion? 22. Gentle! Ah-ah-ah. The gift-wrapping? (all laugh) I know, but we're partners, as you just said, and I felt that you would approve of me doing so. What was that? Oh shit. Oh shit. Sword! Oh shit. Wait, we're killing them? Even the shop owner? Oh shit. All right. Partners, right? I'll do whatever you say. He doesn't know this happened. Let's get rid of them. Get rid of them. They have jaws-- the blood! Their jaws are terrible! I can't! I don't have extra masks. We can put them somewhere else. Oh my god. What? Even I can tell that those are two-- Why would they be in here drinking? They're guards on duty! I can't vomit. What do I roll? 16. (dry heaving) Natural 20. One second! One second. I think that that is true, absolutely. All right. Thank you for your-- Good day to you. Let's go. Doty, come. Please. As soon as we step outside, I barf all over the floor. (all laugh) I'm sorry. It just comes naturally. I can't force it. No. Maybe a little. (barfs) (laugh) (laughs) Are they talking to you right now? Just tell them to-- Tell them-- Can we ask them where they are? Ask them where they are. Tell them where we are right now, and ask them where they are. Tell them-- No, there's two bars in Vasselheim! (incredulous sound) (all laugh) Did you get it? (tearfully) Doty killed two guards. He just killed them. They're dead. (tearfully) They're dead! (tearfully) He killed two guards. (tearfully) We didn't tell him to! He just did. I actually think it did. Actually. This is evidence, Doty! Ugh. No, no! Oh, because they might recognize him as the murderer? No. What we need to do is put another disguise on top of this one. (all laugh) He won't answer any of you. Greg knows. Did you kill them, with those punches of fury? Oh, boy. We're not sure, Doty did this outside without us being-- He won't answer you. Doty, did anyone witness your crime? I told him to protect us! He's my protector. He does what needs to be done to protect me. Well, to be fair, Greg killed the people. Doty merely roughed them up. I have quite a gift for you! For all of you. I think you'll find something for everyone in there. I know where they are, but the situation was fluid, and it was fast-moving. And we acted on our best instincts and our best judgment, and mistakes were made. When you're an adventurer-- When you're an adventurer, you have to learn to live with a certain amount of bloodshed around you, and I think what Greg has told me today--what he has taught me was to toughen me up. And I appreciate him for that and I appreciate the lesson. And I appreciate you all for sending me out with him, knowing full well that that would happen. I still haven't-- I-- okay. It was a potion seller, it was a medicinal, herbalist or something-- It seems to be-- That is not-- And do what? What they did to you? Well, you were revived, from death. It was in quotations. I think I need a drink. What? And then what? Doty did his job. He protected us. Who were going to arrest us. Because we were arcanists walking loose in the-- I was led to believe it was. And I'm a stranger in this land, and they were trailing us, and your cohort over there, the big guy himself, told me that they were a danger to us, and Doty did his job. Listen, you can't blame Doty for the mistakes that I may have made. I take full responsibility for this, and I throw myself at your feet for mercy. I know I'm new to this team, and I hoped that this gift would be a peacemaking gesture. By the way, you should divide all these potions up as you see fit. And I'm sorry if I made mistakes today. But we're all alive, we have what we need, and we're still on an adventure, right? Let's all sing our fight song, shall we? Doty, show me what we wrote. (sings) 'Seven intrepid warriors we, were strong before and 'stronger with me. Drinking wine and Heroes' Feasts, saving maidens, defeating beasts. We 'fight, fight, fight, with strength and girth, I slew a marid and proved my worth. Vix and Vox, 'Kiko and Greg, and Percival with the head like an egg. I defeated a kraken too, and I saved the 'Ashari single-handedly in the ocean blue. We fight, fight, fight, with strength and girth. I 'won your hearts and I proved my worth.' Now you all have fight songs too, don't you? Did we take off the mask? Should we take off the mask? For everyone, or each. Pf. I can take care of this, if you'd like. (laughs) I don't know if that evens out. But all right. I like the way you think, science bro. Cool. Are we falling? Amazing. It must have been terrible. Taryon Darrington. You will. Darkness. (whispers) You're incredible. To Vox Tempesta! (all laugh) You have to give a speech every time. Improv-ed it.