I've never done it, either. All right, Taryon's going to die in like five seconds. (laughter) Probably, yeah. Do I get Doty in the fight? Okay. That helps. And I'll be leveled up to their level? Yes. Yes, we are. We are confirmed for that. Are we announcing that? Oh, well, yeah, on June 1st, our next guest, Jon Heder AKA Napoleon Dynamite, is going to come play with us and roll some dice. Yeah. Just before we move the names that Dad had told us about to maybe parlay with in the Myriad? Korshad? 230,000! But wait, wasn't there some other name, the little-- A retroactive perception check! Retrograde! You know they always say that retrograde perception is 20/20? Anyway, I would love to ask Bertholt if he knows the location of my sister. All right, well, I mean I guess we can all walk to her room and knock on the door. It's a little weird, right? Sure. I'll lead them back downstairs to that main room that was all awful and terrible, right? So I'll lead them down there. This was our playroom, maybe you should just wait here and I'll go talk to sis. I'll be right back. Hello, sister. Just today. Father kidnapped me and brought me home. Well, I'm not a kid, but still works. Abducted. Abducted me and brought me home. Paid someone to do it. Yes. Anyway, it's good to see you. Your room is coming along quite nicely. It seems like you're running the show now, is that true? Well, I have had many adventures and close calls, but I won't bore you with those details. It's been an interesting year abroad, and I would say I'm glad to be back, but for the abduction part and also the fact that I've now learned that we are destitute? Is that true? So it's true; he wasn't just trying to guilt me. And what would have been your plan had I not arrived today? By marrying me to some lady I've never met? What is she like? And father's businesses, are they being run the same way? With the same attention to detail? Listen, I'm sorry to pop in like this and challenge your judgment, but me marrying this person would solve our problems long-term? Somehow? Do we not own anything anymore? So what is ours now? Anything? Our personal belongings? This home? And again, if I do this, what's to say we're not just going to drive up another debt again? Doesn't seem like father or you have been very good at keeping us in the black. So you and he are two peas in a pod, yes? Well, I may poke around and see if there's another way I could help. But before I do, is this fun for you? Do you like running this business, or almost running it? Do you have any friends? I do. Well, I'll leave you to your work, and-- love the decorations. I'm considering the offer and I'll have an answer for you by tomorrow morning. All right. I'll consider it. With all my intellect. A pat. The back pat. Good day. All right. I'll shimmy out. (sighs) All right, I'll rejoin my friends downstairs. Well-- As expected. Things are about the same between me and Maryanne. No, she's not raging. She has her work and her-- No. I mean, I don't know, she's busy. I guess. They're not guest people. They're not dinner party family. Nope. It didn't come up. They said, how have I been? But they don't really give a shit either way. If they are not interested in me, why should I be interested in them knowing about me? I don't know what to do. There's this woman; she's apparently nice and I could go for it and marry her, and then it seems like all my family problems would be okay. I don't know. I'm sort of curious about talking to the people who are in this contract with my father and seeing if there's any way to wiggle out of it a little bit, but I don't know how to solve everything right now. I also don't know-- I feel a duty, a responsibility to this family, because they are my family. Part of me wants to-- oh god. Part of me wants to turn around and go back with you to Whitestone and forget that the Darringtons exist, but I don't think I can't do that. I am a Darrington and I owe it at least to my name to try and fix what I can. Yes. Well, I'll try not to, but it seems like a plan B at this point. No? It's way cooler than I thought my family ever was. I knew my dad did shady business with lots of shady characters but I never knew-- I assumed he paid off people. I assumed he had friends in high places and people who you'd have to bribe to turn the other cheek, but I never knew that he was in business with them, owing our whole existence to these terrible people, and I don't know what to make of that Definitely not. Listen, I think there's two steps to this there's the short term and the long term. We have to solve this short-term need really quickly. Not this whole 230,000-dollar-- I mean -gold debt. It's a Whitestone term, I mean a Wildmount. Oh my god. My phone rang! I'm confused! Anyway, listen, couple drinks before-- no. We have a short-term problem that we can maybe go alleviate a bit if we go talk to these folk at the Laughing Ninny or whatever it's called. The Grumpy Lily. And then there's a long-term problem which I'll have to solve on another day. There's a long- term problem that my family is awful and needs to be stopped at all costs, and that's something that I'll have to deal with tomorrow. You're talking about marrying the sister? Yeah. You're royalty. You know this! Little royal girl. I mean, she lives in another part of the kingdom, right, Matthew Mercer? Oh yes, that's true. But there's the in-town people we can meet first. Yes, of course! You'll come with me? Because I can't talk to the mob by myself. No, I'm not talking about killing them. My family is pretty bad, I've learned. But I've also learned from young Trickfoot that even a rotten family is worth trying to save. And I admire the path that she took with her family, and I would like to at least try to push mine in the right direction and try to make our name a little less shitty. Well, that's why that's long term. In the short term, I just want to get them safe. I don't want to die, if that's what you're saying. Dedicating. Thank you. Sure. I don't believe in them, but I believe in the cause right now, and we'll see how far that takes us. You guys. It's a little more nebulous than that, Grog. Listen. When you see my duty, you'll know. Mama? Oh, yes, these are my allies and my friends. This is the team known as Vox Machina. They are a fearless band of adventurers and they have taken me in as their own. Well. Yes, I am, a bit! Yes, I've spoken to Father, and Sister, and it's good to know they're healthy. And it's lovely to see you, as well. Have you been happy at all, this last year? Oh! Oh, my books, in my room. Oh. That's lovely. I hope you've enjoyed them as much as I did. What's your favorite one? Before the River's Dawn, yes. Yes, yes! No it was, but also heartbreaking at the same time. Yes. That's one of my favorites, as well. I'll fix it if you did. It's all right. Well, that's wonderful to hear. I'm glad you've been entertaining yourself. I know living with Papa can be very hard, and it's been very hard on you all these years. I told you they were like this. Just wait on the fucking porch! No, you're right to think this way. This year has been eye-opening for me, and I know that you care for Papa, and you are a diligent and faithful wife. But I know how hard it must have been to live this life for so many years and I wonder what it would be like if you hadn't been with him, what kind of person you would be. Well, things are going to have to change at some point, right? No. Thank you. Thank you for that. Mum's the word. All right. I'll be back, and maybe we'll have time to talk more books later. Good evening. When you think he's dead, but he's not, and he comes back? I know! Well, you never see the body in the first one, so that should have been a tip-off. Yes. All right, let's go to the Jumping Jimmy, or whatever it's called. She's better. I mean, she's had a tough time. That was the longest conversation I've had with her in many years. I think everybody's super stressed out and heartsick about everything that's happening, and living under a tyrant of a father is not healthy. You should have seen me when I lived here. I was not nearly as dashing or as charming as I am now. It took me spreading my wings and flying before I found my sense of humor. My hair looks better, my eyes look better. Well, yes. We didn't have any at home. I mean, life needs aloe to live. Is something I always say. Moisturizing products in general. Life needs moisturizing products to live. I know the place. Should we get anything to drink first? Or just dive in? Put two tables together, I guess? Okay. Who do you think we proposition here? The old man? That guy? Really? What makes you say that? He's just old I thought. No? Is that true? Oh. (laughter) Is it in the hundreds? Oh, okay. In my earring, I say to Vex I'm clamming up, you do it. I'll go toward the front with the twins? Start it now. Any change in our bodies or anything? We're in. That word just gets us in. Would you say more like Blue Man Group or more like a subway bucket drummer? Well, we brought bottles. That's rude, isn't it? Why don't we ask them nicely if they would like to move? No? What's our play here? Do we just keep saying the word "many" as many times as we can and see how far it goes? This is it? So now we ask for her by name? Or him by name? Korshad? All right. Of course. I have just enough for a nice drink. Oh. Oh, okay. All right. All right. I'm slow to catch on sometimes. History check. I'll have another shiraz. Oh the other drink? Oh fuck. Wait, before he goes, pardon me. I have one more order to make. I would like to buy a drink for Korshad, courtesy of Taryon Darrington. And I'll slip him a gold piece. There is a coin between the two fingers. Yes. Whatever it is, here is another four and keep another one for yourself. One sex on the beach! (laughter) Why isn't he coming over here? Should we send another drink? Maybe two this time. Yes? Is it time? Should I go over there? All right. I'll take my helm and cock it to the side. You mean the Korshad drink? That drink? All right. Pinky out. I love it. (whispers) It's terrible. I'll just laugh, way too loud. (laughs) And then she said to me, that's not armor! Make some room. Grog, leave! Taryon Darrington, of the Darrington family. Well, I can make magical items, if there's something that you need made or enchanted. We have other members of the group that do different things. We have a fine tinkerer, if you need something made for you. Vex here is an excellent shot. She could put on an archery show or something, if that would be something worthwhile to you. You know, if that will help ease the debt. I know my family owes you quite a bit of money. And might I inquire, as it is my family's debt what is the timetable on that? Will you be coming to collect anytime soon? Will they be in any physical danger? Well, I don't know much about you, but I assume you would much rather have the cash than have to own property and manage it. All right. Yes, I guess. Sure. Even that would be a step up, but it seems like we would have to do something in order just to earn that much. My family would require their main property and all residential rental property. Would they get to maintain possession of their personal property? Artwork, statues? And what is this task? Yes. Are you sure you don't have a cloak I could just enchant and then we could call it square? All right. I suppose we have no choice. All right. Seems like we do. I'm not going to ask you all to risk your lives for my shitty family, so I will pursue this matter on my own if I have to. Well, I would hire a couple of people to come with me, but if you'd like to accompany me, I'd be okay with that too. Well, I mean, you've taught me a lot, so maybe I could do it. Of course not. I am one for two on that count. Should we vote on it then? Grog, do you want to go kill something big and scary? Pike, are you drunk? Twinsies? Oh, Vax isn't here. Hey Vax. You want to go help me save my family by risking our lives in almost certain death? I'll take that as a yes. Keyleth? Science bro? Why? Okay. (belches) Thanks. We have to misty there, right? Because you don't know any trees in the area? I don't know what we'd be researching. The guy who sent us on the mission doesn't even know what it is. Oh yeah! 21. Gods attacking us. Or it could not. Oh god, I don't want to die. Before we go, was there something you wanted to tell the drow woman? Should we at least ask her to stay in town? For a to-be-determined mission later? We can give her a little money to keep around, a retainer. I can give her a little money. I might need her. She might be gone. We have no idea how she was hired in the first place. All right, well then let's do that. We have no mission at this moment, but we may call on you shortly after we return. Can we find you here or will you be gone? Where's that? Sending, okay. All right. Well, stand by. We'll call you. Thank you for your time, and we'll be in touch. Sorry about your horse. Let's Misty Step. Let's Wind Walk. We're going to be windtalkers. And it's connected to the Abyssal Plane. Dead talk? Let's do that. They spit. Maybe acid, probably. So it can emit a cry that shakes everything. So we should all be cows. We just talked to him. He was the dead body. (groaning) Well, we're going to rest for the night, and then go in at first light. I mean, is there any nature down there? It's a mine. It's all rocks. Oh, we can't do how deep is the mine? No? We can just jump. We're like gods. So what's our last question? We've just got to kill the big boss. One little baby big boss. The boss baby. We're immune to fear? Toastmasters. Just give us a topic. I do like bacon. Matthew, I'm going to prepare some spells that I'm going to inject into various coins. I'm going to drop another 300 gold and give Vex another Revivify. Grog, you're already a good jumper, right? How far can you jump? No, that's gone forever. That's gone. It doesn't last forever. It lasts a couple hours. I'll give you a Jump coin, so that will triple your jump. Sure. When you do it. Let's see here. Who needs things? Oh no, you guys all cast things now, right? Can you turn invisible? You gave away your ring. I'll give you a Blur coin. I'll give good old Percival a Cure Wounds coin. Just one. And also I'm going to change my Robe of Many Things to my new Robe of Many Things. And that's it. Oh! And I'm going to do one more thing. I'm going to pull out a healing draught bottle, and give it to-- no, you can heal things. You don't need to heal. I give it to Vax. A healing draught. It's not a potion; it's a bottle of healing shit. It's 8d8. ASHLEY and Sure. When we descend, do we want light to be able to see? Or we don't want things to see us? It's you, right? We can take someone on a broom. Well, then let's descend slowly and quietly? Is that what we're doing? By the way, can I just remind everyone, this whole year I've had one half of a communications bracelet and someone's been watching us the whole time. Remember that thing I found? Yeah. Someone's watching us. For a year. 21. Don't land? Do we need light? I have some sort of a cloak over my helm, since it emits light always. I was wrong. It only emits light when there's undead around. Sure. We said that we had prepared our flashlights before, didn't we? Yes, we do. I'm going to mark off two of these. You want to borrow a flashlight? Well, that's what we have going in our flashlights, are Daylight spells. Oh, that sucks. Whoa, look at that! There's a map. Oh yeah. Six. It's glowing, right, so we can see it even if we don't turn on flashlights and things? Yeah. Maybe it knows my family's name. Do we see any of this happen? Not good, but maybe I'm lucky. Oh, am I not in that? Where am I? I have no idea where I am. I am? Oh, well then, never mind. Over a 21! 21. Oh no, another concentration check! But can you cast things while you can't move? I'm feeling lucky. Natural 20! Plus one. Hey, that's not bad. You have to slap it on yourself. It's touch. It lasts a minute. It's instantaneous. You just touch, right? Me? Oh god. All right. I don't have anything I can do. I will click my Boots of Speed, making me faster, and then I will move. Full movement of 60 feet towards him-- or her. We don't know, do we? Is it naked? We're trying to kill this thing, yeah? I guess I'll punch a baby. It's going to miss, though. That's a slippery baby, right? No, I was going to use my Ring of the Ram. But I'm probably not going to hit, because it's got an amazing AC. Yeah, I do. Is this going to be a long fight? I'll do all three charges of the Ring of the Ram, and punch a baby. Eight. Not good enough, I'll use Luck. 13 plus nine? 22. It worked once. Oh, great. Yep. We got this, guys. Don't worry. Me and Grog got it. Me and buried-Grog and buried-Keyleth, we got this. No, you are and Grog is. It's just me and the baby right now? Oh, great. I'm fine, then. Oh boy. That don't look good. 22. Radiant damage? A new opponent enters. I saw it. I'll point down. There's no body! I'll look, too. We could do a quick mining. Probably. We could stay here for a couple months. Natural 20! MATT and Halved to three for me. You okay there, Pikey-pants? What is Pike riding on? Pikey. I'll drop a bead of Firewall. I'm sorry, a Wall of Fire. Yeah. Wall of Fire around the other? But Vex, you're my best friend! Okay! Like, within five minutes.