Guys, I'm a little disappointed tonight, because I prepared an epic presentation tonight. It was multimedia, there were song elements, there were rhyming-verse sonnets, I wrote a great poem about how Backblaze is unlimited and you can get it for just five dollars a month, about how it backs up-- you get all your data anywhere in the world, on the web or on your phones, and you can get a full-featured preview of it by going to backblaze.com/criticalrole, I wrote all this stuff down on my laptop, but my laptop had a catastrophic hard drive failure today, and I didn't back it up with Backblaze. And this is what I'm talking about, guys, this is my art that I made, my art, there was a whole piece about you that would've brought you to tears, you'll never get to hear any of it. There was nothing about you. But it was beautiful artwork that I made that you'll never get to hear. However, I do remember one little piece of it. I wrote this song, from scratch, about Backblaze. It's an original piece not based on any Broadway musical, and it goes like this (singing) 525,600 fanfics, 525,000 doodles of Grog, 525,000 nudies of Percleth, how do you back up a Critter's hard drive? How about Backblaze! How about Backblaze! Sam wrote this song. Okay, good, that's it. (cheering) Oh yeah? You would be even more hard if you knew that I was talking to Lin-Manuel today. LAURA and No, that's just a little humblebrag. We should probably run that intro, right? Whoa. What's up with us? Oh yeah? Do you get a rogue spell? Ew. (laughter) Sure. Or it could've been Cloaky's alarm system that means that whoever killed Cloaky got in through not the front door. That was her trying to get out after she was stabbed to death, right? No? You're right, that is better detective work than mine. But how'd they get out without-- so whoever the murderer is set the trap as he/she was leaving. Better give me the gun. Can you reverse lookup on the telephone? That's tampering with evidence. That's a definite felony. I don't know what you're talking about. That was a scientific experiment. We have to look. Otherwise we have no leads at all. Wait, wait. Should we not scry from a different place than the place we're staying at? Yeah, you can. It's The Wire. Except terrible. We know that she used some magic. She disguised her hand with some illusion spell. Do we leave the gun outside the room? You could always put it in the Bag of Holding. Shoot them with the gun. Vax's face. (singing) Scrying eyes-- (singing) They see your... Tell who? Let's find out where she is. If she's still in the city, we can maybe hunt her down and track her down today. Is there any ocean in town? Make gun fingers, at least. So she's going for the other Vestige. Whisper? Is that what's in the ocean? And she knows everything that we know. It's in the Ozmit Sea. I can make us all cows. That is about it. (clears throat) Whisper, blade forged from metal pulled from the Far Realm, was center to many dark rituals. Now it lies at the bottom of the Ozmit Sea, sunken with the lost ship The Shrew in a storm 300 years ago, near an island... of trees. No, it's an island of grass. There's no trees on the island. Oh, glass! I can't read! (laughs) An island of grass. Island of glass? It's continents, it would take weeks. I've got a 15 history. Well, it doesn't look like we can just magically get to her. I would like to steal that airship, but even then, though, it would take us a week. Okay, let's game this out. What's the worse-case scenario? She has one Vestige. She may have two. The Spire of Conflux, in the Abyssal Plane. And the Plate of Dawnmartyr in the Elemental Plane of Fire. I mean, those are going to be super hard to find, even for her. She has people working for her, clearly. No, but I mean it won't be her alone. She might want to join up with the dragons. Kevdak. Well, let's not rank the bad people we've met. She got away. We tried. I don't know that we'll get there in time. Yes. We'd have to rest in order to do Misty Step-- We have one teleportation circle. She's on a boat. She's not on a magic boat. She can't magically get back to the shore without sailing there. If we sail out on an airship or a boat-- Well yes! She's slow moving, she's on a boat, it'll take her days to get wherever she's going, we need to find her, and we can keep scrying on the airship, and catch up to her slowly, she's a slow moving target, even after she-- We don't right now, but we will soon. Nope. One day. Me and Percy. Maybe two hours. We can keep scrying from the airship. Well, we use what sailors do. Up at the stars, right? We scry at night. We can listen for clues. Maybe the crew members will shout out a, "Oh, we're at longitude "blah blah blah latitude blah blah blah!" Okay, wait, to play this out a bit more we know where she's going. We know where Glintshore is roughly if we got a local-- Well we can find a local who does. A sailor or something who can help us navigate our way there. I don't think she's getting next to a tree. It was near. It was near the island of glass. Wait, before we get the gun unfucked, is there any use to it being fucked? Like, can we have play-acting conversations around it like "Oh, this is where we should go next, hope you're "listening!" We can go to that place where-- back to the asshole. What does he want? So give him whitestone. We can make him a fake one and give it to him for one favor. We can make a fake gem, how hard is that? One thing that occurred to me, that may not help us at all. Mistress Asharru, the dead girl she was part of an organization? Maybe they would want to help us because of revenge? A fugitive? So other than chasing her, going for the next Vestige on the list, the third option is wish her good luck and continue on with our mission ignoring the fact that she exists. Well we got to find out who's going to un-fuck it. She disguises her appearance, so how we know her might not be how you have seen her. She has sometimes shown herself as an old woman. Did she come through here? What was the job? And she had some fellows traveling with her? Where were they staying? In our rooms? That gives me the heebie-jeebies. Because we went to Draconia. Hello, hi. I make the best deals, I know the best words. Sometimes it's Vex, but many times it's me. What am I persuading him to do? Oh, my general charm? Persuasion, you say? 29. That's lovely, but we can't find her without some assistance. We need to get this curse off of the thing that found your assassin. Don't have any magic wielders among you? We also may need some naval assistance-- Bay of Jifs, it's pronounced. There is a skyport near here, is that true? Controlled by the local government? How long would it take to get this person who can remove a curse? 750? Do we have that to spare? Are you a gem lover? I like you. What do we have? Kine? Up front? Wow. Jesus, Laura. Grog? I mean, yes, Grog would be good at that, yes, let's do that. I like that idea. All right, we'll go. I guess we're going to go try to find an airship. Which one's which? 25. (sings) Indala. No, I have no idea what we're doing here. I mean, I assume we're trying to find out how much it costs for a seven day rental including a pilot or two? We're getting the information, probably come back and steal it. Okay, well, you're pretty good at this too. Yeah, go for it. We're on an elevator? I think so. Natural 20. Love me some airships. Be pleased. We are here to inquire about some business if you don't mind. Okay. We go over there. We die. Hello, Be pleased, beep beep. My associate and I would like to inquire about renting an airship. Chartering it for a trip. Is that the crappier one or the better one? MATT It's the smaller one. So I can do my homework, how much do you think a week's charter would run on an airship? As passengers. Okay. Our mission is a bit of a hush-hush one, we better not disclose that. Yes, that would be preferable for sure. It's our guy! Damon! How fast did this one make the Kessel Run? Does Damon recognize us? Captain Damon! Hello. Yes, we've flown together before. On the friendly skies. It was, and would have been more dangerous had we not been there. To protect you and your ship. Oh, maybe we don't want any of this on the record for right now. Oh shit. This would be a week or less for the mission. Maybe even tomorrow morning. We'd be going north. Correct? Into the Ozmit Sea, and to a location that we would disclose to you once we get airborne. But also consider this. We are on a mission that's very important to the security of both Marquet and other continents, and we have friends in high places. And I will flash our little badge. The badge that J'Mon Sa Ord gave us. Yes, I didn't think you would-- Yes. I hand it over. I didn't know it would do that! We'll probably need sparkling water, stat. Lots of brandy for the trip. Yes. I will definitely need someone with a knowledge of the sea, both in the air and down below, the waters below. Can the ship be prepared to leave tomorrow morning? Yes, Grog. Yes it is. I think you should ring the bell to make this an official deal. We'll have to discuss with our associates, but be prepared as quickly as possible. Excellent. Thank you, Damon. Oh, one more thing. I asked you this last time, but are you still single? Okay, good to know. Because Vex really liked him last time. You know what, everyone thinks I like them. That's part of my wink-y charm. (nudge-wink sound) We could have been using this all over the place! Real quick, guys. Real quick. Real quick, though, on the way back I'm going to go to the casino. Just real quick. It's a shortcut, friend. We get outside, I pull Grog into a little alleyway and I say Listen, friend. I'm going to go in there and do a little business. Can you do me a favor? I need you to keep your eyes open. Can I Minor Illusion a face of one of those guys who did the deal with me? Yeah, it's for him. To show him what he looks like. This face, look at it. Lock it in. I do the other face as well. This face, you see it? There's only one test. If you see these people, grab them. Do what Grog does best. Yes. But you won't see them unless they leave the casino. Just stay out here at the door. Yes. You're my lookout man. Yeah, let's come up with one right now. Yeah. Yeah. There it is. Dijon. Oh! Before I go in, hat of disguise on. Adult human male. Goatee, pork pie hat, black jacket. Just an ordinary man. I'm looking, in the interest of time, going to look around for any of those two faces. Nine. I didn't go into their office, though, right? And can I make my way to the office area, where they led me? Can I listen outside? Damn it. Damn it. All right. I'll quickly Dimension Door inside the office. All right. Is there any source of light around here? I will light one. Going right into the desk, looking for anything. Keys, gold, contraband, weapons. 23. Damn it. All right, I'll do one more investigation check to see if there's any hidden compartments in the desk or around it. 24. All right. All right, fine. I will take the daggers, take the Marquesian book, whatever that was, take a huge dump on the desk, and take one of the daggers and dig a big piece of it and write on the wall, "The Meat Man cometh." (laughing) And then I'll let myself out. Okay. On the way out of the casino do I see any familiar faces? 18! Ah, fuck you! All right. All right. The dice game? All right. Grog? Want to come in and play once with me? Okay, great. (laughter) What's the other game? What's the fastest one? Let's do that one. Okay. 50 gold. 50 gold! 50 gold. Six. Sure, yeah. I got a five. I just say I hate this casino. (laughter) No! No, I leave. Goddammit. Wait, what was the names? The names that they gave me? The two guys gave me? Grug, or something. It's fine. I'll ask the dealer, or the dicer, if he's seen Rutur around. Jesus Christ. Five more gold. Are you trying to do this to me on purpose? Fine. Not in a million years, no! This place, it sucks all my mojo. It's like the anti-mojo. All right, I leave. And I go out and I say, Grog, let's go home. But before we do, slap me in the face really hard. Yes, I need it. I need it. No. Yes. Of course. I can't even get slapped in the face right! We go home. We're back. Good news, Grog sweet-talked them into giving us an airship for free. Grog did the whole thing himself. Let's just say that he's a good reader of body language. We got an airship for free. We did nothing illegal. And to sweeten the deal, Captain Damon will be our Damon pilot. That thought popped right into my head. And on the way back I won back the 50 gold I lost on the fusaka. Yeah, yep. So I'm going to leave Marquet totally evens. Yup, pretty good. Still batting a thousand, this guy. Unstoppable me! Oh, yeah, let's pack our bags. Oh, wait no, we still have to de-curse the thing. May I make a physiological check of his mouth shape? His jaw seems-- You know at shop.geekandsundry.com, there's a lot of new items up for sale. There's the mug, there's rings, patches. What? The model airship, it's life-sized. Nail wraps by Espionage Cosmetics, only 12 dollars. And don't forget, one week left on pre-orders for those silicon bracelets and the enamel pins guys. Backblaze! You're showing him the gun? We just said don't show people the gun. Okay. If she's listening. Maybe we should take it out of the room. For your own protection. Wait, before you do, a quick word, is there a way to reverse the direction? Okay. All right. Yeah, I got a natural one, sister. Will someone die? All of us. Yes. Flash the thing? What am I flashing it for? Oi, mate. We're friends with J'mon Sa Ord. Oh! I thought everything was here. I'm a normal, human man. I forgot to take it off. Okay. This thing is the best thing ever! I'm not holding anything but it's still cool! (laughter) You saved 400 gold! Want to kick some of that to this guy? Well, I've been helping you all day, shuttling back and forth between those two. It's not that good. No, no need. Let's see here. You said 27? 26. (gasping) (strained) Yes? (strained) I've had a whole off city! (strained) Please, can we? All right. So, like, 200 gold then? Thank you. I want to go away from this place. Yes. Ah, it would've been so much sweeter if we could've stolen the airship, but getting it for free feels right. Ladies, your chariot awaits. All right. Laura, I did mention that while you were getting whispered to. 15. Shall we lay it on them, then? We're going to go near the island of glass, aka Glintshore. Well, we're not going there. We're going near it to find a shipwreck. The other ship may already be there, and if we can find the other ship, then we've found our destination. Just to get in the area. It'll take us another day or two to find this ship. Has Teera been around there? Does she know anything of that particular shipwreck? To the shipwreck? Have you heard of that shipwreck? The Shrew? Yep. Keyleth, make sure you learn your scrying spells for tomorrow. Do we still have that ball, the scry-ball? Two, three days. How will we see them? Is there someone who stands watch at night? But we're looking for the boat, not the island. Yes. Off the sea? Three, maybe four feet? No. I don't know, couple hundred feet? You're the captain. Is it morning time? You want to do that morning scry? Now that it's been de-cursed, will that mess up-- Keyleth, can you make the breeze behind us, and can you make it rather strong? Well, you said it lasts eight hours. Well, we can't let them escape. She had five killers with her when she killed those-- It's fine, we'll throw them a life raft or something. Up above the ship. You're going to take a lot of damage? We should probably make sure that this is the right boat. Wait, but Keyleth knows what the boat looks like. Can Keyleth look through the-- we have a telescope of some sort? Can she look and see if the boat looks right? Did you see any identifying marks on the boat? We'd know if she's still underwater or if she's on land. Let's scry. Yeah, we told him to go up above it. This is like the Hindenburg flying up to a rowboat. A flare. To warn the people on land. How do we get to land quickly? We should split. Some should go to the beach, some should continue with plan Drop Keyleth-- How are you getting to the beach? You can't fly. I can make you a thing that flies, to get you there. I don't know. Giant eagle? All right, Grog. You and me. Come on, let's go. It won't reach, it's too far. Grog, I can make you a thing that flies. Should I? All right, I make him a giant eagle using Polymorph. I can't do it to me, though, so you're on your own. Oh yeah, good call! And kill them. But we've got to sink the ship. What are they going to do? They don't have anything that can fight us. They're deck hands. The guy on deck who just went like this. On the beach, we're going around, along the beach. Is there a tree line? I shout down to Grog I don't think she's on the beach, man! It's all glass! We should go inland. I'm scanning around for any footprints or anything. Ow, ow! Fuck, ow! We finished before eleven! Did they run a commercial during the break?