Loot Crate. The theme of this month is horror. I've been dabbling in the hip-hop world lately, so I prepared a little rap. It's pretty street, guys. It's going to be pretty hardcore, so buckle up. Maestro, I need a track. [hip-hop music] There's more. So in conclus-- oh. (laughter) Sure. Man. That went really well. Also, lootcrate.com/criticalrole now goes to a custom Critical Role page within lootcrate.com, and you should check it out. Love you all. Word to your mama. (laughter) Which? Nope! I'm not in that one, apparently. Yeah, well, Matt, are you in Blue Robot 13? Yeah. Are you in Verdant Lightning? Yeah. No, they're not real. That's your New Hampshire accent? Can I do a perception check to make sure that this being is actually in the room and is not just some sort of phantom? 17. Oh wait, am I proficient? No, 19. One moment. Game this out for me, friends. If this is all bullshit and Thordak has sent this little lady here to trick us into traveling with her to Draconia, where Thordak is lying in wait to kill us the second we get there, well, then if we're making a deal for this little lady to kill on our behalf, why do we need to go? Can we just stay in Whitestone and you go kill the white dragon for us? You're powerful, aren't you? Why do you need us? Yeah, you can pretend to be Vorugal's-- something, pet hamster-- for a while until you kill him in his sleep. What is that move? Don't do that. An opportunity to prove yourself to us. You say it first. Describe it. What room are we in right now? How big is the room? How many entrances? We should probably kill her right now. It. We knew it was you all along. We want you to know what you're up against. Let's all agree that this is definitely bullshit. Can you shapeshift into other beasts? We needed a beast to bait Vorugal with. Sure. Well, she'll need to know, at some point. Once we get there. What are we agreeing on? You don't need our votes. It's already decided. Is voting this time important, particularly? But if I don't vote, won't someone else vote for me? I don't even know how. Is it easy to find out? I should go online and find out how to register to vote. All right, let's kill a dragon and feel that burn. (laughter) All right, I'm in, for now. The dragon dies. (laughter) Shouldn't we keep an eye on this one all night? I know, but she could be sneaking around, creeping into rooms-- She could come into my room at night and do things to me that I don't want to be done. I'm going to have sex with every beast on every continent. Whispers. Do I? That's my hat. Yeah, boi! To the real war room, magically incapable of-- Okay, but wait, before we go down there, two things Keyleth, can you scry today? We could check in on Vorugal. Make sure that Vorugal is actually there. Just to make sure Vorugal is in town and not here. We could look into Raishan's room right now and watch how it communicates with its boss. She'll go ape-shit and what? So we kill her. We're better than she is! Who, me? I need my thing. Hold on. Intelligence? Straight intelligence? 16. 18. I will inspire myself, which is d12 now, right? 26. Wow. That escalated fast. Do we know anything about how it can be reversed or undone? But then right after. Or shake her. Is there any way to move Whitestone, to reinforce Whitestone, to get something here to protect Whitestone? (sighs) We don't know what that thing is that has-- what the beast is. You said religion? It's a cool idea, but I don't think we can. We need to know the beast that we are summoning. She's a dragon. Nothing for us to do. You're right. What do you want to do? All right, Grog and I will go talk to Keeper Yennen about Yenk. It's okay. You're fine. We are the worst people for this mission. Tally-ho, Keeper Yennen. Yes, well. We come seeking knowledge that only you have. Maybe. We needed some information about something that is beyond our scope. Check him? All right. I'll check him. I'm going to slowly touch his arms, make sure he's real. I'll pat him down. 19. I sniff the bread. (sniffing) He's clean. There's dragons around. Sorry about that. Nope. Yenk. Yenk. And he is a-- what's the type of beast? A goristro. Well, it's very important that we know his name-- or her name-- accurately, because, well, for many reasons. But we need to know its true name. Is there any text you can point us to? Force is their weapon, not fire or any magic? Do they have any resistances? Acid, poison, fire? Are we going to play bad Grog, good gnome? Oh, you're going to guilt it out of him. (voice breaking) Grog, I don't think I can-- I'm emotional thinking of all the people in Whitestone who are going to die. I can't keep it together. Is there any information you might know that can save your people? Oh, good, yeah. Ooh. We're shaking down our friend. Is there anyone else who has knowledge that you can think of that we should speak to? Thank you for your service to Whitestone. We've had a weird, rough week, so sorry if we-- I don't think we can talk our way out of this one. You're top five in Whitestone, for sure. We did a good thing in there, Grog. He's going to kill you someday. I think we got all there was. High-five. So wait, you want to make poison and not do anything with it? In case someone comes over for tea? That reminds me. On the walk home with Grog, I turn to him and say Oi, Grog, got any of those guns? How many? Why should Percy have all the fun? What say you and me take a pistol each, just as a backup plan? An insurance policy. You don't want a pistol? You'd look so cool! You are about the personal touch. Do you have any ammo? Holy shit! Is there any blood on either of them? I want the bloody one. Thank you, Grog. Thank you very much. I don't know what to do with this, so I'll pocket it. I've seen Percy do that a lot. Stares right down the barrel and make sure it's working. You don't have any guns? What happened to your guns? We're friends here, right, Grog? I don't know what he's doing. I would not trust him. But then again, you don't have a choice. He was right! He doesn't know. (laughter) Oh, yes! Title him! Grand Poobah de Doink of All of This and That. I'm unfamiliar with protocol. A Grand Poobah, how do you address them? Is it a "your Majesty," a "your Highness," "your Grace?" Hey, you guy. This is a great day, Grog. Percy, don't forget, you promised me one of those guns. Maybe you can teach me first, and when I've learned, you can give me one. (belches) Hey, guys! Door was open, thought I'd come in. Grog's right outside in the hall. It's crazy! Is that a brain in a jar? What, my Gate scroll? Yeah, well, I left that at home today, but I think it calls the thing that you call for. You give it a name, it goes, it grabs it, it brings it in. The gate does stay open for as long as your conjuration, which is about a minute. Yes, that is true-- I could drop it, yes. However, this is a tricky spell for me because I am not-- as much as it pains me to say this, I am not good enough to cast this spell. I'm really good, but I'm not quite that good, so I can cast it, but it carries a risk. If luck is not on my side, it will not work. Like it won't work forever. I get one shot. If I don't do it right, it's gone forever. Yes. My penis will fall off. I'm not giving this thing to Raishan. But do we know anyone who is at a slightly higher skill level than me? Is she an arcane caster? Do we know where Kima and Allura are? What is she going to be doing to help us, anyway? We could do that. And our plan doesn't necessarily have to be kill Vorugal, turn and kill Raishan right there. We can keep playing with her for a little while longer. Three. I have an Ioun stone. And do what? Hey. Where's Allura? Yeah, the guard was supposed to get you both. Yes, I don't normally need to ask for help with magic, but this Gate scroll that I have here, is this something that you can do? Forget I ever showed it to you. Doesn't exist. I know it's really cool, but you shouldn't know about it. It's bad news. No, I do need it, desperately, yes. It's very vital to our mission. Would that make this scroll inactive? Yes. I think I understand how it works, but I don't know if I'll be able to do it when the time comes. I think what she's referring to is once we pull the thing through, it acts of its own volition. We can't tell it what to do. Probably not? (sighs) All right. We don't, we pull it through right in front of-- I could be invisible. Also I don't know if you'd heard, but Tiberius fell. Won't she ask why Asum is with us? Paints us as pretty shady folk. I don't know, we're putting her in a lot of danger. She could help protect the city, it could go under siege. We can get her out of it really quickly. We can tell her that it never happened. She'll choose a fight every time. If you want I can wipe her memory of the fact that we offered-- I defer to the Grand Poobah's will. I will change my vote to yes. I know. Don't worry, I'll wipe their minds, too. Let's bring her. Yes. And what's our plan? Do we go to sleep and wake up and go? How do we get there? How are we getting there? We're going to burn her spell in the morning to get there? Shouldn't we go now, sleep there? With Raishan? In my house? Raishan's not getting in the mansion, ever. Two days? Fine, let's go. Oh boy. Why, what are you doing tomorrow? Oh. You want to go now? We could go now and camp there. She's not getting in the mansion. She can go sit in the fucking snow and go to sleep, for all I care. Oh. The whole shebang, or just what we said right now? Just what we just said right now, just that? Great. Okay, yeah. Good. Nine minutes and counting. I can do crazy things. Lady Kima. We, in order to kill one dragon, are entering into a deal with another. If we do this, it could help us kill the dragon that killed Tiberius. Lady Kima, you're looking at a group of idiots who have felled dragons, killed beholders, negotiated with sphinxes, gone to other realms and other planes, and somehow managed to get out of it more or less alive. Or you can let us go into this without you. And probably all die. Oh, you are? It could be. But with you by our side, it has a slightly better chance of going correct. Lil' Kim. It's for your own protection. We can't tell you everything. After all we've been through-- We're asking you to trust us blindly in this scenario, and I know that it's not ideal, but we have saved you before. Should I wipe her memory? TRAVIS and Might be easier, at this point. Lady Kima, I don't know what you're talking about. We go where the dragon is, we're going to release bait. When the dragon is done with the bait, we go in and kill the dragon. Maybe a third after that. I thought you were gone. I thought we were going? We're leaving now? Where? TALIESIN and Kynan? Kynan didn't really hear anything. What, that we're leaving now? (whispering) Her. It was so turgid. Are we ready to do this? Hey, before we go, Lady Kima. (singing) When the gnome hits your eye like a big pizza pie, you've been mind-melded! (speaking) I'm going to wipe her mind. It's too risky. Of the whole conversation. It's too risky. Nope! It's a ten-minute conversation. 21. Oh, you're going to bust me on that? 19, then. (laughter) (yelps) (nervous laugh) This is how I die. (groaning) You passed the test. You're worthy of coming with us on the journey. Sure, yeah. I'll poof the mansion. I was going to show you to your room-- All right, well, then you can sleep in the fucking living room. Great. Servants! Don't help her. Is it prepared? No, I mean, she has to prepare it ahead of time. You can do it tomorrow morning, or not at all. Wasn't the leader of the dragonborn a female, first of all? And wasn't Vorugal a male? I'm also going out there with them. Ten. Oh, I'm going to try to load the gun. 16. Oh! Thank you. 11. Okay. That's it. Holstered. What's going on? Are we going to go talk to Tooma? Can we all go as a group tomorrow? No? How far are we from Tooma? You could fly. We're not going near the dragon. We're going to see Tooma. We could fly in as little birds or something. Stay low in the ravines, out of sight. We'll be out of range. Sure. All right. I can make us both invisible, so we'll be plenty stealthy. No, but they need their people all ready to attack. Also, they might be able to tell us where we should release the beast. We'll be invisible. It'll be fine. We're the best in the business. We walked around here completely without any stealth protection last time. We did fine, and we didn't even know anything about the culture or the people. Maybe you should enhance my stealth ability. Oh, thanks. I will give us both Invisibility, level three Invisibility. Yeah. The top of the ravine? In the ravine, right? Oh. Oh, it's steep? Horrifying check. Who, us? Her? Everyone? 16. One hour. No. Should we become visible, or wait until we get right up next to Tooma and then become visible? All right. Okay, yes, let's do it. I'll drop Invisibility. Yeah, so is anyone awake? Hi. Hello. It's fine. Yes, we're friends of Tooma. We've come to parlay. I have no weapons. I play fiddles. Would you like me to drop it to the floor? All right. Well, I'm already being asked to take off my belt. We're friends of Tooma. We have an important mission. 22. Oh yeah, we don't speak this. Lady Tooma, sorry to wake you out of your slumber. Well, where we come from, it's a totally different time. We've come to complete our promise to you. The fact that we are here should give you at least some confidence that we are men of our words. As a show of good faith, could you please instruct your guards to go get our weapons and bring them close to us? Not for any use, we just want them close by. We really would like them close to us. All right. Then we'll leave, and the dragon will torment your people forever. We are not trying to have weapons by our side, we want them close at hand. I don't trust them with people I don't know. Here's the plan. We'll be quick so you can get back to sleep. Tomorrow morning, we're going to release a beast that will, we hope, lure the dragon out of its lair. We want you and your people at the ready to attack. Can that be done? And where would you recommend we release this beast? Insight check. 16. I get a whisper! Who will talk about Loot Crate? Is there any particular time that the dragon would be hungry for a hunt? And once this hunt happens, and hopefully weakens the dragon, will you be ready to pounce? All right. How do we get word to you that we're in position? Okay. Anything else? Unless you'd like to talk about anything else tonight? Not a morning person? Evening person? All right. (hyperventilating) I hope this doesn't make us fall! One more Invisibility for both of us. Hi, Random Cat Who Is Definitely Supposed To Be Part of This Landscape. Let's go. Can we ride? I can, probably. I'm little. Are you ready to rumble?! I think we've got a really solid plan. Also, there's a really good chance that I won't be able to summon that thing, and then we'll have to improvise. Or so great! The thing has a DC. A very high DC. I don't know, can I? I didn't bring any of my stuff tonight. Eagle's Splendor?