You're from Portal? And you're Assassin's Creed? Okay, I guessed on that one. He's from Fallout, he told me. That's the only one I know. He is Ellie from The Last of Us. I'm Pac-Man. This is apparently Pac-Man. This was $14 on Amazon and it does not look like Pac-Man to me. It looks like an M&M. Tor Books! Today's episode is brought to you by our friends at Tor Books, America's largest publisher of science fiction and fantasy. On November 14th, Tor Books is proud to release Oathbringer, by Brandon Sanderson. The third book in the #1 best-selling Stormlight Archive follows The Way of the Wings and Words of Radiance. To gear up for your return to Roshar, which apparently is something from the book, Tor Books is celebrating by offering fans a chance to win an exclusive, one-of-a-kind Bag of Holding. This 100% leather messenger bag was handcrafted by Beastman Caravan and contains a copy of Oathbringer to help you on your quest. For a chance to win and for official rules, visit the link that will be on your screen, and follow Tor on Twitter at @torbooks to tell them what's in your Bag of Holding using the hashtag #torbagofholding. Because they're watching, guys, real quick, they're a huge sci-fi publisher. This is my chance to pitch my book. I've been pitching it around town, not really getting traction, but they're watching. Captive audience. So bear with me. Here's my pitch. Elevator pitch. The year is 9999 and techno-cyber detective Icarus Dunk is tracking the infamous Extonium bandit, Wrath McQuaid through the radiation mines of Sector Nine. Armed with his trademark time cannon, Icarus came ready for danger, but didn't bargain for love. At a hex-fuel outpost in the desert world of Crypto-Diphthong Nine, Icarus' ship, the STS Peacock, docks with a mysterious vessel piloted by the most beautiful Gorgon he's ever laid his eyes on the leggy, legendary ecto-crystal smuggler named Crasnogorofst Nine. All of her faces are as gorgeous as her name. With Icarus and Crasnogorofst Nine together, will the universe ever be the same? Think of it like Ender's Game meets Dune, but with Asimov dialog and Heinlein twists, and a little dash of, I don't know, The Name of the Wind or something. It's available. It doesn't currently have a publisher yet. Also, I haven't written it yet. I'm trying to sell it on the pitch. Thank you, Tor Books! Please buy my book. Aged six months in a Bag of Holding. Is this mine? I can't read it. This was a long time ago. Yeah, I'm a dick. Wait, so I can say-- We've talked about this before. I could say, "Alexa, play Critical Role." I'm going to do it tonight. Can we eat it? I think you mean the Rays. Yeah, what are we doing next week? Are we announcing that? One-shot? Travis Willingham one-shot. That is a high-concept piece. That could be a disaster. Good job, vampire Laura. I'm not hungry. Yeah. Can we talk for a second about who was that up there? Gary Gygax? Matthew Colville. Was he undead? Or was he just a man? Was he? You, Liam O'Brien, know all sorts of stuff about vampires. I, Sam Riegel, do not. I didn't even see Interview With A Vampire. Was it? Well, we're not going back there now, it blew up. We can't go back up, it exploded. I am. But I, unlike Vax from Vox Machina, don't have darkvision. Do we have anything that glows? All right. Do you want me to go down there? I'm going to go so fast and dart ahead like 40 feet. Yeah. Maybe we should do that. Sure. Oh god. Last time someone licked something, tasted something-- That looks so gross with the teeth. The tongue with the-- ugh. How's it look down there, Laura? Guys, I took off my shoes and I've got to say it feels so much better. It's the eyebrows. Well, I put on this part and I was like it needs something else. Oh yeah. You could have a feast! I don't eat rats. You mean live forever in the sewers? What if we need-- Don't you want to solve this? There's got to be a cure right? Are we? Taliesin, are we tired? Who's thinking princes and queens of death? We almost were killed by werewolves and bigger vampires. We'd be the lowest-- I don't know anything about vampires, but we could be private first class vampires. I also learned that I could kill a man in seconds flat. I killed a person, I don't know what came over me. It was amazing. I killed Max. Wait, who did you kill? Did you know who she was? Oh, that girl, yeah. And I guess I probably caused that other boy to die. I've killed two people, Travis. So we're just committing? After an hour of being a vampire we're saying, "You know what, fuck "it, let's be vampires forever." It's going to really hurt your commercial auditions. Really? You have a good commercial voice. Yeah, I think so. Young mom. Sure. Yeah, sports are played there. His vampire powers are amazing. He clutched this very warm mug. I just touched myself and you didn't know because I'm so fast that I-- Just adjusted a little bit. Let's go! Are you on point? Like a Hi-Chew. That's what you've established now? Is there a way to continue on down the sewer path or that's it? All right, let's turn around. If we follow the arrow where the sanctuary was pointing. Yeah. I don't give a shit. Under Mulholland? That's far. You're proficient in hobo? This marking means "can of beans." What if these are taggers? Taggers. What's our endgame here? We've been walking for miles. Are there any other tunnels? Or any other peeks up into the daylight, or up top? What's up, Travis? Speak in code, speak in pig latin. I'm drawing my XLR whip. I'm going. Yes, I take off after it. It says you are capable of an incredibly fast response time. I don't know, what does that mean? May use your dodge skill against firearms, you don't suffer penalties-- I have Grace that makes me climb any vertical surface no matter how slippery or flimsy. Just 1d10? One. No, I have plenty, you don't need to give me any more, I've got five over here. I'm just not giving them back to you when I'm done because that's silly. What do I? Do I roll one of these? But I don't catch him, or what? Oh. I will try to grapple him. With my mic cable, I'm going to try and wrap it around his snout, so he can't open his snout. Strength brawl, that's my forte. Oh, boy. Three successes. I'm trying to hog tie him while I say get over here! I need help! Oh! He talks! I think we like warm blood, we like mammals. I'm going to try to tie him more secure. Two successes, one fail. Yes, it's a blood die. It's a one. Hog tying him. I went to a rodeo once. I don't know, it talks, who are you, what are you? We'll unhand you if you tell us who and what you are. Or lock. Or rock. No? This is your tunnel? We just became vampires an hour ago. Oh god. I knew they were true! How long does the tunnel go? Where can we find an exit? We're new at this. You've been here for what, a millennia or something? We've been vampires for I guess two weeks, right? No one guided us through the change. We had no bar mitzvah or whatever you call it. We have powers, all right? Look at this. And I walk up around the tunnel, like in a loop-de-loop. Yeah, but I'm not a lizard. He's an agent at UTA. If I untie you, do you promise not to run away? I will untie the beast. Is he more crocodile? He's been released. I release him. In real life, or as a vampire? Do you know what the size and shape is, Liam? Is this the old zoo? Collecting old lizard maps of LA? Treble? There's music in there. I'm pretty sure you said "treble" twice. No, there's music! It's fine. Without a proper introduction, how will we know who we're talking to? We really need you in there with us. Who should go in first? Why? We choose leaders based on size? It should be on intelligence. Yes. Absolutely. But not because he's strong. I'm the dumbest one?! Thanks, Taliesin. Out of those guys, I think Sam's probably the dummy. Duh, that sounds good. Going to the big house. I've got some ideas. Theater training. So if you could undo it and make us humans again, I think we'll be on our way. That sounds amazing. LIAM and It would be really great, but we're still getting used to this, though. Apparently not. I mean, we haven't compared SAT scores or anything, but we will later tonight. Sure. 1600? Yeah, that's true. There was also, I mean, some sort of void under the game table, right? That could have plunged people down below? He might be a Critter. They're everywhere! Critters are everywhere! We're good at catching rats. Passage to the surface? Sure. It doesn't seem like a great message to deliver to someone. Just saying, like, they might be upset with us. But I feel like if it's nighttime we should probably hurry. Because we can't be up there when the sun comes up. But what about our friends, our family? You're just going to give up everyone you know and love to be immortal sewer vampires? I love hanging out with you, but it's not like we can podcast from down here. I'll think about it. Does anyone speak Spanish? What does Los Globos mean? The Globos. What does that mean? I'm going to try to turn into a bat. Three successes. (straining) We can't be bats. But maybe we can walk through walls and shit? Yeah, of course. It's all coiled up. Of course not, but I don't know if an XLR cable will hold us. Wait, I'll lift you up. My powers, I can walk up walls and shit, can't I? There's no wall to walk up? Oh, he can help! We'll sign, like, a Player's Handbook. All right, so you boost me up? Great. I'll hang with Liam. Got to stay close. Non-success. Four. I'm going to be wearing this costume every day for the next few days. This is my Halloween costume. Laura, my eyes are up here, okay? Is it night still? So wait, there's a gate that prevents us from leaving this crypt? We were so fast that we got here in like ten minutes. Are there humans around? Is it movie night? Are you guys going to feed? Is there a group of these guys, of these humans? Listen, let's not jump the gun on this. I know you guys are hungry, but let's do this smart. I'm fast, you're stealthy, right? Okay, how about this. Me and Laura will go around. I'll chase them toward you. Laura can keep them contained, and we'll drive them to you guys rather than us trying to chase them, we'll drive them this way. But it's a cemetery, and they're hipsters! They could be joking around with each other. You don't have superhuman strength, right? You're just Liam. And it's a blood die. I'm sure he's just looking for someone. We're going to hunt. I'm going to circle around somebody and try to drive them to Travis. I've got fangs! Do I have fangs? Okay. All right, Laura, come with me. Act like my girlfriend or something. We're going to go talk to those people and push them toward Travis. Are there any people around? Is there anyone who looks stout or like they have a lot of blood in them? Is there anyone standing alone-ish or lagging behind their group? Yeah, me too. I'm looking for tourists specifically. Four successes. Let's not kill them. Like, if we tell him we're vampires, come let us drink your blood? I'm going to come with. Yeah, we're doing a shoot. Don't forget blood. Oh, that's a lot. Taliesin's brother thinks you're pretty charismatic. What is it? Pickleback? What's that? I'm Sam, by the way. It's nice to meet you. I do stuff with her on Critical Role. It's a dumb show. I'm going to get down on my hands and knees for one of those push-over things. Push him over! Push him over! Like on True Blood. Vampire on vampire fight? He's going to remember now. I don't think Travis knows how to snap someone's neck. That's a video game thing. How would he know how to snap someone's--? That's hard to do! I'm sure you've seen it in movies, but it doesn't just happen like that! Well, I mean, all of us have killed except for you, at this point. You killed Will Friedle. I feel like we've taken a plunge here. (loud burp) Yep. Sorry. Nope. You got other stuff, but not cake. The balls, the balloons. Something like that. What are they? What kind of creature are they? Are they vampires? And what are their names? How will we know it's them? We don't have IDs. Because we look old. We don't have any money. We can't buy anything in here. Well, I don't know. To fit in? I never understood why would anyone go into those clubs if people were dying all the time. We can barter some blood or something. I don't know. Maybe you could convince him with your charms! Are there ladies on the dance floor? Glow-sticks. Wait, are there any young ladies on the dance floor that I can maybe chat up? Nope. I'll pick one and say Excuse me! Hey. Excuse me. Hey. Do you come here a lot? Does it stir anything in me? Do I have an urge to kill her or anything like that? One. I'll continue. I'll spin her back around and say, that was so hardcore! This is not the Electric Slide I grew up with! I'm working this girl right here. I think I'm going to-- Is there a clipboard list? Well, I could super-fast try to type one on his iPhone, but that seems like he's going to catch me, right? I'm not that fast. If you distract him, I could whiz by him. We could both. And then we could come out and be like, hey, let our friends in. Okay, how are you going to distract him? TRAVIS; I got it. So I walk back up to the bouncer and I start in the normal roped area and I move to his opposite side so that he has to follow me with his vision. The thing about fingers is you don't really need all of them. And I'll snap this finger off. Just break it right there. Is he distracted? I'm going to wait and see if Laura gets through before I dash. Oh. Well, that's why. What's going on under the Pac-Man suit? You don't know. Did I see Laura get through? Well then, is he still distracted? I'm going to bolt past him. Just 1d10? Two. Don't worry, I have plenty over here. Ooh, not good. Well okay, that's one roll. Oh wait, that has to be another hunger dice. Oh wait, that knocked that one over! This is one success, one blood fail. What, you're going to stay? Oh god. Does it hurt? Do you need me to bite your finger to pour my regenerative blood on it or anything? I will bite his finger. Critical success! Two blood criticals and a fail. I'm sorry! I can heal it. I bite my wrist. I saw True Blood! I bite my wrist and I rub it on the stuff. One success, one fail. You said plus two! Wait, what does that mean, plus two? I roll two more dice? Oh, okay then. One success, one fail and two more successes. Three successes. Listen man, we had some bad ecstasy and we're just freaking out a little right now. We were trying to do the finger trick. There's a lot of fails. Is that true? Well, the old bite someone's finger off to get in the VIP section trick. Did my blood heal him at all? I'm going to try to put the finger back onto the stump to see if seals. It's a character from My Little Pony. I'm going to suck his severed finger like a popsicle. Do I get anything out of it? (slurping) (groaning) Do I do that? Do I get any blood out of the finger? Oh, I didn't know. I haven't seen that! I haven't seen that, because that's the one with Tom Cruise. If my wrist hurts, I'll think about it. Sure. Two. And then what? I heal? So I get my health point back? Taliesin, the music. Are we talking things that I would recognize? Chemical Brothers, your Fat Boy Slims? I want to go on the dance floor and see if I can chat anybody up. Excuse me. With a white man's overbite. A female. Using my vampiric charms, I'm going to say Hey! Where is he tonight? Where is he tonight? Yeah, the big man. You know. Oh hey! Hey! You know, the guy who runs the show. The guy who runs the club, the most important of us here. Yeah. Yeah, that's how it is. Is it? Have you always been like this? Always always? I don't know most of the crew. Matt and Marisha are dead. Is he here tonight? Have you seen him? Who runs this club? Whose club is this? Do you think they have any Ace of Base records that we could request? Blood. We would like to drink human blood. We need human blood to drink. And to the confidence that we all have, having killed a human being. True vampires. First kill, man. It just felt so good. You don't have a double wide. TRAVIS and Checking us out? We're so cool. It's Yuri! Long story short, Geek & Sundry, Legendary, there's armageddon over there. Monsters roving-- We set it off. We don't know if he did it, but he was involved and there's been a changing of the guard or disturbance in the order of things. The lizard people are very upset. Who said that? That was-- Like Tor Books? Well, I didn't kill any innocent people. No bodies around in public places. Are families assigned to us? Are you going to kill us? We could prove ourselves in a crucible-style-- Re-slice open my wrist. Ugh. It personally makes me physically uncomfortable. I'm going to take a step forward and say, as a vampire, as a young, junior vampire, I feel like I have a lot to offer. I have strength, maybe not of body, but of spirit, clearly not mind. And I feel like I can make any family proud with my nice-guy attitude and optimism, which are traits that vampires really need. (laughs) Thank you. I yield the rest of my time. I don't understand this game. Six. Okay. Perception and awareness. Two successes, no fails. My family has chosen me. It hurts! I'm going to try to shove it back through. Oh wait! I turn around to see who did it. Yeah. Can I attack her? I was trying to find out who Yuri was! Can I attack her? Do I have to roll for initiative? How does this work? You want me to roll that? Two success-- three successes. Three successes. (strained sounds) (strained) He's never killed anyone! He doesn't have any guts! I got it because I did say something. (laughs) Wait. I'm going to try-- I'm going to scream a primal scream and say, I'll show you what a real vampire is! And I'll run using my super speed at Satine with the stake that's sticking out of my body and just hug her in the heart and try to jam it into her chest. Three successes, no fails. Can I dodge it? But I have an incredibly fast response time. My initiative doubles, can use dodge skill against firearms. So what am I rolling? Dex dodge. Two successes. I'm going to take more points. I'm dead. That's it. (laughs) I hold his hand. (dying voice) On the next episode of All Work No Play! Wait, the back room where Mary was or the back room where--