Hi, guys. Vacation Sam here. Quidd is our sponsor tonight, a fantastic new sticker app for your phone. You can check it out at bitly, that's bit.ly/crquidd. I didn't know much about the company, but Quidd sounded vaguely British, so little-known fact about me, I have access to the BBC archives at home, so I did some snooping and sure enough, I found a World War II newsreel transcript that talked about Quidd, so I thought I would do a dramatic reading of it for you right now. News from the front! This is Nigel J. Creamhutch reporting from BBC London. March 23, 1944 may be a turning point in WWII as PM Churchill announces a new weapon in the fight against those devilish Nazis. They're calling it Quidd, a new app where you can collect stickers, cards and Funko figures on your telephone device. Our lads on the frontlines are already using it! We spoke with Lieutenant Neville Bingham of the Royal Navy. Right, yeah, Quidd's this free app available on the Apple App Store and Google Play, and it's helping us drive Hitler back to Berlin. But it's not just our Tommies. The Reds have discovered Quidd as well! We spoke with tank commander Ivan Bashenko. With Quidd, Russian army is strongest in world. Morale better now with thousands of stickers to collect that can be used like emojis in messages to your friends. Stalingrad will not fall with these cute stickers! Why, they're even using Quidd across the pond! We spoke with American sergeant John Smith, an American Doughboy. I'm John, an American. We American GIs love to collect stickers from brands like Rick and Morty, Bob's Burgers, Family Guy, Breaking Bad, Star Trek, and newly announced Game of Thrones. Take that, Emperor Hirohito! Well, there you have it, ladies and gents. Your British Armed Forces and our allies will defeat the Nazis and win the Second Great War if you go to bit.ly/crquidd and check out Quidd. Good night, good luck, and god save the queen, pip pip! (cheering) Yeah, it was a weird transcript. I would have shown the newsreel, but it was just a transcript. Find out next time! (laughter) Hold on though, we haven't read it yet. What if it's terribly written, by a child? I feel like with that many people we should have beach balls in the audience, and they can do the wave. We're still in heaven right now? We forgot to ask. No other people? Guards? Nothing. Sure. I'll go up to one and say, hello there, big fellow. Hello. Vacation Scanlan here. Couple questions. By the way, was he one of the ones who fought in there? Oh. Do they all look alike? 17 plus one. Okay. Hey, just wondering, a few questions. A god brought us here. All right, cool. Number two Are there any other like your Dawnfather around here? Any other gods in the area? So we covered our bases. Out of curiosity What are you called? Yeah. I already forgot it. I'm too intimidated. Was it no one or something? I don't know. Well, good speaking to you. Well, how do we get out of here? Can she take us home? I know, but I don't know. They talked about some sort of a gate that keeps the gods out and the bad gods in. Yeah, but there was also a mention of some Divine Gate that keeps people from-- Sure, sure. Haven't been to Kraghammer for a while, although Daxio might be worth a check. My other home, summer home. What do we need to bring into the trammel? Wait, it said that? What time of day is it? How tired are we? Well, what are we going to need on this trip? Maybe we should get whatever supplies we need. Is it far? Are we going to become gas? No, we'e in Terrah. But the next day, we're going to the-- Well, sleep? Do we need to get any intel on where these pools are? Do we need anything? Do you know the one who lives here? Then let's go see him or her. Or they. You've been used to that your whole life. I have to sing for dinner. You just say-- Maybe I'll get more food. The waiter is like, what? The Pools of Wittebak. You know this place? Hulking, stupid giants? They grew. (laughter) I don't know. (laughs) Do you know what type of giant? We've seen a few types of giants. Do you know their make and model? (laughing) I guess so. The Dawnfather said we must hurry or else the world will end. Yes, do we have lodging? The chat knew where you put your stuff? No way! Yes, we have a guest. Set off! For the Pools of Hatabah! (laughter) The adjacent to the Pools of Hatafah. Hey, before we leave, real quick Kiki. Can you send messages or anything? It's just you're so powerful. Let's go. I would send a letter, but it'll take weeks. So forget it. We'll be somewhere close to somewhere with magic soon. You trust these folks? All right, I'll scribble a little note and say-- well, no, there's no way they can get it to-- it's too far! It's too far! Here, I'll show you, Grog. I write, a sphincter says what. Yes! Yeah, let's do it. We wrote it down. He said "which direction?" He did not say "Where are you going?" He said "which direction?" I've been there. No, I knew of it, right? But I don't know exactly where. Wilderness is your favored terrain. Yeah! Are you suggesting we set up a perimeter? Are we knocking properly or are we just going to Invisibility in and see who's in there? I'll go knock on the door. It seems like a smallish door, right? I'll go first. I'll go knock. Before we knock, what were we told was in this thing? The key. Inside a person, inside a house. Can we evade them and get into-- (chuckles) What is this stick? Like me. I'll just rap on the door with my knuckles. Hello? Bidet? You need this? Oh, you need this. Oh! I've been goosed. Kaitiaki! I will step forward and say, hello, there. (whispers) I'm real. I play an old, traditional gnome song to soften him a bit. I don't know. (laughter) May we speak? May we have a moment of your time? What do they call you? Sprigg the Obnoxious? I'm going to look like you, or you're going to look like me? Your companions. Not to bring up sad times. How long ago did they go away? Perish? And how, was it in a fight? Against a powerful entity? Yes. Yes, we want this to be a positive visit for you, so is there anything we can tell you from the world outside that you might be curious about? The books, you mean? What do you have, Grog? All or just one? We seek a key. You have a point. They don't do much for us in the day-to-day. We know that she possesses knowledge that could help us in our quest to save the world, and therefore, no matter what her personality is, she is valuable to us. Yeah, we're pro-world here. Hi. Hi, mirror man. Listen. Let's cut to the chase here. We need information from you. You need something from us. Grog, give him a card. We're dancing around this! We need this man! Are you going to take the stone as a source of power? He said it's too mysterious. That was a good pun. Who is they? And who were you fighting against? You, we? Gods? Darin, it was really great having you on. Thanks so much. Whoa, this is a cute house! There's a sack of something in the corner! Oh my god, how are we all going to fit in there? Near Sprigg-ish. These trees need to move. There's cloaked men everywhere Initiative? I don't trust Gil. I never roll on his dice. 19. NKOTB. Quidd, everyone. Quidd. Oh, they left. The fight's over, everyone. Did Pike roll? Yes. Oh boy. Not great. 16. Is it magical? Natural 20 to hit, sure. That's 17. I am going to, bonus action-- down here, success, one. I'm going to heal him first. I'll bonus action Healing Word him, 2nd-level. I will sing to him. I'll do a little line dance right in front of him and I'll say (singing) I'll heal your heart, your achy breaky heart. I just don't think you'll understand. That if I heal your heart, your achy breaky heart, you got to wake up and kill a man! Nice! Seven plus six. 13. It's my turn still. I will hold my turn. Dimension Door, but I'm holding until either Pike or Keyleth heals him more. And I will also say to him, old man, do you have some fight left in you? Hold that thought for one second. He failed, or the guy failed? That hits. Everything hits. What was the second one? 24. Well, it's your house. Did you just call your fiancé-- He's an old guy. We were either going to kill him or burn his house down. It was always going to end this way. As soon as she does that, I grab him and we Dimension Door out the house. To the only place I know front of the house. Outside the front door. Not right outside, but towards the edge of the map there. Yeah, anywhere around there, on approach to the house. Where's the front door to the house? So I'd be 20 feet, the way we approached to the house. So where you got it, if that's the way we approached. Okay. Ten. Is it naked? It's the "This is fine" meme, except it's just Keyleth. He's an illusionist, Laura. But you did make a bunch of those herbs. And there's a shit-ton of shit on fire right now. 20. There's another guy over there? Have I seen him yet? Oh, I see somebody. For the beginning of the round, I'll say, guys, I think large giants are coming. Be aware. LAURA and What? I can't hear you! Speak clearly! Okay. Shit. I'll approach the guy I can see burning, on fire. That's where the front door is, right? Is he in front of the front door? Oh yeah. That. So I'll take out my Wand of Magic Missiles, and I will just take down the rope. Oh, that's a five. 16. That's not a lot. No. I'm going to move towards any entrance or window I see. I can't really see over there. I'll go towards that [no audio] other one. Yeah, no thanks to him. And for a bonus, I guess I will inspire Darin De Paul, or rather, Sprigg. I will sing to him, (singing) You had a bad day, you gettin' knocked down. I sing you a song just to turn it around! You say you don't know, but please don't die. I'll sing you this song and maybe you'll go for a ride. You had a bad day. (speaking) I don't know how that song goes. (singing) You had a bad day. (groaning and laughing) Super disadvantage. Is that in the book? Did I see the bolt or any indication that he exists? Figure out how you're going to ruin Darin's life more. No. You have action, action, action, action, action. (laughter) MARISHA and Matt, not to be a dick, but has anyone stepped on the trap on the floor? So cool. You're doing the little splits over it. But your boots are gone. For sure. Defenestrated! I'll Lightning Bolt him as he runs away. I'm running over to see that staff with an eye in it. Does that thing have an eye in it? She's the cutest. We have a prisoner? Floorboards! In her face! You're blue balling. (whispering) Look down. Is in you or is you? If you're the key, where's the lock? Where do we take you? Divining. Is he real? Are you the same Sprigg as before? Are there any doors leading forward or back? You're inspired, if you want to use inspiration. Is there a central area info desk? Oh, that's a natural 20. I'm clutching my Ioun stone. Are Vex and Percy walking with me? I'm going to whip out my flute and I start going, (wedding march). Look at your shirt. Well. First comes love. Then comes marriage. Wait, you're married? Wait, no, you said you were betrothed to be married? Wait, you're married? Oh, wow, you just spilled it! They're married! So you're going to ruin everyone else's joy. You're one of those couples. Are you guys going on vacation? We got a divorce. Seems like it could be this way. We'll have to band together and go forward. Yes. It's glowing in here. Is it glowing any more than-- Oh, okay. That's an eight. Maybe 11, I don't know. Do I add Jack of All Trades? I really want to know. I will inspire myself, and I'll add a d12. That makes it 16. Let's keep going. He was acting nobly. I won't tell anyone if you don't want me to. I think it's great. It's wonderful when two people can fall in love and have each other forever and ever. That's nice. No, I mean it! You guys are great. You're super cute together. You'll make Whitestone-- You'll be celebrities there. No, they eloped, so we're clear. Wow, Matt. Wow, Darin!