Hey, everybody! It's me, Sam Riegel! Welcome to Not Critical Role! I will be your host for the evening and Dungeon Master. This is the first time I've ever done this, so treat me nicely and gently. I will be guiding our players tonight through some sort of convoluted story that I've come up with. My guests for this evening are ferociously handsome and attractive people. Perhaps I can introduce them to you now. Over here is cabbage-smelling Brian Foster. Next to him is the fabulously talented and sultry Mary Elizabeth McGlynn. Next to her is cute-as-a-button Ashly Burch. Then my wife and yours, Liam O'Brien. Next to him, playing his first ever game of Dungeons and Dragons-- This is Eric Bauza, man of a thousand voices. He really doesn't know how to play at all, and didn't really practice. Yeah, that's right! I will be asking for a lot of help tonight from Liam O'Brien, as will Eric. Matt and Marisha and the rest of the Critical Role gang are on the playa in Burning Man right now, so they can't be here. Naked. Humping each other. So they can't be here tonight, but we're going to carry on without them and have a one-shot deal. We have some announcements before we go, right, Liam? I'll start. First, new merch, guys! New merch available in the store right now. This awesome shirt that says Dalen's Closet in Shamal Bay. It's a little throwback to that little fun beach adventure we had with pranks and stuff. Ooh, it's so soft. Wow, that's such a beachy shirt! Wow, I love it! And it's available in the store already? Now? Go purchase it! Go purchase the shirts. So that's our merch update. Liam and I will be tomorrow morning flying to Sacramento to do SacAnime. Are you doing it, Mary? So we'll be in Sacramento for the weekend, me and Liam, doing stuff. Come see us. Come say hi if you're in the northern central California vicinity. Sure. Any other announcements, Liam? Oh Jesus, Brian, come on. Eric, anything to plug? Oh is that true? September 23rd, tune in to DuckTales. He played 30 characters in one episode? Something like that. It's a lot. Ash-boo, anything? All right, so with all that out of the way, let's dive into another episode of Critical Role! [dramatic music] I have two drinks, one alcoholic-- Okay. So needless to say, I'm super nervous because I've never done this before, but it's going to be fun, and if it sucks then who cares, right? So let's just dive in, right? I'm going to play music from my iPad. I'm now turning to my notes. All right. I'm about to begin the show. Here we go. Black and white, as far as the eye can see. The black of a cold night sky, the white of ice capping every tree and dusting the roads below. It is a frigid, monochromatic night in Jorenn Village, at the foot of the Umber Hills-- until! A flash of yellow hair, hoofbeats, a fast-moving horse, a young human woman riding at top speed through the windy night. She barrels down the street, muttering to herself, "Shit, shit, shit, I'm late again!" Then suddenly, a thunk. The horse whinnies. Did she just hit something or someone? Oh no. The young woman stops, dismounts, walks back, and sees an awful sight. An old woman in a simple grey robe, cane in a mangled hand, face bloody, arm broken. She's motionless, ashen. "Oh fuck," says the girl. "Oh my fuck. I think I-- is that a-- I just killed someone. Oh gods, what am I going to "do? I am so dead." The young woman looks around. No one to call for a doctor. No fire-lit homes to knock on for help. Wait. No lights. No prying eyes. No witnesses. The rider takes a breath, kicks a little snow over the body of the old woman, checks the streets one more time, and then mounts the horse and gets the hell out of there, no one the wiser. She rides on, feeling guilty, but also relieved. No one saw, right? Right? In a few minutes she arrives at her destination, shivering with cold. She ties her horse to the lion statue across the street, just in time for her shift at the second crappiest tavern in town The Ass Sailor. The sign above the door once said "The Crass Sailor," but months ago, vandals pried off the shitty letters C-R, so now it just reads, "The Ass Sailor." The name seems to have resonated with its low-life patrons and they seem to prefer it. The poorly built tavern sits on the foundation of an old chapel, and some time in the last hundred years was expanded to two stories a pub on the bottom and rooms above. Despite its thin walls, it has one feature that regulars love on nights like this it is notoriously warm. The woman pushes open the door, jogs past the Ass Sailor's source of heat a large hearth, blurred with red coals. It's a small fireplace, but no matter where you sit in The Ass Sailor, you always stay weirdly warm. So toasty, in fact, that there's a massive pile of jackets and scarves and weapons to the left of the door. Everyone inside has stripped down to the bare minimum of dress. With the lack of clothing comes an oversupply of skin, skin of all shades and body parts. The ruddy belly of a human salesman stuffing himself on rotten mutton. The dark blue-tinted shoulder of a tiefling whore, enticing a gray, bearded, older man upstairs. The gray forearm of a half-orc merchant, drawing a mug of Greep from the keg on the bar. Greep, by the way, is a homemade house liqueur. It's so potent, its nickname is "kindling" because it is also extremely flammable. Hint, hint, hint! "You're late!" calls the bar manager, Xavier, wiping his hands on his grubby chef's apron. "I hit some unexpected traffic on the road!" replies your late-shift bartender, Valerie, as she puts on her apron and ducks behind the bar. There are a dozen tables, most populated with drunken assholes, half-witted con artists, and infectious laughter. Val gets right to work on a night that will prove to be unlike any other. At the bar, a noble half-elf woman with fiery eyes, dark skin, and spectacular blonde hair nervously fidgets with her necklace. She glances about, looking for someone. In an elegant blue and white gown and golden jewelry, she is definitely out of place among the riffraff. This, we will learn, is Gryffin. Val, the bartender, approaches. "Hi. So what can I get you?" "Valerie, hi." MARy Hello. Do you have any scotch? I'm over-prepared. Oh god, I've lost the menu. Oh god, everything's gone wrong one minute into the show. Oh god. "We have ale." "We have Greep, which is the house liqueur. We have some whiskey, and we have some wine. The wine "is not very good." "Oh, sure. That'll be seven copper." "There you go. What brings you around here? Haven't seen you before." "Well, we have two ladies of the night over there. One is named Zarvah; she's the tiefling, "and she's a crowd pleaser. Yes. The other is Kay, and she's over there as well." "I'm no one to judge but whatever sort of thing floats your boat. I don't know any young "whores, if that's what you're asking for." "Sure, yes. Frankfurt. He's a dwarven man. He comes in here from time to time. I think he's on a "run. I haven't seen him tonight." "All right, I'll let you know if he arrives." Just then, a tall female humanoid with rippling biceps and long whiskers takes the next stool over. She's covered with tan and orange fur, which is unsurprising because she is tabaxi, a cat-woman. Her feline face is bandaged from recent battles, and she snarls with an imposing posture that says, "Don't fuck with me." This is Clothesline. Val approaches. "Oh, hey, "Clothesline. The usual, I assume?" "Yes." Val takes out a saucer of warm milk and puts it on the bar. "Oh, and here's some "spice, too." She places a box of crimson powder on the bar. It is catnip. "What happened to your face?" "Oh, that's--" "Wow. That sounds like a lovely evening?" "Sure. Clothesline, this is-- What was your name again?" "I don't know. I don't really know." As they speak, over at a small table, a young human girl sits alone, peering out of her hooded cloak. She has almost translucent skin, and snowy wisps of white hair fall over her face. Her cool blue eyes reveal a quiet confidence, but she seems guarded and keeping her back to the wall, not touching her glass of water. This is Jayne. Strolling over to the table, with a wobbly gait, is a short elven man with gray skin, gray hair, and a black leather choker. He wears a sour expression and projects abject apathy. He reeks of booze and appears to be wearing dark red eye makeup. This is Kingston, and it looks like Kingston is approaching Jayne. Hell no. "Hi, Kingston. What can I get for you?" "The child?" "You're going to buy this person food?" "With what money?" "All right, I'll give you some bread. All right?" "Fine." Takes a glass of Greep for you. "And here's two loaves of bread. On your tab. Again." All right, you see a bunch of rowdy people all about you. No one out of the ordinary that you can see so far. Let's see here, what interesting things? You know what? Make a perception check. You see lots of festive people eating lots of food and drinking lots of wine. That's about it. Dangerous? Well, most of the people in here are weaponless. Some do have weapons. The tabaxi over there is packing some biceps and some sharp claws. There's a couple of guards. There's one guard over near the door who's watching people's cloaks and whatever weapons have been checked. There's another city guard who's drinking, but he's got his sword. He's near the wall over there. He's got his sword sheathed, and he looks like he could do some damage, maybe. That's about it. The prostitutes look really feisty, and one of them is having an argument, still, with this man, about payment. "I made it a double." Sure! Whatever you want to do. All right, roll for an attack. Great. Clothesline attack. Roll a d20, add, what is it, five? Okay, what's your armor class there, Kingston? That's a hit, right, Liam? 13 and 13, that's a hit? All right, roll for damage. 1d4 plus something. Wow! Did you roll a four? Okay, so you don't have to roll for anything. So Clothesline has a special clothesline attack. If she rolls a four, it's eight points of damage to you, sir, and you are knocked prone. That's a big fucking hit. So Kingston slams down onto the floor, taking a couple of drinks with him. He's dazed. He's woozy. He looks around. He didn't even see it coming. Sure, yeah. Greep all over the floor. All over you. You now have a flammable alcohol all over you. It's probably stinging your eyes. You hardly know who hit you or why. Xavier, the manager, comes over. "All right, enough of that! No fights tonight, all right?" "Nothing like that tonight, please." Some magical energy comes out of her and magically cleans up the stains off of his shirt. Everyone in the bar turns to see and goes like this to you when you do it. You are no longer flammable. "Sure." As the tabaxi glides across the room, finding another table, let's move you over here. I just knocked over a stool. So you're alone by the bar now? Yes. And just then, the wind whips into the bar again as the door opens. Valerie, the bartender, gasps, scared it might be the dead old lady. But instead, it is not. Two stout male dwarves walk in. Behind them, a young girl with fire-red hair and elven ears. They walk in, and let's put them here for now. One dwarf is sullen, with thick muttonchops and a stumpy axe. He says, "I tire of the road. We eat here and rest. Frankfurt, this is your job. You pay. Obby "the Rat is done for the day." ASHLY and The other dwarf is a younger, stronger man with a braided beard, piercing eyes, and a heavy maul in his hand. He scans the room and picks a table. Unlike some of the patrons, these two do not check their weapons. Instead, they park them under the table. This is Frankfurt and his friend, Obby the Rat. They pull up a chair for the young, fair-skinned ginger girl, who joins them. Her eyes sparkle with innocence and a touch of fear. Her name, we will learn, is Holly. "You have been to "this place before?" "What is that?" "Obby the Rat drinks ale." "Yes, right away, Frankfurt! That's him." "Certainly. Tips would be appreciated." "Oh, wow. Thank you very much." "All of your clothes?" "It is very hot. Are you sure you want to strip down? There are unsavory types in here." "Yes." "What cargo? We are not transporting any cargo tonight." "I do not know this Garello. You have spoken of him, but I don't know that I would recognize him." "Perhaps ask someone else." "Right away. Whole or skim this time?" "Okay." Sure, yeah. Why don't you make an intelligence check? So you don't personally know Garello, but you are a woman about town who hears things, hears whispers, talks with unsavory sorts. You have heard there is a man in town, not from here, named Garello, who has been poking his nose around The Ass Sailor, waiting for something. But you haven't met him yet. No, just that he's been asking around. He's been here before. "What is wrong with you?" "What?" "Which dude?" "Do you have a beef with this gentleman?" "Do you want me to go kill him?" Okay, sure. Yes, Message will make a whisper appear in her ear. Once. So Gryffin, you're sitting at the bar looking around. You don't know who just talked to you. All of a sudden, you hear this voice in your ear that says, "That dwarf fucked my wife." You vaguely have heard the voice before, but it's loud in here. You have no idea what the fuck just happened. Sure. And the spell fades. (laughter) Okay, as you travel across the room, Liam opens a book of some sort. As you are walking across the room, Jayne, our young girl played by Liam O'Brien, starts eyeing Clothesline and trying to get her eye contact. She raises an index finger to her eyebrow and winks. I think? Oh. Yes. There is some sort of a wink or a nod exchanged. Yes? Okay. At which point Clothesline looks around her, having received some sort of a signal. To her left is one human guard. Where the fuck did you go? No, where's the tabaxi? Where is the cat lady? (laughing) Where is she? There's too many people in here. Oh, there she is. Okay, so to her left is one human guard ordering a drink. To her right, one half-orc merchant. Behind her has wandered Zarvah the whore. And she turns. Who? Zarvah the whore is a tiefling. I don't know how tiefling ageing works, so I'm going to say 30. (laughter) The other whore? Is older, much older. Yeah. Her name is Kay, I think. Yes. Clothesline looks around. Human guard, half-orc, Zarvah the whore. Would you like to do anything, Clothesline? Yes. Gryffin has arrived over at the table, yes. All right. You're fast, 30, I think? Yeah, sure. Let's see here. Five, ten. Yes, sure. You're going to have to dodge around some dudes, but yeah, you can reach Gryffin. Sure. Would you like to move there? All right. With cat-like grace, she leaps up onto the table, back to there, back up on the bar, back down, back on the table, all the way over to Gryffin right there. And no one even hears you move, you're so dexterous and awesome. What did you roll? Okay. What are you attacking with? Your claws, or-- Claws. So plus, what is it? Five? So it's a 19, right? Okay. That hits. Okay. This is it. So the words "bar fight" ring out, everyone turns, looks to the source of the action over there at the table, and with razor-like claws-- right? You did a claw attack? Digging into the back of your head, Gryffin, you feel intense pain, and roll for damage. Five. Take five hit points off there, Gryff. You feel these claws dig into the back of your head, you feel blood trickling down your neck. It sucks. What would you like to do, Gryffin? Reduce? Not familiar with that one. Oh, Reduce Size! Yes! I am familiar with that one. Okay, as you do that, I need everyone to roll initiative. It is a bar fight. Oh god! Okay. Everyone get your numbers in your head. I'm going to roll for about seven other people. Okay. Sure. Uh-huh. Oh yeah. Yep. Uh-huh. Oh, not good. Not good. Uh-huh. All right. Give me your numbers. Anyone from 20 to 25? Ooh, okay. Where are you? You're down here. Great. Who's next? Anyone from 20 to 25, anyone from 15 to 20? 16. Okay. Good. Yes. Anyone else 15 to 20? No? Ten to 15? 13. Frankfurt, what do you got? Gnarly! Let me do the order here. (singing) There are so many people in this bar! Why would I do this to myself? (speaking) Yep. This was a bad idea. Okay. Nine. Yep! Okay, good. We got 13 people to keep track of. Great. All right, here we go! Wait, I got some battle music playing. Is it playing? Sure. I don't know. I don't know what any of this shit is. (giggles) Okay. You cast Reduce. Your spell DC is what? Okay. Oh, you have to save. Is it a constitution save? Do you know? I can look. Concentration? So roll 20, add your constitution save modifier. A blast of sorcerous energy comes out of Gryffin's hands? What do you use to cast things? Your hands. And the magical energy passes right through you, it's a burst of strange tingling sensation that bursts right past your face, but you shake off the effects and nothing happens. That's a spell, yes? So you don't roll on spells, I don't believe. Unless I'm wrong about these things? It's not a ranged attack, Reduce, right? It's just a spell. Does it say ranged attack or anything? I don't know how to play, and I don't know how to DM. I would appreciate that we hold all questions to the end of the session. Not tonight, Mary. No, that's your spell save DC, right? You have a spell save DC, it's on page two of your thing. For spells like Chromatic Orb or other things, those are ranged attacks that you roll for your attack. Reduce is just a thing that happens. You don't have to target anyone. Okay. So nothing happened. But it is your round, Gryffin. That was a surprise attack. No, it wasn't a surprise attack, you fucking attacked first. So you still get a bonus action and a move if you would like. If you have a spell that you can cast as a bonus action. You do have one bonus action spell. Misty Step. No. But if you really want to, I'll let you, because I don't care. (laughter) Firebolt. At whom? All right. This is a ranged spell. You roll for your attack. I am doing. Tides of Chaos? Yeah, I hear you. Tides of Chaos is a sorcerer feature. Yeah, plus six. That's your spell attack bonus. 18. This is versus an armor class, I believe. You did. Which gives you advantage. Fuck! This tabaxi is tough. So you take a deep breath, Mary, Gryffin, and you say, "Oh, I'm "going to get you this time!" And you cast another spell, which, again-- a tingling sensation passes over your face, as the tabaxi shakes it off. Nothing happened. You still have movement, if you'd like to make it. Okay. You're going to move over here? Oh! Sure. Oh, let's see, what's your movement? Okay, yeah. Then you can make it right there. And as you go, Clothesline gets an attack of opportunity. Not a clothesline attack, because that takes movement, but other things you can do. You can claw her again. Roll for an attack. No, you have to do that before. Inspire, you can't use a reaction. What did you say? Yes, no, absolutely not. Clothesline takes a swipe and only just gets a little shock of blonde hair in her claws. Ooh. They're already so feisty against each other! I love it! And you get away safely. Next up, everyone in the bar turns to see that there is some fighting going on. Many patrons of the bar who are regulars just sort of say "Shit!" and don't really react very much. There're some newbies in the bar who are on edge, they start moving around; there's a hustle and bustle, they start going across the bar to get their weapons. Let's say that this fine young cannibal over here starts moving to get her weapons. The weapons are over here near the front door. And let's say that this gentleman moves over to the front door to grab his weapon. Let's see here, that takes care of... so she's done. Who's three? No one goes third. What the fuck? There's no three. All right, so we go straight to four. She doesn't do anything, she's just moving. Okay. Jayne-- No, that's not true. Yes, it is! Jayne, you are up. It is your turn to act and strike. Oh snap! On the little girl? On Holly, the little girl? Who hasn't said a thing or done a thing to you yet? Yes, the two dwarves. Let me find her. On a what save? What did you say she has to beat? She does not beat 14. So what are the effects of this spell? On her next move? All right. How fast can you move? Yeah, you had to get up, you had to walk over there. Let's say you get about this far, near the dog. And the little girl is right here. She hasn't moved yet, but on her turn she will. To defend themselves if needed. Absolutely. The guard right here has drawn his sword. By the door? This guy has been guarding the weapons, and he holds a longsword, and he had it already readied before the fighting even started. He's a paid hired hand to guard the door. Does that do something? Oh snap! Okay, that ends your turn, Jayne. Okay, who is next? Okay. Valerie, the bartender, does not like this, and she does not like someone coming behind her bar. So she is going to move over and attack Gryffin. Let's see what she's got. She's not armed, currently, so she is going to roll a punch attack. That's an 18. Does that hit? Okay. She's not a martial weapon person; I think that's one point of damage. She smacks you in the face and says "Don't come back here! This is the bar!" Oh boy. It's not going great for you. Let's see here, who is next? Five, that's six, seven. Seven, who is seven? Why did I write two sixes? Clothesline! It is your turn. You're right over here. You just made a swipe attack on Gryffin as she left. You're near Kingston, and you saw Jayne get up and walk away after she gave you the signal. Frankfurt is pretty close to you, yeah. He's instinctively put his hand on his weapon, and his other hand is starting to clutch the girl's arm, the girl Holly. What is your weapon? Okay. So you're going to move over here, yeah? 15 feet of movement or something. And you attack with what? Sure. Yeah. So you've used ten feet of movement. That is a definite hit. So the tabaxi runs, full sprint, ten feet across, holding her arm out in a clothesline motion and makes a huge impact with the guy's neck. Roll for damage. Five damage, okay. So the guard is a regular, and he looks up at you and says, "What the hell, Clothesline?" Would you like to do anything on your bonus action? Is there anything? Which guy? This orc guy? Yeah, this half-orc guy, let's say he's got something. What does he have? Nope, nope, he doesn't have any weapons. I wrote it down that way, so that's how it is. Okay. So you do a catlike roar on the table. (hisses) The four or five people near you look up at you, totally baffled at what the fuck is going on right now. One guy, who is a regular, grabs his drink and sips it; he doesn't give a shit. Okay. Next up. That was Clothesline. Next is Kingston's turn! Kingston. What would you like to do. Oh, Kingston! Kingston is over here, sorry. Oh, I wrote down 13 for Kingston and three for Frankfurt, but it's the opposite? So 13 for Frankfurt, three for Kingston. Sorry about that. All of them. Okay, sorry. Sorry. I get you guys confused because of your stupid names. So Frankfurt, it is your turn. There is chaos all around you, the girl is sitting there harmlessly. She's a little frightened, but there's a lot of action; lot of movement. On his wife. Okay. So seeing his opportunity, Frankfurt leaves the side of the little girl and runs across the room, using your awesome dwarf speed. How fast can you move? 25. This is you, the gold guy, by the way, Eric. Obby is still protecting her. I will say she was sitting in between you two. Obby is calm. So you go over, and you attack. Are you doing a weapon attack? So roll a d20 and add your plus something to it. 18? I'm sure that hits you, right, dude? Wait, you rolled an 18? Yeah, he hits you. Yeah. So roll for damage. What does it say? Hold on. Your maul is 2d6 plus six! This is a big, fat weapon. Two-handed strike comes down right on the top of your head. Full force. This guy is a bruiser. So roll 2d6. Or 1d6 twice. Oh my god! You're fucking dead, dude. 14 points of damage. Kingston, still reeling from getting dissed by several ladies tonight, didn't really even look, and all of a sudden a maul cracks down on his skull, sending him to his knees. Are you okay? Kingston is not doing great. Because I don't know what the fuck I'm doing on your knees, Kingston-- by the way, sorry. Would you like to use any bonus actions, Mr. Frankfurt? You don't have to. You could have used before, or you could put it on somebody else. Also, forgive me. Hunter's Mark, he has something similar that is a paladin feature, I think, that doesn't use a spell slot. Vow of Enmity, is that a thing? I don't know. You're satisfied? Oh shit! You can move a little bit. I think you have five or ten more feet of movement. So keep that in your back pocket. Frankfurt goes back towards the girl, keeping her protected from badness. That was Frankfurt. At this point, the old bald man who was arguing with the whore uses this as an opportunity to flee, and starts running for the door. He's moving this way. Zarvah the whore sees this happening and starts bolting to catch him. This guy over here, who was eating mutton before. He's got his weapon now and he turns to anyone who's available to him, which is the easiest target in the area, which is Jayne, a small girl. Mutton Man has-- He sees you running for the door; he thinks this is fun. This is his favorite thing, is bar room brawls. He is going to roll a 14 plus five, 19 versus strength. No, he's trying to grapple you. You are grappled by the Mutton Man. He grabs you and says, "Not so fast, dear, we're going to have "some fun tonight." You are restrained for right now. You cannot move. So you are grappled. Ooh! I have a thing! You are grappled! (cheering) That's the Mutton Man. Now we go to Kingston. Kingston, before your roll, you have dropped to your knees. You are feeling like shit. You open your eyes; roll a perception check. 12, okay. You see the table in front of you; you've fallen facing the table. Under the table in front of you is a small vial of something underneath it. That is going to take some of your movement. You could grab it; that's fine. You grab it. I got stuff. I got presents. Let's do this, because I'm a kind god. (laughing) You recognize one of these; you've seen them before it's a potion of healing. Someone must have dropped it in the scrum, so it's there for you if you need it. What would you like to do on your action? Frankfurt is pretty close to you. Blindness? Okay, what is your spell save DC? 14. Is Blindness a constitution or wisdom save? So Eric, you need to roll a d20 and add your constitution save modifier, which Liam will point out to you right now. Constitution save. So roll something. 20. A prickling in your neck, Frankfurt, as you feel some sort of magical effect starting to take hold but you burp and shake it off like nothing happened. Kingston, you still have a bonus action. Okay. It's a 2d4 plus what? Yeah. Well, I don't want him to die already. All right. Lucky. All right, so that takes care of all you guys, I think. The half-orc who you did not attack sees you on the bar, sees that it's going to be fun, and is going to try to pull you down off the bar. He will roll a 14 plus something. I don't know what. Just a 14. I'm going to say straight 14. No, this would be a strength check. He's pretty strong so I'm going to add four to that? 18 versus strength. Strength save. 20 plus your strength. Holy shit! So the half-orc grabs for your catlike ankles and you see the grab coming, and you kick your half-drunk saucer of milk right in his face. He's distracted and gets a whiff of air; doesn't grab any fur or anything. That ends his turn. Anybody else? Okay. There's one other person who moves, and she's picking up a weapon. That is the top of the round-- Oh no! Obby the dwarf. Obby the Rat. Okay, Obby is going to go across to the girl, take a couple steps closer to the girl because that's what he's being paid here for. Grab her by the arm and hold his action until someone tries to attack the girl. Holly can move. Shit, I never rolled for initiative for Holly! Okay, so she should have gone a while ago. Fuck! Let's just say she was so confused she's only going now. Holly is wearing a simple gray raw silk tunic with a belt around it. She is-- let me see, where's her fucking stats? She is not holding anything at all except for, let's say for dramatic effect, she has a tiny something in her hand that looks like a charm bracelet or something that a young girl might have, like a hair tie with some charms dangling from it or something. That's it. And she starts to move, right? That's what happens with this thing, right? She comes towards you and her movement is fast. So she comes right over and stops at your feet, looks up at you with puppy dog eyes as if to say who are you and where are we going? And that concludes her turn. That's the top of the round. Holy shit, I'm running a game of Dungeons and Dragons! (cheering) As the fight continues, time freezes. Our vision dims. Flashes to another time, another place. It's blurry at first. Then, coming slowly into focus is a dimly lit room, a simple table and chair in the center. From this perspective, only the person in the chair can be seen. There is an off-stage voice that of a gruff man, asking questions, but we never see him. It is, by all appearances, an interrogation. In the chair sits Gryffin. The gruff voice says "Uh-huh. And why "were you there? At the bar?" "This girl that you keep talking about, right?" "Why? What could a little fucking girl have that you needed?" "Well, you're not going anywhere, honey." "Are you some sort of royalty or something? You talk real funny." "Are you shitting me?" "Don't even think about it, honey." Time shifts again. Same room, different time. Now in the hot seat is Kingston, looking very confused. Eyes red, hungover, woozy, dazey. "So this guy, he slept with your wife?" "And that's all the beef there was between you two?" "What were you even doing in this bar?" "But they let you live there?" "What does that mean? You sweep up after the night is over?" "So you, freaky-looking guy, are a male prostitute?" "I don't need the details, buddy." "Please, spare me." Time shifts again. Now Clothesline, looking surly and pissy, is in the hot seat. "What's with your face?" "Fair enough. The white-haired girl what's her deal? Did you know her?" "Maybe what?" "Put you in jail." "How?" "You would do anything for her?" "Were you helping her this night?" "I just want to get this down you are admitting that you started the fight in the tavern?" "All right. Thank you for your honesty." "Hey, where did you get that name, anyway? Clothesline? Do you have another alias, anything else?" "A lot of 'Porns?'" "Yeah, no. That tracks. That definitely tracks." I don't know how to change music, people. I don't know. Sorry about this. Time shifts again. Now in the hot seat we see Frankfurt, the dwarf. "All right, this girl that you claim you were "there to deliver. Who gave her to you? Where did you find her? Where did she come from?" "You'll get your courier pigeon." "Listen." "We're trying to round up Obby right now. We're aware of where he lives in town." "What do you mean, where's the girl?" "I will be asking the questions here, thank you very much." "Fine. If you had your courier pigeon, who would you send it to?" "While that is extremely impressive, it leaves way more questions than answers." "I don't feel like you're taking this interrogation seriously." "And what would you get in exchange?" "100 gold?!" "For just taking a girl from point A to point B?" "Go ahead." "I know absolutely nothing about this Chained Oblivion. It's some sort of fucking religious thing." "Oh." "I don't see anyone from them. I've heard rumors that they exist. Wait, why am I answering "any questions?" Time shifts again. Now, we have a white-haired girl child in the hot seat. "All "right, tell me your story. Why were you there? What's a sweet, innocent little sweetheart like "you doing in a place like The Ass Sailor?" "Go on. I'm listening." "Excuse me?" Yeah, your hands are tied behind your back. They're movable. I don't know what that is. Do you roll something? What was the number? Okay. So as we see a burst of flame, right, you said flames? We see from your eyes, they start to glow and burn with a holy light and fire starts to emanate from your eyes straight towards our point of view. We hear a gruff man say "Ugh. Hey! What the fuck are you--" and time shifts again. (laughter) "There's a keg right there." It's right here. It's full of Greep. It's heavy, but you can pick it up. It's a pony keg. There are a bunch of cups over here. Greep is a pour thing. So you either have a big bottle of it or you can use your turn to start filling up cups of it. (laughter) There are whiskey bottles all over the place in the back of the bar. They're not filled with Greep, though; they've got different other spirits whiskey-- Empty bottles? Sure, yeah. They've taken the used bottles and put them sort of behind the bar. Bottles with Greep? You're going to use your action to do this? All right. So Valerie, who still doesn't really love you behind the bar is watching you fill up bottles, but she's okay because she got a bunch of gold out of it. So she's allowing it with a sneer. The man right behind you, Xavier, really doesn't like this, but he is a ninny, so he's just like (grumbling). Oh, wow! Bonus action gold toss. That's nice. While you're down there getting these bottles, why don't you roll a perception check? (whispering) I made these and I'm going to use them, fuckers! 13. Yeah, sure. So you see a small box that has intricate gold leafing around it. Looks out of place behind there. It's small, the size of a deck of cards or something. Oh god! You'll never see it. Okay. That's a thing that exists. Okay, next up. One, two, okay. This whore-- She wants to help out her hooker friend and catch the old guy who's leaving, so she runs over and attacks him. Yep, that hits. I'll roll for damage. Great, where's he? Okay, so she lunges at him and hits him in the back of the head and grabs onto his pants, which pull them down. He's now naked from the waist down. And slightly injured and he says "I'm being attacked! I'm being "attacked!" Next. Remember, there is no three, because I never assigned that number. Four. Okay. The ranger has found her shit. This is the ranger right here. She has found her bow and arrow, nocked an arrow and she's going to shoot, she needs some range, so she's going to shoot at the most prominent target in the room the cat thing on the bar, and she rolled a one. The arrow whizzes by your head (arrow impact) right into the thing behind you. No damage, no nothing. That's four, five, next. Jayne, your turn. You are currently restrained. I think you can do a strength check to try to get out of it. An 18? On whom? Oh yes, for sure. He was the Mutton Man, right? His AC is 12. You hit. Oh my god. I don't know what that is but it sounds horrifying. "Now, we're going to have some fun-- what the fuck are you doing?" Okay, so with his snarling, disgusting yellow teeth, he's smiling at you as his whole head from top to bottom disintegrates into ash and falls to the floor in a pile of disgustingness. He's dead and gone. You are no longer restrained and can move at will. Okay. No longer restrained. You're calmly walking out like you own the place. No one takes a strike against you because you're not involved in combat with them. Oh, this guy is gone! Splash one. Okay, that ends your turn. Let's see. (counting) So after Frankfurt, Holly goes. Okay, that's you, Jayne. Next is the guard who failed on his attack against you, tabaxi, the last time. So instead, he's frustrated by that, so he will attack again. Why not? He rolls a natural 20 with his longsword. d8. This is not going to be good for you. Eight. So 16 points of damage as you take a sword right in your left shin. Your leg buckles. You fall to one knee and blood starts pouring out of your furry knee. And he says, "I've got you that time!" That's his turn. We go to Clothesline, it's your turn. Sure, go for it. Ooh. Because your knee is buckled, you're wobbly. Your sword strike goes errant and strikes the side of the bar, digging into it. He looks up at you and laughs again. This is an epic battle between a very lowly guard and you. Oh, yeah, you do have a bonus action! You have, I believe, an action surge if you wanted to attack again. You can just attack again. I gave her two because I like her. That hits. He has AC 13. Okay. Yeah, he's dead. Your sword digs into his neck, getting about halfway in. He looks surprised and he falls over, limp on the ground. He's gone and dead. End of him. Jesus. Frankfurt, you are up. In contact with her? Yeah, she's behind the bar. You can yell at her. You're flirting during this fight? People are running around half-naked. Somehow all the sound dims. They make eye contact. It's beautiful. As you talk, Holly is walking towards the door. You can move. You can attack. You can grab. You can do all sorts of things. You don't know. All you saw was she stood up, walked away from the table, and started walking towards the door. She paused briefly to look up at Jayne, this white-haired person. Jayne kept walking to the door, and Holly's eyes followed followed Jayne. It looks like she's watching Jayne's every move with rapt attention. You're right here, and I forget your movement, but you can at least move to Holly. 25. You can get to Holly if you'd like to. Okay, you jump over this dog, you get to Holly. A courier pigeon flies by. You can grab her. You can attack someone. You can do whatever you would like to do. Okay, so roll a strength check. Okay. What's your strength modifier? It's four, for you, so 14. So she's going to roll. She rolls an eight plus zero. She is grappled! Still, her eyes seem distant, and pupils dilated, but she is unable to move any further. I got multiple rings! Holly's not moving. You have a bonus action if you want to use it. You have bonus actions if you'd like. I don't know what spells you've chosen, but you do have a few spells that you can use as a bonus action. Or you can do nothing, yell to Obby. Well, it hasn't come back to Holly yet. That's good to know. It was your "and I walk away" that did it. It took most of his movement to get over there. It's a cramped bar; he's dodging dogs and stuff. Smite, I don't know how it works. Liam, how does Smite work? Oh, but this is Divine Smite you're talking about. That is after a melee hit. We're looking at a bonus action. He's used his action to grapple Holly. He can't attack. If you have a bonus action spell? Or you don't have to do anything. You can hold your spells for later, whatever you want to do. Okay, good. I love your voice. The old man who was trying to flee, he's going to attack one of the whores. He does not hit. It is Holly's turn. She is restrained. She doesn't know what the fuck's going on. She's still under her spell. I guess the spell is fading off now. So she shakes it off, doesn't know how she got over here. Now she's being held by a strong dwarf man. She doesn't do anything to fight that. Kingston? It's your turn. You are still over by the table. Frankfurt's closer to the door. He's this guy in gold right here. Oh, shit. Wait, you're going to hold a guy who's holding a girl. This is amazing. Okay, Kingston, your spell DC is 14. Hold Person, I believe, is wisdom? So roll a d20 and add your wisdom save modifier. It's in a little box that Liam will point to you right now. Spells are not working tonight. Kingston has been drinking a lot tonight, so all of his spells when uttered come out a little bit slurry. And they don't seem to have as much power. Again, there's a little prickling in the back of your neck but nothing happens. Kingston's very frustrated. You have a bonus action and movement if you'd like it, Kingston. I think you can move, what, 30 feet? No one's engaging you, so you walk over and you get all the way there. You don't have to do anything. You can inspire. You can heal. I let Mary do it. Yeah, go for it, because your spells have been sucking tonight. Okay, before you move, while you're still in range of him, because I think it's 30 feet-- 60? Then by the bar, you got to yell loud because you're across this loud bar. The sung words from Kingston's somewhat-drunk voice enter your ear and affect you in a way that you've never felt before. You feel bad about yourself. You feel demeaned, and you feel unsure of yourself as a dwarf in general. You take actual physical damage. So roll a d4 and add something. No, just a d4. This is a damage roll we're doing. Four plus what does it say on the spell? 1d4 plus something? So you take four points of damage, so you are less powerful than you were before, and you can't get the song out of your head, and it will affect your next turn. You will have to do your next turn at disadvantage, which means you will be thrown off. So take your little number there and reduce it by some points. Yep, sure. Okay, that is Kingston. The half-orc is going to run over to Kingston and hit him. He heard your dulcet tones. He doesn't like them. It is an unarmed strike. He does not hit you. He whiffs. The sound confuses him, and he's too tall for you, anyway. Just goes right over your head clean. That's the top of the round. What do I do next? The heat of the room and the movement of everyone around is really making the place fucking hot. So hot, in fact, that you all get the sense that if you don't remove an article of clothing soon, you may become exhausted. So there's a brief pause in the action where everyone says, "Oh my "god. It's fucking hot in here!" I would need you all to either remove an article of clothing or suffer one point of exhaustion. Everything? Well, you're a furry. You've got nothing on. So you're ripping your fur off? Where's your picture? Okay, you have armor. You want to take off your armor? You're going to lose AC. Sure. I'm going to give you a negative one to AC. So you're down to 18. And we can see your cat lady bits. Yeah, they're nice. Kingston, anything? Oh shit! So you have disadvantage-- No, I think exhaustion is disadvantage on all ability checks. You're going to take off your shirt, so you are now shirtless. He rips open his shirt. The buttons fly everywhere exposing a really out of shape guy. Little man boobies, love handles. Yeah, really lopsided, too. It's not good. A writer's body. Gryffin, anything you'd like to remove? All right, so you're sleeveless now. This is strange for you, because it's an elegant gown. You rip off the sleeves and it's frayed and tattered there. You feel a little uncomfortable. Jayne? Anything else we should know about that we see? You look so good. Frankfurt, what you got? You're going to take it off? You cannot shave. Some sort of a tunic thing. Your options are pants or armor, we'll say. ASHLY and Seeing Frankfurt's exposed wang drives Kingston into a fit of rage. He knows that was the wang that was in his wife. And he wants to hit that wang so hard. I don't know what's going on. Obby the Rat, who has been saving his turn for a while now and forgotten about, does not like where this is going. And so he strikes out at the first person he can get to. What's his movement? Not very much. Shoot, he can't get to anybody. Sure, he's going to kick the dog. No, why would he kick a dog? He's going to attack someone who's in a fight. Yeah, he's got to get there, though. He's going to push past the prostitute and defend Holly and hit the first person he can, which is this woman right here, this fighter. 15. Oh yeah, he takes her. The old man has tried, but I think he failed. Okay, she's gone, he knocks her out. She's dead. All right, top of the round? Oh my god, this is so hard. Okay. Gryffin, what would you like to do? There are candles lit near you. There are torches on the wall and a couple candles on the bar for light. She's right next to you. You wouldn't have to throw it far, you would just smash it on the bar. I would say that you would want to move back a little bit so you don't get splashed or hit. It's an area of effect, so I'm going to treat this as like a very modified Fireball. What's your spell attack bonus? It's plus six. So roll a d20, add six. Oh, you have advantage! No, you used that the last time. Let's see here, this would be a dex save. Do a dex save, catty. So you still get burned, but you take half damage. Let's see, it's a modified thing, so I'm going to roll. That's cocked. So take five points of fire damage as the fire spreads across the bar. Let's say that it's green fire, because I have a rubber band. That guy gets hit, too. He takes one point of damage. Kingston, you take-- I thought you were here? I don't know what the fuck I was thinking. Okay, good. The bar's on fire. People are running away from it, "I don't know who I am! I don't have a fully fleshed-out character!" This cat is on fire, makes your heart weep. And your fur is on fire, as well. This is bad. That was great. Anything bonus, anything other? You have to cast a spell for that, right? No, I mean you have to cast something to roll on the table. Spells don't just come out of you, you have to try to cast a spell, right? I don't know how your fucking wild sorcery works. Yes, but if you have a bonus action or something you can use? Oh my god, fire is the thing today. So you automatically roll on the table. So get out your 100-sided die. This young lady is a wild sorcerer, she-- She starts acting very strangely, talking in a different accent. Her whole personality shifts and magic seems to overtake her body. The Diceman over there feels a sudden pain inside her belly as part of her magic has disappeared. She tried to cast a Firebolt spell on you, but instead of any fire coming out of her, nothing happens. Instead she feels slightly less magical than she was a moment ago. She has lost her highest spell slot. The guy the no pants, the old man is dead. One of the whores just killed him with a crossbow. That was Kay. We go to four. This other ranger now sees that the dwarves are on the move. She shoots a shot at you, Frankfurt. What's your AC? She does not hit you. A crossbow bolt whizzes by your body and hits this person behind you. "Hey, I wasn't even doing anything!" Let's see here. Jayne, you're up. The dwarf? No, Frankfurt is still holding her. She is grappled. Yeah, Obby is standing in front of her in a defensive position. The whip crack knocks a bowl of Greep off the table. It explodes! There is fire on the floor over there. Right there. She's on fire. "I literally haven't done anything!" Okay. An invisible shield comes up around Jayne, who is still right next to the door, unless you want to move. Okay. Val, the human bartender, will pick up her greataxe from behind the bar, and she wants you off the bar. She's going to swing. She's trying to protect her bar. Ten. What's your AC? You're fine. The fire confuses her. She swings wide. Clothesline, you're up. On the bartender? Oh, you can climb very well and fast. That's all. You can also slash with them. You mean to get two strikes out of it? I would say that upon reaching her, you could make a slash attack, but you'd have to get to her and then past her to even touch her. Okay. So you jump off the bar. You're no longer on fire or in the fire. You get right next to her. Sure. That's what you do. Oh, that'll hit. Oh wait, if you rolled a four, she is knocked prone. Sure. Do you have a reaction? Is that a thing that you have? No, unless by your class, can cast a reaction spell, but I don't think you can, so you're okay. Oh, nice. Roll that d10. After she clotheslines you, we see the tabaxi take a deep breath of air and now, out of the fire, suddenly she feels better than ever before. How fast is your movement total? So it took you 20 feet to get there. You have another ten feet if you'd like to go somewhere else. Okay, go this way. Excuse me, pardon me, excuse me. No, because I think it was a part of her-- I think that's how it works. She does not get an attack of opportunity, right? Yeah, but this is during the move, right? You ran by, clotheslined her, and keep running. So I don't think you get an attack of opportunity. I'm going to say no. Because I got to keep it moving; there's more shit to do! Who's next? That was Jayne, Clothesline. Frankfurt, you're up. What would you like to do, Frankie? Yeah, you're holding her. You can do whatever you want. Okay. Gryffin's way across the room. Sure. What's your movement? She is not resisting. I'll say that you get full halfway there, right around where kitty-cat is. That's your movement. You can still act. Can still do something, or you could have attacked before you moved. Up to you. Just talking! Sure, yeah! Do you have a healing spell of some sort or a potion of some sort? Lay on Hands. You can use Lay on Hands. You have a healing pool of 20 hit points you can give in any denomination to anyone. So you can give her 20, you can give her one, you can give her four. You can do whatever you want. So from your 20, you now have ten left in your reserve. Gryffin heals ten. If you want to do a bonus action, or anything else? Good. That's Frankfurt. Who's left? Holly's not going to do anything. That guy is dead. We're going to go to Kingston. Yes. Shit. You guys are turning really mean. Go for it. Sleep is not a ranged attack; it's a spell save DC of 14 against what save? Learn your spells! I can look it up. Roll 5d8 first. Oh, there's no save on Sleep. It just happens. 25. Okay. I don't how this works because you've got more than 25 hit points. The lowest hit points? He picked Frankfurt. More than that, and so does Frankfurt. Yeah, so the dog's asleep. Tabaxi, how many hit points do you have? She's okay. Yeah, so she's down. She's asleep on fire. Barmaid's asleep, for sure. And then there's not enough hit points left for him. You make all these randoms fall asleep. This guy, too. Four people pass out around Frankfurt. They are peacefully asleep. Of course you can. That's an inspiration to you. Hearing his words of compliment inspires you. What is your inspiration die? We'll look it up. I don't remember. It's your charisma modifier. It's probably a d8. I'm going to say a d8, because I don't know, man. You get one extra d8 on your next roll. Okay! Suddenly, without warning, without making a sound, a new mysterious figure emerges from the back room. Pushing Xavier away, he moves quickly and silently across the Ass Sailor with a speed none of you have ever witnessed. It's like the figure runs without moving his body. He floats in a beautiful sprint. As he passes by you, Gryffin, you suddenly feel even hotter than before. For an instant, he strikes fear into your heart. Roll a perception check. Oh fuck. Okay. I could whisper, but that takes too much time. You see first, as he glides past you, he is wearing pants. He looks like a normal human man except his eyes are different. They seem to glow red. It's disconcerting. Also, as you watch him run, his gait is weird. There's no this movement of his shoulder, it's just straight like he's floating, like he has no legs. And as he whizzes by you, past these sleeping people, you see the faintest flick of a tail. He runs across. Does not say a word. Does not make an attack towards you, Frankfurt. Does not even regard you. But simply removes Holly from your grasp. Roll a strength save. d20 plus your strength. Ability check. 23? Let me look. Oh, wait. Didn't you have some sort of disadvantage? We're going to put it on this. Roll again. It was a while ago; we never did it. We're doing it here. No, I know, but we haven't incorporated it. Did he roll with disadvantage on his last turn? 17. Where's the Guide? Shit. 17. Nope, that's not it. Shit, too many pages! All right, I'm going to just make something up. I'm going to say that there's a brief tug-of-war. He does wrest Holly from your grasp, but you slow him down considerably and he only gets five more feet away from you. He's going this way. He's taking Holly with him, and he's making a beeline this way. I don't know. You don't know. Gryffin, you saw this weird thing just happen. What are you going to do? Why not? Sure. You rush over to Frankfurt? Sure. What are you doing? I love how they are having conversations through this whole fight. I love it! No, he's fine. Nothing happened. He is naked from the waist down. Did you move over to Frankfurt? You see this dude carrying a girl running across the room. Roll a d20 and add six. That hits. Go ahead. That's very useful. The cold blast hits him in the back squarely, and even though it's a minor spell, you see him react way worse than you thought it would be. He cries out with an inhuman shriek (shrieks) and seems to take even more damage than that. But he continues on, slowly now. Because his non-feet feel slower. All right, go on. He is where he is. That is Gryffin's turn. Next is-- I don't care about them. Jayne. Oh, sorry. There is a ranger who's going to shoot somebody. I don't care. I'm rolling to see who she fires at, and I rolled Jayne. Sorry, I rolled randomly. It's a plus-five, so that's eight plus five, 13. Okay, versus 14. She fails that. She goes to draw her bow on you. She chooses a new target. She chooses Clothesline. She fires, and it's a one. She's so discombobulated that she hasn't hit anything today. She sucks. Okay, now it's Jayne. The whip makes a wonderful crack, and nothing else happens. You did it on the bad guy? 17. Yeah, you see a blue spectral hand reach out towards your face. It's super freaky. There's fingernails on it, and then it suddenly (gasp) faces away. It's super weird, and it emerges from Jayne. While she cast the spell, it seems that her lips go to the back a little bit, then become thinner. Her eyes narrow, and she has this skeleton look for half a second as she casts the spell and then goes back to normal. Okay, that's Jayne. Next is-- oh, you've got more? Clothesline, what you got? Clothesline, what you got? Okay, go. Just do your attack first. Okay, first make a wisdom saving throw, yeah. So roll your d20. Add wisdom save. That's not great. So you feel the urge to maybe hit somebody else. Okay, go for it. Roll again for your attack. Again, you are so distracted by what just happened that your sword knocks over a bottle of Greep, which explodes, and this dude's now on fire. "I don't have a name!" Okay, that's Clothesline. Frankfurt, you're next. So you're going to move towards him? All right. With the speed of a Frankfurt, you move towards him, and you do something. Go for it. Yes, please. That hits. Go ahead and roll for damage. Your maul does 2d6 plus six. 18 points of damage. Oh shit. Whoa. My god. The man with the girl is super surprised. Oh wait. Even though you hit him with this insanely hard hit-- you connected real hard-- somehow, he shrugs it off and turns to you and sneers at you. He does take some damage, but it doesn't seem like it's as much as you thought it would be. Okay. That was Frankfurt. Kingston, you're up. While this is all happening, Obby says, "Obby "the Rat does not like this." And he leaves. He has not even looked at anyone else. Singularly focused on Holly, has not uttered a word, except he did turn around to look at Frankfurt when he hit him, just because he was pissed. Glad you've got your priorities right. Go for it. Go ahead. So your spell DC is 14, I think. Eric, roll a d20. What's Blindness? Constitution? Or is it wisdom? Constitution. Roll a d20, add your constitution saving modifier. This tickle on the back of your neck again. Nothing happens. You are blue-balling so hard for your spells. I hope you're marking these off. You don't get infinite spells. Any bonus actions? Anything else? Any healing? You good, Brian? You're moving away from the action. Great. Okay. Kidnapper guy with Holly makes his way all the way to this trapdoor-- That's if his movement is 20, which it is not. I thought you said it moves in half. To ten? Shit. Well, then you are correct. So let's say five, ten, uses his action to dash, five, ten. Then he's fine. He makes it there in one clean dash, uses his bonus to flip open the trapdoor. Just for good measure, he touches this guy, who hasn't done anything wrong and he takes-- he's dead. Yeah. He dies. He just touched him. The trapdoor is open, and he is gone, and that's where we'll take our break. Thank you so much for playing so far, guys. We'll have more when we come back. (cheering and applause) Okay. So we're going to (voice breaking) give away-- (laughter) Yes. (sighs) Oh god. (laughter) Are we out? Come on. [break] I'm pretty sure that was on. And we're back! Congratulations to the winner in chat of this fantabulous Critical Role English wych elm burl hero vault from Wyrmwood Gaming. CholieAmenthys is the winner. Danoba will contact you shortly for your shipping information. Congratulations and meow. Yeah, CholieAmenthys. So guys, when last we left, a mysterious figure, who emanated heat, had grabbed Holly, the little girl, who Frankfurt and Obby-- oh, we need music-- were transporting, tore across the bar, and went down into this trapdoor. You are all confused, looking around; there's still fights going on. What would you like to do? Go. Okay, so you're all converging around the trap door. Kingston, are you with them? Oh shit. Okay, you get to the top of the open trapdoor, and look down into darkness. Sure, yeah. Many of you have darkvision. It's okay, guys. Clothesline has no pants. Both of your genitals are exposed. So who's going first? Who's going second? Are you going to talk to each other at all? You're just going to go? Are you going to hit each other? What's happening? Anyone want to go in first? You can cast Light on an ass? All right, so yes. Kingston, you fall in first. Sure. Yep. In fact, roll an athletics check. Or acrobatics, whatever's higher for you. Sorry. Acrobatics is probably higher for you. Whoa, shit. You're familiar with this tavern and all of its layout because you live here, so you land like a cat in a three-point landing at the foot of this darkened ladder/stairs. How long does Light last, by the way? Is it concentration or anything? If you shove your ass close to them, it would probably affect them at some point. So you are a lightning bug, and your ass is illuminating this whole space down here. Where did the figures go, Liam? Oh, there they are. Let's place you guys around somewhere, haphazardly. Oh god, this thing's so far. I can't do it. There's no marching order; it's a room. He fell down, so he's over here, you guys can-- who wants to go next? Okay, is anyone going to follow Clothesline's suggestion? You're at the bottom, and Jayne is coming down the steps right behind you. As you talk, you all make it down there slowly, filling the room. I could pull it towards me. It's going to wreck some microphones over there. Okay. I should tell you, before you start walking, at the foot of the stairs there's a single lantern casting a dim glow, although that doesn't matter because you've got Light coming out of your ass. On the walls are graffiti, seemingly from patrons who've wandered down here. One reads, "For a good time, do not "call Isabelle." Another reads, "Do you know why they call him Obby the Rat? Because his dick is "the size of a rodent." And the other one says, "What do you call a pile of tabaxi? A Meowntain." Straight on at the bottom of the steps, a narrow corridor leading out around a slight bend, obscuring the view. To the other direction, it's a dead wall, however there is a space underneath the back of the stairway. It is dank and cold. Light frost covers the floor, because you are out of that hot bar, now. So you would like to continue down this hall? Okay. This curves this way and leads to a door. The corridor proceeds around to the left. As you proceed through it, Clothesline has to bend a little to make it through. Frankfurt feels roomy. It ends with a simple wooden door and a rusty knob. Are you still in the same marching order? Kingston first or Kingston second? That's you. So nobody is going with you right now, Jayne. You're in front of a door. Gryffin, can you roll an investigation check? 18. Yes. All right. There is a false wall here that opens up into another corridor that leads this way. Let me see how I described it. Yes. Okay. It empties out into a wider room, and I'm going to do this. All right, so what would you like to do? Sure, roll a perception check. Ten? That's what you needed. So there is frost everywhere. It's super cold down here, because we're underground in a cellar area, and it's winter. Yeah, now you're also getting cold. Gryffin, you notice that there's less frost on the floor under the stairs and through this hallway than on the rest of the downstairs area. There are no footprints. If anything it's just a straight line. You also notice something else two things, actually. Would you like the one on the left or the one on the right? Left? Read that out loud. That saves. You're fine. Just one point of damage. It's dead. Would you like the thing on the right? Okay. Do you proceed into this room or do you hang out? Sure. Make an investigation check. The door is not locked and not trapped. You're so freaky. It's a rather long room with boxes everywhere. Seems to be some sort of storage area. In the middle is a table with potions and beakers on it. A closet over here. It is not lit at all. Let's see what I said about it. A single lantern glows near the door, casting dark shadows everywhere. Stacked boxes all around. Weirdly, the smell of cabbage permeates the air. In the center of the room, a wooden table resembling a crude chemistry lab. Beakers and vials are arranged. A whiff of something strange hits you. It stings your nose like gasoline. Would you like to look around? That's so cool. So you've got a white whip that's lit up. You can investigate that, yeah. To grapple Jayne? If you want to walk down the hall, you can try. Okay, roll an investigation check. Sure. Okay, ten is what you needed. Upon further inspection, you use your light to reveal the labels on the jugs. Someone has been mixing liquor down here. After a minute of study, you figure out that the house alcohol, Greep, is made right here, and the formula is remarkably basic. It is four parts standard rice wine, one part balsamic vinegar, one part simple syrup, and one part pure kerosene. Everyone who has drank it has been drinking kerosene the whole night. That's it. That's all you find, currently. Okay. Catwoman, what would you like to do? How's Sanctuary going? Still on? It has not been ten minutes. So you'll have to make a wisdom saving throw against 14. So sadly, that does not mean that you grapple. That means that you have the fortitude to attempt to grapple. Yeah, strength, and you're pretty strong. Wait, three? Your strength is three? No, it's not. Really? I thought you were stronger than that. No, you're right. 12. Okay, so you are grappled and restrained. You both can't move or anything, unless you want to try to drag her somewhere. Sure, yeah. What does this spell do? That was beautiful. And sad. All right, so you are released, Jayne, from her grapple. You are feeling really shitty right now. I mean, you can certainly make an attempt. So many times. Go ahead and make a constitution saving throw to see if you can make yourself throw up. You stick your fingers down your throat to throw up, but it doesn't work. You gag and dry heave for a while, and nothing comes up, unfortunately. Who's going down there? You three? As you walk in, you see that the walls of this part of the tunnel are rough as if they had been clawed out of the rocks. It's very cold; you can see your breath as you enter. It's also pitch black because light is gone. Those of you with darkvision can faintly see that this tunnel-- I'm going to skip that part, in the interest of time. That this tunnel continues into darkness for a wide oval anteroom. It's a bit oddly shaped to be a storage room; it's about 20 feet wide with a 15 foot coved ceiling. When he cast Light, it went out. Sure, if you would like to? Okay. Things look nice and bright in here. Four evenly spaced pillars are holding up the ceiling, each with intricate, beautiful carvings. At the other side of the room is a single large door. The door seems to be made of heavy forged iron, with carefully inlaid bronze details images of fire and lizard tongues. Who would like to do anything or walk around or enter? What do you want to do? Sure, go ahead. So you join the others? All right. So who is looking around the room, doing something? Sure. Make an investigation check. What are you checking for traps? MARY and Sure. What languages do you speak? What was your check, Mary? Abyssal. You're looking at the floor specifically? Okay. Brian, can you roll an investigation check? Okay, so Mary, looking on the floor you do not see any tiles or anything. It is smooth, like poured cement. Seemingly no traps on the floor. Glancing about the room, though, as you step in and sort of use your light to look around-- you rolled an 18, you said? You see cobwebs and grime and dust all over the place. It's not a very used room. But on the ceiling you do notice faint symbols covered in years of cobwebs and grime. Brian, what did you roll? Okay. So you cannot read any writing on these-- you're investigating the pillars? You can't read any writing on them, but it's okay because there's not really any. There are symbols of serpents carved up and down on these pillars, way nicer than they need to be, and you can see from your excellent investigation skill that the eyes of the serpents have a faint glow of magic in them. They are definitely trapped. Not yet, not until you roll. You definitely see the symbols on the ceiling. They're all over the place, many of them. They appear to be writing in Common. They appear to be numbers. Lots and lots of numbers. Also, glancing about the room you've entered now, behind this pillar back here you find something. Heads or tails? Here you go. All right, so that is something you find. The ceiling is whatever I said before 25 foot coved ceiling. 25 feet high. And it's covered with numbers. They're all hard to make out because it's dusty. Okay. From the other side of the door you hear a girl scream. Yes. Sure, he can do whatever he wants. You can also hit him over the head if you want. The caverns do carry audio. Why don't you roll a perception check? A retroactive perception check to see if you could hear that? You heard him say, "Jayne's a mailman." But something about Jayne has been bugging you a lot. Me too, really. If we're going to be honest. So is this where you guys are standing? Where are you? That's a door. Oh, so she's back here? But she found an object over there. So she's definitely there? You can tell her to go back or you can tell her to wait there, but she's already there. Come where? Okay, got it. So you're calling her back? Great. And Frankie? Great. So you take four points of poison damage as this pillar shoots out a bit of poison. You're standing near it, unfortunately. Cool. You guys kind of get the sense that the longer you stay in here the more shit's going to start happening. Anyone want to look at the door? Okay, make an investigation check. Great. The door is not trapped. However, it has a lock on it. A padlock. A curiously made padlock. Where is it? There are numbers on the padlock, and you can definitely sense that the padlock is magically enchanted. And here it is! Who wants to look where? Okay, you're looking at the ceiling. Tons of numbers. 29, seven, 65, 44, ten, nine, four-- Yes there are. They are all in different colors. Some are red, some are green, some are yellow, some are gold, some are orange. The lock is a basic gray. However, the slot where you line up the correct numbers has a faint color on it. The first two are orange. The second two are green. Can you make a perception check? It's really grimy up there. You definitely get a bead on the orange numbers. Grab your pencil. There's many orange numbers. They're all across the top of the ceiling. They are six, one, eight, seven, two, one, eight, two, four, nine, two, seven, one, zero. What is this item? Is it the earring? It can tell you something about a person or a creature, but not about a room. Those were the orange numbers. Make another perception check. You can make out many of them. You get the sense that if you got closer, somehow, you could see more. The bard? I don't know how he's doing. Okay, so fine. While Kingston is fiddling with his wingle-- 20?! You both see the green numbers very clearly through the grime, dust, and cobwebs are one, five, four, nine, eight, one, four, one, three, two, zero. Now, I wait. (laughter) Sorry, guys. On the other side of the door, you hear a low (snarling). Sure. Make an investigation check. 18. That's great, yeah. It is specifically designed in a way that-- it's a fragile thing. I wouldn't try to hit it, because it has a trigger mechanism that could fire something if struck. It's got a pressure pad on it. No numbers on the walls. Let me do the math. On one pillar, there's one snake. On the next, there's three. On the next, there's two. On the next, there's six. One, three, two, six. This one has one, this one has three, this one has two, this one has six. Four numbers. Two orange, two green. No. Sorry. Top to bottom. She gets to know one fact about you. What she has just used is a magical-- what is it called? You have to pierce your ear with it. Little trickle of blood comes down, and now she knows one fact about you, and she's chosen to know your weaknesses. Well, how about your-- let's see here. Make a perception check. Or investigation check, whatever's higher. Upon looking at the numbers up top, especially the orange ones, you start to realize there's spaces between them. It's six, 18, seven, 21, eight, 24, nine, 27, ten. There are spaces in between. Come on, guys, it's basic arithmetic. 24. Oh, they are absolutely. As you say that, one of the pillars explodes. These guys, Mary and Brian, you each take five points of poison damage. Say that all again, Liam? Those numbers that you're looking at are orange. The first two slots on the lock are orange. Make a perception check. There are also spaces between these numbers. One. Yeah, I know, right? Four. I can't really write upside down. Nine. Eight. Correct. 14. MARY and So what's next? MARY and Let's hear it, Eric. What you got, Mary? Look at the slot. Look at the slot on the side. That's where the numbers go. (laughter) The lock is broken. The door is open; you are in. This doesn't work! I love it. I'll do it over here; it's fine. Okay. Who's going in? Who's going in? You're going in. Where'd you go? Oh, over here. Okay. Just you, right? Mary, this is what you see. The room is similar in size and shape to the anteroom with a coved ceiling held up by four spectacular carved pillars. Two side pathways go to the right and left of the room. I didn't remember that part, but whatever. On the far side of the room is a circular portal glowing gold and emanating a low hum and even though you are far from the warmth of the tavern this room throbs with heat, as if you were walking through a recently used oven. At the foot of the portal, you see that man. Jesus, I lost him. I lost him. There he is. Boom. Holding a struggling child. She screams in pain. There are scratch marks above her eye and a steady trickle of blood is pouring down half her face. The man sees you enter and says, "It seems we all want this youngling. I'm sorry, surface creatures, I "saw her first. She's needed below." And you notice that behind him a large, glowing portal opens up, iris is open ever so slightly. It's pulsing, it's not open enough for a person to walk in, but it's getting close. What would you like to do? The man dashes to you. He gets right there and he attacks. He rolled a one. He misses, but he gets another attack. That's a 20. That hits. Let me roll. Ooh. It's going to be bad. Roll a dexterity saving throw. Great. As he attacks, his human form drops away and you see a salamander standing before you. He's a large, ferocious lizard creature with a body of red and orange scales, hard to see clearly because the intense heat they throw off blurs the air around them. His head and neck are more humanoid, with smoke seeping out of his eyes and ears. He has a streak of black that runs from one eye all the way up and over his scalp. He's so hot, it's as if he's made of fire. He holds a long black iron spear in one claw and a ten-foot-long tail snaps behind him. His slimy black tongue darts out, testing the air, smelling you. You have just been dealt 15 points of fire damage. I don't know, man. You know you. Are you resistant to fire? Then you only take seven points of fire damage. You are not grappled. It is your turn, Mary. You're not in the fucking room. You guys are letting Mary take it. Go to that table. Nine. Oh shit. Yeah. He is poisoned now. I really don't know how poison works, but I assume he takes poison damage. He does not like that very much. He also doesn't like the accent. He thinks it's uncouth. I'm looking for poison. Bear with me. Okay, poisoned creature has disadvantages on attack rolls and ability checks. Holy shit! That's amazing! Well, it'll be more than an hour, so it's fine. That's great. Well, he's about to attack you again-- Great. Anyone else doing anything? All right, I'll say they flank them. You're behind the sorcerer. Well, roll for initiative. Let's get an initiative order. Okay, 20 to 25? Yes, it'll say on your character sheet. You're plus three to initiative. Okay. Gryf. 17 Jayne, who else, 15 to 20? Anyone 15 to 20? Ten to 15? Who else? Frank is eight? No-- Clothesline's eight. Frank's seven. Okay. Salamander gets to go first. I don't know how to do this for him. All right, he's going to use his spear to attack the bard to his right. That is a big old 22. Yeah, sorry, friend. 15 damage. You get pierced by this super sharp spear, and it hurts real bad. And also, when he withdraws it from your body, you suffer another two points of fire damage, because it's super-heated; it's almost molten iron, it's so fucking hot. 15 plus two, and he gets to attack again. He's going to go to the cat. Ooh, that's a 19 plus a lot. With his tail, he whips it around-- That is a ten. You are unconscious. I don't know how all that works, but you're unconscious. And on its movement, it will leave. You get an attack of opportunity on it, both of you. Yes, it's going (hisses). All right, so make three attacks against this thing. Kingston, you go first. Are you a lore bard? I think you are. I think you get to cast a spell on retreat. If you want. Or you can use a fucking sword or whatever. Okay, go ahead. That is just a spell, right? It's not ranged. Sure, what is the save? 14. Oh, he makes the save, but he takes half damage, so instead of 2d8 it's 1d8? Oh shit! I didn't roll disadvantage on those attacks! Great. Actually, roll 2d8, and then take half of that. Great, so it's eight. Did he make his save? He made his save, so he's not knocked prone, but he does take eight points of damage. Good job, guys! That's thunder damage, yeah? Okay. Great. No. You get that on retreat. Mary, it's your turn. You don't get to cast spells, I believe. You can only do a melee hit if someone is running away from you. All right, roll an attack, plus whatever. Nope, it's d20 plus-- what is it? Is this a finesse weapon? I don't know how bows work. Here, it says plus three. Plus three. That goes wide, and it almost hits the girl. Whip master? What've you got? Can you cast a spell on retreat? He's moving away from you; it's not your turn. No, this is your attack of opportunity. Less than three? Ooh, nice. He does not like that. It is now Gryffin's turn; that was just his turn in retreat. Okay, he's hiding behind a pillar; he has half cover. You can move to see him. All right, spell DC? Right? Or is it a ranged? Ranged attack. Okay, so roll a d20 add six? Yep, that hits, for sure. So now roll 3d8. 16 points of damage, doubled to 32, is a big hit. Great. Just then-- I don't have her. Fuck it. Just then, an old lady runs in the room. She has a hoof print on her face. She's bloody, she is pissed off, her arm is broken, she runs in and says, "Where's the bitch "that ran me over with a horse?" Great. Jayne, it's your turn. (laughter) Oh, he's looking rough. Oh yeah, salamander is looking rough. Yeah, it hits the pillar in front of him. Absolutely. Ricochets off. Now you have to solve another lock riddle. You can move; you can do a bonus action. Okay, Kingston, you're up. Do something. On yourself. There's a dead person next to you, it's all good, but sure. Yeah, go ahead. Here. Yeah, you can retroactively bonus action, sure. In an instant, you feel the life drain out of you. Even though you are unconscious, you still feel shitty. Sure, but now it's Brian's turn, and he gets to decide what to do. You're using this as a bonus action? It is a bonus action. You can also use a real spell. What are you talking about? You said if you could use a cantrip. That's a level one spell. Okay, go ahead. Sure, I've got to make a save. Wisdom save? Okay. I do not make it. 2d8. Go ahead. Wait, what is this? This is Vicious Mockery. Okay. Of psychic damage? And he has disadvantage on his next attack, which he already had. So great. Okay, you also get your bonus action, which you can use to heal-- How would you like to talk to her to cure her? It's Healing Word, you have to say a word of healing. Cure Wounds? Okay, that is a real spell; that takes an action. It's okay, just do Healing Word, bud. 1d4 plus something, four, maybe? Great, you've got two hit points; you're alive. Kingston just saved you. Clothesline, you are alive. It is your turn. She's prone. Great. Roll an attack? That certainly hits. Roll 1d4 plus four? Double it. 14. It's ten. It's ten. And you're not knocked prone. No. Do it. So Clothesline turns around, delivers a right-armed clothesline to you. It hurts. She kisses her bicep, uses the other arm. Left-arm clothesline on you. A four! That's 22 total points of damage, and you are prone. The double clothesline. No, that's total. 22 total. Oh, that wouldn't be useful here, anyway. Do that on a save. Eric, it is your turn. What do you want to do? Sure. When Jayne falls, you see very clearly the symbol of the Chained Oblivion, and the tattoos under her skin, clearly exposed now that she's lying on the floor, white skin revealed. She's definitely a servant of the Chained Oblivion, whom you are sworn to kill. Yes, please. Two-handed strike, go for it. Roll for an attack. Hold on, let me just look at you, see if you have any extra things-- Okay, you know what? If you wanted to-- I'm just going to suggest to you that we're late in the night; you might have used Vow of Enmity as a bonus action to give you an advantage on this attack, so you could roll again. You've shat on the floor. It's an angry poop. Blinded by your hatred of the Chained Oblivion, you can't seem to make contact with your maul, and instead you swipe to the left, hitting the old lady in the face. Killing her. Again. That's Frank's turn. We're onto the salamander, who is going to use half his movement to attack Gryffin. Rolls an eight plus seven. 15? Okay. Second attack. That hits, that's a 20-something. Okay. Eight plus four. 12. Oh boy. Plus seven. Okay, so it's 12 bludgeoning damage and seven fire damage. Okay, so 12 plus two then, right? 14? Roll a dexterity saving throw to see if you're grappled. You know what, it doesn't matter; he's not going to grapple you. He's moving. The portal is fully open. He grabs Holly, he puts one leg in. That's as far as he can get. I'm sorry. It's one penis in. He walks on 100 penises. He's like a centipede-- he's like a centipene. It is Gryffin's turn. I don't know what that is. What does he do? Automatically? It's the Entangle spell. I might have written this on your card. Hold on, let me look. Here it is. 20 foot square versus strength. 14 save. He makes his save. You still get a bonus action. Sure, man. Go for it. Yep, do it. He looks back at you and says, "Fuck you, you can't catch me," and you hit him square in the face. Roll for damage. 1d8 cold. Five. He has ten hit points left, but cold damage is doubled. How do you want to-- (cheering) "Fuck you. You can't fucking catch me!" Yeah, not only does it bisect his tongue, it splits his head open all the way back to the back of his neck, protruding out the back. When it goes behind him, your cold spear-- it's a cold spear? Enters the portal and instantly melts, because it's so fucking hot in there. His head splits in half, and he falls to the side, next to a frazzled and crazed Holly, who is looking at this with open eyes; she hasn't said a word. Okay, good. As the defeated salamander lies motionless on the floor, there's a brief moment of calm. You look around the room. Just moments ago, you were strangers, but at the Ass Sailor, anything is possible. The girl, Holly, finally speaks. She steps forward and says, "Thank you, "kind souls. I know not why you have rescued me, but my people will be grateful, and you will be "rewarded handsomely for your goodness. I can sense that many of you do not trust each other." "Please, don't leave, Clothesline. I'm not done with my speech." She casts Hold Person on you. On Clothesline. "I ask you, as one caring creature to another, to put aside your differences "and marvel in what you have accomplished here together, as more than strangers, as friends. I "must leave now, but you will see me again. And as I leave you, I suggest you remember these words of "advice snitches get stitches. If you talk to the police, try not to tell them too much, for all our sakes." And with that, she poof, disappears. And suddenly, in the back of the room, holding Jayne in his arms, a gruff man constable and ten armed guards beside him enter the room and say, "Freeze! All of "you, hold it right there, you fuckwads. We caught your little albino freak trying to run away. You "five made quite the fucking mess upstairs, you know that? Dead hookers, burned up old ladies, "some guy talking about a fucking rat. It's going to take days to mop this shit up, and you're going "to help me figure out what the shit happened. That's right you're all under arrest. Boys, bring "them down to the station; I'm going to interrogate every single one of them until they talk, and talk "they will." As the police take you into custody, marching you back up through the ruined bar, you notice Valerie, the bartender, frazzled, removing her apron, letting out a big sigh, mounting her horse for the long, cold ride home. The end. (cheering) Oh my god. That's hard, dudes. What items did you find and not use? The Snuff Box of Jump? Yeah, you snort coke and get Jump. You also didn't find the super weird porno book or the jug of nasty grease. Oh, that was something that you guys didn't go to. Yeah, he has this special whip that if people get weak enough, you die. Sort of. Oh, it was fingery all right. Oh, Garello was a.k.a. Sal the Salamander. You were being paid to transport this girl here to them, you don't know who was paying him. Yes, it would've been bad if you'd found him. He would've taken the girl, and taken her back to his land to do some untold badness to her. Guys, this was so much fun. I hope it was fun for you. A big silent hand for Brian Foster, Mary Elizabeth McGlynn, Ashly Burch, Liam O'Brien, and Eric Bauza. Thanks, guys. I'm going to go home and sleep, and then I'll see you in the morning. No, thank you for getting dressed up for the occasion. Have a good night, everyone. Check us out on Tuesday for Talks Machina; we'll be talking about the game and stuff. Congrats again to CholieAmenthys for winning the thing, and-- what do I say now?