D&D Beyond! Is this me? Okay. Guys-- I'm actually nervous. Guys, the number nine has been very important to us, and tonight, it's important for another reason. D&D Beyond wants you to know that at 9pm tonight, the Waterdeep Dragon Heist adventure releases on D&D Beyond. That's 900pm Pacific. That's in two hours, so it'll officially be available for purchase through D&D Beyond Marketplace. Don't forget to pick it up in a couple of hours, set your alarms. We'll probably remind you when 900 comes around. But that's not all. The number nine is special for other weird reasons. This Sunday, September 9th, or 9/9, is the first game of the regular season for Travis' favorite team, the Dallas Cowboys. They're already ranked top of their conference, as much as it pains me to say. Travis, two years ago, they won nine straight games. Last year, they won how many regular season games? Nine, yes! And this year, in training camp, the standout defensive player was none other than Antwaun Woods, number 99. To honor this amazing concurrence of the number nine, I have done the unthinkable. I am wearing a Dallas Cowboys t-shirt. And guys, I have to say, it feels pretty good. It feels pretty outstanding. Actually, it feels a little odd. Oh god, it feels really weird! Oh god, guys! I think my heart exploded! Oh god, guys, I think I-- (gasping) (gasping) Oh, guys! Guys, it was the shirt! And now I feel better! I'm covered in blood! It did! (laughter) No. MATT and The point is, 900 tonight, guys. D&D Beyond. Blood. I love you, Travis. Go Dallas. Mmm! That's not good! Special effects, guys! She texted me saying, "Is Travis going to be upset with me?" and I was like, "No, he's just "going to be upset with me." Sorry. More announcements, guys! But there will be links to buy tickets somewhere. You can get them on Ticketmaster. Just go to Ticketmaster, look up Critical Role. There's a quick update to the Pablove Foundation charity push. We hit our first two goals. We hit $20,000, which means I'll be running a one-shot of Crash Pandas. We hit $50,000, which means that the Critters have contributed enough money to finance an actual research grant that will go towards curing childhood cancer, and so we've added a new goal. We're going to try and raise $100,000 for the Pablove Foundation, and if we hit that goal, Sam-- that's me-- will do a special Fireside Chat, complete with robe and fancy wine. That $100,000 will be able to fully fund the Shutterbugs Summer Photography Camp, which is a week-long summer camp for children suffering from cancer, and they can all get to go to this photography camp and they learn how to do art and it's incredible. More details are at critrole.com and donate now at give.classy.org/teamherter. All the links will be before you. More announcements! Classy, yeah. This comes out. This washes out, right? Best. The Lavish Chateau? That's a tourist spot? No. Not interested really, no. She's told us. And he tried to get with you? Oh, that's right, and embarrassed him. In the nude. What is it? Lord Sharp. Well, should we go to some of your favorite places first? Let's go! It's horrifying. It's everywhere. It's coming to get us. It's literally coming to get us. It comes towards us every 15 seconds or so. Will they? Mm-hmm. I'm going to nicely fold his clothes and put it on a nearby log or something. Then I'll pull up my Cloak of Elvenkind and put out a couple of pieces of meat, because Fjord told me that seagulls come for food. I'll hide and have my crossbow loaded and ready to go. Are you trying to prank, Caleb? I will not stand for that. Well, I'll go fetch it. Pick it up. I'm going to try to grab it. Ooh, not good. Dexterity check? 11. It hits! I'm going to go down on it with my knee. Jump up and knee down on it. Ooh, not good! Ten. You fought bravely. Hmm, more bait! I'll break a bunch of the crab and put it out. And go back to my perch. I'll retrieve the crossbow bolts and that's it. No, I'm going to take the bodies, too. On a command? Offer it tenure. Have a whole seagull! That sounds lovely, but I think I'll just watch from the shore. It's so big. Give me a minute. I just ate some seagull I need to wait a half hour. I think it's true, I'm cramping. I'm cramping already. It could be the crab that bit me. (buzzer) Oh, then we should leave the beach and go to where she is singing. Is this a headlining, prime time night? Or does she get the off nights and matinées? Oh, really? We're very fortunate, then. Which, we have more than one sun, though, right? There's multiple suns in the sky? Oh, good, we can come back then later. That's great. Because I didn't make it in today! Maybe we can buy some new swimwear while we're in town. Or any swimwear. They will help me? I know, but I don't know how that works on moving water. If we want to get a good seat, though, I feel like we should leave now. I need to be up front because I can't see over people. So we should probably get going. You've been here before? When did you meet each other? You and Jes? You were near each other for a while and didn't know each other? Opal Archway? One of the Opal Archways? Wow. Townsguard? Oh, but we're not in the Empire? So there's a lot of people with jewelry around. Should I steal some for you? All right. I won't steal or murder, then. Arson? That's the worst. That's the worst crime there is. When Caleb and I were in the clink, there was a guy in there who had committed mail fraud. He was fucked up by every other prisoner in there. Marked for death. No! That's sacred. Marquis Demesne. I hear music; is that the warm-up act? Well, you lived there. Is this a hotel? You grew up in a hotel? As Jester. Do they know you? But you don't want them to see you, so how will we get in? I know, but how will we get in? Sure. Well, then, how are we going to get in? I'm going to Disguise Self, too. I will also cast Disguise Self and turn into a female dwarf with a simple muumuu. A muumuu. A blue muumuu. Seagull. Other pets? What about the other animals? You're walking in with a dog and a weasel? Okay, all right. Sure. Okay! Have you named the weasel yet? Sprinkle? Sprinkle the weasel. It's beautiful. Can you remind me, so I don't call her Mrs. Ruby-- what's your mom's name? What do we call her? Miss Lavorre? Mrs. Lavorre? Marion? Okay. Her mother is a lady of the night. She's the best lay ever. Well, maybe it wasn't publicized. Maybe it's a surprise drop-in show. We stay downstairs, right? Is she going to give us a place to stay tonight? Good one. No, but we got you two milks because there's a two drink minimum. Wow, so generous, Caleb. Thank you. Do you tip in the Menagerie Coast? Is there tipping? In the Menagerie Coast tipping, five percent? Ten percent? This is exciting. I should've peed before the show started. This is exciting. (sings Get Ready 4 This) You always want a little fore-pony before the pony. Click on the site, cover your body in blood, download it right away. Brava. We'll put it in post. She was so good. So much poise. She was amazing. I mean, how much does she make for a performance like that? Oh! She's a striking woman. Yeah. Hey look, we've made it through a whole show with no frog people attacking us or anything. So that's good. That happened at the last show we went to. Show, first show. How does she figure out who's going to be the customer? Is it a lottery, or a wait list system? Aw. Well, should we leave her in peace? If she has work to do, we should leave. Sounds fine. Sounds normal. I don't think that's what she means. I wouldn't steal from your mother, and if I did, we would solve the crime. Oh. Am I still in my-- I will drop my form. I'm sorry. This is seagull blood, this is not human blood. If you need an extra seagull or two, I have seven to spare and I would happily leave you one or two of those. They sure are. Well, she's very nice. It's lovely to meet you. I'll curtsy. She can heal people. She is able to. What do you prefer to drink? Oh, what's that? Hypothetically, if he were to pass away, would the trial charges disappear with him? No, no. That's murder. That's on scale. All right. Oh, yes! We're solving a mystery. We're also here for some other Fjord things, but-- He has the letter. We're trying to figure out the provenance of this-- that's a detective word-- of this letter, and who wrote it, and who is it for and stuff. What's that? Does that letter say Evantica on it, also? Does that name mean anything to you? How about The Captain? That's right. Another dead end. The Concord? MARISHA, TRAVIS, and If you're trying to break up with him, you could tell him that you have the creepies, the crawlies down there, and that might scare him away? Oh, that would ruin you for the other clients, too. Smart. Someone lives up there? Us. You haven't seen us solve a crime yet, but-- He's wet. He's a wet walker. You know of The Gentleman? Is that a good thing or a bad thing, because we're not cool with him so much. It goes a little deeper than that, Deucy. Is that--? That's why you always have a little sweat right there. The Evening Nip. That's the Gentleman. The Evening Nip! He has a barkeep man named Clive Binz. He knows a guy around here, too, named Father Pierce. I have a vial of his spit. Can you analyze it? I don't know! How many years ago, by the way? Your dad's name is Bob?! (laughter) I have no idea what his name is. Bob Babylon? Why don't you draw The Gentleman? You've probably got drawings of him in your book! Yeah, you draw one and she draws one! Daria with a beard. Are you drawing, Matt, right now? That's so much better! Maybe you should say, "This is Jester." Oh gosh. Just like a man. Do you not know how old you are? Decades could be 20 years. We've gone through a lot tonight, so maybe we'll leave you to your peace. You need to process some things, and then in the morning we'll go not-murder this guy. Yes, I see what you did there. It's a freebie. You can have sex with someone. He didn't ask you. Or a swim. I don't know, because you're half water person? If she wanted me to, I could. I would do that for you. Yeah, that's what I thought. Can I see if your fingers are webbed or anything? Well, then you've had nothing but positive interactions with him, right? What did we do with him? Did we do anything weird? I don't know if that's a good idea. All right. Algar Dyomin. Let's go find him. I have an idea. If you go on a date with him, fall in love with him, get pregnant, then he'll want to settle down and make you an honest woman and he'll never go back to your mom again. We're trying to find him? Where he lives? Who he works for? Midday at the Quay? What do you say? The Wharfmaster is going to tell us what now? Oh, you want to go talk to the Wharfmaster. Great. What is a quay? Okay. People who can talk. They said that she's ornery. I'll go to the lighthouse. What about you, Jessie? We're going to go inside and talk to Gladys, yeah? It's a robot. All of us? Noisy out here. We know! Not just the ships at sea, but farmers as well, right? Sure. As we walk I know this was our way in or whatever, but we've got to cut to the chase at some point, right? There's been a lot of fore-pony, but we need to get to the actual-- (laughter) About the guy, about Al Gore Dyomin. Al Gore! He invented the Internet! But we need to ask about the guy that we came to ask about. So wrap up the god stuff. He's a good one. Al Gore Dyomin. Algar Dyomin. You've just seen him from above? Have you ever talked to him or any of his-- Wait, tell us where-- It's shiny. (pigeon cooing) Sluice Weave. I killed like seven of them already. Two submerged gates under the harbor? At the Sluice. So we go there and we can go down-- do we have to swim to get in there? Do I look like a goblin? I, um-- people have told me that. That I do look like a goblin. Um. I'm a goblin. (laughter) They looked past my hideous features to-- I may be ugly on the outside, but inside I am-- What do you mean? Well, I mean-- you seem like a relatively normal-looking person. Oh boy. How did it go? Come on, Jessie! All right, let's go. Its midday; we got to go to the Open Quay. It's been rhyming a lot. Are you keeping your-- just spelling and spelling and spelling? Damn. We should get you a disguise. Yussa Errenis? Are there flying carpet ports? Oh, dang. Broad daylight, scaling a building. Oh, that's all of it. Yep, there's our friends. What's going on? Why are you jumping up and down? Thank you for keeping us on task, Caleb. No, but we do know about the Sluice. We heard about a place called the Sluice. That's where this fellow, Algar, might be. No, it was just called the Sluice. Did you find it? Let's go find it! It's a gate that protects the city from bad underwater creatures or something? Beau? He gets a little picky when he hasn't had a book in a while. So we just need to find him a book and he'll be okay for a bit. What did you find? Okay, well we're in a shady area, right? So we're close to Marius LePual. We're also close to the Sluice, maybe? Is that close to here? Goddamn it! It's a low-life area. Let's go find a bar. We've been told about that place! Yeah, that's where they said Marius LePual might hang out. That's why! TRAVIS and Let's go there! But we're not looking for Marius LePual, we're looking for Al Gore! Algar. But we should still go there because we can maybe kill two birds. I've got seven dead birds. But we're in the Quay, how far away in The Wayfarer's Cove? 30 fucking minutes. We'll come back to the tower. We'll go to the Wayfarer's Cove. Guys! Look at this cute puppy. Look at this adorable puppy. It's such a cutie pie! Make it blink. We have to go save our puppy, come on! Aww, it's so cute. Right, guys? He's cute though, right? I'm just saying he's cute, so let's be friends again and let's just keep going. Your home city is cool. Did you invent it? Salt and pepper, Steven Seagal! What a wild ride, tonight was. Dads and blood and-- Don't forget to get tickets for our live show in New York City on the Ticketmaster or on critrole.com. We want to see you there on October 4th. Yes.