Hi everyone! This time next week, we'll be doing this show in New York City! Get a rope. So I thought I would write Backblaze a New York-style Broadway advertisement to celebrate! Hit it, boys! (vaudeville music) Dateline, the Big Apple. 42nd Street is buzzing with the latest smash Broadway sensation Backblaze! The dazzling new musical the Times calls "Aces! Keen! The best cloud-based backup storage musical since Cats!" Theater critic Yav Brantley raves "All my data, movies, music, and character sheets were copied to a secure location. "And that was just act one!" Dames and fellas alike are shaking a leg to Backblaze on Broadway! With music by Andrew Lloyd Website and Cameron Mac-or-PC, the spectacle features glitzy stars like Data Rivera, Computer Streisand, and the young starlet Angela Lansbury. Backblaze will get your toes tapping with songs like "Some Enchanted Upload," "I Could Have Backed Up All Night," and "I've Grown Accustomed to Her Encryption." Plus, Blaza Minnelli and her tap dancing hard drives! Punky Winkerbean of the New York Daily News hails, "I've never seen a closing number where the lead "character re-installs an operating system from a backup disc he received via the mail! I smell "Tony!" The best part? Tickets are just $5 a month! That's a five-spot with no gimmicks, add-ons, or gotchas. Go to backblaze.com/criticalrole to start a free trial, and let them know Crit Role sent you! Curtain up! Light the lights! Run, don't walk to Backblaze on Broadway! (applause) I like that one of your own shitty puns made you drop the voice entirely. Thank you, Taliesin, for this stunning Broadway style. Or listen to it. That's tomorrow night. We're going to jump in the shat? It's out? Where is it? I still haven't seen it! Oh, wow. Oh, that's so cool! Yeah, and killing all of his friends. We could sleep on it. I'll come with. (whispering) Oh no. Heal him! Take the axe out of him. I'll ask him. Would you like us to leave the axe in or take it out? Can't you do healing or anything? Spared? Do you want me to go get Deuce? All right, I'll run up there and get him. If you press on it, can you get his hand to move? Mr. Clay? You look-- are you okay? Yeah. Are you cold? I have this cloak that would maybe fit one of your shoulders? Well, if you can muster the strength, it would be great if you could come downstairs and maybe help save an individual's life? Look, you just saved a life! That's good news, right? Yes, we are a tight crew that follows orders as well. Caleb is our leader, and we-- We are enforcers of justice and saw that justice needed to be done. A whole boat just for a message? Are you pirates? Freedom fighters. You said that you're sister ship to Captain Avantika? Ah yes, we did know that. Where is Avantika? Is it a secret island? So it's an island. Tell us about-- oh, sorry. Oh, all right. Tell us about Avantika. Wait, we already know what the islands are. Swavain Islands. I can't even read my writing. That's where we were told Avantika is. I think those could be little pointers. Do you live on the island? Does Avantika live on the island? The island is cursed? So she docked there for a while, or--? The next one? It's a dangerous game. Who knows how it will end? Yeah! Can you tell us, because this is a bit shredded, you were here before, right? You were here? Did the wind blow you out, or did you fight against the wind to leave? Was this east, is this west, where is this? You've met Avantika, right? Sorry to interrupt. I don't want to cut off your weird evangelizing, but you've met Avantika? Have you seen her use any magic? You survived this brutal attack. You are extremely strong. Everyone else died. You had an axe in your head! You had an axe in your head! You survived! It's nothing to you. It's nothing! Missed all the major organs. (laughter) What else do we need to know? Anything? How about this ship, you know this ship? Is there anything funky on the ship? How much food stores do we have? How many days of food and water? You know what we should do first? Since we have a carpenter on board? On the side of the ship it says "The Mist." We should get some new letters going. Yes, The Mistress of the Loins. I don't know, what would be a good name? That's not bad. We took The Mist, and now it's The Mistake. Fog? Are there any intact maps, like larger scale maps of the ocean? Caduceus, are you down here? All right. Is he tied up? Are you tied up? Yeah, yeah. You have now officially been conscribed to The Mighty Nein-- --for the purposes of this sea voyage, at the end of which, you will be compensated for your duties. If you kill any of us, you will be thrown overboard. Also, as a result of us not mostly knowing how to sail, you are also the first mate. Congratulations! Welcome to The Mighty Nein. You're the first mate! Why don't you give us an order?! Let's call him-- SAM and We found some crucial information. He's your first mate now. And-- Yeah, don't worry we took the ax out. And we have this map that goes to the Swaven Islands? We heard the name earlier. MATT and That's where we'll find Avantika. Who seems to be some sort of cultist, right? I mean, I assume she's a cultist. Maybe she just is a very nice religious person. Yeah! But he said creepy. He said that they were supposed to collect this sphere, and if it wasn't available, to go look for others. How many have you swallowed? This is where they were going to head after they got the ball, yes. He said that, Darktow Port. But he also said it was far away from the one that Avantika was at. He said it was far away from the one where-- Aren't you just a little bit scared that this person, Avantika, has spent all this time and resources trying to get these things and you've got one in you and we're going right towards her. Isn't that a little scary? But she might just chop you open and take it. Oh yes, yes. Do we have to pick right now or can we-- oh wow, those are two different directions (laughs). It's the Mistake now. We renamed the ship. Or the SS Mistake? M-Y-S-T-A-K-E? We're all about spelling things wrong, so maybe we should do that. You're the captain! Wait, farther? Damage control? We can send a letter. Cruise director, bursar, bartender. I've seen The Love Boat. Fjord, should we have a quick ship's meeting? Okay, crew meeting, everyone! All right. Thank you. To get more hands, we could either go back to the place that we exploded and murdered. And risk being spotted by the coast guard. We can't change the boat's appearance. Or we could go further to-- Port Damali, or some other place on the coast that I don't know. Or this other place, this island that's like 300 miles away. What's the next city up? Do we have a lifeboat or any sort of buoy or anything? Are we hiring a crew? Are we kidnapping a crew? Do we have enough money? Okay. Ooh yes. How so? Oh. Disparage the dead's name so that when people-- And then when anyone finds out that we did it they'll be like, "Good for them for killing those "bastards," right? Seems like it would take days. Well, it's the middle of the night now, so it's not going to spread till morning. Right? Let's take a nap. We'll just coast here. Can we coast? Do we have an anchor? Can we anchor? Can we just do doughnuts? We don't have any light on here. We're fine. The plan is we're going to find a cove and hide the ship, sneak in, get some crew, sneak back. Or, we're just going to sail right into a different port also in Nicodranas? Grab a crew while we start a whisper campaign, and bolt? Are you talking to me or-- What? Yes. (skittering) The stars? No, we're on the planet. It didn't feel very good, did it? What do we do about that? You mean just laugh extra hard and pretend like we're having a great time? Yes. Absolutely. And we want to stay together, and if they're thinking that this is not working out, we have to do something to change that. I don't know about going in and starting to lie to a bunch of people. Is that going to make them-- All right. I'll start thinking about what we can do. Oh, no, you did what you had to do! I needed to be with the group, otherwise I would've been stranded there alone, and that wouldn't have been good. Next time, you can just tell me, though. Yeah, it's all right. I need it. It did, temporarily. I'm still very scared of the water, and I like being on the boat, but getting off is going to be a trick. But it's all right. Yeah. Yeah, we're cool. It's just these other people that're all messed up. I know. We'll keep them together. If all else fails, fake a heart attack. Everyone will go to your aid, and then when they save you, we'll be like, "Yeah, we saved him, yeah!" Okay, good. No, we're on the world. 14. Are there any distinct flags or colors hanging from our rigging? Okay. Can I skitter up there and see what it is if it were to unfurl? Can I pull it down? Is there a thing? We'll ask Fjord about it when he wakes up. On the crossover Does this mean anything to you? Maybe we should change it. On the next crossover, tell Jester to paint it. That's fine. We're going back? Find a cove? It's the same city, right? Do we have one on this ship? If you've seen one before! We've got to chip that off. Carpenter! First Mate! Hold your carpentry duties for now and go change the name of the ship. The Mistake! No one will know. In a different font. Back to your duties, please! Keep doing this motion. Oh, this is the paint can upside-down... And you're dipping? Should we leave anyone on the ship? Do we need to leave someone on the ship? No! You're the charmer! I'll stay on the ship. How am I going to go convince crew to work for us? Then what am I supposed to-- I have no job out there! I can do that! Who's going to hire a crew? We don't even know the parts of the boat that we need to fill! You have to come with us! No, Yasha stays with our First Mate, Gallan-- If Yasha has to move the ship, she might as well abandon it. There's nothing she can do! She's not going to outrun a naval vessel! What are you going to do? You're one man! You're going to sail the ship away?! (sputtering, sighs) I don't like this. What will you be able to do by staying on the ship? If another vessel-- No, if you're on the ship and a Zhelezo boat comes out-- With one person?! You, you're the sailor. Do it in a different language! What other languages do you speak? A hell boat?! Is that really the only other language you speak is Infernal? What are you? Don't forget to spray it with perfume. No, let's take the skiff in. If you want to take the skiff, we can take the skiff. Yasha's staying on the boat with--? Are there any-- yes? I am the whisper campaign. But wait. Before we go, is there anyone walking about the docks? You know, like dockhands? Okay. Should we buy anyone off to be like, "This ship's fine, we checked it." Yeah, or if anyone comes asking they're like, "Oh yeah, these guys just came in from, I don't "know, Marquet or something." The guy we just gave the papers to? Go bribe him! Ten gold. Do it! Yeah, you're the sailor guy! This is your whole episode! Augustus Gloop! I come wandering up. (laughter) I look like Cap'n Crunch, by the way. (laughter) Yeah, short, hat, white moustache. Maybe we should go elsewhere. Let's go elsewhere. I'll do investigation. It's not a roll. Not great. Investigation. 17. Wasn't a good roll, but I have a lot of plus. Let's adjust-- The whisper campaign succeeded! But we should adjust it, right? If they're looking for Jester, why don't we put in a little doubt, right? They're looking for a blue-skinned tiefling. Why don't we just say Oh, I heard it was a green-skinned dwarf, or something like that. Just do a little confusion so maybe they're not sure who it was, who killed herself on the dock. I heard she was already crazy, or something like that. And then maybe the ship that was taken. Didn't it have that distinct three-mast silhouette that you would definitely recognize? Yeah. We could do some of that. Yeah, sure. A little flourish. What? What is it, Mr. Clay? We want your input, as you are definitely part of this team. And you see her every hundred years? The curse. He's in the other port. How long is the walk? An hour. We'd have to re-spellify ourselves. Oh! How do you send a message to him? You mean, like, spell Message? He's not going to respond to that! All right. Think hard about this. Come to Open Quay. Lose all the thes. You still have more words. Why do we know that he likes or hangs out with? Oh, we can say "Marius needs help. Come to Open Quay--" LAURA and No? Shit. Now? Is that 17 that she's-- Come now. Also, The Mistake is a boat. How much do you charge on a weekly rate? We might be gone a month or two. He's literally our only job candidate. Choose your quarters? We're trying to be quiet. Wow. Please sponsor our show. Please sponsor. How big was the full one going to be? (Russian accent) Rose gold is best gold. (regular accent) I'm wearing an Apple watch with a rose gold band on it. (Russian accent) It is the best color. Yeah, we've got to show-- maybe this jogs Orly's memory. Orly-- why am I showing this to you, but here, here's a piece of a map we retrieved! We'd like to go there. But keep it secret from the rest of the crew. Oh, you were right, Fjord! (laughs) As the crow swims? Those could just be vines. Not only will we do it, we will do it in solidarity with you and your quest, because we are a team! A cohesive unit that acts as one! When one member wants something, we all want something, right guys? Put it in! On three, ocean. One, two, three! Now it's a-- LAURA and It's a new thing. Urukayxl? Marisha, you have to give $100 to 826LA. Every time we roll a one, we have to donate $100 from our own wallets. He's dead. I'll take a watch. Six-- nine! Want any booze? Oh, you don't drink. Mind if I drink? All right. Well, you joined us a little late in our adventures, but many of us-- not me, of course-- but many of us were maybe outcasts or whatever before. Over the course of spending some time together and traveling and doing some good things, mostly good things, but a few bad things together, we've come to rely on each other and well, it doesn't feel like we're outcasts as much anymore. Just trying to maintain that sense of a unit. Because even though we've made some mistakes and we'll probably continue to, it feels like we're a little bit better when we're together. This other fellow in the group, Mollymauk, he sort of showed us that... by dying. I'm just trying to keep us together. We all have our own things, right? I'm sure you have your own thing. That's good. Thank you. He will definitely need lots of healing on this island. Between you and me, Jester's a really bad cleric, so-- it'd be good if you could just stick-- if I go right, you go left. You stick with Caleb. Okay. You have sisters and brothers? Oh, that's right, you told us. You had a large family, but they're all scattered about, right? Are they trying to save your town? Is it a town? Is it your home? They're out there trying to find a solution for whatever ails it? You've had no contact with them? Well, I hope no one breaks in. I'm not a religious lady, but I will tell you that, for me, this journey with this group has been a bit of a sign. I know that you're questioning whether it was for you, but-- A sign that there could be, for all of us, another chapter. I'm going to drink now. What is it? What's going on? Like some poop. No, oh no. Laura asks a good question. Oh, do you want someone to roll for Yasha? Whoa, best roll ever. 11. Whoa. No! Not our crew! Ooh. Not my strength. Eight. 15 plus-- Action surge! (like Sesame Street's The Count) A two, a D, a 12. Ah, ah, ah! What? How does this-- Huh? Who? Whoa! That was awesome. Okay. Why not? I will. Nope, that's not a d20. A ten and a one. Great. My rolls were better! Is anyone in melee range with anyone else? I'm going to shoot at that one. Okay. 15. Sneak attack. 18 points of damage! Fire again, bonus action! Oh, not good. 11. Hits! Whoa! No sneak attack. Eight points of damage. I've got you, nameless deckhand! I'll use my movement to run over to the deckhand and be like You're okay now! You're fine! Anything? Oh, okay. There were six-- Punch attack! Yeah, let's talk it out. Oof. Wind physics. Is it carrying our deckhand over open water now? Okay. I will fire at the thing. With my crossbows. Yeah, there's only one left, right? No? Maybe? I only rolled an 11. Oh, that helps. Oh, well that's even better, 17 to hit. Sneak attack, because it's-- no, it's holding the friend. It's an employee. Seven points of damage. I'll shoot again, one more time. 18 to hit. Only eight more points of damage. Oh no! Ooh, percentage dice? Oh, nice. Oh no, it's his condition! It's a heart condition! He always has had one since he was a boy. Yes! He needs mouth to mouth resuscitation. No, no, no. My mouth is too small for a human jaw to make perfect contact. No, I can't get my mouth wide enough, too many teeth are in the way! That would be good, you or Beau really. All right. I think it'll help-- he's still not out of the woods, I think we all need to pray. Yes. Oh, maybe he's okay. Wow! You guys, we saved his life with the power of friendship! Yeah, but we all were there to pitch in. More friendship! Just more friendship. (hisses) It's working! There's a harpy dead on deck, right? I'm going to definitely butcher one of them and try to take some meat for myself, and for the crew. Oh my goodness. Eight. I want some wing. Maybe they can deep fry it. Like a stock? Someone get Travis a subscription to Sailing Monthly or something. The dodecahedron! Minus two? You're our fucking captain! Oh no! Gallan, wake up! Oh, rough. Some barrels. Come on, captain, tell us what to do! You're the fucking captain! No! Oh, Caleb! You're a wizard, freeze the water! Ah! Fjord, go swim down on the outside and plug it from the outside. Go! Bring something! Some pieces of wood! I'm on the top of the-- crow's nest? Is that what it's called? As far away from the water as possible. Yeah. We're taking on water?! Oh god. We have to-- anything non-essential just throw overboard! No, everything overboard. Everything! The sails, everything. Ah! Oh no. How will we get back? You are a terrible captain. What flag do we have? It's a warning shot! Raise the flag! Caleb? I want to talk about mutiny. Boats! Oh boy, does that mean we all need to wear sailing clothing to our show in New York? Yes! Ooh! Could we all get sailor's costumes with the bell bottoms? Fleet week! Call a rental house. Live sex. Live sailor sex! Thank you, Backblaze!