So guys, I know we don't get political on this show a lot. This is a place where we can get lost in the story and the characters and not think about government shutdowns or Dems or Republicans and all that. But tonight, I'm going to change all that. I'm going political. Not just political, I'm going super political, because tonight-- it's a big announcement-- I'm going to announce my candidacy. I'm running a campaign. I'm going to run for the office of president of D&D Beyond. This is not a joke. I am running a year-long campaign that will culminate in a vote, and you will elect, I hope, me to be the president of D&D Beyond. You might have questions. First of all, is there a president of D&D Beyond? I don't know. Is it an elected office? Probably not. But that doesn't matter to me, because I am driven to make this happen. Tonight, I'm going to kick off my campaign as every great campaign does-- play that music-- with a rousing inspirational campaign speech. Ahem. When in the course of tabletop RPGs it becomes necessary to throw off the shackles of paper and pencil and assume the organizational powers of the iPad, we hold these truths to be self-evident, that all player characters are created equal, except bards, who are more awesome. That all monsters shall be organized, not by the color of their skin, but by the challenge rating of their character. That all people enjoy freedom of religion, except in Wildemount because they be assholes. That monks somehow be allowed to attack, like, 14 times a round. And that everyone sign up for D&D Beyond. For too long D&D Beyond has suffered under the terrible leadership of... someone? I didn't look it up, but whoever they are I know they have failed. For example, have you seen the guy they've tapped to do their advertising? Terrible. Friends, if you elect me, I will-- insert campaign promise here. Now, I don't know what my campaign promises are, but I will for the next rally. Ooh, and slogans! I need a slogan, and you guys can help. Something like "Make Exandria Great Again," or "I "Like Pike," or "We are All the Sam We Believe In," or something? If you have a good slogan for me for my campaign, go on Twitter and Tweet it to @DnDBeyond with the hashtag #SamForPresident. In conclusion-- conclusion, conclusion, conclusion-- What do we have to fear but fear itself? Those who refuse to learn from history are doomed to televise the revolution. So ask not what your country can do for you, let them eat cake. And Mr. Gorbachev, tear down this wall! Thank you, and god bless D&D Beyond. (cheering and applause) There'll be more campaign events as the year progresses. I'll need to choose a campaign manager. I'll need some slogans, I'll need some logos. One of you will be running against me. We'll find this out as the year progresses. I won't lose. I'll get Dani Carr to do it. It should be the phrase. You could use that tonight Wow! Are we all at the top of the tower? Are some of us at the bottom of the tower? Next one. Were we all together? We were all together at the base of the tower. Is there a door on the other side? 22! Look at all of us! You eat a hamburger with a fork and knife? Are you a communist? Oh boy. We haven't been attacked yet. We just heard a commotion inside? Okay. What are we doing? Should we go in and investigate through one of these cracks? Sure. Is the damage? What does that mean? Why don't we get close to the door in case something comes out, and we'll ready our attacks? Oh! Then that's works well for our previously aforementioned plan. If we can get that far. I will use action and bonus to get over there-ish. How far can I get? Okay. And I'm somewhat obscured by the aquarium? Okay, and I'll hold action of the Tinkertop Boltblaster in case anything comes out. Healing potion. So you marked that down? But that doesn't apply until my next round. Okay. I rolled a 26 to hit. Okay, do I get sneak attack? Or does she see me? He. It. Okay! That is 18 plus eight. That's 26 points of-- no, plus five, sorry. 25 points of damage. Yes. I turn to the group and go Ah! We do? Six. Oh god, what is that? Is that an auto-crit? We're stunned, right? This is the round. Plus anything to it? Oh, wow! (singing) Lollipop, lollipop, oh lolly-lollipop. TRAVIS and Spell melee. There's another one! Is she still stunned, or is this out of-- I'll go first. I don't know how powerful they are, but I don't think I can kill one on one shot. We got to get you out of this grapple. Oh, no. He's had the worst luck. I think, seeing the predicament that Beau is in, I'm going to cast Phantasmal Force against one of the ones that is grappling her. I assumed. Good, so they fail. It doesn't much matter. I want one of them to drop her grapple. I'm going to do the one closer to me, and the image that they see and feel is that of a tiny goblin girl jumping on its face and biting it in the eye. I can roll for damage. They suffer three points of damage, and they have a goblin on their face, covering their eye. Just the one creature. Because I'm hasted, do I get a second attack? Okay, I will now attack the other one with my Tinkertop Boltblaster. Oh wait, do I get to add a plus four? Yeah. One, okay. That's something. 17 to hit. Okay, and sneak attack? 26 points of damage. No. 26 points of damage. I'll do Fury of the Small. That's an extra seven-- what are we at now? Then I will very conspicuously, bonus action, fire again. That's 26 to hit. Plus another ten points of damage. I'll move into the bushes there. I know I can't hide, but towards the tower. Patient Defense, whatever that is? Let me look. Each round on your turn, I can deal damage. My god, this is a long-ass spell. "While the target is affected, the spell treats the phantasm as if it's real. The target "rationalizes any illogical outcomes from interacting with the phantasm." Got it. That makes sense. I buy that. Yeah, no, that makes sense. Then this is the one that misses, right? Beau, you're still alive! You're so dumb that you have to write down-- Yeah. There's four of them. Focusing on stronger things. The goblin's still on its face. I think you had it move, but you didn't have it do an action yet, I don't think. I don't think you did an action for it. You just tried to move. Monks are insane. Because I'm a rogue, I'm going to go bolt, bolt, bolt and fire three times. We got 25, 25, and 11. Nope. 20 and then really low. Shit. I didn't specify which one. I've got to reroll all of them. I'm rerolling all of them! It's all good. I didn't know I was going to have advantage! All right, first attack is 22. Second attack is 26. Third attack is 25. The one that looked real rough. 17 plus five, 22. The first time I rolled the first two hit and the last one missed. Want to go with those? So two hits. I would love the bolt to-- Oh boy. I would love for the bolts to go-- Fjord's right in front of it, right? I would love the bolt to go out through its head and stop just shy of Fjord's face. So I should roll for those? Damage, okay. Both were the same. Both were seven points. Is that the one that has the Phantasmal Force on it? Yes? So that one also takes an extra five points of psychic damage from a goblin on its face. It's a confusing fight. Ugh! What does that do? End it, Yash. Yeah, you go first. You're way closer. I'll swim closer. I'll fire. Actually, with one hand I will take another swig of booze, if I can under the water somehow, and with the other hand, I'll fire. Natural 20. Do I double it? Dice damage is doubled. (counting) 23. Let's see here. It's a crossbow bolt. I would, again, like the crossbow bolt to tickle Fjord's ear as it whizzes by. Yeah, just a little. Sorry! Accidentally, because I rolled a natural 20, I shoot again. Shit, sorry! Sorry, it's the thing! It does it! But the salt water-- (exaggerated Swedish accent) No, I don't! Roll for kelp. While we're around down here, can I swim around, look for any other trap doors, or doors, or doors? Perception. Four. Four. Oh wait, plus! I get pluses on that. 13. There's a door or something over here! He cares about you. Oh, that was a journey. Three. Why don't you guys go out there together on a walkaround, just a little-- you guys could go together is all I'm saying! No, Fjord! Fjord and Jessie could go together! Sure, but so are you, and you could show him-- Go on, have fun, take your time. Do you need any money? I could try to move some of the seaweed with Mage Hand or something. (whooshing) No, but I will. It's my job. Will it sting me? I'll go down. I'll push through and see how far I can get. It's just dark. And I'm at the top of it, right? That's where the roots were, and it was growing up through the tunnel or something? Oof. I don't see any signs of life or light or structures? Oh, I'm terrible with this. 18! What? What was that? (screaming) They went for my jugular. I'll take out my wire and make a little phone call. Come in, Caleb, hello. Will you let the group know that it's a 40-foot climb through dark grossness, and then there's a chamber down here. You can reply to this message. I don't want to go back through it again, so I'm going to stick down here. If you guys want to come, just come. You can reply to this message. Last time you went down into one of these, we had to make a very quick exit. Do we have a plan for making a very quick exit? This is ball three? TRAVIS and Ball two? Wait. You have two in you. A skeleton? Is someone writing this stuff down? Do you have it all, Marisha? I don't remember. We're picking up coins, Matt. 25. Keep going. Five minutes. She's searching for coins. Don't you need someone to stay with you in case you have to make-- What if you turn evil? She did it. Better hand him that hat. Are we in there? I don't need pushing. Okay-- ah! What are we rolling for? LAURA and Yeah, they both made the ship go a little faster. But not like that underwater. What? What? What? Oh, thank god. The water sucks so bad. Yeah, do something! Fuck yes! Wow. That was amazing, Matt. Shit. [break] I forgot to hand these out at the break. If anyone wants a durian candy? Durian fruit candies, guys! Yeah, it smells and is made out of durian. No, it's got a wrapping on it. You have to take the wrapping off. It's a wrap-- It's good. Mmm. Do you open it like that, or do you do one of these (flick) and then use it? Captain, Captain! Should I go under and ready the cannons? Captain? Aye-aye, Captain! (screaming) Yes! Special officer action? You're the boatswain. No, you have access to these actions as well. Cannon attacks deal an additional 1d10 bludgeoning damage. If the attack roll is one or two, the cannon misfires and cannot be fired again. It's an extra action, other than just regular loading? Got it. Good synergy. Options. How many cannons do we have? How many on the side that's facing our interlopers? Huh? Captain, the cannons are armed and ready! Give me the order! For all of us, or just for our boat? You could throw fireballs and shit! Never mind. 20. It's not jackfruit. Durian. Did we roll for the ship? Their sails do? Engage? You want more? While he's doing that, Captain, should we turn to engage or no? Captain! Captain! They're vulnerable. Turn so we can finish them off! (gleeful quiet cheering) Yes. Yes! Pack the good powder! (laughter) They've got magic. They could unflip their ship. We don't know. You have the order, men. Fire! Sure. Three attacks? Which way did we turn? Doesn't matter. Okay. Seven, seven, 14. There's plus six to hit, so 13, 13, 20. 13, 13, 20. 30 points of damage. I want to do this fight! Maybe the cannon blast flipped it back over again, and they've got a second wind! I want to kill things with my cannons! Should we go rescue them? Get their shit? The cannons are loaded again! Or all of them? What if it's the same thieves who robbed us twice? (laughter) Taliesin, way to break the game! Manacles? I'm not on manacle duty. Fire! (laughter) No. We got one. Salty Criss? I'm sorry, what was that last part? You lost 14 crew? Are you wanted in a city there? Sidebar. (clicks tongue) Captain, we're not welcome in one of these towns. Maybe we could make some sort of a trade, give them some pirates that they've been looking for, in exchange for immunity, or at least clemency, leniency? Not Darktow! What's his symbol? There's also some coin that needs to be-- Are we dividing it up among the group? I'll do the math. That's where I'm from. I don't know. Am I? Hi! What about me? What do you mean, what about me? I just want to get off this fucking water. I wouldn't mind swinging by, if we're going that way, just for a quick check in. I don't know what our ultimate plan is. Do we need to go to any more ball places? How do we do that? Ship. No? Fjord, do you have closure here on the open seas? Are you good? Did you learn who you are? Let's go. Speaking of stinky, Caleb, what did we get? What's all the stuff? Like a douche. Floats, like, in the air floats? Like a lantern. What else? What else? To make you super strong. More than once, or just once? We could get into a tower or something. I do. As am I. My armor class is less than yours. I do. Jester and Laura are fighting right now. I'll look at it. We'll play cards for it. Tusktooth? What about Orly? He's a reputable Nicodranian. We don't have that kind of-- Intrigue! Secrets! Oh boy. Backstory. We do. Yes? Oh. Well, I don't know we're 100% sure that we're doing that, but if we did, it would be nice to just sort of swing through and see what-- because they said there was some damage, so maybe just kind of see what damage has been done and if anyone-- you know. (stuttering) Yeah, I'd like to check in, just see how the place is doing and, you know, if everything's still there. You know, just make sure that everything's okay. Yeah, it's a little complicated. I really didn't like most of it. Certainly not my clan, as I've told you guys. You know, there's a few folks that I didn't mind so much. There was one gentleman I wouldn't mind just checking in on, make sure he's okay. (stuttering) No, just a friend of mine that I just wanted-- No. They're not my friends at all. They're bad. No, this was just this halfling man who lived in the town near where the goblins lived, and so I maybe just want to see if he's okay. He was very special to me and I just want to-- I'm worried about him. Do you have anyone like that? Well, you do, just-- Not at home, yes. Oh. I would assume not. No. They're not okay with me. I did not leave under good circumstances with them. If we pass through, I would either not want to see them, or if we did, be ready for a fight. Mm-hmm. (stuttering) Yeah. I don't really-- I'm sorry. I'm just so nervous about it. I don't want to see the clan ever again if I can help it. Well, we might have to go through it to get past it, but yeah. I don't really consider myself one of them anymore and I just want to see if my friend is okay. This trip on the water was not fun, but-- But, we did some good. I feel like we're a little closer as a group, and we got those books for you, right? And when we get some paper and some ink, you can learn some new spells. Yes. You would know that I have a knack for stealing things, or what? (gasps) Well, yeah. I've found that it's pretty fun. You can make people think things that aren't real and you can even change things from one thing to another. You're very good at that, aren't you? [music] We should sleep. Good night. Wow, what a way to start the year. I know.