Yesterday, guys, was D&D Beyond's first one-- first one-year anniversary. Take two. Hey guys, yesterday was D&D Beyond's one-year anniversary. Wish them a happy birthday on their Facebook and Twitter pages. MARISHA and Or just right there. Also, as a reminder, D&D Beyond streams their weekly show called & Beyond every Wednesday on twitch.tv/dndbeyond. It's not-- take two. I was going to say it's not great conversations, but no. Pick up. It's got great conversations with special guests like Matt Mercer and Mike Mearls, and other guests with M.M. names. That's the whole announcement, but I recently went to Virginia, so I got inspired to write a country song for D&D Beyond. I was going to learn this on the guitar, but then I realized I don't really play guitar. All right, here's my country song for D&D Beyond. (singing) My baby left me on the fourth of July, I cri-- Take two. (laughter) Settle. (singing) My baby left me on the fourth of July. I cried red, white, and blue. Got in my Chevy, popped open a Coors, and moseyed on over to you. Opened the trailer, played some Johnny Cash, kicked off my cowboy boots, and sat. Got my character sheet and my daddy's dice, because Exandria's where it's at. D&D Beyond, be my girl tonight. Roll me close, crit me tight. I got a pickup, a 12-gauge, an American flag, but it's you that makes me feel all right. D&D Beyond-- (singing) Be my girl tonight. There's another verse! I've trucked across the heartland, from Dallas to Memphis and back. But Emon's the place I miss the most, where I want to hang my hat. So, darling, call the Piggly Wiggly, and tell them you're gonna be late. Turn off your phone because your cowboy's home. Get ready for an all-night date. D&D Beyond, be my girl tonight. Roll me close, crit me tight. I got some illegal fireworks, a smokehouse, a new tractor, a hunting dog, my mama's Bible, some Frito pie, NASCAR tickets, a deer license, some new tires, a handle of Southern Comfort, but it's you that makes me feel all right. D&D Beyond, be my girl tonight. Those are all official Southern things. Give it time! I may have helped set up for you, being a caring parent. Don't worry, though, I only touched the ones that you wouldn't have used anyway. You've got one job. Why are they dad hats? Oh, okay. (singing) D&D Beyond-- So early 30s? I didn't say not it. Would you like to go, Liam? Sure. Not much. Okay, the things I wrote down were I would like to use my money. To buy a bunch of baubles and trinkets and buttons and ribbons and string and beads and one crescent ornament. In Disguise Self mode. I will put all of that stuff into a package and mail it away with a note that I sent you earlier, Matt. Okay, step two! I'm going to take my gun. Oh, I stole a gun. You weren't there for that? I stole a gun! I stole a gun from a guard. I've got one bullet. Yeah! Don't fuck with me, man! I will blow you away, motherfucker! Unless I miss, and then it's nothing. No, I would like to take apart the gun. I'd like to take apart the gun and figure out how the hammer works, how the gunpowder ignites. Is it a pack of powder like a bullet, or is it loose powder with a ball? No, but do any of you guys? Tinkerer's tools. I'll go and buy them! No problem. Does anyone want to help me? Do you have tinkering experience? I rolled a 14 and I have an intelligence of plus three. I'm specifically curious about how the impact of the hammer creates an explosion. Is it a specific kind of metal that makes a spark? It's a flint metal. With that knowledge, I will purchase any other materials I will need to do this. I'm going to take out the 20 arrows I grabbed from the Iron Shepherds' house. I'm going to try to modify them, using multiple arrowheads if needed, to make an explosive arrowhead that's packed with some gunpowder. Another tinkerer's check! I'm not a good tinkerer. 11 plus three. I got them for free from somebody. From Norse Foundry. Just a 14. One explosive arrow. I'll take the parts of the gun-- it's apart now, right? I can't put it back together? All right, I'll try. That's a 15. Okay, and I will look at it and say Whoever invented this was a very smart person. She must have been a very, very smart person indeed. Okay. Then I have one explosive arrow, maybe. Great. I'd also like to purchase a pair of gloves or have them made. For comfort and show, human skin color, with little fingernails embroidered at the end. Yes. Oh, also, with that package I sent earlier, I also included 100 gold pieces in it. And then one last thing. I'd like to approach Jester, and ask her Jester! I need your help. You are a talented artiste. But also, you've mentioned in the past that you are an expert forger. I've seen you draw dicks on things. You don't really show us those too much. All right. And also, while you were captured, I flipped through your book. It's excellent work. If there were an art school or something, you should send it in. I bet. I'd like you to help me forge a letter. I'd like it to sound like it's from some sort of legal entity or law firm or court or something like that. Yes, yes, yes. And I'd like to-- oh, could you not tell Caleb about this? It's a secret. I'd like it to read something like-- Oh! I'm going to be sending it to the Solstryce Academy. No. It's in Rexxentrum. The Soul Train Academy. Something like "Greetings. Hello. To whom it may concern." "I am trying to reach a young lady named Astrid, no last name given, who was a--" Yes. "Who was a student about 11 years ago at your academy. She has inherited a bit of money "from a distant relative her uncle, Leonard Highfin. He's from--" I don't-- Leonard Hyphen Leonard. "From the town of Nigeria." "And his estate has employed me to find her in order to deliver the funds." "Please reach out to her-- reach out to me--" Sorry. I didn't know you were writing it as I was saying. "Please reach out to me with her last "known contact information or address. You can write me in care of The Pillow Trove Hotel, "Zadash. Attention--" I don't know. Attention what? Mrs. Jester? Mrs. Dr. Jester? Mrs. Lavorre, Esquire. "My legal practice thanks you in advance. Thank you." Nott and Brave. Yes. I don't know. On official letters, do you kiss them with lipstick? Do you put a little perfume on it? What do you do? That'll make it even more official. Sure. I've noticed sometimes in letters that I've stolen from the post, fancy ones anyway, sometimes you pull out the letter and then there's this other piece of tissue paper in there for no reason. Just a blank one. All right, and then we mail it to the Soltryce Academy. Do we have any wax? We can't tell him about this. There's candles everywhere. Oh, perfect! It's a bunch of candle wax. White wax. It looks like it! Like a big first letter? We need sealing wax. Can you go get some from the stiggity store? I'll pay for postage. Oh! So you did need it. Thank you. Please don't tell Caleb; he might get upset. I think that this is someone from his past who might be able to, you know, make him think of happier times. Yes. No. Yes, I remember that night. He misses her. I think so. You know, I don't know which way he swings, but he could really get any girl he wanted to. That's nice. Well, I hope it works. End scene. I mean, I don't want to take too much time. I'm good. Shopping and crafts, Travis! Jesus! (cooing) What about the cloak? Oh, no. Do you take cards? What? How? What? (singing) Be my girl tonight, D&D Beyond. This is for diamonds? Ooh. Suvo's Secrets? Children. We're all children. (whispering) Secrets! One gold? Hardcore negotiations. (whispering) Secrets! Ooh! Yes, you did. What? He's going on walkabout? You die. Tubo versus Beau with bows! (laughter) What?! Guys, hasn't the last four days been amazing? The weave of time. You didn't want to just walk for six days and walk back for six days? Everyone's done their stuff. Yeah, everyone's done their thing. I'll help you. Sure. What is it? I don't like this. Is it something-- is it made of dead people? It's so nicely wrapped. It's so tiny. It's tiny, it's just a small cube. Oh, look. It says, "To the bravest rouge we've ever met. "From your friendly--" No, it says rogue, I'm fucking with you. "From your friendly neighborhood healers." You guys can heal? It's a cloak! Wow! It looks so cool and fancy! I will put it on and spend some time with it. How much do I owe you for this? Got tons of money. Way more than I'll ever spend. Which one is that? Which god? LAURA and All right, that seems right. What are we going to do to it? We're trying to destroy this place? Paint it? What do you want to do? That sounds complicated. We're here again? All right. Okay. So we're going to mess with the statue. What if someone comes in? We kill everyone in the place? So I'm the distraction and the lookout. They're in there? All right, I'll do my best. All right. I'll disguise myself using Disguise Self as an elderly gnomish woman, and I'll wander into the temple, I guess. Ahem, pardon me. All patrons, I have a request from the Holy Father himself that we vacate the premises. They have to refresh all the holy water-- that's good-- every 30 days, and wouldn't you know it? Today's that day! So out of the pool for a few minutes, and then when it's all refreshed, we'll come and you can come right back in. Just a break! Go and take a break. Okay, not bad. Even better. This is what? Oh no. That's a negative three. The one that you stole from me? That's a 13. Disadvantage, minus three. I still got pretty good. Are they carrying weapons of any sort, or vestments or jewels? Is there anything around us, like donation jars, or anything around us? I don't know how churches work, guys. Do they have a ticket-taker? 14. If there's one close to me, I would like to cast Mage Hand and grab it. I'm sure I will drop my form. It's an action to make it appear. Oh god. I think what His Holiness is trying to convey is that he will be going on a spiritual journey, and there's only room on that train for one dude! That was perfect. I'm going to watch the door. They all went out the front door? That would be faster. I'm going to hide in one of the pews. Oh god. I'm going to follow from behind stealthily. Okay. I'm going to scream as loud as I can from behind them, and scream Oh my god, he's dead! He stopped breathing! He's back there, didn't you see him? Oh god. That's a nine. I'll try. That hits. There's no save, right? Whew. Thank goodness. I'm wearing my cloak, so I get advantage. That's a natural 20. Jester? Ah, Jester! By the way, I only have advantage on stealth, not on saving throws. So the first roll that I had rolled was a five, which adds up to a 12. So I will take damage. Oh. Thank you. Thank you, sir! May I have another? Jesus. You're using every spell you have. Just use your handaxe! Oh, wait. I'm going to die trying to help her graffiti a statue in a church. God, you've cast 19 spells. Acrobatics? 17. Full dash, yes. Full dash. I don't know where she went! I'm going to run another 15 feet. Does anyone have eyes on me right now? Oh my god. I will full dash and get out of there, and turn left. I'm going to duck behind something and look to see if Jester came out. 25. He's out, get him! Not much happened. What? I did a lot of drinking. Yep. Just drinking and thinking. Yeah, a little bit. You know, it's easier to steal things when you can pay for them with money. I did not know that. Ill-tempered bowling ball. (laughter) I'm happy to entertain your desire to go find out more about this ball inside of you, but there's other things we might want to do, too. Caleb, you have things that you wanted to accomplish to the north, right? Me? I'll go where you go, Caleb. I worry about a couple things. Yasha said she'd come back when she was ready, and if we're not here, then I don't know how she'll find us. We could leave word, I suppose. Yes, Jester could send her a message. If we could send Yasha a message, that would be better. Yeah, like passing a stone. Could go through his pee-pee hole too. Sure. We stick together. I'm excited. We're going to need you to send a message to Yasha. Do you need to know where she is to send that message? It might be good to let her know where we're going, in case she wants to find us. (clicks) The next day? (clicks) (robotic voice) You have seven new messages. (laughter) That's multiple. MARISHA and Before we set out, I'm going to pull Caleb aside, and-- A moment, Caleb? Are you sure you want to go down to the coast? There's stuff for you to do up north where you were from before. Of course, but we'll have to do it at some point. We're all together now. All right. I won't lie, I'm sort of-- Now that we're all together again, I wouldn't mind swinging by my old stomping grounds either. It's on the way. Well, it's on a way north, if we wanted to go that way. No, it's more east. It's east, it's due east. It's definitely not west. We're here. It's due east, but the coast is down here? I can wait. I don't mind waiting. I don't have a specific-- No, Felderwin. We'll be back this way again soon. We'll have to come through Zadash, and we can-- Yeah, the main road away from the Menagerie Coast. All right. You're more powerful now, aren't you? I saw you got a bunch of paper. Well, you've been doing new spells and things. It's pretty-- No, it's pretty incredible. Have you been able to do anything that you've wanted to-- Been studying? Like some special, spectacular spells that can-- I think so! I think I'm okay. Ever since Molly fell, I've just been-- there's a bit of a sense of urgency, you know? We have things that we need to do and we don't have forever to do them. I want to keep you on your path and I want to keep on my path as well. What is it you're working on? Just learning new magic? I know, but I don't know how you're going to undo it. That's not selfish, that's important. Oh. Well, I think I understand a little about that, too. There's things that I want to change as well. Things that would be risky to change. But sometimes you have to take a big risk, if it's that important. Little ol' me? Yes. Yes. Even if it's risky, yes. We're going to do it. You'll help me? No matter what? Good. Well then, onward to the beach! Oh! I bet you would sunburn easily. You should probably coat yourself with a layer of dirt, just to make sure. You made that?! Oh. Sorry. Do we need more for the journey, or is that enough? No, we set them free. (singing) D&D Beyond! (singing) Make love to me tonight.