Ashly Burch, everybody! And maybe more? D&D Beyond, everybody! As mentioned last week, the newly revamped digital character sheet for D&D Beyond has released. With improved desktop and tablet views, better at-a-glance information, all kinds of customization, and an updated PDF export. As you guys all remember--not you; a couple months back, I asked you Critters out there who use D&D Beyond to write in and tell me about their D&D Beyond experiences. With the studio move and stuff, things got lost. Some of the letters got lost a little bit, or misplaced, but we found them. I'm going to read you some of the letters from the fans. They're from a couple weeks ago. "Dear Sam, loving D&D Beyond. Just used their easy character creator to roll a brand-new character "after my favorite PC was tragically killed last week. I'm still really sad about it, but watching "your show is taking my mind off the loss. I love how Critical Role doesn't remind me about that "death all the time." Again, these are from a few weeks ago, so I haven't-- "Dear Sam, my whole campaign uses D&D Beyond, and their new shareable links really help us play "faster. Side note I love your interactions with Taliesin in this campaign! Don't change that "dynamic, it's perfect and I can't get enough of it. Thank you." "Dear Sam--" These are from a couple weeks ago, that is the premise. "Dear Sam, just signed up for a Master-level subscription at D&D Beyond, and all their content "is so cool! I'm enclosing a photo of a tattoo I just got; it's my first and I'm very proud, as you "can see. That's Nott and Mollymauk dancing together. I know it's in cursive, so you might not "be able to read that they're both saying, 'We're going to live forever!' What do you think?" There was a picture included in that one. Last but not least, we got an actual letter from the D&D Beyond corporation, which also got lost and found. It says, "Dear Sam Hey, let's refrain from anything sad or emotional in your ads "this week. We want players to associate our app with fun, not intense loss that might trigger "feelings of pain or misery. Keep it light! Do one of those dumb songs you write. Oh, and give our "love to Taliesin! He's our favorite, and he's the only reason we advertise on your show." I could not have planned it because those are from weeks ago, Matt. Everyone used the same paper, stock, and font. All right. One of them was fake. A lot of adventure. I'm sure if Laura were here, she would say there are still many Nott the Best Detective Agency T-shirts in the store. Are there? I don't know. Okay, she's not here. (scatting) [click, TV static] [groovy Critical Role theme] I want to. What? What is pointless? They learned to do that in a month? You're just going to pick his body off? But he woke up before, maybe we should leave it with him in case he needs it later. Caleb, she's right, we can't fight them. It would be the smarter bet. We should bury him, and leave some sort of marker-- Keg, no judgement or anything, but you sort of froze up in the little fight we had. When you say you can take us there, are you just talking about taking us there and dropping us off? How do we know you won't freeze up again? We can't fight them! We can't fight them. Molly said not to steal from happy people. Nope. I think you should take everything you can, but I can't steal from this one. That's a good idea. We certainly can't carry it anymore; it's very impractical. Absolutely. It's a terrible purchase. Are we leaving his swords? There's one that can teleport? Sure is. Tell him his name, too. Or, ooh! We can make one up. All right. That's the one. It's a loan! It's a loan. Yeah, fuck those guys, right? Should we say some words or anything? Sure. I'll pour drinks. Long may he reign. I think you're supposed to say things about how good they were and how many people loved them, and what a wonderful life they had, but I don't think any of those things are true, or at least we don't-- I don't think he even knew. That'll be stolen, though. Go after them? To throw what away? I want to hear you say it. Why do you want to go after them? Wrong. Why? If you run, we'll kill you. Cool. You deserve it. (cooing) You said "Sumalee," not "So Molly," right? Wow! You have to do a Mr. Ed voice. Hi. Ah! Can you bring dead people back to life? It was worth a shot, right? I mean. You would have kicked yourself if you hadn't asked and later she was like, "Oh yeah, by the way." They all know each other, I knew it! Do you know Pumat Sol? It was Nila. It's nice to meet you too. We met your friends. Family? Tribe? Clan? They told us that you're trying to find the same people we are. I think? You're trying to find these folks who kidnapped someone who you know? So we have an extra horse! Ooh! Caleb can turn his cat into a bird! We fought those. One almost killed me. Was it you? You can curse in front of us if you need to, I mean. I think you'll pick it up if you hang around us for more than an afternoon. Hardcore. Please tell us. I mean, if it's not horribly awful to tell. Son? Your son has been captured? We'd appreciate that. Metal o'clock. Do you drink? Alcohol? Booze? Okay, more for us. Yeah, sure, here. If you're going after your son, I trust you 100%. What was his name? Maybe that's fully grown for a firbolg? Okay. It was worth a shot. Yes, we should. Oh. That is very lovely. Yeah, we have three horses-- oh wait, you had one too. Wait, did you? No, you were on foot. We had three left. You are probably going to have to share-- Do you have a horse? Oh, you are a horse! Of course. Caleb has told us all of this? I am going to scout up ahead and see if I recognize them. 12, plus zero. They were dead when the frost blast hit everybody. Or maybe he just wanted to move fast without extra weight. Well, we'll cut out their tongues for food and then bury them? What, it's protein. You don't have to watch. Fine. Don't worry. There's other tongues in the sea. (laughter) When we arrive, they may have left word to look out for us. They know what we look like. We should have some sort of disguise. I know that you and I can disguise ourselves. You can-- When we get to the gates, we could maybe just-- For you, we'll find a fake mustache or something? Right, God? (laughter) We don't turn invisible. You guys could hide under the horses or something. Do we still have the tents? Did we keep the tents? We have the tents. Okay. Let's cuddle. I will. Sure. Oh boy. Four. Both for me, too. I do have my winter clothes. I bought them. Just laying that out. No, you can-- Molly would want us to do this trip, maybe Molly should pay. Thank you, Molly. Yeah, Molly wouldn't want to pay for Keg. Why, they don't take money? Oh. When you're home with your people, are you one of the nicer ones, or are you a bad girl at home? What's your-- how does it-- They don't rely on you? Why? This is the gate we need to hide in? Quick, hide! Hide, quick! So that's just literally around this corner? So hide! Or something, right? Yes. Wait! Maybe if one of our horses is a pack horse, you could be on top of the horse wrapped in a blanket or something. You're part of the gear that the horse is carrying. Oh. We can pay. Which plan do we want? You hiding under the horses or you hiding on the horse as suitcases? Okay. I believe that. You can make us totally invisible. Ask your god. Then we can do whatever we want. Yes, yes. I will mutter a few words and turn into-- Oh, which one? It's a dick man with a drink. (laughter) I'll make myself look like Rissa. Because I know that one. Thank god for the buff. It's not as good as you described it. You had smells and you had shapes and everything, but this is-- Shadycreek Run. All right. How much? You know what? I'll get it. Don't even look. I got this one. Here you go, four from me. The Greying Wildlands. That's who we're looking for. That seems like where we should go, because the Iron Sheps won't be there to poke around and find us. The Landlocked Lady. Our horse is smoking. I vote Landlocked Lady. Lead us there with smoke signals. Ugh, gross. Oh man. It's a consistent brand. Sure, it's really interesting architecture. Us. Of use? They're good guys? Do they have a uniform, or how do you know them? How do you know who they are, how can you identify them? They're like Hell's Angels. Okay. Okay, thank you. (louder) Thank you, horse, for riding us this far! That's what you are like now. (laughter) The Trench? Let's go in the brothel. We're here, right? We can stay here, or we go in here? Do I have to fuck somebody in there? I'm a lady. But yes, you're right. You're right, that's a fair point. Let's go in. That's their headquarters, right? Yeah! The caravan just came by. I love it! It's so good. You're going to-- (shouting) You're going to stay in the alley while we go inside? Nope. They're mostly deaf. Forever. Eating a dead body. Well, I mean not the companionship. Oh! Champ? The Mighty Nein? Oh. Yes, we'll need rooms for sure. The estate? What would we do there? We're looking for one of their family, but we don't know enough to march up there and say, "Hey, "we're looking for your daughter." We don't even know if it's a daughter, or a niece or something. I don't know. We don't know if she's on the outs with her family, if they're the ones who had her killed or kidnapped. We don't know anything. We'd be marching into a big question mark. It's like telling a fortune, but with smelling things. All right. I don't know if she knows what a brothel is. (fart noise) Everyone's sniffing your bag! She doesn't want you to smell her bag. It's something you have to earn. Maybe tomorrow. Maybe we should get a room or two. That way, if everything goes wrong, if we're indeed going to go to this estate, then we could at least have somewhere to crash. We can ask around. Maybe the clientele might know some things about the Sheps. I think I fit in in this town, but they might recognize me. No, I mean, the Iron Shepherds know my face, but it seems like there's so many weirdos in this town that, I don't know. No one seemed to be looking at me funny when we walked in. Oh, wait, I was dressed as a gnome, that's why. Never mind. (laughter) Spend the night here, then? We'll have a room by ourselves. Oh, no, I mean-- Not like that. No, you're absolutely right. He is handsome, and he could do much better than a little freakshow like me. He could meet any girl in town and sweep her off her feet. What? Do you have any gold left? Looking up the spell? Oh, elven aging! Cougar! His name is Rex. Listen, you should just forgive Keg, she doesn't know that she was being insulting. She's rough around the edges-- and she's right, you could do better than me. Look at this. This is a mess. I mean, the teeth. All right. Why didn't you run? Changed your mind because we had extra help, or-- Oh, the danger was passed. Mm-hmm. Of course I do, yes. I know that you want revenge for what that man did to you, and there's things I want too, but... Mollymauk was amazing. Showed me something. He had this spirit of life that was pretty outstanding. You know, he was the moment that we all traveled together. He came up, and we were all talking, and all cagey, and all iffy with each other when we met all these folks but he said, "Hey, want to come see a circus show?" and that lit the spark, right? But before that, it was-- All I'm saying is, he was a rainbow man who represented life at its fullest, and that's what I want. Even more than what we were going for before. Together, we're sort of living life now, aren't we? Before, we were in the darkness. So I know we have things to do, and I want to do them. But the reason I want to find these people and rescue them is not to use them, and it's not because we've invested time in them, but it's because I love them. We need to find them and rescue them because we're a team now. So if you're just using them or whatever, that's fine and I'll support you; but I want to find them so that we don't go back to the way it was, when we were hiding in the shadows and ducking into alleys to get away from people. We were safe, but we weren't really alive, right? With these people, we're having fun and winning contests and killing bad guys and rescuing children, and it's amazing. I hope you're with me on that, and I hope we are on the same page. That's a good start. I think they like you. I know it is, and I want it for you. We've used a lot of people in the past and I just want to make sure we're not using these folks. Are we? Okay. I couldn't do this without you. Yes. Let's get them home, and let's kill Lorenzo. I have an idea. I know my last one didn't go so well, but listen we can't fight these people. I've said it before and I'll say it again, but what we can do is exactly what they do. They go out and pick off people one at a time. Why don't we start doing that to them? Follow them, track them, see where they go home at night, and just pick them off one at a time. The weaker ones first, and by the time Lorenzo knows what's happening, he'll be scared out of his mind. Okay. All right. To breakfast. I'll nestle in. What's this? What are you doing? Why are you wearing those things? Did someone tell you to do this? Sure, sure. Can we get some hash browns or something? I don't think there was a verb in that sentence. Okay, so, a few things. I mean, you don't need to sign it if you're saying. Apology accepted. Don't worry about it, I have a thick skin about this stuff, and I know I haven't put my best foot forward with you. We got off on a wrong foot. To a brighter tomorrow! I just made that up, I didn't even have to write it down. No. Okay. That's super weird. He seems like a nice, normal person here. Listen carefully? Like while we walk there, we should listen? Oh. What's wrong with them? What should we know? No, I know, but why? We haven't paid you-- okay. How long have you been working for the Marduns? Do you like the work? You mean, like-- What are those marks all over your neck? Did you get in a fight last night? Who won? Simultaneously? Cool, cool, cool. (laughter) I mean, he seems to know them. I guess so. We're going to go back and ask the creepy guy how to get to the Marduns'. Cops. Odor sack? Ooh, what is this? Druid stuff. First thing that pops into my mind is do you know Kiri, but I don't think that's relevant. Don't they though? All right. Maybe, "How long has this curse been here? How long has the forest been "spooky-ooky?" Are there any monsters out there? Wait. They only live for three weeks, right? That's probably a bad question. How far are we from the Mardun house? I don't know if the bird is going to know-- Well, we can describe it red wood house. Red wood mansion. (gasp) Follow the bird. They're probably just guarding the place. Does someone want to go talk to them? (southern accent) A southern gentleman. Oh. Are you Ophelia? Oh, just making sure. It could be someone else. Oh, whispers. SAM and Guys-- LIAM and Is a really good app. You can customize that. You can with their new upgrade. You can be mid dook? You're mid dook right now. Do you know by whom? The who? What? The Jagendoths? We just killed one of them. The Grudge Gang-- they've hired the entire gang, or just the members of the-- Where do they hang about? They would stay there while they're under the employ of the Iron Shepherds? Would you know if they came back? Do you have spies out there looking? Because we saw them on the road and they were heading back here. Does the Grudge Gang identify themselves in some way? How would we find one? Let's get a fireplace and some iron and burn the shit out of our wrists, and then we're insta-Grudge Gang. Now, The Gentleman has us on a meager yearly salary, but if we were to do this for you, does that include some sort of bonus? Not yet. Where's that? What's that? Is that a town? All right. You don't want us staying here, I suppose? We should scoot out so that we can't be traced back to you? Oh, it's too late now. Ooh, is that a Cabernet Sauvignon? Should we go run recon? Take a quick scouting pass and see what we can see? Okay. Is it a long walk? Or a long travel? You were in great in there! You were great! You handled yourself so well. Man, you were rock-solid in there! Give him a goodberry. It's a Purin tablet. Stealthy! 25. We can send Frumpkin, but also, we have another animal companion now. If you wanted to become an animal something or other and scout around, that would be acceptable, right? Well, Frumpkin's a bird, right? Maybe we need something on the ground, like a weasel-y thing or a ratty type of thing or a roachy type of thing? In owl form? Okay. He'll only be able to see from the sky. We should still do that, though, first. Go for it. Yeah, but it's minus one. Oh, great! (whispering) We have to be very quiet. That makes us all stealthy? 39. Dead? Sure. In his talons, he could bring a little mouse and drop it in there. I'm just saying. We could, but the mouse couldn't talk back. Those are our carts! You have a sword that can teleport you. You could bamf up onto the walkway with them and knock one off, and we could kill him. We can certainly kill a guard. That would give us a costume, but what does that get us? We can drag his body off and feed it to a bear. Steal his clothes. They'll be like "Where "did he go? Where did Phil go? Oh, Phil. You know, that old story." Or we drop in mouse girl and she could run around inside and find out if her son is in there, and our friends. We don't know. Sure. Yes. I don't know how much money we have. You want to go in and scout around? How about one squeak is "yes," two squeaks is "no." Three squeaks is, "My son's been compromised! Please come rescue me! I'm dying in here! Please "come get me!" "Oh my god, everything's gone to shit!" Absolutely. You are a strong, powerful firbolg. Are you sure you don't know Pumat Sol? He's one of you. There's four of him. I mean, they're kind of all the same, right? ASHLY and All goblins are different. You have an owl page on D&D Beyond? Oh god, the house is full of tabaxi! So judgy. You know it's down. Around to the side or a closed door. Maybe there's a little crack or something. We can send a Message. I'll send a Message saying Are you still alive? She's still alive. Ugh. A Dwendalian king. Semen stains. (laughter) Oh boy. That's not good. You've got luck. Oh no! Tell us everything! I still would like some help, maybe one extra hand. Do a perimeter check? Looking for secret entrances! Stealthy searching! (whispering) Hey, let's run back to town. Southward to town. Look at this guy! I'm Taliesin Jaffe. Were you the little boy being eaten?