Guys, the campaign trail is heating up! As you know, I declared my candidacy for the president of D&D Beyond. I want to thank my constituents for their inventive slogans and mottos that they sent in. I wanted to read a few that you'll be seeing on the #SamforPresident campaign trail. These are just some of my favorites "Yes We Cantrip!" Pretty good, by @j_viviano. "Nott, My President" by @alyssatombs. (laughter) Yes. Now, I may not know exactly what the president of D&D Beyond does, but I know that it's an important job, and therefore, I feel like I deserve it. But I can't win this race alone, so I'm going to need a campaign-- I'm sorry, a Sampaign manager, so I've enlisted our own Dani Carr to be my Sampaign manager. Yes. Hi, Dani, thanks for coming tonight. I'm sure you do, but thank you for volunteering. I am, in the form of tape for your reel, so thank you. Anyway, Dani is here tonight to keep me on track as my campaign manager, as I launch into my first ever Sampaign rally speech. Ahem. Friends, Critters, countrymen. D&D Beyond is a horrifying wasteland of shame, and only I can pull it from the foul, swampy depths of-- I mean, D&D Beyond is a wonderful app and a sponsor of this program, where you can build your favorite characters and track their adventures and treasures. Which is why I, Sam Riegel, will unceremoniously decimate its current president, leaving their bodies-- I mean, I'm eager to share my plans to improve this already excellent app. Here is what the Sam for President Sampaign stands for under my Riegelship, every character will come preloaded with one inspiration point. Your default app background will be a picture of me. All characters get 69 hit points. Nope? Okay. You'll have a new option a short rest, a long rest, or a sex nap. Ah! (laughter) Well, that's it for this rally, folks. Next time, we'll unveil my opponent, who will be... To be determined. In fact, I would like you guys to tweet at me, at D&D Beyond, and, why not? At her, at Dani Carr-- @ItsDaniCarr, with the #SamforPresident, and tell me which one of these guys or gals I should run against. Yes, because it's going to be a fun, exciting battle for the White House, or Gray House, or whatever color the building is where D&D Beyond is. Anyway, thank you, and god bless Samerica! (groaning) I don't know, I just found some weird writing on-- Did I copy this from something? What is this? I don't know. Ah, okay. (whispering) Chair'otoa. We should've. Yes. Yes, we should get off the streets right away. I know a place we can go. We can go to near the river. There's a river near here. Okay. How far is the river? Yes. I will lead them to a spot on the river bank that I know. No, we can't leave. No, we can't leave. I mean, you can leave, but I need to stay. I don't know, but I know that-- I don't know. I don't know where he is, but I know that we'll find clues here or we may find clues here. I need to look. I need to look and I need to start right away, and I suppose you all can go if you want, but-- This is about as quiet a spot as I know in town, I don't want to go to a pub or anything. Okay, all right. So you probably have some questions for me and that's all right. I know. I'm sorry. I'm sorry for surprising you back there, and I'm sorry that I didn't tell you more before. I don't know, but I feel like-- I don't think any of us need to pretend that we all don't have some secrets. We've all been keeping some secrets from each other. Sometimes I feel like even maybe the thing that brought us together is that we're bonded by dishonesty, a little bit? Well, some of us, anyway. For me, anyway, I've been holding onto some secrets. I feel like it's almost like putting up an armor or something to protect you from the past, or from regrets or something, and I feel like for some of us, it could also be like a chain, weighing us down and keeping us from moving forward. Maybe it's time now to remove that chain and be open and honest so that we can move ahead. So yes. I'll tell you what you want to know. What do you want to know? Okay. Well, hi. My name is Nott the Brave and I am a little goblin girl, but once upon a time, I was Veth, a young halfling woman and before that, a halfling child who grew up being told that she was not pretty and not brave and not coordinated and not smart, and just not. Yeah. I was. Then, you know, time went by and I got a little bit older. I was made fun of quite a bit. I had this-- People thought I was strange because I collected things. I had lots of collections. They were really outstanding. I collected wax seals and pieces of colored paper and some buttons and fabric. All kinds, yeah. I'm afraid not. They didn't think so. I had brothers and people in town who would ridicule me. Yes, I lived here. One day, I was playing a game with some other boys and they dared one of their friends to give me a kiss. The boy was very nice and he actually seemed to like it! He and I became friendly and eventually, we did what people do and got married. He didn't mind my strangeness and I helped him get his apothecary up and running. He was a brilliant chemist and could make acids and potions and oils and bleaches for fabrics and dyes and all sorts of things. I helped him and he took care of me. Eventually, we had a baby named Luke and he was a bright boy. Very smart, he learned to talk very early and walk very early. Such a smart boy! That's who you saw back there is my son. I think so. We had a rough winter in Felderwin. There was not a lot of crops. I think some of the animals had died that winter. This river I've brought you to, this is a beautiful place. I used to come here with Yeza. It's also an important place because this is the-- the goblins would come from over there. They would come and raid us from the other side of the river. I think after that winter, they got particularly hungry and more dangerous and more daring. They came into town and raided more and more until, one day, they took us. They took me and my husband and my child. They held us in one of their camps. I don't know if it was days or weeks. I'm not sure. Luke was not doing well. He was starting to starve, and I knew that we needed to get out of there somehow. Yeza is a very bright man, but he's not a fighter. So I had to do what I had to do. We ran in the dead of night. They weren't fast. I've been chased a lot in my life by boys making fun of me. I'm pretty fast. So I told them to run to the river and I broke off and I ran a different way. The goblins followed me. When they found me, they surrounded me and I fought. I had a vial of acid that Yeza had handed me and I threw it in the face of the one trying to catch us. They didn't like that. They took me back to their camp. I think he died from his wounds, and he was something like their leader and he had a wife. She brought me to another woman in a hood. A magic woman. I don't know who she was; I never saw her eyes or anything. This goblin told the woman, "Make her "suffer," and they did. They brought me to this river and they drowned me in it. I can still feel the water in my lungs and my ears and my nose. And then nothing until I woke up and saw the hands, those hands, the skin. Then I looked in a puddle. I could see what they made me. They made me everything that I thought I was not pretty, not good, just not. I'll be honest. I've started forgetting what it feels like to be a halfling, to be me. I don't remember everything any more. I feel like every day I'm more and more goblin. I don't like it at all. I don't like myself at all. I'm sorry I didn't tell you. I'm sorry I lied, and I'm sorry, Caleb, that I didn't tell you. I should've told you. You would've understood, and maybe you could've helped me. I don't know. I feel like you're almost there. Almost strong enough to help, but I didn't want to distract you from your path. Anyway. That's how I got to you. That's why I can't be in that town and he can't see me like this, my son can't see me like this. No one there can. I've sent him things. Well, I only recently started signing the letters. I don't know if he believes it or not. I don't know what he would think of me. The people in that town, they're taught to kill a goblin on sight or run and get help. Children are told rhymes. If he saw me like this, I don't even know if he would believe it's me. Since I've been like this? Well, they turned me and then they kept me around. They used me like a slave, really. I would clean out their messes and clean up after the meals. I would help their one that tortured. I would help him for months. Maybe six months. Then I ran. That's when I found you, shortly after, so maybe a year? No. More. More than a year. Year and a half? I don't know. Not exactly. It's all sort of a blur. I don't think we have time. He's gone. They could be killing him now, these people that have him. I will try to restrain myself, but honestly, I don't know for how long. What do you mean? Okay. If you think so, Mr. Clay. This feels much worse. It feels terrible, actually. This is terrible. This is how you all are, all the time? This is not fun. Yes, lots. Is there such a place? Yeza Brenatto. That's fine, but-- and I'm sorry, Caleb. I'm sorry for what I said before. I feel like part of what we'll need to do to find him is to know what he was doing before he was taken, and that involves you. I don't want to force you to do anything you don't want to, but I need you now. I need you to tell me what you know, what these people might be doing, or might have taken him to, or done with him. Do you want to get somewhere safer first? No, I'm not sure at all. They're staying. I gave them some money. Edith seemed to think that they were okay for the time being and that there's not going to be any more imminent attacks. No idea. No one does. Well, I'm not. I don't know, but I know that I needed to see him. I forgot what he looked like, and he forgot what I looked like. I feel like that's impossible. That's unsustainable. We need to know the ones we love, and I don't know what that was. I don't know how he felt, but for me it's a step. As painful as it was, it will be a step towards something. Yeah, it was great. It was-- it sucked. It was terrible. You guys have rubbed off on me, I guess. Right. How? How would I convince-- Go to tell them? How do they get there? It's a dangerous journey, even for us. You saw the borders. Do we know any place safe closer? Is Alfield safe? Okay, yes. Please do. Absolutely. Yes. I believe in you, Jester. You can do this. You have two more words. Okay. That's something. So, shall we ride around a bit? You slept with your teacher? I know there's more pressing matters, but what did she teach you? Cool. It was. That's why you looked at me, that day. Twinsies? Do you know them? It was that big? I mean, I don't want them to see me either because they'll kill me and everyone I'm with, anyone in town, so I think we'll be hiding for some time. Arms? Cuts? Or burns? From cuts. What would they do? Crystals? Do you still feel that way? Why would they have taken my husband? He was not a magic person. He was just a chemist. What instincts? I don't either. He was very brilliant in his work, but I never saw him do any magicky things. He was good at what he did. He could refine anything. If they took my husband, where would they have taken him? Their headquarters are in Rexxentrum? At a school, at a--? The whole city is their headquarters? Do they have magical means of transport? So he could already be there. When did you get your new name? Well...shit. It seems like if we are going to chase down my husband, you're going to have to go into danger. Too much danger. And-- Yes? No, I just had more questions. Was that one of these people that we saw? They had pointy ears. They're elves, right? Then what? One of them look mean? Is that someone who would have-- do you know her to be someone who would be-- someone who could harness chemicals and--? Would she be interested in the things that Yeza was helping? Could she be the one who is visiting my home? Then, do we have-- because I don't know how this all connects. Do we know why the cricks also attacked? Did they sense a disturbance in their juice or whatever that stuff is? The dunamis? We've had the thingy for a long time. It doesn't explain why they would attack here, now. Or had one. So they had one of our dodecahedrons here. I feel like there's a difference between using someone and relying on someone. You do? He could give two shits. All right. Sure, yes. It would make me happy to even know that he's alive. To get some sort confirmation that someone saw him alive or... Is that a bad idea? That's a bad idea. How? Moms gone wild? What is the process by which you would... Well do you think, Caleb, that they would sense that? Is that a magical force? Is that a divine force? That would make me very happy. Okay. Except someone has to ask about-- It's a wrench. Yeah. I'm going to look like just a gnome. Like tea? I have some tobacco. I can give him some advice on places to look. This is not nighttime yet, we're just-- I mean, we have one with us-- two with us. Local doctor. Oh, someone who might have repaired one of the soldiers or something like that? Okay. Dr. Demi Leric, medicine woman. Next time on Colum-Beau. "One more question." (multiple Columbo impressions) Yeah, well, it's spelled weird. G-E-O-F-F. This is serious, guys. My husband is missing! Yeah, we should look. Wait, he was? He was taken by Kryn? Not by-- Weird name. Tell me what Jeff fucking said! Wait, he saw that happen? Well, shit, this changes everything. It could definitely hurt. If she sends a message and he's with the Rexxentrum folks-- They might be able to sense that. Why don't we try Mr. Clay's idea first? See if he's alive and then we'll try to send a message. Has anyone gone down and followed the tunnels? So our choices are--? In the tunnel? So we could continue following this tunnel for several hundred miles and see where it goes, or we could take my son to Alfield, or we could head to Rexxentrum and start tracking down Caleb's old teachers. They are? I thought they bamfed out. I'm all for it. What do we do? Do we know anyone who can help us? We can't get back there for weeks. We know folks there. Okay. Or we could just walk 90 feet ahead. Oh, okay. It's the most powerful spell. Back to the inn. She's running. She has to go do the other D&D streaming show that she's on. How did you know? Wow! [break] Shit, we should have talked about this during the fucking break. What do we do? Oh, in the tunnel? You're not talking about my husband who I want to know if he's alive or not? That is a hot take. It's funny that you said that because-- and it may have been because I was not drunk at the time. I was thinking, when you were talking, Caleb, or Bren, about Rexxentrum and how it's heavily protected and guarded, and how it's impossible to get in and make an assault on it, I immediately thought, well, what if we went in with the Kryn and attacked with them? I don't know that they've ganked him. First of all, he might be dead. He might be ganked, but he might not be ganked by who we think ganked him. I assume it's a hard place to attack or infiltrate. Poke the tunnel? To do what? What was your name before this? (laughter) Can we go to sleep so we can find out if my husband's alive? Thank you. I promise you, if you stay with us, you will also go through some horrible, horrible things. Oh, good. I'm like nine, so I don't know about retiring yet. I want to be me again, yes. Yes. I hope that someday it can happen. That's true. He's a very powerful wizard. That would be nice. Well, I guess it remains to be seen. Yeah, I suppose. That one in Nicodranas was pretty cool, though. He had slicked-back hair-- Wow, that's weird. Let's stick with Nott for now. When I'm back again, I'll change it. Absolutely. Nothing makes sense. That was as Caleb, in canon. (laughter) When everyone's serious, Taliesin is the comic relief. Yeza Brenatto. What? We've heard that before. That's in Xhorhas. Yes, it's in there. The cricks took him. Does that mean he's alive? Thank you, Caduceus. How's Yasha? Because she's been to fucking Xhorhas before. Does she know anything about this place? What is that? What's Deluxin'? No, it is not. We're talking about hundreds of miles. Well yes, if that's all right with you. I don't want to drag you all to the center of Xhorhas, where the beasts live, and the capital city where the empress is. It seems like, if we go to Rexxentrum, we're in deep trouble. If we go to Xhorhas, we're in even worse trouble. (huffs) How do we get there? I mean, are we really going to go through tunnels for several weeks until we get-- Then when we get there, what do we say? Hey everybody, we're here in town to sell our wares! If we go over land, we'll be going right through the front of the war. If we go under land, we'll be underground for weeks. If you did send him a message, I would urge you to do something hopeful. Stay alive, and we'll try to find you. Well, he is short, even for halflings, and he has bushy brown hair, long sideburns. I always tell him to cut them, but he always keeps them long. He likes them long. Oh. Sure, yes, I can. I will Disguise Self. Big nose, not a great chin, bushy dark hair, long sideburns, sort of narrow shoulders. (whispering) Not a looker-- But he is to me. He was wonderful. TRAVIS, TALIESIN, and Is. Do you count the time that I was dead and a goblin? TRAVIS and Because I lost my ring. Five years, then. Married young. Thank you. For sure, we do. We're going to Luke first, to the son? Sending him on a wagon or something? Sure, but we still have to tell them where to go and when to go. We'll go there. Yes! Absolutely. Was there a Jeff fellow? He's a fighter? Okay. Well, let's go talk to Edith first, I guess. Ask her if she wants to leave. (sighs) Good. That means I didn't lie to my son. I believe it. Yes. All right, let's go to Edith. Yes, yes! I mean, we talked about someone else going over there. I don't know. How do we convey this message? (sighs) Everyone likes you. You're lovable. Don't you think so, Fjord? But like, really? Okay. You're going to say I have a message from Veth. She wants you to go far away, where it's safe, to Alfield. Use the money she gave you. Men will be here tomorrow to escort you. We're going to hire somebody, I don't know. Jeff's friend. (like Jester) Would you like to take a survey and tell me how my service was? Jeff. Jeff's friends. Weird opener. Cool. Whatever it fucking takes! Yes, absolutely! Give him 80. To Bryce. Okay, so what do we do? Do we go in the tunnels? Do you want to go in the tunnels? Okay. Buy more pockets. Hi, I'm here to buy some pockets? You brought us here for money belts. My husband is being kidnapped by crick terrorists. Sure. Nope, this is a full scene. Oh, fuck you. Okay, off to the tunnels. TRAVIS, SAM and Any guards around there? Fjord? Caduceus, any ideas on how to get our cart down into the tunnel? To get past the guards? It's been weeks. They're not down there. This is folly. The easiest way to check is for, sorry, Jester, to go look. You just pointed to two orange pockets. Two weeks. So 16 days. The answer is yes. Whatever it costs. Done. Take care of it. Who's going in? LAURA and No, but who's going past? She's super strong. Oh yeah. You're right, there's not really anywhere to look. Yeah, and then what? This won't be a problem when I'm the president. (laughter) Elephant, ape, giant constrictor snake, giant elk. Dig! Aww, it was so close. Yeah, it did. Cast it again. Do it again! They didn't just burrow from Xhorhas, they floated. Nope. Can you send some light down there? Caleb, go look. The ball? You'll break it. Just send some Dancing Lights. He went in. Yes! Yes. Is that deception? All right. Do we have anything to float on? A boat or anything? Fuck yes. Are they creepy? Traps? On the ceiling? Sure, I'll look for traps. Investigation? Perception. 17. Looks okay. There's nothing to hide from. You need your spells for other things. Guys, there's no one I would rather go rescue my husband with. MARISHA and No, we never did. You're right. You're right, we never-- We always talked about going to... Tal'Dorei-- (laughter) Dun dun dun! What are you talking about? You just used two to be a badger twice. We're going to Xhorhas? To do what? Aww, around the corner-- It's 1000 miles away! Ooh, should we roll for level eight? What do we do? How do we do this? When I'm president, they'll just level up for you. How do you do this? Oh god. I'm lost already. Manage levels. There we go, manage HP. I roll a d8, apparently. Six. Where do I put that? Modifier? Ooh, ability score improvement! Oh, shit! What are you going for? You can do that? All spells? Oh my god, so much I can do! Oh, by the way we've all agreed; no one this whole campaign is taking Lucky, right? It's the worst fucking feat. It breaks the game! No. No one's doing Lucky. I'm decreeing it as your president. We'll see who runs against me.