Okay. Let's see if we can do this. Good luck. You know, the best part about D&D Beyond is keeping track of your important stuff. And there's one important thing we keep losing Ashley Johnson. Please put this on. So I'm proud to give you the first ever D&D Beyond Presents The Mighty Nein Welcome Back Yasha Ceremony, featuring Ashley Johnson, everybody. Maestro, hit it. Oh, there's the award show music. I'm your host, D&D Beyond presents Sam Riegel, and we're going to go around the room super fast to honor Ashley's triumphant return. Didn't work. First up is Travis. None of them work. First up is Travis with a toast. That's enough! There's no time! We got to keep going! I can't do it! Do it for me! Now we're going to go to Taliesin with a song. That's enough! Marisha has a poem prepared! And finally, Liam prepared an old Irish blessing! Okay, that's enough, we don't have time. Ashley, you are a good and creative person, and D&D Beyond wants you to honor the good-- D&D Beyond wants to honor the goodness and creativity of the fine folks at 826LA by kicking off the 826LA charity push. (cheering) That's like 4200 bucks! But there's more. Once we hit the 10,000 dollar donation tier level-- I don't really understand this part-- Critters will unlock a special discount code for the legendary bundle on D&D Beyond! (cheering) (laughter) Was this all planned for Ashley's return? No! This was planned far before! But hey, it sure feels like it. So from all of us at the table, and the guys at D&D Beyond Welcome back, Ashley. (cheering) Oh, I forgot to give you your award of excellence. It's from Jurassic World. Wait, it's hairspray? I think I bought the wrong thing at the store! Who's voicing Gilmore? I did! It was kind of chaotic, but they're donating for natural ones, they are retroactively donating for natural ones. Oh no! Is that the 10k thing? I was confused. Spend ten, get nine. She's the absence of emoji. Make a whisper? Oh, what? Just at the bar? What? (shrieks) We did not walk right past you! We looked around! You're big, we would have seen you! Do I have to change my name in this club? We should all come up with different names. That's the tabaxi, not the ogre? We know a lot! We were told the name of the group that you traveled with, but I can't remember it now. Me? I'm the worst. 13. No, you can tell us about the ritual! Ritual? Yes, it was successful! Remind me what it was again? There's been so many rituals lately! Not the Tomb Takers, that was the splinter group, right? That is not a good answer! Fjord, say something! Caleb, are we doing this? All right, I'll follow suit. (hisses) Let's gamble. I watched her play last time, I could do-- I don't-- (stutters) Why don't you do it? I'll just drink-- I need just a little loosener. Oh god. Have we seen anything suspicious from the deals, or the-- Plus four. Did you start with 50, though? That's the first thing we've ever won. (laughter) We did. Yes. We fought and killed a giant spider of sorts. Is that the goliath? Sorad? We're very strong. As you can see, Yasha is very strong. (quickly) We don't know anything about that. We had nothing to do with it. I'll offer him a napkin. He seems like he needs-- He's schvitzing. I mean it's not even humid in here. (whispering) He's got a problem. How do we know that you can clear our name? We've proven to you that we're lucky. You know our reputation. We don't know anything about you. If I may, we passed a test for you. Would you pass one for us? May I have three of those vials? Just the empty ones. If I were to fill two of these vials with ordinary alcohol and one with something else, would you be able to tell which is which? With your discerning eye and your years of experience? I'll take out my shitty flask, as my good one is gone. Fill two vials with alcohol and then take out my vial of acid and pour it into the third. Are they reasonably the same colorish? All right, I'll take a little splash of alcohol and some darker stuff and mix it around. All right, this one is the acid; these two are booze. And now I will try to (rapid movement)-- 15. Yes. If you die, I'm sorry. Ooh shit, that's baller! I don't know what to roll. It's 1d6 or something. What do I-- I got to look. It's here. Acid vial. 2d6. 11. (gulp) (gulp) Yep, yeah, that's good. That was impressive. I mean, you pass the test, sir. (growling) (nervous humming) You know. Dander. Why are you locking your iPad between every move? Trying to throw it in the garbage, but it hit your balloon. Can I wander over and see if I can overhear anything? 12. If you're not going to answer any questions, can we please direct some to Yasha over here? Where were you? Where'd you go? Why did you leave? She left us before we were ambushed in Alfield, and when she left us this time, we almost died in this plot to overthrow the empire, or whatever it was with Crick soldiers. Maybe it's related! If you told us what it was, we could help you. Lots of pressure! Maximum amount of pressure! I am not! It seemed like the Gentleman-- who's very impressive, by the way-- knows a lot about stuff, including the fact that we were involved in a plot to frame the Sutan fellow. Do you think he would know if the Xhorhas invasion at the same time as our little plan was a bigger conspiracy? Were we set up? I don't know, but it seems coinky-dinky that we were there on a night when towers were exploding. You're so coy. What was it?! Oh, Xhorhas assassins tried to steal a box of some sort that was a weapon of mass destruction or a portal to another dimension or some sort of fount of energy that powers their race, we have no idea, but they stole it, we encountered them in the sewers, we did not kill the Xhorhas assassin, but he was killed shortly thereafter and we stole his magical dodecahedron. All you need to know is the people from Xhorhas are dead now. Do you know people from Xhorhas? Who are you? Yes. You're a Cr-- Can I say Crick? Is that okay? Do I have to be a Crick to say it? You're from that part of the world? You don't know if you were born there or grew up there? Don't we need to talk to Kara? No! She's right here today! Ah! I'll eat you! Do you know Lucien, too? I think they're talking about the sword. Jester has it, doesn't she? TALIESIN and Jester, by the way, you seriously-- Your farts have been disgusting tonight. I've been sitting next to you all night , and it's just foul. Foul. We can pass out the sword later, but do you think it's something you could use? What does she wield usually? Could you have it as a backup weapon or something? Could you dual wield? Sure. I could use it as a makeshift shelter. Can I just clock the tabaxi and see where that satchel with our blood in it is? Did she happen to put it down while she was over? Why? Why would I do that? I do not. People hate me. There's no part of this that I want! But if you'd like to go over there, I'll be your second. Yeah. I'd be comfortable talking to that little crazy gnome. All right, we can go talk to the ogre. All right, sure. Can we go by the bar, though? Going to swing by the bar, I need a refill. Going to give the bartender my flask, and say Could you fill this entire thing up? Thank you. I don't tip. (laughter) We'll go over to the ogre, I guess? What do you call a deer with no eyes? No eye deer! (laughter) It didn't work. It looks so painful! Good to meet you. No, it wasn't me! I didn't do anything! Let's go! Is Dolan gone? Already? Got it. 104 gold?! How many silver? What did you say? Oh. Oh, I think there was one thing. Tell us everything about you! Are you fucking kidding me?! Leave! Leave, Horris! Leave! It could be! But you have secrets too! And you're a pair! You know, I distinctly remember a moment when we were the shady pair of this group. But now it looks like you guys are! Now I'm hungry for pears. Angsty teen. Would you like a drink? Here. It's filled with many alcohols from different taverns. I stole three empty vials from that place. I'm very excited about them. They're empty, but they're still really shiny. But seriously. Were you dead? Jester would like to cast Zone of Truth. She says (as Jester) I would like to play truth or dare, but without the dare. I got a one. Natural one! Ten dollars! To 826LA! (cheering) What!? That's even better! Okay, you're in. Like your life reset somehow? Or you just don't remember? Everything before two years ago is nothing to you. Black. Any of them? I have three of them. (dink) That's amazing. I would ask about how you discovered that, because that would not be something that I would ever just do, just to just see. But we'll leave that for another day. Question. Go back two beats. You said, "Who cares about what happened before?" Do you really not want to know your past? Answer truthfully. Yasha has a crush on me. Nonagon? I'm sorry to belabor this, but what if you had a good life before this? What if you were famous or rich or had friends or family? Empty? Empty. No. What do you mean yes? You can imagine what it's like what it's like to not feel anything before this moment? Have you died before? That's true. But it's not who you are. Is the Moonweaver not real? If you always lie and bullshit, how are we ever going to believe you? He has to be telling the truth. Which tattoos are the old ones? I mean, I don't want to see your naked body or anything. But do you have some? What does that mean? What does it mean? Caleb, what does it mean? Red eyes or something? Get out the black light. They're not tattoos? They're just markings? They were just there. No, that's very interesting. Good to know. I feel like we should do this every night. But I will say this Lucien? It's terrible. It's like a kid with a soft mustache that's not like a real-- you know, like a-- I think that you need to know where you've been to know where you're going and I respect your feelings-- I feel like when you're ready to know your past, I would support that and I would help you find it. Me too. Is the spell gone? Goddamn it! Yasha, tell us everything! Fuck! I think we all-- did we all find out? No? The one-- you mean the-- Anyone need to go to Pumat's? She's never met Pumats Sols. It's a quartet. It's a doo-wop group. They all sing bass. Seems pretty aggressive for a favor. Germans don't tell jokes. (laughter) Zemnians experience only pain. (laughter) Is everybody going to go? (as Jester) "I have the diarrhea." (laughter) (laughs) Whoa! Tough. If you need a loan, I can-- Were there any throwing weapons that you have, even if they're enchanted? Would she like that? She doesn't like to throw daggers. She only likes to throw-- What does it do? It comes right back to you? A dagger that comes back to you? Caleb, did you hear that? That's incredible. Oh, I'm fine. He's already-- they're already making me something. Throwing a dagger just seems so inelegant to me. I don't know why. They're meant to cut food and to eat food with. Is my flask coming along all right? Add any sort of shiny finish to it or some extra flair or baubles to it, that would be fine. Thank you. All right. Thank you. Jester's not with us. Should we go on our mission or should we get rid of Horris? Drop off Horris and then go. Do we know where we're going for this mission? Okay. It was an accident. There was nothing suspicious about it. Yes. Yes. Dweez. I'll hold onto Caleb as well. Oh. Ugh. Thank you. Who's piloting our boat? She's piloting-- do you know how to drive a boat? (scared noise) Oh, okay. You're so needlessly scaring me for no reason! I'm going to place on my ring of water walking that I stole from Jester. What do I do with it? (shouting) What do I do with it!? No, I've never thrown anything in my life. As he's talking, I throw a gold coin at his head. That's a d20, I mean, that's a natural 20. Do you want me to redo? Redo. Way less! Dexterity what? Ten.