Brian, how's it feel? This is the most people that have or ever will see your show! I can sing. Britney? (singing) You might've been hurt, babe. (normal) I don't know, is that Britney? If I may, I've been recently most impressed and surprised by the babies that have been named after Liam. Several new babies are out there in the world named Liam. I'm just throwing it out there, Sam's a nice name for a boy or a girl! The golf clap. Yeah. But we always did blame Keyleth, even at the home game. We kept that consistent. He's sensitive. With my current state of characterization? I don't want to spoil. Am I not supposed to spoil things? Yeah man, so I get to play, unlike everyone else on stage, a new character right now. It's so exciting and it's so fun. It was terrifying for the first two or three times, as it will be for you all when you all die. But because, like these guys said, we've been doing these characters for so long, we know them backwards and forwards, but to play a new guy is super weird. It feels like-- Well, I was going to say something really dirty and I'm not going to. There's a little placard right here that says, "Please be aware that members of your audience are underage." Anyway, I feel ham-handed and weird and awesome. What am I doing? I don't know! I don't know what I'm doing, oh god! Oh god, it's happening, no! Stop it! No, it's very exhilarating, Brian, and I'm having a lot of fun with it. I don't know how long it'll last, but I'm riding it. You guys all had such scorn! Such hatred on your faces! I was genuinely scared you would fire me or something. I don't know. No, it was great. It made me work harder to try to convince you to let me stick around, and you did. For now. Sorry. I trolled you guys. For sure, for sure. He was into them long before Tubthumping, though. It's for you? It's profound. Poop and/or puke. And Victor will have less and less digits. Hey, Loot Crate shirt! AUDIENCE I mean, I just asked Matt what multiclassing is, so. I don't really know how to play Dungeons and Dragons. I don't know, wizard? Is that a thing? Is wizard a thing? Okay, great. Okay, good. As one guy! Well, two. I'll grab a piece of his hair for you later. My guy's been so petrified, terrified, for the last, all of their travels together that this is nothing new. I mean, he's at a baseline of abject terror all the time. Children! It's a Dungeons and Dragons term. I don't know how Matt does it. I mean, he changes accents within sentences, sometimes. So is it like, age and a descriptor, or is it like, this one sounds like Lucky the Leprechaun? He's a fun guy. It would be nice to have, like, the entire cast of Cats. I don't know. Like, in costume. I don't know. Might be fun. One of our guests is here, by the way. Jason Miller. Also, Dame Judi Dench is right over there! Some of the mechanics of how it works change. We had to re-learn. We did a couple of practice sessions with Matt. Yeah, for sure. You could leave the bear. Leave the bear behind. Doty works. And he writes my every word! Wouldn't you want that in real life? Wouldn't you want a guy right behind you all the time? He's been really bad lately, but at the beginning of the game, he was very supportive and he wanted us to enjoy. He's like a dealer, right? He hooks you with some easy kills, and then slips you the hard stuff. Then he's got you. Did he say when Tary dies? Oh. Will I write one in real life, is that the question? Sorry, I was really not listening at all. I actually sat down the other night to maybe write a little bit of a book. Yeah, I really did. I don't know what's going to happen. I don't know. I will see how far I get. We'll release it and they can all annotate it and cross stuff out. The people's court. So you, a stranger covered in blood, want to give us raw meat? Okay. What is he doing right now? That is a good question. Me and Matt are going to meet this week to figure that out. I could go one of two ways. He's either in a gutter somewhere sort of blitzed out of his mind with children peeing on him, or he has killed two people in a casino somewhere and is being showered in gold. That's it.