Hello, and welcome to Critical Role, with me, Sam Riegel. Everyone else is away in various places so I'm the host for tonight, I'm running a one-off one-shot with my friends-- I hope they're my friends-- H We have-- yeah, we'll see. I have lots of announcements and it's up to me to do them all, so I'll dive right in. First one I'll need your help with. Tonight's sponsor for Critical Role is Star Wars Battlefront II! Star Wars Battlefront II releases tomorrow, the 17th of November, features a new single-player campaign where you can play as Iden Versio, commander of the Inferno Squad and Imperial Special Forces Unit. Yeah. Multi-player mode allows you to battle across all three Star Wars eras, fight side-by-side with your favorite characters and experience the thrilling dogfights of starfighter battle. And this is where I need your help. Some of the awesome things you can do in the game are so cool they require sound effects. Like, for instance, you can hurtle between the rooftops of Theed in a speeding starfighter-- Thank you. H As Darth Maul you can raise your lightsaber-- --and slash through armies of clones. You can also play as iconic Star Wars villains and heroes, including Emperor Palpatine-- That's better. Or Chewbacca-- Thank you. Okay, great. (laughter) There's so many announcements! Usually we spread this around, but none of you-- H Yeah, okay! H H read, starting from art book there. H You're just literally reading what's there. That's good. Okay, so that's the announcements, you guys have anything else you would like to add or plug? That's true. I'll just go quickly around the room for people who don't know you fine people. I think in chat there's going to be links to your Twitters and all that stuff, but this is H Michael Croner over here, a funny man. This is Noelle Stevenson, a funny lady, this is Molly Ostertag, this is Sophia Sarah-- You guys are also funny people, you're also funny people. Amy Vorpahl and Yuri Lowenthal, also funny people and they're all here to help play a game, this is only my second time ever dungeon mastering, so forgive me if I suck, and I think we're ready to dive into tonight's episode-- Of Critical Role! (cheering) [dramatic music] Welcome to the Tonight Show, I'm your host Johnny Carson. All right, we're just going to dive in, and see how it goes. (clears throat) Once upon a cruise somewhere in the seven seas, a peaceful three-masted ship sways towards-- fuck. (laughter) A peaceful three-masted ship sways toward the horizon. Below deck, the state rooms are empty, save the banquet hall on dining deck which glows with chandelier light, buzzing with excited guests. The decor is frilly, tables adorned with flowers, hors d'oeuvres, drinks and life-sized ice sculptures showing naked couples locked in romantic poses. An eager crowd huddles around the dance floor, cruisers of all ages and backgrounds-- humans, elves, dwarves, even a giant, and among them are you all, formally clad, wearing name-tags and presenting your best posture. You suddenly see a hulking ten-foot monster with sunken red eyes and a ferocious toothy muzzle! If you saw him anywhere else you would probably run, but somehow his pink leisure suit and cheesy smile erases any hint of threat. Everyone follows him with expectant happy expressions. I forgot to hit play on the music-- (music plays) He walks to the center of the dance hall and addresses you all. "Welcome to the Storybook Love "Singles' Cruise. I shall be your cruise director aboard the SS Public Domain for four amorous days "and nights. My name is Beast. And as you may have read in my fairytale, I know a thing or two about "finding romance in unexpected places." He glances over to Beauty, a gorgeous young woman in a ballgown, who laughs politely and curtsies back. "Rawr, am I right?" The crowd chuckles politely. (laughter) "I kid, I kid. We'll be dining and dancing at sea for another day, and then arrive on "Pleasure Island, where you'll go on romantic excursions, culminating in the famous Hot Coal "Walk. But first, we'll start the cruise with a fun 'getting to know you' exercise called 'speed "'dating.' We'll pair you up according to those questionnaires we had you fill out, and give you "90 seconds to meet and see if there's any chemistry. If there isn't, no big deal, there's "plenty more chances. But if you do sense a spark, let me know, and we'll pair you up again. So, "let's get started!" Can you guys all roll a d20 and tell me what you've rolled? H Okay. Wait, say that again? Okay. Okay. H Yes. Okay. "Let's get started, shall we? The first pair shall be Peter Pan and the Queen of Hearts." Peter Pan steps forward, small, lithe, half-elf, handsome, with a very eager expression. Also, the Queen of Hearts steps forward, a fierce, hulking woman. She cracks her knuckles and grips her dented royal scepter. They face together. "All right, everyone, I'm going to give you 90 seconds "to ask each other questions about former relationships, goals, desires, pet peeves, getting "to know you stuff. It's all up to you, if you'd like, I gave you some sample questions if you get "stuck, but you don't need to use them. Just in case, right? And the clock will begin--" Holy shit, I need a timing device! Fuck it, I'll just count in my head. I guess I do, right? The clock button, right? Okay. Oh, there's a stopwatch, okay, got it, ready? "Let us begin the "clock now." "And that's time, everyone! Excellent" "Yes. We'll talk later and see if there was any chemistry--" "All right, let's go to the next pairing, shall we? That was excellent. The next pairing "will be The Hatter and Wendy Darling, just two young singles on a cruise looking for love." The Hatter steps forward, a tiny halfling, little bit loopy with big poofy hat and wild bloodshot eyes. Wendy is strikingly beautiful, with dangerous dark features, blood red lipstick and a wolf-fur cape. "All right, I will start my timing device, and ask away." "And time. I think we have a potential match here, excellent excellent. I'll write that down, "okay. And our next match for the evening will be Scarecrow and Goldilocks. Please come out to the "table." The Scarecrow stands six foot six, is lanky, wobbly and stuffed with straw. His eyes are a little crossed. Goldilocks steps forward, a strong young human girl in a pink dress. She belches as she steps forward to meet her match. "All right, I will start the clock, and please, leave your hearts and minds open to new "adventures." H "All right, that was excellent, everybody. Listen, congratulations on getting to know each "other. We're going to continue with other couples." And they do, you guys go back, have more drinks, sip on your cocktails, etc. While you're all being matched up in different pairs, the rest of the room is going on speed dates of their own. Sleeping Beauty is paired up with Jack, but he keeps talking about his beanstalk and she dozes off. The cute little Hunchback of Notre Dame tries to get a word in edgewise with the very bossy Mary Mary Quite Contrary. And then Little Miss Muffett hits it off with Humpty Dumpty. It's great. At the end of it all, the Beast returns. "Okay, well done, "everyone. I tried speed-dating when I was younger, but my dates would always scream and run away "before the clock started, right, Beauty?" So he turns over to Beauty, she forces a smile and waves. "Okay, now go refresh those cocktails, we'll have more romantic activities in a few "minutes, and if anyone sensed a spark of chemistry in that last exercise, come over and let me know, "I'll be by the bar." As the Beast leaves, the guests mill about, refill their drinks over at the bar, what would you guys like to do? "Who, me? I'm taken, but thank you." "Oh yes? So that's a potential match?" "We'll schedule an excursion maybe with the two of you later." "Let me write this here so I won't lose it." "Yes?" "I can't-- We tried to reschedule Peter for another cruise, but he had a thing, apparently, so "he needed to come on this one. And who am I to turn away a customer? Don't worry, we won't pair "you up together. We'll try to keep you as far apart as we can. We're sensitive to exes on this "vessel, and everyone here is just here to have a fun time, including Peter." "If you'd like me to have a word with him, I can." "Or a message you'd like me to--" "It's fine?" "All right. Here, take a drink ticket on me." "All right, excellent." H Sure, go ahead. H The bar? All right. There is a half-elf bartender behind the bar, a nice older gentleman. "Hello! May I help you?" "You get standard rail drinks like ale and mead. But if you want anything--" "Cristal? That would be a premium beverage that you would have to pay additional for." "Oh, you have a drink ticket?" "Ordinarily it would be two gold, but yes, I'll take this." He hands you your drink. "We have a lovely sparkling rose." "Top shelf? Well." He goes and gets a dusty bottle and blows it off, pours you another glass. All right. H There's a little side deck off the banquet hall that you can see the rolling waves and stuff if you would like to go outside, or you can stay in the banquet hall. So they walk towards the window in the porch. Yes? As they talk, the Mad Hatter is mingling about, I imagine. Yes. And actually-- Actually, a very tipsy Big Bad Wolf is staggering across the room, knocks clean into you, doesn't say sorry, just keeps going. He's seven feet tall. He's loud. His breath reeks of cherry brandy. He's walking across the room towards Goldilocks. Yeah. Just then, the Big Bad Wolf interrupts your conversation and says, "Goldie. Baby! What gives? "I invited you to my birthday party last week. It was a kegger, no show. What's up? You too good for "the Big Bad Wolf?" He puts his paw on your shoulder and goes in close. Sure. You have a reaction. You're going to cast Shield. (laughter) No, I fail. The Big Bad Wolf knocks straight into the Shield and doesn't quite understand. He's kind of drunk. He tries again. He just keeps hitting this invisible wall. He's like, "Ugh! What "the fuck? Come on! I'm just trying to talk to you." "What does that have to do with anything?" "Come on, baby. I could make you howl all night. Come on." "All right. Fine." He goes one more time and hits the wall. I think that's Message, but I'll allow it. Hey. He's crazy, this guy. Who knows what spells come out of this guy? H It's a type of magical spell. H Neither do I! It's an easier spell to cast. He has one called Message but he, in his craziness, has reinterpreted-- So the Big Bad Wolf suddenly feels tension relieving in his upper back and lower neck and also, your voice in his ear, telling him-- what are you telling him? "What? Oh, this is fucked up." He retreats. He's freaked out. He leaves in a huff. The audience hushes as the Beast tries to get your attention again. (clears throat) "All right, "everyone all drinked up and ready for the next exercise? Good." H "Oh. We can do this later." "All right. I can see the drinks are flowing tonight! Henrick, go easy on it from now on. Now "it's time for our second big event. It's time to learn the official dance of Storybook Love Singles' "Cruise The Electric Slide. And who better to teach a clumsy oaf how to dance than my own "bride? Here she is, the real animal of our relationship, Beauty! Take it away!" Beauty rolls her eyes at his stupid joke and strides onto the dance floor. "Okay. Listen up, you scrubs! The "Electric Slide is the most alluring and easy to teach of the Slides. There's only five steps you "got to remember. I need a volunteer. Who's it going to be? Oh. You, Goldie! All right, get up "here. Okay, the first step You do the grapevine to the right. One, two, three, four and tap your "foot." Roll an acrobatics check. An acrobatics ability check Plus? So you fail. You try to do the move, but you go the wrong way, you're on the wrong foot. You stumble into Beauty, causing you both to stumble. "It's okay. Let's try again, all right? Then you grapevine to "the left one, two, three, four." Roll another acrobatics check. Okay, you stumble into her again. It's worse. Her dress rips a little. It's awkward. H "Yeah, if you don't mind, we're going to move onto another helper, if that's all right. Please, "go back down there and I'll get somebody else. Anybody else want to try?" "Yes, you, small man!" "Come on over. The Electric Slide is very easy to do. Children can do it." "You first grapevine to the right, one, two, three, four." Roll an acrobatics check. Oh yeah! You all watch as the Mad Hatter seems to already know this dance by heart. He goes right, he goes left, he goes back, he goes forward. He's got hip movements and swagger. He does a little thing with his hair at the end. He blows a kiss to the audience. H The audience is enthralled, they applaud. As the class goes on, everyone's having a good time learning the dance. Suddenly, and quite without warning-- oh boy. The ship, which had been gently gliding through the ocean, lurches to one side, knocking glasses off tables and causing some of the ice sculptures to shatter to the floor. Is this working? Yes! A crack echoes through the dining deck. Beauty and Beast both seem concerned, surprised. A moment of silence, everything seems calm and then boom! Another, larger explosion rings out from above you, rocking the ship violently to one side. Everyone, please roll your d20s for a dexterity save. What'd you get? H Okay, so ten for you. Yes, go on, Noelle? Hatter and Wendy both fall to the floor. Wendy, actually, falls into some broken glass and you take one hit point. Yes. On your face, it's pretty badass. The explosions above grow faster and more intense. Shouting and footsteps can be heard above deck, screams of pain. Just then a sailor, one of the crew, face bloody, runs down the steps into the banquet hall yelling, "Beast! We're under attack! The skipper's been badly injured!" Beast says, "Attacked by whom?" "I don't know, but they're flying the skull and crossbones!" "Pirates? In these waters? Okay, everyone stay below deck for your own safety. Beauty, you too." Beauty protests. "No, I'm coming with you!" (roars) "No, stay here!" says Beast. "No, I can't risk your lives, you're my paying customers. Please stay below deck." He darts upstairs with the sailor. You haven't seen any pirates yet. "I'm bleeding and cut." H "Oh, actually, that kind of feels okay." Roll a medicine check. H Okay, so ten. Yeah, that feels good. It blots out some of the blood and he feels weirdly better. H "Thank you, strange man, I--" H "It's soaked in blood. Are you sure?" H Another shot fires. A cannon blasts through the side of the hull into the banquet hall, splintering chairs and tables. Hold on-- yes, it hits and kills Hansel. Hansel is dead. The cannon takes his head clean off. H She's just screaming. The Princess and the Pea is screaming bloody murder, she hasn't been hurt or anything, she's just overreacting. The rest of the ice sculptures all smash to the floor. You notice the Hunchback of Notre Dame, this kindly old man, has fallen to the floor. He's writhing in pain. He is. He's small. I'm sorry about the music. He's foaming at the mouth, convulsing, he seems to be having some sort of medical attention. Shake him? Okay, it does nothing. He is still convulsing violently. That does not seem to help him at all. He's definitely having a heart attack. Are you proficient in medicine? Oh, what would you like to say to him to-- Yeah, no, that's great! The Hunchback of Notre Dame sort of comes to again suddenly, hearing the sweet, kindly music of Peter Pan and feeling the warmth of a bosom pressed against his face. He starts babbling to you in French, he speaks no English. But it seems that he is very grateful and now very much alive again. (French accent) "Oh, shit. Oů est l'autobus? Dans la rue de Victor Hugo?" He seems like he's in frail health, he can't talk very much. He kind of passes out. It seems like you should leave him alone for a second. H H, make a perception check. Roll a d20. H Out of the side of your eye, in the melee, through the hole in the hull that was caused by the cannon fire, you see the edge of a pirate ship through some cannon smoke out there. H Peering out the hole in the wall, you can see a sleek black cutlass. Is that what they're called? A sleek black pirate ship moving around. A cutlass is a sword. No, a schooner! I don't know anything about boats! I know schooner, and that's it. Sure. Okay, great. No, it's not, but okay. A sleek black pirate ship seems to be coming about, and you can see movement on the deck. It seems like some cannons are being aimed towards you. That's it. Also, Goldilocks, roll a perception check. That's enough. A bunch of ice sculptures have broken, there's lots of water on the floor, but mixed with the ice, you feel warm seawater on your feet, and realize that your ship is taking on water. It's an imposing pirate vessel with black sails, dark wood, sleek and sturdy with rails made of human bone. It's got a dozen brass cannons ringing the hull and below decks. Emblazoned on the bow are the words, "The Jolly Roger." Peter and Wendy, you both recognize this ship instantly as belonging to Captain Hook. Wendy, what did you roll for perception? Okay, so Wendy, through the smoke and the chaos, you notice that the pirates running around on the other vessel are much smaller than you expected. You recognize them as Tootles, Slightly, Nibs, Curly, and the Twins. It is the Lost Boys, and they are preparing to shoot again. What would you like to do? The hole that the cannon made is about yea big. Sure. Would you like to try to squeeze through the hole? You hear more screams of pain now coming from above and people running on deck. You can hear things rolling above you. Peter Pan dashes in his slight way across the dance hall to the door. There's a doorway that the Beast disappeared through to go up to the deck. You try the door. The door is locked. Okay. Roll for an attack. Yeah. You used your bonus action to rage, now you're raging and you get advantage, I believe, on strength-based. Yeah. Sure. You definitely hit the door. Roll for damage. Okay. The door splinters open and is knocked clean off of its hinges. You all see the queen exhibit a ferocious amount of anger towards this door, and it explodes into splinters. The path is clear. You may climb the stairs to the deck. H Okay. Roll for an attack. That does not hit. She tries to elbow you, but you, having no bones, just noodle your way away. H Sure. Make an acrobatics check. You do a risky business slide right between her legs. Does he see anything? I don't know what she's wearing under there. Are you wearing bloomers? All right. So you see what you see. All right. Are you going to head up the stairs, Yuri? Okay, who else is going? (sounds of agreement from all) Neither do I! This is a crudely drawn map that I drew because I'm a crude drawer. Okay, Mad Hatter's first. H You guys are coming up this hatch in the middle. Mad Hatter will be first. Who's next? Peter Pan is next. We'll say Wendy is close behind. The Queen is still downstairs, right, letting them all go? And then we'll say Scarecrow. This is Goldilocks, come out behind, and you guys are looking, and you've seen already, you know it's there. This is the pirate vessel coming around for another attack. They are getting ready for another cannon shot. Okay, everybody. Shit, shit, shit! This is the hard part! Okay, roll for initiative, everybody! Roll a d20. Add your initiative to it. I'll roll for the boys. Okay, okay. H Okay, hold on. Yup, 16. Eight. Yes, keep going. Wendy. Okay. Oh my God, why do I always do this to myself? I have 12 people to keep track of! Okay, here we go. So who goes first? H Yes, but you were last to come up the staircase. You will get to go this round, but because you've never played D&D before, I'm going to let someone else go first. H All right, great! Then you know what? Go for it! If you want to do it. H These squares are all five feet, so you are standing about 30 feet from the edge. H He's super fast when he moves, because he's got these noodle legs. H You're going to use your menacing action to try and intimidate? H Okay. Shit, I don't know how menace works. Hold on. Let me look. Where's your fucking character sheet? He's got to roll for it, for sure, so roll-- Wait, no, it might be-- H Oh, so it's intimidate versus insight. Yes, you're right. So roll your d20, add plus five I think. H Oh, shit, he's done. He rolled a one, so he is scared of you and on his turn he will probably run away from you. H I'm going to put this on him, so we know that he is now intimidated. H That was a good first-ever attack! Good job, H! H Great. So yes, Tootles is scared out of his mind. He's shaking in his boots. And he's a little kid, too, so you just scared the shit out of a little kid by showing him your monstrous moist insides. H By the way, Scarecrow is a monk, for those of you who care. Nibs is going to make an attack. He's going to use a sling and try to hit the closest. Nibs is this one, by the way. He's trying to hit the closest person to him, which is Scarecrow. He rolled a 13. What's your AC? What's your armor class? H That hits, right? Okay, thank you. I don't know nothing. He hits you with three points of damage! Yes. So you have a hit point maximum there. Noelle, show him his hit points. So subtract three. Slightly is going to go next! He is this one right here. He's going to sling at you as well. You know what, he's just out of range of you, so he can't. He's going to move closer. He's going to move up here, and that's the end of his turn. He's not going to attack. Goldilocks, you're up! You can get right up to the edge of the ship. You would not be able to hit any of them with Thunderwave. It's 15 feet from self. It would not do it! H Do you have anything? If you cannot strike or use your action to attack, you can also hold your action, and say, "I hold my action until they are in range." Okay, so you're going to attack them when they get closer. All right, great. That ends your turn. Next up is Tootles! So he is crying. Tears are streaming down Tootles' face. He turns and runs, runs in fear trying to get as far away from you as possible. He's freaked out. They're the Lost Boys, straight from Neverland. For sure, yes. These are children. They are 11 and 12 years old. Actually, it's going to be Peter's turn next, so you notice something about the boys. Something seems different about them. They were always rough-and-tumble kids, but now they seem deranged. Filthy dirty. Wild hair and eyes with ripped clothing, no shoes to speak of. Some of them are missing teeth. Let me paint a picture for you. Actually, roll a perception check, because you just came out on this. That's okay, you're right next to stuff. These are masts. This is the place on the ship where you steer. (laughter) It's a raised platform. There are some lockers over here, boxes and crates over here. You also seem to notice there are two ballistae that can fire things, and there are two cannons over here. You are, it looks like, 35-ish feet from this one, and maybe a little less to that one. 30 feet, maybe. That, you notice, is a gangplank. That's what they use to load and unload the ship at port. It's a long ladder, very long, and it unfolds to about 15 feet long. Yeah, you can swing around to here. Okay. That, I believe, is Slightly. Yes, Slightly. So he hears, in his ears, magically, Peter's voice saying to him, "what gives, what's going "on?" And he replies to you, because he can do that with Message, right? Yeah. Not Massage. He replies by saying-- You hear in your ear, "If we can't have Wendy, no one can!" All right. Anything else you'd like to do for your turn? I don't know. Bonus action or something? All right. Well, that's your turn. It'll go to twin number two, who doesn't have a name. He's going to roll very well and do his sling at you, Goldilocks. This is a-- ooh, it's a 20. It definitely hits. And it hits with five points of damage. Sorry, lady. Sure, you can use Shield. As a reaction, right? Is it once per-- What's it say? Mark five points off your health. Twin number two is going to run down to this cannon and continue to load it. That brings us to-- Peter went already, right? So now it's all the fours. Wendy, Queen, and the Hatter. Who wants to go first? Let's move this along. The ship has now come closer and moved around to here. They're preparing to fire. Yes! Yes, they are now within range. Thank you, fellow DM. Go ahead and do your attack. What was your attack? And who would you like to target? So you can probably hit both of these fellows. It's a 15-foot cube, so-- Don't feel bad. They're children. No, you can't talk to them because you were holding your action. This is all you can do. Out of Goldilocks, she opens her mouth and a loud, thunderous sound cracks out of her mouth, making a blast of thunder that hurts everybody's ears. It's piercing, and they roll. Fail. One of them succeeds, one of them fails. Thunderwave is what, 2d8? Is that right? So roll 2d8. Do that. Roll it again. You're going to add these together. Okay, so that's four points of damage. Sure. You can re-roll one of those. So they both take four points of damage and this one is sent ten feet back. All right, excellent job. Let me mark off their damage. Okay, next is Curly. Right, he's the one who hasn't gone? Have they all? He's this one, right? Shit. I can't remember, they all look alike! He's going to roll and attack you, Goldilocks, because you just attacked one of his friends. H I didn't make these god damn minis! H He's just rolled a 19, he hits you. You do. That's plus five to AC, right? So he does not hit. He slings a rock at you. It barely misses you and clatters across the deck of the ship. You are fine. Queen of Hearts and Hatter have to go. Have you gone yet? How did I skip Wendy? Oh, okay. You took ten feet to get up there, so you can get right about there. As soon as you say "Mommy's home," the closest one to you, Nibs, smiles, and says, "Mommy?" As you're all on deck now, you notice the chaos and carnage around you. Your vessel is not designed for fighting and has suffered badly. Two of its three masts are broken. The deck is riddled with holes. It's on fire in one place. I will draw you fire. Where is it? Ah! Where's my pens? Fuck it. This is on fire over here. This is fire. This mast is gone. This mast is damaged. Most of the crew is injured or dead. There's a dead guy over here. There's a dead guy over here. There's a dead guy right here. You don't see-- Actually, roll a perception check. Okay, anyone else want to take a look? H And you got another two. Awesome. Okay, you guys look around for the Beast, anywhere in sight. You do not see the Beast. You, Goldilocks, do notice that there's a lifeboat right here, but it has been severely damaged in the attack. There is no lifeboat right there. Some of the crew had light weapons. They're scattered around the ground. There's also these weapon lockers over here that have different things in them. Okay, top of the round. Sorry, sorry, you haven't gone yet! Sorry, I keep skipping you. Go ahead, go ahead. Oh, shit. That is so cool. So you can fly over there. I don't think that you can also grab. You can get over there and turn into-- You're floating above them. Probably not that high either, but whatever. It's done. Okay, that's your action and your movement. Are you good? Absolutely, sure. Yeah, go ahead and roll, what is it, 5d8? To find out how many hit points of sleep you cause? Is that how it works? Shit. Guys, by the way. Little legal note here. Yuri is portraying a character tonight called The Hatter. He's not portraying a character called anything other than The Hatter, which would be property of Disney. He's the crazy hat. H Yeah. Because we're all on the S.S. Public Domain, guys. 24 points of hit points. You can pick four of those guys to Sleep. Where are you? You haven't moved, so that's these four? So they all fall asleep. That's how sleep works, there's no save. H Right? That's how that works? They're all within 20 feet of each other. I think that's how it works. I don't care. That's how it works! Great! Okay, that was amazing, Hatter. That was amazing. Okay, you notice that four of the Lost Boys get all sleepy-eyed and curl up into a little fetal position and go to sleep. Night-night time. Okay. That brings us to the top of the round, right? No one is awake to fire their cannons, so they do not. But the one who is left, who's actually up a bit, on lookout. He's one of the twins. He yells to you, Wendy, "Wendy, Mama, we miss you! Come back to Neverland! Ever since you "and Peter broke up, we've nobody to take care of us! We don't know how to cook, bathe, brush our "teeth! We're getting sick! Curly has the runs!" You also notice that above the twin, on that mast, is Captain Hook's severed head, stuck to the top of the mast. A gruesome effigy of the madness that has befallen the boys. The ship is still moving a bit. It's drifting, because the guy who was piloting it is now asleep. Just then, you realize that your ship is starting to list severely to one side. The waterline has shifted. One of the injured sailors calls out, "Oh, Gods, we're "sinking!" What would you like to do? We're at the top of the round. It's Scarecrow's turn. Yeah. H Correct. You can jump. You can use your action not just to attack, but you can do things, use objects. H Yes. H Okay. Roll a strength check. H Fuck yeah. You knock it, and it goes (clatter). It's stretching, it's skidding across their deck, because their ship is still moving a little bit in relation to yours, but there is a temporary bridge there that you can use. He's a boy. He's a tiny child. H Okay. Great. That is an action. You roll versus insight. H 17. He rolls a natural 20. You try to make him go berserk, and he looks down at you, but through the cannon smoke and the chaos, he can't even really get a good glimpse of you, so it just fails. I don't have another platform, but-- Oh, Jesus. Oh, forget it. Just imagine he's up a bit. Look at that! What on Earth? Yes, ma'am. Okay, that's your turn, Scarecrow. Next is Goldilocks. The bridge? No. Okay, great. So out of nowhere, a crossbow appears in Goldilocks' hand. As you aim, you notice that this one also has glasses. Little parted hair, right in the middle. Let's find out. Shoot away. Roll a d20, add your attack bonus. Great. So roll for damage. That definitely hits. Two plus something? A crossbow bolt slams into his shoulder. He screams out (whimper), but he's still alive, he's just pretty badly hurt. That was Goldilocks. It is now the scared one's turn. Does he get to resist? Shake off the menace? I'm going to say he does. And he rolled very well. He is no longer frightened of you, Scarecrow, and so he is going to turn around and come back towards you, Scarecrow. Yes, he is. But I don't think he can use his action, because he used it to shake off the effect. And next is the guy you just shot. Twin 2. He is going to shoot back down at you, Goldilocks, because you're right there, and he rolled a 12 to hit. One round. We're at the top of the second round, so no, it doesn't. He rolled a 12. Did he hit you? With your AC of--? So no! He throws a rock at you. The rock misses you and goes into the water behind you. That's the end of their turn. Peter Pan, you are up. From this edge of the ship, you're about 20 feet. And from way over there, I don't know, 50? 20. Okay, so we see in slow motion, Peter Pan, it almost looks like flying. He takes off into the air, does this move, looks back at you guys to make sure you're watching, does a little bit of a flip and lands. Three-point landing, super cool, on the deck of the ship. That's either Nibs or the first twin. Okay. Sure. Yes, you pull out a length of rope. Hold on one second, I'm looking up Sleep. When does it break? So he's still asleep as you tie him up. He is now tied up and unable to move. Great, good job, Peter. That's the end of your turn? Yeah? Okay. Wendy or the Queen or the Hatter. Who wants to go? The boat is still moving, yes, but ever so slightly. The bridge seems to have slowed it down a little bit. You're going to hit the mast. What's your movement? You can get to the mast, and you hit it hard. Yes, that hits the mast. Oh, wow. That's 24 points of damage to the mast. What are you hacking with? So the scepter is causing huge chunks of wood to fly out of the mast. The whole thing is shaking. It does not collapse. Twin number two up there at the top gets shaken off of the top but manages to grab on with his natural 20 and is holding with his-- He's got a bolt sticking out of this arm and with this arm he's holding on. He is still up there. He did not fall off. Sure, like a grapple? All right, So Wendy-bird flies over and grabs the child. Roll for a grapple. Of course. He's got one arm and he's using the other to hold on. You know what, you roll with advantage instead of him rolling with disadvantage. Sure. That's enough. He's like this. You're a giant eagle. You pick him up. You have him in your claws but you're not causing him any damage, right? The Hatter? The Crazy Hatter, what would you like to do? This guy's on fire. H Hatter, would you like to do anything else? You can see one combatant who's out on the deck. He's over here, and you can also see this guy in the eagle's claws. Okay, yes, you can just see. Go ahead and cast your Firebolt. That's what you add to your roll, spell attack bonus. You hit him for sure. Roll your damage. That guy dead. A bolt of fire comes out of the Mad Hatter's body. Hand? Out of his boutonniere a bolt of fire streaks across the ship, striking the child dead in the heart. He looks stunned for a second and then collapses, dead, or at least severely unconscious right there. H Sure. What reaction? H That was the Hatter. Queen of Hearts, you've gone. Wendy's gone. Everyone's gone, it's back to the top of the round. Scarecrow, it's your move, but all of them are sleeping, dead, or incapacitated. You notice that this ship is starting to move away and the bridge is starting to collapse. You probably have a second or two before the bridge falls and you fall into the water. Scarecrow, what would you like to do? Oh, you're already on the ship. You're okay. H You run over to the gangplank and pull as hard as you can, trying to get your friends on board the ship with you. Roll for strength. H You definitely pull it, but it gets to about there and then falls into the water. Goldilocks and the Hatter, roll dexterity saves. Is that a cricket in the studio? Goldilocks holds on easily to the gangplank and watches as the Hatter slides by her. You needed to hold on for yourself. I'll say you can reach out with your foot and Hatter, you can make one more acrobatics check to see if you can grab onto the foot. Her slipper has salt water on it, your hand slides off and you are now in the water. You get one action and you get a bonus action where you can hit someone with your hand because you're a monk. H Sorry. H We are still in initiative because there's a guy. It is not his turn, it's Goldilocks' turn. You would have to climb back onto the ship first. You can probably get to about there, but I don't know what your healing powers are, Goldilocks. You don't have any. You can say nice things to him. You can use your dash action to get all the way to the kid, and now you can talk to him. So as you say all this to this young child you see out of the corner of his eyes blood is dripping out of his eyes because he is super dead. Sure! Okay, that was Goldilocks. We're up to the twin who is currently grappled. He's going to try to ungrapple. Ooh, he rolled a 19. What's your strength, Wendy? I think he breaks your grapple. Yeah! He's free and going to run away. As that child runs away, he runs right past Goldilocks. Goldilocks, as he is crossing in front of you, you have an attack of opportunity. You can hit him as he goes. If you'd like to, or grab him. Okay, roll for an attack! H As he runs by, (panicked breathing) he gets hit in the back of the head, falls down also unconscious. Down but not dead! At this point the gangplank has fallen away, the ship is still moving away. That was Goldilocks. Peter's turn? Wait, did we do Peter? Okay, go for it, Peter. There's definitely rope. There's the main sheet is dangling down from the mast. There's also coils of rope on the floor that you can get. Okay. So Peter Pan either speaks, or sings, or plays-- The words are so inspiring that you get an extra d6 dice that you can add on to your next roll-- Because you feel so inspired by Peter Pan's words. Sure, it is now your turn, and yes you have an action, a movement, and a bonus action. Yes! So before Peter Pan finishes his words of inspiration. Poof. Mad Hat-- I'm sorry, The Hatter is standing right next to Peter-- Looking thankfully, gratefully, into Peter Pan's eyes-- H You did cause it so you know that he is suffering. You don't have time to get all the-- Yeah, we're out of initiative now, the fight is over-- Oh yeah, that's right. So, yes, things are calm, everyone is either asleep or dead, so you can take a couple of turns and walk over there. Is there a particular spell attached to that lullaby or is it just a nice song? You guys can take a short rest. Short rest would be like 20 or 25 minutes of-- Yes, Molly? Cure Wounds is what? 1d8 plus three or something like that? Yeah, he's dead. Just roll to see if luck shines on you. The kid coughs. And passes out again. A short rest is 25 minutes long. Sure. He's very faintly breathing. His pulse is almost at a standstill. Someone else would have to do something very quickly in order to save him. H Anyone can act, yes. We're out of battle. Okay. So you're playing a jaunty ditty or a beautiful ballad? Okay. So it's Enya or something. So why don't you roll a d6-- And everyone within earshot regains four hit points because of the beauty of the pan flute H The boy comes to. He seems to be just okay. Yes, Nibs-- Wait, no, was this Slightly or Nibs? Slightly was the dead one! Yeah, no, this is Slightly. H He's looking real rough, but he is alive. Blood still covers his face. You also notice that he stinks, all these sleeping boys have the worst body odor. They are unkempt, wild eyed. The crisis is averted. Calm settles over the ship-- Sure. They're all tied to the mast, all in a circle, just like the Peter Pan book. Do you want to wake them up? Oh, yes! So a minute has passed, they all come to, they're all tied up. "What are we doing? What are you doing? Why did you two break up?" "I know, but in Neverland time moves differently! We never grow up! We just want a "mama--" One of the kids starts crying. "We need someone to take care of us, and ever since you broke up, Neverland's turned to shite." "You have to believe to get there." (crying) "You killed our friend!" "Oh, that's right." "Are you saying that there's a chance you might be able to get back together?" "So it was our fault?" (crying) That's great. As you glance back to the old S.S. Public Domain, you catch the final glimpses of the stern of it as it vanishes beneath the water, sunken. H Debris litters the open ocean, but not a single survivor is visible. You do spot, way in the distance, a small lifeboat carrying a large figure, furiously paddling away from the wreckage. You also notice that the helm of the Jolly Roger is spinning back and forth, pilotless. Your vessel is drifting aimlessly in the water. You have no direction. What would you like to do? So Peter's going to go up to the helm. Take it and roll a survival check, please. Sure, you've stolen-- Advantage, why not? Well, what did you roll? Sure, man. You straighten out the boat. That's it. You are going straight. Do an investigation check. Noelle, will you point to investigation on his page? H Yes, you do. Natural 20, okay. Great, so you look around the room. Any sign of food or clothing has been picked clean. Also, a lot of the paper has been ruined. It seems like they've been using some of the navigational maps to wipe their ass after they go number two. So a lot of the paper is gone. You do find-- You find one piece of paper that looks really interesting. But it's all ripped up to shreds. (exclamations) H It's in two pieces. Oh shit, that part's all together! Thank you. It is definitely covered in fecal matter. One fell on the floor. H Sorry. Also, H, you find a couple of items in there. H You find these two things in the ship. Peter, as you are steering the ship, you notice that if you were to turn about 30 degrees to the right, you might be able to intercept that lifeboat. Roll another survival check with advantage. So you definitely pilot the craft easily, and as you approach the lifeboat, you see the large form of the Beast furiously paddling away from the action. What would you like to do? You are going to attack the Beast? Sure, sure, sure. Yeah, go ahead. Roll for an attack. You definitely hit the ship. Roll for damage on the boat. This is a boat, not a ship. I know sailing terms. Belle does not exist. Beauty exists, the public domain character. You do not see Beauty anywhere. Okay, the front of his lifeboat explodes with magical fire. You definitely got his attention, he turns to you and says "Oh, oh, are you not a pirate? Oh, please save me, please save me, we "were being attacked." It takes a couple of minutes, but he uses the boat to climb up and get onto the deck with you. I guess you found the Scarecrow and you're helping him put this puzzle back together? I'm just perceiving that, I think, some of your pieces go to his, and his go to yours. They must have gotten mixed up my bag. Don't worry, it will be great. The Beast approaches Peter and Wendy and Goldilocks who are standing on the deck and says "Oh, am I pleased to see you lot. Let me assure you that you will "all be given refunds from the Storybook Love Singles Cruise Limited Liability Corporation, in "the form of credits you can use on future cruises. Are the pirates alive? Are we okay? Are we safe?" "What are you talking about? Did I kill-- I don't have a pirate ship" "I don't know, I left her at the ship with you." "I was just--" "I didn't know what to do. I was frightened, my men had all died, and I apologize. I didn't "mean to put you in peril, but I had nothing--" "Is she okay?" Zone of Truth, go ahead. What is that and what does it do? Okay, your spellcasting DC is what? Okay, hold on. I'm looking up. No, that's okay, let me find the Beast's stats. You said 14 was your-- And it's versus charisma saving throw. Okay, what did you say it was? As you cast the spell, he looks at you oddly. His eyes seem to shrink back for a moment, and then he looks at you again, harder, and says "What are you trying to do to me?" It does not work. Yes, charisma saving throw. I love how I accidentally got rid of half of our players. Sorry, guys! Wait what? No, it does not. You cannot add it to a spellcasting ability. Just an insight check, right? Okay, roll a d20 and add your insight to that. Yeah, you got it. You can tell that he is not telling you the whole story. Sure, you can ask him a question. "Unfortunately, yes, it was troubled before the cruise. I was looking at this voyage as a way "to mend our broken bonds. We have been spending a lot of time apart, and actually this is the first "cruise that she's agreed to come on in a long time. I was hoping--" H "I suspected as much. I thought she was cheating on me, but I thought that we could "reconcile our differences. I had no idea who it was, I had no idea it was Captain Jeremy Hook." "Where?" "Oh my god!" "He did not attack our vessel?" "Oh god!" The Beast vomits over the side of the deck. The Beast just vomited, you can see his skin is ashen, he drops to his knees and starts sobbing into his hands. All right. Let me find out how that works. Okay, I will see-- I've got to roll against that. You are marking off all your spells right? Sure you are. Okay, yes. So you hear a voice inside your head that is not your own voice, it's the Beast's voice. The Beast is saying to himself "My god, I can't believe after all these years, she was "cheating on me... with him. He's such a fucking asshole, the way he parades around with his big "ship and his little helper man Smee, what a fucking asshole. I should have killed him when I "had the chance." That's all you hear. If you would like to probe deeper, you can. As an action, you just say, "I want to probe deeper." Your spell DC is 14. H Peter, right before he pushed you, you had heard the Beast say, in his interior monologue, you had heard him say, "I know what I must do now and it will be glorious--" And that's all you heard before Scarecrow pushed you over. Well, no one's asking you anything. Just roll a d20, add your charisma save. Her spell DC is 14, right? So that affects you. So you have to tell the truth if someone talks to you for the next minute. Just roll a d20, add your charisma save, see if you are telling the truth, which (whispering) he always is, guys. H Okay. The crisis is averted, calm settles over the ship. So you found the thing, Beast is crying. What would you guys like to do? You're drifting at sea. I love it. The Beast composes himself, wipes the tears from his face and says, "I don't know "what to do now, but we must get to a port. From the looks of this vessel, we don't have any "provisions. We can't possibly go back the way we came; the trade winds will-- it'll take days. "Might I suggest that we continue on to Pleasure Island, which is a half day's journey, and when we "get there, my employees will be waiting for us. Food will be there, medical attention-- we could "do something with these disgusting children all about." "All right." So as you all sit down to dine in this-- H Yes. As he's feeding-- the Beast is taking a rest in the captain's quarters. You guys are all on deck with the boys. Scarecrow's pulling food out of his chest and feeding it to you and to the boys. Everyone's taking a nice break and relaxing, the sun slowly setting in the horizon. You guys have figured out the general direction of where to go, using the bits of maps and also Beast's knowledge of the seas and being there before. He said before he took a nap that it would take ten or 12 hours to get there. So as night fades on the ship, we're going to take a quick break and we'll be back in a few minutes. Stay tuned at the break for-- yes? Okay. Great! Stay tuned in the break. There's going to be a giveaway, so watch that. You guys will go outside and have a little beverage or whatever. We'll be back in five or ten minutes with more fun on the high seas. Hurray! (cheers and applause) [break] And that everyone got to see it. Welcome back to the second half of the show! I'm Sam Riegel, your host for this special Critical Role one-shot with fabulously funny guests. Keep in mind, tonight, our sponsor is Star Wars Battlefront II, available tomorrow on all sorts of platforms. There was a winner in chat. SenzuEffect is the winner. Congratulations, SenzuEffect! You won, I don't know what kind, but one of these things. Yeah. Wyrmwood. H What have you been using? Yeah, they know. Wyrmwood Gaming. Okay. As we last left, you were on the Jolly Roger ship, sailing into the horizon, looking for Pleasure Island. You had just faced a gang of pirate children, The Lost Boys. Defeated and restrained them. You were eating some food out of Scarecrow's chest, resting, as the sun faded into nighttime. The stars peeking through the clouds overhead are just enough to keep the ship on its path to Pleasure Island. An hour goes by, two. A sense of boredom eventually creeps over the ship. Finally, the Beast has risen from his nap and addresses you all, and says, "Friends, "please. I must apologize for how I behaved earlier. It came as a shock to me to find out that "my wife was dead, and that she was cheating on me with Captain Hook. So I took a hit, but I'm okay "now. I appreciate you all being there for me." "I'm not a hundo percent yet." "Are you--?" H "May I ask you all a rather strange question?" "Will you humor me? I'm having doubts, everyone. I'm starting to think that love is a "lie. I could use a little bit of a boost." "No, not like a hand job." "I have two dicks! This is great!" H Oh, god. H "While we sail to Pleasure Island, before we take our rest for the evening, could you please "help me pass the time and get my mind off of things by proving me wrong? By proving that love "still does have a chance? Back on the S.S. Public Domain right about now, we would all be playing "this silly dating quiz game that I invented. It would warm my heart if you would let me guide you "through it here. Give me a sense of normalcy." The Beast definitely responds to the petting and gives you a little bit of a purr and says, "Thank you for understanding." "I love this. I could feel this all night. This is really good. But what do you say? Just to "pass the time?" H "All right, here's the rules. I'll ask a question about one of the ladies, which the "gentlemen-- Peter Pan, I'm including you in that-- can buzz in to answer." "Then I'll switch and ask the ladies a question about the men. Points will be awarded. "The winner gets to pick a companion to spend seven minutes in heaven with, in the romance lounge-- "oh, we don't have that on this ship. In the galley. We'll say, in the galley of the ship. Yes." "So, are you ready to play?" "We'll see if you win the quiz, first, before we get into your gender preference. And we are "gender blind on this cruise line. Anything goes, right?" "Sure. Species, whatever." I'm going to give you an inspiration die bonus for that. On your next roll, you can add a d6 to your next roll. Puns will be rewarded. All right. "Men! Gentlemen! That's the Hatter, "Peter--" I'm going to take away that die. And it's gone. "Scarecrow. Based on your previous answers, "which lady described her last relationship as a 'summer fling with a mermaid'? Anyone care to buzz "in? Only the men can buzz in. One of the men?" "Correct! One point for Peter Pan!" "Wendy! Goldie! Queenie! This question is for you. Someone buzz in. Which gentleman listed as "his pet peeve, 'clocks?' Goldie buzzed in first." "Correct! One point for Goldilocks! Men! The question was, 'Where's the strangest place you've "'ever made love?' Her answer was, 'In some random guy's house in the woods, because breaking and "'entering is hot.' Peter buzzed in first." Well, you hit something first. "Correct! Peter Pan, with two points. Ladies! Which fella says that he 'only ever wears some "'leaves to bed?' Wendy?" "Correct! Men, which lady fantasizes about marrying a man so she can own more land? "Scarecrow?" H "Correct." "Ladies, which bachelor said his goal was 'to find a monogamous relationship, but only "'monogamous for them, not for me?'" "Peter Pan again! You seem to know Peter very well." "Wow. Maybe there's more to explore there!" "Men, which lady described her sex life as 'not hold, not cold, just tepid?' Hatter?" "Correct! We've got the Scarecrow with two points, right? No. One point. Shit." Peter's got two points? Wendy's got two? Shit, I've miscounted the points! Fuck it! H "Couple more questions. Women, which gentleman said his last relationship was being "married to an ocelot?" "Incorrect! You lose a point, Goldilocks. An ocelot, until he found out his spouse was cheating "on him with a shark." "Incorrect! Yes, Goldie?" "Correct, you got a point back. Fellas, which lady's ideal mate is someone magical, or several "magical someones at the same time?" "Wendy, you are on fire. Wendy's into the kinky shit." "Three more questions, guys. Ladies, which man said the strangest place they'd ever made love "was, and I quote, 'There was a local munchkin who used to come to my corn field and suck me off. "'Does that count?' Goldilocks! What you got, Goldie?" "Correct. Scarecrow." H "Boys, which girl's ideal mate is 'a small man?'" H "And finally, ladies, which gentleman goes to sleep wearing a wooden pole up his ass?" "Goldie?" "Scarecrow." "Wendy Darling is the winner of our quiz. At least, that's what I wrote down! Got lost in the "middle, not going to lie. Wendy, you probably did. So, as tie, we'll say you tied. Would you both "like to go spend seven minutes in heaven, or would you like to pick different partners to go with you?" "There's an ice room in the back that they can also use." "How many points did you have?" "Okay, you both tied. So if you'd like to, I'll let the lady go first. Wendy, you can pick a "mate to ask to join you. They do not have to say yes." All right, the Beast escorts you to the galley, a candle-lit kitchen with sticky floors that smells of rotten milk. In no world would it ever be romantic. There are pots hanging from the ceilings, grease stains on the walls. He leaves you there in peace. Wait, the Hatter's with you? Okay, there's a little man standing in the corner watching you. Beast is also there. Beast knocks on the door and says, "All right! Six minutes left!" "Just kidding, one minute left! Try to wrap it up!" Oh! Do you resist? All right. The kiss is long. The waifish Peter Pan grabs the tiny, weird-looking halfling, Hatter, and plants a long, hard kiss on him. He does not resist. Instead, he wraps his arms around Peter's waist and brings him in closer. Tongues are slipped. It goes on for an uncomfortable 12 seconds and then breaks. Oh! Do you resist? All right! Another equally long kiss. Descends into some light necking and ear-nibbling. Wendy is taller than the Hatter, so she has to scoop down to get to him. H Grapple him? Okay. Roll an attack. Roll a strength save. H No, you definitely grab him and can do with him as you please. Yeah, because he's just straw. There's nothing down there. H "No! No, this is not what I wanted! This is an exploration of love! Please, please, we don't--" "Queen, I admire your romantic instincts, but this is not the time or place to--" H "I'm uncomfortable! There's other people in the room! I'm trying to create a safe space here." "If you guys want to pursue this, I'm not going to stop you, but please find a stateroom "somewhere to do this in private. Please." "Why don't you retire? You guys can take the captain's quarters if you'd like, but not right "here. We're at the bottom of a foot of stairs next to a kitchen, and we're all watching you. It's "kind of gross." "Did you--? Oh boy." "Oh god." H "Sorry. I didn't know, I'm sorry." H "I was, but that did not come anywhere close to renewing." H The Beast starts crying again. "All right, well, thank you for humoring me, I guess." Yeah, you're still in the galley. Actually, if you all, everyone in the galley, can you roll a perception check real quick? As you watch them make out, you notice behind them there is something up on a shelf that was too high for the Lost Boys to find. It seems like a little vial of potion or something. You grab it down. Wendy, as you see the box of stale cereal, you also see something tucked behind it, a little bit shiny. You have this item now. Yep. Feel free to use it whenever. If you would like to, you can try to use it for something. Sure. You get this too. Okay. Can you read your item, just so we know what it does? It's an Amy Vorpahl sword. This sword is just a normal sword, but Amy Vorpahl talks to you. That's it. Okay, one hit point gone. The night stretches on and everyone starts to feel tired and finds places to curl up for a night's slumber. Does anyone else want to do anything before you guys go to sleep for the night? Yeah, you can put it on. H. Suspenders of Disbelief is a thing that I just made up. Is it? Oh god, I should know that! So you are now wearing colorful rainbow suspenders over your burlap sack clothing. No, you don't know what it does, but he knows what it does and that's all you need to know. She is really singularly focused. In bed. All right, you all find-- Do you read them a bedtime story? They're begging for it. They love you. "Thank you so much, kind sir! Papa!" I'm not sure he sleeps. H. Okay, roll a sleight of hand check. Vorps, show her where sleight of hand is. Okay, roll a perception check. With advantage, so that means you can roll twice and take the better roll, because it's your fucking chest. H. You definitely feel her reaching into your chest cavity. Can you what? Bite him? Fight? You can attack him, sure. Okay, go ahead and, you have a spell DC? Oh no, that's a melee attack, because you have to touch him. Roll a d20, add your spell attack modifier. Vorpahl, help her. His AC is lower than that. Yes, you definitely hit. Roll a damage roll. Seven, okay. You are stunned for a second as a bolt of electricity shoots from her hand into your arm and up into your neck. You kind of spasm out for a second. She grabs your chocolate out of your chest. I guess, do you have chocolate in there? H. So you get, like, some gorp. You use your movement to dart away. You can chase after her. H. Yes. He's a monk. These are ki points. H. No, you don't get advantage. It's a sneak attack round. What does that do? Molly, what does a sneak attack round do? Does he get advantage on it? Sure, advantage on your first attack. H. Just advantage, so you roll twice to see if you hit the first time. H. So you definitely hit her. Roll for damage. H. Yes, for an unarmed strike, d4. Plus two, I think. H. Sure, why not? H. Okay, so that's three, so that's six. H. No, it's after that. I think it's a 1d4 plus two. So you've gotten six points of damage so far. You can take three more attacks. No, you have to roll that d20 three more times to see if you hit each time. H. That's not going to hit. Wait, her AC is 16? You have a plus five to hit, or a plus four? Noelle, help. Unarmed strike. H. You do hit. Yes, that hits. H. It's 1130 PM. Yes, correct. H. Yeah, roll for damage. H. Yep, that's it, just four. You're at 18 right now, according to what you've been telling me. H. That's going to crit so roll your damage and double it. H. You just took 22 points of damage. Are you alive? Before you attack back, where were you guys? Had you all gone to sleep yet? So you hear a scuffle and can go to investigate, but it will take you a little bit to get there. You're running over to the melee. Peter and Wendy, where are you guys? You found a hammock and rolling there. He's asleep and he's loving it. Okay, go ahead, Goldilocks, and attack back if you care to. H. What, what is that? H. You almost just did. H. Okay it's Goldilocks' turn, he just whaled on you with his floppy arms, you got hit every which direction, you don't know what's going on. Goldie, what are you doing? You can summon it-- well you can't summon it now because you just used your bonus action. Roll for attack. Roll a perception check, with disadvantage because you are asleep. For sure, you hit. You are waking up and walking over. H, it's your turn. H. You don't know! She's looking a little black and blue. H. You can hit both of them with that for sure. Against 15, no, 13. Okay, saving throw. Help him, Noelle. I put him next to you because you're good at this! H. Magical vines come up from the floor and wrap around your feet. You both are like, "What the "fuck?" and you step out of it. You're not entangled, but the ground around you is difficult to move on, you can't really move forward or backwards too much. It's awkward and confusing to you. The heat of the fight dies down a little bit because you are distracted. What would you like to do now? It is your turn. As you part, everyone very eventually finds their way to a bed or something. H You fall asleep, gaining all of your hit points back again. And all your spells. Okay, the Beast does not notice. He feels a warm arm on him and feels nice all night. You guys have a nice slumber through the night, the rocking sea lulls you into a nice, calm rest. All hit points and spells are regained, you're back to normal again. And you sleep for about six to seven hours, and are jolted awake suddenly as the Jolly Roger slams into something. One of the Lost Boys. Let's say, for the sake of brevity, you guys took turns, fuck it. You run to the deck to investigate, and see that you've actually run aground on a sandy beach. Clouds have moved in overhead, it's an overcast day, making everything a little bit difficult to-- not difficult to see, but just casting a grey hue on everything. You are definitely on an island. The Beast runs up and says, "I cannot believe our good fortune, we're here. This is Pleasure Island." He rolls out a rope ladder and begins climbing down to the beach excitedly. "It's right up here. Our "singles' party headquarters, this is where we are going to do the all-night mixer, the limbo party-- "oh, it would've been so fun-- the fire walk. Inside, there is this amazing hot coal path. To "prove you're really in love, a couple has to walk across the hot coals and kiss in the center, it's "very romantic. Come, come." And he starts dashing up the beach. Insight, oh, perception, go for it. Go for it, yeah, perception, yeah. This is good. Okay, as far as you can see, there's a treeline up at the top of the dunes, and nothing much beyond it. H Okay, go ahead and roll. Yeah, he seems genuinely excited to be here, and you haven't seen him smile like this since he found out his wife was cheating on him and dead. All right, so he's darting across the beach, what do you guys want to do? Hatter climbs down the rope ladder and starts moving across the sand. "Woohoo! The ship is ours!" The smart one, Curly, steps forward and says, "We don't really know what you want us to do, but "why don't we sit here with the ship until you come back?" He smiles at you; he loves it. The Beast has now disappeared into the treeline. Okay! Hatter's the only one who still sees him disappearing into the forest. You're flanking. H You go into the treeline. It's very dense brush. It's jungly, it's hard to make your way through. You're fast, and you cut through the underbrush as fast as you can. Hatter is still following Beast. Roll a survival check, Hatter. Those are not Wyrmwood dice, those are Travis' dice. Go for it. Sure, survival, you got it. You expertly track him as you go through the jungle, following his every turn. You guys all following? NOELLE and Yes? Okay. Everyone's following. You make your way-- You get them off the ship, tie them to trees? They're very weak from exhaustion, they just let it happen. Everyone besides Wendy is following the Beast. Wendy is for sure lost. You can use survival to try to track their footprints. So you think you found a couple footprints and a broken twig and you're following it. The rest of you are following the Beast. He's saying, "Right up this way! Keep up!" Up ahead, the jungle has grown very dense, it's dark in here almost like nightfall because there's no sun overhead. You're drawn to the dim red glow of a building. It's not lit by torches or anything like that, this red glow comes from inside the building and shines faintly through the walls, the cracks, the windows. Everything has this red glowing hue to it. You're also met with a powerful, pungent odor. The strong warm scents of candy chocolate, vanilla, ginger and apple, caramel and sugar, nougat, even custard. As you draw closer, you see why this building is actually a massive gingerbread house. The Beast explains, "We inherited the house from Hansel, may he rest in "peace, and Gretel's witch. She donated it to the company after we found ehr a husband, nice guy named Gary. "Their wedding was really sweet. Anyway, we'll find help inside, my people are in there." As you get closer an arrow whizzes by Peter Pan's head. Another arrow shoots by the Scarecrow's head and impacts in a tree next to the Queen. The Beast calls up ahead, "Oh no, hold your fire! These are "friends." He turns to you all and says, "You know what? Wait here at the door. Let me go inside and "make sure nothing dangerous happens. They weren't expecting us until late today, so they're probably "on edge. We have new security that we've hired. Let me go in and make sure everything's all "right." He disappears into a large wooden door, slams it behind him. What would you like to do? Insight? Sure. The Beast's got fur, but weirdly, he's sweating. Sweat is pouring off of his eyebrows and he seems really nervous about something. As he's talking, you cast Detect Thoughts. I think it's your spell DC, which is 14, right? He rolled an 18. His pupils dilate, but he shakes off the-- Oh, you're right! Yes! You can definitely sense his surface thoughts. His surface thoughts are, "I've got to "go. I've got to get inside and talk to Jack right away." We've rolled against that and resolved the roll. You are not able to probe any deeper than that. Roll another survival check. Weirdly, you come up around the back of this building. You're drawn to the nougat and caramel smell. You can see your friends around the side of the building. You make your way up to them. You are rejoined. H The gingerbread house is mostly a one-story building. It is very large. Candy adorns the walls. There are lollipops, beautiful trickling chocolate that has hardened over the side. There are two turrets that have little slits for archers to peek through on both sides of the house. They seemed to have come from those little slits, but you can't see who's in there. Sure. What do you want to look at? You don't see any other people around other than them. Weirdly, there's a discarded bag in the forest and you open the bag and find something in it. Sorry. It's weird, it's a small piece of fabric. Yes, you do. A moment or two goes by, the Beast still hasn't come back. From inside-- yes, Hatter? Absolutely. You lick the door and find that it is dark chocolate and cherry. They are sugar-glass windows. There are two or three of them around the side of the building. From inside the gingerbread house, you hear a female scream and male laughter. Also, someone cursing in Italian. You're going to smash the window? Just roll. Wendy grabs your arm and your strike goes errant and hits the gingerbread and knocks off a chunk of gingerbread. It's a piece of fabric, what, six feet wide? The piece of fabric adheres to the side of the gingerbread house and all of a sudden the gingerbread melts away, revealing a hole six feet in diameter. Ten feet. It's through the gingerbread, which is about six inches of wall. There's now a hole into this building that you can look. It's dim inside, but glowing red. Would you like to go in, peer in, what would you like to do? This is what you can do with all of your kids' Legos. You do not go in through the front door. Instead, you're going to come over here. There's a hole here and you guys are going in. Who's going first? H Who does? Wendy's going first. That's Wendy right there. Who's next? Who else? We're going to say you go over here. Scarecrow and Pete. I'm going to say this is Peter Pan. They look like gumdrops. You're over here with a bunch of candy. H Roll a strength check. His spider pill gives him Spider Climb, so he's walking up the side of the wall like Spider-Man would. H You're knocking on it. It takes some time. You're up there working on it. I'll put you up there for now. You walk in. Where am I? The main hall is dimly lit, shadows streaking across the walls making it hard to identify much. As you get closer, you see the source of the light a large, 20-foot long track in the center of the room, red with glowing, blistering embers. It is the hot coal path. Warmth emanates across the room. On the opposite side of the room, over here, these guys over here are ice sculptures. Three ice sculptures. Let's see here, who's closest? Goldilocks, make a quick perception check. That's fine, that'll do it. Their faces are in agony, but they've been positioned together in a way that makes them look like they're locked in romantic poses. Then you see four more ice sculptures, or-- no, they're not complete. Glowing with purple magical energy, you see that they are living human beings in various stages of being frozen. You recognize the frozen face of Robin Hood, weak and exhausted Baba Yaga, and there's Gepetto, his lower half frozen solid. Stepping out from the back room is a large, hulking blue creature. This is him right here. Boop. With icy eyes and icicles hanging off his hands. He is laughing to himself. He opens his mouth and projects ice breath onto Baba Yaga. She screams in agony. You also see, lit by the glowing embers, the Beast standing casually behind the fiery coal pathway. He's holding something. It's a face. He is roasting the severed head of Captain Hook over the intense heat of the coals. He calmly takes a bite out of it like an apple. He's muttering to himself. "Never laughed "at my jokes, always embarrassed me, and now this?" He looks up at you and sees you because you are in plain sight and says, "Oh, hello. Oops. You've caught me. Hi. Yes. This whole thing has been my "doing. Beauty filed for divorce a while ago, leaving me no choice but to send her to the bottom "of the sea. And now to learn that she was cheating on me with Hook, it proves me right. On behalf of "the Storybook Love Cruise Line, I formally apologize for sinking your ship. Sorry. But you "see, you paid for a service, and I've given you want. You all wanted true love, unfortunately, as "we've learned, true love is a lie. After the ooey gooey part ends, all you're left with is pain and "misery. So I'm just cutting out the middleman. Singles cruises are for pathetic, stupid people "who all wind up sad and alone. And I refuse to be a part of the lie any longer. Along with my friend "Jack Frost over there, we've started a new business changing you ugly love birds into "beautiful statues. My wife turned my heart to ice, and now I will do the same to every lover I meet." Go ahead and roll for initiative as he roars at you furiously. Roll for initiative. What you got? Noelle? Yes, Mol? And Hatter? This is Beast. Yes. That's Jack Frost over there. That's all you can see right now; it's pretty dark. Shit! Where's my Beast shit? Where is he? Here he is. Beast is going to roar at you guys. He is not going to move. He's going to hold his attack until someone gets closer. Top of the round. Scarecrow and Queen of Hearts, who wants to go first? H Sure, you can get closer to him, but you won't be able to attack. You get right up. Do you want to go around the coals? Right through them! You get right up to the coals. Roll a dexterity save. Okay, good. Are you resistant to anything? You take two points of fire damage as you start to run into the coals. You are within range, he attacks you with his spear. He's going to throw a spear at you. He only rolled a seven. His spear flies away from him and clatters across the stone ground. Yes. Scarecrow, it's your turn. H His back is to you right now; he's not looking out the window. H Well, he won't see you. He may hear you as you crash through the window. H You won't be able to do anything from outside. H You're trying to get in. You tried on the last roll and it didn't work. H You can use your action to break the glass, sure. H Sure, go for it. H You rolled a four? H Take another attack because you get a bonus action as monk, right? H You're hitting it with your hand, yeah. H Yeah, you hit it. It's glass. Yes. Roll for damage. H One pane shatters. You're trying to start wiggling your way in and you get about halfway in. H Okay! Wait, those were your actions. H Action can be either attack or doing something significant like trying to break a window. But you need to get in there, so you did good. You have your straw points that you can use if you really wanted to. H You're staying outside, just out of range. H Jack Frost turns around and hears something, but doesn't see you. Great. That was your turn. Second turn is Jack Frost. He does not see Scarecrow, so instead he's going to move right past Peter Pan who is this pack of Smarties, not noticing him. He's going to attack with his ice breath against you two. Shit, shit, shit! Frost breath. Wendy and Mad Hatter. Yeah. Make a dexterity saving throw. You both dodge out of most of the frosty blast's range. You only take two points of damage and you feel a chill come across you as ice coats your eyebrows and makes you all shivery. H That is his action and his movement and that's it for him. Next is Peter Pan! What would you like to do? Far. Like 40, 50 feet. Okay! 55. It's a big ass room. 48 feet? Oh because it's your-- As soon as this thing of gumdrops starts moving, it jumps across. I think Disguise Self is concentration? So you lose concentration and in mid-air turns into a sort of flying Peter Pan. It kind of looks like he's flying, he does a cool spin move and he lands right here next to the Beast. No, that was your action and your movement. You have a bonus action! I don't know what you can do as bonus. Bonus actions are usually healing things for bards. You can inspire someone. Peter looks over at you with fire burning in his sort of handsome, small man eyes. He looks so hot and sexy that the Queen shudders and swoons and gets an extra d6 to her next roll. The next up is the Beast. He's going to turn to you Peter and take his first attack, rolled a natural one. He bites at you, but you're so small and fast that he misses. He takes his claw at you, rolls a seven and it takes a chuff of hot coals and he misses you. That is his turn. He's going to move, though. He's going to move. No, he's not scared of you fuckers. He's not going to move at all. He's going to stay there and roar at you. (roars) That's his move. That's the Beast. Next is Goldilocks. Sure, it's a shortsword, we'll say. Hey, what was your initiative roll? Shit, I skipped you. Yes, you can. That's Halloween candy. Sure, go ahead. H You're asking for a sword, is that's what's going on? What does the Amy Vorpahl sword say? All right, you've got a longsword and a shortsword now, you're dual-wielding. I'm gonna have to say that you used your bonus action to catch that sword, so you get one attack this round. You'll get two next round. One attack this round, and you're holding two swords, so it is a one-handed attack. Yes. You do have some bonus surge-y thing, I think. So you could have two hits, if you want. Action surge against Jack Frost, roll twice. You definitely hit. You can use luck to re-roll that, right? Aren't you lucky? Wait, what did you-- Oh, that's damage! Okay, seven points, great. Thank you. Yeah, I don't know the stats of the Vorpahl sword, but it's a standard shortsword. It's a d8 plus two? d6, we'll say d6. Great, you hit, for sure. d6 plus two. He is definitely injured, he snarls and growls at you. I skipped the Hatter, go ahead, Yuri, it's your turn. Scorching Ray, what's the range? Oh, nice! And you can target two? You can target one guy twice, if you want. I think so, you can send two bolts to one guy. I think you roll a melee attack? It's a ranged attack? So roll a d20 and add your-- this thing, plus four. Okay, roll two more times. The first one misses the Beast and starts melting the chocolate wall here. That's against the Beast? Jack Frost? That hits Jack Frost. Roll for damage. I might have it here somewhere. As you fire against Jack Frost, he opens his mouth to blast you with ice, but your fire bolt enters his mouth and his head explodes, killing him instantly. Jack Frost is dead. Where would you like to attack next? Well, it's three bolts, right? The Hershey bar melts, and this whole side of the wall starts to collapse as well. Any bonus actions? Any movements? Do you want to get closer to anybody? Okay, I don't know how I'm supposed to move, let's see here. Great. Okay, that was Hatter. We also did-- Goldilocks moved already, right? So we're to Wendy Darling. That you can see. Great. Let's do it. Against your spell DC of? It's 13? Beast wisdom saving throw. He rolled a 13. What does that mean? NOELLE and He beats it. Thank you, Amy. He shakes off the charm. It does not work. I'm so sorry. Sure. As your bonus action, why not? You're looking around. Roll a perception check. Okay. You definitely see, lurking in the shadows back there, a large, large guy. He's a-- the camera can't see, but there's a big green guy over there lurking in the chocolate. Sure. Go ahead. There's four corners of chocolate. Nobody knows where he is. From out of nowhere, this crazy character comes in and you hear a (pipe sounds). You get the sense that this guy usually plays pipes to do things to people and he's going to target the Queen. He's going to cast-- He is a half-elf. He's going to cast Crown of Madness against you. You have to roll a save. It's a wisdom save, right? I think it's wisdom. Okay. You feel the urge to hit one of your own friends. But in that moment, you shake the urge off and you're back, focused on the Beast. It does not work. As a bonus action, the Pied Piper plays a jaunty little ditty which makes the Beast oh-so-happy and inspired. Okay, that is his turn. Let me roll for the troll. The troll will be in order next. So that is the top of the round. Who is first? Scarecrow and Queen of Hearts. You guys are up. H Roll for attack twice. An 18 hits, yes. Yes, that hits. The Beast is stunned by this crazy madwoman who just dashed through fiery coals to hit him twice. He's super pissed off. He snarls at you. Scarecrow, it's your turn. H Sure. You can open the window. H Okay, so it takes ten feet to get down and then we'll say you get to about there. H You can throw it 20 feet, no problem. If you throw at 60 feet, you have to roll with disadvantage to hit. So you can hit him, but you've got to roll with disadvantage. We'll say you can just barely hit that guy. H So roll twice. Take the lower of the two. H Yes. H The dart sails up into the air and falls right about here. Just kind of shy. Your arms are not made of muscle. They are straw. They can't throw very hard. H You have bonus. Any bonus-y type of action-y or special move? H Menace would be an action, not a bonus action, I believe. H Hatter, you're up. Oh, you could also use an item, by the way, if you need it. I don't know what else you have, but you could-- (laughs) You flick your suspenders. Hatter, you're up. H Great. You probably just need to get a little bit closer. Is it 60 or 30? Doesn't matter. You get close enough to do it. You're fine. Go ahead. Versus a wisdom saving throw. What's your spellcasting ability? It's 13, I think. He rolled a seven. He does not-- Yes. He looks at this strange, funny little man wearing a funny little hat and he can't help it. He's overcome with the giggles. He starts laughing and he cannot stop. I'm looking up Tasha's Hideous Laughter right now to find out what happens. So the range is 30 feet, so have to come a little closer for that. It's okay. You did it. You're concentrating on it. He's just rolling with laughter, slapping his knees, and he falls prone and is unable to stand up. Badoinga. Okay, that was the Hatter. We're down to-- Jack Frost is dead. Peter Pan! You're going to pour the Philter of Love down the Beast's throat. Okay. What is the-- did I write down the spell DC? It just works. The Beast is confused. He's laughing hysterically, so his mouth is open. There is a thick, viscous liquid being poured down his gullet. He looks at you with strange eyes. He doesn't like the taste. He snarls at you and growls, and turns around to the Queen and smiles with love. --and starts purring at you. He's not wearing any clothing. You can see, visibly-- Always! He's a beast! Oh wait, no, he's wearing a pink leisure suit. Underneath his pink leisure suit, you see a little bulge forming on his nethers. He is charmed, and now he's in love with you. Okay, it is now the Beast's turn. Even though he fucking loves you-- --he's going to try to stop laughing. He definitely stops laughing. The feeling of love overcomes him and he shakes off the laughter. He uses half his movement to stand up. He takes his giant claws and takes a big, sweeping swing, not at you, but turning around and sweeping to attack Peter Pan, right there. Yes. He rolls a one. He misses! He's very confused right now. He tries to bite you. Oh, yes. He rolls a 20. He definitely bites you. Vicious teeth sink into you. You take, okay, hold on. You take six points of bite damage. And he is super pissed off. Yes. He sort of stands, in a way that is protecting the Queen of Hearts, with his back to her. He says, "Don't worry. You'll be safe behind me." Next up is the troll. No, it's Goldilocks. Goldilocks is next. Go ahead, Goldie. So you take your movement. As you go, you see one of the ice sculptures, Geppetto, is desperately trying to break out of his ice. He's trying to talk to you in his thick Italian accent, which I am going to attempt. "Hey! La dolce! Don't you see? He just wants love!" Okay, that's all he says as you walk by him. I like how you're having a calm, casual conversation. "Don't worry about me! Just soothe "the Beast with love!" You can get a little further. The heat from the coals is starting to burn your face. Okay, go ahead and roll an attack. You definitely hit. Roll for damage. Plus something? Two, maybe? Great, awesome. That's some damage. "Argh!" Your crossbow bolt buries itself into his thigh. He writhes in pain, but he still loves you. Next up is Wendy Darling. Let me see what he does. This guy's dead. Oh, this guy's huge. His saving throw is a two. He does not resist it at all. So the fire starts to melt the candy piles around him. He starts to slowly sink into the candy floor. He's considered grappled here, by the chocolate. (troll noises) "You didn't even find out if I was nice or not!" He seems to have blood all over him. It's probably okay. Ooh, so proud. Okay. The Pied Piper is up. The Pied Piper starts playing a stupid fucking flute. (flute dooting) He's going to try to charm you, Hatter. Yes. His DC is 13. Make a wisdom saving throw. Yep, okay. You suddenly have this unbreakable desire to do harm to the closest ally near you. You turn to the Scarecrow, fire in your eyes. H And the Pied Piper is going to give a little healing to his friend, the Beast. Okay. That's the Piper's turn. Troll is going to try to break the grapple. He succeeds. Bursts out of the chocolate! Rargh! That's his action. Next round, Scarecrow and the Queen of Hearts are up. Right at the top of the round, Scarecrow, you're close to Geppetto also. Geppetto is desperately, "Don't you see? He just needs love!" H No, you have no idea what's going on. You just saw the Mad Hatter turn to you and smile. Okay, go for it. Yes, roll, and he's going to roll against it. H He rolled an 18. He is scared of you, very scared. He sees a weird straw man with granola dribbling out of his chest. Do you rip your head apart? H He's watching this happen, playing his flute, and his jaw drops. His flute drops. He's so confused. The eyes of the Hatter flash back to life. He is fine again. All right, so he is frightened of you now. Intimidated by you. H Really is. Okay, so that's Scarecrow. Queen of Hearts? He's not resisting. He lets it happen. He's in this weird hug. He gives into it and he's hugging you back with a very loving, caring hug. You're going in for a kiss? Okay, that's the best kind. H Let's see here. He's shaking, there's a lot going on. Let's say that this is, what kind of a check is this? A kiss check! How about an animal handling check? Okay, he's not resisting, so really this is just so you can find his mouth. So you kind of climb up on him a little. He's ten feet tall, so you climb up on him with your rage strength going, your bulging biceps. You use his fur to pull up and you kiss him on the lips. He's confused. He withdraws for a second, but then you can feel his body relaxing and giving in to it. He kisses you back, his black tongue sliding into your mouth. He's really going at it with you. You can smell rotten meat, and you can kind of see some of Captain Hook's hair right here at the corner of his mouth. Do you kiss him back? Are you in it? No, I mean, are you resisting, or are you in it? The kiss continues for an uncomfortable amount of time. His tummy's good. He's got rippling 12-pack abs and he's flexing for you, because he really likes you. He's getting more into it. You're getting more into it. Weirdly, it looks romantic, lit by the coal light, the red coal light. There is dripping chocolate on the walls behind you. There's a piper playing weird, dissonant music. It's the weirdest romantic-- Yes. And in the corner, half-frozen Geppetto is saying, "Yes, yes, yes!" The coals and the fire flare with a burst of fire that fills the room with light for a second. The Beast drops to one knee, startled and stunned. He says, "No, no! Yes, yes!" He goes in for another kiss. He looks panicky. His skin is growing paler. His shoulders are slumping. He's growing weaker as he kisses you, and weaker. Finally he collapses on the ground. The troll, confused, turns and goes to eat some chocolate. Whatever magic was controlling him, the spell has been broken. The Pied Piper is looking around like, oh shit! Please don't hurt me! I'm really weak! The Beast is writhing in pain on the floor. He's alive, but in bad shape. He's still a beast, but he's curled up in a fetal position. From the entrance of the room, a woman appears, a beautiful woman in a dress. Also holding two swords, because that's all I have. She says, "Well, you did it. You found true love. "Another successful cruise." It is Beauty, all smiles, totally normal. As she talks, Beast springs back to life and dusts himself off. Sorry, knocks you over. He shakes your hand, Queen, and says, "I had a feeling. I knew it would be you! I always have a feeling, don't I, Beast? I mean, "Beauty? You should be proud! Excited! Enjoy this moment, and the many more ahead of you! For if one "thing cannot be killed, it is the immense and unrelenting force of the heart. Romance makes us "do crazy things, like sabotaging your own cruise line, but it also makes us sane! Remember this "day, whenever your queenly heart grows lonely. Or whenever your brain makes you doubt your worth. Or "when the hat on your head feels too heavy to lift. Or when you stop believing in fairy tales. Or when "you feel that life simply isn't right. Sorry, you both." "Remember that in the end, no matter what we do, true love always prevails." This is where I ran out of time to write it, so everyone stands back up. It was all a dream! I don't know, that's the end. Why not. Roll a d20. H It's dry. H And on that note, we conclude our love story. Thank you all for playing. Thank you for giving yourself to the romance. Tell me this, do you think Peter and Wendy are going to get back together? The Scarecrow and the Hatter end up together? For the next 55 minutes, he loves her. I'm sorry, Beauty and the Beast? Yeah, they're still together. They're married. Sure. I like that story. All right, well, thank you guys for coming tonight and playing this very weird game. Thank you all for watching. Thanks to our sponsors, whoever it was. Star Wars Battlefield. Mine. Battlefront. Battlefront II. Buy it with your money. What? H