Hi, Brian! Starts throwing up. He charmed us with his handsome good looks. You never forget your first. (laughter) I wanted to stay the S.H.I.T.s. Scotians. Daryl and Hannah Scotian. Yeah, the scar! Also, didn't you fall in love with some dude on the boat? Oh. I didn't know that. Get to the good stuff. Forget the boat stuff, Brian, get to the love stuff. She's picking your nose. Good reality show. You made it up! Yep. Way lower because some of us-- Good vomiting. Hi, guys! I was late. Because he did crazy shit with it all the time and weren't you marking things off the gun at that point? That's weird! Scanlan is not very perceptive, not very wise, so it took a long time to realize that something was wrong with it. I think, Matt, was there a roll associated? Did I ever insight it or something? I did. It was pretty apparent. I sat next to Taliesin for most of the campaign, so I feel like I saw him more, but I guess I didn't. I did not think that he would be upset with me at all! I thought I was doing him a big favor, getting rid of the bad thing! And he'd be like, "Aw, thanks, Scanlan!" No! He hated that! I just thought it was a good gun, I did not know it had any of those things associated with it! It's going to be so exciting. Nerve-wracking. The first session is going to just be us-- Yeah, like why is Travis talking like that? (laughter) Or just a sign that you live in New York for most of the year. Say that again, I wasn't listening as is frequent with this show. Not try to get with her? (laughter) I don't know, probably would have run away from that information. That's scary information, and not seeing her in the flesh, if he had just heard, "You got a daughter out there, she's "looking for you," he'd probably be like, "Let's go to another town." I feel like that was part of the problem. I knew all of that. (laughter) We would have been like, "Did we say something? Grog, did you say something?" Vax. Oh wait, maybe Grog. Pike! Can I ask you a question? Who was the guy you were in love with?! We are? She's ignoring me. Another, smaller box. He was so squirrely and weird! Oh, Matt! Yessir? What was in the letter that Scanlan gave to Pike? I'll just read it to you. Let's see, mm-hmm. Okay. I figured this would come up. (laughter) Jesus, this is good. (laughter) But now, as the sun sets on my life--I guess I was dying? Oh, that's right! Okay, good. But now, as the sun sets on my life, I have discovered something new. I have a daughter whose heart beats my blood and whose life is my own. And she, unlike her father, can be good and right and one day worthy of your love, which is why, on my deathbed, I leave her to you. Don't you see? This whole time I thought I was chasing a lover, but instead, I have been chasing a mother for my child. You, Pike Trickfoot, are the savior to Kaylie that I could never be. Your wisdom and honor and goodness can give her the chance at redemption that I never had. Pike, take my daughter as your own, show her the light of Sarenrae. Guide her to be a kind-hearted gnome. Teach her to be everything her father was not. That way, in death, my-- oh, man, I'm going to cry! (laughter) I haven't read that since I wrote it. That's really good! (laughter) No, 70. Yeah. Almost every session. Well, there were some off-screen, I assume. This is so exciting! For me! It was the act of dying that pushed him over the edge. He was not present for the revivify ritual, so he does not know what happened in it, not really. He heard distant voices. Yeah. Sorry, Travis. No, it was the dying. There was a long buildup to him leaving. He had discovered his daughter. It brought it front and center that he was a shithead for most of his life. The gang didn't really listen to him that much. He was doing stuff with drugs, or trying to, anyway. Then he had this terrible streak. Didn't he die twice in a row? Or get knocked out a bunch of times? He didn't even have that any more. He didn't have his mojo. Pike had said no. It was a whole big bunch of stuff that was not going well for young Shorthalt. Then to get knocked down again. He can't even help his people in battle! What use is he? He's nothing. He should have walked away. And then they made fun of him when he woke up! Oh my god! Terrible! Oh yeah. Yeah, but in the moment it seemed particularly bad. She could've probably stopped me. She's probably the only one who could've stopped me. You helped! You changed the trajectory of what I was going to do. I was just going to go off and then little Vexy said, "Why don't you go spend some time with your daughter?" And I was like, "Oh, that's a good idea." Yeah, we all know that when rich people get rich, they stop. They're like, "I'm good!" and they just are good people from then on. No idea. I assumed it would be a two or three episode dalliance and that everyone would grow tired of Taryon and he would die. Probably. He was pretty weak. Then I'd have to figure out a way to get Scanlan back. But turns out Taryon was so dashingly charming that everyone fell in love with him instantly! There was no finite plan for how to bring Scanlan back, right? He went to go do his thing. We discussed his goals. So when he went back to Ank'Harel, he went for revenge. Matt explained to me that he didn't just get revenge right away. He had to lie in wait for those two guys who wronged him to come back into town eventually. Plot and figure out a way to destroy them in some way. So he took their counterfeiter away from them and ruined their business. Shamed them. Created this Meat Man character to shame them and intimidate them in front of all the underworld and chased them out of town forever. We had to roll for all this stuff, too. I had been sitting there waiting for them for months and months. I guess I'll just stay. It was a fun year. Furniture. Art pieces. Antiques. Fine art pieces. Did you boink the nymph?! Were there any witnesses? Doesn't it warm your heart to know that Tary knew and could give her the support she needed? She was always in Whitestone, right? I got out of there fast. Well, I spent some time in the-- Yeah. So no, never heard Pike. But Scanlan did do a fair amount of praying to Sarenrae while he was on his Aramente. Yeah. He was doing awesome stuff. He was making money! Sure, that was part of it. He shot the gun once. Yeah. I had 15 bullets. He never had cause to shoot the gun. The first time you think you want to marry someone, you should definitely marry them. I'm a loner, Doty. There's still a chance, guys, to take him back! She doesn't want her 75 gold? He can't spell. Bigby's Hand? Oh, that's a spell! That's right! I am the healer of the group. You can't even get that Hunter's Mark right! That is the full name of the spell. As I said in the previous segment, it took some time to get his revenge. Those guys who wronged him did not live there. They were traveling assholes. He had to sit and wait. As he sat and waited, he got used to living there and got a little taste for the power! The crime power! Taste of furniture! It tastes like pleather. Brian, when you write things, ladies like it. The food, corn. Or she. Me too. It was great. Awful. Also, you're ugly. In real life. The question is-- I mean. He can't. Reconcile? I think he feels like it was a big opportunity lost and that he ultimately failed, but probably as he gets to be in his older age and surrounded by people he loves that he realizes that it's okay to fail. You don't have to succeed in everything to make a difference in people's' lives who you care about. He'll just try to be a hero for his wife and his kid. And that's it. He still might use Wish every once in a while to see if maybe he can get a message to or from old Vax, but I don't know if it ever works. Probably not. Also, I think part of his maturing process over the whole campaign was learning it's okay not to be the center of attention. It's okay not to be the best at everything. It's okay to just do what you do if you do it for the right reasons. For next time. I come everyday because you feed me! Even Taryon fell in love with that guy! Everybody loves Percy, and he's like the worst! Trying to kill Trinket. For the first time. I always figured Scanlan would tell their stories or whatever. And he will and he'll try to and everything, but I thought about this, actually, while we were playing. For him, anyway, it was not the epic stories of glory and saving the world. He would have liked just impressing his friends and healing them or inspiring them. Just the friendship. That was his favorite moments from the epic journey. I almost did it, too! Well, I will do the opposite in the next campaign.