Does Hawaii count? A Nook, I think, is a Barnes & Noble proprietary Kindle. Get yours at Ballard’s Books! That is some bullshit! I’m confused about that. I haven’t recorded any ads for that, I should probably do that. Ooh! Okay. I believe that. It says it on your card? Marisha. I was asked to be on that show. Would you be pissed at me if I did that show before your Signal Boost show? I don’t watch the channel. Not a big fan of geek stuff really. Hey! What’s up with Marisha’s show? Is it because I didn’t go on the show? There was a mysterious bowl of pinto beans left on my doorstep. It’s like a secret society. Side note, we’ve had an episode recorded since September that I haven’t edited yet. That's the most important announcement! Matt, does anyone have a stat lower than my lowest stat? Well, I can't say. Did you buy him? Did you find him? Is that a common item? Like is that a thing that exists in D&D? Oh, Clifford. Plan? I think the plan was I was supposed to create a diversion by setting a fire. Until I realized I had no means of creating fire, and found myself inside the place as a dinosaur surrounded by archers. There was no plan at all. That was an hour of just me and Matt, or felt like an hour anyway. It was amazing. Yeah, none of that was planned and it was just so fortuitous and it was one of my favorite moments of the whole campaign. The writers, you know, they had a different scenario where-- it was contrived. And that was fun. And that was early on too. You have long arcs planned? Do you have the first session planned, do you have the first three sessions planned? It was the only photograph taken there, though. Yeah. It was about a five minute shoot. I love that we're comparing Matt to Matt two months ago! Yes. Hmm. I think he was the latter, numbing the pain. He had some issues and was having a crisis of conscience. Yeah, and he had-- He had some grundle issues. It’s "taint-ancy." He was genuinely seeking a way out of his distress. He didn't know who he was any more, what his purpose on the team was, or whether he should be on the team or not. So he was looking for a way out. I got in too deep? Part of the reason I was late to so many of the shows was I would come in with just gold spray paint. Then everyone would be like, "You have to go clean up! Just say you were late or whatever!" The captain's uniform from Lufthansa Flight 91! (laughter) I'm sure you asked, but I don't know if he was really into-- He was probably not in touch with his emotions enough to even know. Plus you talk a lot. Just on and on. Speaking of petrified, how many fights were you in as Grog where you were totally taken out of the fight by being bamfed away, frozen solid, killed instantly, turned into a dummy, turned against us? It's got to be half, right? Yeah, in a holding cell or something? We got worse at strategy as we went. Did you use it? Matt doesn't want to reveal anything that might come into play in the next campaign. How it was built? It was part of the artificer class to have a-- something. Before I knew that and before he proposed the class to me, artificer, because i didn't know what it was, I had proposed to him a rich guy who travels around with a biographer, who buys all of his gear and has no actual skill. And he was like "I've got it, artificer and you have a robot assistant." I was like "Can he write?" and he was like "Yep, done!" Yeah. Sure, yeah, tutors. I don't know what Lawrence taught him. I actually thought that Lawrence was more of a literature tutor of romance languages or whatever. But he definitely had all the best tutors. They'd release a cookbook. They have a low price point option. SC2. College? Give me his name, and where does he live!? I will burn his house down! Did you like it? Do you follow him on Facebook? Capoeira. Should I be worried? I didn't have to. She knew. That's my theory anyway because, as I found out later in Scanlan's life, Kaylie always knows when he is lying. So she knew and let him so she could get upstairs and try to kill him. Yes. She has this sense. She can always tell when he is lying. She can see through his charms. White guy. You've never answered it in Christoph Waltz’ wardrobe. (laughter) No. Shit. I have it somewhere. I have a list. I wrote down the things that I accomplished and the things that were left to be done. I also had a separate list of all the things Tary did with Vox Machina that he was going to present to his Dad. Possibly. To prove that he was worthy. But no, he did not accomplish everything on the list. Yet. But there are many more adventures to be had for the two weeks before he gets killed as a member of the Darrington Brigade. Mary especially. Who was your least favorite guest? I don't know much about what Ashley's doing, right? Coming up, Marisha tastes bourbons. (laughter) Do they even have anything to go to, if you go to a break? It's supposed to be a 90 minute broadcast, it's almost over. It's just Brian, Matt, and Liam?