We're starting with big reveals already? Aren't we supposed to wait to build tension or-- I'm doing the art. It's me. I'm drawing it. Thank you. Yeah, I'm really excited about it. A lot of splash pages. Sorry, Matt, go on. Reveal! Reveal! Reveal! Vax is the one with the bow and arrow, right? It's been a wig on Keyleth the whole time. Big reveal! (laughter) Hey, we got a Pike over here. Who wants a donut? One of the big reveals-- Matt is going to reveal that Victor, beloved character Victor, he just had lead poisoning. He gets treatment and he's totally normal now. Love the new twist. To each other. Boom! Because he married his sister, so. Oh, I have to answer too? The one we're on right now is pretty cool, because we get to hang out with gods and stuff-- no spoilers. But yeah, it's interesting. I have no idea what's going to happen because I barely know how D&D works. I'd love to see Scanlan as an ordinary human, like a George Takei-type, in body and voice. (George Takei voice) Hello. (George Takei voice) Oh my. Don't make eye contact with anyone. When we were in New York last, all of us, we went to Chelsea Piers, and we all did a golf driving range together, and we were terrible. Or by sneaking in. The next three questions of mine are, what's there to do in Cincinnati? What part of West Hollywood should I live in? ELEVATOR Ours. Let's limit it a little. (laughter) I'm going to pick the character of Noelle Stevenson as Tova. Oh, wait, she's right over there in the audience! Yeah, she's totally dead. Totally dead. Similar, but different question. I would go with Jarett, because he's so dreamy and hunky. (Jarett voice) Hello. Sure, yeah. The marriage episode? Yeah. Yeah, for sure. For sure. We do a couple podcast episodes a year. We're averaging about two a year these days. Here's the status we wanted to pitch our podcast to Geek and Sundry to do on a regular basis, but we can't even find a time to go pitch it. (laughter) Oh, yeah? You won't even invite me on Signal Boost. No more All Work No Play. Yeah, we have one planned, because we're going to do a live episode soon, in a couple weeks, and then maybe we'll do it where we're going to go into somebody's hot tub to record an episode. Oh, do you have a hot tub? Well, you were already a guest on the show. Okay, can we go in your hot tub and bring a stranger to interview? (laughter) You can hold the boom mic. (laughter) Well, I wouldn't call myself a rogue. (laughter) Your family's weird, though. I think Scanlan values being accepted back into the group. That's about it. And Kaylie. We're all dying every day. I'm 'gramming it. "Bear"naked Ladies. Nice. (sings) It's been-- He just ran 480 feet. He ran 480 feet and threw four daggers. (laughter) If there's a god of aerated wine, then I'd be that. God of grapes and aerated wine. The small business association god? Big reveal. No. (laughter) I've pushed for us to rent ourselves out, like for bar mitzvahs and quinceaneras and stuff. I feel like we could go, play a short game, and then Hava Nagila. I don't know. Something. There's more reveals, Brian. Pike's next storyline involves her covered in tattoos and the rest of the team deciphering their meaning. (laughter) Pass. Yeah, Scanlan would spend a lot of time in the holodeck. (laughter) One more minute! That room must be so nasty. Skip her! I was surprised that Taryon lasted longer than two episodes. And... that's it. Reveal!