Hi, guys. Good to see you. It's Gilmore. I love Trinket. (laughter) What if everyone dies except Scanlan? Could I have my own show that's just me and you and a triceratops? (laughter, cheering) My character came about because I didn't know anything about Dungeons & Dragons and I asked Liam what's the dumbest character and he said, "Probably a bard." I was like, "What's the weakest character?" He said, "I don't know, like, a gnome." I went to Dungeons & Dragons name generator and that's how I found the name. I totally half-assed it. (laughter, applause) Well, we were all going to just play once for his birthday and that was it. So I was like, eh, I'll just be a dumb character. And then it turns out I'm the best one! (cheering, laughter) That's right. I can crap on beds. That's an extra class feature. He's the best. He's taking notes. Then do you choose how many fingers they have? (laughter) Soon it will be less than three. Better think quick! Shines so brightly. Okay, that was a good question. Someone's getting a t-shirt. My arm is spaghetti. I'm a young boy. What are they? AUDIENCE (hums Friends theme) Is a healthy relationship? No, not at all. He's so hot. It's just pointing over there. Let's move it up. Quick, DM off! (laughter) AUDIENCE Puppet master. You sir, what's your question? AUDIENCE All women talk like this. (valley girl accent) Hi. Oh my god. To watch on our own, you mean? AUDIENCE Well for myself, I can barely even make the game that we play. (laughter) I mean, that was cool. Good question. That's a lot of cursing. What is he saying, what? Translate. I don't play Dungeons and Dragons. I don't know what he's talking about. (laughter) Oh, okay. How would you ever do that? Yes, sir. AUDIENCE A voice role. AUDIENCE I mean, I have a terrible nasal voice. I would love to have some of Travis' sack. You've got beer. You, ma'am. AUDIENCE Oh wow. (singing) You, sir, man with the beer. AUDIENCE The beer's really good. What you do is you pick your middle name and the street you grew up on and your pet name and that's the name. (smug clicking) Percival de Rolo de Momo. Next question, please. Yeah, this is the best panel ever. Hey, also don't write poop into your backstory, because people send me poop all the time. If Portland thinks so, who am I to argue with that? Trinket is just an unstoppable force of power, grace-- When he-- When he saves me, I will respect him. No. One? Three. And I've killed at least that many. Listen, Trinket is great. Yeah, I would do that. I'm just saying that a ferret, or even a goldfish... I can always do that. And I never will. (laughter) I was in Les Miserables as a child. I played Gavroche. You know, in Broadway. (laughter) And they were like, "There's a barricade? Were you protesting?" And I was like, "I mean, I guess." So they thought I was the youngest civil rights protester ever. I wish. That's pretty good. Oh, wow. A marauder. You, sir. AUDIENCE I know. (sings) Bigby's Hand! (applause) I mean-- AUDIENCE Collectively, we are heroic. Individually. I don't think-- Scanlan thinks of himself as a god that doesn't really need to prove anything. He's just in it for the lols, for the most part. But I think collectively we've done some good things. We've saved civilization. We've rescued people, and we've killed old people, which is always a good thing for society. (laughter) I will tell you this, though. Scanlan is a bit of an existentialist, and, for a specific reason, thinks or has thought up to now that life is sort of pointless. Two more questions, maybe? Dean is your next NPC. But he also allows us to go on our little individual journeys when we need to. That's the hardest thing to do in improv is to both be in the scene and know when the scene is over. That's super hard. What we're saying is you should sit down now. AUDIENCE Gross. This was a fun panel, Matt. You did great moderating. I'm drunk.