Marisha caught in flagrante delicto! Praise be to Jesus Crit. We've got gifts. We've got the spirit of Christmas. There's a light snowfall. When we were driving up, did you guys see that? Yes. Don't you sass me, Denise. (laughter) Is that a knock at the door? --David Bowie? I don't know. It's what the Critmas spirit is all about. What are we doing? Maybe we should go around the room while we're opening and just say one thing we're grateful about. How about we say one thing that we like about Brian? You want to go first, Travis? Please don't turn them off. Oh, okay. I admire the fact that you've overcome your handicap, which we all know is that he's smooth down there. It's like a Ken doll. There's no genitalia. It's just shiny and plastic. It's just, there's nothing. Just nothing there. But you've somehow overcome that and had a relatively normal life. Yeah, from tonight! Because it's the 20th. Is right now. We've had the Thordak fight. It was a crazy night. In a way, though, it was fitting. It was a fitting end. Did not see that coming. TRAVIS and How are we going to do this? Someone go and get them. I hear a jingle of hooves on the roof. I'm sponsoring this episode? I have no idea. This is your show. I'm actually-- I'm still stunned that we pay you for this. Oh, it's fragile. (paper rustling) But it's not paper mache? Those are great, thank you. Just open it. We need to keep going. The rest of the cast is just Taliesin. What have we got? What is this stuff? Tiny things. (high-pitched whistle) I got reeds for my shawm. This is going to be heavily edited. The final file is just going to be six minutes long. How many shirts are there? Wait, what? Was this a high school thesis or a college thesis? She did her thesis on us? She got a C+. I've got to get one, got to have one. This is from a Critter named AmniClerk @Stories_nDreams. It's an embossed Critical Role-y card that she made. It says, "May the happiness of family, the joys of friendship, and the warmth of love surround you this season. Also, fuck you, Brian." That's weird. "For all the love and support you've given myself and the rest of the Critter legion, thank you, Happy Winter's Crest and beyond." And inside are-- Oh wait, they light up. They might be ornaments. They do light up, they've got dice on them, they look handmade. They're amazing. One for Matt. Liam. Taliesin. Are they ornaments? It's an ornament, okay, good. I'm going to put this on my tree, tonight. Also, I think there's some gifts here for the crew. They're like blue screens of death. It says "Twitch has returned error, the universe broke. Please reboot." And it says #WeKnow. Where do we put crew gifts, guys? Yeah, keep going. I want to eat some! Wait, there's six, and two of them are for Ashley? It is for Liam. Oh, Travis has one! Oh, the classic movie. You were ten. It's a gun. Does it spin? Oh, thank you! What did we get? That was from Splash. We also have a stack of letters here, which we're going to have to read off-stream. There's one from Jennifer Griffey, Joshua Luczac, Lena Hox, Megan Levon, Paige Megelly, Nicholas McGuire. And this one, which I think Liam needs to read. And it goes on like that! I think he made a donation to UNICEF on our behalf. (cheering) No oolong?! (Boston accent) She's from Boston. TALIESIN (German accent) This is how we say goodbye in Boston, Dr. Jones. Fine art photography of some sort. Oh that's funny, a packet of mayo! Yes! I love them! Well, except for Kima and Scanlan. Mark Sutton Ministries. They help out Haitian residents. Nice letter from high schooler Nicholas McGuire whose stumbled onto our show clicking a link off of a HotPepperGaming episode. It takes all kinds. This one says, "Dear Matt and crew, we hope that you and Col. Scanlan's elite troops survived these encounters--" we know that Scanlan does not. "The subject critters are rumored to-- blooming onions!" What? "The subject critters are rumored to be vulnerable to blooming onions--" I don't understand the sentence structure. "Shiraz and generally drive to and from work in the pouches of chaotic evil kangaroos. Dr. Oz." What is this? Ooh, it's a bunch of minis! Ooh, they're all kinds of different cool stuff. Ooh, these are all creepers! That's an Invicta watch. Pass it around, let's see it. Finland chocolate. That's the best Scandinavian country for chocolate. (singing) --to have 700 hit points. Box Machina. This feels heavy. There might be a second row. Stay creative and awesome! Love Neeska @ladyneeska. Thank you for more poop. This might be the best poop I've ever gotten. I've gotten a dozen or so, but this poop might be the the best poop I've ever gotten. I will. I'm going to Cleveland steamer myself with this tonight. Guys, so far, good episode of Talks Machina or best episode of Talks Machina? Mine just says, "You're handsomer than Travis." Merry Critmas. (singing) Letters. We've got letters. (speaking) Is it a good sign that the crew all has nooses around their necks? Is that okay? Oh! That's a turtle bookmark. I read a lot of books to my kids. Not to me. I just read Rat Queens, finally. Ooh. MARISHA. Oh, Jesus. Oh no. It's an Iroh quote. "You have come to the crossroads of your destiny. It is time for you to choose. It is time for you to choose good." Three campaigns? Zanyondelcet! Retail box action? Good focus pulling, by the way. You're very olfactory today. Really? She spent all this time on this, and you're going to make it into a turkey wattle? Brian Wiggly Foster? Is that a vacuum-sealed pack? Mark Watney! This is a huge deal! This is a real deal! I know where this is going! This is going in the guest bedroom so that your guests can sleep on your pictures of you every time they visit. It must've taken hours! Days! He doesn't want to admit it, but Travis is actually crying right now. Read all of them. Critical Role Scanlan got a letter from the World Wildlife Fund, asking for donations. (laughter) They suggest I donate $55, $69, or $85, and in the spirit of Critmas, I'll consider that. They really want this! They're not usable stamps. They're just stickers. Nope! "No postage necessary if mailed in the United States." Thank you, guys, for thinking of me. (laughter) I will donate, and I'll tweet about it. Riegel? R-I-E-G-E-L? That's me! This is my kincharkunen person! I don't know. Are we still on french horns? Nothing, a close up of the booze that Travis was trying to open. The camera keeps finding it! (laughter) They could be a sponsor. If Shlitzmalt Liquor wants to sponsor us-- (singing) Shlitzmalt Liquor bull! Fight, fight, fight! These are great! I'll have a bear. My mom, Momlan, sent these for us for all of you guys. They're graphic novels. Momlan sent graphic novels for all of us. Yes, they are. Signed by the author, I believe. Jerome Charron, my mom's husband. I was going to say baby daddy, but that would-- nope. Yeah. They're from Momlan. They're really good. My mom's husband is a prolific author, and that is male genitalia right there. Brian, I'm sorry. Well... It's called Billy Budd KGB, if anyone wants to pick it up. Jerome Charron. Is that it? It's a piece of a GoPro. Does that mean I don't have to? Quick! Make them all kiss! Brian prepared a game. It's called "Spin the Bottle." It's going to be awkward for some of us, but not for me and Liam. (laughter) Is this where Matt quits the show? Brian, by the way. Thank you for helping put that together. That video is the only good part of your show. (laughter)