It's up on Twitter and on Facebook. There you. Twitter and Facebook, go find it. Next up... a really amazing game called Mascarada that I'm lucky to be a part of. It's on Kickstarter to finish up their big push for the final polish of the game. If you're looking for a great kind of isometric, beautifully drawn RPG experience, go check out the Kickstarter and if it's something you wanna help make the best it can possibly be, do so, so go check out Mascarada on Kickstarter. Also, this week, or as of last Friday, the Goblin one-shot that we did with Marisha and Taliesin and a bunch of other fantastic guests is up on the Geek and Sundry website if you haven't seen it yet. It's ridiculous and I think you'll enjoy it. And... Also, as a reminder, that the "How do you want to do this?" sweaters are still up for pre-order in the store. Oh wait, but it has to switch. They're for pre-order for another week. There's like modeling happening right now. And then, I know there was modeling. These European models are in these smoking hot-- Oh, who? These European models? Let's do it, oh my gosh. Alright folks, let's go ahead and bring us down back into tonight's episode of Critical Role. (spooky ethereal music) (heavy breathing) (roaring) (dramatic music) (gun firing) Welcome back. So, last we left off, the party having found their way back to the city of Westruun, which had been overrun by the herd of roving nomadic tribal barbarians and other such brigands that wander the landscape of Tal’Dorei that Grog once belonged to, had swooped in and taken Westruun after the Chroma Conclave dragon attack across this countryside. The party had devised a plan to find their way into the town or at least one of them would, distract a cluster of these individuals, these Goliaths, many of which are, you know, half-giant Goliaths pulling them out of the city into a large pit that had been hidden after being carved by the druid Keyleth. Scanlan went into be the distraction. Becoming invisible, leaping to the center of the main town square, right in front of the margrave's house, where apparently the leader of this clan, Kevdak, which has a long history with Grog, resides. As part of this distraction, Scanlan released a thunderwave and in doing so unknowingly also revealed himself as the invisibility spell went away. And an entire cluster of very angry-looking individuals bared down on him, managed to escape thanks to dimension door, twice and made your way into the partially ruined Temple of Arathis where you came face to face with a number of refugee Westruun villagers and Dr. Dranzel and Kaylee. And that is where we left off so after appearing and having a moment of realizing the scenario, you see a handful of people, most of them filthy, completely beleaguered, and in need of not being in this circumstance as long as they possibly can. And you can see Kaylee kinda holding them back defensively and Dranzel, having just noticed your appearance and calling out to you with a chuckle, realizing that you're here and Kaylee rolling her eyes, apparently unable to really escape through fate, though there is a look, a brief glance of appreciation that at least you're not burnt to a crisp somewhere outside Emon. But Dranzel walks up to you and is like, as hush as he can be, "Scanlan, so glad to see that you survived. "What are you doing here?" Oh man, I love this so much. There's a moment of quiet. (laughing) I just hope that works. Dr. Dranzel walks by. (chuckles) "I have to say, you two make quite the team." I would say that as well, yes, I would. Thank you, Kaylee, that was... Better than I could have ever done. That's true. "All right then, so... "We're getting people out of here. "Things have gone a bit up. "How are we gonna get the rest of these folks out?" And Dranzel thinks for a second, he goes, "Well, we can't wait for the rest of the team. "They're probably still on their way back from Kymal. "I've unfortunately mostly spent "my capabilities for the day. "Scanlan, what do you got?" To keep us all safe? "No, to get the rest of these poor saps out!" Out of the city? Jesus, uh... "Were you gonna leave them here unguarded?" Oh, no, of course I'm not gonna leave them unguarded! I just, I mean, we can't... How many people are here? You look around the room, there's nine people. I can get me and Kaylee out. (laughing) I think we should just hunker down. (laughs) I can't get us out, I'm sorry! I mean, we could sneak, we could sneak, we could try to make a sneak for it. Are there sewers here? Kaylee nods. "There are sewers, aye." Close by? Is there an entrance nearby? "About two blocks that way." And she points to the south side of the city. Okay. You're birds. We're with everybody else. I'm gonna take a minute to-- anybody standing near me, I'm gonna take a minute and use, um... Where's my thing? I'm freaking out! Hide in plain sight? Anybody coming out. All right. All right. So, as part of that, I'll have you guys both roll stealth checks. Okay, so add 10 to that. 35! Oh, see, that's what we could do, Matt! We could've just sat you on the same side of the table as us. Yeah, you could've been behind us and... Also pre-order for another week. I don't know, man! Also, also the necklaces and the keychains are still there. Necklaces and keychains? But those are a fantastic birthday or Christmas gift. The necklaces? We still haven't gotten to those! Arbor Day seems like a good-- Memorial Day. Memorial Day! People give gifts on Memorial Day. I got gifts on Memorial Day. Yeah. So underneath your Memorial Day tree this year... It's cute. It's like steel. All right. Oh my gosh. So. Hopefully he wasn't captured. There's about six coming this way, so stay down, hopefully the trap works. I just thought of something. Hey, remember when we were, like, walking through the woods and we fought those six Goliaths and I stopped the fight? Remember? Yeah, that was Zanror, right? Right. So I think he knows that I'm not, like, back from the dead. Well, shit, Grog! I know, I just thought of it, you know, like, the whole magic thing might not actually work. So the whole plan we made was stupid? No no no, I'm just saying, let's move forward. You're using your father, right? Your father is dead, right? Your dad's dead? Yeah, he's dead. Where are they, where are they? I also want to just see if I recognize, I'm just doing another little flippity-flop scan around, and I just want to see if I recognize his brother as one of the people who's coming to the gate or not. I'll get down low for that. Not a brother, per se. You're a bird! Well, I was gonna say, I can drop, as soon as he lands, I drop his polymorph, as soon as he lands. Landing on the other ones. Six! Hide in plain sight. Technically... Yeah, I'll let it happen, 'cause it's part of the surprise round, we'll say this is all happening simultaneously. They fall in, grasp, then they catch themselves, and then the blade comes out of nowhere. So yeah, I'll let that happen. 18, 19... Oh shit, I should've done that! 30. Awesome! Great work. That was sick. Tiny. That blade there. He's putting it down, he's putting it down. That is a huge chasm! We're watching his magic in real life. Where's all the dead bodies at the bottom of it? Yeah, can you draw detailed dead bodies? (laughing) Can you just grade it a little bit? Hiding. Pike would be off to the side here. He's strong! Yeah! Pit of despair! The pit of despair. Haven't bullrushed in a while, okay. Make sure, I forgot that was proper. (jumbled excited chatter) 9700 feet, specifically. All of them, all the feet. Or prone, prone is good. Kick him, kick him! No! 29. Oh my god, those are so many! 5, 10, 15... 50! 56, 56. Oh. Fail! Come on, Grog. Come on, Grog! 16. Ew. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, people, but, you know, I care about you. All right? "All right, it's not going to stop me from "trying to hate you away, but... "I get what you're saying. "Well, do your trick." Okay. So I cast Seeming on the lot, and I make a few orcs and a few humans. Any number of creatures within 30 feet of you. So, all of these Westruun peasant folk, yourself, Dr. Dranzel, and Kaylee all of a sudden become, to varying sized degrees-- I can make people a foot taller. Taller, yeah, so like, they can be somewhat larger. You're still-- You guys are still tiny little goblinoid half-orcs but it gives a visual perspective, based on what you've seen of this troop, and everyone kind of looks at themselves, looking at the back of their hands. There's this one kind of younger man in his mid-teens, he's like, "This is amazing!" (grunts) And they're also making the noises at each other, like for a brief moment, all of the fear subsides as they're, for the moment, getting into the play of acting like a half-orc, and then they all get serious again and look to you and Kaylee and Kaylee goes, "All right then, follow me." Too many guys! As he turns around and goes to walk away, he (laughing) falls face first asleep on the ground on the outside of the alleyway. Just, (thuds) halfway in the sun of the main thoroughfare. Kaylee runs up real fast and grabs his ankles and drags him. I try to help! "Go, go, go!" I don't know the ways through the sewers! You have to go lead them, not me! (sighs) She drops the leg down. I start dragging him. You guys start dragging him off the side, and you guys quickly go, dart in. As you all jump inside, Dranzel grabs the grate top. He gets down behind it-- Right before he closes it, I step out. I step out and I say, "Take them to safety. "Bring them outside the city. "Hide, stay safe." "All right. "Same goes for you, Scanlan." Well, I'll do my best. "Yeah you will." And he pulls it down, screws it into place, to where it feels kind of taut, and you are now on your own outside of this area with a sleeping individual as his snoring slowly subsides. He starts rousing from his slumber about a minute later. Rubbing his chin. What do you do? While he was still asleep, I was booking it towards the western gate, away from him. Stelth check. 18. Okay. All right, so the rest of you guys, at this point in time, what's the plan? Guys, I'm heading in towards the city. Do we have a report yet? Keyleth? I'm getting nervous about Scanlan. Did you see Scanlan? Then we should-- I did not see Scanlan. Let's head towards the center of town. They might have him held prisoner. Because we're fucking morons! I didn't know he was going to go that far! Eh, shitballs. Another one's taking a cheap shot at you. Towards you. Roll initiative. Everybody who's gonna have anything to do with this right now. Oh, I'm getting in on this shit, too. 24. Sarenrae blesses you. 17. 12 for Keyleth. Okay. 17 on the first hit. Yeah. As you release the first arrow, wings are up, giant sharp beak extended, its claws in the air, the arrow sinks into its body, but it still kind of just shakes it off, continuing going into a further dive toward you, its wings outward. Oh, no. A little elf puddle? Do it, Percy! I'm gonna, I'm gonna, not only am I gonna take a shot-- Good job, good job, guys. 12? Ew! Accordioned in. Like the body, does it appear to be any druid related to the Ashari clan? Looking it over, make an investigation check. Can I join in? I was gonna join in. Up there. Can't you just sit on the broom with me? What is going on, are Grog and Pike and I just supposed to stand over here by the gate? Are you guys gonna head off? I thought we were all going in. I mean, we had a plan, and then we didn't have a plan, so we have like... Wait, but the earrings! Oh wait, I can hear, yes, yes! Ooh! (laughing) Thank you, I forgot about that! Uh, yeah. Hey, hi, oi, guys, oi, oi. You know what, we killed nine of them. Oh, shit, that's us! All right. Can we all convene in an alley? You do. You convene in an alley. Within the next few minutes, a little bit of a confusing telephone bit going back and forth, but you do eventually gather. At this time, you guys do hear what sounds like some voices shouting about a block and a half up the way. Yeah. Oh my god, you don't even look like yourself. I look pretty cool. What about our darkvision? Can we see anything in there? No. Even if your darkvision, you guys see as well, there's nothing inside. The building appears to be vacant. You wasted it on a window? Lovely. Six left, Grog, then, six? Seriously? That's pretty much all my plans are, always. Jeez. To the center of town. Maybe we go to his house first. He's your grandfather. It's all going down. We can do that after. We stealth around. The second we start attacking, they will start killing, so... He walks in on his own, challenges Kevdak to a duel. Yeah, look-- On your own? So it'll go like this. Everybody get high vantage points, so I walk in, I'm pretty sure if I call him out he'll step aside and we'll do this thing. If it starts going poorly, I leave it to your discretion. Or if other people start getting iffy with the civilians, we can start taking shots. I know I can drop a few before they do anything. I've burned both of my wild shaping abilities for right now. Unless we wanted to take a brief rest to regain our thoughts. This is sort of a brief rest. Is this considered, like, a short rest? No, a short rest is like a half an hour to an hour of, like, intentional-- We can afford it, we can take that. I am too. They can leave when they want. They can come and go as they please, so it's not like a roach motel. No. Vex can capture one of them. Well, that's good. Grog! What if I lend you my boots? Which, when you put your heels together, will also help your armor out a bit, or help your chances of being hit. Helps me attack faster. You can give them back to me tomorrow. And I can give you enhanced constitution. No. No. I've learned that my strength is with my friends and my friends have their own strengths. To each their own. I don't want you all handicapping yourself for me. I would like to change out my Braces of Defense to get a +2 to my AC for the Gauntlets of Ogre Strength. Okay. So your strength is now a 17. You take a +2-- Nice! Not concentration. Anything else you want to cast? No. Ish. I cast Pass Without a Trace on us so we can stealth. All right. So, the rest of you, go ahead and make your stealth check. What? Percy, are you going to the rooftop? All right, both of you guys roll acrobatics checks, we'll just say as a continuation of this. Natural one? It might have been a seven, but I thought it was a one. Well, regardless, you guys get but 30 feet before (thud) (laughing) Vex, you suffer eight points of damage as you plummet off-- Perfect. All right. Nice. That's pretty cool. At which point the spell fades as the life force of this halfling no longer holds sway and the body just crumples into a pile. Can we loot the bodies? Of course you say that. Before we move forward. All right. How about on the thing I killed, anything? Can I keep the whip? If you want to. Okay, you take the whip and wrap it up real fast and kind of just attach it inside of your belt. Oh, it did, it burned. I'm sorry! No, it's all right. All right, you guys move on a little bit further towards a T portion of the street, where you can now see there's a cart in the center. And what looks to be a number of other Goliaths are currently pulling two individuals out of their homes and kind of starting to drag them back towards the top of the T intersection where you guys are passing from. As you get to that point, there's a little bit of noise coming that way. You hear another clank and a shh from behind you in an alley just around the way and the elf behind you has been walking quietly, stops and goes, "All rright, something not right "is going on at this moment." He turns around, "You hold here Goliath." No, I don't think I will. But I tell you what, you make the choice. Walk me to Kevdak or go check out your little spook fest. He looks over to the other companion, "Go ahead and gather those men, "have them follow you into the alley." Then the other individual walks towards the alley and starts talking to the other goliaths, they go ahead and take some of the people that they're holding by the arms, lift them up over their shoulder, and you now have roughly six individuals, four of which are goliath, now joining up for a total of seven, and they're all heading back towards the ally way, No, I'm sorry. Because I'm an asshole. He probably has a magic vault. Dammit. The thought hits you immediately, the memory of like, oh that's right! As you tumble through a sequence of small boxes, your distraction caught you off guard, and you weren't paying attention where you were walking, briefly before you just fall face first into kind of a mushy mud puddle. And kind of stand up and look. Shh. No! (laughter) Around the corner, the group steps into the alleyway as this little poof of purple energy and smoke quickly dissipates and they all spin looking to the way, they glance about, step in to begin to inspect. Spend a few moments, one of them goes up to where the barrels had fallen over, just kind of pokes, looks into the mud, can see some depressions in the mud. "There's something following us, come on." And they all begin to swarm into the alleyway, all seven of them. You guys, are you going, are you backing up further into the alley, are you trying, what are you doing? I 34'ed up to the-- Oh God. Ew. He steps forward with this kind of... Thick kind of a, almost like a moss-like crust, that just kind of has gathered under his neck and he's called Greenbeard because of this weird, whatever infection or ailment he had caused this kind of moss-type material, to grow across his neck and chest area. And he kind of comes forward, using his walking stick, this kind of gnarled branch that he uses and, "Is it really you, Strongjaw?" I see your eye still serves you well. "You know when Zanror told us that he came across you up north, we beat the shit out of him for being a liar." You should have beat the shit out of him for being a coward. He begged me to let him go. "Really?" "Well, seems we know at least who's caused all the commotion recently." "Dead man walking through town by himself into the belly of the beast." "So, men, take his head." He steps back as about seven other Goliaths from up behind and two longbow individuals in the far end go ahead and draw arrows and begin to notch them back. I take a beat. Oh jeez. That's hilarious. The spikes are facing inward? Tight, tight, tight, tight, tight, tight. Are we around, can we see any of this? Stealthily. I'm feel guilty for getting in a fight with my brother, right before I got up on the rooftop. Kevdak just grew. Is there a roof in this area? Can I take Trinket out of the - If you'd like to, yeah, do you want to? Your call. Jesus. I would like to rage the rage of my rage-y life. (laughter) And I would like to use intimidating presence on Kevdak. Okay. Don't say that! What? Oh and you have inspiration, that's right. While all the attention is focused on them, can I stealth down to the ground for a second? I just want to duck, can I just duck in the building at least? Is that part of the stealth? Oh, come on! As you pull, Kevdak actually lifts you up off the ground, holding the ax up to his face and just goes, "Like father, like son." And shakes you off, well doesn't even shake you off, just butts you off of the ax and you skid to the ground. Take one point of bludgeoning damage, no big deal. Land on the ground, you don't fall prone, but you're there and can probably grab your war hammer and pick it back up if you want to. If you need it. What's Stone's Endurance? It's just a d12, which is a 12, plus my constitution, so that's 17. So as the blow comes, you just take it right to the center of the chest. As it hits, it barely cuts in before you go ahead and grab and deflect it with your hand, doing no damage to you whatsoever. However the impact of it though-- make a strength saving throw with advantage again. 18. 18, however the sheer force of trying to deflect it, does push you back 15 feet, right on the edge there, we'll say you're right there, that's fine. And you stop right at the edge of another, edge of the spikes and there are two goliaths that are there with their weapons out, just forcing you back into the ring, if you decide to back up any further. And with that, Kevdak's going to go ahead and move forward and push you into that corner. That's going to end his turn. You're up. I'm going to look at Kevdak and drop my arms to my side. Oh my God-duh! Let's wait, let's wait. What's the general consensus say? I have to shoot tomorrow. The general consensus is it's 11 PM and we're keeping the crew here as well. Dude.