It is a good one. It's so exciting. Oh, Sam is here. Go, Travis, run like the wind! I took a picture. Raise them up, Taliesin. Raise them to the air. Closer to the camera. You want oh wah ta goo. They're so cute. There's little baby Trinkets. This is exciting, you guys. But they're so cute, I don't want to eat it. I'll have a snowflake, please. Oh! You know what, I do have something. Glitter Force. It's a new show. It's going to be on Netflix tomorrow. So I play the main girl, so that's exciting. It's great for little girls. Yeah it is, it's adorable and it's funny. And 25-- whoever wants to watch it. I don't know, but there are like a lot of-- I mean, it's called the Glitter Force. There are a lot of cute little make-up accessories. Yeah. I'm touching every cookie in this box. Yes. Oh, I know what it is. Okay. Good job. It was an intervention, Percy. And you're helping to rebuild. You should take it. You should take it. Well, I got the ring and the bracers that I need to get checked out, see what they are. I have the robe, too. We left her naked. Yes, we did. Oh wow, thank you, that's amazing, Grog. Where did you find this piece of gold? No, I'm not. It's already got a lot of drool on it, actually. I'm just going to put it in with the rest of the gold, Grog. Aw man, I've got to roll for this? I'm going to roll one of my new dice. Well, it's for-- It was exciting! 24. (singing) Feel a little poke coming through. Oh my god. Oh, did you find it? Did you find it in the group? Are you even standing near me right now, as I'm seeing this wand? How do you know I'm not doing it in my room? Yes. Scanlan, get out of here, I'm naked. Ugh, I've got to look at this a bit more before I give this to you because it is very, very good. It is a Wand of Fireballs, by the way, people. It has seven charges; while holding it, you can use an action to expend one or more of its charges to cast the Fireball spell, DC of 15, one charge you cast at third level-- so many words. I don't even understand. But also-- Nice. I'm just going to put this in my pocket. I'll put it in the pocket of the outfit I'm about to put on. And then the ring and the bracers? Wait, Grog, don't sit down. Oh my god. I found so many amazing things, you guys. No! No! I'm reading them all; they're mine! Ring of Lightning Resistance. Who wants a Ring of Lightning Resistance? Bracers of Defense. Who needs extra defense? You're really weak. Your AC's super low, isn't it? There you go. Okay, a Robe of Shielding Shadows. Can it be worn with armor? Oh man. It's just a robe. It's her dress, basically, and it gives you resistance to piercing damage. You have armor, dude. And it's a woman's robe. Yeah, you totally could. Oh, it would ruin the enchantment? If you sew it differently? What if we fold it? Maybe just put your arms through it and then let it ride behind you like a cape? Well, I'm just going to pocket this because we may sell it, how about that. And then, a Ring of Lightning Resistance, anybody want it? How many rings can we wear at one time? Pass that over to Percy. All right, and this Wand of Fireballs? I feel like Scanlan needs it more than anyone else. I might just sell this robe, though. Swish and flick. No. Anyone can use it. And then I'm going to mostly for the rest of the time, keep to myself and Trinket and I'm going to help the townspeople rebuild a bit. I like it. Are you going to break up with him in the letter too? Are you going to tell him that you're going to break his heart as soon as he writes you back? Is that what's going to happen? I'm sorry, I'm just looking at your letter as you're writing it. What?! You have so many cloaks, though. Why do you need another one? I agree. You see so much more of it. Yeah. And it's the same size, right? It has to be something of the same size? Or it can be any tree? Trinket and Grog-sized trees. Big old fatty tree. I forgot to say what else I wanted to do. Well, because of that flying potion, I wanted to try to do some research and see how much flying potions are, if there's any kind of items that can make you fly whenever you want? I really liked it. I know. I mean, I know the carpet's gone, but maybe there's like an individual sort of item that's less expensive than a flying carpet, I don't know. Just wondering. I downed it! Oh. Well, but I want a bunch of them, though. Magic stuff? Okay. Cassandra betrayed him. Thank you, glorious leader. Thank you. He's our runner. What is it? Is it amazing? (laughs) What is it? What do you have? Not anymore! It's for Scanlan. So you could pretend to be bad. That sounds so disgusting. What? Be strong, Percy! That's creepy! It's sulking. Percy, whenever you get a chance, could you, maybe-- how hard are those exploding arrows to make? Super-duper hard? I want to read it so bad! To take care of the thingy? The marble of death? Didn't we send for Eskil Ryndarien? And we searched the Briarwoods' library that they had gathered together that say anything about-- Okay. Be on the lookout for eggs, giant frosty-looking eggs. The other goliath! The Duke! Once you Duke something, you can't un-Duke it, Matt. What does it mean? The eyebrows! Looking at Jasper's stats, I can tell. Oh no! Come on, Grog! Oh my god. Come on Grog, finish it! Oh! I heard it. I give him the evil eye. Yeah! Trish the Dish! Yeah, walk away, you beardless bastard. I kind of love Trish the Dish. Come on, Grog! Oh my god. (laughing) Why weren't you raging the whole time? Oh, gross! That's good! With the ten inspiration. You should switch. Aw, she's a good lady. We were supposed to wear pajamas. Oh! Oh, is it big enough to hold a giant carpet? Okay. I don't think I've ever seen Percy giggle before. All right, we'll give it a go. Weeks pass, and Grog the barbarian hasn't been seen since suddenly leaving for the city of Westruun. Heading there in search of him, the party meets his childhood friend, and their new companion the gnome cleric, Pike. Grog apparently hasn't been acting normally, and had marched off on his own through the Bramblewood towards the ominous mountain, Gatshadow. The party followed, dispensing with a troop of roadside thieves along the way, and wound their way toward the mountain. Deep within, they encountered an abandoned subterranean city and eventually a crypt housing a mind-controlled Grog, the reanimated corpse of his father Strongjaw, and a dying mage attempting a ritual to Lichdom. Our heroes slayed the mage, but not before he could complete the ritual and embed his phylactery into Grog's chest. Returning to town in search of aid, they find there are few of enough knowledge or power to ascertain the nature of Grog's wound. Also, rumors of missing children begin to reach the party's ears. While contemplating all this at a local inn, the party is approached by a mysterious elf named Drez Vina who wishes to pay handsomely for the party to infiltrate an archmage's tower, and retrieve a particular brass box within. Pushing forward in the hopes of speaking with this archmage, the party accepts, and passes through arcane trap after trap to reach the top of the tower, deciding not to steal from the archmage but instead parley with him for his aid. The tower's keeper, Realmseer Eskil Ryndarien, agrees to help and sends the party to collect two items he requires for the ritual the skull of a nightmare and the heart of a nymph. The caveat their defeated foe is indeed a lich now, and in merely two weeks, he will be reborn within Grog! They travel north to the Umbra Hills, wrestle with a small cult to slay their infernal messenger and his nightmare steed, and find a fresh companion in Percy, newly freed from imprisonment. From there, the party rushes south to the Frostweald, a forest shrouded in eternal winter. Battling past basilisks, the party finds a single, unfrozen pool where they coax a nymph from her dimensional sanctuary. Talking their way out of battle, Grog enters the sanctuary with the nymph, and returns holding a jewel gifted by the beautiful creature the "heart" of the nymph. Is Trinket allowed to join in the pie eating contest too? (laughs) I do. Oh. And a bear. Is there room for a bear? Yeah, but a very human-acting bear. (gasps) Can you Polymorph Trinket, Keyleth? A human. Into a lumberjack of a man? Try it! Can you Polymorph Trinket into a man? Scanlan says he can. Here's my bear, right here. So drunk, this guy! Why? He does not need a pot on his head. Trinket, have a seat in this chair like a normal human. Here you go. Oh, no hands? Trinket, no hands. No hands! No paws! Oh, you rattled the table, it was 15, then it fell over. Seven for me, because he rattled the damn table, because he's an asshole. And then Trinket rolled a 21. It was us and Trinket. He's really drunk! Don't touch him too much. No hands, Trinket. Oh. (laughs) Natural one for me. Come on, Trinket! 14 for Trinket. I rolled a one. You want to inspire him? 13. What modifier? Yeah. Buddy. You can keep doing it! I'll give you-- I know, I got nothing. A nice nap. You can have the bed tonight and I'll sleep on the floor. Okay. It was almost a fucking 15. 15. Yeah. Oh no. Oh, I feel so guilty right now! I know! Don't be sad bear, be happy bear! It's just 100 gold. Oh, a persuasion check for Trinket? So he'll keep eating? Oh, buddy. 15? I love you. I know. This is the worst. I'm the worst mom. Get angry! Eat angry! That's okay, Trinket likes meat way more than fruit. Is it a salmon pie? He likes fish. Beause it's salmon. It's a salmon pie, and he loves salmon. Okay. Fucking balls, mother bitch. I did roll with advantage. 11. It's okay, buddy. It's okay. You don't have to eat anything else if you don't want to. Okay. You get to sleep on the bed and I will sleep on the damn floor. Oh, this guy. This guy is so drunk! Thank you. Okay. So many, just so many. Percival, you're looking very attractive today. Hey. Maybe. Do the de Rolos still stay in the giant castle? Or does that go to somebody else, then? We were-- no, that was for the whole group! That was for the whole group, Percival. (muffled) That's was going to save your fucking life later. All right. And now you've got four other people keeping an eye on you. Oh, you have to give it to us? It has to come from you? That feels shady. It was actually 500 gold. Can I follow him for a moment? I haven't talked to you very much lately. You seem a bit off. Yeah. What's going on? I noticed your girlfriend isn't talking to you. Did you do something? All right. I leave, as well. Speaking of presents, even though you're being kind of a dick. I was going to buy you something, but then I realized sometimes old is better than new. You know what that is? I've got ways. I'm a really good winker, if you haven't noticed. (laughs) Thank you. And then I slap him across the face. I love you, too. Do we know what date that is going to be at? I see his legs. He's not walking this way. Huzzah to Zac! It's still going. He's going to kill us all! It's over 9000! Is there going to be a Critical Role marathon or something coming up soon? All right! Good announcement! Good job! (cheering) Happy holidays. TALIESIN and