Taliesin, you're so loud! It's so loud. What are you doing? David Bowie! Labyrinth! Is that giving something away? I feel like we gave spoilers. Oh, that's true. Never mind. Yeah! We leave early tomorrow morning. Good times. Aw, that's awesome! Shoot, you're shooting your gun! Be Percy! Oh, you fall over! She's healing him. Pew pew! And then I'll go oh! Then I wink at you. And then I shoot another one at you! [actual intro plays] We need to trap the dragon obviously on the ground. Is there, how would you do that? What about blacksmiths in town? Are there any blacksmiths left? Can we help him at all? He took three hours doing that?! I'm an expert on dragons. What do you mean? Shut up! 17. Where's the gland located? Would I know that, like, in his throat? It would be instantaneous, at least. Oh. Getting fancy now, Scanlan Shorthalt. The armor? That I took from him? Well-- are you here? Are you next-- are you next to me now? It's the armor that I won fair and square from him! Yes, I am wearing it right now. It is. Scanlan, that's going to cost you a lot of money. You think your little armor will fit me. What kind of armor do you have? Which is cold resistant? I doubt that. What is it, is it plus two? Okay. Well sweet, then yeah, sure, give it to me. Strip on down there, Scanlan. No, you first, I want to see the cube and then I'll give you my armor. There's no time for that. I try really hard not to start laughing. That's a good question. Do you want to walk away for this? I completely ungracefully take it off and throw it at you. Give me that armor. How is this going to fit me? I'm just naked trying to squirm into these extra-skinny jeans. What color is it? Is it beautiful? Does it match my storm bow? You might not be getting this back, Scanlan. Wait, why did you need to change-- are you going to be up close and personal with him? Well yes, but. This was a really stupid-- why did I give that up? Now you're not here? Are you planning on doing something? As long as you're not melted from all the acid. Can I be talking to Zanror? I bring Zanror a big tankard of ale and sit down in front of him. MATT "Oh, good to see you." Yeah. Zanror? Did I hear you correctly before, that you have been the one speaking with the beast in the past? So when it comes and gathers its treasure, it stops and talks, or does it just come and take it and leave? So if the treasure looked different this time, it might stop and talk about it? I'm curious because I know you said you are lacking in gold and treasure. What will entice the beast? What if we had a way of providing some gold? And maybe you provide an offering of a different kind? What if you say that your father Kevdak had been plotting against the dragon and you found out about it. Would you be able to offer his body and the body of his allies as tribute to the dragon? Dragons are vain. Well, we may be able to get that back. How are you planning on hiding your fellow warriors from the dragon so as not to attract its attention? Because we may have some ideas. Okay. A dragon's lair is not-- We wouldn't do much damage to it there, in fact, it's probably laid several traps against us already. What if we could trap it onto the ground here? We have a wonderful tinkerer. Quite talented. And he's creating something to trap the dragon. Plus we can provide several chains. Once it's on the ground, maybe your very strong goliaths could try to snare it, grappling-hook it, throw some chains up and over? Well, hopefully it would only be needed for a small amount of time before our magic users have their way with it. And now turn it back, Keyleth. Ah? Ah? No strings! Once it's on the ground, if we can pull it down enough, she may be able to lock its legs into the stone. I like how we're walking through all of these ideas and none of it's going to work when we get there. Surprise. Very lightly. It was pretty great. The only thing I'm worried about, Zanror, is that if this ugly beast flies in and sees, oh, how many of your men do you have? 25 men standing around. Don't you think it's going to be a little curious as to why all of the sudden-- all of a sudden? There's a large number of people around, that's never been there before? It'll be super shallow. Just enough that they can come on up and out. Not a lot is going to get a dragon shaking in its claws. A surprise attack is going to be one of our best shots at grounding this thing. We want it to land, then we strike. We just want it to hit the fucking ground. Some gold to give. The stallion that mounts the world, for sure. So we really need to dig a trench. Around the area that the treasure is going to be. When you dig the trench, can I use my perception and my ranger ability to camouflage things and make sure that from above the ground, from the height that the dragon will be looking at it, that it's not seeable at all? I don't want this trap to be seen-- I guess I should wait until we find out if Percy finishes his trap and gets it in place to do all of this. I know Hide in Plain Sight is for myself, but I feel like as a ranger I'd be able to hide tracks and stuff. We can use a little Dust of Tracelessness or something? I know all of these things! All of a sudden! No, he said if we're going to do it, make sure it is hidden. I don't know if I wrote it down. He was the guy who saved us! He saved us when the white dragon came to Westruun. Oh shit, give him food, Grog! Oh no! Have we met Old Davin? Quick, answer it! Hi Percy. Look for Noja's book, look for Noja's book. What's up, Grog? Dabdrist Cojo? Are you with us, Pike? Pike's with us. Hey, what's up. You want to help us clear some stuff? Search around, help him search! Oh god, roll really good. She's super busy, brother! So busy. (gagging) Is that still there? Including your grandad! Oh, he went away! Aw, this is just not-- Okay. Well, at least he started. Did you guys make out? Was it really fun? Lots of making out there? I understand you have him on your mind. You can't get our names straight. Do you still think you're talking to my brother? I turn around and see him. Is he just standing there? Um, hey. Hey, what are you doing? Are you coming to help us, or are you just standing in the middle-- Do you want to help build, I don't know, a trench? Set a trap? What time is it? We haven't even started digging the trench yet? What fucking time is it? We're not there. Come on. Did he work all the way through the night? Oh, god! There's more we have to do! We need to get Fassbender into the middle where the treasure's going to be. You're speaking my language. How many arrows can you do that do? Thanks. I really enjoyed the idea of that. It can be maybe in a chest above Fassbender, 'cause he's going to be buried, and then it can be triggered maybe when the dragon lifts it up. 20 feet is really big. Oh my god! You know what you could do? You could make a trigger if he gets a certain height off the ground, and that way if he's over 20 feet above the ground, then it triggers and he's the only thing that would get affected. What if it gets above a certain feet in the air? Can it trigger then? I thought it meant if the glyph lifted in the air. But it might be better if he lands and then we spring the trap. It could be a thing, if he tries to leave it explodes. Would I know, is a black dragon-- does it have any weaknesses? It has no weaknesses. What about Fassbender? Is he immune to any damage? Can we fuse some chains into Fassbender so that he can be attached to the ground? Ready to go (squishing). Two big ones? All right. These are heavy. Wait, where are we putting it? You take left. I'll take right. Where do we attach these chains to? The ground? Just ten. Why can't it be 15 feet below the surface? When are we going to set the trap that Percy made? Why this creepy music? Because the fucking dragon's going to see us right now. Fassbender will lay on top of the trap. Right? He can't lay under the trap. You want to sing me some inspiration? 31. Little Dust of Tracelessness. Make it look like there's treasure on it. I take some of the gold that we have and-- A thin layer, where it looks like a lot of gold but it's really just a thin layer of gold over top of rocks. Grog. Question. We sort of thought maybe we could use Kevdak as a tribute, like we sacrificed him to the great shitty Umbrasyl. Is that his name? But it doesn't quite have the same effect without his head. Do you still have that head? In fact, I think I might have the head. Did I put it in my bag of cold? Would that be all right with you, Grog? Don't you want to kill this dragon, Grog? I don't have the head. I only have the gross bear tattoo off Kevdak. Grog, I can tell when you're lying. You're lying. Grog, can we maybe-- you'll be able to get it back, because we're going to kill this dragon and then you can just go and pick up the head and keep it again in your Bag of Holding. So we can make it seem like we sacrificed Kevdak to the dragon. Well, what? Do you want to be bait, Grog? There's exploding things around here. Are you sure you want to be in this area? I promise. We're going to hide in the trenches, yes? And the trench is all around that? They are covered. There, on the other side? You want to be able to get there right away on surprise attack, spring right out of the ground as soon as that trap triggers. No, I feel like they've gotta burst out, yeah. We need to have a feast. What is it? Instead of shooting arrows? Why can't you keep your boots on for that? Does it have to be attuned? No, I can't wear the circlet, dude. That's good. I can take off my Bracers of Archery, too, and put something on-- They just give me a plus two to damage rolls. All right. Give me the boots. I'm putting the boots on. And Abjurist Noja. We need to sleep. Will that last for 24 hours? He comes normally around noon, he said. We need to go the fuck to sleep. Set our alarm clocks. Did you use your tongues? They know the plan. As soon as he lands on the ground, everybody springs up and-- The trap should go (snapping). Get up and out. Yeah, regardless. I'm sure it'll be pretty loud. There might also be an explosion. You used it before. Yeah, the guy showed up. Oh really? I thought that was Divine Intervention that made the guy show up. I cast Pass Without a Trace on all of us. Thanks. I'm going to be up in a tree. Yeah. No, I'm going to be in a different tree. Can I use my perception to see how hidden everything is? Yeah, something far. I think Percy wanted to be in a tree, too, at a distance. Yes. Like the trees are 80 feet away from the stuff. Okay. I hide the hole. Everyone knows they need to not move at all and be completely-- You're right. We need to be stealthy up in the trees. Not yet. What did you roll? 22. Am I first? He has Fassbender. I guess I'm just going to shoot it. I mean, what else can I do right now? All right. My Boots of Haste have been clicked. Badass. I'm going to Hunter's Mark him. Wait. Yeah, because I'm still hidden in the tree, right? Okay. I'm going to Hunter's Mark him. I'm going to shoot him with my Longbow of the Sky Sentinel. So I'm going to roll. Advantage. Okay, so the first one is 12 plus 15 is 23. 27. 25. And 23. So. Okay, those are regular attack plus lightning arrow attack, right? I all of a sudden forget how it works. Plus 1d6 per arrow. 1d6 for the Hunter's Mark. And then 1d6 on the first one for the sneak attack. Okay. Plus the regular. 31 on the first arrow. Yes. 12. Plus nine. Right, I know. I lost my-- 18, I think. 18 was the last one. That was my first attack. For my second attack, I'm going to shoot him with one of my dragon arrows. Should I waste it on him? I have two of them. I've been saving one, but I'm going to use one on him. This is still advantage because it's still surprise round, right? Okay. 24. Okay. That's still my Hunter's Mark, and then-- I have a Jelly Belly in my thing-- And then that's 10d6 additional damage for the dragon arrow. Oh, okay. So an additional 10d6 damage for the dragon arrow. No. 6d10. Sorry, my mistake. 6d10. (counting) Sorry. 24 plus ten is 34 plus Hunter's Mark is another four. 38 on that attack. And then my third attack, I'm going to use the Blazing Bowstring. Do I still get advantage, because I'm still hidden? 20? 20? Okay. Wow. I'm going to sink down into the leaves, yes, and try to hide better. Okay. I'm trying to duck behind some branches so he doesn't have direct line of sights on me, okay? Some of them can try to like swing the grapplings around the ankles-- Oh no, what are we looking up? We're literally going to finish off this bag of Jelly Bellies. At what level? 4d6 plus two more d6. Yeah, she did. I gave him as much information as I could. Is it advantage because I told him where it would be? I'm up? Oh my god. Okay, I'm going to cast Conjure Animals and I'm going to conjure two giant eagles right in front of his face. (laughs) Sorry, Matt. I'm sorry. Okay. Okay, right in front of-- And Conjure Animals is an action, or a-- Okay. I'm going to tell them to attack his eyes. They get their own-- You sent me a thing-- let's go with that. Hold up. Giant eagle, dexterity is 17, plus three. And then for my bonus action, I'm going to-- I can't cast two spells, even if one's a bonus action? Oh, okay. For my bonus action, I'm going to hide a lot? I'm going to hide. I wasn't still hidden? Can I attempt to hide? But on my boots of haste I can use it to dash, disengage, or hide. Okay, my extra action. Natural 20. Wow, these guys hit real hard. How come they were hitting us so hard? What about the trap? Is he out of the trap then, too? Are they all going to die? The birds were up in the air, though. 15d8? Oh my god, you guys, we're going to die. Good job, you fucking wastes of space. They didn't even get to fucking go. What level are you casting it at? Yeah, so that's only two you used. 4d6 plus an additional two or three? Thanks, Matt. Thank you for pointing that back out. But it can't very well avoid it. You get a d8 plus your d6. Then you did the additional 3d6? And you only got 15? Do I get advantage on attacking it because of Guiding Bolt? I've got to see, because I just want to know. How far does Grasping Vine go? Do you know, Keyleth? How high in the air is-- I'm going to-- can it go from the bottom of the pillar up towards him? Yeah, I want to try to grasp onto one of his legs and yank him back down towards the ground. Ooh, which would really hurt with the immovable rod inside of him. I have two because I have a pearl of power. Okay. Oh, I didn't tell you. I should have. Yeah. Um, 16. That was my bonus. Okay, then I'm going to attack him three times with my hasting. All right. Okay. 24? Okay. And that's sneak attack, because he's got somebody close to him. Inside of him. Cool. Then just seven-- Ten. For the first attack. Then it doesn't hit. Then 26 for the last one. Nine. The Grasping Vine just still hangs out there? Am I hiding still? Ugh! Fine. Are they just the stupidest goliaths, that they're all clumping together again? These guys are dumb. No! Where's Zanror? Where's his wife? I thought a ton was 3,000 pounds. Okay, I'm going to try Conjure fucking Animals again. By the way, I was wrong. My pearl of power only works up to level three, so I don't have two level fours, I already used the one. So. Conjure Animals, again, two more giant eagles out of the ether. This time I want to conjure them like ten feet above his head. Oh, she knocked out a pillar on the way down. Okay. So they're above his head now, so if he shoots acid down, they'll be here. And their command is, attack his eyeballs. Okay. I'm going to use my boots of haste. For my perception, would I be able to see any weird little bumps on the dragon? Because my brother's been in there a while. Can I see anything going on? I'm sorry. 28. No, 29 perception. I'm going to aim right by there. But not quite at it. I want to make an opening around it. 20. Doesn't hit. Oh, it hits? Oh my goodness! Ten damage. He's getting my hopes up and then he's going to dash them down to the ground. That one doesn't work either. (mock-crying) Okay, that's good. 23! Okay. 11. How do I want to do this? (laughter) Dammit! He's only six feet tall? Yeah, 20 feet, you're probably 20 feet. I bet that hits. I'm sure that probably kills him. He's got six points left. They're going to fly and attack his eyeballs! Fuck him up. Roll four attacks? That's good. That hits. That one doesn't. Ooh! Then one other attack hits. So those would be, like, one beak and one talon maybe? Nine for one on the eyeballs. And eight on the talons. Eyeballs. That's cool, okay, good to know. Oh no! What do you guys think? Would you rather wait two weeks? I mean, this is you guys, too. You guys have to stay. I feel like that's smarter. That went south. That went seriously south. No! That is so terrible. Don't say that. No.