The merchandises? Well, you know, we do have that amazing David Mack poster. It is, actually, but it's available for three more weeks. The signed version is available for two more weeks. And since it is a limited-time release thing, if you know anybody that watches the show but is maybe way behind and they're not watching live, it would probably be nice to let them know about it, because I still get some messages about the Joe Mad poster that people can't get anymore. So it will be gone after this, so it's nice if they can get it, too. And we have the Scanlan tee, and we have our amazing Slayer's Take aprons. Slayer's Cake aprons. We have the amazing Scanlan concert tee. And, you know, a bunch of other t-shirts as well, and a whole bunch of other things. Go check out the shop on geekandsundry.com and you'll see all of the merchandise that's available. As many of us as possible? Who don't want to look at our faces. An old ally. What should we do next? What does the next step on this journey mean for us? No, but really. What should we fucking do? Should we go through it? Doty's gone again? That's true. That would be smart. We have another entrance. We have the one in Whitestone. It could be the same portal or they could both be within view of the tower. Yeah, they do the same thing. That's assuming there's only two. I can try, but in Whitestone, there was at least a visual path toward the ball, but I don't think there is one here, is there? Not within the magic orb. What if we collapse the one in Whitestone? At least try to block off the entrance to where they can't get out. What if we block this one, and then we block the one in Whitestone, and then we just-- I think we win, then, right? So there are three entrances that we know of, and we need to block all of them. There's one up top that we heard about. Oh yeah, did we rummage through the bodies? Let's rummage through those bodies. Is there anything on the bodies? Whoa, that was high. 23. We'll take those. We can take the plate armor if there's room for it in the bag, and then see if it's actually magical outside of the field. All right, and we already had two, so now all of us have one. He likes to save his bodies for later. Let's not do that. Let's not go through that hole. We can try. It's all that ale, Grog. All right, so now we have seven of those things, and we have to get eight of us through. You and you, bitch. Yeah, and you're here with us now. Scanlan. I haven't seen you do it. Tary, what do you think? Is Doty... The brigade, right. Well, have Tary Identify them. Maybe it's something specific. Outside of the field. Do you have any more Identify left? Can we have you Identify the plate armor that the big guy was wearing, so we can see if it's magical? So it's immune to Pike. Just good gods I think. I have so many things. Wait, hold on, Chod. There's-- Oh, Chod! Do you want a jewelry box that makes music? Do you? It makes music. You like music. I'll mark that off. Wait. Wait. Is that the Clarota one? That is the Clarota one, wasn't it? You're giving the Clarota thing, the resistance-to-mind stuff? Because we could maybe use that. Yeah, there's maybe a Grog in the group that could totally use it! I know! So maybe you should remember that you have it and give it to fucking Grog! I didn't know you had it! No! I'm just saying, if Grog has resistance to mind control, then that would be really good for us in a fight with somebody that's really powerfully-- I didn't know it required attunement. Not everybody has a Bag of Holding, Grog. We just give him everything. Okay, okay, okay. How do we collapse these tunnels-- Well, that's true! I'll do that from outside. And I feel like we're going to run into traps if we try to find it from this way. Maybe find it from the outside and just collapse it. That way we don't have to go through a series of shit. Yeah. Just in the tunnels, maybe? Do you want to go up and see if we can find the thing up top? It's daytime now, right? Outside? So can me and Keyleth go try to find the entrance up top so we can do something to that one? Matt Sure, okay. Just earring us if something happens. Oh my gosh, how cute would that be? Oh god, don't drop Pikeys. Yeah, there's that whole other path. There's that whole-- there's that whole other path and then the one up top. But I could hear a rumble so I know you guys did good on one of those paths already. (retching) The spins. Just a couple of sticky warriors. Yeah, up top. Both of us are looking for it. We're flying up. Can you fly? So, we can fly up. I was going to help you look for it because I figure you have a better ability to collapse it than I do. A goldfish! Of course you can, yes! Put your arms around me, Keyleth. I know, I work out a lot. Same thing. 21. I hover down near it, but don't get off the broom. Oracle arrow down the hole. Oh, wait! Can she set the end of it on fire? Aww. Let's just fucking collapse it. Well, just you fucking collapse because I can't do shit to this thing. Into it, into it?! Or just around it so you collapse the-- Oh, god, Keyleth! Fuck! Fuck! I get out the rope of entanglement and hover close to the surface and start hanging the rope down. That's fucking crazy. Careful of traps, though, Keyleth, because I'm sure there's something in there. Up here? Fabulous. Our friend, Keyleth, is amazing. Yes, she did. Don't hit any traps! Don't fuck with anything, Keyleth. Just collapse it! What do you see, Keyleth? Wait, you're looking down at the ziggurat? Get the fuck away from it, Keyleth! We still don't know how far that field goes. If you turn into Keyleth again, you're fucked! Get the fuck out! I'm holding my rope for her. You don't-- okay. Good job. Are you going to stay that way, or are you turning back into you so that I can get you on the broom? You can still talk, right? You just sound low. Crazy. Hey, guys. How's it going? What should we do? Make some medicine? Tary, are you coming back to Whitestone? A very good book. Lionel? Is it good? How are you doing? Yeah. Are you coming back to Whitestone, as well? Scanlan, I mean Aes-- is he coming back? Okay. Through the tree, then? Let's gather our troops. Find out what they've learned. We asked Cassandra to gather people to study the Shadowfell as soon as we did the oracle arrow last time, so it would probably be smart to find out what they've learned before we make our plans. And we have far less time than we would have imagined. Is Ryndarien here? We need to get everyone away from it. I'm going to run down to the ziggurat and try to get Eskil Ryndarien away from it and warn everyone to stay away from it. Eskil? Oh, yes. I'm a lady now. Well, I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but I'm afraid being down here isn't safe anymore. Plenty of work up top, away from this orb of death. It's very dangerous. We've discovered it's a gateway, and things can come through it, and there might be armies coming through because we just fought somebody on the other side of another ziggurat. She changed it. Did you know that siphons can be changed? It changed from one color to another. Because I was there to witness it. In Ank'harel. And it looks the exact same as this one. I agree. Fabulous. You're so agreeable. I do love talking to you. The big ornate bed. I have wonderful hearing. Yes, that's terrible. Can you look at this armor really fast and make sure that it's not actually cursed or anything? Was it cursed, or anything, when you looked at it? Would he have known from the Identify spell if it was cursed? Great. Well. I'm hungry now. I want to eat it! Be there in just a moment, dear. I just want to find Vax. Can I find Vax? I'm going to go look-- I'll look in his room and then I'll look in the temple to the Raven Queen that we have. Hey! Oh. Well. No. Hi. That's gross. Is it? Hey. One quick thing that I was thinking about, and I know that you keep bringing it up and I keep dodging this, right? But-- So, when I was researching the Raven Queen-- -- she hates undead. So the fact that Delilah Briarwood is back again and the person that we're going after, it seems perfect. Hey. Do you think your queen lady is going to chime in there and help us out? Maybe end this cycle of whatever the fuck it is she's doing. In the Shadowfell? That's so cryptic. Right. Okay. No. I mean, do you talk to her, though? Because, you know, Pike talks to Sarenrae. Right! So have you asked her if she's going to help us kill Delilah Briarwood? Okay. All right. Well. Not necessarily. Don't talk like that. I'm serious. You have to keep a positive outlook. Otherwise you're doomed. That's good. Life is good. Yeah. All right. No no no! It's about what I expected. Yes. Good night. And I go to the library. What? If she's done that, if she did that to the Sun Tree, how old is Delilah Briarwood? It was a temple to Ioun. Right. Yes. Because he's the god of secrets? What if she is Vecna? She's just finishing what he started. So they got run out of Wildmount? Another ziggurat? Right. And then she got run out of here, so she went to Ank'harel. What other pyramids have we seen, though? Have we seen any other-- The mindflayer place. That was a ziggurat. Under Kraghammer! Oh my god! Is there a ziggurat in Kraghammer? But it would've been underground. I mean, who knows where the fuck it was? Wait, wait, wait! What about the temple where we saw the other sphinx? Was that another ziggurat there? Ah! Is there a ziggurat-- They can come out everywhere. Well, he's a tree. We didn't look in the ziggurat in Ank'harel. There could've been bodies there, too. You're not here? Praying to Sarenrae? Obviously, it would take a very long time to go to every ziggurat that we've seen and see if there's an army inside of it. If they've been preparing things there over this past year that we haven't been doing anything! We should go to the Shadowfell and fucking end this before she sets out her armies everywhere. We have seven. We could go through. There's only seven of us. Who knows? It's the Shadowfell. We need to talk to Eskil Ryndarien and see what he knows about the Shadowfell, right? He's been studying the Shadowfell, too. I don't think so, at this point. We just have to-- Hey, at least Vecna's not a god. Bonus there. We can't waste time. You'll talk to Eskil, because I hate that motherfucker. Crotchety old fuck. I think that was the best one I've ever heard, though, Ashley. That was a really good one. Go find Eskil. Somebody else is going to go find out from him, right? While that was going on, is that caravan still in town that was coming through? We've only been gone a day. Are there any fancy fucking chalices that I could fucking buy for a Heroes' Feast? Fabulous! Do you have a sippy cup lid, though? How much? How much for the cup? 1,200 gold pieces. Well, Larry. You know that these chalices are probably going to be used to save the world. It does, doesn't it? And just think how wonderful it will be when you can tell everyone that you sell to that you sold the things that saved the world to Vox Machina. It wasn't a one. Persuasion, 19. Lady Vex'ahlia, at your service. I turn and show him the scales from the Chroma Conclave. This is my favorite shop on the Citadel. I like your style. Can I insight and make sure this isn't some sort of enchanted piece of fucking-- What would I add to that? Okay, see if he's full of shit. 14? You know what? Fuck it. We're probably going to die, anyway. And you just threw the sippy cup lid as a little-- Yeah. I want to buy some holy oil, or get some holy oil from the church, or something. (laughter) Where do I get holy oil? We've gotten holy oil before. I just can't remember from where. 21. Oh, really? Larry, do you have any holy oil? All right. That's it? Just one? Skeletons everywhere. How much? That's good for two applications, I think. Oh, this one has a little bit missing? How much? Because this is less than it normally is. 150 gold. Sure. Only because Percy gave me a look. You know what-- yeah, okay. Pat, pat where? You're not going to come with us? Don't say it's been a pleasure! I give him a big old hug. And I give him... I give him-- I don't have any feathers left, I don't think. I have no money, Tary. Tary, I ripped it up about two weeks after you moved in. I open up my pouch, and I've got zero personal gold. Just party funds. Percy. I think he'd want you to have that. Yeah, give it to me. Thanks, friend. 30-soul rock. Got it. I will show it to her. Help me! What is that? I think I might. Definitely. How are you going to get Doty home? Right. Lionel. I think he likes to be called Lionel. See who you pick up along the way? Exactly. I like it. It's epic. Catchy. We might not make it out alive. If you talk to my brother, that's what he says. He says it every time. Same. So we'll know. Of course we'll come visit you. I love you so much. The oil is helpful. Thank you. Right. Yeah, I probably should do that, huh? Okay. I'll brush it a hundred brush strokes every night, just like you. Bye, Goldie. (fake-cries) Yeah. That needs to go to a blacksmith, or something? We can't Plane Shift unless we alter the necklace. You have a bajillion health points. Why? Let's put something living inside of there and wait ten seconds and then take it out and see if it's still alive. If it's ten seconds and it's not knowing to hold its breath, it will come out alive, still. Can anybody tell if this plate is cursed? Can you tell if something's cursed, bro? Can you tell if something is cursed, Pike? Gross. Were you the one burping earlier, too? Yeah, but somebody burped in the first half of the game, and it was foul. I'm trying to figure out if this plate mail is cursed or not. No, but it's so we can put it on somebody here. Yeah, 'cause what if something's waiting for us on the other side? Yeah, but what if there is? We've got to waste a fucking minute. We've got to protect Scanlan for a minute. Okay, I'll put on my necklace. Fuck the robes. Are we going down? Sure. Can I get close to it and put the necklace near it without touching it? That seems promising. Nobody is proficient in history?! Oh god. Our notes on the Shadowfell. There are things that are moving below. I see them. As we hop down, I cast Pass Without a Trace on all of us. Do we see any other orbs around? 25. Yeah, I also want to look and see what the fuck kind of creatures it is that are moving around in the city. But I want to see what kind of creatures are flying around as well. 23. Ooh shit, you rolled bad, yo! Those buildings. Yeah, like hide behind something. (whispering) There's something in this building. (louder) Are there windows on the building, at all? Peek in. Why would there be otters in the Shadowfell? Does it look like any of those scary creatures are around each other, or are they avoiding each other? Grog! Get your head back inside. There's things flying around out there. I want straggly, but still a braid. Really nasty, straggly hair. I think we should probably try to observe the things that are flying around the tower. Observe. Still try to avoid any of those scary creatures, but see if they avoid each other as we look at them. No, those things were speedy. Be normal. Let's just do it. What is that? What is Foresight? Holy shit. That's amazing! Still being stealthy, but yeah. Matt's like, I will kill you all. The Chained Oblivion. Was the Shadowfell always the Shadowfell? Never seen anything like it? They don't look like they're afraid of walking around? I'm following them, just subtly. And we still have Pass Without a Trace on. 34. Is there anything else around? Should we kill them? Get ready for an ambush. When they walk past you guys, we'll attack. Wait until we attack them first. Two different ones. And it's an automatic... Natural 20. Not that it matters, because I already got a crit. Bramble shot. Oh, shit, dude. 56 for me. Don't kill him! Can he still talk? Pull the bodies inside. 35. I grab the thing that was making the smoke and bring it. That's what I'm thinking. We hide the bodies. We'll bring the bodies inside, too, so that nobody sees them. Oh, that's a good idea. Separate him from his god. Do it. No, he's not scared of pain. Do you know Delilah Briarwood? Vecna. I don't know! Who lives in the tower, Vecna? Is that where he is? I'm a really good friend of his. Oh, but he's not back yet! What ritual? What is the ritual going to do? What have they brought? And that shit's happening soon? We have a thing. We can at least get through town. He likes it. Stop giving him pleasure. Wow, we're terrible people. We should put him out of his misery. Should we grab any cloaks? I have a holy symbol to Vecna that we took off of somebody in the original ziggurat. It is, okay. I just want to take a nap or a cozy sit-down. This is amazing! We could put food out in front of us! I think it's necessary.