Go play it! Yes! Okay, you guys. I gots, you know, just a few, just stuff. So, you know the David Mack poster? It looks like some people have requested, so the poster-- not the signed one! But the unsigned one is going to be for sale for a few days extra, so there's that, that's happening. That's good news. Also good news is that some stuff is out of stock in the store, but all of it is going to the manufacturers right now, so things are getting made! So things'll be back in stock very soon. And! Actually, I think that's about it. There's still like, the shirts. Some sizes are available but some of them are out of stock, and that's all being reprinted. So you guys, it'll be back in the store very soon. Go check out the store! It's the strawberries. Aw, that's exciting. Tickets are on sale tomorrow! Well, yeah. It's 1030? Sweet. Yes, long walks on the beach. Did you say the sand is made of pearls? I just want to take a handful and look at them. Good idea, Pike. I'm going to take a good handful and put it in a pouch and save them. They're micro-plastic beads that have washed up on the shore. I guess. Sure. I don't know. I feel like we should definitely ask Sarenrae about it. But it's a little late to get rid of it now. Don't open the box! Does it feel like there's an eyeball if you shake it? Just shake it and feel. Does it shake around? Whoa! They're titanium pearls! It really would. Wow. Shameful. Wow, Grog. I'm going to keep an eye out, see if there's any movement in the fields while he's attuning his armor. 24. Does it feel nice? We love you too, Keyleth. Are we all healed up and healthy now? These Boots of Haste, I don't have to attune to them? They're not attunable, right? Or do I have to attune to them? Okay, that's fine. Then I'm just going to unattune my bracers and attune my Boots of Haste that I have on. I'm going to spend the next ten minutes cleaning them up and making them look really pretty. I'm going to get so much shit online. Don't die anymore. We're going to have to fight things in this beautiful place? I'll be behind Grog. Lovely. Trinket is out. And he is walking between-- behind me and Percy. Yeah. We had really think about being there, is that what we had to do? Maybe we have to let her know we're here. Oh shit. Is this a thing where you think you're invited to a party, so you bring your whole crew and then maybe realize they weren't invited? Yeah. Get us on the list. Once you're in there, then we'll join you in line. I want to get on my broom and fly up in the air and see if I can see her from the air. Okay, okay. How you doing, Pike? What? And I turn around and the ocean is still where it was, behind us? Pike. I don't think you've gone far at all, dear. I think you're in the same place. How did we do this before? Maybe we just have to think really hard about being at the tower. I close my eyes and think really hard about being directly in front of the tower. Oh shit. I open my eyes. She got all the fucking way there? What did you do, Pike? That's what I fucking did. Open your eyes, Grog. It's working for him. I'm going to try to follow him. I'm not going to aim for the tower, I'm going to try to get to Pike. Yeah. How did you-- how did-- Shit. We should have followed Pike. I'm going to close my eyes and be like, Sarenrae, I really believe in you. You're so holy, and very divine and beautiful, and I think you do really good things for Pike, and I'm very happy about that. Fuck. This is not working! I'm up here, dear. Like a train? All right. I'm not closing my eyes. I'm just holding onto Pike's hand. Nice! Good job, Pike. (laughing) It's beautiful. You know Vecna? He deals in secrets. It's kind of his thing. We do. He's been working on it for a very long time. What about the goddess Ioun? The goddess of knowledge? Would she have known? Vecna's been taking over her chapels? Temples? Recently completed a ritual in the Shadowfell. Oh no. How do we seal away a god? The Dawnfather? He's not doing a lot of talking to us. So it hasn't happened yet? Okay. Will he be as accepting as you? You should throw a party. Invite them all. Get to know them again. I'm going to send this to you, Ashley. Since Sarenrae is still standing there, I want to say to her-- shit. Shit, sorry. I want to apologize. This feels so stupid. I want to apologize for never realizing what you are and what this could be and for not showing you the reverence that you deserve. And I hope to change that in the future, and I will certainly think differently from here on out. Well, I think you're pretty wonderful. And I took these from your beach. It doesn't seem right. I just thought they were really pretty. What even are titties? Terrible. Matt's like, shady shit. Oh, I thought, but isn't that where the Dawnfather is? I understand now. I fly up next to Keyleth so I can see. Wow. Do you think this is like Sarenrae, where we can't get to him unless we have him in our heart? I mean, I've tried to talk to Pelor before. Maybe. I rush down and say, don't eat the fruit! I think it might be souls! Grog, do not. Do not. Don't! (gasps) Yeah, I'm going to check it. Hello, are you a soul? (gasps) Oh my god, it is a soul! It just spoke to me. Oh my god. What's your favourite color? It said blue, like my feather! Did you hear it? It was talking, Grog. It was talking. Not in the Bag of Holding, keep it in your shirt pocket. Are we getting any closer to the citadel? Are there any people? Does it look like there's tracks in this orchard? But they're picking the solid fruit? Yeah? I guess I'll be in the front. Percy, have you done a lot of talking to Pelor? Yeah. It's a long trek. We've got a while. Just keep on pushing on? Right? We don't have anything that'll make us move faster? That seems stupid. Yeah, it's beautiful. I wonder if its apple grew as big as the actual tree. If it fell, you'd be doomed. Hey, I think we're getting closer. Like should we put some sunblock on as we walk towards it? Do you think this tower is compensating for something, or maybe it's a representation. Hard to tell. That's good. (laughs) I'm going to look at the citadel with my eyes wide open for five seconds, and then close my eyes really fast to see if I can see better details of it like when you look at the sun. Hey, I'm doing stuff here; it's science. This is beautiful! Worth it! Worth every second! I like Pelor. I like him a lot. Should've worn sunglasses here. You going to try talking to them? Maybe they're like, oh yeah, Sun Tree I remember him, he got taken away as a seedling, but he was really great. How's he doing? Maybe they don't even speak our language. It's possible. Maybe he was just pretending he didn't like you because he felt uncomfortable because he likes you so much. Like Kash! Breathe in, breathe out. I hope they're friendly. He's definitely not as solitary as Sarenrae, is he? Hunin and Kyor! That we rescued. Didn't just meet them. We saved them. Hunin and Kyor. I even got their fucking names right! We're Vox Machina. We were sent here to speak to Pelor by the goddess Sarenrae. Yes, she did. To speak about a very big evil growing on the Material Plane. Oh no. Okay. 22? She's good. Hear that, Grog? You're not evil. Well, it belongs to the great evil, and so it's possible that we can use it to defeat him, so if we don't have it, we might not be able to do that. Could be really great. Okay. I hold Percy's hand as we're going in. Is the armor solid? No, just Grog, because he's an idiot. No shadow underneath us? This has to be Heaven. The doors just keep opening. Is the light coming from the tower? Didn't you do that just last week? Grog-- Next time we visit the Dawnfather, wear some underwear. This floor is like a mirror. It was you that I was speaking to, in Whitestone. I had no idea. We have the eye of Vecna. No, we still have it. Yeah, he kept it with us. Please. Do you know what help it would be to us on the Material Plane? Maybe it'll make him weaker, if it is destroyed. He obviously put it in his scion. We destroy it, we keep someone else like Delilah Briarwood from coming into power. Right? I say destroy it. You know so much more than we do. If you believe it is unsafe, then we trust your wisdom in destroying it. Then I say destroy it. I think that's a good thing. Yes. We seek out the goddess Ioun, the goddess of knowledge. The ritual of seeding was lost to time, and we know that the goddess Ioun is one of the only keepers of that knowledge. How can we prove ourselves to you? I don't want to challenge you, Keyleth. Keyleth... let me? I've never felt this before. I kneel. Just me, or the group of us? Well, I've got the boots, but I-- okay, I'm going, I take off. Sure. I click my Boots of Haste before he does it. Oh my god. Does that ever end? Do you have to cancel it? Can everybody fly? Before I Polymorph, I toss you my broom. You know that word! Can I cast Frightful Presence? All of the creatures-- no, of my choosing, so all the bad-- not bad guys, but you know, people we're fighting. Oh, really? They don't even have to make a wisdom saving throw? That makes sense. Do I take the alignment of the animal that I'm polymorphed into? Come on, the time is running out! Okay, I'm going to haste, as fast as I can. When I clicked my boots, do I still get a hasted action? Okay, cool, then I can go 160 feet. I'm going to try to tail whip him. Is that a thing I can do? Okay. Oh, I have a red dice, it's so perfect and I never choose this one. Oh, okay, well. What am I adding to it? That would be plus five? Oh, a plus seven. So 13. He's on my back, or he's like hanging onto me? I'm going to spin and try to slam into the wall and knock him into the stone. Yeah, I'm going to use my wings to thrust me faster into the wall. No, no. Okay. Athletics check, was a plus seven, so 19. Okay. That one didn't count. Okay. Ooh, okay, 21. Wait, can I-- Is he hanging onto me with one arm now? What is he doing, because I knocked him into the wall, right? I'm going to just dash. I'm going to fuck him and just dash. Double speed! 15. I'm going to use my legendary resistance. 19. Natural. Okay, 14. I'm going to take my claws up and rake him! What is it, 18! I'm going to reach the tower thing and push myself up through. I rush into the fire! What did I get? What is it? That's good for me. That fucking Finger of Death. As a bonus action, you channel the light of day into your being. For one hour you admit, emit-- fuck me running, you emit bright light in a 120-foot radius, and any evil creature within that 120-foot radius that hits you with an attack or spell immediately suffers 4d6 radiant damage and is knocked prone. (laughs) Once this blessing ability is used, it can't be used again for seven days. Holy moly. Thank you. Thank you for allowing me to represent you. Oh, good, thank god. Because mine sucked. I love opals. It won't be. I guess I'll put this in a really safe pocket, then. There's one that's got an extra snap. Triple snap and then a zipper over it. Oh shit. Oh my god, and I have the white-- Tight. We're all teeny. Thank you Marvel Puzzle Quest!