Yes, she really should. It was a really fun group in the audience last time. I like that. They're not new, but older d20s I'm pretty sure they're the special edition ones. I haven't looked at the store, they're the red set, I think. The ones that were available at our live shows before are in the store. I think I may have enough dice to go to-- one for each and every critter. They're like barnacles! I mean, yeah, charity. (laughter) 19. Brought it back. Oh god, just right in it already. We're just right in it. What is that? Shut up. That's so cool. I love it. He's got thick skin, I think. You said that's north? Towards you. Really? I mean, I want to so bad. I want to use my Spiritual Weapon! Okay, well, I will. I'm going to hold my symbol in my hand and do like this because I've seen Caleb do fancy things, and then I'm going to make it. Right above his face! Really close to his face. I'm looking. 60! Directly in front of his face, flat side facing him, and then just poof! 16! That slipped out of my hand. It doesn't count if it slips out of your hand. Ten points of damage! That's my bonus. For my actual thing, can I do a cantrip? Yeah! I'm going to Sacred Flame him! He's got to roll dexterity over 14. I'm a monster! Eight! Radiant damage. Yes. The spiritual weapon's right here, on his face. Who's up? I feel like I'm already sweating. Two shots in his leg! A legendary?! He's legendary?! I underestimated the amount of damage he would do to us. His name is Charlie. Isn't your Hex still up from the last game, too? He's going to hit you. Hit him in his butt! Does that mean he's going to get advantage on you now? Oh my god! What's with these rolls!? No, don't say it. Nobody has. Ah! Yeah! Nice. (groans) That would suck so hard. Good thing he's already frenzied. Okay. Molly, I'll get you as soon as he moves. Okay? So that he doesn't hit me. Okay? I'm going to move Spiritual Weapon around, and I'm going to use this side. I'm going to smack him right in his funny bone. Yeah! That hits. Then 1d8 plus four. That's cocked. Yeah! 12 points of damage. While he's shaking it off, I'm going to use my bonus action to Toll the Dead! I'm going to use my action to Toll the Dead! He's going to have to roll a wisdom of 14. Bullshit. So he saw me. I'm going to jump down behind, north side. Northwest side, right in the corner there. I'm going to go (small squeak) and try to not get hit. So every attack against you is-- No. 23 was not the critical. She's got 40 something hit points. Which you don't do. You're just unconscious. Shit. You came close to perma-death. Were you still big, too? LIAM and Okay. He bought that locket. Yasha, however-- It landed. He has only one legendary action for the whole fight? No. Behind the wall I start laughing. He's rolling really well. Yay! Run away really far. Don't group! Don't group up. Do we win? Yeah, but does that mean we win? He's on the ground! Yeah. Oh, we have to wait, it's like turns. It's my turn now. I'm going to run over to Yasha. Shit. Could I have reached Molly? Okay, then I'll go to Molly first. Sorry, Yasha. I'm going to-- I could have gotten to Yasha? Okay, then I'm going to-- because she's dying. I'm going to use Cure Wounds on her. My last spell, y'all. That is 1d8. Ten points of healing for you. And you're up! Then for my bonus action, I'm going to send my Spiritual-- oh, no. No, I can't-- if I touch him, he wakes up. Okay, I'm going to bring my Spiritual Weapon over to him. I can move it 60 feet. I see, okay. We have a whole minute? I can heal Molly while that's going on, then. Okay, I'm going to give Molly a healing potion. 2d4, I think I roll it. That's good. Seven plus two, so nine points of healing. You're welcome, I'm sorry it's kind of a weak thing, though. (gasps) Thank you. I give you a big waist hug back. I'm going to go northeast. Yeah. Oh god. Then as soon as his eyes start to flutter open, right? Who's going first? Do it! Go, Beau! (gasps) Auto-crit! Oh, that is painful. Can you run away before he can get an opportunity of attack on you? I did not expect that to happen! I use my Thaumaturgy to start chanting, Nott, Nott, Nott, Nott! ALL except I grab my Spiritual Weapon as we're leaving and drag the giant lollipop out of the arena with me. Is his hair long or short? They looked pretty cool. Do you think we looked that cool? Yeah. Nott, always keep your crossbow loaded. Just like you, Molly! Yasha, you should do that. Was the old guy the cleric? He's eating him! I use Thaumaturgy to say in the audience, "The Mighty Nein are cooler still." Throw some money instead! Yeah. Did you say all the politicians have already left as well? Oh, okay. Okay. Heal Yasha too, she's really low. Yeah, because they had a lot more people that fell, actually, so they probably need it really bad. But a very tiny dick, as was pointed out by our friend, Beau. They're cute together. Oh, she's the one that we talked to before. Dolan. Have I ever seen an outfit like that before? 19? Lady Fancypants McGee. So nice to meet you. Then the dude in the white robes? We beat a spider. Is everything okay, Starosta? You seem rather stressed. I'm good at spotting these things. The Leaky Tap. Yeah. Sometimes we stay at the Pillow Trove, you know. Thank you so much. What is your name? She did tell us. We're not going to die. The war is very far away from us. We should steal everything. I need time to go back to the Pillow Trove, you guys. I like to think you did the entire fight with it. Well, he pointed them out, we should go talk to them. What should we say? That's actually true. You want me to come, too? I can listen to the Starosta. You'll be great, Yasha. Ask about the Xhorhasian that they fought and then ask them how they do so much cool magic. Then ask them-- Ask them how they fly. You're not going to go too? Oh jeez. I'm going to constantly stay within a few feet of the Starosta, but not in like a weird way. I just want to like overhear his conversations and see if he's talking about war and stuff. Wisdom saving throw? He just did Zone of Truth on you! Super cocked. Oh, I spelled it right! Kryn is the empress of the drow, you guys. I'm not here. I'm next to Starosta. Is the Starosta still here? Okay, I'm still there. 20. I'd like to stop the Starosta before he leaves the room. It's the legal thing, after-- oh no, it's not! The Dawnfather is legal here. May I have a moment of your time before you leave? Fancypants, yes. Yes. My friends call me Jester. Well, I couldn't help but notice your body posture, for this whole party, has been rather tense. I don't know if you noticed, but I am a bit of a healer, and I'm from the Menagerie Coast, where I did a lot of mental healing, as well as body healing. If there's anything you need to relieve your stress, I'm very good at this. This is why I came here. I'm talking about somebody to talk to. To relieve your mind of your stress! I know you have people that work for you-- Or the Pillow Trove. Okay. I can help your mind! You just relieve that stress! It's somebody to talk to, it's very helpful. You're going to have the shits later. Oh man, you guys, I was really trying to get the Starosta to talk to me. I am a healer! I'm a really good healer. No, I told him-- I didn't give him a price, actually. That means I'm really good, is what that means. Not for friends. (whispering) I'm actually really shit at giving advice, but don't tell anyone, okay? Well, any time you have any problems, Yasha, you just come to me, okay? I need to go by there anyway. How long has it been since we've been in town? By this point, my mom has probably got the package here. Yes. I bet there's places in-- We could go to the Silken Terrace! Why not? Why do we need to go now? It's late. We did a lot today. That's probably because you just drank 15 drinks. Up early in the m-- Are we staying at the Pillow Trove? Did you guys divide the money up? TALIESIN and What did I get? TALIESIN and Yeah, that's really cool! I had the fro-yo, because it's healthier. Good night? Hello? Have a pleasant evening. MARISHA and I support you too in all of your endeavors, Nott. I'm giving Yasha a piggy-back ride. I like that you have a handle on your mug, but you don't use the handle. Maybe do the thing you just did. She's gorgeous. Hey, that lady, that's who I was trying to look like that night, you remember, when we were at the-- yeah. Hi, do you remember me? I was here before. You too. Did you know we just won in the Victory Pit? Thank you, we're kind of famous now. We think we might stay here tonight, too, because we thought it would be nice for The Pillow Trove to have famous people staying here for you. It depends on what you want to offer us as the Victories of the Victory Pit. Oh, yes, but we would tell everybody we stayed here all the time. I'm really bad at persuading people today, apparently. I'm doing a really bad job. I have a package probably here anyway, so I'm going to check on that. I'll let everybody else talk to you about how famous we are now. That's it?! Four gold! Do you know how much she wanted to charge me before? I'm going to leave it though, because I am walking away. I'm at the front desk. I'm going to see if my package is here from my mom. I blend in with my environment very often. It's common. I have a package here, probably. Jester. Oh yes, that would be the one I'm expecting. Thank you so much! It came, I guess! See, I told you my mom is really cool, you guys! Oh my gosh! (whispers) It's probably a lot of money, so we should open it up in the rooms. Oh, here. Of course, of course! Here's two gold for you. I'm very wealthy now! Now we don't have to worry about things anymore, you guys! Not the best kind. She has the best reputation, you know. Hmm? Who does that? Oh, I do ease people's minds. Like a tall one or a short one? What color eyes do you like the most? Do you want people with one color eye and the other color eye, like you-- Yes, yes. (gasps) Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark? Do they still have those? Okay, when we get the money, we should all go out and buy new outfits, and we should go have a feast, and maybe we can buy new clothes for the horses too, because I bet they would really like that. It's for everyone! I open up the box that says my name right on it. It says it right here, my name. It's not as heavy as I expected it to be. That's probably what it is. I have no idea what that is. It's probably platinum, because it's lighter. Ooh! (singing) Yes. She's really amazing. Do you want me to read it out loud? Okay, okay. "My darling Jester," that's me, "I do so hope your journeys have been safe, "fruitful, and wondrous. I've always wished you to see the beauty of the world around us, and while "the circumstances perhaps were not the most favorable, it has allowed you the freedom to "become your own woman." I spent a lot of time inside, I told you this, yes. Okay. "To show all of Wildemount and "beyond the gifts you have to offer, and the joys you have to give. My sweet girl, how I miss you." I miss her too, so much! "Your laughter, your energy, I've been sick in your absence." Oh, because I'm such a healer, you know, and I took care of her, so that makes me so sad. "But it is "the trial any mother must endure, I suppose. You're on your own now, and while I will always "miss that little girl, I'm equally eager to see the woman you will become. Tensions here are less, "but not absent. Given time, I hope things will vanish into the past, and you may come to see me "once more! Until then, I have included a small trifle, some things to keep you comfortable, "creating, and free. I love you. Your Ruby," my mama, "Marian Lavorre." She doesn't tell many people her real name, you know. Isn't it? I love my mom so much. Let's see what she sent us, okay? I open the little package. Do I recognize it? It smells really nice! Everybody really likes this smell! Blue, green, yes! This is so I can keep painting. I used up a lot of the paint that I had at the festival. 200 gold?! That is a really good amount of money. 200 gold is a lot of money, you guys. Well, I mean, when we left, you know, I had a lot more than that. But, you know, it's because I'm growing up, and we probably are learning about how to spend money better, so she's teaching me, probably, that 5000 gold is not needed every time. (panicked exhale) I really thought there was going to be more money in here. I did! I did tell her that! But you know what, that's totally fine! 200 gold is really generous of her! That's a really good idea. It is a lot of money! Caleb? I'm really sorry about that one time when you were talking about money with me, okay? That is really great. She sent my favorite colors. Red and blue and green and black. Those are my favorites to paint with! You can mix them. She knew I had a lot of white already on me, so I can make lots of colors. Well, it doesn't work like that. Do you guys want to split up the 200? That is true. I'm going to put this in a special place, so that we have it in case we need it. Okay? Exactly. This will be "Mom's Emergency Fund." I'm going to paint that on the bag. "Mom's Emergency Fund." Oh, it's in the room? Can we hear? Are we next door to this room? Can we hear what's happening? I rolled a seven. Can we hear? Yasha's in here, too! You said "Message received." It's weird. You should try a different one. We called down? Oh, okay. Yes. Tell them we want cookies and milk for sure. Oh, that's right. But Yasha likes to cook hers, remember. I don't know if they will cook rats here, though. Most of the places that charge a lot of money for rooms don't usually cook rats. But they do have other animals that they will cook for you. Probably like a cow, or a deer, or an owlbear or something. What do you guys want to do in the room now? Jesus. Bitch! Fine, bitch! I didn't want to listen anyway, bitch! Oh no, we missed our stuff. Well, it's fine. We did. We totally did. Well, I guess we should go back to the Leaky Tap there, and-- Oh yeah, we can load it up. You guys totally missed it. We had the best time in the room while you guys were gone for a very long time. We had a crazy orgy in our room and you guys didn't even want to be part of it. Oh, you know I'm lying. Did you roll shit, too? Man. Will they do that? But then, any city we go into, won't they lock us in that city? (gasp) You know what we should do? You guys! Why don't we talk to Dolan about it? He would tell us! He was at the party last night! He was with that really cool guy from Marquet. Let's go talk to Dolan. Let's go talk to Dolan, and then we'll leave, and we'll go to Hupperdook and then we'll go to Nogvurot. No, because Hupperdook is a funny sounding name! Then Nogvurot is where our friends from the other mercenary group live. We can disguise you as a kid and they could kidnap you and you could fight them from the inside. Of course, Yasha! We could ask Dolan about that, too. Can I say that while it was last night, I painted a picture with the new paint for my mom? I'm going to ask the front desk if they will send it to her. Back to our house in the Menagerie Coast. I mean, I have paints I guess. Okay, I'll paint it with the stuff I have. Ooh, colored inks? I didn't realize that! Ooh. Okay. Why? Well, are we still all together, or are we already split up? There's no way we'll be able to get out of here before-- Are we still? I mean, it's obvious we're at war now. There's not much to talk to him about, huh? Maybe we should see if we should be some armed guards for some rich people going across the valley before, so that we have, you know. Yeah, that's what we can do while they're at the library. We're going to go by the board first. The job board? To see about being armed guards, and then we're going to go to the-- Yeah, of course we will. Well, we were right here. Are we going to war? Would we get healing potions? We do appreciate the offer and we can't wait to talk to our friends about it, though. What is it? Why not? It sounds like a lot of money for something, though! If only my friend were here. Me and my friend Nott are really good at solving crimes, we're the best investigators. Okay. Do you think the war will make it all the way here? If you ever need anyone to talk to because you feel really stressed out, I'm here. I'm a good healer, mentally. Whoa, that was crazy! 10,000 gold! What do you think it is? Do you think it's a dragon or something crazy like that? I feel like The Gentleman probably works with the city, you guys. Back to The Leaky Tap, then? Get our stuff together? TRAVIS and Yes, he is. And we count our fucking blessings. We've already left the city. Anything. It was great. Molly told all of our fortunes. We just pushed the giant rotting head out of it and left it on the street. Hey, you guys. I never used my fate thingy yesterday because I'm stupid. Did you guys want to use it today? Oh, did I not tell you about this thing? Oh my gosh, you guys, you know the weird little thing that we stole? Well, it gives you this-- okay, so you focus on it and you go to this place and you can see it and there's this little gray ball and it goes "Touch me!" and then you go "Okay!" Then it comes out, and it goes in your chest, and you get control of your fate for one time in a day. Well, like basically like if you fuck up or something like that then you get to fix it, maybe. No, it's like all of a sudden you feel a little lucky, maybe. Let's hide next to the body that we just killed so that you can try it in the cellar so that nobody sees, because we should probably be careful pulling this thing out. Yeah. I pull out the box. Just focus on it, Fjord! I'll protect you! I can't remember. I think you just-- It can only do one person in a day, but we'll pass it around the group, so if you want it today, Fjord, then Yasha, you can do it tomorrow. Did he say anything when he touched it? Like Caleb did? Did you say anything? No, you were silent the whole time? No, it's just when Caleb did it, he was like, "I love you, Mom and Dad!" Then he started crying. Yeah? I close up the box. I put it back in the bag. We will ride the cart. Do you guys really think we probably shouldn't become legionnaires, then? No? We should leave town? That lady's really nice, though. She's like a grandma. I wonder how the contract works? I bet it's like a magical contract or something like that where you sign it and then they have like your soul! Oh, that would be bad. I bet he doesn't have any more yet. We should have bought some earlier! Do you know of anyone else that would have some? Right, but seeing as how you don't have any inventory. MATT "There is Grace of the Wilds, which is on the southern side of the Pentamarket. You can go ahead "and have Jasna Bree maybe help you there if the army hasn't gotten to her first. But I digress. "Respectfully, it's going to be real difficult this time of year." "This time of year," like it happens every year? Are you going to go to war, Pumat? But you're such a powerful person, don't you think you would be helpful? What was the pearl again? I would like to buy that please, thank you! Is it the Pearl of Power? I had that as Vex! Do you wear armor, Yasha? We already pushed the nasty head out of our wagon. Joining the city is protecting the city, more than it is joining the war. But you're under contract, for 15 gold a week. The big one's in Rexxentrum, anyway. If we stop by the merchants' guild we may still be able to be armored escorts for people. Or we could just go. Yeah, let's not do that one. Just be armored guards. Oh, I thought yes, that was a given right? I mean, we all work so well together. We make really good roommates! Did you want to swing by and see if-- Yeah, can we pop into the other shop? The old Grace of the Wild and see if they have any healing potions, just to check out. Yeah. Definitely be back in a week. Wait, do you have any herbalism kits? Oh great! Could I buy some-- Would I be able to make potions of healing with this? Yeah. Okay. Oh great. How many do you have? I don't know how I would tell. Oh, then no. Oh no, I only have proficiency with a forgery kit and a disguise kit. No, then fuck it! I don't want that shit! Can I ask a question? With a healer's kit, can you heal people when you're not in combat? Or is it just for stabilizing? Oh, okay. I'll look at that. Okay. I'll do it. Us three. Oh. That was bad. Yes! (laughs) Oh no! Slightly better. Five. Well. I think we'd have to wait. Maybe we should just go? We'll swing by and say, sorry we are declining. I think we are probably not going to be able to help out right now. You really will. After the what? What's a Hawker? Like a monster or something? From the Menagerie Coast? The Menagerie Coast is really freaking cool, you guys. Oh shit, that sounds really cool! What do you guys think? Hold on, can we talk about this? Pros, we get to visit the Menagerie Coast, which is always really cool. Do we have a time limit on when we'd be able to get him? Makes sense. That's what they said! We're really good at it! What if we were like, let's go after this guy, and then after that, we'll talk about being under contract? Like this can be a test situation. No, he ran away when he was a legionnaire. The Myriad does some scary stuff, you guys. How much of the bounty? But if we were part of the contract then we would get access to a bunch of stuff. Can we decide, can we talk about this? This is where we hit the save point. I don't know. Level five?! Oh gosh. Oh I'm rolling an eight as well? Five. Oh it'll go. Here, let me get-- Over on this side, you can manage your levels. My hit points are super low, you guys. He got Uncanny Dodge. I think I get Revivify now. I have Dispel Magic you guys! Great, so you can go back to the library next time. (singing) Too many options. Holy shit, you have so many hit points.