Arr. Stonejaw Strongjaw! Why unfortunately? Do you think it's the Captain Avantika? Fjord, do you want us to look like anything along with you, or should we just look like ourselves? Okay, I look like me, only menacing. Like that, and like I put a lot of cool tattoos on my arms, and like, I make my fangs even longer. Yeah! My dress is like, tight now. What does her jacket look like? I mean, sorry. His throat was slit, you can probably see. So he has a hard time talking. Arr! I mean, we have this boat. Is Gallan still down there fixing it up? Ooh. Leather thong! Let's all get in the boats. Travis, you look really hot. [cheering] Arr. Janet. I'm a pirate! [laughter, cheering] I'm Pirate Sapphire. Argh, thanks. Shit, shit, shit. Those are the only options there? [laughter] Cool. You know what a co-- Have you ever seen The Fifth Element? [laughter, cheering] Yeah. Which one of us was shot?! Caduceus has been shot! [laughter] Never. Well, what if one of us asked her what it does? Like you won't tell us or something. Yeah. I like that you brought Yasha aside and then all of us just-- Sorry, I couldn't help but hear what you-- Okay. We're going to ask Avantika if she will tell us. Yeah, because he won't. Because we're very charming. Well, I think I look really good, so as long as it lasts. Then I might make my dress like this permanently because of how sexy I am. [cheering] No, she said we could go back and get our things. They're our things. Sorry again about that. So we'd steal both of them. [cheering] Captain Tusktooth. Could you maybe make some more of those Idiot's Guides and spread them around through the rest of us? Those guides that you made, the sailing guides. [laughter] All of us? What is it, at the bottom of the temple? No, but really, what did you say? What was the name? (whispering) Uk'otoa! (whispering) Uk'otoa! Are we all supposed to get naked now? I don't-- You guys, you realize she's standing right here. [laughter] I turn around and I start dancing to distract her from what we're doing. Oh wait, oh my god, that's good. 20. (whispering) Uk'otoa. You have wet dreams, you have wet dreams, too! Oh! I shove a bunch of the fruit in my pockets on the way out. Is that better? It depends, is it a fully-cocked rifle, or-- Whoa. Captain Tusktooth? Doesn't your weapon have an eyeball on it? That's cool. Oh, but-- Oh! because she would also swallow, so she would know that her weapon would have it. [laughter] Right. Yeah, it was a fun game. Or are you going to become like a god or something? Can I look around and see if there's any peepholes in the walls or anything? 12. Okay. Um, no. Wait, wait! Caleb, what if you use your anti-sink bubble? I can use Thaumaturgy to make it sound like there's ominous whispers all around. Can we create white noise? Well, some of us actually saw it. Can Caduceus and I use our Thaumaturgy to make ominous whispers all around us so that it's like white noise so that we can whisper inside? Yeah, that's what we do. Constantly. We'll trade off so it's like-- TALIESIN and All of mine are just playing the penis game. (whispering) Penis, penis, penis. Penis! Oh my god, what if there's that many other eyeballs? You can like, swallow them all, and then you become like ultra powerful. I think you get a wish! I do. In your heart. (gasping) Does that mean she swallowed one, too? I mean, like really though, does she have one inside of her? (gasping) If there's multiple ones. What if she has more than one, and she's more powerful than you? (gasping) What if I, what if I'm walking along and I fall, and I accidentally go like, on her stomach? Lift your armor up, Fjord. I've been trying to find out for a long time if I can actually feel a lump. This is important, I need to know. Yeah. Exactly, I need to feel your abs. [cheering] Oh, I'm proficient! 18. I don't feel any lumps. And piercing eyes. (whispering) Krakatoa. Yeah. Ooh! Oh my god. What? [cheering] Oh, what is that smell? That's amazing. Are we going to blow up the ship? Oh yeah, give it to me, that's smart. [laughter] Okay. (Sam muttering) Jester's just pacing back and forth. (suggestive clicking) Sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry! [laughter] (grunting) What is happening?! Oh my god. They didn't, they didn't, they didn't?! What was going on, what did you guys do? Huh? Ew! Oh. Right. Well, I'm assuming, if she's got the eyeball on her hand, she has an orb inside of her, Fjord? Yeah! I mean it's got to be, right? What happened to him? (gasping) Wait, wait, wait, wait. What if Vandren had a different sphere? What if there was like a whole bunch of them? There's three. What if Vandren and you and she have them? What if Vandren had one and then she knew it and she killed Vandren. And now she's going to kill you and she's going to try to take your orb? How did the ship explode, Fjord? Who was Sabian working for? Avantika? I mean you roomed with him, Fjord didn't you see him naked? Whoa. What? It sounds cool. I mean. Oh, I don't know what you're talking about I'm just sitting there with my sketchbook, drawing Captain Avantika with daggers. Sticking into her like a voodoo doll. Yeah, aggressively. I don't know what you're talking about, I'm happy over here. What if the closer you get to it, the weirder you get? What if you start feeling those urges, like she has and stuff. Like the powerful urges. Okay. No, it's not. Wait. Put your face in it. Did you have a dream? Fjord! Are you lying? Ah, come on! I rolled a fucking one! I had this dream that I was walking in this field and then there was this banana tree right in front of me and I climbed it and I got some bananas and then they turned bad really fast. Yeah, so I think it had something to do with that. Then the grass was purple, and then this guy came up to me and he was like, "Whoa, I just "heard--" but then his face turned into an eagle and he flew away. What do you think it means? Okay. Oui. These lizard and snake people. Did they seem nice? Did you see any snake and lizard women and children? All right. I just wanted to know if they had happy families, that's all, you know. But what do they do for fun? Have you run into these people before, Fjord? Have you had dreams about them or something? Yeah they were like-- (laughter) What if we were already in one of the temples that we're looking for? You said there were three, right? What if that was a temple, right? That's what you were going for. I understand. Oh man, oh man!