This is so stupid. Sponsor? Oh, that's cool. Ooh, The Sponsees. That's fancy. You're actually doing something else on the internet? They're out. All the ones that got selected tonight are shades of pinks, purples and blues and I think it's lovely. That was so fast, though! What about our appearances coming up? Me and Travis-- Travis and I are going to be at Emerald City Comic Con the first weekend in March. We're on the last one, so we're solid. Does anybody need any healing? You need some? Oh, that's too bad because I don't have any spells left. Should we do something with this body? I don't know if it'll fit on the boat. Would it fit on the boat that we came out on? The whole body. Yeah, I got a bunch of rings. See? Is Toya waking up at all? It's probably best not to wake her up while we're carrying this head around. Does he have hair? What are we carrying him by? All right, let's carry him. Fjord, I gave you the bag of skin. Don't forget you have that. You have the bag of slimy skin. Where's Frumpkin? Oh, good. Oh, no! Oh, it looked like a one from this angle. Still pretty terrible. TRAVIS and You were rolling bad on this the last game. You need to stop rolling that one. All right. We told you we were having a party, man! I take off my cloak and I cover the head with it. No, not Toya. Over the head. I feel so bad. Maybe one more. Or two more. I'll pull three out. Go charm him, Fjord. You're very charming. It wasn't. Trust us. We like to be unsung heroes. You know, like superheroes with secret identities. Yeah, that helps people. But if everyone knows who we are, it'll be much harder to fight all the crime. We'll try really hard to not let you see us. We'll pretend we don't know you. She's a halfling. Don't boat drunk. How are we going to get this giant head to the authorities? Oh, I got an idea! Why don't you go get a wagon as soon as we get to shore, and we'll help you load it onto the wagon, and then you just take it on in yourself. They could make a lot of soup. Well, you know, whatever. You disappear quickly, because if you get drawn into that investigation, it would be bad. Oh! What were the two guards that keep coming to the tavern? We wrote their names down. That's right! SAM and No, he's going to go to the police and bring them to the head. Have you ever heard him say nergaliid? Did he teach you how to sing to affect people's minds? Sorry for what, Beau? Really. It was only because Kylre was trying to kill us and she was afraid that you were helping him. That went well, I think. She apologized for exactly what she did. How many people are around the dock right now? You weren't here. I'm just holding a bowling ball. Can I lob the head up over the side of the boat? Oh no. Eight! All right, I need help. It's still covered, don't worry. She can't see what we're doing, it's covered with my cloak. By the way, it's a little tiny cloak. It's like a half cape so it's like-- It's going to squish you. Oh, that's good. Gustav's in jail still. Some people are loyal. Who is not very stealthy here? Oh that's true, you're sneaking back to the carnival. I give you a nice little blessing. That's not comforting, Caleb. You can hold my hand. I'm warm blooded. Nott, you were too. Should I leave my cloak here over the head, sir, good sir, guard man? Should I leave my cloak here or should I take it with me? Just make sure you bring it back home. It's green. Okay, we stealth away. You just get advantage. Seven. Is our back to him still? Is it still dark out? Oh my god. Has anybody seen my shoe that I dropped earlier around here? Eight. It's not a shoe! I drop a ring. Wait, did we take a short rest when we were on the boat? We did. It was a short rest on the boat. Okay, I'm going to cast Invoke Duplicity. Behind the guard. Please please please. Natural 20! (cheering) Oh God. Oh, she doesn't make a sound, does she? I don't think she makes any noise. But if she can cast through her, then I can imagine she can make contact because she casts on touch. Well, if she's behind one of the guards then two of the other guards can see her. Yeah. My duplicate is going to jump up and down and start flailing her arms and then run down the alley around the building. Oh, come on! Did you see that behind you? That's my ring. I dropped it out the window. I like to wear them on my toes. Oh, please don't. Really, we just left the building because we wanted to go-- This is the stupidest thing! It's actually true, she wasn't with us. Oh, that's just mean. Oh, goddamn. I keep doing this so I can make a jingling sound with my chains. You know, the only reason we were out of the inn is because we were looking for you, Caleb. We didn't know where you went. Who is it? Oh no! What are you going to do? Not to get too close. Fiend creatures specifically. Oh well technically it was Caleb, technically. What brings you this far? The nergaliid! He's not here. Wait, which one were you pointing at? Yes. What is it? No, but you didn't roll a one. He rolled a four. God, why are we rolling so bad? You can't, she's chained up. Where are you getting a drink at? Do you want company? I thought you left. Oh. Hey, you guys, we're town heroes! What's it feel like? MARISHA and Yasha, it's very good to see you again. How long have you been in there? I mean, if Gustav has to stay here then who's going to run it? Well, I mean-- There's a lot of beer here. I don't know how many people around here have that much. Although, the breweries might. Was that Archivist Zeenoth that was outside? That's what I said. Was that who it was that was like-- Oh, who was it that was outside? I'm so tired. I mean, he attacked us. A lot of guards, too. He summoned imps. He summoned imps, Yasha! Careful Fjord, we haven't been healed yet, you know. She could take you down. Do it! Arm wrestle! To arm wrestle? I don't either. It was such a good carnival. I liked it. I mean, I could use a really large tent. Like the biggest one? I would take that off your hands. I don't know, I could open up a hotel? Or I could make a bunch of dresses. Or-- Yeah! Yeah, right? It's really pretty fabric. (gasps) A hot air balloon! Haven't you seen airships? Yeah! Yeah, it just involves fire you guys. We can figure this shit out. I've seen airships, okay? I've seen them. (gasps) That's what we should do! Let's not open it here, though. This town sucks! Aw. We waited too long! Fjord and I are going to try and get him into the Academy. Gustav, wait! Here. And I take off one of my rings. This is an old family heirloom, and I hope it can help you pay some of your debt. Well, that's so weird that you and my family have the same looking ones. You're welcome. They're right here. You can get a look at them! I play dinosaur fights. (whispers) He said forefathers. What are you looking for, Molly? You should make your way to the Menagerie Coast. I think you guys would have a lot of success in Nicodranas. It's beautiful. They're always looking for good performers. You would do well. Your first nemesis! I mean, she might have been. She could've been in on it, and just got right away with it. She's good. Do you guys want to travel with me and Fjord? Um... (chuckles) We should really get a map, you guys. I haven't spent a lot of time in this area and I don't really know where we're going. I wonder if there's a place-- maybe at the general store? They would have a map? Or do you have to go to a map maker? We'll go looking for things tomorrow. We can go shopping. Yeah. Nott, don't you want to travel with us, too? Yeah, she just said she was. (laughs) Oh, that was so close. Yeah. Oh. (laughs) Were they going to kill you? That you'll ever see. I'm very trustworthy. So we go south? Well, I mean we are vigilantes so it's best if we, you know, have our secrets. (jingling) Yeah. Life does need things to live. (laughter) Clamp space? Speaking of cloaks, mine smells really bad. I'm going to go try to find somewhere to wash it. Hey Caleb! You know what's upstairs? (laughter) You're bloody now, too, in addition to being stinky. (laughs) It's pretty and you can choose the wood. Oh, yes! Of course I do. I have a lot of bandages because I am the cleric. Yes, I'm going to open the medical kit and rummage around. Pull out some stuff. Give me your wrist! I can definitely heal this. 20. I've been practicing. Oh. Sorry. You came in really late. Are you allowed to talk about it? Tell us about it! You are a hero! Did you pass? I mean, they made you a hero, so obviously you did. This is so great. Can they let us into the secret society too? 15. I'm going to draw in my sketchbook a drawing of the devil toad head rolling along the ground like a bowling ball. SAM and Well, kind of. I put the little bowling ball things on there. And he's going to run into all of us, in chains, being knocked down like pins. Eight-- No, 15. Well, I did get really good training, so it's good that I know how to do shading. I want to go try to buy a map. Yeah! Warm Doo, D-O-O. All of us. Okay, I'm going to ask Yorda if there's a map maker in town. I don't want to go back to the stockade. Ooh, what strange book places? Can you draw me a map of how to get to those places? Yes, you're right. I guess we can try that place. Let's go on a trip! We've been there before. The general store doesn't like us very much. Oh wait. That healer's kit, is that the one you bought when we were together? You spent way too much money on it because I changed the tag? That was great. Now I have it. Cool. All right, let's go back there. They don't like me, but let's go back there. They don't like you either. MARISHA, Yeah, but they like money. Let's go. We are looking for pickles, did you get any yet? Most general stores have pickles, this is the only thing. Yeah, you probably should. I think you would do well if you sold pickles. Do you have maps for sale of the area? Does she leave the room? Don't put my hands in my pockets, got it! I start running around and just moving everything on the shelves again the same way as before. Yeah, just like moving-- Oh yes! 18 plus five. I mean, that could work, I suppose. It's not what we need, but if that's what you have that's what we can buy from you. Okay, that sounds like a good price, yeah. Yes, I do. And I have a pretty ribbon out of it. What the fuck?! What camera? Oh my god, you guys, let's go all of these places. Okay, we are definitely going to visit this place called Hupperdook. Then we'll make our way up to Nogvuror. Oh man, this is awesome. Hey look, look over here! This is where I live! Mm-hmm. Damn, this is amazing! Okay, I'll leave it up here. Can I just look around and see if there's anything interesting to buy in here, like-- I guess if I bought the painter's kit then it just stays and I don't run out of that. But I'm good on paint? Sure. Thank you so much for this beautiful map. You did a really good job drawing it. Wherever we go, I'm going to bury my head in the map and walk behind everybody like a total tourist. There's nowhere we can buy healing potions in this city? Let's try that. Sephora. What's the purpose of that? Yeah, my friends keep dying. Do you have any health potions? How many do you have? Ooh. That will last us probably, like, a day. We're superheroes. Sure, yes. How much for four healing potions? Okay, hold on. I open up my pack and I pour out all my money. I start counting it. Yasha, you should take it with them. Right now. It'll be fun. I guess I'll scoop my money back into my pouch and leave. No. You don't smell bad, what did you do? You don't smell as bad. They bought drugs. If you guys go in there and you buy a health potion, don't spend as much as he says, because apparently he was lying. Yes, and I show them the map that we just got. We're heading that way. Can I take the ribbon that was wrapped around the map and tie it around one of my horns? Thank you. We're heading north to-- I mean, we can stop through Alfield first and see if there's anything cool there, or-- what city was it that the academy was in? I mean, the ultimate goal, you guys, is to get to Hupperdook, but-- That's an afterthought. Well, we have to pass through Felderwin and the Felderwin Village first. Oh, is that the one you don't like? Okay, then we'll go up through Alfield, and then Zadash, and then we'll cut across and go to Hupperdook. How long of a travel would it be to get to Zadash from where we are now? A horse? Let's go back to the inn and ask Yorda if she knows if Alfield is a big city. Of course. Really? I love flowers, did you get me any? You don't know that. You guys, we are going to Zadash. Is that what we're saying, we're going to go to Zadash? I don't know, I just need to know where we're going, okay? Which is a lot farther. Zadash? Okay. Yeah. We can sightsee. I get along with everyone, Beau. Is it Ornna? Will you hold this? Before we leave, is there anywhere in town that there would be a courier service where I could send a message? Can I go find one? I'm going to write a letter to my mother that says, "Dear Mom, all of the money's gone. I "don't know what happened, but I am very broke and I need more. Please help me. I am going to Zadash. "That's where you can send it. Just send it to the inn that is the biggest one and I'll find it "there. Just address it to me. Your loving daughter, Jester. Please, thank you, I need help, "thank you." This is really fucking-- She better send money, because this is eating into it. Okay, I'll give the five gold for that. We'll send you a note on the way to Zadash. Then maybe you can meet us there. We skipped town without paying our inn fees. We did pay on the way in. I did pay for a few days when we got in. I guess that is probably enough. Oh man, this is fun. So glad you were here.