Oh God! That might be the worst one! Wow! I feel like that would be real hard to do quickly, so I'm impressed! So we lose an hour. I have an announcement. Is it on the list? Okay. Are you leaving from here to there? You haven't packed! Oh no, Matthew. Yes, I do! Oh my gosh, you guys, merchandise! Number one, the tarot cards, which a lot of people have been asking about, are back in stock right now in the Geek & Sundry store. Number two and three, check out these fabulous, fabulous T-shirts! Look at this, our throwback shirt! And we redid our logo shirt in new sophisticated-- If you're looking for them, they're not in the store now. We wanted to announce them-- I know. They're going to be available next Thursday. We're announcing them right now so that those of you that don't see this live-- They're going to be there on Thursday next week. Thanks, everybody, for talking over my fucking announcement. By the way, this isn't an announcement, but I think it's important, that I only chose from dice that were given to me in Seattle for my dice that I was rolling tonight. I was ordered to, so yes. Maybe. And also we should rent some rooms. Oh, okay, I will-- I will do that. I'm gone. He's not that tall. You're not Grog anymore. I'm hopping over to the card game. A lot of butts. My dress is nice, I don't know what you're talking about. Hop, hop. I sit down. What are we playing? Are we playing Go Fish, or War, or-- What is suiting you right now? I will play with you! I'm not very good, so you can take so much money from me. 17. You can finish your game though, I'll just watch. I applaud the younger guy. What do you want to play, Nott? Do you want to play? No, unless you want to get some milk. Okay. What is the buy-in? What do you wish to play? I do! I love it, this is the one I was telling you about! Yeah, remember, with the three cards? Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. I would watch that, too. Are you watching this? I would be watching this, too, because I'm kind of a-- 22 perception. Do we put two gold in, or some silver? Okay. You're not too little, Nott, you're not. Okay! No, no, no. Wait. I'm going to try to use one of my own cards and try to replace one of the cards. 19. I thought I was trying to cheat and replace one of my things. Do I get to choose what it is, or do I roll again? Okay. I rolled it. It was shit. Okay. I'm definitely raising two. From your two, I'm going to add in another three. So five extra on the table. Okay. The younger one? I'll cover my ears so I don't know. Oh, okay. Never mind. Hmm. I'm going to sleight of hand and try and replace one of my cards. Oh god. Oh, 16? What, by who? Oh, that's weird where did that come from? I shouldn't wear such loose sleeves, you guys. That was really obvious. Wait, cheating? What are you talking about? Wait, I thought that was part of the game. Is it not? Motherfuckers, they took my money. Yes Nott, I won real good. I only lost seven gold. That was a lot of fun, you guys. That was a good trick with the messages! No, but it would have if I had succeeded in these-- gosh I really need to get tighter sleeves, though. Molly, you have to teach me how to do that better, okay? What? (laughing) So bad. (yells) Ooh. No, probably not. You know what else we should do? Did we get rooms? Yay. Are we roommates? We should look for Claudia. Sheed. Yeah. Let's ask about-- We could ask. Bryce from Alfield. Yes, I am. We went up there, I thought. I was desanitizing him. Shitty people. No, I'm from-- you're from Port Damali. I'm from Nicodranas. Wait, what? Where are these shrines that you are talking about? Ooh, we were just there! That sounds good, too. Do the shrines usually have a lot of people in them? All of those guys. Of course we knew about those guys. Oh, well, you know-- Okay. Okay! I won't tell anyone. Well, we have the King's Hall board, yo. That's where the job postings are. Go fuck yourself! No! Especially one if it's furry and you can pet it. Was he perchance named The Gentleman? Oh, shit. Do you know him? Okay. That's the second verse. Are they going to have an orgy? I'm asking that of Claudia. Oh. I'm running to find Caleb. Oh, you have to look through his eyes. I just wanted to borrow some parchment. Do you have any extra pieces of paper, though? I don't know. Like 20 pieces. A really long one. I can make do with that, yes. Thank you. I've got you, too. I was spending my time cutting the parchment up into even, little rectangles so I could make them into multiple pieces of paper. I figured it was and Caleb was lying to us the whole time. Usually, in orgies like that, they don't let you stay unless (tongue clicking). You're part of it. Eww. Nice. So you did that to us! It's a pretty big group. There's nine of us. Are there? I've only met one other person named Beau. I think his name was not the same Beau as your Beau. It was a different Beau. I'm going to start folding my little pieces of paper into little trifolds. Aww, I want a bath so bad, but it's so late, Molly! Is it even going to be open at night? Okay. I have important work to do. I'll come with you too because I really want a bath. It's folded like this. TRAVIS and Oh, that's really bad. It's because I'm folding paper. Four! Damn it! If the people look like you and Caleb, they probably need it. Shitty people specifically. I do, I do get really mad. I know. Oh no! It makes sense when you're in that shirt. Before I go to sleep, I'm going to use my little folded papers and make little pamphlets to the Traveler. So it's going to be like, "Have you heard of our lord and savior, the Traveler?" He sure is the coolest, everyone should worship him, he's the best guy around. They're like this little, because I had to make them out of only two sheets of-- Well, however many I could make out of two sheets of parchment, so probably like eight or maybe ten. Beau! You know what we need to do today? We need to go to the pillow place and go get some money from my mom! You're not with us in our room right now! How does he do that? Because I asked her for it. Yes, but it's my mom and of course she's going to send me money! You're crazy. It's called the Pillow Trove. We need to go there. But we need to look very pretty, so before that, I'm going to see if Molly wants to go get a bath. Yes, we have to be fancy for that place. We also need to go to the blacksmith, you guys! As I'm coming down the stairs. We have so many things to sell. Good call. Plus, we're good friends of Claudia's! And me and me and me. They really are. Because we might make so much money from the blacksmith. What's a tabard? Okay. Aw, man! That's true. Yeah! We could be famous! Have you ever been famous? You have no idea the kind of stuff that is given to you when you're famous. Want me to go tell him he's got it wrong? Okay I chase after him. I chased after him already. Excuse me, town crier man? Where does your news come from? Where is your boss located? Because your boss at the King's Hall has some of his news-- his news is wrong. Did you know that the attack on Alfield was defeated by a group called the Mighty Nein? They're this really amazing band of heroes-- Yes-- Yes, it is, it's really cool. Because we were there and we saw it happen and it was really cool and you should probably get your news right-- Okay, because by the time, though, that we get there, and then it gets back to you, you've probably been around town so much, and then you'll have to retract your article, and that would be really weird. Fjord? What is this? Is this a new accent you're trying out? Fjord, you almost sound like Caleb. Are you planning on sounding like Caleb now? What are you talking about? Accents are your strong suit. You're really good at it, Fjord! Yeah. Wait, can I tell it's not actually him? Can I tell it's not Fjord? That's the thing. Can I tell from the physicality? Because you do accents. Fjord, you seem even weaker than you were before, pulling me along. This is weird. (gasps) Caleb? Is it really you? Okay, just let go of my ear now, okay. Hey man, I was just doing what Fjord told me to, okay? So don't you give me shit! Oh my gosh! This is perfect! Because if we're called the Mighty Nein, people will expect it to be a different group of people. Yeah. That's actually brilliant. He always knows what we're up to because he has his cat follow us. You killed its baby! Yeah! I'll lead the way! Thin as a wet toilet paper? I take my pink bag and I put it down on the table in front of him. Hi! We have things to buy and sell from you. I pull out-- Well it depends, do you have a hand axe that I could buy? Hand axe! Something that is very sharp and can kill people! Okay, put those on the table and then we will look at some other stuff first. Okay! I have six short swords, and I put them down on the table. I've got two daggers here! I've got two hand crossbows! Two light crossbows and two heavy crossbows! Maybe scrap metal is a good thing for this. But also! Also, we have some other things! I have them! We put everything in the bag, then it would be good. Then we fucking had them around our necks. We knew we were going to the blacksmith. And they were magic! They had to be real good metal to be magic! This giant lion thing with a woman's head had them around it and then we killed the lion thing. Do we want both of the axes or just the one? I need another weapon. Just one of the axes is all I need. I don't need both. Sound good for you guys? I like it. I think that is a very good deal. What's your name, sir? Yannick. I'm Jester. It's nice to meet you. Specifically one that's melting. Yeah. The bath! She's really scary. I follow behind her and yell Town crier has toilet paper stuck to her shoe! (laughter) Wait, what did she just say? We need to get a really big piece of vegetable. Ooh. Front of the blouse. No, she's alone. Ooh, that's good. Oh my god. In the time that Nott was gone could I spot the Allhammer temple? Just so I know where it is? 12. Are there people watching the board right now? As soon as he walks away, is there anybody, any guards looking at the board? That's a lot of guards at this one board. Can I try sleight of hand and just try to make that into Wangstacker? It was a 12. It makes more sense. Don't say it in the open, you guys, wait until we're in the bath. It's tiny little Fjord! Yes, Miss Rima! Oh, I think we plan on doing a lot of stuff, so probably all together. Rima, is there someone who can take clothing and clean it up as well while we are bathing?" You probably shouldn't, though. They can stitch up the holes and stuff. No, you were Prestidigitation-ed. Ew! Like the poop splatter! Four silver. I run by her and say cannonball! And jump in. Hair like the Little Mermaid. Oh my god, Yasha! Is it all upper body? What about the Prince Albert? I do. Did you see what happened in Alfield? That was us. We killed them all. We told her where we were going to go. We killed things for money! Oh, are you free of bandages and everything too and we just can't see it? Mm-hmm. So we still need a few people left. Did you know there's a spell that can do that? You're not getting in the water? You're just standing off to the side, Nott? But you're naked. You're ready to come in. Come into the-- What is it about it? Yeah. See? How did it feel? Are the old couple looking at us like we're weird? Is there anyone else in this pool with us? Yeah! It's all ours! It's a party room now! Myriad. Probably a bad thing to do! Platinum Dragon. (gasps) Do you worship the Traveler too? Oh, okay. I thought I would have known you if you did. We have really small group meetings. It's usually just me. What about you? Yeah, you don't have anything to hide from us. Everything is a milk bath. He wanted people to join the military, so no. I like killing roving beasts. Nott, do you want me to wash your hair for you? No one will see. Because you look like Fjord. We made so much money off of ears! And we're going to make a whole lot of gold over at the Pillow Trove. It's a fancy hotel place. Mm-hmm! She's the Ruby of the Sea. I know! You guys have really bad memories because it was not like this at all. I've been sudsing up your hair. You have to do it to dunk your hair. Which is whom? Are you from the Menagerie Coast as well? Are you from the empire? Sorry, Yasha. This is a lot. If you don't want to answer, I understand. I trust her fully. You stand uncomfortably close to people you know and make them feel awkward. And I walk really close to you, Fjord. Oh no, Fjord! Are you melting?! Oh no, you're turning into water! Okay. Yes. Is that what he was like? He called us "baby." Be like that. They probably folded them up for us. Who gives up first? While you guys do that, I need to go to The Pillow Trove, okay? I need to go to The Pillow Trove, which is the nice tavern in the place. No, that's fine. It's a quick errand. I just need to pop in and pop out, you know how you do. Before we leave, I run up and give Yasha a hug, and say I'm glad you're back. Okie-dokie. Yes, we have business at the Pillow Trove. Oh, well, I have business at the Pillow Trove. I have a package that's being delivered there. What business do you have at the Pillow Trove? Oh, yes, I hired him to protect me because you know I'm very fragile and delicate, but if he doesn't look well enough to be my guard, you're welcome to walk me instead. 22! (whispering) Sorry, Caleb. I'll let you know what it's like, okay? (whispering) Frumpkin, kitty, kitty. You guys are really on top of your shit in here. No, you said one point? He kicked the highlights out of his hair! He looks very embroidered and everything. So they dispelled it? What a dick. Like Caesar's Palace? Can I ask the guard What is that building? No. I'm new to town, actually. Oh, wow. I didn't think you had things like this in the Empire. I'm from the Menagerie Coast, actually. Nicodranas. Quite. Thank you very much, kind sir! I walk grandiosely up to the woman. Hello. I have a package that's being delivered to here. Jester. Thank you very much. Is anybody watching me? Good day. Maybe under Lavorre? Okay. Anything from The Ruby of the Sea, maybe? Okay, thank you. I smile back at the guard, like (pained laugh) this is crazy, isn't it? Well, that's really weird. Okay. Well, tell you what, how about, because it's probably going to be coming, you know, I'm here really early for it, you know-- so if it comes for me-- when it does-- could you leave word with the guard outside the Tri-Spire? The guard house, you know. Then I can come and ask if it's been delivered and then I can come, because I don't want to have to walk all the way here, you know, if it's not here for me yet. Okay. Unless I should maybe stay here, waiting for it? Oh! Yes, how much would that be? Well, I normally stay in the diplomatic rooms, but I guess the smallest room because, you know, I'm small. Probably just tonight, because it'll probably be here in the morning. Yes. Oh yes, here you go, thank you. Oh, thank you! 12, that's my favorite number! Okay. I go upstairs. I sit down. Right? Hmm. Traveler? Are you here? Shit. Okay. I don't know where I'm staying tonight, Traveler, I might be here, I might be with my friends, but-- Okay, I'll see you soon, okay! And I run back out of the room. (gasps) Hi! Okay. Do you think you could help me, though? I know. You do. I don't know how to let her know-- I don't know what to do. Okay. I pull out the pamphlet. Look what I made for you! People are going to worship you like crazy. Yes! Okay. I missed you. (high-pitched) All right, I'm going to walk, if you want to follow me, I'm going to go over here then. I skip away. I go back to the guard. Okay, I have a room here. I don't know if you need to escort me anymore because I'm staying here at The Pillow Trove, but I'm going to go, okay? Okay. Hey, guard, what's your name? Reeve, it's so nice to meet you, I'm Jester. And I shake it. Hey, so that guy that I hired to guard me, I gave him some money. What am I supposed to do, am I allowed to get him in here so he can actually do his job? The guy that was all in his tattered coat and stuff? Yeah. But I hired him to guard me, though. All right. Okay. You know, for six gold, you could buy yourself some real fancy clothes. I guess I go back to Caleb. It was really pretty in there. People are kind of stupid, but I did talk to the Traveler, so everything's cool. Also, I don't have any money. No, I mean I have-- I mean, that's about as much as I have now. It's so stupid, though! It's not, Caleb. It's not! That's what I made, like, every day for my allowance! Caleb! I didn't mean to make you put your shit on your face again. Guess what, Molly. I got a room at The Pillow Trove. Well, because my package didn't come, so I thought that maybe if I got a room there, then I can check in in the morning as well, maybe? Yeah, it's been not enough time, I don't think. It'll show up, of course it will. You just got to get some fancy clothes, man!