She's in green! Because we're Vox Machina! Well, everyone likes the underdog, right? I mean, that's why. I mean, he had been, you know, shunned by the rest of them, so we thought he wanted to get even. Yes, very much. But it didn't mean we didn't trust Kima! We just also trusted (whispers) Clarota. Yeah. Oh yeah, that's right! Could we have gone into that realm? And we all would have just died! You didn't want us to have the carpet? Do you remember? No, stopped questioning. I feel like, that was one of the biggest things when we switched over and we started filming the show, was we didn't want anything to change from the home game. Yeah. Yeah, from the S.H.I.T.s. We had a reason for it because we knew we were going to be starting this stream. He's like Hugh in Star Trek, from the Borg! I loved Hugh. How'd you get the scar, though? You had a scar on the boat. Yeah! No! No, that happened before the stream. We just had-- I think towards the end of the campaign you were like, "You may be running low on arrows." "What?!" Yeah, he did. Yeah, we had to deal with-- Was the guy with the purple hair, right? Was he Arcana Pansophical? Obviously! (laughs) Good ol' Victor. (laughter) Yeah. So much of the original characterizations came from Kit. Like the feathers? That wasn't me, that was her. All these little things that ended up becoming so-- Yeah. With our characters. Oh man! That was the first time you went invisible! Wow. Damn. I wonder how many times we've fucked that up. Like, different relationships, huh? A lot of times. Next campaign, still a bunch of dicks! Wait, can we know that? We can't know that! Ah! It's underneath Dalen's Closet. Lower. We have advantage and Luck. Oh shit, really?! Dagger, dagger, dagger, dagger. That woman's haunted me for a while, actually. I think about that one a lot. Yeah. Great vomit. How much did that gun cost? I know you didn't! You were magic weaponless the whole rest of the game! That makes them even cooler! No. Oh yeah, the "Darling, take the mask off." That was definitely starting around then. I don't know. I think it attracted her to him more. How fucked up is that? (laughter) Yeah. Sorry. "I can help him!" No, it's just like, edgy. (laughter) I mean, smoke came out of his body! Well that's half the fun, is going halfway with it and letting him take the rest, because you don't want to know all the mysteries, you know? The fun is discovering it. See, he's joked about this multiple times. I think it might actually be honest. That's awesome. Pretty freaking boss. What a bitch. He was a pretty bad guy. How did his snake belt go missing in the first place? Oh, I went and flirted with the guards. I talked to Matt about that-- SAM, LIAM, and Yeah, I went and flirted with the guards and got it back for him. I think there was a lot of winking involved. I saw another snake belt this weekend and I almost got it for you. I was like, "He doesn't "need another snake belt, now it's going to be another sort of thing." It was a really cool snake belt though! If I hadn't gotten you the other one, I would have got you this one. Go Scanlan. So close. You didn't have that many hit points at that point. What would have been crazy is we would have gone to Thar Amphala and then we would have fought you undead. Maybe this is too much for her. I don't know! Maybe Vax? And we dealt 50,000, that's so much percentage of our damage dealt. Yeah. If he talked me into it, I would've left. I would've fought him about it. But if he made that decision and he was going to go, I would've gone with him. But we did it! Oh, have we not answered this before? Oh, man! I found a bunch of love letters from Gilmore and his first boyfriend. So that's why I didn't tell anybody, I just put it back because it seemed like, okay, this is personal. It was a good confirmation though that we were actually in Gilmore's bedroom. Because up until that point, we didn't know for sure. It was letters, what good was it going to do? If it had been letters gilded in gold, I would have kept them. But they were just letters. I don't remember that. Purvan. Wait, so we went and got Pike's armor and Fort Daxio got destroyed? What happened? I don't remember. A lot. Is that a later arc? Or is that the same time? He had that weird, like... (uneasy noise) I liked him. I really liked him. You were so mad. I saw spiders. I have a similar follow-up question. Are there any more cookies? Because I really want a cookie. Yes! I don't think I deserved that change in alignment! (chewing) Because it wasn't that bad! (chewing) All I did was steal a broom. Steal a broom. I was going to give him a whole bunch of dragon scales, but he walked away too fast! He did though! I think it changed because Matt misunderstood my motivations for things. Hey, that's a good point. No, it was just because I wanted to fly. You just have it right there? Wait a minute. You wrote 69 in that thing. And then in the wrap-up episode, you said you were in your forties or fifties. Really? Okay. Yeah, but it didn't go to you right away. Yeah, and then I gave it to him. Yeah. And then I found out it fucking had wings. Mother-- I like that there's other vestiges in the world for the next campaign. And we killed them all? Fuck, we should have kept a baby dragon. Oh, see? So I had plenty left. Meh. Oh my god! Eagle. Only the ones that succeeded. Damn, that would've sucked! Nah. No! I mean, no. Once she got money, that's what mellowed her out. Once she became rich enough that she didn't have to fucking worry about paying for things anymore, she was like, "Okay. This is "what it's like." The rakshasa. Good thing she's so powerful. She would've taken him down. No problem. I still have one in my inventory. Yeah. Yeah, that's what you do. You straddle somebody when you give them your heart. We didn't talk about how we broke up. We broke up and then got back together and then we got married. Yeah. It was very private. Trinket was there. It was in front of the Sun Tree. They kill you. So everybody that was there got caught. Oh, how did we say this happened? I think it was we were out on a walk and then we were talking about marriage. Let's just do it. Let's just go for it. Yeah. It was very spur of the moment. It's not like there was a proposal and then we had a whole thing. It was like, "Should we do this? Let's fucking do this." And then we did it. Did we say you asked as a joke, or I asked you as a joke and the other said yes? We should probably get married, then, huh? Yeah. No, Tary knew before anybody else did, though because he was in the house. Yeah. Sorry, bro. You were going to get told. Yeah, everybody's going to hate me now. Not everybody. Ashley really tried. Making fucking forfeit counterfeit furniture! As a gnome, wouldn't it have been a two-handed weapon for him? I don't even remember telling you not to get married. It was a bad time for all of it to come out. It really did. It looked so good. Yeah, we were Scooby-Dooed. Can I ask you a question that does have nothing to do with that but the fate die kind of reminded me of it? Did you have plans for the hag cashing in the favor? From Vax? I would go Hunter's Mark, but I think it's Pass Without a Trace. I really thought it was Pass Without a Trace! From here on out, it's Guiding Bolt Up the Butt. It was a scaling sort of thing. Yeah. Sylas has a pretty shit existence at this point. Which is nice. Harold! His name was Harold. Oatey_Goat! Those things were in the way! Yeah, that's one of the things that we talked about. Later in life, they made peace with each other. She worked to rebuild that relationship. That came from having five kids with Percy and going Oh, this is what family means. This is what having children means. It suddenly became very important in a different way to reach out to Syldor. I'm Gary! Dried poo in there. Forever, I have the Kevdak skin in the bag of colding. Just a big piece of skin. Shut--! True! What the fuck! Oh, cows! Talking to Trinket for the first time! Flying. Fucking flying. Scanlan was pretty impressive the whole fricking time, let's be honest.