Hello and welcome to another exciting episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of nerdy-ass voice actors, jesus, sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. Oh gosh, okay, so this is my one-shot. I'm nervous as all hell, but it's going to be great! If you have may have noticed, tonight's episode takes place at the-- please don't sue us-- school of Schmogwarts. First, before all of that, let's get to some announcements. Our sponsor for the night is-- Sorry to interrupt you, but our poster is in this freaking book! Yes, it is. It's at the end of the book. It's at the very end, Brian, at the very end. There it is! There's our poster! Isn't that so exciting? Yay! Before we get to that, the latest episode of Between the Sheets featuring our very own Marisha Ray is now available on the Critical Role YouTube channel. You can tune in at twitch.tv/criticalrole on Monday for a one-on-one chat-- oh!-- with Matthew Mercer. Then the all new episode of All Work No Play will debut on twitch.tv/criticalrole that's our channel. Jeez, this is hard. On Friday at 700pm Pacific. SAM and Yeah, where you guys pair up with makeup artist Alexander Ward, right? Creature artist? I've seen some of the pictures from it and it is freaking amazing. I wish this freaking announcement sheet was longer, because now it means that we have to get to the game. So I guess-- Without further ado, let's-- I don't know-- should we roll credits or something? Tonight's episode of Critical Role. [magical music] They're sipping nutterbeer at the Five Brooms or buying sweets at the local goody shop. It is, it's really good. All of the students and faculty, except, that is, for you five. No, you five are in detention. You've been asked to serve in the Defense Against the Dark Farts classroom. As you file in, early in the morning, the first student to walk in is a Dryffingor. Sam, why don't you describe your character? Do it! Go for it, Sam. No, you're a Dryffingor, get it right. Jesus. Yes, you're a student. I sent you a thing, Sam! Technically, you're a witch. But whatever. Yes, you do. You walk in and you sit towards the front of the classroom like you normally do. You're followed in immediately after by a slight gentleman, rather small of frame. Brian, why don't you tell us about your character. (singing) And I like to do drawings! All right, and what house are you? All right. Bryan, you follow in behind Claire. You think about sitting next to her, but you've always been uncomfortable around girls, so you end up taking a seat in the row behind her, off to the side. Following in behind Bryan is an athletic, built guy. He seems really cool. He's a Smytherpin. Taliesin-- Andy comes in and sits next to Claire. You guys are pretty familiar with each other being both popular students. Your mother spends a lot of time at Schmogwarts? All of you look to the back of the classroom as a commotion happens. A very tall student, disheveled. He'd be handsome if he didn't look so scruffy, maybe. Walks in, he's knocked over a stack of books as he walks in to take his seat. Travis? Bunder comes in and stares all of you down as he takes a seat a couple rows behind Claire and Andy. All of you stare at each other in silence until a young Horfleporf walks into the classroom. She's got scarves all around her face, her hair is all disheveled, and it's odd because instead of walking behind you, she walks all the way in front of your desks, around the classroom before filing in and taking a seat behind you, Bryan. Tell us about yourself, Liam. No, you probably shouldn't. No, don't share it yet. Don't share it yet. As you stare at each other, suddenly-- The door at the top of your Defense class, you know belonging to Professor Furbin, slams open. Whatever. She walks out upon the stoop and says, "Well, well, well. Here we are. I feel I "must congratulate you all for being on time. And to thank you for allowing me to spend my day here "with you instead of celebrating a day off. Yes, Claire?" "The time is approximately 706, that means you have exactly two hours and 54 minutes left to "ponder why you're here--" "-- to think about-- Bunder. Would you like another detention? You're familiar with this classroom?" "Well, there you go. Next Saturday, you're here with me again." "It already is two. Do you want three?" "Three it is, keep going." "Four it is, give me a full month, Bunder. Are you done?" "Quiet, Bryan. There will be no speaking. There will be no moving from your seats. In fact, "I'm going to give you all an assignment." She begins walking around passing out pieces of parchment and quills. "I want you all to write me an essay, at least a thousand words, telling me "who you think you are. When I say essay, I mean essay. Don't just write the same word over and "over and--" As she's speaking, there is a small tap at the door. "Oh, for heaven's sake!" She walks to the black of the classroom-- the back of the classroom, opens up the door, you see her speaking to somebody in hushed tones. "One moment, do not get up!" She steps out of the classroom and shuts the door. The door opens back up. Professor-- what did I say, Furbin? -- walks back in. Professor Durbin Durr! Walks back in. "I'm afraid there has been an emergency situation. I "have to leave the classroom for a few, hopefully, minutes. You are not to leave this classroom. "Finish your assignment. Do as you're told. I have ways of knowing what is going on in here. "Are we understood?" "That is none of your business. And you, Bryan, will be here next Saturday as well, serving "another detention." "If any of you leave this room, you'll be serving with him as well. Two months! Two months "detention for leaving this classroom. Are we understood?" "Quiet! Behave yourselves. You are young adults," and she leaves the classroom. Oh, what do you do? Her office is at the top of the stairs. The door's at the back of the classroom. You have shelves along the walls with all of the books that you're used to. Yes, it is. There's cubbies. You've been in this classroom for years, though. You know exactly where everything is, shy of her office. Locks on the doors? You can try. Which one? The classroom door? All right. It seems like the school is used to students trying to fuck around with things and maybe it's not letting you do it. Roll a perception check, all of you. Well, you're busy making vines, aren't you? 15. Okay. Claire and Andy, sitting closest to her office, actually that makes sense, both of you hear very faint, almost sounds like a small child. Is it screaming? Maybe calling for help. Yeah. It's not locked. Mm-mm. It's not trapped. Yeah. Bunder, you're actually really familiar with this room, having served so many detentions, a lot of them one-on-one with the professor. So this is the office you're used to. Everything's where you were used to seeing it. Actually, let me bring in a map. Oh, here's your classroom! All right. So this is where you are. Claire and Andy, Bryan-- I did. Bryan, Allison-- Yeah, totally not Sharpie. Here's you, Bunder, you're back here. I can put you where you're at. No, but I'll use some of these figures over here like Sam did. Okay. So this is Allison. This is Andy. This looks like Claire, because you've got flippy hair. Oh, this is perfect because this is a Smytherpin! This will be Bunder. Then this one right here is-- Well, you're a girl. We'll switch this. This is Ally, this is Bryan. You have walked up here, Bunder. Andy. You go join at the top of the door and you walk through. There's actually no portraits on the wall here. But, what you're used to seeing in her room, are three large tapestries covering the walls. On the one on the back, you see a giant tapestry, like you're used to, of a green dragon sleeping on top of a hoard of gold. The way it's woven, you can almost see curls of smoke coming up from his nose. On the left wall, is a phoenix rising from a big mound of ashes. It looks like the fire is actually glowing in the weave. On the right wall, you see a tapestry featuring a herd of centaurs. Is that what you call them? A group of them? I don't know. Galloping over a hill with tall blades of grass almost blowing in the breeze. It seems to move as you look at it. What you're not used to seeing, however, is in the corner, a little-- it almost looks like a birdcage filled with little sprites? Pixies? You're not sure. "(gasp) You "heard me. You heard me! Help, please!" "You have to let us out of here. I don't even know what she's doing!" "The professor?" "Yeah. She's obsessed! She stole us from our home in the forest behind the castle. Please. "We just want to get back to our families." It looks like about eight of them. Are you walking into the room? As you walk in closer, you can see better now that instead of a normal fairy, they almost look like there are two arms on top, two arms on bottom and each of the fairies have eight-- four legs. That's how it would go. Four arms and four legs. They have humanoid features, but closer it's almost like a tarantula, they've got a fur covering their bodies. They're pretty small, you can't really see. They're almost a black color. Beautiful wings, dragonfly-like wings. They are, but they're sitting. They're not flying in there right now, they're sitting very sadly. I'm going to take my necklace off because it's hitting things. "Please! Why are you laughing? You have to help us." "Yes!" "By this woman! This small woman!" "Please! We were brought here. The professor says she wants to learn about us. I "don't know what that means!" There's a neat stack of books on the desk. Everything else-- she's a very clean professor. There's no beverages. No, nothing. "They took one of our friends. I haven't seen her since." "No." "I don't know, it's hard to tell time in here. Please!" "I haven't, but I miss my family so much. Please! If you let us out I can tell you how to "open her desk." The desk? The cage has a small lock on it, yes. "I know where the key is!" "It's in the drawer. On the left-hand side of her desk." Okay. You look at the desk. There's three drawers in the left-hand side and the middle is more intricate-looking. It looks like the middle drawer is the one that's locked, that she was talking about, but you can open the left drawer if you want to. Okay, you open it. Sitting in there, you see a small key that looks like it would fit in the birdcage. As you open it, the fucking sprites go fucking crazy. They just come out into the room. I want everybody to roll initiative. Let me find my little dice, because I don't have actual sprites, but I have these little dice that I'm going to use to show where they are. Itty-bitty dice. How many do I have? How many did I say? One, two, three, four, five, six, seven. Then we'll use this teeny-- Oh they're so teeny. So they fly out. One goes over here. One comes over to the corner. One comes up on the desk. Two fly out the window, out the door. One flies over to-- who is this one? LIAM and Allison! One flies over to Andy and one comes at you, Bunder. Hold on, let me roll initiative, too. Okay. I have no idea how this works. 25 to 20! Okay. 20 to 15? Oh wow. 15 to ten? Are you fucking kidding me? Two nines? Okay, Bryan. And then Bunder. Bunder and Andy. All right. Let me look at this sheet and figure out when they go. (singing to herself) I mean, look at how many fucking things I put out here. I have no idea why I did this. That's okay, these are little guys. Do you really want to kill them? I mean, come on! All right, Ally, you're up first. What would you like to do? Yes. Okay. Up next are the biting sprites. The one next to you is going to bite you. Yeah, that does not hit. That definitely doesn't hit. And that's it, right? That's all you can do. Okay, they're going to bite you. She's going to roll. Oh my god, this is terrifying! Oh my god, I rolled a 19. That definitely hits. That is a 1d8. Okay, that's good. That's a three. You take three biting damage and then you have to make a constitution save. Oh, good! You saved. So you only take five points of poison damage. Okay, the next one! This one's going to just dance around on the desk and take a piss. This one is going to attack Andy with a multi-attack. They're going to do a dagger attack on you. They have little daggers. Tiny little toothpicks, but they are really fucking fast. She's going to make three dagger attacks. (laughs maniacally) The first two are, oh jeez, 12? Okay, the second one is 11, that doesn't hit. The third one is a 14, so it does. Where's my eight? Here it is. Ooh, that's cocked. It's really great, isn't it? LIAM and Ten on the first dagger. Oh, damn. Only two points on the second one. Oh my god, right?! Okay, so that's that one. The third one is standing on the plant in the corner. That's what this is. That's the fourth one. I don't know what she's doing. The fifth one is attacking you, Bunder. She's going to bite at you. Oh, I don't think it did with a natural one. It's a nothing! She goes to bite you, but she's just in awe of your earring and bites that instead and licks it a little bit. The next one goes after-- oh, they both flew out of the classroom. They just fly out and they're flying around the classroom. They start flying over here and knocking a bunch of books off the bookshelf and ripping things apart. Next up is who on the initiative? Yeah. Brian, you're up next. They're teeny. Hey! And attack that plant? Oh, nice. All right. What is that? Tell me how Sacred Flame works. Okay, let's find out. Definitely a success, that is 16 plus six. They are very tiny. They're hard to hit. But as you get over there-- this is you, right, dweeb? As you get over there, the plant comes alive. It's a violet fungus over in the corner. Oh my god! I can't believe you fell for that shit! It's going to make an attack against you. That definitely hits with a natural 18. It's going to do 1d4 Rotting Touch. That's just four, no, two points of damage. All right. Up next is Claire. Oh, they do? All right. They're still alive. How about that? Okay! Up next is Bunder. What do you want to do, Bunder? Which one are you hitting? The one that's attacking you? That doesn't hit. All right, up next that's Andy. (laughter) Nice. Whoa yes, that definitely hits. That sprite is just obliterated. Little, teeny flecks of blood splatter on the wall. Awesome! Okay, you jump up there. That hits! Seven points of damage. It's hanging on, but just barely. TALIESIN, SAM, and All right, we're back up to the top with Ally. It doesn't hit. It's laughing at you. It keeps darting out of the way going (mischievous laughter). All right, that is the sprites' turns. Oh jesus, this is a lot. The one next to you, Ally, is going to dagger at you. The first two do not hit, but the third one does. Then that is-- what did I say? It's just a little thing, the daggers. Oh god, it's a lot! Okay. Dupe, dupe and a dupe. All right. Oh, but only one hits. Never mind, I'm going to roll again, only one hits. That is four points of piercing damage. The one on the desk is going to attack you, Andy, for coming at her, with a bite. 12 plus-- 16. Okay. That's 1d8 plus two, so that's six points of-- oh god, no! You have to make a constitution saving throw. Nice! That is five points of poison damage. Oh! Halved, because you saved. You're a Dryffingor! The one in the corner with you, Brian, is going to attack you with three daggers. Dagger, dagger, dagger. I know right? Sorry. Is it a ten, does that hit? The third one misses, you're lucky. That's two daggers. (laughter) Okay, that's eight points of piercing damage. All right, you know what? I'm pretty violent here. The next one down, it's just like hanging out in the corner. It's going to start taking its daggers and destroying the tapestry of the centaurs. The ones over by the books. Claire, you attacked them, why did you do that? One hisses at you, and the other one flies at your face. She is going to try to bite your nose. Oh does a 13 hit? Awesome! Make a constitution saving throw. That's eight points of poison damage. Are you all going to die before we get out of this room? All right, Ally, you're up. Oh, no, just kidding. Bryan you're up, the faeries went. Oh nice. That did not succeed. Eight points. Did you already hit it in the corner at all? All right, it's still hanging on. Just a little bit. Okay, Claire! Okay, that does not succeed. It is barely hanging on, but it's alive. It's very angry at you. Of course you can. It actually seems to enjoy it. It starts laughing as you do. Bunder? Okay. What do I have to get? I succeeded. I'm sorry. Ugh, it takes-- Aww. I was going to say for a bonus action. Oh that's right, you're a sorcerer. Ain't nobody got time for that! Andy? 22 hits. That means you would have killed that first one. Just obliterated. It's just splattered across your desk leaving a nice messy smear. Okay. Oh wow, what? It's those Smytherpin dice you're using. Again, you knock her down and splatter on Allison's shoes. Back up to the top, Ally. What do you do? Ooh, both of those? You walk over here and you're aiming this way? I'm going to roll for both of them. Neither one succeed. They're both slammed up against the tapestry. This one impales itself on the other one's dagger and they both start sliding down the wall. Now it is the sprites' turn. The one in the corner with you Bryan, she's going to try and bite you again. That's a 15 plus-- yeah that definitely hits. Make a constitution saving throw. BRIAN and 12? It hits. (laughter) Okay, good. All right, the one next to you, Claire-- She's going to grab onto your hair and start pulling it to try to dagger-dagger your ear. The first one, she gets tangled up in the hair. It misses. The second one definitely hits, and the third one, again she gets caught in your earrings. That's four points of piercing damage to your ear hole. Yeah. The one over at the bookcase continues to stay over at the bookcase and starts shredding books, laughing the whole time. Oh yeah, this is a little bookcase over here. That's what this is. Tearing up the books, pieces of book go flying everywhere. Claire-- no, Bryan! What do you do? Whoa! All right. Yes, you do. Roll for a spell attack. That definitely hits. Did you cast it at level one? Oh, yeah. That little fairy is smushed amongst the plant. In addition, you also flattened the fungus that was attacking you in the corner. Wow. Claire, you're up. You did one missile at the one on your face and two at the one? It doubles. Okay, nice. No, they're both still alive. (laughter) Okay. Bunder, you're up. Everything in this room has been splattered, so all that's left is Claire screaming like a-- Don't you-- Yeah, use your wands, wizards. That is completely wiped out. Andy, you're up. There's one sprite left, but you can't see it. Yeah, you can. Well, you can't see the sprite, but you can see fucking mayhem over here. You can come down like that. It's what? Yeah, it's ripping up pages. Wow, okay. And try to smash it? Oh, I've got to roll. Oh! Natural one! Andy kicking butt on these little strikes. What a jock! What an athlete he is! The book smashes up against the wall, the sprite gory on the other side of it. Slides down. In the aftermath, you realize you've kind of destroyed her office, in addition to the classroom. Of course you can. The centaur one. Gorgeous. It was really nice tapestries. Yeah, they do. So Allison, you come over here. You go rifling through the desk. Let me see what you find. Nothing really of use, but you do find a lot of drawings of centaurs. You see a drawing of a spider creature, which is, interestingly enough -- nobody noticed -- it's similar to a little spider that's sitting next to her desk under a little bell jar, a glass bell jar. Yeah, it seems like it. Not moving a lot, but it's there. She's also drawn pictures of horses with wings on them, skeletal wings. Yeah, that's all you find in those drawers. Okay, roll an investigation check. 15. You feel around the back. It seems like somebody's stuck a piece of gum under one of the drawers. You keep searching. Oh, that is so gross. You can feel, maybe, like a little bit of a lump. Something sticking out just a bit on the second drawer. You press it, and the drawer opens up in the middle. All right. On the inside, you find just one sheet of paper, and it's a letter from Headmistress McLoglilagh? McLoglilagh! Letting Professor Furbin know that she cannot accept her request to become the professor for Care of Magical Screechers. (laughter) Saying that they have a really wonderful Care instructor already, but, should the position ever become available, that she will definitely let her know. You see little splotches of water on it, like she may have been crying over this. No, that was the main drawer. She was protecting that poor, sad, little letter. Okay, roll an investigation check. No, there's a classroom door. There's-- There's no secret-- I mean, you can look, but-- Five? You don't find anything behind the tapestries. Nice. Your makeup looks really good now. Nice! Oh, I like it. Roll a perception check. Ten. You put your ear against the door, and you can hear what sounds, maybe like, whispers on the other side? It's very subtle. You can't tell. You can try opening the door to find out. (laughter) Roll an investigation check. Aw. Alas, nein. You do not find anything. You can try the door. It's unlocked. You see a pretty dark hallway. The school is shut down for the weekend, but-- normally, when you exit the classroom, which is down one hallway -- so your class is at a diagonal and a corner -- to the right is a hallway that you know leads up into the further west wings. To the left is a hallway that leads to the main stairwell that will take you down to the main entrance, the great hall, everything like that. Nice. So you going stealthy? Everybody roll a stealth check. Plus ten, yes. Whoa. Whoa! Whoa! Geez, Louise! Well, you know what? Everybody else rolled really well. Okay, which way do you guys head? Towards the left or the right? You heard the whispers over to the right. To the left is the big stairwell. You know it well. The stairs move. They'll take you to every level, but also to the main hall. Okay, as you walk by, you see what the whispers are, and they're the paintings on the wall. "Oh, oh, oh, oh." You see a painting of a jolly-looking man sitting. He's been looking very frightened, actually, frazzled. "Oh, students! Students! Do you know what's happening?" (grumbles) "Pff. It's coming from down below. Did you hear it? The professor came out running." The painting next to him chimes in. "Yes, yes, yes. She seemed very frazzled. She seemed "very scared indeed." "She ran below." "Mmhmm. Can you tell us what's happening?" "We saw her talking to somebody, but we couldn't see who it was." "Well you're of no use, are you?" "Tell you what, children. Will you go find out what's going on? It's very dreary up here on "the wall." TRAVIS and "Remember everything. Tell me a story, won't you?" "Oh, yes," the man chimes in next to her. "Please, tell us a story." (laughter) Towards the stairs-- You're not going to heal? Oh god, really? As you head down the hallway, you see on your right hand side there's a door that leads to your level one spells class that your took years ago, your first year at school. You all know it well. Then straight ahead is the moving staircases. Yes! No, it's actually open. It's a dark classroom. You can hear a little shuffling inside of it, actually. The room lights up and in the corner you see a little house elf. "Ah! Oh! Students. Beetle is very sorry. Beetle didn't mean to be out here for you to see "her. Ooh, please don't hurt me." "There's a bit of a commotion on the lower levels. Beetle is very sorry for it. Beetle hopes "it didn't disturb you." "Well, hmm, Beetle wants to tell you, but--" Beetle starts hitting her head against the wall. "I just--" TRAVIS, TALIESIN, and "Schmogwarts is my master." "Yes. Can't you tell?" She's wearing clothes. She's wearing a very nice little-- Yes, she's wearing a frock with a Schmogwarts logo on it, actually. "Pretty student makes a very good point. Beetle wants to tell you. Beetle needs help." "Hmm, no. Beetle needs help down below." That sounded really dirty. (laughter) "Please meet me next to the Great Hall." She apparates out of the room. This was level one spells. There's nothing. There's just empty desks and a board at the front of the classroom listing spells that you all know like Light. You make your way out into the very tall pillar where you see a bunch of staircases moving. You know that one of them will take you down and as you start to get on it, it starts shifting slowly over like it's going to another entrance. Do you run down the stairs? All of you run and make an acrobatics check. Nice. Nice. The three of you run, you make a flying leap and you make it across. Easy peasy, no sweat. What did you roll? Ooh, Bunder-- And Andy, very surprising as such an athlete. As you run forward, both of you leap at the same time and actually run into each other, and as you leap you barely catch the edge of the archway. All right. All five of you safely across, you start making your way down to the Great Hall. You enter-- It's very dark. As you're walking down the stairs, you can see a raggedy looking cat crossing your path. She's looking around with red eyes. She crosses your path. Everybody make a stealth check. All right. As you walk-- As you walk down, you spot Mr. Borris, who you know is the cat belonging to Mrs. Blinch. Yeah, the caretaker of the school. They will definitely report you if you're seen out of the classroom, so it's very good that you all rolled very high. You squat down and are very quiet as Mr. Borris pads out of the room and across the way and enters the Great Hall. You very quietly make your way down the giant staircase into the entryway and look around. Poof! "Beetle! Beetle sees you, thank you for meeting me. In here." No. Into a broom closet next to the Great Hall. All of you pile in. It's a very tight little room. "Thank you for joining me." "I need help down below. Beetle needs help in the kitchens." "Hmm, no." "Follow me." Beetle apparates out of the room. Make an investigation check. Your hair is in your face. How do you see anything? Yes. All of you can look around this broom closet. Oh, well. No need. Claire sees all. As you all cram into this broom closet and start feeling around-- Claire, you realize there's actually a very small doorway at the back of the broom closet. It must have been what she was talking about. Do you enter? Yeah, if you crouch down, if you crawl you probably could fit. All right. All right marching order is what? No, you're not. Okay, Claire the armor. Then Bryan. Then who? Okay. All right. As you guys make your way down this little winding stairwell, we're going to take a break. All right, we'll be back in a little bit, I guess. Oh no. All right. And we're back. The Club o' Misfits heading down the spiral staircase to Beetle's lower levels. Yeah, did I just-- Oh I did, I knocked all you guys over. That's fine, because as you guys come down the stairs, nothing happens. You walk out. It's fine. You walk into a giant kitchen. It is a giant kitchen in the same shape as the Great Hall. It is humungous. There's lengths of tables like your house tables all the way down to the front, but instead of seeing your stage where your professors normally stand, you see lots of stovetops and cook prep. You have hearths on either side, three each, where they're cooking different types of stews and everything like that. You see a lot of house elves around. There's a ton of them busy working, getting ready for when all the students come back from Schmogsmeade. They all scream. They scatter. They go running, except for one. Beetle pops up. "Hi. "Sorry about the mess in here. Most students don't see this. Okay, well, I want you all to know-- "Beetle wants you all to know that your professor is occupied. I've told her there's an emergency "situation and she was needed over in the East Wing, so I sent her that direction. Okay." "Um, no." "Ooh!" Beetle starts hitting her head against the archway. (sobbing) "Beetle is sorry for lying! It was important. If Professor Furbin knew that "Beetle had lied, she would be beaten!" "Thank you, very tall, dark, handsome student." "Professor Furbin has asked Beetle to help her in the past. Professor Furbin had Beetle "gather up sprites from the Dark Forest behind the castle." "Yes. Professor Furbin is very interested in magical creatures." "She loves them, I guess. Beetle did gather up a spider as she asked. Yes, perhaps you "students saw this spider?" "She said she liked them. Beetle didn't tell her where she gathered it from, though." "Maybe I can show you?" (hesitantly) "Yes." "Students don't need to go to the Dark Forest. Beetle can show you. Please, follow us. "Follow. Follow." All of a sudden I'm Sméagol. She walks down the length of the kitchens. Do you follow her? Okay. In the middle of the frigging kitchens, you see a giant fucking hole in the floor. "Spiders weren't happy that Beetle stole a child. Beetle is sorry. Spiders wanted it back." "Mm-hmm." "Please, spiders are coming out of hole. Mrs. Furbin would be very angry. Headmistress "would be very angry if she knew." "Perhaps students can just kill the spiders." "Not very big. Bigger than Beetle, but barely bigger than students." You're going to go down the hole? Mmkay. There's a giant hole in the ground and you can see a ramp. It looks like maybe a pillar has fallen and it leads you in a nice ramp down the hole so you don't have to drop. All right. Down there. As you light up the hole, you can see it's a very deep hole. It goes down for probably about 60, 70 feet. It's dark at the bottom still. Make an acrobatics check. Okay. You start sliding. Your feet start to catch on the stonework as you go and you actually stumble forward into a run, but you do land on your feet at the bottom of it. Do the rest of you follow? Do you travel carefully or do you try to slide like this jackass? I don't judge, I'm a DM. I don't judge. Hmm. Jack. Ass. All right. All right. As all of you travel down this pillar carefully, you land in this very large cavern. As Beetle said, there are spider webs around. You don't see any spiders, though. What you do see is behind you it looks like there's been a cave-in. Maybe there was a doorway behind you in the bottom of the cavern before and across the way, you do see a small doorway opening, but the main thing that you see-- Why don't I just show you? Hold on. TRAVIS and Oh, I knocked all of you over again. Here you are. You landed all down here. Bloop. I don't know what's happened to the last one of you. You're apparently just dead. Bloop. All right. Hold on, I'll be right back. It seems like you have landed upon a giant board of wizard's chess. It seems like it's seen better days. They're battle damaged; some of the pawns are missing arms. There's a knight that's missing a head across the way. The king has been impaled through, but it's standing there and you all are standing on the board. Can we just show how hideous Schmagadriel is? She is so ugly. Anyway. (gasps dramatically) No, there's nothing. You land on the board. Yes, you certainly try. Okay. I do. In conjunction when you cast Prayer of Healing. I'm going to mark this, so you know, that it's a concentration spell, Beacon of Hope. Oh yeah. So 13. What's your dex? Of course not! It seems perfectly safe down here amongst these giant spider webs. Make an investigation check-- Or a perception check, rather. You can see there seems-- You saw something pull back when you landed. On the other side of the board. Hiding behind the pillar over there. This one that is standing upright. This one is the only one that's fallen. Okay. You stepped here. All right-- The board moves. The board moves to here. Yeah. Where do you guys want to be? I'm just kidding. All right. No, that's you. Which side? This one? I know it's cool, right? And Andy? Which one? This one? All right. Okay. Yeah, you did, but I thought you only moved forward one. Okay, all right. I'll allow it. All right. As you do, it fades into nothing and you take the spot. It's his turn now, and it's going to move to there. The knight moves forward, the pawn shifts out of the way as this knight slides forward and takes its spot. He's very intimidating, this knight on a horse. It's you guys' turn. Yeah, you can. This pawn's going to move forward two spaces. As this happens, suddenly, three spiders come out of the darkness! One comes out from right here, and they're walking towards the board. LIAM and I know, aren't they? This one comes out from this pillar over here, and this spider drops down from above over here. It's your turn. Yeah, sure, roll for initiative. 25 to 20? 20-- 15 to ten? TALIESIN and Okay. Claire and Andy. What did you guys roll? Man, clerics, they always go last. It's like a rule. Whose turn was it? Oh god! Okay. This pawn moves forward at the same time that this spider-- Rolls up and starts walking towards Allison. It can't move that far. No, I know, but the spider-- No, the pawn just moves back. There's already somebody occupying that space. You could do that. All right. Do whatever you want. Do it! Oh my god. Okay. Oh no! I do not succeed. The spider does not succeed against the Tidal Wave. So you took out the rook and the pawn? Okay, hold on. Let me roll for them. Okay. Neither of them save on their dex either. Okay. Yeah. TRAVIS and That one is knocked prone as well. Okay. 23 to each of those? Okay. Did you want to try to move anybody on your side of the board? Oh, that's right, they haven't moved yet. No, they did. Oh god. Okay, okay, okay. I did not because these two, knocked over, are out of the fight. They can't get back up. All right, we've got the spiders' turns. This spider is going to come up here and attack Andy. They're going to make a bite attack against you. Oh, that is 15 to hit. Okay. That's 2d8 damage. Whoa. (adding) 15 points of piercing damage against you. Now you need to make a constitution saving throw. All right, you save against that, so no worries. Now the other spider uses its turn to stand back up. Oh, he's still alive. He stands back up and he can get to about there. No. Let's say he can't get you yet. He's very waterlogged, he's uncomfortable. Claire, you're up. To attack as a person person. You have to use your boobs. You remember that Beetle did send you down here to kill the spiders specifically. Oh my god, okay. I know, it's so great, isn't it? Okay, so all of them need to roll. Okay, wait. I've got to say which one is which. This one's for the spider. That one definitely saves. This is for the knight and the pawn. They both fail. Okay. Okay. Minus 12 and minus 12 on the knights. Yeah, they're still alive. They're still standing. Yeah, let's be honest. Next up is Andy. Ooh, okay. He's still alive. You want to move the rook up here? It will because it's wizard chess. The rook will move up and he'll attack the giant spider. Let me see. The rook is shaped like a giant castle, so it's weird to see pieces of brick come out and start flinging themselves at the giant spider, but it's going to happen. He makes an attack roll, and he hits! TRAVIS and Whoa! He does a lot of damage. Oh my gosh, I don't even think I have this many. (counting) What am I talking about, "I don't have this many?" I know! I've got a whole bag, but I didn't want to pull it all out because-- okay. Ha. (mocking laughter) The rook does 28 points of damage to that spider, smashing him off the board! Yeah, get out, you fucking spider. Now that that rook has moved, this side of the board is going to take a turn, and it's moving its knight up here and claiming your rook. This knight smashes the rook to the ground. All right, next up is Ally. Oh my god. So that's all of this in here? Okay, the king and queen? They're making dex saves? Oh, they both succeed. That's 23 each, you said? They're risen up above? Jeez, I wish I had something like that. I'm going to put this here so that we know that they're above everything else. Crit Role. I'm going to use this. Wait, no, I'm going to make you this snakey thing. There you go. You're now a badger! Honey badger don't care. Who's turn is it? This is exciting. All right. Bryan. Well, this is technically Dildo Baggins; he's a knight. You can move one of these hobbit pawns. Yeah. You can't move two chess pieces at once. Oh, you're right! Fuck you, this guy's going to move. Hold your fucking horses. This pawn is going to move right here. All right, now what do you want to do? Do you want to move pawn or yourself? Of you? (counting) Yes, it is. All right, roll for attack. Oh yeah, that definitely hits. Ten points of damage, all right. Still standing. I'll use this little beautiful spiritual weapon over here. No, because the bonus action is casting it. Yeah, but you can do a melee attack-- Yeah, you can do a melee attack, that's about it. Or a cantrip as an action. Oh, it fails. What did you do the first time? Okay, it's still standing. Oh, you were shooting at a spider? I thought you were shooting at the pawn, dude. Okay, wait, let me mark that off. Okay. Yeah, he's still up. Now, it is back to that spider's turn. They're just hit, so this spider is going to crawl-- Actually, it's going to turn around and attack this badger that just came at it from behind. Oh my god, this-- Give a shit. Hold on, I've got to find the page; this is so crazy. Ooh, yeah, that definitely hits, that's a natural 17. So the son of Aragorg is going to bite you. He's going to bite you. Oh, and he hits. That's a natural 19 to hit. Yeah, make a constitution saving throw. A what? You will take half damage as soon as I can find-- 17 halved, so eight points of piercing damage. Then, as a bonus action, the son of Aragorg is going to call forth his spider minions. TRAVIS and He calls forth three swarms of regular old spiders, but they come from back here. They come from over here, and then another swarm comes from over this way. Now it is Bunder's turn. Nope. He takes them out; that's a genuine wizard's chess move. Okay. Glittery one is for the pawn. Oh, pawn succeeds, knight fails. 14 points of damage? Let me add that up. Still alive. Yeah, very much. The pawn just took-- Yeah, the pawn is very much alive. SAM and Now it's the chessboard's move. The chessboard is going to try to attack you, Allison, because you're right here with the pawn. It's going to attack you. Oh my god. There's so many pieces of paper here! I know. Oh, a natural one on the pawn. Yeah, so the pawn feels broken, so it steps right back here, and the board's going to try to make a different move. So the bishop here is going to move forward and try to attack-- So the bishop is going to attack for a 16 to hit? All right, the bishop is going to attack you with 2d10. Oh, double ones. So that is eight points of damage. It doesn't work, so it moves back and it's going to try to take another move. It's not taking the pieces, so it's constantly trying to do the right thing. It's going to move this pawn forward to here. Just kidding, to here. All right, now it is the spiders' turn. This spider is going to attack Andy. Oh my gosh, this spider doesn't succeed. That's a two plus-- No, that doesn't succeed. Now it is Claire's turn. What? That does hit. 13 points of damage! With that, the spider is crushed beneath the weight of your club. Andy the athlete, once again, succeeds. Can you do it that far away? Awesome. All right. And that you would also hit the pawn in front of you, wouldn't you? No, it doesn't matter, it's your teammate. Fuck it. Oh, that's an 18, that saves. Is it a cantrip? Do you want to move? It's your move in chess. They attack diagonally. I know, it's pretty fucked up. Yeah. God, this is difficult. Well, this one is going to try once again to take your piece. That's Sm�agol. It's going to do-- Oh, god. That's 2d10 plus six. That's cocked. 18 points of damage. Oh, wait-- that was a crit, wasn't it? Wait, no, because it's-- Times two is 24. That's 30 point of damage. Oh no! Bunder's down! LIAM, TRAVIS, and The bishop pushes you out of the way and the fallen body of Bunder is now here. No, you're just sitting there. Oh, I didn't roll initiative for those. They'll just go with him. Okay. It's Ally's turn. That definitely hits. Oh, they don't even hit. Oh god, okay. Badgers are tough, though! They're real tough. Horfleporf forever! Okay. Bryan, it's your turn. Bunder. TALIESIN and Yeah. Yep. So that's your move? What's the casting time on Prayer of Healing? Totally. Okay. It gets 16, so that's a save. But you do have your spiritual still sitting out there which means-- Mm-hmm. You add your spell modifier. Your calculator glitches, it just writes "boobs" upside down. Son of Aragorg, it's their turn. The son is going to attack Ally once more, with a-- I guess it's very close, so it's going to do a bite attack again. Oh, that does not succeed. They are going to use their bonus action to move their swarms in and this swarm of spiders is going to go (scratching) and comes towards you. This swarm is going to over towards Claire. This swarm is going to go (scratching) and come towards Ally. Those swarms, they don't do a ton, but they're going to do-- That's a five against-- nope, that doesn't hit. Then the last one, this is against Ally. That is a 12? They're going to cover you and try to bite you in your badger form. All right, so that's 4d4 here. Seven points of damage. Mm-hmm. Ah! All right. Seven. Where did I put you, Ally? I don't remember. Oh, you're over here. Bloop! Ally's back. All right. It is Bunder's turn. Oh, no! Bunder! The spiders are dead, their turn is gone. It's Claire's turn! Don't you have higher level spells? This is a pretty big battle. This is a one-shot, it's not going to go-- Okay. Okay. Okay! All right, that's total? Okay. All right. Minus 40-- all right, 45 points down, good job. We're at Andy. No, the chess board has not moved. No, you haven't taken your turn yet. All right. It's Andy's turn. Up high, all right. Okay. The king succeeds, the queen fails. Oh, the queen knocked prone, which means she is wiped off the board. Got it. Very nice! It is the board's turn to move. This piece is going to come over here. That's a dumb move, but it's doing it. It's taking this pawn. All right, now it is Ally's turn. Holy shit! Natural 19. All right, the king looks a little hurt. Awesome. Bryan? All right, do you want to do anything else? No, spiritual weapon stays up, so it's right there. For your bonus action, you can attack again. All right. Roll for attack. That doesn't hit. That's okay, your calculator is really cool looking. All right, up is the son. He's going to attack Ally once more. All right, that's a nine, so 15. 13 points of damage against Ally. And make a constitution saving throw. Oh, you succeed. All right, Bunder. Newly revived, you are up. Oh, big fail. The king burns up and falls to its side. All of the pieces on the chess board kneel down and bow to you. There's no moves! I like it. Use your wands, I like that. All right, Claire. The constitution saving throw. Oh, for your lightning storm, yeah. It's good that you remembered. Which one? This one? So you were here. Ten, 20, you can get up there. Yeah, the swarm of spiders attacks you as you walk away from it, but that's okay. It's just a little swarm, it's no big deal. That's a ten to hit? Ooh, okay. Holy shit. Oh, natural 16! That's fine. You don't need the pawn. It doesn't fucking matter. Wait, so seven points, you said? They have to make a save? They fail. Swarm of spiders (scuttling). All right, Andy, you're up. You fly in and you attack him with your club. TALIESIN. The first one is a ten. 21 hits! 12 points of damage, all right. All right. 16 hits. He looks like he's hurting a bit. Bunder, it is now your turn. Just kidding, I was looking at spiders. Never mind. It's Ally's turn. Oh, it's a fail. Whoa! 16 points of damage. Oh my gosh. Let me do my math here. All right. It's looking pretty rough. Bryan. Oh my god! Yeah, make an attack hit. That's 5d10. Yeah. These spiders are just guts. Guts everywhere splattering up to these pawns in these-- All right. We're back up to Son of Aragorg! Going to spin around here and attack Andy since he did so much damage to him. Ooh. Yeah, that's a natural 19. That's a bite attack. That'll do 16 points of piercing damage and I need you to make a constitution saving throw. Ooh! That is what you needed to hit so that means I hit you with poison damage. Ten points of poison damage. For bonus action, he's moving-- this is the last swarm of spiders. (skittering) They're going to come over to Claire and try to attack her again. So they're going to bite at you. Natural one. They can smell the amount of perfume that you're wearing and it does not attract them. Bunder, you're up. Spider-der? Ooh! It succeeds. Ooh, yeah. He is looking really rough here. All right, that was your bonus action. What's your action, Claire? What would you like to do, Claire? Out your mouth? Wow. That does save with 15. Probably won't matter. Three points of damage is enough! How do you want to do this, Claire? Ugh, guts just explode. You're covered in red and purple and black guts, Ally. It goes with your motif though. It looks good with your outfit. Yeah. All right. Yeah, but it's not their turn. Andy? It's a little swarm. It's a swarm of spiders. All right, roll with disadvantage. Oh my god! Ridiculous! Yeah, these spiders are just squished. Wow. As you all stand there taking in-- Make an attack roll. Now you just run up and you stand up and you put your paws on her shoulders and you look at each other face to face. Claire to badger eyes. What would you like to do? You can certainly try. That's true because he cast Beacon of Hope! You succeed. You start to cast Command on her and then you think better of it. You start to realize that, you guys, you succeeded in something pretty major together from all different walks of life. As all of you sit and talk to each other, Beetle pops back in. "Oh, Beetle "thanks you--" "Beetle thanks you. Thank you! The school is saved! Here, quickly! Make it up to your classroom. "I will try to distract the Professor before she gets back." "Run! You cannot apparate within the school. Run as fast as you can!" Haul ass back to the classroom? Yeah, right? As you guys come flying up the stairs-- Oh, I like it. Yes, you fly up your stairs. You pass by the cat again and Mrs. Blilch, the groundskeeper. I don't remember what I said. They stare at you as you fly up. You fly up across the moving staircases. You all are running. Yeah, definitely. You do that. You run up the staircases. Make an acrobatics check as all of you try to jump to the next level except for you, Claire. All of you run and jump. Bryan starts to fall. Does any of you save him? What?! That's so cool! Really? Yeah, you're close. Sure. Whatever. That'll put him safely across. You're flying now. So you're where he was? You fly up and you guys are heading up the hallway. Quickly, you pass by your level one spells class. You can hear, down the other hallway, the footsteps of Professor Furbin. Do you try to make it across the hallway and into the classroom before she sees you? Oh! Everybody roll stealth and with advantage because of that. Plus ten? It's okay. Everybody else did really well, so you guys slide into the classroom, run for it, and take your seats at the desks in just enough time to hear the door turning and Professor Furbin walks in. She stares at all of you. "I'm glad to see you haven't moved from your seats like I "asked." She walks up the stairway, goes into her office, giving you just enough time-- To write this and leave it on your desk before all of you leave. No, you're supposed to read it, Brian! Jesus Christ! Watch the fucking Breakfast Club! I'm sorry I made him read it. I'm sorry. And we're out. Yeah! Good job, you guys. Read some Shmarry Shmotter and watch The Breakfast Club. That was terrifying. I think-- Days. Days of prep and then all of it goes just goes "Ah!" in the moment, right? Hard to sleep beforehand thinking about everything that's going to happen. I did. I gave him a phone call and he helped me out some and I also used my D&D Beyond. I looked up a lot of monster stats and everything like that. I got all these pieces of paper. Oh, just so much. He was the king that-- No, that was on our side. Yeah, sure. Whatever. You guys were great. TRAVIS and This was fun. It was really fun. It was really just an excuse so we can all dress up in these outfits. "Harroween!" All right. I guess tune in next week and see what happens with Mighty Nein and until then, love each other and is it Thursday yet? (cheering)