I don't know what to do. No, this is new. Hi guys, welcome to Talk Machina! We're gonna have a Critmas. How's that going? By then all the weeds will have grown back! Good times. Liam and Matt are on the way by the way! It's not just gonna be us three alone. Hey! There's somebody! Really? Did he give me that glittery gold one I saw online, because I wanted it so bad! Look at these beautiful! Now they're Yin and Yang, it's like me and Vax! They're warm. Where have they been? My car! By the way, I didn't realize when I made the white dragon armor that me and Vax are now white and black, which is so fucking cool! I was thinking like Oreo cookies. Or Yin and Yang. I don't have socks on, so I feel weird about taking these off. I know! Maybe I should have worn socks or my Birkenstocks would have been better. You have some coffee! For me? Yeah, either of those two mugs are yours. Look at this cutie, can I open it? Or is this for all of us to-- Should I just start going? Number one, this envelope has the most adorable stickers on it. Including a llama, like Henry, that is a painting in me and Travis's house. What? What are you laughing at? I know, right! There it is! How did you find that again upside-down? This is cool! But they look like dragon scale dice bags. Says she made these right after Vax had died. This is right before-- spoilers-- the resurrection of Vax. She didn't know if he was going to be alive when she made these. We're supposed to guess whose is whose. I'm guessing that's yours since it's got the-- and that one is mine. And this one is Scanlan's. It's Matt's. I don't know. She double layered them. This is Travis because it's got bones and it's Groggy. This is Scanlan. This has got to be Scanlan with the-- And this is Keyleth! Yay! This is adorable. This is from Karen. Thank you, Karen. And bidet! There's something in here. (shouting) Oh my God! She crocheted me little Trinket ears! That's so freaking cute. Where do I put this stuff? I've got so much, I don't know what to do with it. That's yours. That's Liam's. Directing mode Liam! Did you bring your own coffee? I poured you some coffee, but that's okay. Me and you can share the other cup of coffee. Oh my God. (gasps) These are Sixlets? These look like BB pellets. @kirkwallman on Twitter. What do we open next? Pretty good, pretty good. This is for Percy. We finally have a storage place to put our stuff in between shows, guys. I just want one. This feels like it could be really bad, just to throw Sixlets at the camera. This looks so real. It's so warm over here, next to the fire. Is this another box? Is this what you just pulled out? How do I do it? What? Whoa! I don't want to shine it towards you guys. These are from Diana, a.k.a. @DruidKeyleth on Twitter. "Thank you so much for what you do in "the game, and for your various voice acting gigs. I appreciate all of it, and I really hope you "enjoy." The fanmixes! She made us mixes! There's a copy for-- Mary gets one for Zahra, there'll be another batch for Kashaw. Oh man, that's so cool. Wow, it's so beautiful. Do you want to roll it? This is so pretty, though. These fanmixes are so awesome. Mine's called "Winddancer". That's really pretty. I'll listen to this on my drive over before the game, so I can get in my Vex mood. We need a box to put this stuff in. I don't know what to do with the trash. My arm movement wasn't on screen of that, like, pathetic. These were from Diana, a.k.a. @DruidKeyleth. She made a Briarwood mix. That's so exciting. What is it? What did you get? Did anybody send me some candy or some brownies or maybe a donut? Wow, somebody did send candy! There's Whoppers and Skittles. Oh, these are all for you, Marisha. Oh my gosh. Wait, wait. You read that, and I'll pull this out, because I want to show it to you. Well, we will, but we also have these. This is for Brian and Denise and the wonderful people of Talks Machina. "Thank you for "bringing such an informative, fun, creative show each week. I hope that the TimTams lead to more "amazing times. From Shantel. Thank you ever so much Shantel. If Brian were here, I'm sure he "would say thank you as well." Black Forest TimTams, Caramel TimTams. Wait, she made that?! What? This is crazy. Look at this cuteness. This is so cute. I feel like Vanna White. I've got to string my bow, yo. Is this what we saw on Twitter? I unstrung it. Are you sure that's a Trinket? This is amazing. Thank you. Oh my gosh! "It's the only way to really grow!" Is Travis watching? Baby, look! Maybe. He might have it on on his car ride. Don't watch this while you're driving, Travis! All right, bitches. Do you want to open the coconut and lychee, the salted caramel and vanilla-- that's my top choice-- or the Black Forest? I think Black Forest sounds really fucking good too. Dark chocolate and cherry, or salted caramel? Let's open both the Black Forest and the salted caramel. Here, you open this one. I feel like, if Ashley was watching this on her vacation, she'd want to come home from her vacation just to eat this salted caramel. How is it? I'm going to read my letter before I open the present. This is from Carly Scott! By the way, she says that Vex is her favorite. I just want to put that out there. Oh, I can't wait to look! And with glitter tape, too! Oh! And she's winking! That's adorable! Where will this show? I'm going to put this right behind-- can you see her behind Liam? That is so cute! Look at the earring! Did I get an earring too? Oh my god, we all have earrings! I feel like we need music or something. Oh, it is? Oh, so other people can hear that? I don't know, maybe? This looks like something. Wait. I can't tell. This is for Vax and Percy. This is for Marisha. I just took this from her hand. I'm sorry. It's really hard to do that. Brian does it every week with the Wyrmwood and it's hard. Oh my god! Unicorns! Who are they for? I took the white one last time. It's all for you. It's so much work! Does it say that we have to give the pegasus to somebody specific, or does it say that, if you're at the opening of the Critmas presents, and you really like the pink pegasus, you can have it? How's that reading going for you? Wait. There's a gray dragon. Oh no! We're missing a gray elephant! I take notes! Just not as good as Marisha takes. I do take really detailed treasury notes. All for me! Here's a wonderful present from Kristin and Brad, and I'm going to read this letter because it's short and it's perfect. Okay. I don't know what that is. I'll eat it. "We figured you guys were getting tired of looking up potion types all the "time, so we made these super awesome bottles for you to use on your adventures. One set for each "table. Each bottle contains the appropriate number of d4s that you need for your roll, ranging from "common to supreme. Good luck, and keep being awesome. Kristin and Brad." Kristin and Brad are super duper cool, and by the way, have we ever had a supreme healing potion? We have? With 20d4? Yeah, superior, eight. Supreme, 20. We've never had a supreme. That's so cool. Is it spelled right? Is that how you spell "kaitiake"? The green ones don't taste as good as the pink ones. These are for you. Oh my gosh, wait. This is from-- hold on, I've got to see who it's from, because this is really cool. This is from Jay Anthony Pierpoli and the rest of the Critter community, who sent, number one, a fanfiction that I will definitely read that they say is phenomenal by Sarah Louise Harper. And also, this is so cool, I wish Sam was here. I'm opening his present for him, because I like opening things. It's a wrap for his giant mug. (exclamations) I know, it's amazing! He said he made it before he realized Scanlan was not here. How cool is this? Insane! Where's his little mug? Is it up here? We have to put it on so he'll have it in the next show when he finally brings his mug out again. Oh my god! It looks so cool. Oh man. I don't have anything. I'll take it. From Joseph, we need to remember it's from Joseph. So ridiculous. (laughter) No, too bad, I'm doing this one. How heavy is that? Oh my god. How does he pick this up? Does he pick it up one-handed? What does he put on the bottom? Oh, it's his little code. Oh, wow! I know! This is so cool! This is from Jennifer Knight. She designed this and stitched it herself, with a panel for each character, and these panels are super duper detailed. The frame is awesome! The freaking stitching is awesome! With museum glass. Look at these panels! This is so cool! We should hang this on set. Oh wow, it's really well done. It's pink. That is so cool! Do you want to hold this, Matthew? I feel like we just won the lottery. I wonder if it'll fit in one of those boxes above Trinket's head. Oh, I mean the cross-stitching. Gilmore can maybe go right there next to the other Gilmore! Gilmore is world famous. I know, right! Can you just hang that in your living room? I wouldn't blame you if you want to take it. Just above your bed? Yeah. Oh gosh, careful; those were hung pretty precariously. But that's okay! No, it's great. We'll rearrange our-- (yelling) It's done so well! Is that the same people who do the quotes? It's a quilt? Oh, I feel like Sam should be the one that opens it up, though. It's his quilt? Maybe we can give it to him on Thursday. Because I loved mine. What happened? Oh yeah, read the card! "What can I say about lovely Laura/Her friends and the fandom adore her/Her comebacks are "quick/Her winks are slick/There's not a soul alive that abhors her." If you read that sarcastically... (laughter) Chun Li thighs? What did you do? They're team hoodies! They are team hoodies! Team hoodies! Just in case you guys didn't know who I am. (gasps) We have to go bowling in our hoodies! Can we just all go somewhere in our hoodies? That's awesome. Wait, who's that from? That's from Vee. But I can't see the full name, it just says Vee! And she gave chocolates. Or he! You have so many more boxes. What is-- oh no! That's the scary guy, right? Is that the big scary figure that I saw at your house? (yells) Yeah, that one. Maybe there's weed in there! That's how people-- You didn't hear that from us. I just had heard that on the internet. He's set. He's three daggers in. I've got a tag on the inside of my sleeve. I've got to get it out. Of course. Ooh, that's Marisha's. With Hamilton on the bag! Did you guys get Hamilton on the back of yours? Oh, cool. Oh, that's wonderful. Yeah, me too. I got a That's adorable. What is that? I mean, they're really detailed. Look at that guy! He's got like a mask. What's this thing? (gasps) It's a little goblin in there! And he goes on his back. Goblin down, goblin down! A really eclectic grandma. Is that full? Oh my god. Did we open everything? Oh gosh, oh gosh, here's the letter. Okay, okay, I'm reading it. This is to the cast of Critical Role. Wow. "Congratulations. The "adventure that spanned nearly a year, taking our intrepid heroes across the planes of existence to "the very threshold of death's door and back, has finally come to an end. Enclosed is the mounted "head of the final member of the Chroma Conclave to fall to the valiant Vox Machina, Raishan, the "Diseased Deceiver." This is so cool. "What an adventure this has been. This little undertaking "started just as a fun project to work on with my sister, and thank you all for the wonderful work "that you do to bring this amazing story to so many, but it quickly turned into something much "more important than that. It was the spark that reignited my passion for my craft and rekindled my "love for the wonderful shared storytelling experience of Dungeons and Dragons, and for that, "I can't thank you enough. With the death of the final member of the Chroma Conclave--" (exclaiming) You've just got to lance them, you know. Sometimes you've got to go to the doctor, even, if it's too big-- It's satisfying, I think. "With the death of the final--" That's just scary. Don't do this. "With the death of the final "member of the Chroma Conclave, it brings this wonderful project and my own adventure to a close. "It has a been a truly incredible experience to be able to share my sister's and my talents with you "all, and with the amazing Critters. We now embark to find our next project and see where that will "take us. If I could make one request when you get all of the mounts hung, could you get us a picture "of the set, please? That would make me and my sister two very happy Critters." Also says, "Liam, the offer still stands." Do you know what this is? "If you or your kids "would like a custom trophy mount to commemorate their victory over a mighty foe", they'd be happy to send one your way. Oh, too bad Vox Machina killed you. How heavy is it? Wow, I can't wait to see all of them hung up next to each other. I feel like these are just too fragile to be in a car fight. No, but I'm saying if they're hanging on the front of your Mad Max car, they're going to get damaged! They will be witnessed. Witness me! Where should I put this so it doesn't get damaged? OFF- Oh my gosh, yeah. This is super limited printing, by the way. 132/175. You made sure the tape on that side didn't touch the picture, right? There's tape on that side of the paper. Yeah, let's just keep that away from it. We're good. Stop hogging the joke! That would be great, because you need to get back at Sam for something. Give it all to me! Okie-dokie. Oh, this is literally-- this is to Vex and Vax, from your aasimar childhood friend, Velandris Dawncollar. I remember him. That's awesome! Oh no. "By the way, I need your help, Vex and Vax, and the "help of the rest of Vox Machina, and if you come across any vampires, put a few down for me, and I "hate those mockeries of living." You got it, Velandris Dawncollar. That's so cool. Ooh, these are pretty. I don't have any blue this color. MARISHA and Okay, these are actually really pretty blue dice. I've never seen any like that. I have to roll. 18! I'm going to go put it with my dice. We can make a gallery wall. I love gallery walls. Does it say what kind of woods it is? It's beautiful. Thanks for joining us for another exciting episode of Talks Machina. (cheering) My Friend's Place. I will gladly accept.