How's it going? You haven't seen a single episode, have you? I'm so nervous. I thought we were gonna get a theme song. Oh, no! What do we do?! I know! What do we do? Wait, there's little things. That means there's probably cards  or something that go in here. I mean, the potions alone, all the ingredients; a little overwhelming, but so freaking cool. Oh, yeah, where?! Marisha found the tarot cards. But I stole them from her very quickly because apparently I do that. Wait, I'm gonna look and see if I can find special-- they're numbered. I swear you guys, I'm so lost.  [everyone agreeing] We're trying to gather-- we're trying to cast a spell. Exploding potion? We can make an Exploding Potion. Let's look. I immediately start thinking I can make an exploding spell, a potion,  that will get us out of the room, like, no problem.  So I start looking for ingredients to make an Exploding Potion,  which is probably the wrong idea. There's probably a magician in here. Is there head of garlic over there? It's an exploding one, it'll get us out of here. Wait, elixir seven. Elixir seven. This one's important. We haven't done anything! That is when I realized we might be in trouble. What is he doing? Boredas stupificus, boredas stupificus, boredas stupificus. That's gotta mean "I'm really stupid" in Latin that you made us repeat over and over again. MARISHA AND How many times-- boredas stupificus. [continue chanting] That's cool. Thanks guys. Thanks. I think probably. We're taking so long on the very first clue.  We need to have the helping hand. Okay, "tower." It is "tower." What's the last word? What's the last word? What's the last word? Okay. Oh, what do I see in this amazing crystal ball? Oh, it's doing something. The crystal ball lights up, Matt starts reading it. Is it backwards? Yeah, it's an anagram. These letters make a spell. But purification isn't-- there's no "F" in this. That's it, the Potion of Puissance. Dust of Funny Bone. Snake fangs. No, wait, wait, wait. There's water? What about water? Or a slug? It's starting to figure out that this potion is gonna be a huge pain in my ass. Peppermint? Acid? Sour? Sardines? Spiders eat flies. Oh, what about this? Coagulated blood of flies? Drops of water. Now water. Octopus's ink. You're gonna eat this, Chris. I'm putting in the peppermint. Oh, dragon's tears?! We're putting in dragon's tears. What is "acridness"? None of us have any idea what "acrid" means. Acromantula? Or sardines, or cod liver oil. And then we sing-- Is there one in there that says something about strength? "Grandma's Sweat [JENGA]"? I know what that's from. And then we sing-- Is there one in there that says something about strength? "Grandma's Sweat [JENGA]"? I know what that's from. That's it, that's it! It's going in, ground vocal cords. Who's gonna drink it? Gross! Ha ha, he had to drink that. Wasn't me! Pull out the sword from the stone! Adding vinegar to the potion. We added vinegar. Matt, and everybody that's been working on the potion, solve it. Try it, Matt. He drinks it-- [TRAVIS, offscreen] --nothing happens.  [sounds of frustration] Is it because we added things to it that shouldn't be in there? I haven't really been helping much at this point so I start looking around the room  for secret doors and things that I can pull. The candlesticks, by the way-- don't move. But I tried all of them. "Gain might--" "The finishing touch must be sung." Maybe we just have to sing it.  ♪ I'm drinking this potion down! ♪ ♪ Oh yeah, and it's disgusting! ♪ This potion is foul. I'm pretty sure we put some wrong ingredients in there  because it made me want to puke, just a little bit. The sorrow is dragon's tears. As we're pouring through these various potion elements I immediately remember that one of the spells  we have on the table immediately relates to making something holy or blessed. Right there! Right-- no, here! Okay, wait. Now what's next? That was the coagulated blood. Now, sing it and drink it, Matt! "In magic, it's not the song that matters, but the purity of the singing." Travis is tall, Travis is tall! ♪ I'm so short! ♪ Which he did! And nothing happened. A spell. What is this? And lo and behold-- I found it! [reading scroll] Wait, decode it! Where's the necklace?! [MATT, offscreen] I glance over and start looking through some of the  potion materials on the shelf, and I can see this nice little square  sticking out of the top of one of the large vase-type structures. Okay. The book of spells. Okay, now what? So once we have everything finally put together for this, I put it all on, have my big Harry Potter moment. I got this one. So we start trying to find which line connects to which item. Travis takes one of the lines and Marisha takes one of the lines so I take one of the lines,  and we're all tracing and following each other around. While not colliding with each other. It's very strange. The third one down is this cat. We rocked that one pretty hardcore. Fuck the potion puzzle. I gotta say everyone fell into place very quickly on that. I was very excited. Fuck the potion puzzle.  Blacklight puzzle though, yeah. Yeah. All about that. I'm the third. Maybe we should write the symbols? Okay, what is it? "Arcana," okay. That's an "R" then. R, R-- "Order." Okay, "time," "arcana," "order," "focus," "balance"-- Oh, the cat is number three! At first I thought they might be related to the tarot cards. Glad I didn't go that far. This is two? Four. Four is the rock. Number one is the feather, number two is the matches,  number three is the cat, four is rock, five is chalice, six is the last thing. "To banish evil, conjoined be, arranged in banded geometry.  Once per soul, chant the spell until the evil sounds its death knell." This was probably the final spell to finally banish this dark sorcerer  and complete this puzzle. I hope. "Conjoined be." Oh, good, then you can see which one is the top and the bottom! Wait, what's the top one? "Dimisisti inimicum. Meum in tenebras." We have this spell that we've arranged geometrically, banded together. Were we supposed to be in banded geometry? What does that mean, "in geometry"?  I don't honestly know what's happening right now. Like, it is completely confusing to me. Oh, that's a-- for the wand though, isn't it? We know we're on the cusp of finally winning this, and we hear this creak behind us,  and we're like, "Did we do it?!" No, but seriously, I kind of want to live here. And Matt had to drink a disgusting mixture... three times? The vocal cords weren't supposed to go in there?! We were just supposed to sing it? But there's vocal cords!