Oh, there I am. I've been most surprised by all of the sexy-time art. That's really not surprising. I have it tattooed across my lower back. I think, more than anything, it's the getting to hang out with our family every single week, you know? Because getting to hang out with you guys always puts me in such a good mood, any time I'm depressed or anything like that, the minute we all get together it's so uplifting. Yeah. Wah-wah, cheesy, whatever. But it's true. I fully get a pre-show jitter. Every time I'm on my way to the show, I'm like, I feel like I'm about to do a play that I know none of the lines to. And then when Sam wasn't there, just recently, we reminded you right before the show, we were like, oh yeah! Sam's not here this week! You were like, oh, that's right! And you had to completely play Tary out of the blue. That got more than golf claps, Liam! Congratulations! We're the worst. Just the worst at planning. Honestly, that's one of the hardest things about knowing that it's being broadcast, because if we were at home and we were going through this planning stage, it'd be, okay, well, we're taking our time planning, no big deal. Let's go get some snacks while we're doing it. Exactly, we'd be drinking mimosas, whatever. But on the show, I know that people are probably like, oh my god, just do something already! Yeah, pretty much. Yeah, I do have that smoke rising next to me. I can feel it. It'll be great. Then we'll all know what to do. He does nothing but drool the whole game. I have a question though. If you were good in the Nine Hells, if you did something nice, that's actually the equivalent of doing something bad? "Are there brothels in hell." Are there brothels in Hell? You have to sign a contract in order to walk into the brothel. And then everything you did, I was like, I don't believe it. Our favorite what? Oh man. I liked-- oh, I can't say it, because under 18. "In the darkness, I say, "'fuck.'" I liked that one. Aww. Urgh. Vex will probably always hold grudges. She'll always want to get naked in random situations. And she'll always love Trinket. In the Pikelight! I think Vex quickly realized that her normal tricks aren't working down there, and now she's at a loss. I don't know what the eff I'm supposed to say. I don't know, because none of her persuasion was working. It sucks! Oh, it's the dice. It's totally just the dice, it's not my bumbling over words. We still have it, yeah! We have, at our house, you gave one to Travis before, right? Oh, you're wearing your Strongjaw shirt! That would be amazing. Normally it's not that hard! I came off of an eight-hour session of recording as a South African, so it was in my brain, is all. Oh my god, yes. You know, he's the one that wrote our opening theme song, right? I almost switched. When we switched over to 5th edition, there was that alternate path for ranger that I feel is actually way cooler than the beastmaster. Yeah, that's why you home-brewed so much of it, and it was awesome. But it was like, Trinket. What am I going to do? I have to have Trinket, he's Trinket! So I stuck with it. Leave Doty. How about you just leave Doty? Doty stands around and he's heavy and he's slow. Yeah, it is really great. (gasps) Fun buns! Oh wait, those are ears. They look like fun buns from up here. Always. No, the question is will Vox Machina release a second one with the truth. Oh, I see a costume. Broom of Flying! The amount of dried poo that's probably floating around in the Bag of Holding. The greatest part is how detailed Travis's list is for the Bag of Holding. I mean, it is like, from the beginning of our game, every single thing written down in there. That's what I'm saying, I know there is dried poo in there. Oh my god! You look beautiful!