Oh, hey. Oh, hi guys. Hi, I'm Laura Bailey. RPGs, huh? So the first time I ever played pencil and paper RPG was with this group, because of that guy. I always played RPGs, like I'm a big video game fan, I'm a geek for that, and yeah, and so I always chose RPGs as what I wanted to play, so surprisingly, it wasn't anything new for me once we started playing. I fell into it really, really fast, because I was accustomed to all of that. Insta. It was so much fun. It was only supposed to be a one-off game, when we started this, and we all had so much fun playing together that it was like, we can't stop this. When's the next time we can get together and do it again and again and again? Yeah, it was epic. That is true, actually, yeah. Yeah, sportsball. Hi. Also, ale. It's amazing the amount of times that we've had conversations because when you're playing a game, we all see it as real. We've lived those experiences for so long that that world exists and our characters exist and those experiences exist, but only between us, and then as soon as we were able to bring it to Geek and Sundry, and now you guys are taking part in it too, all of a sudden it's a real thing, if that makes any sense, to know that you guys know who Percy is is phenomenal, and that anybody loves Trinket as much as I do. That means so much! We're all going to be insane in the next five years, I know it. Mr. Mercer's been waiting for you. Wait-- Be a Critter, go to Disneyland, that's the moral of the story. What is happening? Well, yeah. You have to sneak through, though, they won't be able to-- And he wouldn't give it to you. It was worth it. I, like I said, like to play RPGs a lot, and Vex was always a name that I would go to for my characters I would create in those games. Then I always think that elves need to have apostrophes in their names. Because in every RPG like Dragon Age, every game that I play, I recreate characters like ten times before I stick with one, so there's a list to level four of characters-- Yeah, Vex is always in that list. There's other names as well that I might get to. Someday in this game. Hopefully not. Yes. Of course. I'm not Vex in Skyrim because I feel like Vex is sacred now. I don't want to use Vex on-- Is that weird? Then, when me and Liam-- Okay. So here's the thing. I'm getting off-subject. When I got invited to the game, Liam had already taken rogue, and I wanted to be a rogue. He had already taken half-elf and I wanted to be a half-elf. And I was like, "What the heck, "man, you're so stealthy." Then I remembered that we actually are twins, and I was like, "Maybe we "should be twins in the game as well." Perfect. That's really good. What's funny is, for the first year you kept looking at me like, "What's my name? How do I spell my name?" Is there an H in it? I don't know. That's an easy way to remember. So your name actually means fart, and you just don't know it? I feel like Matt would know our most-- It was pretty epic. We thought we were going to lose two party members at the same time. We were, like, "No! Ugh!" Well, I got the kill on the creature that killed Pike. I don't get a final kill on a lot of things, and it was like ugh, and so Pike is dead on the ground, and I got the last shot, so I'm moving forward shooting arrows. It was sad. Tears falling down, screaming, "Pike!" That's right, because we were falling-- This carpet's never going to work, it's too heavy. (horn sounds) That's happened to us a few times. Before we started streaming, he would skip our turns. It's terrifying. That hourglass you put down when the lava was coming down and we had to get out of the cavern. It was horrifying! When you were unconscious in the lava, what? I thought he was done. If Trinket dies, I-- Yes! That is true. I went back and watched the stream of that to see if you could see our hands shaking as much as they were because all of us were terrified during that fight. And then the second one was even harder than that! What the heck, Matt?! Yeah! You guys are awesome.