Happy new year! A lot of us went abroad. It's a good thing it's not colder in here. I don't think the tape is doing its job I can still see them. That’s true, but I can say that it’s going to be very soon. No, it really is gonna be super duper soon. I just talked to Fernando today about it and it’s coming up. You’ll be happy. How’s that happening? Do we know yet? Are we allowed to say what we did? Has everybody played? Oh my gosh, so we're the only ones who have done it. Oh gosh. My hardest one is that I kept wanting to say "darling" as I was talking. I caught myself do it out loud one time and I was like, "Ooh, I really need to not do that." I'm happy with my roll. She rolled some pretty fucking low numbers, Matt. Oh, I want to know. Hold up fingers underneath the couch so I can see what it is. She could be a villain in this next campaign. If you hadn't run blindly in-- No, you got him off of somebody. Nithfluflop? It's true. I think that was the moment when I was like, "I'm in love with Scanlan." Not Vex, Laura. I totally thought that she was going to make us do that. I guess I'm pretty happy that she didn't' because, I don't-- I'm pretty sure that we would've died before we got to Vecna, if we did go and fight Orcus. Yeah. Aw. I volunteered all of us together. I also, as me and as Vex, had no fucking concept of what Orcus really was, when I offered that. Like, at all. It wasn't until afterwards I was like, "Hey Matt, can I learn some stuff about Orcus? Because Vex is doing a lot of research after she did that," and he was like, "Okay." He sent it over and I was like, "Oh no, this is impossible!" (laughter) "We're doomed." Yeah. Oh! That's right, we didn't! We didn't ever talk about that! I don't remember ever hearing about what happened to Keyleth's mother. I like to imagine she's alive, and living under the water, with one leg. Because her leg was discovered, and that's the only thing that was recovered, right? So I think she's a pirate with a peg leg now. How fucking cool would that be? That’s what I think happened. Yeah. What if we just completely fuck up and-- Oh, I love that game! Cooking Mama, taught me how to correctly beat eggs. Yeah, do it and then switch. Oh my God! Do it again! Do it again! Those glasses! That whole day it's like, "Are we in a cult? Are we in a cult right now?" I've seen that! It was a great place. No that is what it is! We’re just not going to call it the "Taint Rules". Just what does your gut say? Just answer! I was thinking sudoku. I don't think so? Did she know about-- no, she didn't know about him. No. Yeah, that was obviously, we talked about that in our best friend hangouts. Like, who do you like right now? Right. I did. I imagine that she did a lot of talking. I am so glad you're here because nobody ever wants to hear these things. Now I am regretting not saying yes. But then, some of the downsides, too. Which would have been real bad. Yeah. I would have been dead fighting Thordak. There's no way I would have survived those. Super south. Yeah, but I would have gotten some sweet tree loving. Saundor. I would have gotten some Saundor loving. Ooh, there's got to be some fanfic online. Some ent fic? Yeah. Yeah. I was going to ask, when are you going to say that part? Yeah, did that ever happen? Did you ever get werewolf Grog? That's right. I remember that. K'varn? The mime box. That's what he was talking about. You were just rolling so bad. No, that was some good strategy in that fight. Hey, that's going to be the first one. He never used it. Probably at this point, she'd be able to do some pretty badass-- Yeah, the minute you attack, you would have been visible again. Is it just blood poop? I guess a support. Just like, making some bedrooms in there and summer homes. Yeah. I think they opened up chains. Yeah. Eventually an Ank'Harel location. Tax-free! Plus, think about it. They're friends with Gilmore, so he's telling them how to do stuff, they got to like-- Like Barnes & Noble with a coffee shop! (yelling) That's what happened! You're screwing up our Slayer's Cake. Yeah, that's great. That's it? We shouldn't have eaten all of those beans and stuff before this. No, because that's what there was to eat right? It was beans. I don't feel like your sessions are as long as our were, right? Because we went like twelve hours. Brother, we had a twelve hour game. That sounds amazing! Did we ever talk about this yet? It happens all the time, actually. This was way before that. Take me instead! You Spireling bitch! I remember you talking about this I was like, "What the fuck are you--" So there's some guy that looks like me that's probably in a cage somewhere? So if he ever breaks free, there's another Vex in the world? I remember you saying something about tongues and I was like, "That's fucking weird, bro." I think that's acceptable. I would've done it. Here's my theory about doppelganger Vex. Later in life, she found the doppelganger and hired him/her. Because the paparazzi gets overwhelming for the de Rolo family everywhere you go. So she's the lookalike that goes out. Fine. But when she does, she'll hire them. The pronunciation of the names are getting worse and worse. It's Nugget-- --Nugget, North-- No, those are two names. Nugget, North-- Yeah. Salsa. Percival Fredrickstein-- Bacon. That's a good one. Bacon. And then Percival Fredrickstein the Fourth. I kind of want to name them, though. We'll name a few of them. Percy, Percy, Percy, Percy, Percy. You're like the cat with the thing on its head. Out of all the things that Taliesin has worn, this is the one you are getting the shit for. We did talk about this, too. I think we said that they probably would have eventually come to it, but it would have taken a lot longer. Yeah for a while. For a good long while. Yeah. And you did hear what she said? Yeah. Isn't it so weird that so often the guests got the killing blow? I liked that the guests got them. Yeah, totally. I'm going to throw something at you. For that sweet, sweet sphinx loving. For the new campaign, you mean? Yeah. Those are not even close. I have seen a couple people online that got everybody right. I've seen like two people that got everybody right. But it's pretty impressive. I think I saw one person who got-- Ten minutes.