What's up? How are you guys doing? And Trinket. You forgot to introduce Trinket. Join us! (speaker feedback) Warn us if you're not up to date. Which is going to be hard. AUDIENCE That's a good question! (laughter) It's all right. I understand. He was so proud of that fact. And it has not come into play at all. But he thinks they're fine. I like it. That's where it started? That very first game, though, you were something else. Our very first game that we played, nobody really knew how to play except for Matt and Taliesin and Liam had played some. But we all were floundering. We had no idea. So they brought Taliesin as the ringer so if we got into trouble he could be like, "I got you covered." We're going to die! No way! Nice. I wanted to be a rogue, but Liam had already taken rogue. And I wanted to be a half-elf, but Liam had already taken half-elf. Then I realized that Liam and I actually in real life share a birthday and so I'm like, "What if we were actually twins in the game?" He loved it and we went with it. I was debating between a ranger and a druid. Actually, I didn't even know for sure which one I wanted. I just emailed Matt and I was like, I want a pet. What class can I have a pet with? And he said either a druid or a ranger, so I went with ranger so I could have Trinket. (cheering) I just started multiclassing into rogue, though, because I figure it's been long enough, I can start learning the stealthy moves from my brother. Had you created Gilmore before we ran into Gilmore? We just love him so much. You have little boy arms! Oh, that's right! I have to say, this is the best thing, because Travis legitimately did not know that that's what he did. It wasn't a character choice. He just didn't know. No! Not at all! It's gonna be so bad. I just love-- no, wait, not everybody's caught up. Kashaw showing up in the last episode made me so happy as a person. So good! And so angry, as Vex. It was wonderful. I'm kind of going for it now, as Vex, though. I'm kind of going for it. He's pretty wonderful. He's pretty wonderful. Oh, right because it's all over to the side. It's sliding. AUDIENCE (laughing) That's amazing! I'm seeing behind the screen right now and it's kind of weird. To know that that's what you're doing to us. (laughter) We do? Wait! So those are-- Wait, wait! Do I get extra experience when I haggle? Because you never write that in the email that I get extra experience for that! Nothing! Travis texts him all the time. TPK. Yeah. (clapping) We have no more t-shirts. Titansgrave, yeah. Thanks. (laughter) TRAVIS and Yeah, Titansgrave was really fun. Kurtis Wiebe, the writer and co-creator of Rat Queens-- (cheering) (muffled) Did you write it? He kicked his head off? That's bullshit. That's not okay. Stealing a role from somebody else? AUDIENCE Oh man. I mean, Ellie-- she's not here, but Ellie from the Last of Us That's an amazing character, but the thing is, I can say Ellie-- Hey. (applause) I can say Ellie from the Last of Us, but she wouldn't be that character. She wouldn't be that amazing if Ashley hadn't played her. Hey, I like that. You're officially the Little Mermaid. Congratulations. No, I've had some ale. AUDIENCE Thank you so much. It's crazy. It's so amazing that you guys have done so much. And that Critmas is the most amazing thing and the gifts that you guys send are so wonderful, but the fact that you guys are donating to other people and doing good in the name of this community is so freaking amazing. Yes! (cheering) AUDIENCE Don't you shake your head. You mother-- I saw some of you shaking your damn head. I heard a boo. How dare you? He has saved-- he has done some serious-- He did save you! Didn't he? Wait, okay, but you know, how many times has Trinket killed anybody? AUDIENCE He bit a vampire's freaking head off! Three killings? No, that would be so sad. Trinket only has 60 hit points, you guys. So that's why I don't send him in. He's only got 60 hit points so if he dies then he dies and I don't know what I would do. I don't know. What I love is when we were fighting the dragon at our keep and he got frozen. This was out of character, I'm looking at Travis going, "You'd better fucking save--" I feel like that was the one time Grog really acted out of character, when he saved Trinket. If I could take the spell Polymorph, if I could have that fucking spell, I would be so happy. I hate that anytime I want to bring Trinket and we're stealthing or something like that and I'm like, "Marisha--" "--can you use one of your spells that you have a limited amount of to Polymorph my bear?" You motherfucker! You could do it? Yes. Oh, man. In high school I was doing this play, and this guy that I had the biggest crush on ever was sitting in the front row. I had one of those hoop skirts on, and I sat down on the couch, and I wasn't used to them. The hoop went up over my head, and it was like a dress rehearsal, so I didn't have the full costume on. So it was just, like, underwear. So it was just like, hoop, and panties. And I was mortified. (to inaudible audience member) No! He was never my boyfriend! I am sure! I also did a production of Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat, and I was playing the narrator, and I was running out on stage. I did. I ate shit. As I was running out, leading the entire chorus out to do this big dance number for "Go, Go, Go, Joseph," and my foot caught in my skirt. I just planted it on the stage and slid, and then had to get up and finish the dance out. Oh, but it didn't. Could have been worse. Nice. AUDIENCE We probably-- yeah. We have done some pretty terrible things. We've done some terrible things, too. I feel like Vax is a really good person. Vax is probably, outside of Pike-- Yeah, because he really is in it to-- Oh, really? Has he done some shit? I feel like I'm speaking for Liam now. I can't speak for Liam, but based on conversations that we've had. Ah! We're all going to die! Aww! Look at this guy! I get, sometimes, people online saying I've done something that's really terrible. But for Vex, the motivation makes sense. It makes sense, the reason she would do certain things. And it's not bad in her eyes. It's not. Keyleth is the worst of all of us. Heart of ice. You guys, we're seriously going to be so not functional. If we spell your name wrong later-- I always feel slightly guilty any time we have a shopping excursion-- AUDIENCE Exactly. And not only because it's probably boring for the other players, but I feel like it's really boring for you guys to watch us go buy potions. And we also have a panel tomorrow. Not here. In room C-123. You've been awesome.