With a low constitution. Spoilers! Every time the chair tips forward, I feel like we're going to fall. I sent that to Matt. When was it that we--? Right when we first started playing. I was so nervous when I sent it to him. I remember you didn't reply right away, and I was like, (pretends to sob). So what should we do on this panel? A dance party? Can it be a dance party? What, a dance party? (beatboxes softly) Who's coming on Saturday to our show? Should we answer questions? Oh, a wing just flew up into the air. Too bad they didn't do a Vex one. AUDIENCE What! Can I? Does it fly? Can I fly? You guys keep talking. Wait, I've got to go over here. (laughter and applause) Are we talking about how weird Sam is? Did we talk about all the food we ate? Because we ate so much food. AUDIENCE What? AUDIENCE We had a whole brunch. I would make quiches for us. I've always wanted cameras following me around. See, that actually sounds more interesting. If they follow me and Travis home, they would get us laying on our carpet playing with Charlie. I think that Scanlan should hawk all of that stuff. It's on-brand for him. Gilmore's Glorious Granola? You can fix people's limbs? Wait, did you have that when Vax had no toes? Thank you. AUDIENCE I would want magic. I want to be able to play with magic a little more. Although I know it's so freaking complicated. That's why they have the book, right? Fried chicken! Is that Percy? AUDIENCE (gasps) Should I come down there? Tell your sister I said thank you! She made this out of a quarter! I know, right? Truncate? Oh, yeah, and you intimidated him, right? I think it also helps that the whole party, we're all friends and we genuinely want to cheer each other on and encourage each other. You know, when Grog has a fight with just one other person, we genuinely are interested and are watching it and supporting him. And, you know, Scanlan turning into a rhinoceros. We haven't said anything for an hour, but it was one of the best games I remember playing because it was so much fun to watch him do all those crazy things. As a Master. Thank you, thank you. AUDIENCE That's what we're all saying. Vex has been a name that I always go to whenever I'm playing any of my many video games. I always like meanings, I don't know why. Vex is one I already went to. And so "I'm going to be "Vex'ahlia!" and he's like "Fine, I want to be... Vax'ildan?" "As long as there's an apostrophe in "it, we're good." Me. You'll get along with everybody, I'm sure. Yeah! AUDIENCE Whoa! "I'm Allura!" AUDIENCE Don't let anybody else hold the carpet. (laughter) Like, ever, Kima, every time she gets taken out. Hey, presents! What is that? The story of-- These are so cute! Look, there's a beer behind you! I got gold! That's awesome, thank you! Maybe, I don't know-- (chants) "The best things in life are free!" I want money. That's what I want! Can we all-- I don't want to touch them. I'm scared. Roll a 20! Next question! To voice-over? Yeah! I think Vex and Vax would make really good raccoons. Trash bin? I don't want to be a trash bin! Oh, trash panda. (laughter) We'll all be connected though the red panda, so it's okay. Oh, I like that one! Is it for all of us, or just Matt? AUDIENCE There's not one for me in there. There goes the whole box. AUDIENCE Did you paint them yourself? AUDIENCE Oh my gosh. Thank you so much. AUDIENCE Thank you so much! (applause) This is a really good Vex. Shot of tequila. (laughter) For yourself? Hey, what's up? AUDIENCE Most satisfying. I don't know. I don't know. I mean, scooping you up in the necklace was pretty cool. Like flying out and doing that. Yeah, that was pretty cool. AUDIENCE And I guess you guys are all caught up on the show, right? I can say that out loud? (laughter) That's true, we did! That was my first experience with anything like that. And it all went to shit because everybody started hoarding all the secrets for themselves. He was a gangster, wasn't he? The questions are the main thing. Ooh, Ursula! Hello! AUDIENCE Yeah, pretty much. There's no game you can play now that you're not like, oh, hey Matt, hey again. But what is surprising, when you know somebody, like I know Matt or something, and then I find out he was the voice and I had no idea. That's always really fun. To know somebody so well and they can still surprise you with these voices they have. Oh, are we out of time? I know, I'm sorry! AUDIENCE Oh, I get burps all the time. AUDIENCE How do you deal with the nerves without alcohol? Oh, I was so nervous! So many people! And usually, once you get through that initial moment, you'll have the nerves-- like whenever I would do musicals, my voice would crack in my very first song, because I was so nervous that I couldn't contain it, that I would always crack, and then after that crack was done, I knew the rest of the show was going to be the bomb, because I've gotten it out of my system, and I was fine. So you just lay into it, get it out of the way, and then everything else will be fine after that. The box office is still open for the live show, if anybody hasn't got tickets. Those are still available, you can still come and see us tomorrow night and-- Yeah, Ashley will be there! (cheering) I know. We're signing at 300, right during Matt's panel. Sorry. Right during Matt's panel.