You're so good at it! Sit down! Make sure you stay really far away from us, okay? Is that true? (shouting) I see some really wonderful shirts in the audience. With the adorable Trinket. I don't know. Poke-Trinket. I choose you Trinket-chu! I'm a voice actress as well, and I have recently done Halo 5 as Olympia Vale. Uncharted 4 is coming out soon. I play Nadine Ross. Gears of War 4 is coming out soon, I play Kait in that, which I'm pretty excited about. All the fours! Saint's Row 4, President of the United States, Street Fighter IV, Chun Li. Lame! Aw man, we need to bring a beach ball to these things. Roll a d20. I never want to move, ever. When we would play at home, I would always sit in the same spot at home. It feels weird to switch. I don't like change. I'm a little OCD about it. Let's be honest. The reason they moved is so they could stare into each other's eyes. Liam and Marisha wanted to stare at each other without anybody in between them. (retching) Your sister is so funny! (laughter) AUDIENCE (crying) AUDIENCE No, I don't want to hear it! (whispering) Now you're trapped forever! Do you ever reuse maps that we didn't get to? And you go, "Oh, I can make this a later thing." You want to answer the player question? I think about it way too much. I fell asleep thinking about it. Woke up thinking about it. Then I'll be driving and thinking about it. Eating lunch and thinking about it. Thinking about, I need to talk to Vax about this. What is happening? You go crazy in the night and then there's a whole week in between, and we forget about it. Then we get there, it's like, "I'm not mad at you anymore." It's okay you killed me. No big deal. That's a lie. You'll come home from a game and you'll be like, "I can't believe I didn't rage when I could "have raged. I can't believe I didn't take advantage of that relentless whatever." That is why I suck at the spells. Because I didn't understand that there was even a thing for concentration because I didn't have spells in Pathfinder. They suck! Yeah, yeah. Seriously. Titansgrave? AUDIENCE Awesome. AUDIENCE It's happening. (cheering) Adventure Time. She freaking took to it like it was nothing. By the way, that's how he plays video games. He walks around and tells me to kill anybody I see, anything I talk to. He watches and he goes, "Kill that person! Kill that chicken!" That's the thing; he handed it to me. I mean, come on! I did. No? I feel like there's a pretty good separation of what I feel like, so even in the scene-- Okay, when it's really sad, if Trinket's about to die, I'm really sad, but I also am aware that there's fun stuff going on outside of that, so I can be crying as Vex and then he'll say something stupid and I'll start laughing as me. You seem freaking crazy right now, as you were saying it. I mean, Liam in general is broody, and he always has been, but at the same time, he stays in character I think more than the rest of us through a lot of the game, so he'll be-- What are you freaking doing?! (laughter) "Me neither." But the emotions that we're feeling during the game, those are real honest emotions, because we're so connected to-- You don't want to meet him, he's a dick! (laugher) "Is this your new family? Is this your new fricking daughter?" Then she was adorable and I felt guilty. It's not her fault, I know. She pet Trinket, she loved him, I gave her a necklace, okay? He gets a bunch of other voice actors and asks them questions, and puts them on the website as well. Another good resource is Voice-Over Voice Actor What It's Like Behind the Mic, and that's by Yuri Lowenthal and Tara Platt who are also working all the time. I would be a mango. I love grapefruit, Matt. You learned something! What a great panel! And that's how we end our panel. Oh no, we're not-- Yeah, we might-- yeah, but we can't--