Look at Percy! Can you hear us if we talk? Are we big? (laughter) Although I love staring at you two. So confused. Sorry, I was just thinking about the lights, that's all, keep going. (laughter) (laughs) Am I not still chaotic neutral? Spoiler! (laughter) Oh, hi! AUDIENCE You go first. Oh man, I guess the hardest part is actually sounding like a badass. Like I really want Vex to be super cool and it's not. Thanks Keyleth! It's hard not to trip over your words when you're trying to sound intelligent also. Like at the same time because you don't know what you're about to say, so. Yes. Yeah, I think it was just the actual switchover was the hard part, because I don't like change very much, and-- (laughter) Trinket is Charlie's character. (laughter) I feel like I can point to one, but you won't know who I'm pointing to. I'm going to point-- Oh, right. This guy in the front row, and then this guy in the middle that's holding his hand up, hold up like two fingers, if you know what I'm talking about. I didn't hear what he said. I get more dice. (laughter) And dice! You get all these dice. AUDIENCE I have to show off this art. Can you see it? (applause) Your Keyleth is showing. No, you go first. I don't know. I don't have an answer. What was the question? I'd like to think Grog is street-smart. Just not book-smart. His wisdom is low too, though. (laughter) It's better than six. I think I've learned that I make a lot of weird expressions. I hadn't really noticed it, until we started filming the show, and then I went back and watched it and I was so embarrassed, the first one. (Swedish dwarf impression) Oh, hello! Half-orcs? What about your class? What's your favorite class? I like tieflings a lot. I don't know if I want to say it because I might want to be them if Vex dies or ends up leaving for no reason. (laughter) Bards are just so intimidating. I don't know how Scanlan does it. To play would be so intimidating! To play a bard, to have to come up with songs and stuff all the time. The bar is so high now. But paladins do? Don't they have inspiration stuff like that, or am I making shit up? Yeah, seriously, there's a rally thing! Oh, I'm thinking of Dragon Age! He's writing on his trackpad. No, because he's not allowed to touch my dice. AUDIENCE I don't have as many dice as Wil Wheaton. When I went over to Wil's house, he literally has barrels of dice. Oh, I'm serious. The little pink-- like you guys would know what it looks like-- I have a pink glittery one that I took from his pile. I was like, "Ooh!" And I took it and he's like, "Yeah, "take it. I have barrels of dice." It always rolls terribly. Yes! We love you guys, we're just so sorry that our flight got canceled. Ugh!