If it was sharp, it would be a functional weapon. Really, they're alive? I run up to Vex and I give her a big hug. As they're hugging, I go to Grog and I-- how big are you? I have missed you too. I had no idea how much I would miss both of you. Where's Percy? Oh there he is! I was hugging! Has everybody realized, they want to burn things into us? Not enough. Light! But it's brighter! Oh, okay, sorry. (laughter) I saunter in. I'll be right after Vex. I'm going to agree with the room. But you are nicer, which is different. I'll do the Draconic sort of-- You don't look a day over 20! That's unfortunate. The design is nice. I take this with great honor. Thank you. I'll take that. 24. Highly erotic. I'm still trying to figure out his sexuality. I don't know. Mage Hand. I don't know. We killed a rakshasa. It's a rakshasa. It had backward hands, so I do that because it's weird. He had a big tiger head. Yes, and he was an infernal demon and was going to threaten all of our lives. A dragon is terrible, as well. Giants and dragons? I turned into a half-elf as well. I was very attractive. It's very opposite of how I look. Yes, he goes by the name of Kashaw. He was a rather interesting fellow. And a surly dwarf, of course. See, how it worked is that he thought that she was really annoying, but really he was attracted to her. Vax, you should tell your sister. I pull it out of my Bag of Holding. It doesn't fly anymore. We need to re-enchant it, is what's going on. It's okay. Again, it's not a big deal. We just have to re-enchant it. I'll find somebody powerful enough to do so. No, we spent-- I have a plan, though, Vex. We have to get the money from Kraghammer, right? Pike, by the way, did you notice any blue shit around? Apparently, blue shit is charmed in these lands. Well, wait a minute. Kraghammer is just getting our money and leaving, right? LAURA and Your family, is that closer? Yes, we need to item up. Yeah. Is there a bazaar with any shops we can go to? As we're doing the item stuff, I would like to stop at a blacksmith's shop. I love tails. Ooh, and that's my favorite color. What magic did she-- A warlock. Interesting. Let's do. No, sphinx. Sphinx. A sphincter is your butthole. Not who we fight, but when you go-- Yes! Actually, Pike, now that you mention it, perhaps you could ask some divine blessing from Sarenrae. Make it a holy carpet instead. You were coming from work-- Along the way, I would also like to be looking out for any animal shopkeeps. Sorry. I am. That is nine. A dragonite, raven. The blacksmith's? Oh. I think I can only do short swords and looking at a crossbow. I do. Oh, quarterstaff. I think that's what I'm proficient in. So I'm going to, crossbow, quarterstaff, some darts. I would like a quarterstaff, though, with bladed ends. It is why I came to you, sir. Wonderful. Wonderful. Oh. What do you prefer? I'm a sorcerer, so I've got to keep it light. Cool. I don't like being unarmed anymore. And darts. Yeah, I need bolts. Bolts. How much for 40 bolts? Okay, then a hundred. I'll buy the whole lot. Okay, cool. We have 30,000 gold pieces waiting for us. From when we were in Kraghammer. I'll take a water. Pike, if we're to just be roundabout and mill about today, is that what you wish, Pike? After our tavern? What would you care to do? Lady favors. Well, we could do whatever you wish. If you care to wish the keep, let's go back to the keep. We could easily get there and take an airship back, if we choose to. Interesting. Lady Keyleth, did you just say where the planes shift? Who is this, who is Van Diagram. Van Diagram was one of the Ashari. Quick question about the planes. Will we travel there, is there any way to, perhaps, get to the fey woods through these planes. That was Vex. We could do whatever you wish, Grog. Do you have a particular ability called Magic Weapon? They're different things. I wanted you to bless my quarterstaff. Make it magical. I need my staff enchanted. I would like you to enchant my staff, Pike. ASHLEY and I mean in a strictly platonic, arcane sense. Is there anybody in town I could leave that with and pay to do that? A mage? Right. I'll hold off on that. Is it a thing that I can like start to do, hourly for a long, long time? Okay, I'm going to start that process right now. No, let's sleep it off. I see Vex's condition and I run out to get her a coffee from the bazaar, and then do my perception check on the thing. Oh! As I'm running by because the coffee's hot. Hot. Oh, excuse me, would you happen to have any particular dragonites for sale? Male, preferably, but I will take female if you have one. (quietly) I'm just making it hotter when I blow on it. I would love one. Give me whichever's the least sickly of the two. Oh, I'll take the darker green one. Oh, very good. Thank you very much. Any particular tips, food-wise? Okay, so I run back and I go, oh, here you are. I think I'm going to name him Lockheed. Do you want to do some healing? Lockheed. MARISHA and I think Lockheed is good enough. We have a bunch of food and stuff. We'll be fine. We can move on with the journey. You'll be fine. Well, let's go discover it. Wait, for two horses? Don't we need two? Is there another warhorse for sale for that price? Can we get the two for 400? I'll take one. Full price. I won't bargain. How much extra for some side saddles? These are my personal, of course. I would not want to upset you again, milady Vex. I have missed your company. Light! (igniting sound) Oh. (snuffing sound) I'm going to cast Light under one of the flaps of my robe. (igniting sound) (igniting sound) I'll cast it under that, and you can be the source of light. Now you look really cool. I'm going to roll real quick. I was going to do animal handling; that's the roll? Animal handling every day so I can train it to do stuff? So I didn't gain a point today. And I take out the Decanter of Endless Water-- water, anybody?-- And then I'm feeding Lockheed some. So to take a long rest, I take can one hour or two hours? To still have a long rest and do stuff. So an hour before that, I'm starting to enchant the staff. Oh! Bananas! Feed Lockheed. That wasn't a word. So how should we approach? Apparently, your people have a taste for the theatrics. Maybe they will be, too. You know, maybe they just like being warm. And I assume they are steeped in tradition, as well, such as your own people. Oh, I see. I'm going to reach in my-- Dust of Illusion, and-- (laughter) It's okay. It didn't break. It happens all the time when you bend it. It's fine. We're all okay. And I just sprinkle some on myself, and I turn my scales silver. This is the color my brother Faeryn is. If they are steeped in tradition, the metallic dragonkin are more welcome in societies, more than the chromatic. As we've seen. I have this Longbottom herb you can smoke before we go? 13. Sure. (igniting sound) 18. 22. I rolled an 18, because I want to do an arcana check for anything I can feel from that storm. How big is the boulder? Can I try to do something right now? Can I try and do something? I'm going to try to cast Telekinesis, and (whoosh). So now we see that happening? Cool, so as I see the next one I cast Telekinesis on the one he's about to throw and huck it right back at him. Okay, that was 15. Nope. Got a solid five. That's 24. Is my thing still going? I'm going to catch one and (whoosh). No, I'm going to whack the dude. 19. No, I'm going to huck it right back to the other guy again! (swish, whoosh) That's 14. A hidden valley. This feels great to me. I'm stretching out my scales, letting the heat in. Oh yeah, that's good. Lady Keyleth, is that you? Oh, it's-- As they are doing this with their noses, I'm going to open my bottle of air and just have it (soft spraying sound). That is a negative two. There, see? What? (Light sound effect) Sorry. I think a Fireball can do this-- no I'm just kidding. I don't bow. I'm still at her side. Yes, your Highness. Hi, I'm Tiberius Stormwind. Kin. So what now, Your Highness? We won't let that happen. I cast Stoneskin. (whoosh) Just to note when I cast Stoneskin, I didn't do the concentration. I let go of the Alter Self. Oh! (pop) 21. Do you need me to light that on fire again for you? 15. 15. Hey! Internet! There's my natural one. LAURA and Suck it. It happens. (laughs) Resist. 13 for me, anyway. And I'm like, oh, that tickles. I don't expend an action to do that, and instead I look at the main dude and I'm going to be like, here's something she taught me. (babbling) And I use a scroll, and I'm going to cast Blight (magic sound) on him. I have two Blight scrolls. I'm reading super fast. (babbling) It's okay. I have something else that's effective. It's 22. As I'm going to do that, I'm going to heighten it, and spend three sorcerer points so it gives him disadvantage-- Fair enough. 17. So what I can do, is I can-- if I can't heighten an initial spell, I can power a spell that's already been cast with my sorcerer's point, right? You can empower a spell? (counting) 25 damage. Where am I relative to everybody else? Okay, cool. What I will do, because I can do this, is I will quicken spell, and I will spend two sorcery points to Misty Step behind where Vex is. (whoosh) Yep. And in view of everybody else, where I can still cast stuff. That's my turn. Yes, Pike! You're swirling water around him right now? Okay. I'm going to scooch my booch closer to the wall to get quarter cover. I think that'll put me in about where I need to be to see all three of them. Scooch my boocher. Two, three, four. Okay, so I'm going to cast-- two, four, six-- Glacial Blast (hiss) in the arc to hit all three of them. 30 feet? If I have to move, can I move closer to hit? I'll take the two. I'll do that. And then, I'm going to spend three points to heighten the spell and that gives them disadvantage on their saving throw, so I'm going to do that right now. 17. Yeah, if they save. Ten, 18, what's that? 30, 35. 35. And that was at disadvantage? Oh no. It must be stopped! And I turn to the fire elemental because they're coherent, right? I'm like, do you really need me to do this? I ask it the question. Fine, so I go, Glacial Blast! With my finger. (hiss) 17. 14. 32. And I will use two sorcery points to quicken a spell and use my cantrip Control Flame to (whoosh) start juggling the flame that I was caught on fire with. (laughter) Would somebody end this, please? I think we should go, yes. 19. 14. One! I have water! (spraying) It's mainly for drinking and such, but are we all done? Yes, I rather enjoyed that environment myself. (laughs) Wonderful. Let's just take some respite. You are always part of our journey, no matter where we go, Pike. I'm sorry, but Tiberius runs up and squeezes Pike, one more time. You're my favorite gnome. Interesting. So tune in next week for Chalk Talk with Tiberius. MATT and