Your "Con-gressman." It was there the whole time, Matt. (laughter) Nope. Bad idea. And it's all science-y too. (laughing) I do encourage... Nope. Okay. I am a trained comedian. That is not a thing. Drop down. There's a couple more announcements. This one. Our wonderful artists. Kit Buss and... Our artists. As Laura would say. Oh, also, since this is fantasy, I'd like to announce that my show went pretty well that's on Mondays, 7-10 on this channel. Ooh, I'm glad you asked, Taliesin. It is me and Jessica Merizan playing Final Fantasy XIV. We just found each other in the same world. There's a free company we're going to start. You can come on and join if you're already subscribing. We do giveaways for subscribers who are watching and active in the chat during the show for stuff with Square Enix. It's all good times. I'm happy to say that Taliesin, man, Thancred is still in this version of Final Fantasy XIV, so you can check his work out too, and he's awesome. The funny thing is I didn't know your character was like a badass. So I was listening to him and I was like "Oh fuck". Yeah, he's great. So check it out. Every Monday 7-10 on the channel. Oh pish posh. I'm going to get something to drink. What? Ow! (cheering) That couldn't have worked out better. This is not romantic at all, you know that, right? Are we there? We're not there. Okay. So he's just shitting. Well, I love you Ashley. I do. Damn it. Just when I was starting to like you, gnome. Natural 20! Boom! Storms, yes. Storms and winds. In Dwarvish, I say-- (chuckles) Hence forge, right? A friendly sparring match is what we're about. What if there are two people fighting the town does not know? Is there a registry or something like that? I approach and saunter next to Grog. Could he fight anyone? It's okay, Grog. He doesn't know that you've beaten up a lot of people. Oh, right. I'll put 500 gold on the goliath. As I notice what the cat's doing, I'm standing right next to him, so I do it with my hand instead. Okay. I'm sorry, I just thought I'd give my friend an advantage. Yes, I have two eyes. Grog the Destroyer. No, that's like the opposite of what I said. Oh shit, you got a 20? He's fucking strong. It's okay, buddy. This isn't the first time you've been knocked unconscious. Or you could just give it to us. You're asking this question? Grog, you can eat the ice cream from the whore. I'm trying to be creative here. Make him feel good. Fireworks. Prestidigitation. I'll stay in your room, Grog. No, he can sleep with the pigs. I'll stay in the free room. I found it to be very entertaining. Let's look through your shit. Scanlan. Yeah, isn't it weird when other people get upset? Greetings and salutations. I am Tiberius Stormwind. I hail from a town called Ty'rex, located in the heart of Draconia. From a politically respected family, at the age of 15, I succeeded in passing the Sorcerer's Rite, showing prodigy-like control of my magic. The judges and the Draconian high council were amazed at how powerful my spells were for how long I had been training. At 20 years old, I was the youngest appointed member of the magic guild in Draconian history. For the next few years, I almost went mad from the malaise of being a guild member, as it's rather boring. However, one day I happened upon a chamber, unused for quite some time. In the room were stacks of books and maps of the surrounding cities and areas around the known world. For months, I would frequent the chamber, and learned of artifacts from legend. After a long period of research, I made a list of artifacts that caught my eye. I brought these findings to the high council and was told that all of the information in the chamber I had stumbled upon was either believed to be fiction, or unsolvable mysteries, and hence were lost forever. I found those answers to be unacceptable. A year later, I devised a ruse and managed to convince the city council to lend support in me leaving Draconia on a mission of peace and diplomacy for the surrounding kingdoms, going from town to town and making friends and allies, in and for the name of Draconia. Being a red dragonborn, I had quite the task on my hands in that respect, but it was exactly what I needed so I could explore the world and find these artifacts, as I felt the truth was out there. Some may describe me as buffoonish, but I say poppycock to all that. I am much sharper than most give me credit for. I just don't pay attention to things sometimes. I've also been known to be rather cunning, loyal, happy-go-lucky, and well, dangerous. I can't help but show my true scales every now and then. But overall, I think I'm quite friendly for a dragonborn! Hold on, I haven't come out of the room yet, right? So I do, I see Grog going there, drinking his thing, I use my Mage Hand and I whack the ale out of his hand. I make my way down to the thing and I tell the bartender, give this warrior water. This might be your problem, Grog. You lost for a reason, and you're a warrior. Yes, I know that, Vax. I'm just saying. I cast Invisibility. I'm at the dock, right? I'm going to cast Fly on myself and see what's going on. No, I'm still invisible for a round. I'm going to do a (whoosh) to where they are. I'm going to where the attack is, not to them. I'm flying around. I'm above you. Here! I'd like to go get my money at Kraghammer. I suppose you're right. I'm going to cast Fly out of my ring on Grog. I'm going to cast it at 5th level, and I'm going to cast it on myself, I'll keep it on him, Grog, and Trinket. Like last time, remember, Trinket? Now we've touched down and we're traveling? Is it like a thicket? Is this rough terrain we're going through? Is it plant life? How far away are we from each other? I cast Stoneskin right now. 18. I have all kinds of things. If we can nudge it into where he's drinking, then box him in. I'd like to do an investigation on his-- oh yes! I rolled a 21. Guess how much he weighs. Damn it. Too big. Keeping within 100 feet of it. Well, Vax can move. Is that my best POV? Okay. Actually, we can move anywhere right now, right? You're running up the stone? Is any part of the creature still in the water? Cool. I'm going to cast Invisibility. And I can see it, because I'm on the other side of the ramp, right? I'm going to cast Chain Lightning right at the foot. Yes, it is. It's a 150 foot range, and I do 10d8 damage. 17. How do I count these? There's a bunch of sevens. Stupid ones. All together? Oh. 38. 43. Greater. I'm going, what are the big lumps, are those trees? I'm just going to go right behind that tree. Seven more subs? 22. That's what you usually get. It's still on the same position it was, though, right? When we started? Right? And I go, oh no you don't. And I stick out my ring and Chain Lightning him again. Yeah, I know, and I had one stored in my ring. No, I thought that was the Ioun Stone. We all learned something today, kids. I don't do that. Instead, fine. I'm going to cast Telekinesis once. And I'm instantly going to do quicken spell and do five sorcerer points to cast it immediately again. Cast it on one head and another head and (bashing, tying sounds). To try and wrap them all and choke them. Wasn't terrible. What is that? Natural 20. And then I go back against the tree. That is my turn. Wait, what rules? We don't know the rules! I don't know what that means! Hold on. Wait no, hold on. I peek over and Counterspell. Okay, well. He's 20 feet in radius himself, isn't he? Sweet! I'm going to-- oh, there's a lot of people, though. Who are they? I put my ring out and I'm going to do instantly, quicken spell, do five more SP will bring me down to one sorcerer point, and I'm going to huck two Fireballs right in the center of the hydra. But you're off to the side. You're not on it. Are you on it? 20-- what is that?-- 29, 31, 35, 36, so that's 41. 34, so that's 39. Yes. It's any fire attack. Spell save? 17. Oh, hold on a second. Wait. I want to put a pause on this real quick. I asked the question before I cast the spell. Is the hydra itself 20-foot radius? And I got a nod, so I figured my spell-- Diameter. Radius is different from diameter? Okay. Well then, it's fine, I'll shift it closer-- Plus his what? Oh my god. Before the last one reaches it, I actually cast really hard Control Flame. It totally doesn't work this way, but I do it anyway. You bastard, I didn't mean to do this! And I'm going to hammer like I did with Flaming Sphere when we were playing in private. That was really cool. Actually, I did that. Sorry. My aim was off.