Yes. Greetings and salutations, everyone! Last week when Kit was here-- Hi Kit, we miss you! We went to It's a Wrap over in Burbank, California. Me and Liam and Laura and Marisha and Kit and her hubby. We were there and saw this robe, and I think Marisha and Laura were like, try it on, and I was like, okay. And I tried it on and was like, oh my god, it was made for me. Yeah, totally, I was like, oh my god, and Liam tweeted a picture about it, and then I was streaming on my stream on Twitch and somebody mentioned the robe. And Michael Bauman-- thank you again, I'm going to thank you on Critical Role for-- he donated $400, which was the cost of the robe, and then he just wrote in the chat, this is for the robe, so I'm wearing the robe. Thank you very much. Thank you so much you guys and all you guys who pitched in and stuff. Thank you. Good morning, everyone! Oh, I see. Are you saying they're having relations? Well, I was thinking last night, Grog, that we're probably going to be here for a little bit before going anywhere. Do we go anywhere? Who? Oh. Right! Yes! Also, I really want to see Allura. For no particular-- actually for very specific reasons. Yes. One of them is I want to pick up one of the Earrings of Telecommunication. It has been finished for quite some time. We just have to go to where she resides to pick it up. Then one of us could have another one. I feel so good. I'm telling you, it's helping, too. (poof) A little dust and fix that for him. Matthew? Rolling-- 12. I'm just trying to teach my pet something but I rolled a 12. Oh, I want it to follow. To follow. He's in a mood, also. Why is everybody in a mood today? I'm going to go down to my laboratory. I'm not there. Well, I was doing my research on that stuff last night and this morning. It's just my ability because of my class. I do the backstory. I am a noble sage. Yeah, I know, and I spliced them because it made sense. No. The noble part is the RP. The sage is the perk. And I was writing down the sigil to the keep. That's completed. Wonderful. I did it right this time! Knowing that, I take some files and-- I want to check if I can-- Nope. I can't do anything yet. That's it. I'm going to go upstairs. Yes, absolutely. That's what my items are for. I've only found one of them. There are still three or four, if they even exist out there. There are countless things to go and venture forth and explore. The artifacts, the Ring of Boros, the old hag. That is the next step in my quest. She told us it would be in the Feywood. Right? That is where we need to go. But that's why we ran into her in Vasselheim, and she wouldn't tell me anything more. Well, you've seen how I've used my Mending Wheel. Countless ways. Moreover, it would prove to the council that all of the things that I went on this journey for to begin with, it was true. Or for naught. And really, to gain the respect of my father and everyone else. You don't know how hard it is to be a chromatic dragon in a metallic world! It's not easy. Of course. Which is why I have pledged my loyalty to you all. And I need your strength, as well. There is no way I could accomplish in my mission alone. I mean, Grog, when I ran into you in that one bar. How many men were you beating up? I counted eight, if I recall. Here was this brute who I would have ran away from, but here you were, and I found you to be rather charming. I figured, well, that's some good company to keep, rather. And then I met the rest of you, and look where we are now! She felt nothing, but of course. And I was giving my new Krull blade a good old try. She was-- okay, fine. Are there woods nearby? Well, yes. One raises a hand to me or Vox Machina, they are going to die. It is simple. I do not know why this is a discussion. I won't be as cruel-- Yes, to someone who was opposing us. That was a child who was innocent. Or was he opposing us, too? I don't remember, actually. I'll show you how. You just have to do it really slow. Allura saw everything, as well. One of them was still alive. I didn't kill both of them. Yes! 19. The Briarwoods are vampires. And that old lady, who was a butthole by the way, was with this demonoid person who we had to fight as well. So the point is, we all know how dangerous it is that the knowledge of vampire existence and the spreading of those vile creatures. And now we know they do exist. So however the means that that came about is neither here nor there. We know where they are. Actually, you take a Stormwind's word for-- I stand up. "No need for threats, friend. Are we done here?" He gave her a magic winky face. Wait a minute! I really need to go to Allura. She's our best interest right now. It is beyond that. There are several reasons to go. We need to get the Earring of Telescription. I need her to enchant something for me, too. As well as the fact I fear that our keep may be in danger. I would like to ask her if she may be able to set up a warding spell for-- Oh, I absolutely did! Her and another one with this-- what was he, a tiefling? Named the Broker attacked us. And that's why I killed her. I need to see that sigil. Thank you so much, Lady Allura! I shall. The only way we can go there is telling them. When I talk to Asum and get that sigil to that damn Briarwood keep. That's how we get there. We don't have to lie to them. We tell them where we're going, and we can just go there. It's just a piece of it? I'd like to stop by the temple real quick to pick up my decanter. I'm doing all the shit. I'm going to stop at an armory because I want my crossbow reinforced. I don't know what that means. I want to learn a different sigil. The one that I researched for the waste fair, or for the way-- the Feywild! There's this big city next to it that I researched, that is near it, and in that city might be a sigil. So I'm going to go see if I can learn it. And then I want to come back and start enchanting my blades. I can give it to you. I wrote it down. And then I have to go to the dry cleaners for my robe. Who doesn't have a ring? An earring. Stop by and pick up the decanter from the temple. Then the only thing I do is visit the keep with the sigils library or whatever. The sigil that's closest to the Feywild. Then I only pick up my decanter. I don't do that! Damn, I forgot! My short-term memory is just jacked! What city was that near? Then I'll go to the thing and I'll find the Westruun sigil. No, I didn't. I used the amulet and we got permission to come there. I saved that favor for this. Have I reached the keep yet? Is Allura on the way back from the Lyceum? I'm going to Allura's. At Allura's tower? Is that it? So I just turn around? Go back? Greeting and salutations. I'm Tiberius Stormwind from Draconia. Moreover, a member of Vox Machina, over at Greyskull Keep. It seems that you all are posturing and whatnot. (chuckles) It's adorable. But I'm here to see Lady Allura. Could you let her know that I would like to speak to her, or get out of my way so I can just go over there and tell her myself? Well, do the second thing. If you don't do one thing, do one of the other things. Oh, it has been, it has been processed! Oh, that's good to know! I appreciate that. Very well. I cast Fly on myself and I go back to the keep. I fly in. Vox Machina! Sorry. Hi. What are you doing? Are you up here thinking? Off doing things that wasn't really that productive, overall, but they don't like me anywhere, especially now. Yes, actually, I do. Yes, I would love some alcohol. This calls for alcohol. Oh yes. (whoosh) No, fire breath. (slurred) What? What are you talking about? Don't you tell me how to drink. Oh, you! (slurred) He gave me a shot of his flask water, and it's so good. (slurred) Allura doesn't like me anymore because I killed that bitch who tried to kill us, and now she's fucking-- nobody likes us! Vax gave me-- Oh, I love protecting you, it is-- and Lockheed is, he loves you, too-- See, I'm telling you, nobody likes me. It's good. Hi. How are you? I'm Tiberius-- Draconia. You are princess pretty face. He likes you, too. Human kissy mouth, with you is-- (vomits) (laughter) Oh! Sorry. Did you need to go somewhere? Is it sleepy time? Should I cast Fireball? She pushed me off the roof. I fall off the roof. I still have Fly on myself, don't I? I'm going to get a sandwich. I'm not there. Oh, so then I turn around with my sandwich and am like, we have to just make Allura talk to us. She can fix everything. No, you need a warding spell. Put some little hats on them and make them cute. Oh, we should get some corn and other harvestments at the farms. (slurred) I love how you shoot arrows at things' eyeballs. Oh, that's you. But where are you going? You go play up there. Tell your brother to be good. Anyway, you're so pretty. You can do anything with magic. You can make things go. You can make things stop. Grog is big. Scanlan's small. Everything is great. Hi. I also go up to the door and go, Trinket. (mumbling) Percy. No, it's been like five minutes, hasn't it? Yes, yes. Keyleth. We are Vox Machina. Over from Greyskull Keep. I'm Tiberius Stormwind. Have you seen any of its droppings anywhere? I'm fine. I go invisible. Oh, we are not actually cows? If it's Polymorph, I couldn't cast stuff. I redact my Invisibility and I'll be a cow. I'm also going to be a cow. I want to be a brown cow. That's good. I try to speak to the cow. Hello, I'm Tiberius Stormwind from Draconia. You're Dr. Doolittle. Make sure the cow-- What? She may know a cow that is over there. Just ask about the bird! Ask her where the moon is at night-- It's a cow. This is the same as before. Oh, we are ourselves, still? Can I Prestidigitate smells? Sweet. Go ahead. (laughter) Is it Jumanji time? I cast Stoneskin on myself. I'm going to fix my ring on it. As it gets close I'm going to brace my ring as it's coming towards us. Cast Slow on it! 17. It's concentration! No, wait, it is a concentration. 17. Five. Shush! What the hell?! Good. I drop Stoneskin. At 5th-level, I go myself, one, two, three-- I cast Fly on all of us. Fly, you fools! And go right after them. (shouting) Fly, Vox Machina! Moo! 60 feet. I'm going to dash. On that. No, he's a little pebble. I go full Gandalf. You're both flying cows! I think it lasts for like eight hours. How far away from it are we? It's only 500 feet away from me right now? Okay, cool. Well I'm going for it, still. Where am I? It's taking off right now and I'm over here? Okay. If it's doing that, then I'll fucking go higher and try to meet it where it's going. Are we flying anymore? Oh, shit. Okay. Oh, no. That's a good idea. I like that idea. Yes. I'm going to cast Greater Invisibility on myself and then follow. Oh wait! No! I don't do that. Damn it! I forget we're still flying. I thought we'd landed already. No. 16. 16. I rolled an arcana check of 17 of my surroundings-- where it's coming from. Or, I mean, moo! Then, as he's saying that, I'll approach. And as I approach the thing, I'm going to Dispel Magic on myself. What is that? 11. I'm going to say, is this big bird thing asleep? I'm not trying to harm it at all. I'm just seeing if it's fine. If we could talk. I can't see anything, and I wanted to cast Light so I could see something, but I don't want to hurt your bird's eyes. So it's awake? Cows. We were cows. We didn't do anything to the creature. No, we were-- This creature was stealing the farmer's cows, and the farmers were saying, "You've taken our livestock," which is hurting the farm. We came to help them and we posed as cows, and then your bird took our-- Light. But I'm going to block it with my hand so it's not going to blind the bird. Sorry. I tried to not blind you. It was very dark. I'm sorry. Hello. We mean you no harm. I am talking to him. The life and purpose of their existence is to keep those other people alive. When one has an establishment, when one grows its own crop, and one steals something, it is considered a crime. Fair point. Would you not like to be called Byron, or would you like something else, like B-roy or B-man? My name's Tiberius Stormwind from Draconia. And this is my friend Keyleth, who is also a druid. And we also have a friend who is a gnome who sings songs and whatnot. I'm feeding a tiny snack to Lockheed. As he swoops, I've never seen anything quite like it. I'm going to aid her, too. No, she really knows her stuff. I mean, we just fought this fire guy-- Or just the other way. Oh! I might have an idea. Yes! See, your creature is rather large and powerful, yes? You have a rather strong bond with him, which is quite unique with such a unique looking creature. Whitestone? Yeah! Well, I guess there's a couple of options, really. There's this town Whitestone that's pretty great and has a lot of livestock that this creature can consume. That is a 24. Well, the other option was, like I was saying, perhaps you can form an agreement with Emon. I'm sure it would pay in livestock rather well for the protection of you, such a powerful druid, over at least a section of the land. In exchange for free food for your friend. That's right! That's true! That's a wonderful idea, Vex. Yes! I'll aid her, as well. It is true, though. I mean, it's just feed walking all around for it. Us! Yes. No, us who are members of the guild. No! Not here. Other places that we're forced to do it. But still we're members. I'll take out my Scroll of Telescription and start writing a note. I flip over the note that I'm writing to him and then I trigger it (flying noise) as he's reading it. As that's going on, because we're going to head back right now to seal this up, right? Then I'll do my Teleportation Circle. Which is closer to the northeast the Lyceum or the Keep? I put one in my Bag of Holding, too. All right. I'll burn another 5th-level and then fly us all out.