Good evening, everyone. Oh. It's called "Giant Penis Jokes." Oh my god. And nothing else? I've joined it already. Team Hooman. Ify. What, the Snugglelord? You didn't think that would... Wait. Oh, they went to the country, Greece. Well, I don't know. They might have interests I'm not aware of. Just saying. I think a new one is the djinn. Like there's like a djinn race, like there's an air, a water, and a fire and earth elemental-- Like a half human and yeah-- I think the new expansion, like djinns, however you say it. And I believe like the monk and sorcerer are the only ones that have like the point system? That's why Tiberius is so bumbly sometimes and really doesn't know shit. It's his first time out in the world-- Which one of you is a caster? What are you, Ify? Are you gonna do the backgrounds for them? Gilmore is fantastic! Fantastic fellow. Yeah, lot of you asked about my Mending Wheel, 'cause I've used that a bunch. And the Mending Wheel is part of something that Tiberius' personal quest is about, that I wrote and gave to Matthew. It's like this is-- Yeah, it's like over two years now. Wow, it's been a while. But I said, "Here, this is what "his goals are, this is why he's travelling with this group of people." And that is like, when I found that thing, he doesn't make it, you know, very difficult, but he doesn't make it easy either. Like when we came across it, there was this NPC witch, right? And we had this interaction where he-- it was about something else, our main quest that we were doing and he said, he was describing her place and he said something-something wheel. Just, and was listing things, and I was like, "Wait a minute, that's one of my things I think I "wrote about!" And I then as Tiberius inquired about it, then that became a conversation between me and the NPC and I had to-- does that apply now? Is that gone? (quietly) Oh, no. I had to negotiate some of my fortune which, I still don't know what that means. But I had to give that to the witch NPC in exchange for the Wheel of Mending, which is the very important thing in my quest. So-- It's great. It's been great. Really horrible-- But the cool thing is, I didn't describe what the wheel did. I named what they were and Matthew then decided if it, a) if it was existed, b) what it did and, you know, how it worked and all that stuff. So, that's-- it's cool. Because then I'm surprised and I'm the one expecting to see it. I'm still surprised, and it's great. Yeah, that was like, their father was a big part of one of our main quests. It was insane. You need to always just wear that shirt. While we're waiting, I'd like to address a couple things that I've been tweeted at about roleplay, and what I think about roleplay, and how I'm super hardcore about it. I always tell people who's kinda like wanted-- my friends who are like, "I have no idea what that is," and I was like, the best I can explain how I roleplay is as soon as I sit down, and as soon as he says the narration and then we get into it, I immediately just pretend I'm like 12 years old again. And I'm this guy, I'm this kid and I have my-- or ten or 11-- however, I don't know age anymore-- ten. Where imagination is the strongest. Where I put on my sheet, and wrap it around and that's my cape, and I have my flashlight and that's my lightsaber or whatever the hell and I go outside and play 'til my mom comes to go have dinner or whatever, and I'm dirty as hell when I come back inside. Everybody's done that, we've all been kids. I'm just saying. Also, when I play D&D. That's where I go. It's just-- when everybody's not thinking about any kind of thing other than having fun, that's my best advice. To just kinda roleplay. Just have fun. Um, by the way, I have been playing this wrong all the time Because-- no, 'cause we had this conversation yesterday. And I was like, "I don't understand! Mercer's trying to kill us all the time!" And he's like, "You're wrong! He wants to make you a hero," and I'm like, "What?" (laughter) Some DMs do. It's just like an armored, fucking enchanted horned beholder motherfucker. Yeah sure, he's not totally trying to kill us. But it is a good point, like, I should've been more-- I shouldn't have been so fearful as I was. I'm literally thinking, "He's--" I know. Matthew, that's why I'm going to be showing up next week. I will be. I'll be here. But we put a nice tablecloth on the table. That's inappropriate? Penis? Oh, sure. To what you're saying, too, what Matthew, I don't how to say this. What Matthew allows me to do is, for all you casters out there, if the spell isn't in the book, ask your DM if you can craft them. I've-- Matthew has-- if it doesn't exist, he's let me make spells. That's what Glacial Blast is, it doesn't exist here but I was like, hey, I wanna do this thing that doesn't quite, isn't described in here, so you can ask your DM and he can figure it out with you. I of course always give him way-too-OP stuff, he's like no, and then he gives me an actual spell. It works. Whose line is it anyway, Matt? Eldritch Blast, Eldritch Blast! That's for the attack. Yes, say yes, Thaumaturgy. That's all you need. That's gonna have to be integrated somehow. And I'd like to say to everybody who's watching that had those questions about how do you roleplay, how do you have fun, you just saw three dudes with different levels of experience having all an amazing time. And we loved every second of watching it, so. No game has to be the same, you play it how you want, and that's a good time. Or that money. It's true, it is. Where's your cake? That was very Paul Blart, dude. Oh, you're responsible for the potato balls! Yes!