Hey, everybody. I'm Orion Acaba and I'm also a voice actor. I do things. Yeah! Keyleth is Marisha Ray. No, it's our moment. I'm Tiberius the awesome sorcerer. Dragonborn, yeah! That's right. I speak Dwarvish as well! I do. That's true! Good way to phrase that, Scanlan. Also, I would like to check out any places where they might have enchanted libraries or what not. I'm just saying put it on the list. Hello, friends. My associates and I were looking for a place of lodging for the night and a place of reputable reputation. At least a few days. Ooh! Like what? I do things like that all the time! The Converse! Of course! Well who's the friendlier Greypsine? I understood! Excuse me, one thing, Adra, are there any mystics in this particular town that study any arcane arts? Interesting. Thank you. I use my Earring of Whisper to Vex. Cool it down. Calm down. Not so sexy. Keyleth, stop doing that. I saunter over. Hello! My name is Tiberius Stormwind! Oh! Who's the last dragonborn you fought? Do you remember his name? No, I know him! I know the Bloody family, they're terrible people. Anyway, my associates and I were wondering if you might come-- Is that what we're doing? Trying to get him to come with us? Would you like to accompany us on this journey that we're taking? We're trying to find the Greyspines and you seem like you would want to come in on this. Oh, I get advantage? Three. I'll take the 18. Oh and plus my-- Which is a nine. That's why I talk. Do you like dragon pieces? You should give us all a copy so you will have multiple. Oh, okay, that's fine. How long is a short rest? I want to take short rest. What was the arcane magic, the manor? I want to head in that direction. Oh, I'm going to House Thunderbrand, if anybody wants to come with me. Sorry! I'm going to House Thunderbrand before turning in this evening. I've had a nice little short rest and I would like to ask them a few questions. That's a mouthful. 'Whore dwarf.' Whoa. Well, this is a lovely sight! I'm going to saunter on up to the door! Where is my perception--? Oh. Five. It's close. What is this? Oh! That's a 15. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Well, I dust myself off. Apparently, there's some security. Hello?! Anything happen? Two to three minutes? That's a long time. Very well. What do I see around the place? Do I see any large rocks, or any large pillars that I can--? I'm going to-- okay. I'm going to shoot a Fireball. Right in front of me, roll it like a bowling ball. Just right to the door. Oh! I'm four feet from the door? I don't do that. I'm only four feet from the door? Oh. I use Mage Hand. I knock on the door. Damn these runes. Okay, fine. I will do Glacial Blast right up to the door. But not to the door. Shit. I turn back and head to the group. What?! Don't speak to me in that manner, I am Tiberius Stormwind! 18. I understand that, and I am sorry for losing my temper. I was just looking to ask questions of particular artifacts I have been looking for and this house is the only known arcane house I know that I was pointed to. I tried to reach them and communicate, but I was stopped by the stupid rune I can't figure out! I was turning back to get my tavern to get some rest and come back and try to contact the family the next day! Then I was stopped by you! 24. I mean yes, my hearing is perfectly fine. Good day. Back to the tavern. I'm at the balcony by the way. Watching all this. I'm taking a short rest, you all can do this. I'm having an ale while watching all this. Yeah, and I'm like This is fog! Probably Keyleth's spell. (like Marisha) I'm a bear. I'm going to cast Prestidigitation and do fireworks on top of that. Can I do little hats? No. I'll try. Paper hat! Greetings and salutations, I am Tiberius Stormwind. I hail from a town called Ty'rex, located in the heart of Draconia, born from a politically respected family. At the age of 15, I succeeded in passing the Sorcerer's Rite, showing prodigy-like control of my magic. The judges and the Draconian high council were amazed at how powerful my spells were for how long I had been training. At 20 years old, I was the youngest appointed member of the magic guild in Draconian history. For the next few years, I almost went mad from the malaise of being a guild member, as it's rather boring. However, one day I happened upon a chamber, unused for quite some time. In the room were stacks of books and maps of the surrounding cities and areas around the known world. For months, I would frequent the chamber, and learned of artifacts from legend. After a long period of research, I made a list of artifacts that caught my eye. I brought these findings to the high council and was told that all of the information in the chamber I had stumbled upon was either believed to be fiction, or unsolvable mysteries, and hence were lost forever. I found those answers to be unacceptable. A year later, I devised a ruse and managed to convince the city council to lend support in me leaving Draconia on a mission of peace and diplomacy for the surrounding kingdoms. Going from town to town and making friends and allies in and for the name of Draconia. Being a red dragonborn, I had quite the task on my hands in that respect, but it was exactly what I needed so I could explore the world and find these artifacts, as I felt the truth was out there. Some may describe me as buffoonish, but I say poppycock to all that. I am much sharper than most give me credit for. I just don't pay attention to things sometimes. I've also been known to be rather cunning, loyal, happy-go-lucky, and well, dangerous. I can't help but show my true scales every now and then. But overall, I think I'm quite friendly for a dragonborn. I didn't, certainly not. I just couldn't get in the door. Rather rude! What I thought is that I could cover the rune with ice and merely step over it. I didn't think it would dissolve my ice. Yes. A good sorcerer always all his tricks before turning around, which is what I did. I think we should go back there because I feel that it's significant that I couldn't get in so easily. I would not do that again. Almost! She shot off the penis. Don't you remember, Vax? I was almost raped by trolls. Oh, my name is Tiberius Kraghammer. (laughter) Shoot, we're in Kraghammer, right? Oh, Stronghammer. I meant--I meant Stronghammer. Kraghammer is my father's cousin's side. I've been drinking since I've woken. Oh yay, 19. I've been very depressed, you know. Oh, I mean, I've been drinking a lot of it, sure! Maybe, we can save some for them. Do you have any flasks that we could use to fill them up? Hold on, wait. Don't knock on anything. Things shock you here. You can call him Percy. Yes, who? I am quite drunk right now. Is he the nice one? I would like the nice one. I have no idea what's going even going on. I must say, I am having a wonderful time. I use the earpiece and whisper What are you doing, Scanlan?! What are you doing?! Why are you making it harder on yourself? Scanlan, look for paperwork of something else, and by the way, all of you should be hearing me right now, you all have the ear-- That's right. (clears throat) Do all those things, Scanlan. Damn it, Scanlan! Just get out of there! What are you doing? Metal poisoning, yes. I'm going to take this opportunity to cast Stoneskin on myself. Yeah, that's fine. Greetings and salutations! Oh, you don't need that. Wonderful! Oh, was she clumsy? How did she look? So not a looker is what you are saying. Yes, we should. Maybe some arcane house could tell us how to deal with these things. Yes, do we have badges that we wear over so that they know--? No, because we have to give it to those guards. Stop it. Just go! What are you doing? I'm on the earring. Is there a clear area where there's a bunch of goblins running? I'm going to throw a little Fireball, right there where those guys are. Sorry about that! Yeah. Wonderful! 21. I have 21. I move within 60 feet of those big fellows. Right before there. I'm going to shoot a Scorching Ray at the big guy. That's good right there. Actually, oh there's a bunch of those dudes, aren't there? I'm going to do a Fireball instead, right in the center of the juiciness where I can get a couple little guys and both the big guys. I'm going to do that, and I'm going to spend two sorcerer points immediately to do quickening spell and do another spell right after that. My DC on my spell is-- Oh! Wait. Oh! 17, sorry. He's a large creature isn't he? I'm going to use my second spell and do Telekinesis and pick one up and try to hurl him into the other one. The one that's beaten up already. I turn to Grog They're all yours, buddy! Sweet! Impact damage? Ten. Yeah. Four. We should just let it pass. How tall are the walls? I mean the ceiling. Okay, that's fine. Is that cover right there next to me? I'll get behind the cover. I'm going to peek out and I'm going to cast Blur. I can't do both? Okay, I leave Stoneskin. What did you just do? Okay! I'll do a Scorching Ray. Two-- four. Let's shoot two of them right now, right, three of them? Yeah. Oh! That's 23. Yes, okay. Then that's 2d6. That's 12. Wait. I roll for the second shot, right? Okay, and that's a natural 20. (cheering) 12. Yeah. I rolled a 12. Oh! I'm terrible at math! Stay in school, kids! I'll stay right here. Yeah! Oh yes, I do. One does, one does not. It's a 16. Can I turn to him and blow fire out of my nostrils? That's what I do. Where are you going?! Okay. 17.