That's right, Greyspine. Well, of course we have. I'm sorry. No Grog, we need to go do this. Then you can smash, you'll be fine. Sorry, I didn't mean to slam the door like that. (group laughs) Grog, this seems like a wonderful job, doesn't it? We're saying we are going to help you, too. And everything will be fine, and we'll all be happy. Yes. We have to save some for those guards. It has been. Oh, I know him from Quimdendale. Also, may we take a short rest before we leave this facility? Oh, I feel so good. It feels good. Real good. Sounds more like some type of necromancy magic. Oh, that's even worse. We were all surprised. Also, do you have a map? Wonderful. I'll take that. (laughs) This one needs a whore, sorry. (Sam grunts) All right. If you all don't mind, I suggest we item up a bit, and before we get too late, and we get too drunk, Grog, go back to that lightning -- main-- manor-- lightning cage. House Thunderbrand. (Matt laughs) Both parties. Cross-plane. And I tell them what happened, again. Well, I went to this door because-- And if we are to go down into this cave, perhaps they have some insight into what's going on there as well. Especially at this point in. And I priorly had luck with more than-- Yes, I knocked, as I do often do. And nothing doing. Oh, very good. Hold, hold on. Before he does that, I cast prestidigitation, and I clean it up real quick. And I hand him a parchment and go, if there's anything wrong, just write the message on this, and we'll come help. If there's any emergency. And I hand him a parchment from the Scroll of Telescription that I made. I made like 15 tickets right now. And it takes me an hour to craft. Remember, dragonborn, we're good. So long. And I leave. Are we iteming up first? Those things! No, I don't suggest that, Grog. I shoot firebolt. Great. This is as I'm paused telling him not to do that. Don't! As I was about to say, that was going to happen. Let me try one thing that I didn't think to do last time. I'm gonna cast Dispel Magic on the runestone. Oh, and I cast it at my fourth level slot. Dispel magic. 13. Yeah. Are they fourth level or higher? Fuck. It's a flying magical carpet. It's a flying magical carpet. I'm waving. Hello. Watch out for that rune. It's still on. Well, it's a pleasure to meet you. My name's Tiberius Stormwind, and these are my friends. That's what I'm trying to say is that I came here looking to ask about the arcane studies. I'm extremely interested in that. When I heard that your house Was the only one that was in that particular study, I was immensely intrigued. I respect the arcane arts so much that it's, well, it's been my life. And right now, we're in bit of a situation where we have to go slaughter a bunch of nasties in apparently one of your mines. And we don't know the source. And it appears to be of an extreme arcane nature of the dark sense, and I figured we could come to you for help and some kind of guidance. And I will-- Scanlan, will you stop it! And it appears that you very well know something that we could learn from, with all due respect, of course. 11. I will send you my associate. The dwarf turns around and begins walking away with his staff. I'm gonna cast Alter Self on myself to be a dwarf. Oh shit, I cast it on her instead. (loud thudding) Keyleth, where have you been? She had an accident on the way over here. We were hoping maybe-- Who are you? The House of Valor. It's not the House of Vulva, Scanlan. (in Marisha's bad accent) Let's go to the North. We don't need that. Don't worry about that. By the way, I pull out a bottle of air. Just an empty bottle and go and plus, we have this. Groovy! So business is good? What would you suggest? And do you know of any things we should particularly buy before we leave going into the mines and encountering nasty naga-type creatures and other kind of things. I could take one. All right, calm down. Enchanted arrows is what she's asking for. Yes they would be, very much. Dear sir, have you happened upon any-- --relic or artifact around here, or heard of something called the Pale Stone? This is a rare artifact I've been looking for for quite some time. Oh, you appraise? Very good. I don't need one. I bring out my bottle of air. And I go, "I have this." And I put it back in. He's Balgus, Grog. Damn it. Yeah. They see that crap all the time. I want to detect magic for a while. Give it to me. I love elevators. Oh, light! (snaps) She said it was dark, and then I cast my spell. Who and what are those? We already know. Do I detect any magic? Stealth twins, 2015. I love a mystery. I'm gonna pee my face off. (Liam imitates rushing water) Enjoy our butt shots, everybody. (clears throat) Greetings and salutations. I am Tiberius Stormwind. I hail from a town called Ty'rex, located in the heart of Draconia, from a politically respected family. At the age of 15, I succeeded in passing the Sorcerer's Rite, showing prodigy-like control of my magic. The judges and the Draconian high council were amazed at how powerful my spells were for how long I had been training. At 20 years old, I was the youngest appointed member of the magic guild in Draconian history. For the next few years, I almost went mad from the malaise of being a guild member, as it's rather boring. However, one day I happened upon a chamber, unused for quite some time. In the room were stacks of books and maps of the surrounding cities and areas around the known world. For months I would frequent the chamber and learned of artifacts from legend. After a long period of research, I made a list of artifacts that caught my eye. I brought these findings to the high council and was told that all of the information in the chamber I stumbled upon was either believed to be fiction or unsolvable mysteries and hence were lost forever. I found those answers to be unacceptable. A year later I devised a ruse and managed to convince the city council to lend support in me leaving Draconia on a mission of peace and diplomacy for the surrounding kingdoms. Going from town to town and making friends and allies, in and for the name of Draconia. Being a red dragonborn, I had quite the task on my hands in that respect, but it was exactly what I needed, so I could explore the world and find these artifacts, as I felt the truth was out there. Some may describe me as buffoonish, but I say poppycock to all that. (stammers) I am much sharper than most give me credit for. I just don't pay attention to things sometimes. I've also been known to be rather cunning, loyal, happy-go-lucky, and well, dangerous. I can't help but show my true scales every now and then. But overall, I think I'm quite friendly for a dragonborn. Sorry everyone. Tiberius has returned. So, in character as always. So, the winner of the evening is going to win both a signed photo of the cast of Critical Role as well as a signed Player's Handbook of D&D's 5th Edition is (clears throat) Did you hear that? I'm sorry. I'm gonna dispel my light spell. Can you not see now? It doesn't matter, do you want me to turn it back on? I dispel it again, I'm sorry. Light! I cast stoneskin on myself immediately. You don't have that much time, unfortunately. Because they are upon you, it a surprise round. 13. 13. She got a pizza. The old reach around stabbing. Roll a two. Oh! Grog, what are you doing? Oh, now you're all screwed up. Damn it, Grog. I look at Grog, and I'm like, will you stop it! I cast Dispel Magic on him. (Travis snarls) Yeah. Yeah, he's being controlled by it. I know, but you're a big, hulking, crazy mofo. Yes, it is. Uh, 17. I'm not done yet. I slap him. Just get on this, will you? (Travis snarls) (clears throat) that is my turn. Yeah, take the drop. Don't do anything. I'll take care of the snail. (talking over each other) Do the app. Good shot! I have to wait to figure out when to open which one. It's 20! Wait, can you let him go and let him drown? No, it's fine if he drowns and dies. He's in the water, though. Firebolt. Sweet, that does not hit. Uh, 11. 10. Good cavern. That rhymed. That was the name of the one girl, wasn't it? Word. I cast prestidigitation and clean everybody up. He's clean already. I follow as well. Take that out first. Oh, it seems like there's trouble over there. (group laughs) What has Grog gotten himself into? I saunter-- Yes. Oh. Yeah, I would go around there to-- That's good, I suppose. What's in between the-- between him and that. Is that a boulder? I see, how tall is that? Oh crap, okay. I can't do anything too much. I'll just cast stoneskin on myself. Okay, Stoneskin cast on you. That brings us to Vex. Scanlan, are you doing an ass cloud again? I was just going to say. Doing stink magic. It's like earthbending. I love Seattle. Good roll. Tiberius, I mean-- I say-- Okay, I'm gonna-- Okay, I'm gonna go right up to where Grog is. Right there, right in front of him. Now can I see the brain fucker? Ooh, you're a nasty one. I'm gonna fire a glacial blast at this dude. My DC is 17. Four, six, and 8d6. Nice. "The poo cloud," Keyleth calls it. It's the same spell. So, the guy knocked down over there is-- let me see that pointer. This guy, that's the one that we knocked out with the arrow? The dead one or the one we knocked out? Who do we have incapacitated? And the one right here is...? I think I can step next to Percy without stepping into that cloud. Sorry, excuse me, Grog, pardon. I will shoot a firebolt at the butthole across the way. 14. On the ones and twos. Ones and twos.