Related, I leveled my undead holy priest to 64 last night, on Warcraft. I guess we should follow him, then. That can't be good. I'll talk to him. I say into my thing, "Scanlan, what the hell's going on?" Okay, well, there's a mind flayer here. Right, right. I turn to Clarota, I'm like, "Ooh, that's our friend, Pike. "She's a good ally. "Hello, Pike!" Sometimes we hug as allies, Clarota. Oh, those are fun. Thank you very much, Clarota. Yes. Oh dear, that's no good. (all laugh) Clarota, we've already allied ourselves with you, as we've already agreed. As we said, yes. But the thing you wear on your head, it would make us all the more equipped to take on this task. It's against such powerful mind creatures, such as yourself, I know my way around a couple Arcane things, but nothing of the mind control sorts. If someone like me were to be influenced, it would be very bad for our group. Even yourself, perhaps. It would do well to at least maybe show us how you built it, and-- You get what I'm getting at, right? Sounds like a lovely town, Yug'Voril. We have to fetch him. Where you were, right? Well said, Grog. I don't even know if he saw me. He saw my funny cards. Oh, I cast Prestidigitation on Pike and I clean her up real quick. Don't worry, Grog. Her majesty, Keyleth. I'm sorry. Clarota is totally fine to talk in front of. He's amazing. Those last things sound terrible. I pull out my empty bottle, and I go, and I have this! Wait, what's going on? Isn't this the same water that you bended? There's only 26 people up there. On our last count. After. Clarota. He's asking to-- Yes? I'm reading my book. I love coconuts. Oh, I love doing light things. If you can make a pair for our friend here, that would help him out, I assume. Clarota. The mind hive that you possess, how close can one be before it actually affects? Say 100 feet, caught my friend in mid air, alas, in their run-in. Is its range about--? Your hair looks fine. Before I retire, Clarota, you said you wanted to speak with me later. Anything in particular, or you wish to save it for after the battle? Ooh, I'd be happy to discuss it. I could learn a great deal from you as well. Later, of course. I go to my books. Don't move. 16. Yes! Probably buttholes. Oh, I had the same dream, Scanlan! Both! Why not both? Well, there's two targets. So we all strike right on him. You two are going to take that little journey. The rest of us, what shall we do? I have many options and they're all fun. So Percy. Your sniper rifle. I should think that you want to post up and start taking out position. Yes, of course, onslaught to the rest of the camp, that we'll go about it too, right? Make a bunch of noise, a bunch of light. Perhaps you can fly. I cast Stoneskin. Oh, right. So I don't cast it, then. (all laugh) God damned concentration spells. Is everybody finished? Fly. Am I light enough for him to take me in? For him to carry me. I hop on your back. Let's go, Grog. Back up, the other way, other way, very good. Wherever I move your head, just tilt that way. It's really rickety! Just think. You're not listening, it'll just happen. Nothing. I was saying, if you're all finished, I'll just make you invisible right before it happens. We can all talk to each other. (sputtering) I cast invisibility on you, that's when everything happens. (all laugh) We land on the roof, we get in there, I cast Invisibility on you, and then you go do your thing. We would risk that anyway, either way. Wait, I have an idea. Is there enough weight for me get on the carpet at this point? Yes I do, it's 1000 pounds. Everybody, how much do you weigh? I'm sorry, Your Highness, but I need to know. The idea is if, I can step off on the carpet, and hang with you guys, then Grog you can float down to the whatchamacallit, and take Vax here, then I can, oh shit, I need to be near you to cast it, damn it! (all laugh) We need to wait before we light up. Down, down. Oh yes! 20. Yeah, do it. Yes, when I do this, though, it's going to be very cool. (all laugh) Right? I use my earring. Just to remind you of how these particular things work, I'm not actually talking right now. So you can just talk to each other through the rings. Come on in! -- with Greater Invisibility, so you can attack, and you'll still be invisible. Sure do. Subscribe now, kids. (groans) I cast Stoneskin immediately. We don't know anything. We just heard a scream. Oh, we can act on that. Damn! I got 16. I have 16. No no no, as soon as I cast Stoneskin, you were attacking, that's why I said this is all going-- This is all you're good for. Nice. I'm still on the roof, right? What can I see, like if I go down, what can I see? Oh, wonderful. Yes, I think I'll stay right here, thank you very much. And how tall is the roof? How high is it? 15 feet? Okay, wonderful, wonderful. So, let me see here. This is fun. I'm waiting for him to do something, 'cause it's so cool. Awesome. Okay. I'm going to-- I see the two guards behind Vex, right? Is that what's going on? And then the one duergar in front of Grog? Is that what's going on, too? Pillars, yes. No, they go up to 25. Yeah. That's why I always ask that question. It does 66 bludgeoning damage when it's pinned. 17. (reading) Why doesn't it say? I guess it doesn't. It doesn't say. Oh, wait a minute, no. You make this call. If a pillar is prevented from reaching its full height because of a ceiling or other obstacle, a creature on the pillar takes 66 bludgeoning damage and is restrained, pinched between the pillar and obstacle. The restrained creature can use an action to make a strength or dexterity check against the spell save DC. On a success they are no longer restrained, and must either move off the pole, or fall off of it. So they still, it still happens, but they're not pinned by it. Got you, okay. So go ahead and roll damage for all of them. 27 damage. I did 27 damage to each one. I go like this, hah! I use two of my sorcerer points, and I cast Quicken Spell, and I look at the general, and I-- Because of my books I've been tampering with, I cast Blight on his eyes. Okay. 'Cause I wanna. (all laugh) Yes. He takes 8d8 damage, and if he saves, he takes half the damage. 10, 15. 15 plus, what is that, ten, 14. 29? Yeah, because he made his save. Oh shit. You can make him do whatever. Thank you. Oh, that's a 20. Two. Oh great, it's a rock butthole. (all laugh) Is he rooted? Grog, smash right through his plate thingy. Such a bummer. I'm looking in, I'm like, oh, that's no good. I look at where he made the crack in the armor, where is that, is that in the head? Right, awesome. I'm going to kind of motion towards the mind flayer, and give a telepathic wink. Yeah. And I'm going to cast Telekinesis, and I'm going to pry open the metal. I'm not going to target the creature, I'm going to target the armor. Yes. Six damage. And I'm going to spend two more sorcery points, and do the spell again. I'm going to do a-- I'm gonna do Firebolt, right in the hole. And I'm going to use my metamagic wand to fire the spell. Oh, that hits. Can't do that. I zap him, I zap him for one. No, no no no, I empowered it. Full, it takes ten damage. 'Cause I empowered the spell. Yes. Nice! Nice move. Super, play that thing. Did it hit the floor or did you go again? Don't forget your boots, Pike. Try harder next time. Oh. Okay. Yeah, he's an emoji now. Someone asked what alignment we are. First question, what alignment are our characters? Tiberius is chaotic good. This is my first campaign also. I was a Magic the Gathering fan. Our character alignments do matter on how we play the characters, an earlier question. I was crying. To answer your question, there is an origin of Tiberius, fully written. I won't say it all right now, but he comes from a political family, and there's a whole bunch of layers to him. He is a thought-out character. The buffoonery is half-planned. Well, they asked if I actually thought out a story for him. He does have a thing for this character named Allura. She's super awesome. Hot, I think she's hot. Ooh, like Thai food. We just had a bunch of chicken. That is an awesome episode. Cut to them weeping. Donkey Kong, Pikachu. Somebody asked me what my favorite Smash Brothers character is. What about you? Keyleth? When this was going on, I asked Matt if there was a caster yet, like any glass cannons, and he said no. So I debated between a wizard and sorcerer. When we went over the different mechanics, how a wizard and a sorcerer works, I was more drawn to that. And I'm a huge RPG guy. To piggyback a quick question, to seal off the Tiberius thing, somebody asked if any of our voice acting influences our characters. Tiberius, absolutely. I played Elminster Aumar in the Neverwinter MMO. Which is a D&D MMO. And when we started this I'm essentially doing Elminster, but I made him super bubbly. Uh, troll penis story. I know you guys keep asking. I was getting raped by trolls. It was spitroasting. I'm doing the same thing for the record. At our Keep. We have a Keep back in-- Matt does control the music while we play. Music people out there. And when that was going on, I remember, when that went off, being still Tiberius, I was like in half character but half not, and I was not crying, I was like, (grumbles) the whole time, and as soon as she sprung back to life, because the cleric-- We luckily, because I know it was a tight roll. When she came back to life is when Tiberius, I was like, "oh my God, she's okay!" Where are you going? I wish I could turn to Sam, but he's not here. I feel... Tiberius is just me with magic. So that's how I feel. There's a wishlist? Oh, that's easy. Tom Hanks, for sure. (all laugh) He lives for this shit! What, Tom Hanks isn't? Guys, tweet at Tom Hanks to come play with us. That'd be hilarious. I'd like to like-- Amy Poehler, I'd like to have one of those. I'd love her, Tina, Tina Fey. I don't think he's ready for this jelly. You guys think he's ready for this jelly? I don't think so. Reacting. Can we get a jib? I like crane shots. Put it on the wishlist. Somebody asked a fun one, they asked if we play, what's our favorite video game? Is it? Well we can skip it. Oh shit. I was just saying. I'm a big Final Fantasy fan. I like all kinds of games. I definitely would say if I had to pick one RPG, cause I'm an RPG guy, I love Chrono Cross, that'd be my favorite game. I've played that more than I have Chrono Trigger, which is way too many times. Type-0 also, dammit. That's a cool question. If you had to switch characters Matt, if you had to switch characters, which one would you be? Yeah, if you would switch characters. I'd definitely be Grog. Just the complete opposite of what I can do. For the Horde. He hasn't died, it's amazing, this thing has not died. He should have died so many times. It's good to change her, as a character. I was gonna say that was a good one. My favorite kill is actually-- When Pike kicked the bucket, and that moment all of us realized what happened, and there was an instant shift in real emotion, where whatever the hell, I don't even remember who we were fighting, because I went like, fucking cast this, and everyone's just, kill this thing, because we all cared so much in a real life situation, where we hated this thing, with real emotion, and we just slaughtered it. The fight ended there. Him and Tom Hanks. Tiberius and Keyleth were not happy. With credit to Sam as well, which was voted down was also the Brotherhood of the Sisterhood. Which I was a huge fan of. I really wanted it to be the Brotherhood of the Sisterhood. But Vox Machina sounded cooler. So Tiberius recognizes as the Vox Machina/Brotherhood of the Sisterhood. Wait, does cathartic mean sad? I'd say for me it was doing Type-0. Not so much the actual lines, 'cause I had a lot of fun. I don't know if that's cathartic, but. Completing an actual real life dream goal. I've said this a couple times before, but the last day I was recording the last stuff, I was literally crying on the way home, because I finally got to level myself up. And this thing kept it up, and it was really cool. Yeah, it's one of those big-- How do you keep players from getting OP, Matt? Behind the scenes, I'm always constantly up his ass, trying to make Tiberius as OP as possible, and he's always stopping me a lot. Oh, when he started hoarding all the gold? I would live in the... Next Generation world, universe. See, and it's a big hassle. Yeah. Somebody, seagullblaster-- Asked-- Tiberius said something about the Palestone, and what it is, and this is, somebody asked a different question, this is kinda gonna answer both. I, and everybody else, wrote backstories for Matthew to essentially give him so he could construct our universe. Tiberius' particular quest is looking for particular artifacts. Essentially I made him like Mulder. Nobody believes in the city that these things exist, except him, so the truth is out there kinda thing. So I made up these five different artifacts that do different things. And I don't know what they do until I might maybe find them, and if I do, it's up to him, to Matt, to determine what they are, if they are anything. They might be nothing, I don't know. I've found one item so far, and it's awesome, and all of us have given him bits and pieces, and that's how he constructs our story with things that you throw in yourself. Was that the fancy-- Obviously some butthole. Which one? Is it the final boss? That was insane. When the mud on the face, and the stab in the fucking back of the head. I won't. The old fellow, right? Oh, that was a crazy one too. I had this amazing spell with Pathfinder called Aquasphere, orb, and you can like, capture large creatures. I literally can waterbend a sphere and carry this dude and drop them down, it was amazing, I miss it so much. Continue the story. I did it again and held that fucker, it was intense. With all the eyes? I have not, but I would like to go. And yes, we did roll for our starting stats. That's not D&D? Is MTG, Magic the Gathering a tabletop? Is that considered tabletop? Magic. I'm Circle of Orboros. So do I! Tiberius might not-- Tiberius jumped out the window and just cast Featherfall. That's for a magic item? No. I would love to do that. I'll be there Saturday.