Hi! I am Orion Acaba. And I play Tiberius Stormwind, the dragonborn sorcerer. Level nine. Super badass. Oh my god. Oh, hey, he made the introductions, folks. Oh, yeah. On a more radder note, Final Fantasy Type-0-- you should play-- is out also. I play Nine. In that. And Matthew Mercer plays Trey in it as well. Seven does maybe eat nine. Who knows? Who knows, but it's definitely a different take on any Final Fantasy you've ever played. And as a fan, I'm excited, so check it out, too. Every Tuesday. Three nights. Check it out. It's clear that when that brain thing hit Grog with his zapper thing, that it rendered him unconscious. I would assume that it is a magical creature, just based on the attack alone. Quite right. You have something, don't you? How many entrances-- How many ways or edges where we are? Because it's like at the center, anyway-- Whoa! Where's it coming? Chat room! (laughs) Oh. I'm using my Mage Hand to poke her in the face. Ah, is he a farmer? Oh. The Carvers! I poke her more! (all laugh) How many cavern entrances are there from where we're camping? Right. Ooh. An artifact we can bring back to-- I like trying things. 24. Yes, I-- Wonderful, this is. Wonderful. Magic Missiles, of course. This one has seven charges. While holding it, you, you can use an action to expend one or more of its charges to cast the Magic Missile spell from it. For one charge, you cast the first-level version of the spell. You can increase the spell slot by one for each level by each additional charge you expend. The wand regains 1d6 + 1 expended charges daily at dawn. If you expend the wand's last charge, roll a d20. On a one, the wand crumples into ashes and then-- Would anybody like to tinker? I mean, I learned this when I was 12. (all laugh) Oh, I'll hold onto it-- Yes. We miss you! Oh, all right. I'll roll for the-- I'm gonna do an intelligence, right? 20. Well, 18 plus two. What's that? Oh, it looks like this! Oh, interesting. I tell everybody that. Well, that I'm with. It seems it's a protective symbol of sorts, but it's of Bahamut, which is a good thing. Bahamut is the essentially nicer deity of the two between him and Tiamat, which is a total asshole, but-- Right. So she must have camped here, put this symbol up for protection. Oh dear. No, I don't think-- I think we should alert the others. How far are we from everybody? We're just like-- Oh. Rumbling is never a good thing, Scanlan. Just the campfire. Oh, it stopped. I do Prestidigitation and wake everybody up-- -- with a little spritz of water in the face. Everybody get up! Yeah. Because it's-- I do it again, and clean everybody up. Sorry. sorry! It's off. I-- Oh, awesome. There was a rumble. Okay, we need to get Grog, the others, and-- I was just about to do that! Yes! But everybody hates when I do that. Wonderful tune. Give it to her. Did you want my hand or the statue? Statue. Ooh, Vex! You should plant one on him. Didn't you get advantage on that? Yeah! Why are you all cheering? Why did you run out and destroy nothing? Look what you did. You were giving me crap about the lightning. Don't ever do that again. It was a group effort really, but Keyleth did an amazing job. Yes! I saunter over to Keyleth. That was mighty impressive. That was amazing. What's happening? Oh yes, of course, we'll be right there. You have one. He has one. She has one. They're like walkie-talkies. I think it's like 500 feet. Ooh, brain suckers. I sauntered up 'cause-- You guys are sticking to the darkness? We do. I'm assuming it's got to be a much smaller, mutated version of our brain-on-legs friend. Yeah. That's true. That was a symbol of Bahamut, and it was a protection thing that I'm sure she put up to protect herself. It was, yes. It's okay, Vax. I don't know what a lot of people are talking about all of the time. And we know what we're going into. I could make a mirror. With like an ice-type of thing-- It's fine. I cast Prestidigitation and clean it all up. Nice. 20. It makes them smarter in the head. Oh, no! It's true! As we start to walk, I cast Stoneskin on myself. (sings) Keep on keeping on. Is that what we're going to do? 11. Scanlan, what's going on? It sounds like it would be a mind flayer, of sorts. A mind flayer or mind slayer, I'm not too sure. I'm pretty sure it flays your mind. I'm never encountered one myself, so I have no idea, really. Oh, right, let me check my books. 14. It says right here, mind flayer. The rest is all inked up. I got water on it. (all laugh) Percy, could you take a look at this? Oh Grog, I heard that, where they used 300 puppets! It's amazing! Wait a minute. We want to bait them, is that what we're trying to do? How long is the bridge? True. I think I might have a solution. I think it's about time I used these. For non-combat things. I think we should create a diversion, but let me do it. I can use my deck of illusions to generate any kind of number of sorts of creatures or whatever that I can control. I can simply toss one out, I believe 50 feet ahead of me, and control it and get their attention. I can draw them back through the bridge, using the illusions, taunting them along the way. They, of course, will give chase, because they are (chuckles) idiots. And, as soon as we get enough, we can all-- you can hack away at the bridge all you like, Grog. We could both burn it, we could hack and burn. Well, that's all up to the deck. It's up to the deck. If I generate something such as-- as exquisite as a red dragon, say, I'm sure somebody like the mindfellows-- If they do flee, the camp will be empty and we can search it and free the slaves. If not, they will give chase and they will come and bait it. Either way, it works in our favor. I do have Feather Fall. Oh, don't worry about that, Grog. I'll just cast Fly on you, because I can fly. Yes. We can both fly. Of course, the bear. We have ways across. I just said, the path would be clear. It's all up to the deck. Exactly. Either way, they're coming for us. I mean, did you see a way to do that? We can try both. Oh! It's an illusion that I control. I'll throw the illusion on the fake lands. Run off the bridge-- Vox Machina. (all laugh) As he runs off I cast Greater Invisibility on myself. I cast Fly on myself and I hover. Fuck! I'll cast Fly, then. Yes. And I'm at enough edge to where her illusions are, as well. But over the bridge just in case I fall. As he does that I toss out three cards. Right at the rim of where the illusion stops. Yes. Ah, the ace of spades-- two of spades, it changed, dammit. Looking at Pathfinder right now. (all laugh) Flip them over, they have good graphics on the cover. Oh. It must be a joker. Uh, no, they exist until I dispel them. Yes, they do. I command the lich to start doing one of his glowy spells, and, like, through him, I go (whispers) Come for us, your death awaits. (all laugh) I command the soldier to start swinging his sword. Oh. Total. He lunges at the lich? Sweet! And I'm like-- Yes, yeah, he's like right at the edge. I can't throw my card on the fake ground. They'd fall. They're right at the edge, though. I command the-- I start-- as that's happening, I start to pull back and float away and I'm commanding all of my guys to come through the bridge. Because I can command them within 30 feet. So they're now, they're all within 30 feet of me, retreating as well. (gunshot) Yes! Oh! Oh bother! Shoo! I go get him! Is he conscious? Very good. I go just to touch him, I am not trying to pull him up. He is falling. Fly! Now fly, damn it. Wait, you're unconscious? I ask right now, is he-- He is, okay. Then I don't do that, because you can't fly yourself, so I do grab him, this time. Oh my god. 12. It's a 21. I slap him with Mage Hand. Snap out of it! Not from that distance, I don't think. His sniper rifle goes far. I mean, seriously. Yes, how many are left after all that? Let's take a short rest. While we're figuring this out. Wait, hold on a second-- Is it still-- it's just at the end of the-- all the way down there? So I fly down there-- -- and go get it! It's still in effect! Ooh. You're right. I take out an empty bottle while I do this. And you don't know this yet. Waterfall. Ah! I retrieve the magic carpet. Ah, here you are. By the way, cool stuff down there. It's actually not lava, it's water! Aha. Believe it or not. It's about 150 feet from the bridge, but it's about 1000 feet down all the way. We could traverse down, somehow, and I think it would be a nice place to go explore. Especially because we have nothing else to do, and-- Oh, that's right. Well, I'm still flying, you can take-- Percy, would you like to come? Well, I-- whoever's going down should be on the carpet, 'cause I can still fly. So, I don't need it. I think we should-- Oh! Oh, that's awesome. Waterfall. Not a lava fall. We can also go in the not-lava cave, Keyleth. I know. Because of the lava. Let's go tell the others what we've found, and then we'll come back and decide which way to go. I fly back up. Guys. Blah-blah-blah-blah. In the water? But across the way is a 25-man battle with a huge, nasty boss. Not with the eye of that mind flayer. I don't trust it. So its range is probably like 100 feet. There's more like tunnels, that go further-- There's, so, down there, there's a big pool of water-- -- a tunnel going towards the mind flayer side, with no lava-- -- and then there's another cave with lava-- -- that we can go, going away from him. A Draconian does not vote. Well, I don't vote. I don't believe in our system. Anyway, that's none of your business. I don't know what that means! Throw a red one! Throw a red one. That was gonna go right in my mouth! I follow. I follow. I follow. Hold on. I fly back up to tell them what's going on. You guys are just in further then? Oh. I take the carpet-- -- and then I bring it up, while I tell them all that stuff. Oh yes, because they need it to get down here as well. I was-- Yeah and I followed you, saw what was going on, took your carpet, and I'm giving it back to them. Oh, I thought you guys hopped off. It was terrible. I fly back down. Yes! Mm, yes? I'll be right there, I was trying to get the rest of the party here, but everyone's being buttholes. I fly back down with the carpet. Hello? Oh, did you make a friend? Wonderful! Yes, I'm a sorcerer! I do all kinds of fun things with the arcane! Very good, I'm always willing to learn. Seems you are very powerful. The rest of our allies are up. Ah yes, we have wonderful allies! I'm standing between them, like, it's okay! These are the allies we speak of! Grog, don't do anything! Don't use a whip, Scanlan, sing a friendly song as he is our friend-- ally. To the guy. Ally. He is-- He's in a little spot of trouble and we are going to help him get revenge, or something of the sort. He prefers-- Oh? I rolled 14. 14.