Yeah. Think you're smart, huh? Think you're smart? They didn't even ask us. Yeah. No! Doing a little Marisha Ray up in there. Nice! Is there anything else? And my comedy troupe, i8athumbtack on YouTube, we just put out a video called "Helping the Homeless!" You should check it out. There's this douchebag called fouseyTUBE that we were parodying, and we think it's funny. But yeah, that just came out a couple days ago. I actually-- I actually like this idea, Scanlan. And I had already taken off. So I'm already headed there. Actually, you know what? No, I'm fine, I'll just roll. 16. (whispering) I don't know. I heard you-- I was going to distract them, too. I see what's going on and I rub my ring and I go invisible. Greater Invisibility. Matt, I'd like to move to the other side. I'm going to do the earring and go to Scanlan and be like, "Keep it simple, will you? I "mean, really, calm down." Bear and Vex. (fumbling) Can I do something right before that? Okay. That's way better than a two. 21. Great. I peek over the little thing, and I go, "Ooh!" and I throw a fireball from my ring. Oh, right in the juicy spot of those three. Yeah. (mumbling numbers) I'm missing d6s. Wonderful. (mumbles) That's... 31 damage. And then I spend two sorcerer points to (crackling sound effect) form an ice knife. Why? I said the juicy spot of those three! I knew Grog was there. Of course I wouldn't throw it there. Okay, fine. (all laugh) Yeah, but... I thought-- I don't know. And I throw that, right in the back of Queeny's head. 19. Sweet. And then that's 1d10. So that's a ten. And then... it (exploding sound effect) shatters, and then does-- where the fuck is it-- 2d6 damage as well. In a five-foot radius. So yeah... And that guy's like right next to her, right? 31. Cool, and that's four points of damage to both of them. And I have Greater Invisibility, so I'm still invisible and I just peek back behind the rock. Oh yeah, baby! You know you can cast that from a distance? Is it? Oh! I see it, I cast Counterspell! (fwoosh) What is that? 22. I'm going to slink my way all the way behind the other rock. Towards everybody, closer. Yeah, back, there you go. I'm going to... Yeah, screw it, I'll do another Fireball at the illithid going away. Where do you think you're going? (fwoosh) Yeah, so that's-- 19. Yep. Oh, crap, I forgot about that one. And I'll move on the other side of that rock so I can see better and have line of sight. No, on that side, yeah. Wait, can I do something? Can we react to this? I see it and I cast Hold Person. What is all this poppycock?! Not me! You're pretty good. (all laugh) (stammers) Can you be more specific? Like, do we go left, or right, or... specific. I want to check out the queen. I rolled an 18 for arcana, and you know I wanted to check for-- I place the circlet on my head. LAURA AND (stammering) I thought that was a... And for Ioun Stones I can have up to three in the head slot? Okay. Then for the time being, I take off the Ioun Stone and I (fzzt) dissipate it and... put it on. This essentially allows me to-- (stammering) Anyone who wears it can maintain two concentration spells for two rounds. It's 824. Well, none of those people are us. It's really nice. I dissipate invisible, and I approach Keyleth. "Your Highness. By the honor of all "Stormwinds, I will let nothing happen to you. I swear it. I will fight until my death, and I have "ways, of course, to get us all out of here whenever I damn well please. Do not worry." Oh, do you need light? (fwoosh) Before we go to sleep, I cast a bunch of spells in stuff. Greetings and salutations. I am Tiberius Stormwind. I hail from a town called Ty'rex, located in the heart of Draconia. From a politically respected family, at the age of 15, I succeeded in passing the Sorcerer's Rite, showing prodigy-like control of my magic. The judges and the Draconian high council were amazed at how powerful my spells were for how long I had been training. At 20 years old, I was the youngest appointed member of the magic guild in Draconian history. For the next few years, I almost went mad from the malaise of being a guild member, as it's rather boring. However, one day I happened upon a chamber, unused for quite some time. In the room were stacks of books and maps of the surrounding cities and areas around the known world. For months, I would frequent the chamber, and learned of artifacts from legend. After a long period of research, I made a list of artifacts that caught my eye. I brought these findings to the high council and was told that all of the information in the chamber I had stumbled upon was either believed to be fiction, or unsolvable mysteries, and hence were lost forever. I found those answers to be unacceptable. A year later, I devised a ruse and managed to convince the city council to lend support in me leaving Draconia on a mission of peace and diplomacy for the surrounding kingdoms, going from town to town and making friends and allies, in and for the name of Draconia. Being a red dragonborn, I had quite the task on my hands in that respect, but it was exactly what I needed so I could explore the world and find these artifacts, as I felt the truth was out there. Some may describe me as buffoonish, but I say poppycock to all that. I am much sharper than most give me credit for. I just don't pay attention to things sometimes. I've also been known to be rather cunning, loyal, happy-go-lucky, and well, dangerous. I can't help but show my true scales every now and then. But overall, I think I'm quite friendly for a dragonborn! Well, yes, it makes perfect sense, Clarota. I would think they would grant you a hero's welcome, as well. I follow behind them and call out to him, "Are you using Levitation, or what? How are you-- "is this how you--" Oh, okay. I still follow Clarota. I'm like, "So is it-- do you do it with your mind, or is it just "like-- were you all taught as a child to be able to levitate, because it seems--" Good to know. Understood. Stick figure! (all laugh) Am I mistaken? You're really damaged still? So, the scars are...? As I notice, I go, "Anybody with (mumbling) knowledge of medicine should give a whack at "cleaning some of those." No, Grog, that defeats the purpose. Agreed. "Hm? Oh, ooh, yes! They're pretty." I take out one of my daggers-- yes, I do have daggers-- and (clicking noise) I'm going to chip away a couple of chunks. Oh, yeah, okay. (mumbling) 14. Cool. Sweet. Oh! I use my Mage Hand and I push it, too. Everywhere is dangerous. Yeah, sure. You want to shoot an arrow for me, love? I thought we were all following. Half-orc. I'm going to do an arcana check of 22. Just on the pile of bodies. Nice. Yes. This is what we need. And that's what this is. Let me take it and do-- I'll use that arcana check on that. I think this will do for our friend back up on the surface. Or under surface. (mumbling) This protective amulet of the shield ... adding plus five to your AC against that attack. Nice. It's like a magic shield. Well, I'm the only glass cannon. 14. I'm going to follow and I'll stay behind enough to where I can cast? Do I have to get in the water also? Okay, I'll get a little-- I won't jump in quite yet, but I'll get to the edge. That's a medical condition for a goliath. We could just keep going. Where are we on that map? What type of boat is this? "Is that all we need to do? Okay, fine." And I walk over to the thing and I jaunt off into the water. "Oh, it's so cold." I take out one of my bottles right before I go under. My bottle of air. I swim over there. I use my tail. I think I'm a good swimmer. And I want to swim up to where I can see the boat. Oh, okay. Is it darkened? Can I see the boat now? Yes. I still have my staff. How large is it? Okay, so I notice it. You're nudging the one that you want, right? Is that's what's going on? So I notice that. I (ping) my Ioun Stone, direct Telekinesis to lift up the boat out. And I cast Telekinesis on the boat to lift it up. I try to get it just right on the lip. I'm underwater. I'm going to jaunt back up, up to the surface. I put my bottle away. "I don't know. It's a good question. I mean, I don't see why not." Percy, why don't you give it a whack before we put a boat on the Mending Wheel. Oh, yes, here you are. Why don't you tinker it first. My spell doesn't last that long. I saunter on the boat up next to Grog and go, "Excuse me." As I open the bag of holding and take out the magic carpet (sound of carpet unfurling), and I hop on that. I'd rather be a free agent on this one. I'm not here to fight on water. Are we all agreeing that, have we all decided to come here or here? Coming in through here, which is the least resistance. Directly to the temple. Yes! Absolutely. 13. Oh, we are on the carpet. I'm going to use my earring of whisper right now. "There's some fun things in "here. Grog, you're not wearing it. Someone tell Grog he might need to kill something." Where are the bodies located? Sharks don't die as soon as they get out of the water. You can last a couple minutes out of the water if you're a fish. What's up, Zac? And good entertainment, good entertainment. Much like Scanlan's penis. You should check out Warmachine. Tag us, tag Wizards of the Coast, say what's up. Nice! I would like to say, everybody who tweets at us and all that stuff, we love it and appreciate it. It makes me smile everyday too, so thank you guys.