Yeah, crazed Mercer! Matt Abernathy! Did I say it right? It's Taurez. Thank you, Prometheus. Yes, thank you Prometheus. Are you in a Broadway play? Are you seeing Grease? Is that what's going on? Hello, Percy. An airplane? Oh my god. I could stand to wear it. I have no torso armor. Cloth and leather. I mean, I just... I can wear no armor. I have this thing that somebody can use. This would bring his-- with that and the ring, if you wore this and the ring, it would give you plus three to your AC. So that's not a bad combo. Because this will give you plus one to your AC. So who's going to take the ring? That would bring you to 17. Yes. Yes. And also, Scanlan-- and I bring out the Ioun Stone. Like I was saying before, you ran out of-- you kept running out of spells. This allows you to store extra spells. I propose a friendly trade for the crown-- circlet-- hat? Whatever you're wearing. Is it a circlet? Yes. I think it would benefit you to have the ring, some sort of spell storing, which you've complained about running out of spells the last few times we've fought. You know how I keep casting? I keep hucking spells because I keep casting them out of my Ioun Stone. You ran out of spells the last two battles, and you said that "I can't cast this anymore", where you've-- Or you can cast, like, three of those, or three of those. Things that you would use for other deals. I would like that very, very much. I had to. No, I-- no. I was going to say you didn't turn me back into a mouse. To be fair, gnome, I never abandoned the party at all. I was surveying the situation. My idea was not tried whatsoever. So I merely kept to my word. I did not enter the premises. Only when I needed to save everyone's life, which is exactly what I did. It's too big, you're saying you can't wear it? That's not Clarota's thing, that's a different thing, right? And we still have that. Like a bank shot. I'm going too. No, you still have it. Wait! I have a two part question, Gilmore! I am! Oh. Everything's private, I guess. (laughter) 1,750? Oh. That's good to know. Hmm. Yes. No, the Ring of Protection that I have is one measure. I wanted it by another measure. I don't know how to phrase this in RP. So. I wanted it to be-- to have-- Oh, very good. I would like to arrange that. Man. (quietly) That is insane. We didn't buy it for that much, did we? I'll chill for now. I will. Wait-- Okay. Where? There's two days to hang out. I have an Earring of the Wind that I made that I have not enchanted yet. Can I enchant that in two days to make another one? There is the existing functional one, but over the time since I gave them out I only had time to make one extra one, but I have to enchant them also. Ooh, can I start it and then if we leave I can have one of the helpers-- Oh, okay, well. Cool then. I'll start that, yeah. I'll start doing the one that I made. That's what we've got to do. I'm going to miss that bit. I'm still enchanting. Dude. You've got to check your balanced dice, man. Can we stop at-- is Allura, is she here or not? And do we-- does she have helpers there, when we were there, do you remember? It was just herself? Okay. No. It doesn't work like that. I can bamf us back here when we're done. How much does Trinket weigh again? Like 600 pounds? He's not over a thousand pounds though. Is it 800 pounds? He's 800 pounds, so. I can fastball special him. Or a mace. That's also bludgeoning. Nope. No. She has no interest in me. I'm sure Lady Kima can satisfy any needs she has. We can stop by there, okay. I only have a question. We were about to depart on another adventure and whatnot, and I was working on an enchantment on this particular-- I'll show her what it is. It's an enchantment that's easily, you know, finished enough. I was wondering if in our absence, in your spare time you could probably put some time into finishing the enchantment whilst we're away. Oh! Just waiting there as well. Thank you so much, Allura. It is-- (sputtering) Well. Okay. I'll bid you farewell. And I'll do Prestidigitation (pfft)-- a local flower, I'll give to her. For your trouble. You're welcome. Who knew? Do you like me, yes, no, maybe. Hello. That is not true. I am Tiberius Stormwind, hello, nice to meet you. Oh, yeah. I'll hold the thing up? Oh! Okay. Hold on a second. We're putting this in the container, right? I put it inside the Bag of Holding real quick. Yes. I'm going to take off a tiny piece of one of my tickets of Telescription, and I'm going to enchant it and I want to attempt to do an enchantment spell where-- I want to put it at the bottom of where I'm going to-- -- the box, and if it's, if any weight is lifted from it, I'll know. Like, if there's the old switcheroo somehow-- Oh man. Because I would've used the troll dick instead. Okay. It's a tiny piece of paper. But fine, if I can't do it then, I just wanted to say. I put it in there. Not yet. It's okay. So I put it in the thing. Kima, I'm wondering, who do we speak to? Who flies the ship? If we could, maybe we should ask if they could stop at Kraghammer for a second, we could drop in and get our money really quick. You know, yeah, we can use the airship later on for stuff. Which is cool. We have an airship. Air and ships. That's true. As they're doing this, I want to go to the opposite end so I can get like-- because this is beautiful, and I want to hold out my staff and I-- And I'm going to cast Image Capture-- Yes. It is in Draconia. Getting all of them and the airship while they're doing it. And the airship is in it too. Look, everyone. (laughs) I can totally do it. Winches. Greetings and salutations. I am Tiberius Stormwind. I hail from a town called Ty'rex, located in the heart of Draconia. From a politically respected family, at the age of 15, I succeeded in passing the Sorcerer's Rite, showing prodigy-like control of my magic. The judges and the Draconian high council were amazed at how powerful my spells were for how long I had been training. At 20 years old, I was the youngest appointed member of the magic guild in Draconian history. For the next few years, I almost went mad from the malaise of being a guild member, as it's rather boring. However, one day I happened upon a chamber, unused for quite some time. In the room were stacks of books and maps of the surrounding cities and areas around the known world. For months, I would frequent the chamber, and learned of artifacts from legend. After a long period of research, I made a list of artifacts that caught my eye. I brought these findings to the high council and was told that all of the information in the chamber I had stumbled upon was either believed to be fiction, or unsolvable mysteries, and hence were lost forever. I found those answers to be unacceptable. A year later, I devised a ruse and managed to convince the city council to lend support in me leaving Draconia on a mission of peace and diplomacy for the surrounding kingdoms, going from town to town and making friends and allies, in and for the name of Draconia. Being a red dragonborn, I had quite the task on my hands in that respect, but it was exactly what I needed so I could explore the world and find these artifacts, as I felt the truth was out there. Some may describe me as buffoonish, but I say poppycock to all that. I am much sharper than most give me credit for. I just don't pay attention to things sometimes. I've also been known to be rather cunning, loyal, happy-go-lucky, and well, dangerous. I can't help but show my true scales every now and then. But overall, I think I'm quite friendly for a dragonborn! Can we do it like it's from 1993? Are they out now? Oh, cool! How many days away are we now? How many can you make? I can spend the days crafting and then wouldn't I just need whatever gold that would be? Yeah, because the enchantment's-- that's over there. I'm just not doing anything else. Yeah, airship. Oh, I still have mine. I can give you 400. I rush up to the bow. I don't think I'm associated with these. There's a big large one, right though? I cast Blur before any of that shit. I didn't get to say what I wanted to do. 19. What color are the dragons? Yes. Okay, I'm going to move over here. I'm still in range of that guy, right? Good. I'm going to use Telekinesis to lift the rider off and chuck him off. So that's-- no, but it's still okay. That's 16 plus my this thing, that's 19? And I turn to the wyvern and I go, (speaking Draconic) and I, in dragon-speak or Draconic, whatever, I say-- Fight with me or be free. Or. He can, meaning-- Right. Nope. Like eight, yeah. No, I had advantage. Wait, what? MARISHA and How is that possible? Okay. Sorry. No, it's birds. Birds hate lightning. Shoot his wing off! Yay, Trinket. So that thing went to go save his dude. I turn to him, super annoyed, and I go, (speaking Draconian) and I use Telekinesis and I rip off his wing. The wyvern. Oh, crap. I don't do any of that stuff. Just pluck it. This is annoying you. What's going on? Who's this dude over here? And this is the elven-- Okay. Oh. Let's see. How many between the two... how many-- what's the distance between-- what's this thing right here? Oh. That's fun. Okay. I'm going to use my movement to get around over here-- because that's all 60 feet, right? Ah, cool. Well then, I'll use-- screw it, I'll use Telekinesis to pick up that elf and huck it right into the ballista. Ooh, natural 20. (cheering) Yeah. MARISHA AND I still do that. I lift him up and do that instead. Cool, that's my turn. It's fine. Yay, rage! Nope. Hit it! Okay. I take my staff-- -- push myself up. I'll-- I don't know, guys, I don't-- Get rid of the wyvern? Okay. I'm going to-- first I'll do Telekinesis again to attempt to do what I did the first time. Nothing fancy because whatever, and I'll try and rip off the wyvern's wings again from his body. Or one of them, if it's easier. That is 22. That'll be nine, ten. Yeah. Ten. And I see that and I turn to Vax and I go, I like what you were doing earlier. And I spend five sorcerer points, I cast Telekinesis again, and I take out eight of the daggers that are in my pouch and I hover them around me and then I start (stabbing noises) towards the wyvern where I see all the bone shit is. And I'm hucking my-- back and forth, bringing them back and forth. Oh, I don't? It's just going? Oh, well then. Fucking that's what's going on, and I spend five to do it again. Because can I do that all in one action? Do that and then with the daggers? That's okay, so I did it right. Yeah, so. Got it. Yeah, and I'm pulling them back and forth through that tear in the wing which I just caused. Four times? So my attack modifier is, the spell attack bonus, is that what I want? That's 23, 24, 25, 26. And that's-- what is that? Yeah, and then 18 plus-- That's 30, 31, 32. Because I get plus three on all attacks because of the gear I'm wearing also. And then seven plus that is 18, 21, and then that is 15, 17, 18. So my spell attack bonus is 11. Plus three because of all the gear I have on. On top of those. That goes to my spell attack bonus. Which is what this is, right? So how do I have-- oh! I'm sorry. I'm counting this in. So minus one from all those totals. That's-- three, 13, eight? Eight? Okay, yeah, 28. As I see this, I'm going to just hover all the daggers over the prone dude and right over his face to keep him there. That's an eight. That's d10. Yes! That's ten! Your armor class is 17. Your armor class is 17. Yeah, he's had a plus two and the armor, plus three to his AC, which was 14, so that's 17. Shoot that load, Percy. Damn it, I wasn't-- As he says that, I hover the daggers. If you wish to live, answer our giant friend who asked you a rather polite question. Are we in agreement, we are saving this one? I cast Prestidigitation on the little halfling and clean her up real quick. I was mainly working on the smell. A proper bath will be better, but--