Can I get a teaser? What did he smell like? Fun fact Sam shares a birthday with my mom. That's why I'll never forget your birthday, ever. They can vote for you? It's a new day. I didn't waste it at all. He's in the kitchen? How far away are we from the keep? We do hear that. As soon as I hear that, I cast Fly on myself and (whoosh). By the way, for the record, Matthew, I have no idea what we're fighting. I'm just saying, I haven't meta-gamed here. 15. Your cape is looking really nice, Vax. Stab him! Hey, what do they look like? How far can I get? 60 feet. Was it 40? I thought it was 60. It was double the-- shit, hold on. I have a card-- 60 feet. I'm going to attempt something I haven't actually tried before. Because there's one to my right and one to my left, right? Do I have visual of both wraiths? Okay, sorry. I call them wraiths. Okay, so. I'm going to cast at-- I'm going to try to do this about now. I'm going to look to my right and my left and at 6th-level I'm going to try to do Glacial Blast and split the damage and try to hit both of them. Because it does 8d8 damage-- I'm trying to split my arc. So instead of doing this, I'm trying to-- (ice sounds) At sixth level, it's 8d8 damage. 17. Cool. Right hand does-- oh, sweet. Sorry, my bad. Right hand-- that's 14 to my right, and then 18 to my left. So 14 to my right, 18 to my left. The one that doesn't save gets (freezing sound). So I see a big flash? And what do I roll? Seven. Okay, so as soon as I see the flash, I go, (yelps). That's all I do. (laughter) I rush over to Desmond, and out of my pouch I bring out a sandwich that I had made earlier. I hand it to him and I go, Desmond, decker. Here, have it. It's a decker sandwich. You should have it. It's safe. How's that sandwich? I would say opaque buttholes. I rolled one by accident. A hard 12. Give me a day, I will find out. Seems like we're up against either vampires or liches. Prepare the troops. There will be some changes made to the keep over the next couple of days. We shall shore up security, as well. Of course. We shall discuss that in the-- is it the morning? It's good, right? I had one yesterday. No. You should stay in the guest room. Come. Yes, it is. Let's take you upstairs and get you all fitted... Who do we talk to that works for us that does the actual construction to the keep? He shall stay in my quarters. Don't worry, we can enchant his room, as well, to have an alert thing go on if anything happens in the room at night, and it would be safer. I shall be sleeping in my laboratory for the next several nights, as well. Speak for yourself. Erwen! Where is that old man? Oh. Shit. Never mind, I'll talk to you once we've slept. Go back to sleep. I didn't realize what time it was! I thought it was 1000 AM, which is totally different than 600 AM. I didn't know that. I sleep in my little nook in my laboratory. I'm going to take some food and feed it to Lockheed and roll for my animal handling for the day. 16! Oh, very well. Try this hakuna frittata. It's really good! Yes. They did. Me. It was rather inconvenient. I hate them. Sorry. I mean, what? Yes. I was getting it back. What about drawing him out to a luncheon or whatnot? Why don't we hold a special dinner? When do you plan on leaving? We can leave, we just cannot flee. We can travel as we see fit. We just need to let them know where we're going. Seeker, would you mind staying for a week or so before your venture? We need time to convince the council to let us leave without conflict and to procure particular items and things that we need. Very briefly. Would just take some time. Ultimately, protection or a good ear. What of eight days instead of two weeks? Oh, sorry. I agree. We need proper preparation. Percy, I'm pretty sure you have a good background on vampires and what-have-you, as do I, as I've researched them in the last couple of days. There's other things that we should research, as well, and probably arm ourselves for that kind of conflict, if it comes to it. Quite frankly, I have a feeling if it's the whole town we're dealing with, we need to find out how many innocents there are to save, and if the number is low enough, we can fly in with an army ourselves, which would take some time. The Draconian Knights. I am an ambassador to Draconia, officially, after all the assistance I've sent, in giving them the Wheel of Mending, and proving my point. No, I showed it to them, proving that my quest was true, which they gave me full ambassadorship, which means that, if harm comes to a Stormwind, harm comes to all of Draconia. And a town full of vampires and liches-- If worse comes to worst. Even then, our relations must be strong with Emon. We need their allyship, as well. Draconia will not go into things alone. We need a union. I go up to Jarett. Eight days. What do you think of eight days? As Vex is saying this, Tiberius is getting a half-chub. TRAVIS and You can't see it because it's inside. I'm just saying. Sorry. Her brain. That's what I'm talking about. (ripping noises) I'll give him two strips of Scroll of Telescription. If any harm falls upon you, write on this. I explain what it does. I have 30 tickets left, so 28 now. Can you give the Seeker an inspiration before he goes on an adventure? But a lot more eloquently than that. Only with Greater Invisibility, you can. There are a number of innocents that we need to figure out, still. She attacked us! And I will not back down from that decision. How many days do we have? I would like eight days to prepare. Tiberius puts his hand on Percy's shoulder, and go, I'm sorry for the tragedy which is your family, and what these Briarwoods have befallen to them, and I will promise you, I will do my best to have you give that final blow from that barrel to the names assigned to them. But now it is a far dangerous situation, as you very well know. I go to my laboratory. Use the earring real quick. I'm going to write a quick letter. If anybody goes shopping, let me know. Wait, hold on, can I pause real quick? You don't need to do this if you want to make more ammo and other stuff. I can do this without you making this and spending the rest of the time, if you want to make other stuff. Option. What is the diameter of this? I was just going to say, what's the radius of the actual thing's lens? So it's only one foot? Two feet? Three feet? Are you sure you want to do that? I thought they were all mirrors. (grunting) Let's see. Okay. (clicking noise) You going to Gilmore's? We're going to Gilmore's, too. We could go together if you're doing that. I give him extra. Get me 20. How much do the stakes weigh? Like each stake? Tell him that he bought me 20 more. I only have eight. Just kidding, no. The real quick one is going to the Temple of Sarenrae to pick up a canteen. Gotcha. Okay, cool. Second thing. I drop off my Swallow, or I'll call it the surge blade, and to have that enchanted on both ends. One side fire, the other side water. So however many mages I have to hire for that to happen in ten days, I think we talked about it being eight days or something like that? Or was that only one side? I just want it to be a magical weapon. Okay. So I'll do that. I stop at Gilmore's and I drop off my Ring of Protection. And pay whatever that is to add a plus-one to make it instead of a minor, an actual Ring of Protection. I thought Gilmore said they could do that there, before. That's why I was going to cough up the green for the Gil, as it were. How much would that be? How about buffing the ring of source spelling-- No, not right now. I didn't know all that stuff was going to be that way. That's why I asked. (laughs) So okay. While the days are going, I want to roll for animal handling to teach Lockheed stuff, which is every morning, whatever. Like, with advantage? I'm just having fun. That's fine, that's fine. I'll take that. That's 17. 17. I want to teach him to be quiet. Yes. I got that, that. Throughout the days, I'm going to go all the shops and see how many glass mirrors-- I'm looking for mirrors, just all kinds of mirrors, every size. I'm looking for five-by-five to ten-by-ten size mirrors. Yeah. No, inches. I need about 1,500 of them. Can I get 1,500? How many can I get? Okay. All of them. You know what, that's true. How many, if I laid them out on a flat surface, how many-- (laughs) How many feet would that cover? I'll take all that. How much is that? Done. And then, for timeline stuff, I'm going to do as much as I can to start enchanting my bolts, and I'm going to go work with Keyleth on stuff. I'm going to try to make as many sleep bolts as I can. But the other thing with Keyleth is I would like to enchant a bolt that is a smoke screen, but it consists of holy water. So I use a pour of the day from the canteen and use that as a mist instead of a smoke. Can we infuse a Fog spell with a Sleep spell? Can we try super hard? God damn it. Okay. What am I rolling? 24. Don't worry, it came out of my pocket. Okay. Last thing. I stop at Allura's. I remember that as I walk up, and I go back to Greyskull Keep. Oh wait, I don't do that. I realize what I'm doing, and I stop. You said I could do that. Carrying groceries in, look, guys hoagie stuff! Cool. Can it cost more if I hire a mage? Sweet. And I do two of those. And I'm broke. It's going to be a lot more than you think, apparently. Oh, come on! For a fog scroll? Here, put it in here. You do not make the wisest decisions here your Majesty, I must say. The guy who built stuff, regardless, did I do that or is that just in my head? So I didn't do that yet. I going to tell Erwen to go and ask for court for the lord that can construct and tell him that we would like to make some changes and have the cells converted into barracks for our soldiers. That's what I do. That's what Tiberius does. Getting a good reputation does not mean holding prison cells. Oh, maybe you should have said a different name. That's true. (laughs) At the end of the first day, before all of that stuff happens. Sorry, guys, this is necessary. I'm in my lab the first night and I write a Scroll of Telescription to my father. And I go, dear father, and I tell him about the circumstances with the vampires. At the end of it I go I invoke the ambassador's right of war time as of now, and moreover as your son when I provide concrete evidence, you will know. But in the meantime, I would have you gather 50 ground troops of the Draconian knights and 50 winged soldiers of the wyvern fleet. Have them at the ready for my signal. I know it will take you a few days of travel to get here, but this is a town of vampires and possibly liches, which you know need to be destroyed no matter what. Your son, with love, Tiberius. I don't know what's going on over there. Damn it. Have to provide proof to my fucking father. Fine. He didn't say no, which is what he always says. Which is a lot better than what he always says. I'm talking to myself, Scanlan. How are you doing, Grog? That make you thirsty? What if we went on airship instead? We have one at our disposal, do we not? Is Briarwood keep over there? Well, then join me in my laboratory, everyone. Not yet. I go, hey, look at the laboratory, guys. What do you think? Scanlan, it looks like you're impressed. I use my sigil there. I got it set up there. Even in real time. Always go in the backdoor. Should I go first, everyone? Sure. To make it across? If I cast it on him, I would probably jump on myself, because I'm a little bit heavier than you are, darling. You can have him afterwards. Fine. Proceed. No, I don't. I don't do shit yet. I wait for you guys to get across, so if something happens, then I can cast it. It's fine! I hop on Trinket and I pet Lockheed. And then I hop on Trinket and I cast Fly on him and say, Remember how to go across. And then as we start flying across, I cast Telekinesis on Grog and take him with me. Kind of like Green Lantern. Yeah. That should be 12 seconds to get across a bridge, right? I'm going to dispel the Fly. But I'm going to hold the Telekinesis for the ten minutes I can on Grog. I'm not going to do anything, I'm just going to keep that spell going. How much time has passed? Can I try to catch them because I still have the Telekinesis going? (yelling) Why, Matthew?! I know Vax can't. I grab Vax! Wait, you're grabbing him? You! I can manipulate a thousand pounds. I guide Vax back to the cliff. I rolled a natural one, with negative two. Harpies. A harpy's a jerk, a stupid butthole who's super loud. I lit it with my spitting. I find a little patch of dust and do a little dust bath real quick and then I'm going to use one of my books of stuffs and start researching liches just because I want to. Tobin's Spirit Guide? I'm gonna feed Lockheed some treats. It's so dark in here, because of the cave thing. Oh, they will have lookouts. Whatever it takes to get to that back door. Nine. Oh, 19. I use my Mage Hand to help. Is this the same ravine that we're travelling across? 16. I cast Stoneskin. I fasten my Cloak of Displacement. Well, of course it saw us.