I'm going to wear mine next game. If these were rupees, this is what they would feel like. I want to trade them, put them in a pouch. That’s what I baby do right. Well, I'm fine. Would you calm down? Yes, we are going into the lava tunnel. This feels nice. (murmurs) I was just wondering if it would happen. I feel a bit weaker now. I feel great! Ooh! I do! And I pull out an empty bottle. Oh! Um well, uh. I pull out two bottles. This one - they're both empty bottles - but this one is an air bottle and this one is a water bottle. Oh! This, if we ever need air-- I take it out (wind SFX). I control a small gust. This, if we need water - And I do a small stream. So, if you want to just squirt - and I do a small, little squirt-blasts on Scanlan. Well, of course it is! Why would I carry a non-magical item on me? That's ridiculous. So yes, Scanlan, we're fine. Plus, it’s a really big thing. Yes, but you were never paying attention. You got that new magazine and you’ve been staring at it a long time. Very good. That’s all important. Just making sure. It's the thing that saved our butts last time. You never know, Percy, he does it all the time. We don't know how many times it's saved us. I'll take point on the group that's following. With our proficiency bonus? 15. 15. How far away are we from them? Like, in distance? And they can just pass. (whispering) I already perceived it. These are amazing. Thanks so much. Instajur and mystery guy, thanks! We could! We could. We could scare them off quite easily. I can make funny sounds. Waka waka. (old man voice) There’s doors in them there caves. Wow, Percy! You can change your mind. What?! Oh no. Ladies and gentlemen, this is a huge moment. d20! So grossed out. A busy beaver. I think it might be foul play, actually. That was clever, Grog! That was a good joke. I would agree with that. The magma fortress. Well said, cleric! Yet inviting. 24. You have to use the tongue, Scanlan. (worried laughter) Oh, Scanlan, stop it! Very good, yay! I don't think his name was Dave, Scanlan. Yes. Yes! Yes, that's correct. We used the blood of the creature. I love chicken. It's really scary. Can they see down to where we are? Does it just keep going? We're not with them. Can I just say right now-- --I'm going to be reading this book. Oh my word, this is fascinating! I can't believe how they wrote this. Thunderclap is loud. Thunderwave is different. Thunder makes a noise right? I say, “Ooh, light.” I have your names written down! As she does this, I notice everything, and I sit down. And turn to the next chapter in my book. That’s not what it’s called. Are you done? What? Oh. What's going on? It's right there! What are you talking about? I'm going to do an Arcana check. 22. Vax. Pay attention, the door mechanical, it is not magical. That's how we open it. Grog! I look up and go, “Ooh, It's Monty's cousin.” A hefty slap. I go in the door. Ooh, dank. I am as well, Scanlan. Greetings and salutations. I am Tiberius Stormwind. I hail from a town called Ty'rex, located in the heart of Draconia, born from a politically respected family. At the age of 15, I succeeded in passing the Sorcerer’s Rite, showing prodigy-like control of my magic. The judges and the Draconian high council were amazed at how powerful my spells were for how long I had been training. At 20 years old, I was the youngest appointed member of the magic guild in Draconian history. For the next few years, I almost went mad from the malaise of being a guild member, as it’s rather boring. However, one day I happened upon a chamber, unused for quite some time. In the room were stacks of books and maps of the surrounding cities and areas around the known world. For months I would frequent the chamber, and learned of artifacts from legend. After a long period of research, I made a list of artifacts that caught my eye. I brought these findings to the high council and was told that all of the information in the chamber I had stumbled upon was either believed to be fiction, or unsolvable mysteries, and hence were lost forever. I found those answers to be unacceptable. A year later I devised a ruse and managed to convince the city council to lend support in me leaving Draconia on a mission of peace and diplomacy for the surrounding kingdoms. Going from town to town and making friends and allies, in and for the name of Draconia. Being a red dragonborn, I had quite the task on my hands in that respect, but it was exactly what I needed so I could explore the world and find these artifacts, as I felt the truth was out there. Some may describe me as buffoonish, but I say poppycock to all that. I am much sharper than most give me credit for. I just don’t pay attention to things sometimes. I’ve also been known to be rather cunning, loyal, happy-go-lucky, and well, dangerous. I can’t help but show my true scales every now and then. But overall, I think I’m quite friendly for a Dragonborn. Still alive! We hate doing work. Kuma. As he does this, I'm going to pull out my Ioun stone from my pouch, and let it-- (whirling SFX) Oh! Grog! Prestidigitation, and I (whoosh SFX) make a quick wind-gust-- I blew it away! I could blow it right up your nose, Vax! (fluttering SFX) Oh. I'm sorry. Yes, Percy, I wonder why. I saunter about. (all laugh) As I notice him going up, I'm going to - (click) Vax, what are you doing? Uh, guys, Vax is going to go kill something. I worry. The front? Oh, the front of the front. Not where we're at, right? Brava. I don’t know, but this book, Scanlan, is incredible. It’s all about this, er, an ice thing-- --and these other things. Roll the dice. I’m assuming they’re dead. 16. I go inspect them and see what's going on. I go to the room, I take out my bottle of water.. Where are they coming from? I leave and turn around where Vex and Vax are. As he's going I immediately cast Stone Skin on myself. (cracking SFX) 19. I like where this is going, Vax. Wait, I go over there first and then I say that. (all laugh) Acrobatics, why? Okay. 22. (muttering) Bear! The bear surprisingly smells really nice. I'm going to follow suit as I see what Vax is doing. I'm going to cast Hold Person on the dwarf. What? That's absurd! Oh well, poop. I... I encourage violence. (all laugh) Do it! Do it, Grog! Destroy them! With no regard to any of his existence. Get the body off of you. You're not trying hard enough, damn it! Keyleth, as a cat, you smell less good as Trinket does. Oh. That's disgusting. I can't see him, you can't see him. Just let Grog deal with this butthole. Yeah, or inspiration? Whoever it is, we should help. I'll do an Arcana check on her. See if there's like any kind of magical impurities in her. No! Would you like some water? Would you care for this robe? Grog has something for you. I use my Mage Hand to slowly pick up my bottle of water... (all laugh) Give her something, Grog! Let her use one of your things! Like, you know, give her one of your things, Grog. You'll have a friend in us, that's for sure. Hashtag bury your shame. Oh! Yes. Uh-- I put my Mage Hand in front of her. Wait, wa-wait! Hold on! It- it's fine! Er, this mind flayer is with us! We saved him, or he- he's our ally now; he's fine. No one needs to fight. He, uh, she's fine, he's fine. His name is Clarota. This is Kiva- Kima. We are allies, all, yes? Yes! No, no, no! Listen, listen- No! We have his, er, alliance. There's a greater entity controlling his people, which he has been outcast from, like Vax was saying! (shouting) “Lady Kima!” And I blow fire breath. And I use Control Flames to create a bunch of swords around me with fire. (harshly) I give you my word. Don't act me a fool, and don't treat me like one either! None of us are half-wits as you are claiming. We would not be fooled by such a creature like this. The words he speaks are true. And we believe him. That's terrible. 12. Why you have to be like that? Yeah, they're mostly buttholes, but he's not a butthole! (all laugh) - we had to kill a couple and he actually helped a lot! He won't even do anything! Yes! He said so! And then they'll be buttholes when we leave! Yeah, it's our first time here! I'm sorry. Do you mean like dancing? Allies, allies. Allies. Clarota likes allies. Is... I take the dagger and make a happy face of fire. Killing two guards on the way. Oh, Kima? She's Allura's friend, right? That's a good idea. Grog! You can go hump, I can get Allura.