Yeah. Have we talked about something important here, guys? There are these shirts that we need to sell. Listen, guys, this is something that we need to really discuss, first. I love you, Travis I think you guys out there need to really look in your hearts-- and moreover, your wallets-- and get one of our shirts. Just get them, because they're dope. I don't think we did. Sorry. (all laugh) 16. She can move it just fine. Just think, "forward." Well, 16, but that's fine. How far away am I right now? Well, I'll move the carpet the minimum distance I have to for her to get in range. Okay, so that's where I'll stay. "This doesn't look good." I cast Obelisk of Stone on my dear friend. (fshh) I'm going to raise him up out of harm's way. No, I only raise it about 20 feet. And then I go, "That was a good idea!" And then I spend three sorcerer points and I hock a fireball (fwoosh) at all those fuckers, too. Yes. Two, four, six. Is it six or eight? 32 damage. Oh, shit. (all laugh) Hold on, as he falls-- do I still have a movement after this? It certainly does. "Vex, would you finish that bastard off?" I'm sorry. Yes. Sorry, Grog. I'm sorry, Percy. Listen, I'm sorry, everybody. I didn't mean to kill everybody so quickly. I'll let you kill everybody next time, Percy. That's not how you really-- As he's doing that, I get 18 trying to see what's up. What you have there is a Greatsword of Frenzy, Grog. You have a +1 bonus to attack and damage rolls made with this magic weapon. Ooh! When you attack a creature with this magic weapon and roll a 20 on the attack roll, after dealing damage, you can immediately make an additional attack for free. "Vex, let me see the diamond for just one second." As he's shaking his sword, I go into the Bag of Holding and take out the Mending Wheel. That's not how it works, Vex. There you go. Oh this thing? I'll do an arcana check on the vial, which is not great. "I don't know, it looks icky." Does this cave bottleneck? Pull them down. You guys want to run? 18. Get on the damn carpet, you fools! Yeah, that hits. Yes? You're ruining my robe! (grunts) Well. (grunts) Fire breath! (roaring) Get off of me! So, wisdom? How many d6? Oh! Hang on. Is it... no... I don't want to roll wrong. I think it's 2d6. Oh! Awesome. Cool. (panting in relief) 21! If I do something, I'll probably have disadvantage. Right? Correct? Well, I'll just try it again. I'll spend... fuck. Jeez. No! No, I fly around and (ping) hit one of my stones, and I'll spend... five sorcerer points to cast Telekinesis and (blast sound) fling it off me. Oh, yeah! Arcana? 20. (grunts) Good! I use my movement to get the hell out of there! (grunts) I am going! No, a bunch of people are on the carpet. I'm still on the carpet! That'd be so fun. Oh crap, wisdom? Aw! I rolled a four. Is it casting a spell? Oh my lord! What's the creature made out of? What's his skin like when I look at him? Well, I don't really-- Hey! What do you think I should do, guys? (all laugh) Haste doesn't work that way now. I'll defer for now. Bigby Hand? Nice! I see what happens. Yes. I'll follow suit. I'm going to... I'm going to straight-up cast this because I have to. I cast Telekinesis and I pull the eye out. (sucking noise) Okay. And do I have advantage because of the grapple? And that's my what? 17. I'm going to float it over and put it in one of my vials. I'm going to smell it, first of all. I rolled a 16 for a history check on the creature. So that's 14. Oh, no. Arcana? Yeah. 25. Well, yes. I want the teeth, also. How close are we? How long will that take? I rolled a natural 20 to help him with any arcana enchantment if he succceeds. A lot can happen in ten minutes. It's just a thing. There's going to be things here. Could be a tide cave. Prestidigitation! Now you're all dry. Yes? Oh, Light! I want to do an arcana check. 18. Check for any nasty magic. Well, sure, but it means that thing will be bright the whole time. Yes, you would. (fire breath noise) Let's do that. I agree. I'm tired. Pike, can you sense if there's any nasties down there? Right. I suggest we go and rest. I believe we can get some respite. As soon as I see Her Royalty go in-- As soon as I see Keyleth go off, I rub my ring and go invisible. I'm not. Pike is chuckling, at best. Actually, I think that's a good idea. Percy? The bomb that Scanlan is holding, could you fix a thing around it to possibly hold magic properties? You can use some of this-- one of the glass, my potion-- what do you call those fucking things? Yes. I cast Silence on Vax. (all laugh) Counterspell! Do you have Counterspell? You don't have Counterspell. Counterspell just fizzles his shit. And I don't silence him. Did I have to roll anything to do that? Oh, cool. 17. I just know it's 120-foot range. Should write the other stuff down. "No, it wasn't. But yes, I do have fireballs left." And I dispel it immediately. I'm unpredictable. With what Vex is getting to, Percy, is if you could fashion such a thing, or if I could, I'll enchant it. Can I attempt to imbue the bomb with a fireball in it? Okay. You have a bomb? Hold it out in your hand, please. I cast Telekinesis. I pick up the bomb, and I start guiding it into the cave. Pay attention, ranger. I'm still invisible. Oh. Dope. Yes. What's with that, so. All right. Well, I rolled 21. Yes. I rolled a 13 the second time. As soon as I let go, I cast Invisibility on myself again. I'm going to wait. What happens? As soon as I hear that noise, Fireball. 32. Yeah. I feel we should camp here for the night. Or day, whenever the heck. Yes, of course, that's obvious. Yes, exactly. That's what I was going to say earlier. Me, Clarota, mm. That's what I do with Clarota. That means he likes me. Ooh, Clarota. Yes. Do you think we could, after a rest of course, conjure a way and possibly break the barrier and go to that side? Oh, that would be awful. I need it. Well, at least we know this beach is secure. We should go out in the front and seal this up for the night. This is inside and I was outside. They were hearing stuff inside. Wait, how wide is the slimmest part of the cave? I see. If you'll excuse me. I reach into my pouch and pull up the Scroll of Telescription. I enchant it to reach my brother Jerahd. I write on it, "Dear brother, it seems I am in a bit of a pickle "with a certain type of creature that can take control of others "with its mind and do nasty things. "Goes by the name of K'Varn, and the only thing I know about him "is that he has a black horn. Please help. Love, Tiberius." He can't smell it, Scanlan. And I send it. Hopefully, he answers back promptly. Jerahd is a warlock and is a wizard of the mind, arcana, things I do not know of. He could possibly help us and has access to great knowledge in this matter. Is that B-52s? Yeah, that's cool. I'm going to really enjoy it. Just do that. Yes? He should've got the message immediately. I'm pretty sure he's researching it before he answers. You are astute. I say all that stuff out loud. I do not think that is wise. Your Highness, hold on a second, wait a minute! I think we're doing this a bit prematurely. If she fails, he will know where we are. It was because he had eyes to look through. So she tells us, right? It is really not a thing we want to fight. It is awful. It is wretched. It will kill all of us if we don't find out a way to kill it-- oh my god. DM, I write a detailed-- I believe we should go and rescue the prisoners and build a small army. Moreover, I've been thinking. It all goes downward, correct? He's all up in a pit, yes? No, the beholder, K'Varn. Up or down? LIAM AND Well, that won't help me at all. No. Both of you have got earrings. No. Like 20 or something like that? We have Twinkies? Oh, yay. That man loves you. Thank you! It does get warm in here, just a little bit. That's right. Nice! Holy what?! Oh, cool! Oh, dude! Yeah, those are hilarious. Hey! Cerulean Kestrel. It does. He was just courting us at first. Thank you! Yes, it does. Absolutely. Really? Have fun! Hey, everybody. Huh? LIAM, MATT, AND Yeah, I know. These guys were talking about stuff I know about, and I was responding to other people that were talking on Twitter. Chaotic good. Can you just be good? Scootch. Hit them up. Tell them you want us there. When I want to. (laughs) Tiberius isn't old. I don't care; I'll just keep going. Wizards who do magic, they have to pick it every day. Sorcerers invoke it. They learn it from their being and they cast it out that way. The character Tiberius, figuring him out, that predicted which way I went because I feel he would just have it within him to do. The whole thing is, he's the Keyser Soze of the group, in a way, where he's the false buffoon, but he knows exactly what he's doing when it comes to a battle and other particular things. (English accent) We don't want no poo. Somebody wanted you to say something as Trey. Yeah. That's what these shirts are, by the way. These are from Type-0, the thing that we're in. "Pay attention, yo." That's adorable. Mine, too. Bard out with your heart out. Do they ship you? Also adorable. (laughs) Tim Burton? Yeah, we don't know what happened. We accidentally killed the ox, right, because we stuffed it in the Bag? Every day he comes in. Two hours, just writing songs. Total party kill. We're going to be in the studio. No Holds Bard. That's the name of your album. I don't know if you guys noticed, who's been watching this whole time we've been playing, I generally do random chaotic things to be quirky and funny just because I like to, but this is the first time I was scared. I really freaked out with the confirmation it's a fucking beholder. It's terrible. Yeah, and then I was terrified. It was a deluge of terror after that. He's kooky. It was a year, yeah. There was a question for everybody. You cannot pick yourself. Which is your favorite character? I agree. I would like to do the complete opposite of Tiberius with rage, and just tear shit apart with my teeth. Pike would be super fun to play, too, because clerics are crazy. (laughs) It's done. And they're garbage now. No! They're cursed. Oh, you could buy cursed die, which is now a mystical item. That is true. When it comes to dice. I'd pay for cursed dice, so we're good. Wait, what happened? Yeah. Is that a group question? I'm a Slytherin. Oh, shit. Somebody asked if Tiberius is inspired by a particular wizard or something like that. He actually is. Somebody mentioned Elminster. Tony Roberts. That's exactly-- MATT AND That's going to be funny, if I actually do that. But no, Tiberius is actually based off Elminster Aumar, who I play in Neverwinter, the MMO. I booked that before we started the group, and then when I decided to make him a sorcerer, I was like-- it was right at the same time, too-- We just started to play, and that happened, and... yeah, so he's a dragonborn Elminster. Scanlan, denied! That's all you need. We did start this campaign in a different thing. We started in Pathfinder and for a lot of us, me included, that was the first time playing D&D, so Matthew home-brewed everything in Pathfinder, and then right before we decided to do this, we switched over to 5th Edition. I'm a big Magic The Gathering guy. We play. I will be on Mulligan soon, and I like red and white, blue and black, and all the colors of the rainbow. Envisioned it? Two years plus, man. And I'm drinking a lot less. Everybody give a quick huzzah to Jareth. He graduated high school today. Which isn't bad! Somebody asked why Tiberius is so loyal to Keyleth. Tiberius comes from a presidential family. A family of political power, of high-seating in his land, so he's very honorable, and Keyleth is royalty in his eyes. He didn't know, because that was a reveal for Keyleth's character. I think it was a year and a half, we were playing, and then you revealed it. Somebody asked us a fun question. If each of us could have a familiar like Trinket, if we could have our own animal, what would it be? Tiberius, of course, would have a small dragonite or pseudodragon. Definitely. Oh, and the dragon's name would be Monty. Thanks, Effigy. It's only 1130. Nothing that exists, really. What's your favorite part, Ashley? I'm going to say what my favorite part of D&D is. Much like doing improv, it's a wonderful escape. I know I'm really frantic in how I play it. Poor Matthew. He puts up with arguments about spells that I want to make super OP, and he's like, "you can't do that." I'm like, "but why?" Those are our arguments. When we got together and we would play for 8 hours, we would get together and have lunch or dinner and we would spend a lot of time, and every game was a very special day, so no matter if the day was going great or not, it didn't matter because as soon as the game started, it was a whole different world that we had to step into, and now we live in it and we breathe it. It's great. We're all actors, and to get lost in each other, and with how Matthew narrates, and you'll see it when you watch the show, I'm like, "oh," and there's cameras now, and that's a whole other layer, and I still get lost in Keyleth shedding a tear, and the way Clarota interacts differently. I don't see Matthew doing it. I see (creature noise) that. So it is that sense of realistic magic that exists every single game. (laughs) There you go. What was the other thing? You said there were two questions. I think I would want to be Japanese because it would be a whole different cultural experience. Dragonborn for life. (Scottish accent) She's the special dwarf. I tell people it's not about math, it's not about paper and pencil. When you were a kid and you went outside and played all day and you were just a kid? That's what this is. It's just remembering how to do that again with friends. Well, hold on. I don't love that hashtag. I have a weird thing, too. I'm doing a thing where if you have a PS4 and you follow me on Twitter, @orionacaba, every 20 followers, I'm going to randomly pick one person. I'll tweet at you, and then tweet me your PS4 handle, and I'll add you to my friends list and we can play together. So yeah, hit me up.