Are we talking about Mad Max? Hey, he's Scrotus! I play Scab and a bunch of war boys. So check it out! Because I work with this guy here! Yes! Speaking of Mad Max again, because it's super cool, I've actually partnered with Twitch as of ten days ago, so I'm doing my Twitch and I've been playing the shit out of Mad Max, so follow me on there! Orionacaba at Twitch, and check that shit out. Nope! I'll go to your place and watch you play it because I want to watch you play your character. Yeah, that's weird. Ew, that's gross. How does it feel on that side? When I played with Will Friedle-- Our mighty DM versus Hercules. It's still 24 hours since we had the feast, right? It still counts as the same time? I used it twice, and you said, stop bothering me, Tiberius. Though he definitely said my name and told me to stop. My bad. Sorry about that. Well, a Stormwind likes to finish a sentence, and I apparently need to start a sentence correctly for you to hold your attention long enough. Right. Sorry. Yes. How does it work with gnomes? Yes, I've never seen a gnome birth, before. It's right here. I open my Bag of Holding. (swoosh) It just doesn't fly anymore. I went to Draconia for like two minutes and picked one up. Oh. Well, I teleported. I went there, came back. No, a rakshasa. I have a suggestion. First I'm going to bring up Lockheed. Keyleth, if you think you could help? I'm going to take him out of his cage and put him on the table here. He's diseased. You can maybe see if you could perhaps use your medicine strengths to see what the problem is. Yes, I know. That's why I asked earlier as the other guy. No. I said I fed him, but I didn't say what I fed him. Excuse me? Oh, I'm sorry. I was waiting on my first request before. To see if Keyleth could do anything, but a wineskin? Yes. LAURA and Emaciated? As far as the matters at hand I, of course, Grog, encourage your violence. And Taliesin, I do quite like the idea of going back to Emon-- Oh, sorry. I'm sorry, speaking Draconic again. Percy. Sorry. No, that's not your mother's name. I'm sorry. Percival. I go over to Percival and I give him a hug. Sorry, I'm scaly. I like the idea of going back to Emon, but before that, I do believe we should go back to Kraghammer and collect our gold. TALIESIN and Did we say that already? TALIESIN and Wonderful. I was concerned about Lockheed. I'm going to put him on my shoulder. Of course. I give chase. I give myself Fly so I can go over the crowd. It's fine! I realize what I'm doing, and I stop. Do they feel that? He wants to fight him. I also know. I use my Mage Hand-- Oh no, I don't! I don't do that! I have 600 gold pieces-- I'm going to break my bank and follow suit to my human friend. 612 is, I think, all I have left. No, it's not. It's a gamble. So we can make more, and plus, it's giving faith in our friend. The DDT! He monked up! Oh my god, a Grog punch to the balls. I'm going to argue that that should be doubled because there's two balls. (laughter) Wait, against him? No, he meant... advantage, because balls. Damn it. No, he has tough nuts. Never mind. Inspiration! You also smell! That was a burn. What if I shot off a Prestidigitation firework? She's foreign. Can I do something real quick? I want to be like, excuse me, and I-- sorry. No! Excuse me. And I pull out ten gold coins. That's all I actually have because I had ten left, (laughs) and I take those, and I give them. I'm sorry. This has been a misunderstanding. She's foreign, and she's royalty. Please, I'm from Draconia. She's from-- she's a druid. I say all this shit really quick, and I'm like, I'm so, so sorry. What was it? Deception? Deception? So that's 22 and 21. As they do that, I'm like, you said dragon! For Philip! No, it's Grog now. I'm not there; I'm arrested. Plus ten! Grog, we got arrested while you were fighting, just so you know. Never mind. I'm going to use the earring real quick again. Whenever you're free, Grog. Can I now use the damn earring? Okay. Grog, (stutters) could you use your clout to get us out of holding? Because Keyleth tried to do something, and I tried to talk her out of it and it didn't work out, and we're now in holding. It's fine. I mean, I tried to help her out. A guard looking at me. Vex! Here we are! I'm from Draconia! Just say where you're from. That's easy. I'm sure they don't know what Draconia is, but I like to spread the word. As I leave, he's speaking Draconian! He's speaking Draconian! I heard him. She casted heal and I tried to talk her out of it, and I just got arrested, too. Hold it! When we're released, I would like to get my winnings back. Great, wonderful. No, she's paying for that. LAURA and She had other gold. Oh, shit! That's right. I'll pay you. What was it? 24? I raise my glass of water and cheers, as well. No! I like that idea. We could take the airship and you could craft some things. When we do go, I think I might have an idea for our carpet situation. No, that didn't work. It kept it intact. But when we return to House Thunderbrand, I believe we have a few items that they want. The deal was when we procure certain items, we will be allowed to have certain information and certain-- we didn't explain what we were going to get. But we should return, get our gold, and definitely visit House Thunderbrand. They are strongly arcane. Perhaps they can enchant for what we have procured for them in that venture. And maybe that could be a good way of getting around getting our carpet re-enchanted without costing any coin. Scanlan? When you describe them to me? Thank you. It's a piece of gum! What is closer to Kraghammer? Emon? Or where we're from? Oh, that's fine. Are we all ready to go? Are we ready to go? After that, are we ready to go? We need to go to Kraghammer to collect our 30,000 gold waiting for us. 25,000, sorry. While we're there, House Thunderbrand. We've procured a few items, or at least one, while we were down in the Underdark. We should return there and talk to them and perhaps in exchange for gold, perhaps have them enchant the carpet to fly again. Where does he hail from? What is a Pope? It's okay. She's young. Thank you for the information. And foreign. Have a good day. I think we should all leave. Scanlan? Are you satisfied in your knowledge you've procured? Wonderful! Grog, I'm sure you would like to... go to a pub of sorts? LAURA and Oh, fuck! Shit! I walk out of the bar. I went back into the bar because I went to take a piss outside. What is going on? Hold on a second. I've had plenty of water. I'm fine! (slurred) Scanlan has been ordering me water for the whole time has been cleared. We know who he is. Do we need to pursue this guy? I'm going to do a daily roll for my pet because I'm going to try to teach a trick, and I rolled a 15. Yeah. At the end of the-- does it just build up points today and then try... To scout! Cool. Little treat. Tell him it's Grog's-- We know where they're at, right? We don't know where they're at? If we could fit it in the Bag of Holding, it would be much better. I start casting Circle of Teleportation. Oh, I choose Emon. Emon. I go through, too. I'll hold it for a minute. To explain the travel schematic, it would take us a few days to come back on the airship to this particular area if want to go back to Kraghammer. It would be much more efficient if we teleport, as we have, and take a transport to Kraghammer, which is only north of here, as well, which will only probably take a day, right? Airship. From here. To Kraghammer? Right. The airship, right? So we just shaved off five days. I can split the load. We're doing the paperwork. Well, there you are, and here's my-- Oh, Scanlan, hold it. Notarize it. Yes. Collect our money. What time is it right now, in the day? Could we ride, maybe? Drunk riding. We can go to the keep and say hi to everyone. No, we have servants that do that. Well, you're welcome to do so-- What is your skill, sir? Ah, your sword? As he's talking, I motion to open the gates. I go inside the keep. Are they inside yet? I look right at Vax. Why did you do that to that young man? Stop it. It was aggressive beyond necessity. We should have trialed the boy. That was not a trial! You are far more powerful, Vax. You know that. This boy was a fan, at best. We could have put him to work, or something. And if he comes for your head? Vax. You and Grog I respect and fear the most out of all of us. You are cunning. I could crush you in one blow, Scanlan. Vex, I fear you and am slightly attracted to you, as well. Grog and Vax, you are the strongest and most noble and cunning-- You believe what you believe. I'm just saying, when it comes to things, sometimes you really rush into stuff, and stop. Because you could just be chill sometimes. (laughter) As I see her, I turn to greet, but I want to give Vax a little pinch on the butt. A little friendly pinch. It's all right, we forgive you. I give her a hug. Sorry, I'm very scaly. Oh, you shouldn't. Really? It's fine. Yes, you can, Scanlan. Invite him in for dinner. Oh, what is the attire for the event? I'd like to see what they propose.