We love you, Kit. Who are you? Who do you guys play? Son of a bitch! Yeah! Whatchamacallit, a few weeks ago me and Matthew wore these really cool shirts with the vermilion bird from Rubrum, which is in Type-0, the Final Fantasy that we're both in! That shirt was made from Greven, g-r-e-v-e-n, at Redbubble, and we wanted to thank him for those shirts, along with this awesome Final Fantasy shirt, made by August8913, where she did this super cool, it says Nine on the back, his says Trey. Thank you guys, for the really cool shirts. Who'd you play? You were Kreoss, by the way, War Machine Tactics, Matthew Mercer is Kreoss. Yeah, yeah, check it out. Thank you, everyone! I could have Sam fart on this for you, if you want. Sorry. Okay. I forgot to ask you something before the game, it's fine. Pike-- Do you have spell of Restoration, the thing that can reverse stone? Clarota, what do you suggest we do? Do we stay, do we leave, or do we-- what do you? There are hundreds upon thousands of illithid rushing at us right now, and they don't like me very much, by the way-- Very good. Wait, do you want her un-stoned, or still stoned? This is exactly what has to do with the Horn. Is there any way, Pike, could you perhaps half-cast it and hold the spell, don't quite undo her legs from stone, I don't want her to be mobile. I want to ask her-- We will discuss that when we get out of here. I am with you. To be fair, Scanlan, I never disappeared to begin with! Quite the contrary. If it wasn't for me, you'd still be fighting that damn thing. Silence. (laughter) Counterspell. No, you're done, you're quiet. The idea, which I will share-- we don't have time to do that-- He has to say that, it doesn't work. So the idea is, Pike, if we ask her why she wants the horn, if there is any other reason but to destroy it, we have to-- The idea is, if she doesn't want to destroy it, I say there's something awful, and Keyleth, I believe you want to destroy it, yes? I know this is, did you say Orcus, is that his name? This thing is no good at all. Where is some lava? I would much like to do that. But she wanted to take it back to Emon. That is not appropriate, we need to destroy this. I dispel Silence. Sorry, I just wanted to get the point across. I'm staying up, can I not-- Oh, then I'd be down there. Oh, I have a wonderful escape plan. No, no! Stop, no don't. It's fine, it's fine, it's fine. And it's at the halfway point between where she is and where I'm standing. Yeah, right there. It's really heavy, guys! "Don't do anything." I'm saying this on the ears. Natural 20. It's 23. It doesn't work like that. It's what I was trying to say earlier! 19. Yes! I like that idea! Not while we're still in it. We'll talk about it later. Plan B, it's ten minutes. Sure! No, don't look at it! You said one minute, that's the DM, DM is god. Oh, yes, I'm so glad I'm wrong. How many of us are down there? Now, sometimes fighting isn't the right thing to do! Yeah, okay-- This isn't good. How far? Scanlan's only like a foot away from me, right? I'm right next to him! Oh! Shit. Okay. I cast Fly on myself. I redact that, actually. Is it possible-- I'm at least standing next to him, right? I don't have to use a move action right now. I can, like, look at him. Okay, can I give him-- can I take off my Ioun Stone as an action, and swap his crown? But he didn't. He hasn't attuned himself to the thing yet. Yeah! How long does it take? Shit! Okay, that changes everything in a very bad way. Okay, so I'm going to attempt to crush the Horn. With a thousand pounds of pressure. Because my Telekinesis is still going. I can't do anything else without dropping this thing because as soon as I do anything else, I drop the horn. So I have to do that first. What am I adding? Oh, 23. I thought so. I'm going to-- I'm going to maneuver around the chaos because I'm not within range of anybody to hurt me, right? So I'm going to hop on the carpet. Well, I can run. Oh. That's stupid. "Hey, Percy!" (laughs) That's my turn, that's all I can do. And I still maintain the thing. Fuck you, couch! Isn't there a rope still hanging from there? Throw the damn rope! Nope! 17, man! Boom! Plus your strength! Oh, it doesn't matter. Oh, awesome. Friendly fire! So I rush up, and Percy takes off? Seeing what's going on-- there's an illithid right behind me, right? So I'm running off and then Percy takes off? So I can't get to him? Awesome. I need a technical question. Can I move the Horn and let go of the spell so I can then do my turn? Or does that take a thing to do that? Like, I want to let it go-- Good. So as I'm running up to the carpet, I see Percy go and I'm like, "(growls) Damn "Tiamat-lover!" So I bring over the Horn and right at the tip, on the carpet, I let it go. "You deal "with it then!" I don't give it to Percy, I let it land on the carpet. I see the-- oh god. Okay, I can only do this once. I see the-- they're not inside yet, right? Awesome. Okay, that is a-- and this is a-- Okay. Right. I have-- I blow everything. I'm going to blow everything. You cannot resist! As I leave the Horn there, I turn to where the door is. Obelisk of Stone. I seal up the entryway. Well, how wide is it? Like 15 feet? Great. I only need one, right? Okay. So I seal that one-- I'm going to use all three right now. I'll seal the other one. And I'll use the other one on myself. And I'm going to use-- I only have three left. Yeah, okay. And I'm going to use my last three sorcerer points that I have, and I have zero points after this, and I'm going to cast Blur on myself. And that's my turn. Except me. It's going to come in handy now! Pick up Vax! I said Vax. Yes. It's fine. It's good that they're up there. Pick her up! Don't do that! Yes! Yeah. Get on Trinket! Yeah! Get out. What's the order after me? Okay, okay, good. I cast Fly at 5th level. I cast it on myself. I cast it on Grog. And I cast it on-- you're not there. Trinket. (groans) Yeah. Me. And I (flying noise). Um, outside? I dunno, it's right here. It's right here. The cards! Look at the cards. It's 60 feet. Oh wait, hold on-- I want to turn to to everybody and go, "Fly, you fools." That's right, Pike. Bury it deep inside. Get on the bear! You never wash it to begin with. You can fly, Grog! Head to the beach! Well, he has to wait for the carpet. I do not have the necessary item to do two concentration spells at once. And inspiration! Here you go, boss. Ooh! I took notice of this. Did you say there was illithid coming up on the sides, too? Okay. I turn to the group. I suggest we go to the beach immediately. There we can shore up defenses and I can cast a spell and get us out of here. As I say that, I go (fwwt) and throw a Fireball right at that fucker's head. No, I'm up top. I have Fly on myself. Yeah, I just let a Fireball down on the brain. 40. My movement, by the way is I head to the beach. Yes. As long as I'm thinking about it. You did. Can he add it now? It's Hulking? Trinket and Vex are still there? Like the Macy's Day parade! Can she take control of the carpet, too? I want to make a note, because I'm way ahead of everybody at this point, as soon as I land on the beach, I cast Circle of Teleportation. Barring that there's nobody there, but I do that immediately. By the blessings of Bahamut, I choose Emon! I run right through. That was something, now, wasn't it? We are safe. Hold on just one second. We still have the Horn to deal with. I think we should get it out of her view before-- We can store it there. The way Circle of Teleportation works is when I learned it I get to pick two locations that I know innately. I picked Emon as one of them. But I just had to pick the two. I'll use Telekinesis to lift the Horn off the carpet. Yeah, I can burn one from my Ioun stone. I cast Dispel Magic on Scanlan. Yeah, I do. No, Counterspell, and I Silenced you, this is Dispel Magic, which ends your spell. He's friendly. Yeah, I'm Tiberius Stormwind. How are you? I'm responsible for casting the spell to get us here to begin with. Gatekeeper? Greyskull Keep. I'm glad you held that the whole time we were down there, Grog. Actually, hold on a minute, let's all rest before we deal with this one. She doesn't have a sense of time, she won't know. I was fine. [dramatic music] Greetings and salutations. I am Tiberius Stormwind. I hail from a town called Ty'rex, located in the heart of Draconia. From a politically respected family, at the age of 15, I succeeded in passing the Sorcerer's Rite, showing prodigy-like control of my magic. The judges and the Draconian high council were amazed at how powerful my spells were for how long I had been training. At 20 years old, I was the youngest appointed member of the magic guild in Draconian history. For the next few years, I almost went mad from the malaise of being a guild member, as it's rather boring. However, one day I happened upon a chamber, unused for quite some time. No. Oh, I mean in real life. Yeah. I was like, don't touch it. Is it dark right now? I cast Light. "It's us!" I stand up and I head towards the sleeping quarters and I just say, "Leave her to stone "tonight, we'll deal with it tomorrow." And I go to bed. Hold on a sec. I can still cast as an animal, right? Oh. I still go to bed. (laughter) In between my pillow. Did they wake me up? Okay. I'm trying to bite Grog. I am not happy. Why did you wake me up? I was so comfy being furry! (laughter) I was so soft. Have I rested? What's going on? What the fuck? (laughter) Oh! The Horn of Orcus. This thing comes from a devil, a demon. Nothing good could ever come from anything it made in existence. It needs to be destroyed. And I'm sorry. Let me articulate these words a little bit more. There is nothing that you can use this particular artifact for any reason of good. The fact that it is even here is a very bad sign because it was taken from one of these beasts. That's exactly what we need to do. I don't think they wanted to bring it back. Because there is-- the liquid hot magma that was below where it was being held was very sufficient for it to be thrown in. No. Pike could destroy it. Give yourself a little bit more credit. You killed a dragon. LAURA and No. If it could be a permanent banishment, yes. But we don't know what kind of plane and what creatures lie there that would, perhaps, come upon that artifact. What are the elements? Fire burns earth. Light destroys darkness. Pike, you're the only one who-- Exactly, Scanlan. You're the only one who could-- if your weapon had any kind of light enchantment on them, could probably smash this thing to bits. Then we would have to scatter the remnants, the pieces, far from each other, if not find different ways to destroy those pieces. Because it comes from something that would-- Because they wanted to bring it somewhere where they-- I don't know. Which is why I wanted you to do the half thing, where we could question Kima without her attacking us or trying to attempt to take the Horn from us. I like that plan, too. Allura is somebody who should not be here when this conversation happens, because if they turn south, she's a more powerful sorcerer than I. Grog, is there nothing else in that bag of holding? Do you want it very far away? In the Keep, how about just stay in the Keep? I did leave a little rat turd before I got scooped out. Just so you know. Oh yes, I'm going to bed. I like being furry. That's fine. Have your fun tonight, people, you will have your licking in the morning. I go to sleep. I woke up and took a dirt bath. Huh? I know, in lizard form. In my form. Scales, you rub it off with clay? I have a little dirt in my room. I can. It's Telekinesis, I can picture it and-- No, I don't do it. I'm assuming it's there. I'm not doing that right now. I'm pretty sure it's there. I'm going to cast Circle of Teleportation in my room. No, I'm going to go to the treasury first, I'm going to take out 500 gold pieces, and then I'm going to go to my room and cast Circle of Teleportation. By the blessing of Bahamut, I choose Draconia. I would've had your back, by the way, there. Yes, bonertown! Oh, the dagger, dude! It's a dagger! I got this amazing Tiberius pin. Pike. Ashley. A three-inch figure of Pike is coming for you and a three-inch figure of Scanlan is coming. They're on their way. David. A dragon-bone die for the dragonborn. Good job, guys. Oh my god, is that your die that you got?