Yeah, me too. I'm on the same end. I knew Joe Mad through meeting Liam for a while, and later realizing that this guy I knew as an amazing voice director and an amazing producer has inked some of my favorite issues of Excalibur, and I crapped my pants. I have four of yours, Joe, in my box right now at home. He's an amazing guy and awesome thing to back. Check it out, please. That means "convention". I'm going to get a hot dog. I would like to announce that I feel pretty good. I know, but maybe that's why I feel so good. I'll get shunned for it happening, then I'm like, oh, cool. I don't have to worry about me right now. What time of the day is it? Pardon, what is the total of the staff's payment? I'll pay him in advance right now, just to get it out of the way. 600, out of here, phew, there you go. When they start to go, I'd like to go to the temple with the sigils and talk to the guy who runs the place. Yeah. Yeah, because I learned something new this week and I was like, I'm dumb. But that's where I would like to head. (whispers) Don't forget the bolt. Matthew, I took some fine meats before I left and I'm feeding them to Lockheed along the way. Stupid. (laughs) Why would you say that? I didn't do anything! Yes, hi, if you do not remember me, I am Tiberius Stormwind, from Draconia. Moreover, Vox Machina, over at Greyskull Keep. Well, we told you multiple times before. We met with you using your sigil of teleport-- it's fine. I've come here on a matter of business anyway, so that's neither here nor there. I was wondering if I may procure an address, or number as it were, for a sigil to Kraghammer. I believe the Thunderbrands would have some facility near theirs or on their own premises where their sigil could be channeled through the Circle of Teleportation spell. Where is he? I thought that was you. Hi. I'm Tiberius Stormwind, from Draconia. Moreover, Vox Machina over at Greyskull Keep. I was wondering-- and I asked your clerk here because I thought he did what you actually do here-- if I may procure, for coin or perhaps some kind of favor of sorts, the address or number or code or whatever it is that would work for the Kraghammer sigil of my Circle of Teleportation. Okay, where is he? Can you take me to him? Where is he at? Hello. ORION and Moreover, Vox Machina over at Greyskull Keep here in Emon. We are the saviors of this town and whatnot. Anyway, that's neither here nor there. I went through this fellow, who I thought was the job of this fellow, but it wasn't either of those jobs, it was you who I've been needing to talk to, I'm assuming? I'm hoping to procure an address or access to the sigils of Kraghammer through my Circle of Teleportation spell and whatnot using your arcane gates. That's about it. (laughter) Yes, yes. We'll have to speak with them as well. We've got things for you, this time, like we said we would get for you. In the Underdark. It's really inconvenient, but we have things that we need to get to you quickly. He was drinking. He's an alcoholic. He's got help since then. What is it? 20. (in same accent as Matt) Of course. Oh, sorry, I started to sound like you. (laughter) Of course. I wouldn't expect you to. I'm Tiberius Stormwind, from Draconia. My father Kruvanis Stormwind has helped the Council for over two generations. We come from a noble house, and I give you my word that I will never abuse-- abuse?-- however you pronounce it in your tongue. The privilege of quickly traveling to your stead to do business with you, and there would be no other intrusion otherwise. I guarantee it as my name as a Stormwind. That's 11. Ooh, we found one! A couple, yes. And we killed a bunch of those buttholes. I don't have it on me right now. It's fine, Headmaster. I'll be back in about 15 minutes with the proper proof that we did procure the things that the man, that needed to have proof, did. Excuse me! And I get the hell out of there. And as soon as I get out of there, I cast Fly on myself, and I Gandalf (whoosh) right back to the keep. Well, Travis is my target, right? Are you still at the Keep? She's full of sass! Those are masterwork daggers? It's me, you idiots! I'm in a hurry, sorry! (whoosh) I go into, I rush in to find him eating. (stammers) Quickly, quickly! And I go into the Bag of Holding and I take the item out that we need. What was it? I can't, because I have to visualize what it is to pull it out. I've taken my hand out. When we were in the Underdark and one of the items that we procured while we were scavenging, and we looted it, and we could give it back to the Thunderbrand. Yes. And we found one or two of them. I don't have it. We didn't give it to them. That's what I reach in and grab. There you go! Keyleth. I mean, your highness. I like your hair. It looks cool. I take it out, and I put it in mine. Grog, I'm finding out a way, as soon as I can show this to you, fellow. I'm going to go into Kraghammer very, very fast as opposed to slowly, and it is, so we should leave right now. Yeah, and I'll cast-- because, who was around, just them two? I cast Fly again at 3rd or 4th level, to cast on them. Yes, but we get there much faster if we fly. And I go. You can stay. Ooh, that gives me a wonderful idea! And then, I'll cast it at 4th level again, and I'll go (pew-pew!) and cast it on-- Right. Come on, follow me! What about my circlet? I cast Fly again at 6th-level on everybody else. No, because I can catch everybody. You fall in the kitchen, though. Yes. It's the same spell. I just really need a nap after this. I really need a nap after this. I go back to gather them all. Yes. Can we not talk to the middle guy first? Can we go right to the last guy? Thank you very much. Follow me, everybody! Wonderful. That makes me quite happy. Yes, but I do not want to use that favor for that sigil. I would like to call our friends, and I brought the item. I bring out the amulet. I want to show our friends in Kraghammer that we actually brought them the thing to get their permission to go on their sigil, and the other continent that we were on is called what? Yes. The favor I would like for Gilmore is to get the Vasselheim sigil, please. But let's contact our friends at Kraghammer first. Using my Mage Hand, I'm like, it's one of the things that you wanted us to get. I can see it. It's fine. What does it say, Keyleth? Oh, sorry. To Lorna, with love. As he's doing this, I'm writing the sigil that I'm seeing forming in my-- Shall we go collect our money now? SAM and Everybody's here but Grog. Wait, where are you? Oh, you're working. Tinkering. Okay. Thunderbrands are buttholes, though. Yeah. Is that what you want to do? Is that what's going on? Oh, shit. No, actually, I need to sleep. All that flying left me a bit exhausted. Well, hold on. Maybe there's a way I could trigger the spell? Let's get a drink, maybe? It's only been a day. What time of the day is this? It's still afternoonish, right? Great. My swallow's been crafted at the other place, right? Has that happened already? I'm calling it swallow. On the way back, because we're obviously going to leave in the morning, to do stuff. I'd like to quickly stop at any blacksmith I see on the way back to Greyskull Keep. Okay. I go to the good one, not the bad one, per reputation. I'll go to her, because she's awesome. Yes, I'm Tiberius Stormwind from Draconia; moreover, from Vox Machina-- Oh. Sorry, right. We've done business before. I would like to commission you. And as I'm doing this I'm taking out five of my daggers that I have, and I'm going to hand them to her. I would like to commission you to somehow craft these daggers into a type of bended glaive, if you would. I don't know how long it would take you to do so. You see, it's like, it would look like this, but it's-- Yeah, totally, but the blades are bended, but they're all connected in the center. You could use an iron, or a steel ingot to connect the-- Wonderful! 100 gold pieces? What, that's all? I mean, oh yes, of course. Here's 120. I trust your work. Trinket's armor was fantastic. Did she do that? I thought that was the same character. Bear's armor. The bear's armor was-- His name is Trinket. I'm surprised she didn't tell you. It's an adorable name. This is Lockheed. I do business with her, and I go back to the keep. Yes. Sorry. Prestidigitation. I would like to fart. Natural 20! Is it possible to, before I go to sleep, I have a basic poison potion I've been hoarding. Could I try to dip the tip of one of my bolts in that? On bolts? You're not a chinchilla, Grog, which is a small creature that bathes itself in dust. But you are a human, which water is good. Well, you are a humanoid. Which is, water is good. Which, most of you is water. No, it feels rather-- I'm feeding Lockheed some of my breakfast. I'm going to, I rolled, I'm going to do a roll for the day, I think I rolled one for the day, and I'm going to go Staht. Staht. And I'm going to, I rolled a 14 to try to teach it to sit. Staht. And I give it a treat. Krar, Krar, there you go. As it's hanging, I put it on my shoulder. As I'm having my oatmeal and such, I start to cast. Light! (whoosh) I cast it on Lockheed. On his tail. Oh, Bensvelk! That means "good" in Draconian. Bensvelk. And I feed him a treat. Yes, of course, Vex, they know we're coming. I showed them the amulet, it was how we got the sigil to come here to begin with. It's fine. We're doing business with them. It'll be good. I'm sorry. We thought you would like a night's sleep before we intrude and-- I'll open the Bag of Holding. And I'll take it out. Before I actually go over and speak, I'm going to turn to Scanlan and Vex. Is he the same person who pays us for the other-- I just didn't want to say the wrong thing this time. Oh, sorry. Here is the amulet. And I show him. Now, as far as trade, as it was rather taxing to procure this particular artifact-- Yes, she's correct. I was wondering if we could, perchance, trade it for a favor of your arcane ability? That was just to get me here quicker, I thought. No, not at all! Here's what happened, see. We were on an adventure-- I pull out the carpet out of my Bag of Holding. And this carpet was enchanted once with the ability to fly, and it helped us many times in many adventures. It was de-chanted, I guess, if you want to say it. And we need it re-chanted. And I thought that House Thunderbrand would be a strong enough house to have the ability to do such a thing. Maybe not as it seems. And I hand him the amulet as I'm saying this. And not as a trade, but as a favor for just the effort, or maybe because I'm not strong enough as a sorcerer myself to do it. Yes. I completely stayed away from it, because I was terrified. I start going back to the chamber and I'll do the spell again. No it's a 5th-level spell. Yeah, it's a 5th-level spell. Yes, very well. And then we'll go back to-- I'll choose Emon. As this is going on, I want to turn to Scanlan and go, Gnome. I have an idea that I want to run by you. No, your name's Scanlan. Okay. I was going to go and do this, just on a whim as I usually do, but I was thinking that we should speak to Allura, and I don't think I should speak to her alone. Yes. You know. Like I told Vax, you just have to chill out sometimes, and I'm like, well, maybe I should run it by the man with the mouth. Yes. This is more business rather than denied pleasure. Well, as far as I see it, there's no other way to get our carpet reenchanted. I want to confess what we did to her, and hopefully she takes mercy and helps us out with this, as we've helped her out far beyond anything that-- Vex. No, Vex. Yes. Stand over-- and I use my Still Image and take a little spell of her-- No, but it's of her, it's a youie. Oh. And I open my Scroll of Telescription, I'm like, see? Vex? I give her the picture. Now you have a picture of your bear with the silly bows. Ooh, yes, I would like the same thing. How many days have passed, since we've been doing this? Two? All we can do is get gear and do things and we can sleep for a few days. I think we'll be fine, because I have privilege perk. Oh! Sure. Here. No! (laughter) (unintelligible mumbling) It's effective. For brevity, I rolled six dice. I rolled, the only high ones worth mentioning was a 13, a 15, and 18. 17, I mean. And the, because they're all negative three. And I attempted to teach to Lockheed to hide and speak and to stay. Oh, and I've picked up my glaive, right? Two days. It was time to. Krull! I'm naming it Krull. And I attach it to my coat. I do it, as well. I don't know what's going on. Yes? It's not water, Grog. And I keep casting it on him. It's fine, see. (splash) What's wrong with what you're wearing now? Oh, so I'll go and I'll use some of my Dust of Illusion and I'll (pfft) on what he's wearing and shape it into a fancier robe. And I notice this, I go Oh. Oh, Grog. And I use a little bit more of Dust of Illusion. I wipe it. Smear it on there. No. Stop! Hey, hey, hey-- I put it on. Actually, I'm going to take it, and I'm going to actually put it in your hand and be like-- put it on your thumb and be like I want you to smear this where the beard was, and I want you to think really hard that you want it there. Okay? So put it on first. There you go. That's it. And now think really hard that you want it there. Yes, you need to go down here. Well, I'm Tiberius Stormwind from Draconia. (chuckles) Of course. I just need to know that one's happening. So it's tricky, is what I'm saying. Somebody would have to have rather powerful abilities to see through an illusion spell like a disguise or such. It's like a rakshasa could see though that kind of thing, per experience. I doubt that the Briarwoods have any-- Would you like me to cast Fireball? See? She can see it. You look gorgeous Allura, and my friends are just making weird faces right now. It's probably because of how beautiful you look. I flirt with Allura. I flirt with her throughout the hour. Actually, towards the end of that conversation I would like to bring up a specific thing. We've been having such a wonderful conversation. I think when things settle down a bit, perhaps you and I and maybe Grog, and Lady Kima can perhaps go out. Break bread and have some wine and such on an evening with each other. I believe my friend rather fancies Kima. What say you? Well, of course. If it was awkward, nobody wants that. Oh, just you and I? Okay, all right, wonderful. I walk away. (laughter) Oh! Can I sit at the far end of the table at the very opposite end, if not at head of the end-- Oh. Who? Oh! Not that chair. Yes. That would be rude, I think. I'm from Draconia. We're pretty cool. They were running around. They got diarrhea. Isn't that what you said? I was just going to ask, you seem such a lovely couple. Do you have any children? That is so courageous of you. Do you want me to Fireball her now? Gesundheit. Is Allura there, still? As we're eating I'm going to By the way, did you ever perhaps finish making that extra earring I gave you several weeks ago? I don't know how long it's been. I had no idea, I'll send someone. Oh, wonderful. Thank you, that's-- so talented. What flavor tea do you like, Allura? Noted. I walk away You said walk away. I want to do an arcana check on them. If they're armed with anything that has arcane properties. Got you. Standard gear. We befriended it, it betrayed us, and then we killed it. Vex is so into showing people our city. (gulping) I'm having a little. Do you want dessert now? Would you like this fireball creme brulee? I know a particular spell that it's rather wonderful. And I go blow a stream out and do a cantrip, Control Magic, and start doing a nice dragon fire dance that I know of from my home. Have a wonderful rest. If he does an action, it dissipates the spell. It's not Greater Invisibility, so he goes uninvisible, when he does something. No! I never have. I can actually say that. Never put myself in danger except for the illithid. Never put myself in danger. The fire thing. Now granted, I didn't know how Fireball worked at the time. I'm just saying!