Okay, how about you, Laura? That's Liam O'Brien, everybody. Greetings and salutations, everyone. I'm Orion Acaba. I'm a voice actor. Did you guys--? Okay. That's enough, Keyleth. I'm a big Magic The Gathering guy. Also with Travis and Laura, I hadn't played D&D before Liam's birthday. He was like, "Hey, we're doing this D&D thing." I was like, "D&D. Okay." I've known Liam the longest. Maybe you the longest, but he's like a brother to me, so I'll do whatever. I was like, "Yeah, I can play and stuff." That led to a bond and a friendship and experience that I can't replicate or pay any money or do anything to even compare to anything else to. This game has literally become the most important thing and most fun thing in my life. Every week. Through time and bullshitting around, we'd find and tweeted stuff and randomly in our privacy of our own game, and fucking now we're-- what the fuck is going on? Scanlan sends his regards as he's too busy fucking whores. Oh, that's right. Sorry, everyone. Matthew Mercer is great. Now you talk. (cheering) Yeah, I have to say, one of my favorite aspects of what this is, is we have-- and I said this to one of our fans, I signed something for her-- is Travis is one of my favorite things about the show. Tiberius is my favorite thing about the show. But Travis as a human being, there's a lot of-- it breaks down those stupid walls where it's like, no, it's not a bunch of introverts in somebody's basement. We have a big, hulking mass of a man, you know? That can beat all of us up. And he's there being as big of a geek as we are. And it breaks down the thing where women can't play, because you have these three gorgeous, badass women kicking ass and also playing Dungeons and Dragons. A lot of great things about this show that I love. So that was a cinnamon roll fail? For the record, I'm really shitty at math, so. Yeah, it's super weird! I've been YouTubing comedy stuff for a bit. They're mean. And our people are not mean and they're really intelligent and compassionate. It's fucki-- really great. Vax is stealthing into the crowd. I wanted that thing since he got it, and really-- No. And I was going to approach it several ways, and I talked to Matthew a lot outside the game. I never metagame, but I get really excited. I've been playing RPGs since I was ten, and so half the time I think of strategy as opposed to the player. I get really into that. Matthew's really good at, "Think of who you're dealing with, and then act accordingly." With Sam, he's an interesting fellow to begin with. I was going to pummel him to death. Really to get it back, at first. No, she wouldn't like that. So I didn't. That's the simple Silence, Telekinesis and then Fireball him to death. The thing is, I'm a UCB guy (Upright Citizens Brigade), he's also a funny guy. There you go, UCB! He's funny, I'm funny, I'll use funny. Then it was empty chalkboard. I was like, "Math? That'll be funny. I'll fucking come up with something." I figured more bees with honey. Or flies, I have no idea how that saying goes. You know what I was trying to say, right? Use the honey instead. I thought of that for a month, of how to get that back. For the math thing, yes. Wait, you did that for Skyrim too, didn't you? Yeah, what's your name again? They call him Percy, though. Tiberius, I named for two reasons. The first is, Tiberius Caesar is Caesar's father. I wanted the character, because it comes from a political height to your family, to have that weight behind it. And Stormwind-- This is, yes. I fart a lot. No. I was actually-- At the time, I was cracking the hell out of Skyrim. Again. It came out, and you were passing, and playing it again when we started the campaign, and I think it's a place in Skyrim, or it's like the Stormwind, or something like that. I was like, yeah, Stormwind, awesome. Yeah. Thank you. Two and a half years and some change years pass, yeah, I'm really creative. I've totally-- It's really hard not to curse, so I'm trying not to. I was like, wow, yeah, I came up with all that myself. And then I started playing Elder Scrolls Online again, bad. Love that game. I was, Dragonknight, cool. Fans were, hey, just try Dragonknight. And then I started playing and I'm like, "Draconic Power, Draconia, oh shit, I ripped off Skyrim the whole time! I'm not creative at "all!" Thanks for pointing that out, Marisha. I got your back. Translation He's a giant butthole. That whole thing was another one of my favorite Tiberius moments because he didn't deal with any of it. Tiberius jumped out the window while that shit was going down and Feather Fall to safety while these guys had to deal with that whole fucking thing. They go through this whole ordeal and they come out of this tower that's crumbling, barely with their lives and I'm like, "Oh, hello everyone." And then Sam throws shit on the dude's face. We've got another question. AUDIENCE It adds a whole other layer of-- Another question. AUDIENCE Yes! In all seriousness, the K'Varn fight is a really good example. Myself, Tiberius, was terrified of fighting a beholder because I knew, particularly as the only real caster of the group, as soon as I get in the eyesight of that thing, I'm useless. The reason that I didn't go in there at all is because if I did, I would be no use to anybody. I don't know the range. I'm not going to cheat. You don't come back from disintegration! You don't come back from death rays! They're called death rays for a reason! And then he throws it at us and I'm scared for a while. More like a butthole. One more question?