Greetings and salutations.  I am Tiberius Stormwind.  I hail from a town called Ty'rex,  located in the heart of Draconia,  born from a politically respected family. At the age of 15, I succeeded in passing the Sorcerer’s Rite,  showing prodigy-like control of my magic.  The judges and the Draconian high council were amazed at  how powerful my spells were for how long I had been training.  At 20 years old, I was the youngest appointed member  of the magic guild in Draconian history. For the  next few years, I almost went mad from the  malaise of being a guild member,  as it’s rather boring. However, one day I happened upon a chamber,  unused for quite some time.  In the room were stacks of books and maps  of the surrounding cities and areas  around the known world.  For months I would frequent the chamber, and learned  of artifacts from legend.  After a long period of research, I made a list of artifacts  that caught my eye.  I brought these findings to the high council and was told that  all of the information in the chamber I had stumbled upon  was either believed to be fiction, or unsolvable mysteries,  and hence were lost forever.  I found those answers to be unacceptable. A year later I devised a ruse and managed to  convince the city council to lend support  in me leaving Draconia on a mission of peace  and diplomacy for the surrounding kingdoms.  Going from town to town and making friends and allies,  in and for the name of Draconia.  Being a red dragonborn,  I had quite the task on my hands in that respect,  but it was exactly what I needed so I could explore  the world and find these artifacts,  as I felt the truth was out there. Some may describe me as buffoonish,  but I say poppycock to all that.  I am much sharper than most give me credit for.  I just don’t pay attention to things sometimes.  I’ve also been known to be rather cunning, loyal,  happy-go-lucky, and well, dangerous.  I can’t help but show my true scales every now and then.  But overall, I think I’m quite friendly for a Dragonborn.