Welcome everyone, to tonight's episode of Critical Role, a special Halloween edition. My name is Matthew Mercer. I am the dungeon master for this show. This wonderful show, where a bunch of us crazy voice actors get together and roll dice as a bunch of nerdy DND players. So. Welcome. For all the newcomers, I am not normally dressed this insane. We'll be revealing the rest of our cast here in just a moment. But yeah, before we get to that, I wanted to get through some quick announcements overall. Let's see. First and foremost, for those who missed the announcement yesterday unfortunately, Orion Acaba is no longer with Critical Role going forward. He has his own Twitch channel; he's pushing forward on all of that. Please go and show him support. We wish him the best; much love to him. Just to clarify, too there's been a lot of speculation stuff like that this was a corporate thing, and people putting all the blame on Geek and Sundry. This was a joint decision between Critical Role and Geek and Sundry-- all parties agreed. Please try and be respectful to everyone involved. Appreciate that. Other things going forward. We have our "How Do You Want To Do This?" shirt up on the website. We put that up last week and announced that, for those who are interested in getting that. Hopefully, they have restocked, because they were sold out really fast. Keep an eye on that and grab one if you're interested. Let's see. Also, today we had Vax'ildan's song playlist on Spotify go live on the website. So you can go watch or listen to "Songs to Stab People To," which is a pretty great little rendition there. Also, my interview went up today on the Geek and Sundry website, so you can go ahead and check out my talk and discussion and Q and A about the show and people involved and go read that and see if it tickles your fancy. [Geralt voice] I feel like I should be doing it like this for the rest of the night. Dungeon mastering down here for the remainder. It's a good plan. Let's see. Taliesin, you had an announcement? All righty, good announcement. I like it, it's a good announcement. Let's see, next up Liam, you wanted to mention something? I recommend waiting until after the stream. Yeah, you did. You're a unicorn. Looks fantastic. Oh man. That costume, Travis. I think I mentioned it before-- I'm pretty sure in one of my games we've had a time. (laughs) No. There you go. So ladies? Travis, what are you dressed as? (laughs) That's fantastic. Other side of the table, let's see. Who are you dressed as, Sam? That's okay, we'll find some duct tape for you. Awesome, it is awesome. Yeah, your monkey's been a little rough. Oh, that's amazing. All right, Taliesin. Yes, indeed, because he vanished. Put that right there. Be careful, or there's actually stabbing in real life as opposed to just the game today. That'll be fun. He'll learn in time. I have a problem. Well, the problem is being a huge fan of the Witcher series for a long time. But yeah, that's our crazy Halloween-ness. We'll kick back here in just a minute to start the game and see what the wonders and dangers of Whitestone bring to Vox Machina. See you in just a second. Welcome back. So to get you guys up to speed with the current situation, in our currently non-air conditioned studio-- great day for this to coincide. Vox Machina had an encounter with two individuals known as the Briarwoods, Lord and Lady Briarwood, who currently control Whitestone, the city that Percival-- Taliesin's character-- once lived in, his family once essentially ruled, before they were usurped and most of them murdered by the Briarwoods. So upon meeting them, a vengeance urge kicked up within Percival. The rest of the party following him to Whitestone to attempt to free the city from the clutches of the very seemingly evil and in some cases undead Briarwoods, as the Lord Briarwood appears to be vampiric in nature. After arriving, they had some stealth missions, they went around and discovered a fair warning on the Sun Tree, one of the central items of Whitestone, a relic of Pelor from long ago that the city was built around, now dead and holding a series of bodies hung from it, all dressed and painted to look like the members of Vox Machina. While they were there, they managed to find and hole up in an abandoned tavern. Closing the windows off, and after doing a little bit of digging, spoke to the head of the Lady's Chamber, the temple to Erathis to which Percival and most of the team seems to be interested in starting a rebellion in Whitestone. They planted the seed there to return to germinate at some point. And then began to follow a couple of individuals, or at least an individual that was partially responsible for the really honestly shitty social atmosphere in Whitestone. Following him back to a home, it was discovered that Sir Kerrion, one of the individuals responsible for the death of Percival's family, was still part of the ruling class here. The party then snuck in through the bottom of the building, stealthed into a full surprise ambush upon him and his compatriots. Murdered most of them. They took his toady, essentially, Vouk, and instead of murdering him, tore out his tongue and then burned the de Rolo family crest into his forehead-- I know, but it's fun to push it that way. But yeah, with his tongue removed and the symbol burned into his forehead, he was thrown out the window, and the party then escaped into the night rain, returning to their tavern, and that was where we left off. So. As you guys come in from the soaking-wet rain that seemed to have been now pouring continuously through the city of Whitestone, you come to the quiet of your tavern, the sun beginning to find its way, setting across the evening sky. What would you like to do? I don't know what you mean. What are you doing Vax? Come on. Well, we're going to learn! I don't think Scanlan's going to have a problem tonight. You guys just now returned to the tavern. It's starting to push later into the evening, now you guys have returned to the tavern. Not yet. It's been fairly fresh since you even started the word of it. Yes, you were, and you're finding your way through, there doesn't appear to be anyone following. Plus there was a large distraction with Sir Kerrion's homestead being lit on fire. The rain taking care of most of it, but it drew people out of their homes to see this giant blazing symbol of the de Rolo family burning across the rooftop. So a message was definitely left and probably received by somebody, and what are your plans? You're back in the tavern where you guys were. You guys have made your way to the inn, if you all wanted to go down and to the tree-- Okay. All right. Okay. Do they? You may. 18. Go ahead and roll a dice, Percival. Actually, I'll roll it for you. What's your bonus? For both persuasion and deception. Okay. He seems very earnest, very broken. Confused, but driven, and there isn't any part of his voice that seems to conceal or attempt to hold back any information. Yeah, go ahead and make a religion check. Suiting. I mean, there are all sorts of extraplanar entities throughout the realms that have their own individual descriptions. You don't have a whole lot of experience outside of the realm of mortals. You've had a few interactions with things that skew beyond that realm. While you get that he's saying it may just be a dream, you know that there are multitudes of creatures that thrive on these types of bargains. You do know that many of these bargains in the long run do not end up being wholly in the person's favor who struck it. You went to the Alcove-- no, you have not been to the Alcove. Correct. You went to the Lady's Chamber and you spoke briefly with Keeper Yennen. And you went to Beyond the Horizon, which was abandoned and partially collapsed. Yeah, it's an arcane boutique, yes. Right now, I would say, based on preparation, the illusion-casting, conversation, you're looking at about 900, 930 in the evening. So you're looking for undead? Okay. You feel a surrounding presence scattered throughout the city, some large, some small. You can gather over a period of time of concentration, you can feel the slow movement of the zombie giants moving through the city, the sentinels slowly tromping through, and a number of other undead entities there. I would say yes, there appears to be a little more haste and movement to what entities you can-- and you can't pinpoint specifics, but you do sense that there is a heightened state of movement, to what you've previously sensed. So you're all down at the bottom of the tunnel by the roots of the Sun Tree? And you have Hallucinatory Terrained the cellar? What? What's the DC of your spell? Of all your spellcasting, what's the DC? Correct. If something were interested in doing so. So who's taking first watch? Okay. It's tight quarters. And you know, other than either a magical light or torch someone wants to put up, there is no light source. It is pitch black down here. What are you guys using as a light source, or are you leaving it pitch dark? All righty. So, you guys take first watch, rest is till about 11PM or midnight or so. You guys finish. Who's taking second watch? All right, we've got Grog and Vax. All right so, you guys-- As you guys are having this conversation, the air down here, it's damp earth. It's chilled in the night, anyway, but it's a little warmer because you're under the ground, and it's absorbed some of the heat of the day. But it is getting noticeably colder. Yeah, just as the evening progresses. The temperature at night here-- Comparable, yeah. There's a low mist begins to form within the tunnel from the temperature. Make an insight check. Yeah, go ahead and roll. Okay. You step forward and take a good long look at the fog that is slowly beginning to form at the base of the tunnel you guys are in. As you lean forward and take it in, the fog begins to form into a physical humanoid essence and reach out for you. For the three that are conscious, roll initiative. All right. So Grog back in the fog, Vex is waking up the back, Trinket asleep next to her. Percy, Scanlan. Indeed, all right. This will go there for now. I can't move in this. Great. All right, so. Get some initiatives on this. For Grog? 17, all righty. Okay, Laura? 22, all right, and? 18. Good to know. So Vex, Grog, then you rolled a what? Oh, sorry, Vax. Vex, you rolled a-- 22, right, Grog you were a-- 17, okay. So Grog, this is technically a surprise round on you, then we'll get back to you guys on top of the initiative. You can see now, the mist has formed into a pale humanoid, with two more now that have rolled in. These pale-looking, intensely feral human beings with elongated fangs emerge from this mist and immediately lunge out towards you. So, first and foremost, the one that lunges out at Grog is going to shift to the side there. Is going to make a claw attack against you. That is a 20 to hit? That hits. All right, you take eight points of slashing damage-- or no, you do not, actually. Instead, it is going to attempt to grapple you. Not attempt, it grapples you. So it reaches out and grasps on to some of the hide armor you have tied around your shoulder, pulls you in, and is going to attempt to sink its teeth into your actual body. That's true. (laughter) Good. That is a 17 versus armor class. Okay, so it attempts to bite into you, you move out of the way just in time, and that little bit of chain mail, that practically useless piece of chainmail wrapped around your giant thick neck does manage to catch its fangs and deflect the attack initially. LIAM and This one is going to swoop in as you are now currently grappled by the other one. It's going to attempt to grab you on the other side. That is a 21 to hit, so it's going to grapple you. And this one is also going to now reach up with its claws to pull down the chain mail, grasps you there. Since it's a surprise round, natural 20. All right, so you take five points of piercing damage, and-- And 11 points of necrotic, and your maximum hit points are reduced by 11. So this third one over here is going to attempt to come after you, Vax, closest to it. That is a 24 to hit. Okay, to reduce the damage? That's 2d4 slashing against you. Ten points of slashing damage. Yes, it's going to try to claw you again. That's a 12. Yeah, so the first one slashes across the side of your shoulder, but you manage to pull out of the way just in time to lessen the impact. This, however, sets you up for the easily dodged second blow. You swoop out of the way just barely in time, feeling the wind (whoosh) above your head. That ends their turn. Now we're at the top of the initiative order surprise round. This would not have been enough noise to wake you guys yet, so you're going to hold on until somebody can get your attention. Top of the round will be Vex. You have nowhere to hide in this room, unfortunately. You get the idea that these creatures probably aren't largely affected by the dark. Okay. The one that's most visible to you would probably be this one going after your brother. You mark that one. All righty, go for it. Yes, you did. 31 definitely hits. Oh, 31 damage. (laughs) Okay. All righty. No, unfortunately it dodges out of the way. Its reflexes are very quick. Right, so as you pull back, you release, and with a flash of burning energy, your arrow ignites mid-transit. It blasts and bursts into the vampiric creature, who hisses at you (snarls) through the dark. The second arrow, however, it's completely ready for and actually manages to swipe it out of the air with its clawed hand. Okay, that ends your turn. Next up is Vax. Correct. Dagger, dagger, dagger! What you got? Yep. Yeah, the first one was? 18. Yeah. They all hit; not a problem. All righty. Cool, so you click your Boots of Haste. You feel the influx of adrenaline hit your body, the magical push. You take the daggers and (daggers flying) the vampire in front of you tries to swipe out of your hands, but you're too fast; you've already released all three before he even gets to your wrist and pull back, grinning at it. All three daggers (dagger impacts) repeatedly, hitting nearly the same point like an amazing throwing of darts. Just smack, smack, smack into the center of the chest of the vampire across the way. It's distracted by Grog; it doesn't see them coming until it is too late, and it screeches out in pain (screeching) towards you. The eyes help on this, huh? A nice and sizable chunk of damage. All righty, that ends your turn, unless you want to try to move? All right. Grog, you're up. Please do. All righty, go for it. 15 just barely hits. Yeah, you are. (chuckles) 16 on the first one. All right. That guy on the left, the one that just got three daggers to its chest. As the dagger vanishes from its wound, it looks over at you, at your already big grin, mid-swing (wham). The warhammer blasts into its chest, a burst of fire wreathing around its torso for a second. It gets pushed up against the wall. This time, you go to swing with all your might on your second blow, trying to smash it up against the earth that you guys have carved this tunnel out of. It ducks out of the way in split-second timing, and your hammer gets wedged into the side of the wall. Go ahead and make an athletics check. Nine. It's pretty well wedged in there right now. All right, so. Now this one's going to shift over this way towards you, Percy. As you're on the ground prone still, just coming to consciousness. He just (snarls) and lunges out towards you. This one's going to move here, placing in that position, this one's going to stay there. All right, so the one rolling against you, Grog. It still has you-- no, the one that had you grappled walked away towards Percy. The other one's going to attempt to grapple you. That was 18? Misses. You slap aside with your hand as you still try to pull the warhammer out of the wall, and then it gets clotheslined by the grip you have on it. It's going to try to strike you with its claws for the second attack. That's a ten. Yeah, no. You (swish) out of its way, laughing in its face. The one against you, Percy, where you're on the ground prone. Oh okay, that'll be an 18? It grabs you by the front of your shit and lifts you up with that hissing sound. Yeah, that'll be a 25. It pulls you in and sinks its fangs into the side of your throat. You can feel yourself gasp out in pain as the cold sensation pulses through your body, the actual life's blood being drained from you. Okay, you take four points of piercing damage, and you take eight points of necrotic damage, and your maximum hit points are reduced by eight. Roll again. So you're now grappled and held there. It's pulling the blood out of your throat, you're caught off guard and completely just confused, frightened, and in serious pain at this moment. All right, and the one that's Hunter's Marked, that's against you. It's going to attempt to grab you. That's a 20? Okay, no damage. It's just going to grab you. And it goes in to attempt to go through your throat. You being prepared for this, having been subjected to this once before, you bring a dagger up towards its face and it just barely manages to pull out of the way before you thrust it up through the bottom of its neck. You manage to deflect the attack. All right, the people who just woke up, roll initiative, please. Which, for the record Scanlan, as a fan mentioned to me this last week, your jack-of-all-trades ability as a bard that gives you plus two to all things you're not proficient in also adds to your initiative, technically. So you have a plus two to your initiative. I've had this brought up multiple times, if it's not true. It's been clarified by a couple of publications that have been sent to me when I questioned it. We'll consider that hat the plus two bonus. Oh snap. Scanlan next to Vax. Nice. 12. All right, Percy? Wow. All right, so we are now at the top of the round. This puts us to Vex and Percy going simultaneously. You know what? Yes, go ahead and roll your first attack. Yeah, all right. So unfortunately, the first arrow-- there is too much movement to the bodies. It doesn't strike true, so you do not have advantage on this check. Acrobatics or athletics, your choice. All righty. 28. You manage to break the grapple. You can, yes. Technically, yeah. All right, go for it. (laughter) It's a plus-one rapier. But your archery you took, I think was your combat? Correct, to what you normally get. So you have a overall plus one. No, sorry. Minus one is the total from what you get for your pistols, for your Pepperbox. The magical rapier offsets that a bit. 25 hits. Go ahead and roll a third time. Okay, so the first strike sinks true. That's 1d8 plus what's your strength modifier? Well, no it would be dex. Plus one damage on top of that because it's a plus-one weapon. Nine damage. All right. So your first swing, the speed of your ability to break this grapple and then immediately pull this weapon and jam it forward. It pierces part of the body and pull out, the creature all of a sudden reaches over and grabs its side instinctually. You go for two more strikes; however, being the first time in a long time that you've ever held a rapier and still with your other hand holding your throat in severe pain, it flings forward twice. The second time, the creature actually grabs it and pulls you in towards it. So yeah. You're now considered re-grappled. So you can take another attack. Oh, 18 plus stuff? Yeah. Go ahead and roll damage. This is against the one that's on Percy, still, or the one that's against your brother? Too late. 16, all right. This arrow, however, does manage to sink into its side. It protrudes about four inches from its body; it's pretty deep into its torso, breaking a couple of ribs, but you see the creature, being the undead nature of its physicality, it's not looking too great, but it's not at the end of its rope right now. All right, that ends that. Scanlan, you're up. There are three of them, yes. You can currently, yes. So Scanlan, you use your movement to pee. Can you do that? I don't know if you can use multiple slots on a turn, can you? It creates an additional dart per spell level, so it's initially three, and it's three levels higher, it gets to six. Essentially, yeah. I'd be 6d4 plus six. And they hit automatically. There is no roll for it. No, they unerringly hit. They're like homing arcane projectiles. Six times. I know. Okay, so five against him. All righty. All righty. So as you get up-- I think Scanlan is pretty proficient in this. I'm just saying. All right, so. Happy Halloween! Okay, so. As you sign your signature on the ground, you also burst forth with a series of arcane bolts that streak across the room, slamming into the sides of each of these vampires. They all look towards you as a reaction to the pain, and their heads all turn curiously as to what they see. Not what they were expecting. All right, that's your movement and your action. I think that's your turn, right? If you want to use one, yeah. All right. Take your d10 inspiration die, Grog. Oh man, I get a d10 inspiration for that. Good night, everybody! And we're done. All right. Vax, you're up. All right, Vax is now going after Grog. Right. Grog, you're up. Okay, you can use one of your attacks to. Go ahead and make an athletics check. Yeah you (sucking noise) pull your hammer out without an issue. You're embarrassed at the fact that it was even embedded in what is essentially hard earth, and you still couldn't pull it free. But now it's blazing with flames; it's tight in your grasp. What are you going to follow it up with? Okay. Yes, you can. 21 hits. Yep, both hit. Go ahead and roll damage plus ten to each. To which one, the one that's next to Percy or the one that's in front of you here? All righty. All right. 29 damage, jeez. So, the one that's harassing you. Chuckling at the fact that you've currently been unable to really prove your might as a goliath in front of these individuals, you grin as you pull it back and (wham) slam it directly in the face of it. It rears back, (growls) confused for a second. You can see a crack in its jaw and blood beginning to trickle down its jaw. You pull back and slam it a second time, this time with a resounding crack sound, as part of its jaw is dislodged and set to the side, its tongue dangling out, and dark black blood begins to pour from the center of its mouth as it looks to you with absolute fear. That was pretty rough. All righty, you want to do anything with your movement? All right. This one? Okay. It will get an attack of opportunity on you. Are you cool with that? All right. With advantage because reckless attack. That is a 22. All right. You are raging, so you take ten points, so now five points of slashing damage. All righty. That brings us to Vax. Now it is your turn. No, Grog moved away. All right. So those all hit. (dagger impacts) You jam the dagger into its torso. It's trying to stop and slap the hands away, but you're too fast and the final hit, you push it up, and you're right in its face again; you can see its fangs still wet with the blood that it pulled from your throat, and you grin at it back as you withdraw the dagger with much force and anger. Getting that on a jacket now. Vampires ain't shit. All right, cool. That ends your turn, unless you want to move or do anything else? All right. Now it's their turn. You notice, by the way this round, specifically, as they're looking a little more wounded, their flesh begins to slowly reform. The wounds they've taken begin to seal up and the pouring of blood begins to slowly turn into a trickle. It's true. All righty. This one's going to move up to here. Yeah, you're last. I mean, you'll be getting up this turn. Well, you're awake. You woke up, you're just prone. Real Grog-gy. Sorry, I'm so sorry. It's canon. (laughter) Yeah. Only time that it works. Speaking of which. Percy, it's your turn. Oh, I'm sorry, it's their turn on you. There's two of them now, ganging up on you. Natural 20. That's a 20 and a 15. All right. Well, you take 14 points of slashing damage from the claw. The second attack, it attempts to slash you a second time. You manage to dodge out of the way, putting your back up against the wall to barely avoid its grasp. However, the second one lunges towards you, attempting to grab you. That is a 19? 19 hits. No damage, but now it's grabbed you and shoved you up against the wall. It takes one hand and jams it up under your chin to push your head up and goes for your throat. Rolls a one. As it goes to bite your throat, you pull Pepperbox up and jam it into its mouth. It (choking). It has to pull back from the attack, and you can see now this vampire saliva is all over the barrel of the gun, and it may have chipped a tooth. All right, that finishes their turn. Keyleth, you're up. There's two of them right there on Percy. They have him grabbed and shoved against the wall. There's one over here that's battling back and forth with Vax. At which one? You're probably going to have to move to get them both in a line. You can move there to do it, yes. Okay, so you slide alongside Scanlan-- Yeah, no, you were technically in melee with this guy, but there is no attack roll, so you don't have disadvantage, which is good. All right, so. Well, yeah, go ahead and do that. Each creature has to make a constitution saving throw. It's 6d8 radiant damage, and they have disadvantage on the saving throw because they are undead. So the first one-- that is a 14, nope. Second one, no. Third one-- no, rolled a one. All right, so all of them take full damage. Okay, well. (chuckles) So both of these vampires currently have Percy pinned up against the wall. One of them is trying to bite his throat, and Percy's trying to keep it at bay with his weapons. Keyleth, you step forward-- Right, you feel the inspiration, based on the presence of the Sun Tree, and what previously you were attempting to try and repair it with. Using that, you close your eyes and a burst of sunlight energy cascades forth, slamming into both the vampires and barely missing Percy in the process. Both of them look over out of the corner of their eye as they see the flash of light. They both scream out (screeches) as the blast shoots through both of them. Both of them immediately turn to ash and are strewn against the far wall. There is one alive, yes, that's right next to you. Currently, yes. This side here? Okay, is it a bonus action for Grasping Vine? What's the roll for that? I'm looking for the roll for Grasping Vine real fast. Dexterity saving throw. With the DC, it's 17. 18. No, that gets it. All right. That brings us to the top of the round. Vex and Percy, it's your go. All right, go ahead and roll for a melee attack. Correct. And you're using your dexterity as the bonus. Simple weapon, which you're proficient with. That is a 19? Does hit, yes. Roll for second attack. 14 does not hit. All right, so go ahead and roll 1d4. Add your dex modifier. All right, so you take the heavily-sharpened wooden dagger, essentially. You jam it into its chest. It screeches out in pain, the wooden stake itself partially destroyed in the process of jamming it in to do so much damage. It reaches up grabs it and breaks it off, and part of it still in its chest, goes (growling hiss). Hisses at you angrily. All right, that ends your turn? Yeah, that was two attacks. Well, he's not currently grappled per se; he's just held against the wall. You can still move away if you want. It'll just take a swipe at you. Okay. Trinket is cheering you on (bear noises) from the back wall. Percy. You're not entirely certain. You know that sunlight is very damaging to it, and from your research, you know that vampires of certain levels of power, as opposed to dying, turn into a mist form and attempt to retreat. 28 hits. Hits. All right, all three hit. All right. Ten points, got it. All right, so you slam the rapier three times into its body, leaving these large gaping wounds. It's looking like it's hurt, and its eyes are darting about, gauging its chances. That'll be your turn, unless you wish to move. Okay, so you're back there. As you back away, it sees the opportunity and reaches out with its claws towards you. That is a nine. Okay. All right, that ends your turn, Percy. Scanlan, you're up. Yeah, it's right here. You're right there. (chuckles) Okay. Yeah, it is. That was about 3d4 worth. There we go. Yeah, it's a wisdom saving throw. No, it does not make it with a six. So, you cast Vicious Mockery at 3rd level? It's 3d4 damage. It does take it and it has disadvantage on its next attack roll. No, I was thinking of another spell. Go for it. Eight points of damage. How do you want to do this? (cheering) So as it's trying to take its chances, it turns to go ahead and flee. Sees Grog, looks over and hears you going "Hey, toothy!" Looks over back at you. One of the weaknesses of a vampire is running water. Technically, it needs to be a large amount of running water, but this creature is on death's door and based on the fact that it is right on the edge of passing out, anyway, the bit of your-- Yes, streaks across the front of the vampire as it turns around. Grog just instinctually slams it with the hammer and smashes it into the ground. It's hard to say which killed it, but you're pretty sure it was you. Which, for the record, as you high five him, there is a bit of spatter across your hand. Right now it's a little after midnight. Go ahead and make an intelligence check. Yeah. It's hard to say. You don't understand a lot of the nature of undead; it's not your forte and things have been weird around here. You have no idea. All right. It is, and you're surrounded by a number of bottles of wine-- Pop open the wine, share a bottle, and you all manage to find your way back to sleep. Who's taking watch now? Okay, so you two take the next watch. (chuckles) All right, the three of you take this watch. All right, a few hours of awkward conversation-- It's Geralt, thank you very much. I will attack both of you. (laughs) Oh man. All right, so after you guys take your watch, with seeming no incident, although some awkward conversation and a few jabs here and there. Final watch, who's taking that? All right, Grog is up. And Trinket does like staying awake with you, Grog. You both understand each other on a very feral and unintelligent level. Eventually, everyone's managed to gather your evening's rest. You come to consciousness, the cold morning greets you. No seeming further incident in the cellar during the evening. I would like everyone to make a wisdom saving throw, please. Wisdom saving throw. Your thing help you? Okay. Wisdom saving throw. There you go. Okay. Keyleth? So as you all come to consciousness, I would like you to put another point of corruption on your sheet. Tell you in a second. Oh, you're still coughing. You guys all come back to consciousness. Cold morning greets you. Food probably is going to be in order pretty soon. You guys didn't get much of a meal the evening before, and you're all still a little sore after your evening's rest. You've pushed through and recovered from your exhaustion from your frenzied rage. You guys looked through. You found some jerky, some dried food that's serviceable. Not the best, but serviceable. All right. Going forward, the sadistic tendencies that you've been exerting through a lot of this event are becoming harder and harder to control. Be mindful that when you strike to kill, you strike to torture before you do. Yep. Everyone else rolled above a ten. All right, so. You finish your meal. Looking outside, what little bit of the windows you can see, since you covered them all with cloth, there's a little bit of daylight peeking through. It's soft daylight. It looks like, while it's not raining, there is still a cloud-covered sky. What is your plan of action? Those hit points have all come back, by the way, guys. Over the night, the hit points you lost on your hit point total have been returned. Yeah, from the bite? That recovers after a long rest. What? Don't-- My brain doesn't work-- (laughs) It's hot in here. Gnome bard wizard over here. There you go. Okay, good to know. All right. Dorito. A strange elven term for flatmate. All right, so, as you guys press out into the day's sun, we'll take a quick break. We'll be back here in five minutes to continue this. See you guys shortly. [break] Oh, yeah! I used to have that, man. You should be Baron Samedi for that one. He's one of the characters you can play in that. God, that thing was so awful. It's going to be so great. Whose turn is it? You. You are banished. Oh, that guy was so good. (laughs) Man, Nightmare. That's almost as good as Experience Bij. All right, so. Quick announcement we have for you guys right now, as well. Tonight's episode, if you haven't seen from the setup, is actually sponsored by Tor Books, which is awesome. If you guys aren't familiar with Tor, you need to go check out what they have. I grew up reading a lot of the stuff that Tor published. They're one of the major publishers of science fiction and fantasy out there. They've been going for a long time. I was raised on a lot of their spectrum. Right now, they're pushing the awesome New York best-selling book Shadows of Self. Yes. That's the one. Which Felicia really, really enjoyed, and if you guys have the opportunity to go check it out, please do so. Their stuff is awesome. So thank you, Tor. I think that's it. So if everyone's back here, let's go ahead and-- oh, there he is. I was waiting for Burt to return. Oh, it's a sleeping monkey. You ever been mistaken for a man? Come on, you've got to know the response to that. Thank you, Laura. Grog has disadvantage on his next attack. (groaning) Yeah, probably. We'll see when we get there. All right, so. Down. (laughs) I will Quen all over your ass. I got Aard signs all day, yo. All right, anyway. So. What are the groups? You guys are splitting up across the city? Good. So. He was shot in the face by Percy. This was Vouk. Based on this conversation happening now? No. You have already transformed everybody into the original-- Except you have a lazy eye, which is different. Yeah, you do. Crazy old woman eyes. Just like that. Indeed. So you and Scanlan continue off into the city. Okay. All right. There is a radius to it, I believe. They have to stay within a certain area of you. I can just look it up right here. I would do that, yeah. I would recommend looking up your spells. The Alcove would be on the northwest side of it. The four of you head off towards the Alcove. Heading out into the day, the cloud cover is pretty thick. There is just general moisture and mist to the air. It probably could rain any second. You continue moving towards the northwestern side of the town. You do notice, in comparison to previous days, there is a little more energy to the streets. People seem to be moving back and forth with hustle and business. You do also see, as you head on your way out, there is still a slight bit of smoke slowly swimming up from the house in the distance, and what minor embers were not put out by the rainfall, it's just a little trace of smoke. That was the eastern. Yeah, that one is partially burned down. So as you continue heading northwest, you eventually make your way to where you recall the Alcove was. Now, when you get there, it's a relatively plain-looking building. Dark woods. There's a sign out front that says The Alcove. It's old. The metal that holds the sign has rusted a bit. The doors are open, and as you push into the building, it's largely empty and seemingly unkempt, compared to the previous oddity shops you've been to. Many books about enchantment look left out on one of the nearby tables, partially read and abandoned as if they were being flipped through. And then as you look across the room, behind the counter, there's a young girl in her late teens, a blonde waif of a girl, who's currently thumbing through a book and notices you guys enter. "Oh! Hi. Can I help you?" "Simon was called away for a special project by the Briarwoods about six months ago. He told me "to look over the store while he's gone. I'm sorry, we're mostly out of stock. We don't have much here "at the moment." "I don't know. He lives in the castle now. I mean, he would visit every week or so, but he "hasn't been back in almost a month, and I'm a little worried." "No, unfortunately. He was the real enchanter here. I'm just trying to do my best to "learn what I can while he's gone." She gives you a look and looks about the room for a moment. "The Briarwoods have been very "fair and just rulers of this land." She's gathered as much and is seemingly offput by the whole presentation. "The Briarwoods "are just and fair, and we should not speak ill of them in public." Make a perception check. Looking around the room, there doesn't appear to be any specific devices installed, whether magical or otherwise, that would pertain to immediate-- She leans in a little bit and goes, "Hold on." And she runs off behind the counter. Heads back and closes the doors behind where you guys entered. Heads back and gets behind the counter. "I'm sorry. I don't recognize any of you, and you're bringing up rather dangerous statements. "What can I help you with? We don't have much." And she reaches down and pulls out a couple of small glass vials. Simple healing potions, you can already see. You've worked with these type of things before. She pulls up a small metal rod. "One of these?" Okay. She gives you a look and says, "It's dangerous to draw that around here, sir." She gets a little more comfortable as soon as you do. "What are you doing here?" "Here? Why?" "The Briarwoods are after you? I can't have you here! You'll bring them right to me!" Make a persuasion roll. Yes, big number. It's a very large die. I'd say no. Not at this point. You're the one that originally spurred her worry. She gives you a look. "Look, if I'm going to let you stay here, I need to know more about what it is that "you're trying to accomplish here. Raising the symbol of the de Rolos? I've never seen any of you "in the city before in my life." "Anything's better than this misery." She shakes her head and, "Foolish minds. The de Rolos have been dead for five years." "Really?" This moment of tension with Jordana awkwardly staring at these all very intently looking dirty peasants. With a donkey. Just talking about names. Make a persuasion roll. [no audio] Immovable Rod, but yes. One greater healing and two regular. All right. She pushes it all towards you guys and says, "I have practically no one, and I "can't be much help. I'm not a fighter." All right. "Follow me." She leads you to the back, and there's this very, very small room that looks like it used to be her father's room. It's dusty. Most of it has been untouched, except for the bed. She walks in. "This is all I have to offer. It's not much, but it's available." "As safe as anything is here. Just don't go outside." It's about nine feet up. Maybe about two feet of rafters. Very simple. Very plain. Sure, go for it. Okay. It's hard to tell. She's young, and she seems definitely earnest and plain with her forthrightness. Yeah, there doesn't appear to be any sort of deception. "It's kept, but I recommend talking to Keeper Yennen if you haven't. He's one of the "social centerpieces of the remaining good folk in the city." His reach is far. He'd be the one to talk to. Well, don't stay here long. That will draw attention. Her shoulders slump a little bit. She's like, "All right. I'll prepare as best I can." And she starts reaching over and starts pulling these thin blankets out from a nearby cabinet and goes, "Well? Go!" All right, now you guys. After about a minute or so of walking, you do see what looks to be a young man carrying a satchel over his shoulder. It looks like it's filled with a few small pieces of parchment that are rolled up. He's in a brisk walk somewhere. "If you're looking for a drink," And he points over down the road, and he's really put off by it and is trying to keep his face out of your breath. "You're going to look for the Journey's "End. Two blocks down that way, to the right. It's not much business during the day." As you walk away, you hear him mutter under his breath, "What's this world coming to?" And he continues on his brusque pace. You are now at the Journey's End tavern. It's pretty barren. You walk inside. There are two employees. One who is behind the bar and is currently reading through a book. The second is currently pouring a drink for the one patron that's in there, what looks to be a slovenly looking gentleman who's sitting at a table drinking his woes away. He's currently going through what looks like a ledger of some kind, and there's a tavern employee with an apron on. He's this younger, red-headed boy, who's trying to fill a flagon while this gentleman at the table is cursing at him to the side. Other than that, it's empty. Three. "All right. Okay, I'll be right back," and he walks off, looking a little confused. (chuckles) "That's cute. Water it is." And he's walking off. The patron now, a closer look man in his late forties. Has a protruded jawline, little bit of an underbite. Thinning brown hair, and he's got some smears of dirt on his face. Looks like he's been crying, and is slumped over the table, looking over this ledger. He slams it shut as you sit down with a very, very loud (impact noise). Glances sidelong towards you and says, "What the "fuck are you doing coming and bothering a man in the middle of his meal?" "You're telling me. Ain't no living to be had in Whitestone these days. "It's nothing but misery." "That's the worst fucking part, is you know there's always an easy exit." "What, you think the folks who've taken their life to this point? You think that's the "end, but no, not in this town. No, they just get right back up the next day. There is no way out." "Talking about the whole business. There is no escaping this misery. Either you try and stay "alive and exist in this bullshit, or you die and become one of them. I've been trying to find a way "out of this city for months now, but they're always watching." "That ain't going to happen, mate. Sorry." "No, it's okay. Let the boy speak. Let your boy speak! What were you saying?" (laughing) Man, that's a layered check. Make a persuasion and a deception roll, back to back. Yes. What's your bonus?! Okay, so 29. I was like, (explosion sounds). All right. Gives you a stern look. "Huh. Well, it'd be nice, for a change, that there'd be someone up to fucking fight for this shithole of a place." He goes, "Oh no. No need for that. Going to make me lose my appetite. Hate the sound of a "grown man crying. Chin up!" And he takes and flicks a coin at your face. "Look, if what he's saying's true, and we've got some sort of savior making their way into "town, well. Let's hope they're at least a little more prepared than the last ones." "The uprising three years ago. Are you new to this fucking town?" "Okay, first and foremost, you've got to treat your boy better. Going to raise someone no "better than the motherfuckers running Whitestone right now if you keep this up." "I think you should. But one thing if he ever does anything else to hurt you again, you "come tell someone. Two if you hear anything else about this savior coming into town, go ahead and "talk to Trevor over there, at the edge of the bar." And you see over there, there's the guy who's behind the bar with his book. He doesn't even notice all this happening. Guy in his mid-thirties, glasses at the end of his nose, his hair's slicked back and pulled into a taut ponytail, and he's sitting there reading. And he says, "Go ahead and tell Trevor, because the rest "of us would like to go out in a blaze of glory than live in this bullshit." "Not important to much, but you can call me Patrick." He's listening in. Go for it. He seems honest. Seems he's got not much to lose and his interest is piqued, but he's not wholly invested in this whole idea. But it's definitely caught his attention. "Well, let's get "him up." Stands up, reaches over and grabs you by the arm, lifts you up onto the stool on the side of the table and says, "Up, you." Pats you on the back. "You need to sober up, drink the water you "got for your boy, there, and get your ass out of here." He gives you a keen glance and nods slowly as you walk away. Looks over at the bartender for a second, and, "Psst! Trevor!" And then you exit the building. All right, you guys all convene at the Lady's Chamber. The other day, there were a few folks walking through the courtyard. Today, there's a group of about 25 people, all different dress, from what would be considered a Whitestone middle class, the few there are, to a number of other peasantry, farmhands, and other folk that look destitute by nature of existence here. All gathered in the amphitheater, and what appears to be a relatively hushed sermon or discussion currently going on by Keeper Yennen. Okay, sit in the back. He begins talking for a while about a long tangent, speaking of, "This "land, once cherished, is a burning light and a beacon of good existence, of kinship, of honesty "and loyalty, dragged down to the muck by the imposition of darkness, the return of the evil "that once scourged this land. Now given new faces, they push us down, and as hope crumbles, the light "peeks through once again, for whispers have come to my ears, friends, that this unrest now has a "name. I'm sure you've seen it, the fire atop that building this morning, watched as one of your "oppressors was cut from his high throne. One of his close advisors scarred, tortured, shown the "strength of this hidden ally of us, the oppressed peoples of Whitestone." And he looks up over the group a little bit and past the streets, carefully. "I have come to believe that perhaps this is the "time for us to band together and show our support. Now, the information is still vague, but just keep "your eyes open. Be careful, be quiet. As things progress, word will find you." Bows his head and says a prayer that-- none of you speak Celestial? All righty. The essence of the prayer is By the guidance of the Lady, may civilization flourish and those that keep progression at bay be squashed beneath our feet. At which point the sermon breaks, and people begin to walk away and scatter. Everyone is silent. Everyone is quiet, and everyone is looking warily and making their own separate paced exits, so as not to draw attention. Okay. You keep as best a mental image of everyone who's passing by. Not too many notable folk. They look like, especially where you're from, the peasantry doesn't really interest you visually, but you do manage to gather details of certain scars here and there, and people, hair color, age, stuff like that. Keeper Yennen. Actually, Scanlan, you and Keyleth both recognize some of the farmers. You guys have all gathered. You recognize two of the individuals at this were the farmers you initially saw on the outskirts of Whitestone when you did your little scouting mission earlier. Yeah. So from all the people you've encountered, those are the only two that you specifically recognize so far, but it does appear to be made up of-- Yeah, the foundation of this city that have been so long oppressed. Okay. You can see as he begins putting out some of the incense, he looks over and sees, "Ah, "yes. You've returned. Please, follow me." And he steps outside of the amphitheater and around the back of it. Okay. Around the back of the amphitheater, you see there is constructed, attached to the very far end of this round half-dome, a square brick building. Very simple. And as he ushers you all inside, it's essentially a tea room. There's a table, there's a tea set up there, there is a small stove in the far end with a little fire-burning stove, and shelves and shelves and shelves arranged with all different manner of small sculptures, metalwork, holy symbols of Erathis that have all been put on display. Each one has a name carved beneath it. And you recognize this, Percy. This is the legacy of all the Keepers of the Lady's Chamber over time, their symbols. This is basically a Hall of Previous Keepers. "Please, sit. Have tea if you like, if "you're so interested. We have much to discuss. So. I am to believe that these allies you spoke of "previously were responsible for this dastardly attack on Sir Kerrion?" "Well, I have spoken privately with a number of the remaining community leaders of our town, "and they are unconvinced. Understand, this isn't the first time an insurrection has been attempted, "and much sorrow was endured after previous failures. We keep hope best we can, but without a "solid plan, we are sending the rest of our able-bodied into the abyss." "Well, in a similar fashion, we had a number of fed-up individuals decide to finally raise some "sort of aggressive act against the castle and attempt to storm it by force. We figured we had "the numbers. There are many dangers in that castle that go beyond what we were prepared for. As such, "the few that survived, well. They met the fate most do at the Sun Tree these days. So we've been "remiss to put ourselves in a similar position for many years now. To make matters worse, our "informant within the castle has gone silent these past few weeks. We have no idea of the progression "of the Briarwoods' plot." "No. Simon has been missing for some time, actually." "I don't know the name. The information comes through-- actually, he should be arriving "here in just a moment." "All that we know is they've been rebuilding or repurposing something old and terrible beneath "the city. I've only heard whispers of it referred to as the ziggurat." LAURA, TRAVIS, and "Now, to go into the deep history of this city, as you are outsiders, legend speaks of a "seed, that the Sun Tree was placed by Pelor himself to seal a wound in the light. Whitestone "rose around it. The fable has long been told, but ever since those fiends took the city, their "interest beneath the city has kept me thinking on this fable. Leaves me very unsettled. And as the "Sun Tree slowly died, so did our confidence. Further--" At which point, the door across the room opens. (creak) And another enters the room. A very elderly man steps in, his ragged robes draped on his very thin, frail form. His weathered skin is dark and leathery. He's nearly hairless on his head and has liver spots all over his scalp. One of his eyes is clouded over and white. He shimmies in very slowly. "I ask you strangers, what makes you so sure you can change the tide of this battle?" As old as he may be, there is a subtle power and resonance and confidence to his voice. There's a force of personality and conviction that immediately leads you to believe that this man is or once was a man of great power and respect. There are two windows. They are currently shut with curtains. You, Percy, recognize this man. He was once the chancellor to your father, and a long-respected philosopher in Whitestone known as Archibald Desnae. Desnae. He was very well-respected. Very stern, and crotchety at times, but very much aided your family in holding the city together in times of strife. Reaches out, and his long, spindly fingers wrap around the tome, pull it towards him. "So you "bring a trinket. That is helpful. But to kill one mortal man is no feat compared to the darkness "that lies in that castle. You need more than that." I'd say you can drop it on an individual, if you prefer. Okay. There's a slamming sound as the tome he's holding hits the floor. "Percival? Sweet Percival." "I thought you had perished in the subjugation. Percival, you have no idea the joy "this brings to my heart." And he reaches out and touches the edge of your face like he's still in disbelief. "Your hair. It seems age has caught up to you, as well." You see a smile creep across his very tense old-man face, and he looks about the room with a renewed energy that wasn't there before. "With you here, Percival, we've two de Rolos spearheading the rebellion. We have the guiding "light the people need." "We must succeed, Percival. If this fails, there won't be anyone else left to rise up. They "are nearing their goal, according to your sister Cassandra. We haven't much time. "Your sister lives, Percival." "She survived the attack and was taken as the personal assistant and slave of the Briarwoods "and used as an example, a symbol of their dominance. She has been feeding us information for "years, whenever she could. She was the helping guide, the last two attempts we've made. We have "not received a letter from her in weeks now, but know you are not the only surviving member of your "family. I will talk to your people. I will talk to mine. We'll have your militia. Guide us, Percival "Fredrickstein von Mussel Klossowski de Rolo III. Guide us, Vox Machina." "Some of us have information all over these lands. We've had a few friends come from Emon over "the past couple years. They met some dire ends. Don't think that we haven't heard of your "exploits. Help us bring a dawn back to this land." "Professor Anders has been lost to us since before the insurrection. He is a man taken by what "promises the Briarwoods have given him. What little he has shown his face in this town, he is "not the man he once was, or at least the man we thought he was was never "who he truly claimed to be." "He lives in the castle with the Briarwoods, as well." "She did. There have been reports in recent days that she's been quick to pack. We know not "where she resides now." "Here." And he takes a moment to think of which house you're referring to. "Yes, you did. The house is Kerrion's house, and then there are two other homesteads of the new "nobles, one of which is currently held by the Duke," he says with disdain. "Goran Vedmeyer." "Vedmeyer. He has supposedly been put in watch at the temple of Pelor, but he's left that "to ruin. The other home houses Count Tylieri, a rather sadistic man who oversees the timber "production of Whitestone." "Timber." "Briefly." "Tylieri." "The Briarwoods, when they took Whitestone, did not take it alone. They came to this land with "a small army of cutthroats, mercenaries, sell-swords they brought over from whichever "forsaken land they came from. Each one of those men that then proved to be of utmost use to them "in that rebellion, they were given titles and nobility and homesteads. They were given "responsibilities over the land, the people beneath them. I can only assume that was part of their "payment for their service." "As far as I know, yes." "Not to my knowledge." "Count Tylieri is known for being quite the sadistic individual. Beating, torturing his "servants, sometimes publicly to show his hand to those who would cross him. He would definitely be "a message to send, if there were one." "I would warn, the longer we wait making these messages, the stronger we build this part of "the city, but also the more warning and preparation time we give to those in the castle. "So the choice is yours." The name Tylieri catches your ear's memory. If you recall, your captive back at Greyskull Keep was previously the owner of the driver of the Briarwoods, Desmond. The one that beat him senseless until eventually Lord Briarwood saw this and then took him as his own driver. "The mists are a means of intimidation. It's merely a magical precursor to the undead minions "of the Briarwoods. They slink through those mists, use them as cover. If you see it, run." "In the castle, yes. There are vents in what was once the garden. I know not the nature of "these vents or what is being utilized to produce this foul, noxious odor, but it has put a scent on "the city for many years." "We know not." "The few times she's walked the city, it's been procession and power. She seems to enjoy the "attention. She's a vain one, that one." "She hasn't in almost a year, but she has before, yes. "She walks in the sun, unlike her husband." "Yes." "It's hard to say." "It's a tough decision. The symbol does carry the weight of the people and does carry a "beacon of hope. But it, as you said, may put your sister in danger. It's hard to say. The choice is "yours in how you wish to use it." Yeah, controlling weather on that scope is a little beyond your grasp. You can alter elements of it and you could darken elements of the cloud to form a message or a symbol if you would like, but actually removing the clouds, that would be-- Okay. Yeah. Write down arrow with a question mark. It looks heavily tinkered. It's a little front-loaded with the weight. Yeah. (laughs) Yes. What? Cool, have thoughts. Keep them going. Arrow? By this point in the day, it's probably around three in the afternoon. With a crack of thunder, rainfall begins to hit on the city. "The northern house is the one that Count Tylieri currently resides in. Or no. My apologies. "The northern house is the one that Duke Goran Vedmeyer currently exists in. "The other is Count Tylieri." All right. Did you put your hat back on? Okay, yes, because you're very much visibly Percy. All right. So you groups divide, Scanlan heading towards the northeastern house, the rest of you heading towards the northwestern house. Eventually, you get to the outskirts of both abodes, and you can see the dark clouds in the sky, occasional claps of thunder and flashes of light. Even though it's midday, it's pretty dark right now. The few folks that are out and about have their heads covered with hoods, and they're trying to stay under overhangs to stay nice and as dry as they can. You are all soaked to the bone at this point, just pushing through. Your cough is still setting in pretty heavily at this point, too. You guys make your way to the outskirts of the home. You, Scanlan, skipping along, the boy that you are with your one weird wandering eye, find your way to the other abode. So. What's the plan? It's about 25, 30 feet. And the house that you're looking at right now, it's very well-crafted. Looks like it's made from a lot of the fine timber of Whitestone, the lighter woods and dark woods contrast with each other, stained to show the variation in the two. It's a very beautiful home. Currently, you can see there is one guard visible at the front. That's all you can see at the moment. There is a second guard around back that is just now stepping out of an outhouse that is situated behind the building. Okay. All right. Keeping a close eye. Through the dark rainy atmosphere, you can see on both homes, the interiors are slightly lit. There appears to be individuals at home in both homes. You just can't see who it is, necessarily. There is light in the interior. As you turn into a fly and make your way, this little boy just walks and (zip). Go ahead and make a stealth check. Okay. You turn into a fly and make your way through the bars and begin (buzzing) over the yard with your one-twentieth of a hit point in fly form. Make your way. Any of the nearby windows all seem to be shut. The front door is closed. There might be a gap, but the guard is standing in front of the door. Okay. He takes notice of your buzzing as you go by and goes back to his watching. The rest of you guys? Right. This house is also well-built, sturdy. Mostly wood construction, but it's all dark wood. It almost seems to disappear against the gray skies above it if you're looking from a downward perspective. It's a very dreary-looking home, built to look pretty for someone who doesn't like a lot of color. It's two stories; there are a number of windows on both stories. Looks like there is a small garden out front that has been long-ignored and died and dried up. Just browns. Abysmal-looking. Other than that, there's not much else to say on the building. Not currently any guards outside of it, no. (laughs) And you stay within 30 feet of him? Can you stay within 30 feet of him? All right. Both of you guys roll stealth. There you go, 36 and 38, boom. (laughs) Immediately. Just like that. You push into one of the nearby alleyways, curve around the side, and make your way to the back portion of this. And the gate is buttressed up against one of the surrounding buildings-- it's a warehouse of some kind-- to the point where there's a little bit of space you can get over, but it's about eight feet up and it is a spiky top, but looking over, you do see there is one guard that is slowly patrolling around the outside, and you see through the nearby window what looks like two humanoids that just crossed paths at the front of the window. Correct. Basically, you didn't see it from your perspective. Once you went around the alleyway to the other side of it, you do see there is one guard that is slowly patrolling the outside. I'm going to say, roll an intelligence check. With advantage, because you're a bard. Just add your intelligence modifier. Okay. Through your bardic research and hearing many tales and seeing scribblings in books of presumably madmen, apparently, that there were certain creatures that existed long before the civilization had taken root. You have heard of some of these, one of which is the mighty and frightening triceratops. You hear it's just a fable, but it's fun to pretend to be one, sure. Yep. And out of nowhere, this tiny fly (boosh) into a triceratops. (boom) Lands, crushing the man beneath you. He's going to attempt to-- oh, rolled a 20 on his saving throw. So he's only going to take half damage. Go ahead and roll 3d6 crushing damage. 17? Whoa, okay. He did not like that. Okay, he is crushed and he is prone beneath you right now, (groans). All right. Go ahead and roll an attack. Okay, yeah. Go ahead and roll another 3d6. Nine plus three. 12 points of damage. You turn around, and with a loud cracking sound, the whole outside of the doorway and most of the outside of the room is thrashed and destroyed. Wood chunks go flying everywhere with a large roar. You see part of the inside of the foyer collapses from that side of the building. You basically take out a whole support and start thrashing around. You hear voices begin yelling out from in the household, and immediately five guards start rushing in from different rooms towards you. All right. Two of which are holding already armed and ready crossbows. We'll get to that in just a second. You guys? Okay. Go ahead and roll an attack. He does not see you; this is considered a surprise attack. That hits. 23 also hits, yeah. Sneak attack? Right. It's a surprise round. Don't you get double damage for being an assassin? And that's all you needed. He had 45 hit points. (whack) With one hit to the back of his head, he crumples onto the ground, smacking into the wet grass around this field. Okay. You guys right now watch as now Vax runs over and tells Grog to run in and go after the front door. Grog is running toward the door now. You guys see him bolt off, burst through the gate. All right, so go ahead and roll a strength check just for the hell of it. There is a closed gate. Athletics, this would be. 14? Okay. It's not immediate impact. It takes you a second; you have to force your way through the gate. You essentially grab the two sides of it and pull and pull until eventually the chain snaps and the bars bend and you shove off one of the old doors. The gate (creaks, impact) onto the ground before you, leaving a straight look to the front door. You bolt for it. The rest of you guys give chase afterwards. You all rush to the front door of this homestead. It is currently closed. All righty. No, there's no smoke. There's no smoke. There's nothing sending smoke at that point. And we will pick up at this moment next week. (yelling) I know. I know, and we'll see how this plays out next week, because right now if we keep where this is going, this could be-- we could be here until late, and I need to get out of this costume. (laughs) Triceratops. Damn it. Okay. Well, for the armor pieces, the base is Sintra, which is one-eighth of an inch thick PVC sheeting. You can buy it at sign supply stores. I know, Liam. Shut up, they asked me. So I cut those into sheets. You heat them up with a heat-gun or really hot hairdryer and you can bend it, so that was the shape for these. I ordered aluminum chainmail off eBay, straight from India, and cannibalized it to make the sheets of chainmail that I then epoxied onto the plastic. And this is a pleather that I stitched together and then adhered across it to make the trim, and that's how I made the armor. Nah, you can pull them out. Sure. I can't really grab them from here. I know. Yeah, unfortunately I don't have the lack of clipping that an actual warrior would have in this armor. Trust me, it's a sword. So great. Yeah, and Minecraft released this week. Story Mode, yeah. Yeah, sorry. That are friends of ours? I mean, Cat Taber's in it-- I know. I thought I mentioned it previously, but yeah. You can't escape us. Sorry about that, guys. What? Oh right, yeah, the Playmation toys. You guys have seen the cool Marvel Playmation toys for kids, the imaginary stuff. I do Iron Man and Loki and a few other guys. Yeah. I'm going to go play with mine. Yeah, anyway. Okay.