Welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors battle traffic from E3 to get here in time to roll dice and play Dungeons and Dragons. Thank you for being patient and waiting for us with a couple of tech issues and generally battling living in Los Angeles and having a car. Anyway, before we kick the night off, real fast, I just want to take a moment to acknowledge-- and I feel it's important to acknowledge there's been a lot of difficulty and a lot of terrible things happening in the world and in our country in particular this past week or so. And us as Critical Role and this community around, I'm sure many of you agree, we just wanted to take a moment to express that we stand with the families of those that are currently dealing with this difficulty, who have lost those, and stand with the community that this was aimed at. And everybody who has come together as part of this, we are in full support of this whole wonderful gathering of people in light of this darkness, and I think it's not just myself when I say that everything this community stands for is to perpetually spread love, community, positivity, acceptance, and everything in between. So we just wanted to bring that to you guys and let you know that we're thinking about you all out there. And we have a wonderful community of Critters out there as well. If anyone needs any help, assistance, or guidance, or even just a happy word to pick them up during this rough time, we're all there for you. So, anyway. (blows kiss, sighs) Then, to kick off this evening of announcements and such, we are kicking into the second day of our renewed Loot Crate sponsorship. (cheering) which we showed last week. (laughs) That's pretty slick. If you guys have a chance to check it out, go see if it's something you'd be interested in, and make sure you put in the criticalrole-- all one word-- code to go ahead and get your subscription discount, which is fantastic. We're happy to present that (funny accent) and are happy that they like our show enough to come and sponsor, which is awesome. (normal voice) So check that out. You have until the 19th at 9pm Pacific to subscribe and receive the Dystopia theme, otherwise it switches over to the next theme, so if you're gonna get under the wire for that one, (funny accent) do it soon. It's like a-- yeah! We have a-- You think so? Oh, snap. Stay active, Travis. In the game! (snaps fingers) Eyes up here, Grog. (laughter) We're doing this with Woobox. The link should be in the chat room for you guys to check out, but we have currently, until June 24th at midnight, the cut-off date, but if anyone wants to submit any designs, all the rules for the contest are there. When all those designs have been submitted, we ourselves, the cast of Critical Role, are going to pore through and pick our favorite. Top three? (funny accent) And we will have designs incoming forward for official Critical Role shirt stuffs, which is nice. Say Boaty McBoatface so we can get into this, and I'll be happy. (laughter) No. Oh, Alaska? That was... Redman. Bulldog. I mess up his name intentionally all the time. He went ahead and did it! The online poll for his next performance, the internet trolled him and made it to this far Alaska performance. And he did it! I was like, "respect to you, man. Well done." So, you are technically DM. Battle War, you mean? Darksiders was-- Those are my eyes. I'm on a poster! Thank you, Joe. It's amazing. It is getting framed and becoming a centerpiece of our home. All righty. (in a funny accent) Taliesin, you are going to be somewhere this weekend, are you not? Yes, yes. Glorious. And if I recall, there was also a recent announcement of a cool Telltale game that went up this week. All righty, anyone else have anything they want to talk about? (southern drawl) Or shall we dive into the rest of tonight's story? (southern drawl) All righty. Let's go ahead and bring it down as we all prepare ourselves to begin to kick off tonight's episode of Critical Role. (spooky ethereal music) (heavy breathing) (roaring) (dramatic music) (gun firing) (dramatic music) (crackling flames) (laughs) Grog had spoken with the remnants of the Herd of Storms that had essentially been disbanding from the name and moving west to join with the Rivermaw, which had stepped off from the herd not too long ago. You guys had a hot springs episode in the mansion. Scanlan, you had made your way back to Kymal, in which you, along with the aid of a few of your friends, figured out a plan in which the people who had been displaced could eventually return to Westruun, and also found Kaylie and spoke with her, had your somewhat-tearful reunion there. You guys began to construct a subterranean portion of Westruun that would be protected from future dragon incursion, renovating and restructuring within the sewer system beneath the city. After this process was complete, you decided the next level of your trek, the next direction you would travel would be towards the far western, northwestern continent of Othanzia. Specifically, the city of Vasselheim that you all know so well. All of you guys stepping through a tree portal presented by Keyleth, you immediately step out into the snowy exterior of what seems like the outside of the Quad Roads in Vasselheim. And now, we see what your next plan of action is. What do you guys want to do? It's hard to tell right now with the cloud cover so thick in the sky, but you envision at this point in time, it's probably mid-afternoon or so. The general omniscient glow through the clouds, kind of diffused light, but based on the time that you-- where you were and how far you traveled, you gather it's probably early to mid-afternoon. So. Who's off to where? It is quite a busy time in the afternoon. There is actually a bit of hustle and bustle. Looking around, just a quick glance at your vicinity in Vasselheim, you can see a lot of the bastions are out in force. Many of them are in process of helping construct what looks like reinforced dragon-headed ballistae. Some of the ones you had seen towards the outside walls of the city. There are more being installed upon the inner walls, and the ones in the distance appear to be under some form of construction. All right. You guys continue further south into the Quad Roads until eventually you find yourselves at the Slayer's Take guildhall. The door is partially ajar already. It appears that somebody had left it open, but it is warm on the inside. You can see a fireplace hearth on the far back and to the right is already kind of filling the area with this subtle musty smoke smell, and the crackling of wood in the distance is a very welcoming sensation from the cold exterior of the city streets. As you enter, you do not see anybody at the front desk at the moment, but you do see a few other random individuals of the guild that have taken certain tables. Some are eating, and some are in the process of playing cards or passing the time. It seems to be a relatively casual day here at the Slayer's Take. But your rooms are still available, best as you need. Anything you specifically require in this place? Okay. You go ahead and-- one of the guys closest to you, you've met him briefly in passing, his name is Loran. He has a completely bald head with a single stripe tattoo down the center. He has a very, very pointed long chin. Human, but he's probably been busted in the face a few times. You can see there's just scars and what appears to be bone structure that may have been reformed at times due to blunt trauma. But he's just sitting there, sharpening his weapons, just kind of doing good upon his own self, being prepared for anything. But as you come over to ask him the question, he looks up to you and goes, "Word's gone around the town recently "that there's some wandering dragon horde "tearing through Tal'Dorei, "so they're just upping security around these places, just in case." "I hope so. Hope they make their way here." "Not to my knowledge, but "(chuckles) I'd love to get my hand on some of them scales." (blade scrapes) "Loran." MARISHA and "Loran." Because... that's what I remember. Well, when you don't take notes when I give you a character's name originally, and they come back around and it's weird when you suddenly take damage and your character starts hemorrhaging. (laughs) Some of you may have seen him in passing. You haven't really had a conversation with him. He just exists within the guild. There's many members that you've come across in the past. "As far as this town is concerned, "it takes a lot more than a couple dragons to drop these walls. "It's the reason it's been around for a long time, "and I'd like to see them try." "I mean, I've come across a few small ilk in my days." "Oh, that's fantastic. I love to hear it. "You half-elves are a humble bunch." (laughter) (laughs) (laughs) Yeah, a very different thing. I guess it depends on if he shaved recently. He looks toward the back room, where her main office is, and he goes, "You're welcome to go ahead and knock on the door "if you're feeling frisky." You go and knock on the door. (knocks) There's a brief pause. Knock again. (knocks) The door (whoosh) swings open. You have to duck backwards. It (thump) slams onto the other side of the wall there, knocking a few knick-knacks that were on a nearby shelf over. And Vanessa swings out. "What? Who's calling-- ah. It has been some time. "How nice of you to come and visit. "May I... be of service to you?" "There is no fencing." "We run a legitimate business." "Good. As was I hoping to hear this. "Let me check my ledger." She turns around and goes back to her desk. Her tail flicks behind her as she steps over to her table, leans over. "(muttering) Ah!" Pulls one of the books. (blows) Starts thumbing through it. (mutters) "What color dragon?" "Chromatic." "There is currently no contract for a black dragon. "I do have one up for a bronze or perhaps a white, but..." "Specifically hide. If there is white dragonhide?" "That was for a different contract. "This is for a newer one I came by." "(deadpan) Yes, it is amazing. "The things you've accomplished. I am blown away. "But in light of your capabilities, "I do not require anything black dragon. "However, if a contract comes in, I know who to call. "Hold onto that, because that would save you a trip." LAURA and "Is this hide or scales?" "Well, I could definitely do "a bit of business for you there. "The hide would fetch more, but-- 60 pounds, you said?" "64 of white dragon scales, okay." "This is not about bartering. "This is what the contract says, my dear. "This is beyond a situation of conversation. "The paperwork is already signed." "Vex'ahlia. My dear. "My delightful little dragon-hating half-elf. "We've been good to you. "We've done many great things for you. You've done great things for us. "This is a fantastic arrangement." (thud) She slams the book shut and sets it down. "But you have signed on with us, "and the deal is to fulfill contracts "as they are signed, as they are written, "as they are agreed upon by the person. "If you wish not to accept this contract, "we can just wait until somebody else picks it up "and goes out and fulfills this need "at the price at which they are requesting for this. "You're welcome to keep the scales." "See? Then it's easy for you to get rid of them. "If they've been a problem for you, then I'm sure this would be easy." "That is all right. Goodbye." And she shoos you out. "Yes, other female half-elf?" "Oh, you're looking for the Duskmeadow. Raven's Crest." She points loosely outward, kind of southeast of the direction of the Slayer's Take guildhall. "It's kind of hard to miss. It's giant, black, ominous. "(chuckles) You'll see it." And she bops your nose a little bit with her finger. "Now, please. Out of my office. I have work to get done." "That does nothing for me." (slamming) Slams the door shut. (laughs) You pull out a basilisk egg. It's roughly that size. It's a dull grayish-blue hint. It has a somewhat, very vague sulfurous scent on the outside of the egg. Where are you heading? That's the opposite direction. You're heading to the Braving Grounds. They're heading to the Duskmeadow. (laughs) So you three are going to the Braving Grounds. You four are going to the Duskmeadow. Okay. All right, so. You three are making your way towards the Braving Grounds. Following suit after Percival, you make your way up not quite to the Trial Forge, which is where you had your last discussion and brief showdown with Earthbreaker Groon. Still seeing the large statue of Kord looming over the entirety of the realm. You can still see the large columns of dark smoke and soot coming out of the various forges, the various mining encampments, and a lot of the folks there that are working on different pieces of iron and metal. You, I assume, make your way to a very familiar abode. (laughs) All right. (laughter) You come up to the outside of a familiar hovel. Previously damaged, missing part of its roof. The roof is mostly repaired. You actually see two individuals are over the top of it, hammering pieces of wood into it. Not a very fine job, but definitely enough patchwork to keep the rain and snow from pouring in. The door is partially open as you approach. Silence. (hammering noises) "What?" "I don't know. I haven't seen him." "(mutters) (louder) Couple of hours." "I haven't seen him leave." (hammering noises) "Your funeral." (hammering noises) You may. Make an investigation check. 12, okay. (creak) You move the door open and kind of search the ground and the area before it and the actual frame of the door itself. No traps. Glancing inside, though, you can see a little bit of light. It looks like there's a hooded lantern across the way and just a little bit of light is flickering and it's kind of going against the wall nearest to you, to your right, as you enter. The same familiar smell of fresh earth, really, really, really dry dust and a very familiar smell of explosive black powder material. (thud) You see off to the side, what you didn't initially notice as you entered, what appears to be a wooden trapdoor in the far corner that (thud). (repeated thuds) And you notice that apparently something-- a large sack of some heavy material has rolled off a nearby table and is now currently holding the door down. You hear a muffled, "I'm inside!" You lift it up, set it off to the side. (boosh) "(coughing) What's going on? You trying to kill me?" "This is my mining building." "Don't put things on top of the door. "It makes it hard to get out!" "I'm okay!" "No, I've been locked down here for hours!" "Help me out!" (grunts) (grunts) "I can't wait all day, here!" (screams) "Don't shake me too hard." "Sure." "Thank you." He pats you on the head with his nub. Goes over. You can see he's kind of bandaged. He goes over and then pulls the ladder up that he didn't use, closes the-- "Okay. So. What do you want?" "That's a lot." "I have powder." "I can sell you more powder. Question one yes. How much?" "Not a lady. I am an honorable man!" "Are you saying I'm pretty?" "Your friend's hitting on me." "I'm taken." "No, I'm just taken." "(shouting) How much?" "Maybe. Maybe. Maybe a trade? Maybe a claw?" "Build and bring. Build and bring, and we trade." "Oh, so many questions! "Does he have questions, too? Does he have questions, too?!" (sighs) "I like him. What's your question?" (considering noise) And he starts pulling around from a pile of oiled rags and shit and he pulls up what looks like a small burlap sack that's torn somewhat at the opening. "Hat." "My pleasure. Happy to help." (chuckles) "Don't get near the fire." "Is that the one you're saying you can make?" "So you're saying that this woman "made a better hand than you can make?" "Then make me a better hand! Why would you give me a lesser hand?!" "Really?" (laughter) (ripping sounds) He starts unwrapping the wound. It's pretty recent. "Fair!" He turns around, rushes over, and grabs the same phantom hogshead that he has lying around his place. Before he fills it with powder, he goes over to Scanlan and goes, "(hums) Too big." Fills it with black powder, carefully brings it over, holding it under his arm. (grunts) "Yes!" He pulls out the glove that was on the hand, (laughing) and you can see that it's blown apart, hand burned to cinders-- It's more a sleeve with a charcoaled edge. "Depends. How cool is the claw hand?" TRAVIS AND "Cooler than that lady's hand?" "(squawks)" He takes the hogshead. "Trade when you bring hand." "Then I deliver with new hand. Then all is well." "No more questions!" "You're small." "Can't help you, sorry." "Okay. Don't touch the door, please!" "(chuckles) He’s big." "I'm undecided about you." No no no. There's basic materials to do essentially weapon repairs, armor repairs, minor armor construction within the Slayer's Take. If you want something that's going to be a little more to the level of what you're doing, you may have to actually rent out a facility. Okay. Yeah, easy enough to do. If you want to rent the forge for the day to craft whatever it is you're looking to craft, he's charging you 50 gold for the day. You have to supply your own material, but he'll let you rent. Okay. You guys. You four make your way over towards the Duskmeadow. Trinket's out? (whoosh) (bear moans) (grunts) He rolls his head against you, licks the side of your face, happy to be out of that stuffy little necklace. You make your way towards the Duskmeadow, which you've seen before. It's a very comparatively... glum-looking area of the town, hence the name that accompanies it, but this is the area of the city that contains the Raven's Crest, the Amaranthine Oubliette. It also contains the entire town's catacombs. This is where, since this town's existence, all of the dead are interred perpetually deeper and deeper and deeper beneath this part of the city. Also one of the oldest libraries of the city is kept here as well. As you approach the outskirts-- and you can see a very fine line between this area and the Birth Heart, which is the Melora section of the city. There is a very, very wide river divide between the two of them and it's like night and day, back and back. Very, very, very directly between the two of them. You can see on Melora's side there's just stalks and stalks of corn and other vegetation that's being grown for food. There's almost like a lush forest that curls around the outside of it that doesn't match the rest of the indigenous trees you've seen in this area of Othanzia. The entire Birth Heart area, where this temple to Melora is, is just this plucked-out-of-nowhere section placed into it. And then you move over to the Duskmeadow and it's just... like the color has left the vicinity. And there you see in the center of this part of the town, this large, looming, ominous obsidian and gold structure. It's like a giant black stone aerie. It has no intricacies from this distance that you can see. It's almost like a giant square building that is just devoid of light, with little glimmers of gold when the light catches it at moments. It's hard to miss and definitely stands as a centerpiece to this section of Vasselheim. "(moans, snuffles)" He presses his nose under yours and lifts your chin up and you bite your lip a little from the sudden impact from this very large bear, but it's all with love. You do know from your time here and what little you've heard that part of the purpose of this vicinity is not just to inter the dead within part of these catacombs. The library here is kind of a loose partnership between the people worshipers of her and those who follow Ioun. It is a center for knowledge and history kept within the city. But you'll see throughout the town and the landscaped outer wall that surrounds this entire portion of Vasselheim, there are repetitive glyphs that line this entire area. And from what you've heard, at the very least, most of these glyphs, which you see across the corners of roadways, and many of which surround the entrance to the catacombs, it is a perpetual enchantment that is to seal any sort of possible undeath. There once was a terrible scourge of undeath in this part of the landscape, long ago, that corresponded with a battle hundreds of years ago, and since then, the reinforcement has been put in place to prevent that from happening again. So the downside is that the power of these glyphs that prevent undeath also prevent any actual vegetation from existing in this area as well. So all the ground that you've come across no grass, no natural vegetation. It's just dirt and ash and dust. The magic itself is divine in nature, but it's based in the same very, very base Draconic glyphs that a lot of arcane magic is based on. It's very-- it's old magic. Yeah. It's based in some sort of divine ritual. The temple itself is referred to as Raven's Crest. Raven's Crest, yes. Okay. Which, as you turn and look, when you originally approached the stairs that lead up to the entrance of this large structure, it was just empty, doors closed. There was no guard post on the outside. It was just these two looming, almost dark glass-type doors about 12 feet tall and about 8 feet wide on each side that are just locked shut. As soon as you turn to walk towards them, the doors open and you see a figure standing there at the door, just looking directly at you. Or at least you assume is looking right at you. It's hard to see. This individual, somewhat lithe in physicality, is wearing long, dark robes and their face is shrouded in opaque black cloth, like a death shroud that just blocks the entire face. You can see the hint of a jawline, a nose. It looks to be a person of some background in there, but they're just standing there, watching you. And as soon as you react to their appearance, the hand just beckons quietly. All right. As you step up to the stairs, the figure leads you all inside, and as you step into the main center of this initial walkway chamber, the figure doesn't enter with you. It just closes the door behind you. (echoing thud) You can feel the hint of vibration of impact as the doors close shut. It's lowly-lit on the inside, and it's interesting. From the outside, it looks like a black, solid, impossible-to-see-through building. From the inside, you can actually look out and the entire building is made of this glass, this somewhat-warped, dark glass. And you can see almost the entirety of the outside from your position. The doors are held aloft into it. It's like a one-way type enchantment, or the construct, the material itself, is somewhat translucent from this side. Kind of. Or like a very, very dark pair of sunglasses, but made of naturally-formed rock, almost. She doesn't see you and she just stands there quietly, looking around, inspecting the vicinity. Pets Trinket a little. You just feel a natural tremble stepping into a place of powerful divine influence that is not the warm comfort of Sarenrae, which has protected you before. Now, you understand the way many deities work in these lands, and your place in it, and Sarenrae's place in it, and you know enough about the Raven Queen to know that this is not an unwelcome place, per se. Go ahead and roll a religion check. 23. You understand the Raven Queen has also not always been the one who holds sway over the domain of death, the domain of winter, the domain of fate. Once mortal, the Raven Queen ascended as, essentially, a follower and a partner to the previous god of death, which his name has been erased from the books. This mortal ascended many, many years ago, pre-Second Spark, and has since taken what was once a tyrannical position of death and afterlife and souls and took it instead as the natural transition that it is. However, due to a lack of respect, or at least, a lack of, for lack of a better term, belief or trust from the other gods, she only gained dominion over the actual moment of transition, not of the actual souls of the afterlife. That influence was given to others. But the Raven Queen represents one of the most feared elements of life, which is the end of it, but you also know that that is a natural thing. Your personal belief is up to you. The sense you get here is that... being an individual that worships life, that worships redemption, that worships second chances, you can't help but swallow a little hard at the idea of a god that's purpose is to make sure that if you're destined to have once chance, it stays one chance. As you begin to walk down this hall, ever so slow as it is, each footfall deafening in the clack. (clicking footsteps) The hallway leads on for another hundred feet or so before the glass, somewhat translucent material shifts into the next chamber, into an almost deep gray and ivory ice-like interior. The dark, coal-black exterior you've seen now transitions into what feels like a very finely-carved piece of architecture from ice and bone. Go ahead and roll an arcana check, as this is not so much a nature-based thing, yeah. From your understanding of transitional magic between planes, there has been no actual shift between planes, it's just the material itself is different upon the interior of this building. As soon as you enter this place, you do see another figure walking towards you. Similar long, dark robes. However, the veil has been pulled back, and you see before you what looks to be an older elven woman with very, very bright silver hair that just kind of falls long, past her shoulders, down to her back about mid-waist, or down to the bottom of her waist. With a smile. You can see as she walks towards you, a very welcoming grin. As she approaches, she pays very little mind to you three, but directly to you, says, "You walk with Her sight on you. "You are ever welcome here." "Then I think, perhaps, you are here for communion. "Come. Our most sacred chamber. The communion pool awaits. "Only you may have entry, unfortunately." "Come, champion. The Lady of Fates awaits." And she turns around and leads you 30 more feet to what looks to be an ascending staircase that just enters up and out of the sight of you two. You ascend a few feet behind her, about 40 or so feet, until it comes to a single large doorway of deep, deep dark oak wood with what looks to be a dark iron ring in the center. As she steps up to it, she takes it and (thud) knocks on it twice. (deep creak) It just shifts open and leads into a central chamber now that looks about a hundred feet high, and it is a large steepled dome of what looks to be nothing but stained glass. It's awe-inspiring. It's beautiful the colors, the light as it peeks through. The source of light, diffused as it is by the clouds, is sourceless in here. It seems like there are beams of light coming from all directions and all the colors are just strewn across the floor in what looks like this perpetually-shifting kaleidoscope of dots of reds and blues and purples and yellows and pinks and whites. You can see, across the room, there are three other figures that are all dressed in the same dark robes, the veils over their heads, of varying size. You can't make out what their racial background is, per se, but they are all stationed around the center of the room, in which lies, from what you can see, a very, very large round pool of some sort of deep crimson liquid. "You came to speak with the Lady. "Well, the way is before you." She gestures to the pool. You step into it. (squelch) It comes up to your ankles, to your knees. And what catches you first is that the liquid is very thick. It is viscous in a familiar way. This is most definitively a pool of blood. And it is cold. It is ice-cold. As you step in, you can feel that as it begins to seep into your boots and begins to find its way into the crevices of your outfit as you get down into your waist, it's just chilling. You can't help but to stand up straight as you step further in, not quite sure of how deep it gets. And it gets deeper. And deeper. Up past your chest, up past your shoulders, and you're not even halfway into the center of the pool before it's going past your nose. You take your last breath, hold it, and submerge yourself in the pool. Darkness around you, the cold sensation. Nothing... Nothing... Nothing... As you do, you feel the blood fill your lungs and immediately your lungs begin to seize with the lack of oxygen. You instinctually begin to reach up for the water and pull, but you can't rise. You can't get up. And at that point, the cold, piercing pain of the liquid in your lungs becomes warm. All the liquid around you becomes warm. And in the darkness, where you cannot see, you calm, as suddenly your breathing is no longer difficult. It's natural. It's like air. And it's reminiscent of being in the womb, of the moment of birth you'd forgotten so long ago, that you're just surrounded in darkness and comfort. And piercing the center of this darkness before you, you see a very faint bead of white light just begin to spark and grow, and grow, and as that light widens out, it becomes a face. A porcelain face. A nose, lips, a chin, empty dark sockets, long dark hair that goes to crimson and surrounds you. You see a small hand reach up behind and lift you from your legs. And for what you thought was only a few feet of liquid, you look around you and it is an endless space, a space you've been before, a space that you once visited in your sleep, in your dreams. You look down below and you can see the infinite skein of threads that you were once given inspection to. As you look down, you see the very palm of the Raven Queen holding you aloft in this space as the mask pulls in close to you with a smile. The lips don't move, but you hear a voice from all directions in your head. A comforting voice. A welcoming voice. "My champion. "Vax'ildan. You've come to me at last." "There is destiny, "but you still guide your path where it must go. "Especially you, fate-touched. "You're one of the few that bends threads near and around you. "That's why you're so interesting to me." "When one such as your... "unique essence walks these realms, "do not think I am the only one to take interest. "And do not think you are the only one, either. "But I was there to seize the opportunity when it arose, "and as such, you are now mine. "And I know that you hate me. I know that you fear me. "Most do. "But only because they are without understanding. "Without death, life has no meaning. "Finality drives change, "innovation, "greatness. "It is the end that I bring "that drives all of your gracious creations of this land "to make the world better than we did, than those before me did." "Then understand the wholeness of what it is you serve "and what you represent, champion. "Even after death, the soul is carried to another purpose, "but it is that transition where it is at its most vulnerable. "It is my charge, my gift-- your gift, now-- "to safeguard that beautiful moment. "There are those that find the immortal soul "one of the most pure and powerful means "of energy, of sourced power, in this world. "That is an abomination. "There are those that wish to halt the process "and live eternally in some form of undeath or the other. "That is an abomination. "There is also a difference "between bending your thread around destiny, fate-touched, "and perverting the thread entirely, "for death is sacred. "But not all deaths are destined, in that moment. "Some destinies require one to endure beyond the moment. "To meet that moment many times before the final death is to come. "We must guide these moments across this web." And as she sweeps her hand out. Where she holds you in one palm, another hand reaches out, and the entire web of threads just glows below you in this curling wave out into infinity, into the horizons, endless, to each side of you and beyond. "So, to bend destiny, to bend these fates, "is within our sphere of influence. "It's those that find a way to cheat this destiny, "halt the progression, "corrupt their thread to the point it sickens those around them. "Undeath, wayward necromancy. "Perversion of the sanctity of the cycle, "of our very domain, is an atrocity "and must be stopped and stamped out. "That is our cause. "Your cause, now. "Do you still accept this gift?" "You, Vax'ildan. I've had my eye on you for some time." And the smile curls into this much wider smile. To the point it seems somewhat perturbing. "Your dual nature rushing prematurely towards your end, "wantonly throwing your life before the flames, "only to pull away in those last moments. "Instinct. "You test your path constantly, without knowing "you've been preparing for this mantle your entire life. "My beautiful champion." The smile subsides. The face goes stone. Lack of expression. Blank. The hand pulls back and you now can see the full immensity of her size. Her body infinitely long, looking down before it disappears into darkness. And as you look up, suddenly the mask is there before you, but normal, human-sized. You're no longer in her hand. You're standing on a floor, a floor of the same white, ice-bone type substance that the interior of Raven's Crest seems to be built from. And for a brief moment, you see before you the woman before the god, the ascended mortal, no larger than you. From the hair that topples down the sides, the hand reaches up and grabs the mask and pulls it away. Beneath the mask you see a very beautiful, very sad-looking woman. But her eyes are cold and red in the iris. Her skin flawless and smooth. White, pale, sunless. Her brows thinned and furrowed. She steps forward and touches the side of your face. "There are those who will be frightened of you. "But know what we do "is one of the most important gifts of all." And she grabs your head, pulls you down, and kisses you on the forehead. At which point, suddenly your lungs fill once again with searing white pain. You find yourself scrambling about, instinctually spilling out liquid all around you, and you finally (coughs) come out on top of the communion pool. Your eyes open and you can see just red crimson pouring in your vision. You rub it out and you're in the chamber alone. Eyes wide, swimming around, you can see the figures on the side come to the edges. They all bow. The figure that led you in stands at the mouth of this pool where you entered. She's smiling. She has her hand extended. She lifts you out of the pool. One of the other figures runs up and takes one of the dark robes that they have and pulls it off around them, revealing just a simple dark blue and black outfit beneath. Still wearing the veil, but wraps the dark robe around you as the liquid is now back to its freezing cold sensation. Your teeth are chattering. They lead you back to the door you entered, down the stairs, and into the central chamber where both Keyleth and Pike await. You guys turn and see, descending the stairs, being flanked, essentially, by two of the members of the Raven's Crest, both of the shoulders with the dark robe wrapped around a very cold and somewhat freaked-out looking Vax'ildan, who has smeared red across his face. His hair is thick with viscous crimson liquid. The woman who had led you in there smiles and says, "That is the nature of death. "We can't have all the answers, my friend. "It is the pursuit of those answers that drives us. "Do you trust Her?" "Then perhaps you'll find those answers one day." "Thank you." They pull the robe off and they all head back up into the chamber, leaving you all there in the room alone. You guys make your way to the outside of Raven's Crest. The doors open once again. The figure that let you in is waiting for you, opens the door. As you see the doors open-- (laughs) Rushing down the stairs, you see Pike, Keyleth, and your brother in a little better spirits than when he first entered, if a little damper and redder. (sad moaning) Trinket comes over and begrudgingly lowers himself so you can climb on. (grunts) Okay. Okay. You guys eventually make your way back to the Slayer's Take. The three of you guys... what are you doing while this is transpiring? Okay. What have they been sent to acquire? All right. How much gold do you give him? That'll go over well. I want you guys to go ahead and roll-- actually, for you, just roll a general charisma check to ask around and get people to give you the proper information. You just add your charisma modifier. 18? Yeah, just a basic clamp gauntlet. Not in the Braving Grounds, but you can definitely find one on your journey in the Quad Roads. Do you go with him? You guys make your way to the busy streets of the Quadroads. Eventually, asking around, you find yourself across from what is called the Sore Socket Haberdashery. Sore Socket Haberdashery. And the picture outside has a caricature of a guy, smiling, with a giant black eye. You walk inside and it's like a small, localized bar-- not a tavern by any means, but it has like one small set-up in there for just general beer, and just loads and loads of hats. Leathers, cloth, all kinds of silly circumstances. You see some nice fancy hats with big feather plumes. You see joking hats that have multiple colors and what looks to be bells hanging from them. As you step into the room, you see two other random individuals that are looking around, shopping, and at the far end, you see coming through a big thing of curtains what looks to be a rather rotund woman in her late 40s or so. Big curls in her dark brown hair and maybe a little too much makeup on her face, who goes, "Darlings, what are you looking for? "What can I get you? Are you looking for hats?" "I assume you're looking for hats." After all those materials, I'd say probably, asking around and your high charisma, you probably have about 60. "My name is Deidre, dear, so nice to meet you." "You're so adorable." "Really?" "Oh ho, I can guarantee you, it's all true. "And you, you're so big, you're so strapping." "And that beard!" "(giggles)" "Tall. Proportionally tall or regular?" "Hmm." She thinks for a second. "I don't carry anything like that--" "But I can make you something "if you don't mind waiting a bit." "Oh, but at least let me measure your head, sweetie." "Do you know the size of who it's intended for?" "I'll make it adjustable! "You have to pay half in advance, a custom order." "That will be 10 gold now, "and an additional 10 upon retrieval." "All right." "Nothing to block the muscles, no, not at all, "but I have to say, with a fine, smooth head, "it does need a little decoration, if you don't mind me saying." "(chuckles) You!" "I was thinking--" And she whips out what looks like this fancy engraved leather cap with two straps on the side and just (shoomf) right over your head. It kind of folds everything in, the straps just go very long and dangle there. LAURA AND She takes them and snaps them underneath to where these two little danglies are dangling from under the chin. And it just has these really intricate flower patterns punched into the leather all around. "I think it speaks of the seasons." It looks almost like the old football helmets. "It looks masculine. You wouldn't believe. "Here, let me show you!" And she brings up a small mirror. "Exactly. "Men will fear you walking down the road." "Well, all right." "Spikes. Spikes... let me see what I can do." MARISHA, LAURA, AND And she runs off down the way, gets into a bag and you start hearing things going (tink, thud) something rolls over-- "Ah, shit!" Eventually she comes out. "This is less of a hat and more of a half-helmet, "but maybe it'll do." And she pulls forth what looks like this very wide metal brim, almost in a swish shape to a point in the front. Yeah, it kind of looks like a conquistador's helmet. But it's only the front, so it's almost like a rhinoceros horn that sticks up to a point. And the rest buckles to the back of the head, so it's a giant metallic groove for the front. "Oh, that's what I like to hear." "This will be 50 gold." "Try it yourself." It's all right. It can be sharpened. It's more for decor. It's not meant to slice somebody in half. "Well, I mean, what are you intending to do with this hat? (titters)" "I can do that for you, my big muscley man." So after about five minutes or so, she grinds down with what materials she has to a little more-- it does mess with some of the polish on the very tip of the metal, but it does come to a more solid point. "Be careful with that." It goes on and then straps tight in the back to fit your head. Kind of. It's like a big old rhino horn that curls upward to a point there. It looks a little ridiculous. "Well. So they tell me." Make a deception check with disadvantage. Yes. Deidre goes, "(laughs) You silly, tiny man-- "No, seriously. We have a price agreed upon. Pay it." "Ooh, all up front? All right. It'll be ready for you shortly." She takes the coin. "Thank you for the patronage. "Return here in about... ooh, an hour, "and the hat shall be prepared for you, sir-- "what's your name?" "Scanlan Shorthalt. All right, come soon." (shoomp) LAURA AND (creak) You have to kind of pull it out. Yeah. You leave a nice big groove. Yeah. (laughs) All right, eventually you all gather again back at the hall of the Slayer's Take. You guys have just settled in and are free to continue any discussion you like as you see Scanlan and Grog come in. Say, you've since retrieved your hat with your various wonderfully-crafted accoutrements. You can see the bottom of her mouth. Okay, make a perception check. 9. You go running straight out of the door-- You guys are like, "Oh. No, Pike!" She's already out the door, over the stairs (repeated thuds), outside of the hall. (sounds of dismay) TRAVIS and You guys rush out to go catch her and the helmet is actually embedded partway into the ground and she's kind of-- And she's just laughing. You haven't seen Mertin. Vanessa doesn't seem to have left. I mean, there are a few individuals here that are part of the guildhall. The hierarchy here is more like the few that run it, and then everyone else comes and goes as they please. "You look pretty rough." "Yeah. We could-- "we got a washroom in the back, if you need it." "You get what you get. It's water, buddy." The gruff individual chuckles. "Heh. It never is." I need you to make a tinkering check. Yeah, yeah, it'll take you a little while. Sure. Oh my god. All right, take your d10. Well, your proficiency is what you get with the roll and then it's your dex bonus. 23. What did you roll naturally? Ah. TALIESIN AND Wow. All righty. What are the nifty things? Mm-hm. Right. (laughs) It takes you a few hours and gets you into the early parts of the evening, but you do manage to go ahead and complete it. You manage to get it finished up and you're pretty proud of your work, actually, and you feel-- the whistle you're still doing as you do the final bits, you realize is the song that Scanlan sang for you, just looping in your head. It happened to push you through your work and get your final piece completed. Okay. Okay. I'm excited. Okay. (laughs) Try me. Okay. Do you go and deliver it? Okay. As the sun begins to set in Vasselheim, you make your way back over to the Braving Grounds, which as you look across, too, as the night goes dark, the Braving Grounds itself has a whole different life to it. There are so many forges and smelters going that there's-- most buildings have this bright orange glow through the ceiling and these various openings where fumes and smoke and exhaust are sent up from the various production constructs and such. It has this very luminescent look in comparison to a lot of the city. It's very interesting. It reminds you of the deep, deep portions of Kraghammer, where most of the actual fire and melted rock was being smelted and gathered and heated. So you make your way to the hovel. The roof workers are no longer there, and the door is closed. "(muffled) I'm sleeping." "(muffled) You want me to sleep?" You hear (scraping sound) a bunch of different locks fiddling. (series of clicks) (fwoosh) And the door opens and you see Victor, clean-faced for the first time you've really seen him before, and he has a nightcap which sort of (foomf) in front of his face, with a little puffball at the end. He's like, "I told you. I was trying-- oh! Hey. "(hesitantly) Percival?" "Thank you. It's comfy to sleep in." "Did you bring my hand?" "Come in! Come in! (grunts)" And opens the door. You see he's wearing this long nightgown that is covered in patches and tears in it. Most of it has been turned black through soot, but the cap is perfect. Perfect condition. "They are comfortable." As he walks in, still bandaged on the arm, you can see there's a small kettle of tea set by the small fireplace right there. It's a tiny little table and a tiny little stool that he's just kind of sitting on right there. And he goes and he reaches over for the kettle. "(groans)" Tries to pick up the cup and just pours the tea into it. "(confused stuttering)" "Ooh." "Eh? Oh." "Oh? Eh? I just got that!" "Oh." (chuckle, click) (excited laughter) "Tea?" "Need another cup. (grunts)" He stands up and goes over, still holding the kettle and splashing everywhere, and he's flipping through cabinets and knocking pieces of glass out. "Ah! Found it." Pulls out another little ceramic cup and pours the tea in, sets it down. (chink, click) "(cackles)" "To new hands!" It is pungent. It is bitter. But it definitely cleans out the sinuses. And there is a hint of gunpowder to the flavoring. You get the sense that pretty much everything in this room is marinated in some way, shape, or form to be flammable. "It can put hair on your balls." "Not in, uh, weeks, maybe." "Did you make her hand, too?" "No. She paid well, though." "Are you guys in a club now? How many people want black powder? "Tell me! Tell them! Bring them more. "I could use money." (others laugh) "Uh... (mutters to himself)" (click, click) "Maybe... 12 hogsheads worth?" "She only come by once." "Please do! I have more tea. "Many different flavors. This is, I call, dark roast." "I want to try the other one before you go." "(click, creak) Come on, need this, too." "(creak, click) (cackles)" (thunk) He sticks it into the wooden stool and the table. Kind of breaks the wood and snaps it. "Oh. (cackles)" "Yes. Thank you!" "Good night!" "(slurps)" You leave and he's just sitting there staring at this long chisel point, going, "(quiet cackling)" The door slowly closes behind you. Okay. You make your way past the Quad Roads. At this point at night the whole clientele has shifted. Most people coming here-- you hear laughter, you hear music. The Quad Roads is the New Orleans of the town, comparatively. It's still nowhere near as rambunctious as many places you've been, but for what seems during the day to be a rather dour and serious business type city, the Quad Roads is where the celebration of humanity hits when the evening hours hit. So you come by and there's some taverns that are open. You see, to a certain extent, what even appears to be an adult entertainment district. You make your way beyond-- It's the oldest profession. You make your way all the way to the outskirts of the Duskmeadow, and there, amongst the just barely peeking through the cloudline starlight, the looming dark structure that is Raven's Crest. Okay. You go ahead and push the door open. (creak) Doesn't appear to be anybody there. Okay. You walk in. (clicking footsteps) At this dark hour, looking around, the obsidian-type walls are translucent glass on the other side, though you can barely make out through the material the details of the outside world, due to the lack of light across the cityscape. Especially here in Duskmeadow, in which the magical lantern light that illuminates the city streets are relatively sparse on this side of Vasselheim. You take a few more steps in, (clicking footsteps) footsteps echoing across the long, thin, dark material of the floors. (creak, thud) Door closes behind you. (echoing) Hello... hello... hello. (echoing) This... this... this... this. (thump-crash) You hear the sound of some sort of low, distant hit and a rumble, and you see a distant light appear in a chamber just beyond the walkway, just faint enough to illuminate and give the presence of some sort of life or movement about a hundred or so feet ahead of you. You enter the next chamber, where you see the interior of this structure is ivory-white bone and glass, with a blue hint, very much resembling the interior of a very naturally, beautifully-carved ice cavern. There is a stairway that ascends, as well as other hallways that lead out from the central nerve center of the lower floor of the main structure. As you walk into this central chamber, you see, ever so faintly, at the very top of the stairs, a pair of feet (footsteps) walk and disappear up the stairs. Okay. You go running up the stairway. (thud thud) You get to the top, and you can see at the very top of the stairs a dark wooden door with a dark iron rim and what appears to be a large hanger or handle or knocker bolted to it and it (thud) just closes as you come underneath the top of the archway and up the stairs. (doosh) Once? (doosh doosh) With each hit, you can hear the reverberation of the echo of the knock through a much larger chamber beyond. As soon as you release the actual door knocker, the door (thump-crash, creak) just creaks open ever so slightly into a very, very dark chamber. You can see very, very little in here, other than the basic outline of what looks to be a little bit of floor, some sort of a smooth, glassy surface that refracts just a little bit of light that makes it through what looks to be some sort of broken-up glass dome-type structure above you. You can't make out much beyond that. It's very dark in here. As you step out of the room, you hear a whisper come from beyond the chamber, within the darkness. It says, "Is it yourself you wish to fix or something more?" "Then come. Let us talk." "Have faith." "Step in. Join me." All right. As you step into the chamber, freezing cold as your toes-- Your legs, your whole body eventually finds itself stepping into this thick, freezing liquid. You hear the whisper in your ears just as your head reaches the level of the blood, that says, "Come. Come to me with your questions." Just as your head goes beneath the surface. You're underneath and in darkness, feeling around the thick material, kind of just swishing your fingers around, but amongst the liquid, you still hear the whisper again in your ear "Come. Bring your questions." You swim downward and you touch the bottom of the pool. You reach a somewhat concave, smooth floor to the pool. You head to the surface. There's no surface. It just keeps going. You do not. You begin to panic. You begin to reach around and try to swim up and find the surface, but it just keeps going. The liquid's thick and it's hard to pull through, and you can't open your eyes, and you can't see anything, and the iron-like flavor is starting to find its way to the inside of your mouth as it's seeping through your nose and your ears. You begin to panic even further as the cold is starting to take and you feel your muscles beginning to shake and seize from the onset of hypothermia. You begin to head to the bottom of the pool again, and this time, you crack your head on the bottom in the middle of your stupor, and you reach up and scream in pain. As you do, the blood fills your lungs and you begin to feel yourself drown. You begin to shake and convulse as you begin to try to find a way to force it out of your body and you can't. And at that moment, where all of a sudden you realize that this is it. This is the end. This is how the tale of Percival comes to an end. The sensation goes warm again. And it's like all that cold energy goes away, and you're now swimming in water, then air, and the pain subsides, and you're breathing normally. But you still stand in darkness, and you hear these distant footsteps. (clicking footsteps) Sourceless. No light, just shadow. And you look around over your shoulder and then right behind you, you see immediately a white porcelain face, the head is just standing there amongst the shadow. "I've watched." "Then ask them." "Many things are released in this world. "Many terrible, many wonderful. Many things. "Ask the right questions." The mask, which has not shown any expression at this point, pulls back a little bit from you and almost seems to grow in size. It's strange; the proportion seems to stay the same, but suddenly your vision shifts and you realize, no, it's farther away from you and is just suddenly immense, like your visual focus just changes and your whole perspective suddenly causes you to lose sense of scale and balance. The voice comes in, this time louder "You were always broken, Percival. "And you were preyed upon, just as it preys upon others, "and will continue to do so until finally destroyed." "Perhaps. "Your deeds will guide your path to salvation or damnation. "The choice is yours. You skirt that line still." "I've already helped, Percival. "Do not think the path that you and your allies walk "goes unseen. "There are many of those in this world that represent the will of us, "just as there are those who represent the will "of those that combat us and always have. "There are a great many deeds ahead of you. "It's your choice to take them. "Just know should you not watch yourself, "you may not find yourself on our side." "All life is inherently broken from the start, Percival. "Take solace in that. "There is no perfection in life. "Otherwise, what would be the purpose of death? "It's to try to find ways to better yourself before the end "that gives us purpose. "You are all broken, but also understand," At this point, her voice gets very deep and very resonant. "Mortals can achieve great things. "I did." And the mask pulls back into the shadows and suddenly (gasp, cough) you begin coughing, finding your way to the surface, pouring blood out of your mouth and coughing and eventually you find your way over, breathing heavily, to the side of the pool and (grunt) pull yourself onto the side. (cough) Cough the rest of it up. A little bit of moonlight peeks through, and you can see the beams refracting through the purples and reds and blues and just hints of specks of light that just shimmer across the surface of this dark, glass-like floor. You do so. Okay. All righty. So, as Percival finally wanders in, is there anything else anyone wants to achieve before the evening's done? We're still evening at the moment, if there's anything else you wish to achieve. Otherwise-- You do manage to draw a comfortable bath for your brother and wash him clean. You aid him in washing himself clean. So you specify. It's going to be late. Okay. You do notice Percy enter. Looks a little frazzled, but doesn't seem to-- Make a perception check. I want you to make a dexterity check. MARISHA AND You see, just faintly behind one of his ears and at the edge of his collar on his coat, just a bit of familiar crimson, and a look of... a distant stare that is familiar. Okay, so the first 12 hours are completed, but you do not sleep? Written by John Cleese. It's a wonderful piece. Okay. Yeah, fair enough. All right. You guys all find yourself to rest, except for Scanlan, who takes a point of exhaustion for going through the night without sleep. Yeah. Basically, it means any ability checks, any skill checks until you get a full night's rest are at disadvantage, yeah. All right, as you find yourselves to rest, most of you the morning light comes, greeting you to a new day, and we're going to go ahead and take a break. We'll be back here in a few minutes, guys. Reminder, once again Loot Crate, our awesome sponsor, check them out at lootcrate.com/criticalrole, enter criticalrole-- one word-- to get $3 off a subscription. We'll be back here in a minute, guys. Joe Mad poster! For the DX boxes, so be active in the chat. Welcome back, guys. So, as we return to the game, the morning comes to you all in Vasselheim as you awake in the Slayer's Take guildhall. A brisk morning, but not too cold. The clouds are actually a little more separate this morning. You get brief moments of blue; it looks like the weather is a little clearer than you're used to seeing in this vicinity. But the day is yours. What do you guys wish to do? Yeah, he picked up the hat. You guys are right now having breakfast in the guildhall. There's maybe two other individuals in the room. One of them is drunkenly asleep and snoring. The other appears to be going about their business. You can specify a target In general terms. You have no knowledge of the Feywild. You have a general idea of it, somewhat-- Somewhat, just through your learning. You never actually visited there. The Feywild is a near plane, a plane that overlaps this Prime Material Plane. It's a version of the world you live in right now that is shifted and changed in a place where time, distance is relative and shifts. Nature grows rampant and in cases is hard to really expect its direction. Things and entities exist there that prefer to trick and lose wanderers. It's a very strange place where some believe elves initially come from or craft from there, at least. You have no idea. You don't know anything about the transition to the Feywild. You just know that certain doors open at certain times, especially with full moons in certain locations, the classic toadstool rings, areas where the moonlight in the realms can be a little thinner and the barrier doors do open, and those are where creatures can transition out or through. You do know it's a place of fey magic, it's tricky, it's difficult to follow. Very, like, Oberon and Titania. Weird. Interesting. Yes? You guys missed six episodes. (exaggerated sounds of relief) The Ozmit Sea is to the east of you, east-southeast, and that is a wide gulf that separates-- from your perspective, looking at me, there's Othanzia, Ozmit Sea, and there's Tal'Dorei right here. I'll have both of you guys make history checks. You barely know what glass is right now. Explain. Make an intelligence check. Natural 1? Doesn't quite come to you, but what it could be. The idea of a volcano possibly comes to mind, but-- Yeah. You have not been there, you haven't seen it, but some of your crewmates while you were traveling aboard your ship for that five, six-month period, a couple of them did mention something about on the sea, a mirage-like island that glistens in the distance, but they said to avoid it, said it was dangerous. No. You know of The Shrew, you definitely know of The Shrew. Come around again? Yeah, it was good. What's the plan? All right, as you guys walk outside of the Slayer's Take guildhall, you find the nearest tree, which you've used before to traverse. As you all step through the portal, Percy and Scanlan look over their shoulder at the distant skyport and see the one airship docked there and think, "One day..." You jump through and emerge out the other side. As you step out of the portal, you find yourself jumping out of the center of the Sun Tree. What do you want to do? As you finish this thought, you hear this sound emerge (vacuum sealing sound) and realize it's the sound of the whole portal you've made closing behind you because it only lasts for six seconds and you should probably get the hell out of the tree. As you step out, a voice goes, "Hey, boo, sorry.(kiss noise)" (laughter) You guys emerge. Due to the time differences, you land here in Whitestone, looking at where the sun is in the sky, it's early afternoon, as opposed to the morning where you guys just stepped away from. There are people in the streets, and you see a few, a little bit of life has returned to this town square, though still, by comparison-- there are folks now that are bringing in actual, healthy, looks to be fruits from nearby trees. There's a little bit of trade going on. This is the first real chance you've had to see a little bit of Whitestone coming to life again. As you emerge from the tree, a few individuals nearby stop and look and smile and wave, recognizing you as you approach. Actually, no, there are not. There are no leaves on the Sun Tree. Okay. You whistle as loud as you can for a little bit. Nothing. You head off and, asking around, you find Zahra is actually up in Castle Whitestone right now, just poring through one of the studies of books, and is just currently reading and reading on her own. As you eventually ask around and find your way there, entering the room, you see her with a small set of spectacles at the end of her nose. She takes them off and, "My darling Vex'ahlia!" And comes up and just gives you a big hug and picks you up and sets you down. "I'm so glad to see you're all right." "You killed a dragon?" "I knew you would." "I don't know. He's testy these days. "I'm sure he's around." "Probably down in the city somewhere. "He's helping where he can. You know broody types." Yes, you do. "Oh, I'm just learning about the history of Whitestone "and I'm very intrigued as to the actual properties "of this stone the entire town is built on. "There's a lot of really, really interesting things "that can be done with the materials in these mountains." "I do." You guys continue your conversation, catching up, letting her know how things happened, and vice versa. You don't get any info that any dragons have come by. Apparently, there have been a few other arcane practitioners that have been helping set up some sort of barrier to help, essentially, dissuade attention towards the city. The idea of keeping this place as far off the map as possible, should any prying eyes find their way there. It's in the process of being set up right now. "A few weeks." "Probably, based on what-- (sighs) if I'm able to use "some of the resources here within the castle, maybe." "All right, perhaps I can." "Wondrous." What else are you guys trying to achieve here? He told you guys that a long time ago. (laughs) You start asking around. You come across a few folks you recognize, you find a few of the guards who helped you with the initial reconstruction of this city and such and asking around. One of the nearby guards takes his helmet off and is like, "First off, I am so excited "that you guys are back. I'm so glad you're all safe. "I heard that you were off to do some dangerous things." "Well, great, I'm glad that you've survived. "Looking for Mr. Gilmore, "he's actually down with the Realmseer. "They're inspecting the ziggurat underneath the city, "so you could head down there if you wanted to find him." "It's under the castle." "Yes." He puts his helmet back on. "Thank you again for all that you do." He clicks his heels together and continues walking through the city. Everyone else going with? All right. You make your way down to the basement area of Whitestone Castle, into the family catacombs, which have been cleaned up and you can see Cassandra has put a little bit of care into restoring it to what it was before. The tunnel that was carved in has been given a little more support, and as you're making your way down a familiar tunnel, the same tunnel where you had the showdown with Orthax, you hear a few voices from up ahead. Two familiar voices. You hear the echo of some older, gruff, elderly gentleman and a little more rambunctious familiar voice. As they turn the corner, you see them deep in conversation. It's the Realmseer himself hunched forward with his white hair and balding top, turns around, "And it's a great mystery to me "that they can put a-- Oh, look! They've returned. "Vox Machina themselves." Gilmore, at this point, opens his arms, standing and healthy. "My god, I've been waiting for you." "And all of you so graciously clean!" "Well, I have you to thank for that. "Still a ways to go." "Well, you all have Kima to thank for that. "She's been quite attentive to my needs." "Curious place, this Whitestone. "Well, the company's interesting." The Realmseer laughs. He's like, "(chuckles) So I've heard." "We've spent a little bit of time "looking at this strange oddity beneath the city, "and I'm not going to lie to you, it's really confusing. "I've a few theories on it, as does the Arcanist, "but we're still comparing notes "and we don't want to jump to any conclusions, "as tests have been inconclusive and rather dangerous so far. "However, before anything else goes underway, I believe there's "a very important bit of business that we must attend to." And he walks straight up to Grog and just gives you a big hug. And pats you on the shoulder and is like, "(chuckling) You big lug." Walks over to you, Pike, and kneels down and gives you a little pinch on the cheek and is like, "Looking as spry and smiley as ever, I see." "Ooh." He turns to you. "Vex'ahlia, look at you. I hear, if my words say correct, "that you folks are a recent dragon-slaying bunch, hmm?" "(chuckles) Good to know." And goes to Scanlan and goes to ruffle your hair, and goes, "And you, you, my little bardish friend." "No, you're actually physically little." "You are a tinier person." "So I've heard from all sorts of interesting folk. "I only hope one day to wear clothes as fine as you." "Percival." "Thank you for taking me into your home." "I'm... happy to keep things lit. (sighs)" At which point, he goes to look towards you. The Realmseer's sitting there tapping his arm; he's like, "Right, get on with it, we've got work to be done." And, "Shh. You be quiet. These people have saved my life. "Keyleth. Sweet Ashari princess." "You've grown. I can see it in your eyes." He gives you a big hug. "Vax." "Vax'ildan. Light of my eye. Smiling boy." (laughter) As he sets you down, he’s like, "Ooh, I shouldn't have done that. My apologies." "Don't touch that. It's still very tender." "My sight is sore, so this works out well. "But please, these tunnels are dank and not becoming of us. "Dinner should be happening soon "and you should join us, now that you've returned, please." "Let's talk over dinner." "Let's talk over dinner." "That is part of the test. Nothing blew up. Things did go away." "We'll talk over dinner. "I hate to have this discussion without Allura here. "I think this would only behoove the conversation "if we're all present." "(chuckling) Well!" "Color me intrigued." "It was a good wink. Finest in the land. "Well, come to the surface, then! This place is dreary." "You, too, Eskil." You all eventually make your way back to the surface, to Whitestone. "You and me both." Yeah, it's all good. (laughing) To dinner. (shoonk) Okay. Not a worry. All right, so as the sun sets, you find your way down to the proper dinner table. Gilmore is there, Eskil is there, Cassandra is there... You guys look fantastic. Fine outfits have been provided for the men, if they wish to wear them, as well. Some do not. All righty. As you guys sit down, pleasantries are exchanged-- (yawns) Pardon me. You catch up a bit with Cassandra. Partway through-- What? Within the next 15 minutes or so, before food is brought to the table, Allura finally enters in a very, very nice dress, and says, "It is so good to see you all are safe." She then gives you a big, wonderful hug. "Well..." She looks over this way and Kima walks in, for the first time you've seen her really out of armor since you first saw her. Her hair is also in similar braids to her side and she herself is wearing a golden dress, though she's kind of like... She comes in. "Hello." She gives you a hug and goes, "It's good to see you guys. I'm glad you're all right... "This feels weird. Does this feel weird? This feels weird." "That's what I'm saying! Do I have to wear-- "he's not wearing anything. Do I have to wear--" "You don't have to wear it, Kima. It was just a suggestion." "I'm going to go change. I'll be right back." She darts off for a bit and Allura smiles and facepalms a bit. You guys catch up a bit as Allura speaks about her and Drake's escape from Westruun. Kima eventually comes back, wearing ratty clothing. Shirt, pants, the general wear she'd pick up throughout the city. And is still carrying her small maul at her side. It's like her little comfort blanket. (thud) Next to the table. She scoots up next to Allura. Gilmore snaps his fingers and wine begins to pour from the servants. Cassandra says, "Well, thank you all for coming. "I believe there is much to get underway here. This,"a "So, while you've been gone. "Allura, you've been doing this research for a bit." "Thank you, thank you. So, we've been trying "to ascertain the nature of the ziggurat beneath the city. "The ziggurat itself is built over "what appears to be an ancient temple of Ioun. "The glass substance, "the diluted whitestone that has been reformed into glass, "is used as a very strong arcane current. "A lot of energy was being placed in this location, "as there is an actual, what appears to be "an arcane leyline, a nexus point, "near and above Whitestone, hence the Sun Tree's placement." "And why it flourishes so well in this region. "But everything within a certain vicinity of this temple, "of this dark spot, if you will, is eaten. "Doesn't vanish, it's not cancelled, it's taken. Devoured. "Everything placed within that small little globule of darkness "is taken somewhere as well. "Now, at first, we thought maybe it was just destroying, "but the arcane energy we feel, "the flow of it, it's drawing it somewhere. "Meaning that this is not what I had feared to be "a sphere of annihilation, an object of complete destruction. "Instead it feels like it's a siphon. "Now, a siphon. Siphons are very old. Siphons were used in the First War. "They were used as a means "of transferring extremely powerful... "raw magical powers. "They were placed strategically throughout the world's crust "at these various nexus points "as a means of creating extremely powerful relics. "The ones that you seek, the ones that made the Vestiges themselves, "were crafted through the use of some of these siphons, "but they have been lost and, many thought, "destroyed for a very long time, or at least inert. "I have reason to believe that this may be one. "And it may be active. "As to where the other side lies, I do not know. "Because each siphon has two points." "Perhaps." "I have no idea. "Everything we've attempted to put through it "that had any sort of magical connection, "whether it be through inter-planal scrying, "anything that would bring us to the other side of this, "is crushed, consumed, and transferred as part of it. "None of our rituals or enchantments "will let us see through this spinning marble, as you call it." "Seemingly, yes." "We're still delving into it, "and it may be a little while before we figure this out, "but this is the best I can ascertain with my knowledge at my disposal. "And the Realmseer and Gilmore can back up this research. "We've all worked together these past weeks "and we're all kind of coming to the same conclusion." She gestures to Gilmore. Gilmore says, "I've only been on this case personally "for a few days "of rising health standards in my body "and I've thrown everything I can at it, honestly, "and it's all just come to nothing. Gone. (pthbbt)" "You're telling me." "(laughing) I'm not sending a person through there." Gilmore cocks a curious eye to the Realmseer. The Realmseer thinks and scratches his chin, looks to Allura. Allura looks down at the table with her arms crossed, looks to Kima. Kima's finishing her big drink. "I stay away from it. It creeps the hell out of me." "Not to my knowledge. Do you think we should be worried?" "The difficulty in our research "is most of our means of inspection are, well," "Of arcane nature." "We're open to all possible suggestions. "We're kind of at the end of our rope for the time being. "We may send a few of us across the way to, well, "a few different places for more information. "May do a bit of traveling ourselves, it seems." "Hm. Please do." They kind of look to themselves. "None yet, but we've been very careful. "We're in the process of installing some semblance of, "(sighs) for lack of a better term, sort of a screen. "Ways to reflect and perhaps cloud anyone "who attempts to peer too far into the northern regions of Whitestone. "The last thing we need "is any of these dragons finding their way up north "where you've kept all of us and the refugees safe, "so we're trying not to piss any of them off, "while also trying to make sure that maybe they're "not really looking behind this curtain of cloud." "We're doing our best to try and meet those standards." Allura leans forward on the table. "No, I see. You're right. "There is merit in that, though it will be difficult. "Many here look up to you. "They see you as the salvation of this city. "But I believe we can go about and speak with them "and help instill the idea that it's for the better good "that you are not mentioned." Allura says, "I did find some research "on some of these Vestiges you are seeking." "From what I could bring forth "from the Cobalt Reserve in Westruun, "there is an artifact that lies in the Feywild, "swallowed by a terrible tree." "Is that the name of it?" "So you've found some information yourself?" "(sighs) This tree that holds it, it's a tree seeded by the betrayal "of an archfey whose hatred burned into a black heart of disease. "The cleansing rivers of the Gilded Run "prevent the spread of the Shademirk Bog that seeps from it." "It doesn't sound very fun, no." "The Shademirk Bog." "It seeps from this tree. "It is held at bay by the rivers of the Gilded Run." "Mm-hm." "From best I could ascertain from my research, yes." "It is very possible." "I don't, unfortunately. Most of the Cobalt Reserve was destroyed "and I was under siege at the moment from the return of the dragons. (sighs)" "I've not been there myself, to be honest. It creeps me out." "I did find also about the Spire of Conflux. "It is a staff that can bend the elements "and was taken into The Abyss "by Joran the Sea-Speaker, hero of the Verdant Expanse, "about four centuries back, and was never heard from again." "Joran the Sea-Speaker." "Perhaps." "I do have some research about the dragons, as well." "I've done a bit of looking into the personality types, "the habits of some of these chromatics you may be coming up against. "The black dragon, you seemingly already dealt with, "if word has come to me correctly." "Which is magnificent and well done. Very dangerous. "Let's hope they don't decide to strike back soon." "I did find that the white dragons, they're more primal. "They're overall less intelligent than other chromatics." And some of this information you know. "But what they do is they-- "(sighs) well, don't let the lack of intelligence "lull you into comfort. "They are also unpredictable and raw. "Dangerous hunters, "they stalk in ruined lands of ice and vengeance. "Their memory is eternal. "They recall every slight defeat "and have been known to hold vendettas for centuries and centuries. "They despise other dragons "and this loose alignment with Thordak "is stranger than the others for the white dragon. "Though Vorugal's distance to the others is intentional, most likely. "I mean, the entire alignment between them is strange, anyway, "but particularly with the white dragon. "They generally steer very clear of, or are bent on destroying, "any other types of dragons that may wander in their midst." "Green dragons, in particular, are manipulative. "Liars, by nature, finding pleasure in power over others. "Through deceit and promises of wealth and glory, they corrupt. "They play subservience to other dragons, "then plot their demise to claim their hoards. "They're the seedy underbelly of the chromatic world, if you will. "They amass powerful allies, human and beyond, to their will, "bending them and using them as tools. "Their life and their very presence "is poison to those around them, "and is the very basis of their danger. "They corrupt the air around them to be venomous. "I found a bit about this Raishan you mentioned, "and word has spoken, though little that exists out there, "that she is also a very practitioned "weaver of the arcane arts, so be warned." "I can imagine that's quite within her grasp. "I've heard rumors of her calling the sky down upon her enemies. "Previous individuals that hoped to raid her space "were swallowed in quaking earth as she laughed from above." "I mean, most of these dragons "lived their lives wherever they once were before. "Raishan used to exist in the mountains outside of Syngorn "and actually had amassed "a sizeable horde of followers, lizard-men. Lizardfolk, all sorts." "Thordak we had banished, yes. Thordak, in particular. "Now, red dragons are true tyrants, built on impulse and rage. "Arrogant to the core, "they see themselves as rightful rulers over all. "And Thordak, the king of all other dragons, as well. "He is powerful enough to amass networks "of spies and followers far beyond "just the dragons that we've battled, I'm sure. "So the more time that passes, "the more powerful that network will become." "Well, we had, through clever subterfuge, "managed to have a member of our team "work as a follower of Thordak, "work into his greater trust "and convince him that to perpetuate his wealth, "his growth, his strength, "that he needed to truly embrace the essence of fire. "And there are crystals, "there are remnants of the First War "that exist in this world and others. "The very core of the elemental chaos itself, "the hearts of the titans left behind. "These heart-stones are the very basis, "or, at least, shadows of the basis "of what made the elements when creation came to be. "We had found one of these on the Fire Plane, "but the nature of these is that they cannot be removed. "If they are brought beyond the plane themselves, "they generally shatter, "and the few that can be brought across temporarily, "the magics that contain them do weaken, "and those that attempted to harness their power "leave it to ruin, destroying all around them "before it whirls itself into a frenzy "of uncontrollable arcane mass and destroys everything nearby. "These were many of the fools "who ushered in the beginning of the Second War. "So. Essentially, we convinced Thordak "to find one of these in the plane "and convinced him that he had the power to contain it. "Once there, all of our forces gathered "and we attacked him, pressed him down, "and the gem that we had convinced him-- "the heart-stone that we had convinced him "to take into himself, "well, we found a way to seal it, "to banish it permanently to that plane so that he could not escape." She turns and you can see Gilmore's sitting at the table like this. "I got a very good close at that dragon. "A very good close look, to finish my sentence. "I've been drinking plenty of wine tonight; don't judge me." "It is very expensive, fine wine." "Thank you, Grog, it's wondrous." "But his mass, "his unforeseen size to a creature like that. "I couldn't help but notice that within his torso "there was a pulsing heart... "of red glass." He looks over to Allura. Allura nods. "Well, if that is the case, then it's, I think, "there's very much a chance "that he did escape with the heart-stone intact." "An intact heart-stone is the true source of power. "Those have been carved from one, an inert one, or, at least, "they carry but a smidgen of the power. "I think you're safe, Grog." Allura leans in again. "I have been keeping an eye on Emon from this distance, as well. "It seems that Thordak's very essence "twists the land with elemental magic." "My distant views of the city "have shown the center of the town cracked with volcanic fire "as he digs and burrows beneath the city itself." "Their essence is created where they reside." "A heart-stone. There are many." "I don't know. He seems pretty lax. "From what I could tell from my investigations, "the major step in the Conclave's plan "is already over." "Now they settle into the divided territories "and forget each other. "Now, I feel that Thordak is far too old and covetous "to be content with just Emon. "Now, this was vengeance, which is now complete. "Who knows what the next stage in his terrible design is." "There are very few "permanent alliances between chromatic dragons." "I don't know, "but he was not that large when we sealed him." "Hundred miles. "There were reports of the white dragon a week ago, "south of us. Far south of us." "Just flying. Flying east." "No. I've tried to scry, "but they're apparently protected against that now." "We're just getting now to that point. "It may be a few weeks before we're ready to go. "It's a lot to build and it's a very big space to protect, "but me and Drake are working on some ideas. (sighs)" "They're not forged. They existed. "They were the hearts of the primordial titans "that existed on this world before the gods even came here." "They were the true denizens of this world, before any of us." "I'm sorry, it's been a very tense time." "Perhaps rest is in order for all of us. "It's been a lot. I'm so sorry. It's good to see all of you." Allura brightens up a little bit. You can see that she feels guilty that she just did this information dump and is like, "(sighs) It's good to see all of you." "(sighs) Well, let us rest for the evening." Drinks the last of her wine, stands up. "We'll talk on the morrow." She gets up. "Kima?" "I'm coming, let me finish." LAURA AND "No, seriously, it's good to see you all. "I'm glad you're all right." "I should've been with you. I didn't know you left!" "Is Westruun okay?" "Does my house still stand?" (hesitant noises) "Oh, it's fine." "Object impermanence. (glug glug) "Next time you're going there, you tell me." "You saying I wasn't pretty, Grog?" "That's why I missed you." She reaches out and smacks your cheek. "All right, kiddies, sleep it is." Kima gets up and joins Allura, and they both leave. Gilmore stands up, Realmseer stands up. "All right, everyone. Rest well. See you in the morning. "And, ah, glad you're all safe." "Good night, everyone." "Sleep well." (laughs) You guys all going to rest? Okay, what do you want to do? Yeah, it's still there. Okay. (laughs) You cast the spell, you reach out and touch the roots of the tree, the roots of which have more color than they did before. The dull gray has become more of a full brown. The earth here smells of fresh, damp earth. The tree, while still in the winter phase, is definitely teeming with life, to where it once didn't. Mmm... not really. In speaking to the tree, you can ask questions, but you're not quite-- you find yourself unable to tune into that or tap into that source of magic. At this place, at least. "Hey, bud. Much better." (laughter) "Sun Tree, A-OK." (laughter) "Yeah?" "Tree cancer? What?" "That sounds sad, but no. "I don't know a tree like that, sorry. "I've been here in Whitestone since day one." (laughter) So I graduated from Berkeley and made my way to Whitestone. (laughter) (groans) "Yeah?" "Yeah." "Long way, Kiki. "Long way." (laughter) "Nah, just right here. Pelor put me here for a reason." "Yeah." "Sure." "Speak for yourself, Kiki." "You, too." (laughs) All right. The one in the cemetery is still under construction. That one needs a little more work. Most of the graves have been refilled, the corpses have been brought back. Most of the dead that were brought forth from the previous owners have been returned. That was one of the first orders of business that people who live here did, was to return their families to the earth. There would have been, yeah. Okay. All right. You come back to the study where you originally found Zahra. She's still there poring over books, but is now half-asleep. She has a little candle that's starting to flicker out and she has her feet up on the desk and her tail's kind of curled up and she's falling asleep into the book as you walk in. "What?" "Sleep's for the boring." "What do you ask, Percy?" "Intriguing." "All right." "Very well. I'm sure it can be done. "I never owned a crypt before. I'm excited." She takes the vial and puts it on the table. Okay. Go ahead and make your tinkering check. That'll do. All right. Everyone else going to rest? Make a perception check. Looks clear. All righty. A lot of time passes. A few hours pass before she returns, but she eventually does. All right, make a perception check. As you approach the door, you look down and see a smear of dark, reflective oil across the walkway about two feet leading up to your room. You guys have a cluster of rooms in this long hallway, and it arcs around like an L. So you guys are in this big L of all your rooms scattered throughout. Yeah, it's pretty slippery. The hand stays for a minute, then-- Yeah, it's pretty thick. Also has a fume to it. All right. Well done. All right. You guys all get into bed. Anything else you want to get done? Okay. You guys all find yourselves back to your respective rooms, resting for the night. Some doors adorned differently than others. Partway into the evening's resting, we'll say the wee hours of the morning, post-midnight or so, your door opens slightly, Vax. You hear a little (knocking sound) on your door. You look over and you see Gilmore pop his head in with a soft smile. "I'm sorry if I'm waking you up." "Here." And he produces what looks like a folded pile of material and throws it on the foot of your bed and goes, "Come, Vax, I made you a gift. "Put it on, come walk with me awhile. We have a lot to talk about." It's a very well-crafted silk robe of dark blue and black. Beaded, nice against the skin. It's really, really nice. That's fantastic. All right. He waits for you patiently in the hallway. So he begins walking along. Puts his arm out to you. You take his arm. You guys walk up along the hallway. He leads you to a staircase that leads up further, and he goes, "I know a lot has happened these recent months. "I've been watching from afar, "keeping tabs on your journey best that I can. "But I still know so little." You ascend the lengthy staircase and you make your way to the higher floor. You eventually open an intricate door and walk out onto a wide balcony on that tower that overlooks the grounds and the castle before you. Beautiful moonlight, the night air. You see the moon is nearly full and the white light illuminates the densely-forested countryside surrounding the castle. He closes the door and walks up to you at the edge of the balcony, looking over it all, elbows on the edge. "Some time has passed, Vax. "And much of the world moves on to newer, greater threats. "But true pain never really heals." He turns to you and steps up to you, looking you close in the face. "You hurt me deeply. And continue to hurt. "Agony, for weeks, months. "Pain I had never experienced. "(deepening to a growl) It's all I can think about." You would, if you had time. The pain hits you suddenly, before anything else does, as you're lost in that face and the sudden feeling, the sensation of terror and horror. You suffer 18 points of piercing damage, and I need you to make a constitution saving throw. Mm-hmm. You feel the poison-- Roll again. You feel what should be a pulse of poison hit your system and you manage to fight it off as suddenly you look down and there is Gilmore holding a blade thrust into your stomach, your robes now beginning to fill with crimson red around the wound. It's at that moment you see him pull you in and stare into your face with a very low growl, "It's all I think about." And you watch as a flicker to his form happens and you see for a second there's a flash not skin, but fur. You see teeth, you see whiskers, and the hand holding the dagger is facing the other direction. That's where we're going to end tonight's session. (shocked exclamations) (laughs) We'll be back next week. What a rakshasa does. (laugh) You also happened to lean in real close-- And whisper in the ear of the rakshasa as he slowly slit its throat across the floor. Yeah. It just wants to come back and show you the same love. Oh, boy. This will be interesting next week when we kick in. Guys, great game tonight. Awesome. Well, guys, we're going to go ahead and get home and rest. Hope you enjoyed tonight's episode. Is there? Okay, we'll do a giveaway afterwards. Perfect. One more DX Loot Crate box coming your way.