Hello, everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. Hate you, Liam. (laughter) You'll never know. So anyway! Welcome new folks. People who aren't new folks, welcome back. We have some announcements to get to real fast, then we'll jump into the actual story proper here. But, yeah! So, first and foremost, I wanted to give a big thanks and shout-out to Syrinscape, I mentioned them in last week's game, I put together my gaming playlists on their platform, and I'm going to be trying them out tonight to make sure everything works out cool, but their setup is fantastic and I'm really excited about being able to overlap audio, and things fade in and out. If you haven't checked it out, and you want to really amp up your tabletop gaming, it's phenomenal. But they're not paying for this, I'm really excited about it. So that's that, Syrinscape's awesome. Marisha, you want to talk about Signal Boost? Yeah, it's the weirdest thing. Watch it. It's good. All right. Next thing I wanted to announce for you guys, tonight's donations, and all donations for the week, are going to be going, as opposed to 826 overall, are going to go to 826Seattle specifically, to Fearless Ideas, is what it's called there, their section up there, you can go to FearlessIdeas.org. This past week there was a terrible gas explosion in Seattle, you may have seen on the news, and it did a lot of damage to that vicinity, including Fearless Ideas, and they've had to cancel a bunch of their stuff, and they're trying to get things repaired and going. So all of our donations this evening will be going towards them and helping them get that effort taken care of. So think good thoughts and help out if you can. Let's see. TRAVIS and 826. We've, next Friday, in Anaheim, at WonderCon, Friday night, we'll be doing a Critical Role panel, from 700 to 800pm, in Room 515A. Next Friday. Next Friday. But most of us will be there for that panel. We'll be doing a Q&A, answering questions, talking about the show, for all the folks that are local or coming to that convention in the Anaheim area of southern California. So, look forward to seeing you there, next Friday. (laughs) Okay. We'll go over that. Mystery-- secret, I like it. Wanted to give another shout-out to Dwarven Forge again, I mentioned them last week. You got to get a glimpse of some of the map stuff they gave us here at Critical Role to help improve our battle mats and scenarios on occasion. Their new Castle Builder Kickstarter is phenomenal, and if you're looking to do big structures and cool castle-based ramparts and parapets and everything, go check it out, it might be right up your alley. So pretty. It's so pretty. Also, Laura, if you want to announce, we have some new merch up in the store! (Gilmore voice) "Don't worry. Trust me, it's a fabulous shirt. Some would even say it's quite "glorious." For those who don't know what those are, the d20 spin rings, or spin rings in general, they're actually two separate moving pieces with ball bearings on the inside, and you have all numbers one through 20 on the actual ring, and you can spin it with your finger, and it acts like a die roll! What could possibly go wrong? Liam! You wanted to-- Which, a few of us will be running a quick little one-shot game I'll be running with the aid of one of their local gentlemen. And it should be a ridiculously ridiculous time! And it'll be a lot of fun. Oh yeah. We got plans. I've co-DM'd before, it can be very interesting. And very chaotic. I'm excited. Probably. This is technically light green, guys, by the way, just so you're aware. Cool. Just making sure we're all cool on that. Shh, that's just for you. Drove the Slytherin from Ireland. He got rid of them all. They are the best, aren't they? Last but not least, unless anyone else has any other announcements to make, anything else? And last, next week, we'll have a special guest joining us for an episode, a new guest, the intrepid Nerdist himself, Chris Hardwick, will be coming in for a game next week. (cheering) So thanks for coming, Chris. I don't know, it'll be fun. Hoping every guest is a cleric. Just in case. All right, then. Without further ado, unless you guys have anything else, we'll go ahead and hop into a quick synopsis of where we are in Critical Role. Sam will be here shortly, guys, don't freak out. He's dealing with children and traffic. So. Where we left off. The party of Vox Machina, having to deal with the current terrible danger of the Chroma Conclave, a collection of very dangerous dragons that have torn through the entire Tal'Dorei countryside, have then gone on this quest to collect allies, and find these items called the Vestiges of Divergence, these artifacts of ancient wars that carry great power and seem to be the best way you could prepare yourselves for going up against these terrifyingly powerful entities. In searching for this, you went and made your way to Vasselheim, where you reacquired and reestablished friendships with Zahra and Kashaw, two allies from previous instalments of our wondrous adventure, as well as getting Lady Kima on loan from the Platinum Sanctuary of Bahamut, and you all went to seek the first bit of information you discovered about one of these vestiges, not too far from Vasselheim. The champion of the Raven Queen's armor that had been entombed within this temple that had sunken beneath a lake. After traveling to this lake, finding your way through this subterranean, watery location, you found the location of the tomb, upon which, a series of fish creatures, called kuo-toa, had seemingly been worshiping another denizen of this temple, a rather strange slime-covered beholder, that then surprised the party. The battle hard-fought, you came out victorious, and upon going to retrieve your spoils, a trap was set off in the tomb, dodged by one, survived by a bear, and claimed the life of our beloved Vex'ahlia. After a resurrection ritual attempted by Kashaw, the party helping, they were successful in bringing her soul back from the other side, restoring her to life, and the party then, figuring out what their next step in their journey was, took their new allies, via Keyleth's Teleportation via Plants spell, back to Whitestone, which seems to be building as this defensive bastion, this currently not on the radar of the Conclave location that needs defenses, and a good place to keep your allies at the time. And that was where we left off, as you guys had just stepped back into Whitestone. Nope! I'd say through the evening's travels-- Well, you guys slept all night the night before you went to the temple, the temple's probably been-- Yeah, you guys did camp out. You talked. Regardless. You found your way to Whitestone. We'll say for the sake of the current setting, you've come in in a rather overcast mid-afternoon in Whitestone, you may have spent some time there gathering yourselves as your allies scope out their new surroundings, the people of Whitestone accepting you as you arrive, you can always see people walking by and catching a glance at the group of heroes known as Vox Machina that helped liberate them from the oppressive Briarwoods not long ago. Kima, who is with you, is like, "Is she?" "Haven't heard from her since-- You say Westruun was under attack as well?" "That prideful woman." She slings her hammer off her shoulder and slams it to the ground and says, "Well. If she doesn't arrive in the next few hours, I'm going to gather a party and we're going "to go to Westruun and find her." Her hammer slams into her metallic armor, and she goes, "I've a much bigger dragon backing me up." And she looks up to the sky for a second and grins. (frustrated sigh) "I'll wait a few days." "Okay. Not a bad idea." "Okay. I need a drink." She charges off, looking for the nearest tavern. Zahra and Kashaw looking around expectantly as you continue this conversation. Kash crosses his arms, goes, "Great place. There's a lot of white." Of which Zahra comes and steps over and is like, "Don't worry, darling. (laughter) So, sleeping arrangements, I hope?" "That's what I like to hear. All right. To the castle, Kash?" "Sure. It's better than, well, it's better than anything. "Let's go for the castle." And they both make their way towards Whitestone Castle, to find a comfortable place to get themselves situated in their new surroundings. What is that? What is that blur of green? All right, so. You guys all heading to the castle? You head to the castle. Cassandra isn't there at the moment, but Keeper Yennen is currently there with a few other members of the makeshift council you guys put together towards the end. One of the heads of the entire farming establishment here in Whitestone is with them, and they're having a conversation. As Zahra and Kashaw burst in first, he's like, "I'm sorry, we're not "currently taking visitors, could you-- Oh. Friends of yours, I presume?" "Gracious. Oh, I see you yourself carry the vestments of a man of the cloth. Who brings your "power this day?" Kashaw gives him a look and goes, "You don't even want to know, buddy." Walks past him. "Very well! I assume they're staying here as well." "They'll be taken care of, Percival." "This is good news." "Dead?!" "So, the armor is what killed you?" "Vestiges." "Um--" And he puts a couple of small, armored, like, studded-leather gloves on and has to carefully reach out for the vestments as you hand them. And he grabs them. "Give me a bit of "time with them, perhaps, I need to clarify what this enchantment may be. Do you mind staying "around, just in case?" "Don't feel strange that I don't trust this, but, based on your history with it, I would like a "little backup." So, he carries you off down the far hallway, you didn't get this far into Whitestone when you initially came through, but towards the back there was a small study area converted into a research establishment largely set up for the ziggurat beneath the city. He clears off an area of the table and sets this down. And he takes some time working with the vestments before he eventually, and it's this awkward quiet of hearing him mutter to himself and bring out a symbol and bring over a minor enchantment to reveal information, that tearing into the divinity, the divine magic that is granted to him, before he says, "This carries the "mark of the Raven Queen, a very strong mark. I've not seen power like this in but an object." "That's a strange name." "Regardless, it appears that this armor does help fortify one's defenses from any sort of "physical damage, as well as give you a chance of surviving even the most dangerous of near-death "experiences. It also grants a fluid resistance to the elements. Here." And he hands it over, and-- who would like to take this? Item card to-- So, to give you the specifics on it, it's plus two to AC. Magical on top of the studded leather armor. Plus two enchantment, beyond just the studded leather armor. It does give you advantage on death saving throws. As it is called the Deathwalker's Ward, and once per short rest, you can set it to be resistant to one of the five types of damage. You choose. You can change it. You can leave it all on one, but if you want to change it during a short rest, you can shift it from fire or cold, or lightning-- "The necklace as well?" He takes it, and he goes, "Well, the chain on this necklace is not actually part of the "enchantment, it's merely to hold the crystal itself. The crystal is the item of particular "interest here, this-- oh, wait a minute." He takes it and he scans over the table and pulls up a jeweler's eyepiece and inspects it closely. "There's something inside this gem." "I can't actually ascertain the nature of whatever being is encased within this, but--" He takes a moment and concentrates on his holy symbol of Pelor, and you can see as he puts aside the eyepiece, his eyes glaze over with a grayish, frosted white color, at which point he inspects the gem very closely, and there's this slight vibration in the air around him. As soon as it fades about a minute later, he pulls back and goes, "This is referred to as the Raven's Slumber. "It's actually a small gateway to a tiny pocket-plane." "It can contain one creature. You have to contact whatever it was, and it can't be too big, "but it can essentially contain something indefinitely within this." "Something is already in this." "Unfortunately, I do not have that capability." "The confines of the space, at least, as part of the enchantment, seem rather small. A bit "larger than you, maybe, but not much more than that." "Here." "So, is that all you require of me?" It's legendary. All right! You read through. There were many, many things throughout the war that were fought entities from the Nine Hells, there was a faction of the Abyss that came in as a third bit of evil in this whole conflict; and while not in alliance against the other forces of chaos, there were many forces of chaos lashing out at what was nearby. So the Champion's-- there was no specific entity that was his chosen, or at least, what you can ascertain to be a specific being of hatred, although it does speak of Purvan, the Champion of the Raven Queen, keeping with him an ally. It doesn't say the nature of the ally, it just says the dangerous and respected Galdric. Make a religion check. 11. The general essence of the Raven Queen she is both loved and feared in equal parts. She does not lord over the afterlife, the underworld, whatever you may call it-- she lords over the moment and the transition of death, which is largely considered neither a good nor evil, just a natural force. It could be accepted either way. Many men fear it, and fear her for that reason, and there are those that instead embrace it as the inevitable. As to the true nature of her intent, no one really knows. It's part of her mystique. After a saving throw. I guess you could technically use it that way, yeah. Elements have been ravaged. Elements of family history have been destroyed so that there couldn't be large connections, or the end of the bloodline itself being too prominently displayed within the castle itself. There is still a library there, though from your knowledge-- and you've read through most of those books growing up-- a lot of them are loose history books; a lot of them are more encyclopedia-like, general knowledge-- It's, I'd say roughly three, three and a half hours northwest of here. Yeah, it's where the forest of the Alabaster Sierras ends and the actual Alabaster Sierra mountain range begins, is where that transitions. All right. So. Yeah, I think you guys decided instead of resting to come to rest here in Whitestone. I'd say by now, with as much time as you spent in the temple, from waking up in the morning, it's getting four in the afternoon, five in the afternoon. The sun's starting to come down, so. It's up to you guys. Yeah, and you're starting to push towards the bottom of your ammunition stack anyway, Percy. Cool. All right, so, who's doing what first? Do you attempt to move out of the way, or take it? All right. (impact sound) Decks you square in the-- for as hefty as a punch it was? Doesn't hurt quite as much as you expected. But it's not the physical pain that hurts, more than the action and the knowledge that there are more repercussions to your rash decision than even you initially anticipated. All right, who else wants to do something? Kima is actually-- she's begun day-drinking into the night! So yeah, she's currently by herself in one of the few functional taverns in Whitestone. It's fairly empty at the moment, especially at this hour as the sun slowly sets. She's not heavy drinking but she's definitely nursing a tankard and quietly contemplating as she sits at the edge of the bar with her hands around the tankard. She's staring at her reflection as she spins it slowly on the wood. You can hear it (scuffing) on the woodgrain. There's like a few other random patrons, but no one catches your eye. No one specifically. Okay. So the two of you, into the tavern-- she doesn't notice you guys. "Keyleth!" "Better." "Let's do it." She looks over to the barkeep. You all stare over and the barkeep is currently there like wiping down the bar section. "For how long?" "Two silver?" "You are fine to use it as you please for the remainder of the afternoon. Just don't mess it "up, please." All right, you make your way up and the place is fairly vacant, there are a couple of rooms that are currently partially-- the doors are ajar and you hear voices in there, and you recognize it's a couple of the refugees that you guys brought over from your keep, currently holed up in this tavern. An inn floor on the second floor. But there are a number of open rooms right now that you could go ahead and step into for use. Okay. So. Do you want to go ahead and attempt a Scry ritual? Focusing on...? All right, so. As you all sit down, Kima sitting across from you, arms closed. She looks at you intensely with this really direct glare, waiting for some sort of sign of an answer or information. As you complete the ritual preparation of the scrying, your vision transcends your form, jettisoned through the ceiling and into the clouds. Clouds rush past, you can feel the wind pushing across your face, your hair, and as the clouds part you see, below, you see Westruun. And from Westruun you can see most of the city, as you recall, and a large portion of it currently looks toppled-over and pushed into ruin. There are no longer burning black clouds, but white smoke, long after a fire or some sort of an impact, lazily drifting off some of those ruins. It focuses even closer, and you see very little populace in the streets. Most everyone's either indoors or not visible at the moment. Your vision clicks in once again, and you can see currently some sort of dark room hidden in Westruun. You see, for a brief instant, a flicker of light, and you see Drake Thunderbrand and Allura both gathering a few small books under their arms, silently waiting, quietly. You hear (impact sounds) some heavy footfalls above. They both just stay quiet, stay quiet. Allura stays still for a moment. She looks over at Drake. They both take hands and then (whoosh) convert into that same energy form you saw that jettisoned out of Greyskull Keep, that echoes down a long hallway that you previously didn't see was attached to this room. It leads to a stone spiral staircase that goes upward before these two dual sparks travel through the small crack between where the edge of a trap door and a wooden floor is as the sparks course upward into the now-setting sun. You can see amongst the sparks the mostly collapsed rubble of the Cobalt Reserve, the large library in the center of Westruun. You can see dozens of corpses that have been largely dissolved. You can see what remnants of their bodies have been eaten away by some sort of caustic material, their arms and fingers tightened up as the muscles pull into this horrible, gnarled visage of what once were the living residents of Westruun. You do see, as the spark comes to a stop for a second in its movement, and you hear briefly overhead (wingbeats) and you see rush overhead, wings fully spread, the black dragon that you had briefly encountered in Emon streak upward, roaring loudly, towards Gatshadow, the tall, dark spire mountain just north of Westruun. (whoosh) And as it heads up there, the sparks (electric sound) continue their trek through the streets, and at that point the ritual fades, its vision unable to maintain its focus. Your vision is pulled back up into the clouds and then thrust back into your current position and with a shock you find yourself back in the tavern. "Good. Where are they going?" "They staying in Westruun?" "Where are they going?" "Did you talk about where you--" "Here to Whitestone?" "Who else is coming?" "Drake. Anybody else on the Council coming?" You're not there, you're with Grog. "Dead? Well, that's great. That's fantastic. What about the rest?" "Here, okay." "Right, right." "Huh. I've only heard things, I've not met this 'Gilmore'." "Anybody else? Tofor?" Last you heard, two Council members that were confirmed still alive by Gilmore when you found him-- or, confirmed by Uriel's wife and family-- thank you, sorry, were Tofor and Asum. So both were two of the ones that were saved by Gilmore, and then once he was too wounded to continue, they left to seek for survivors in Emon. That was the last you heard of them. "In the place where this-- and what's this dragon you keep talking about?" As you say the name again, you can see her eyes resonate with a clarity, and where once was this very intense expression and air of demanding information suddenly recedes into this look of sudden fear, and she's briefly lost in thought. (sighs deeply) "Thordak." And you can see, she's starting to hyperventilate suddenly, like, for all of her strong exterior, this is the first time, aside from the brief hit of the beholder's ray earlier, you see fear in her eyes, and she starts standing up. (pants) "I need to get some air." "I need to--" "I need to get s-- I need to get some air." And she storms out of the room. Okay. Okay. Grog and Scanlan! What're you guys doing? (relieved laughter) And as you find one of the few local ramshackle outhouses-- none are quite goliath-sized, and it's an uncomfortable experience, but thank God you brought a bard along or you would have woken up half the populace just going to bed, as Scanlan, I-- Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yes. (grunting) As you (chuckles) as you see one of the wood boards splinter out the side for a second-- At that moment you focus, and as you can feel the blade itself grow cold in your fingertips, you can see what little bit of light that filters through the bright orangish-red color that's coming from the sunset, you can see a reflection in the obsidian blade as a voice comes to your ear and says, "You fed me well." There's a brief pause before you hear this long, drawn-out, (heavy sigh). Okay. As you do, all of a sudden the voice goes, (gasp, contented exhale). The voice creeps in again, this time. "There is no feeling more terrifying than hunger. And I "hunger forever. You help satiate that hunger. That is our arrangement. I give you the strength of "those you cut down, and I feed upon them. If this is unsatisfactory, I can and have found others who "are more willing to be part of this arrangement--" "I have never been full before. Perhaps you're the one to find out." "My hunger grows, but the air tarnishes my blade. Perhaps we can continue this conversation "elsewhere." All right. As you sheathe, the last thing he says is, "Don't forget I hunger always." Okay. You guys are getting a bite. Percival, if you want to go ahead and make a tinkering check with dexterity modifier to create more ammunition. Yes. Should be plus 11. 16, okay. We'll say, in the time that you've had here, with the materials you purchased, and Whitestone's pretty open to supplying you-- Yeah, I'd say you're able to create roughly 40 or so simple bullets in the time that you have. Like a siege arrow? All right, this'll take the remainder of your evening. You're not going to be able to do much else after this. All right. Go ahead and make a tinkering check with your intelligence modifier. 23, okay. At the cost of roughly 150 gold pieces, as you have to go through a few different attempts to finally get the design right, and the metalworking you have here is not perfected. You're not at your workshop back at the keep, unfortunately, so you have to work with whatever you have here, and nothing here is designed for the-- Yeah. The one that you used before, previously, but that's from mostly discarded and-- in the time that you've been gone, it's been cannibalized for a lot of different uses. But it's makeshift. You manage to complete what you think could function. You're not entirely certain as to what the final effect will be, but it all seems to be in place. So you can write down 'Explosive Siege Arrow'. And we shall find out in time what it does. So. Are you guys resting for the evening? Anything else you wish to accomplish? Okay. Vax, anything you want to accomplish before you-- Sure! Yeah, torches are relatively easy to find. You want to try one? Three torches. That's three copper. After all this has happened, Trinket has been, like, almost locked to you. Even you going upstairs into the tavern, Trinket was like, (plaintive bear noises) stayed out front, 'cause Trinket's learned at this point, you can't really go into all the taverns. It's rough, being a bear. No, but it's about a 20-minute walk, if you wanted to go find him. Okay. You head up to it, and this gentleman is a painter as well as a stablehand, so you find your way to the facility, knock on it, and immediately as the door opens, the smell of fresh manure hits your nose and Jameson steps out. "Can I-- you!" "Hi!" "I meant to deliver, but they told me not to, because apparently it's not there anymore?" "Town, yeah, where I was supposed to deliver it to you." "It's just the canvas, I don't have a-- It's a bit too large for my specifications of framing, but--" "Yes, yes! Come, come!" He takes one of the hooded lanterns and turns up the oil wick on it, and as he turns away he brings you into the back stable area where it's been sectioned off, and you can see there's paints that have been dropped all across the ground and the hay, it's this multicolored spattering, this rainbow vomit across this section of hay floor, and there in all of its glory, stretched across and nailed at the corners to this far, far wall, you see a fantastical landscape of rolling hills and treelines rising up at the edges. You can see a mountainscape in the distance. The lighting he uses is magnificent. You can see why many people in the city specifically requested that you go to this gentleman. There atop this fantastic green hilltop, you see on this fine white and grey steed as it raises up, hooves in the air, is yourself, shirt open, chest slightly fuzzy and muscular. As you look off, your hair blowing in the breeze-- The face is pretty damn spot-on. The best likeness you can find for somebody who only had a brief reference, as he sketched you quickly before he left, and there behind, clutching you, from the side you can see Pike wearing these long greyish-silver and blue robes that are also flowing behind, a long train-- longer than it needs to be, stylistically it was a choice in the artistics point of this-- it is everything you hoped it would be. You paid good money for this piece. Right now? Yes. For different reasons entirely. SAM and Oh, man. (laughter) "That would be a fine tip, sir. Please, yes, do so." "Send them back to Whitestone, please, ask for Jameson. The more I work this, hopefully I can "make my way out of this dunghole." "Great." "I, um--" "Sir, I-- thank you. Thank you, thank you." "Of course." He looks down and he's gotten a little bit of paint on the coins, he's like, (muttering and stammering). He puts it aside somewhere. "Thank you--" Wipes his hands off on a nearby rag. "Thank you." And takes your hand and shakes it vigorously. Yeah, he goes in and he takes his little claw hammer down, starts pulling the nails out from the sides and gingerly rolls up the canvas. It takes a good, like, three minutes to roll the thing up, and it's quite heavy as he hands it over to you-- (heavy grunt) In your hand, yeah, it almost takes you off your feet. All right. You guys find your way out. At this point night has taken; you can hear the crickets starting to spread throughout the city. As the rest of the blue night sky takes on-- Evening is ready, do you guys have anything else to accomplish before the evening comes to a close? Roll a stealth check, roll a perception check. Nothing to be seen. Must have been your imagination, Vex. You hear a knock at your door. The clomping of horse hooves in the distance, apparently. Okay. Make a perception check, Vax. As you're sitting there, looking down at the ground, as she asks this question, you notice the symbol of Sarenrae that you have stitched into the back of your glove, what was once a very vibrant, goldish-brass color has actually very heavily tarnished, and the metal itself seems to have cracked in three places. It was not this way a day before. Yeah. So as you prepare your mindset for the cleansing ritual that is the Greater Restoration-- As soon as the dull green energy begins to course across your fingertips, and as you touch the edge of his shoulder to impart his body with the cleansing energy, it courses through his shoulders, the spell completes. You sense no difference in your current physicality, mindset, and there's this pause, this silence, of no realization, that is suddenly shattered by the sound of a (caws). You look over and at the stone edge of the window you guys are staying in, you see stepping there a single dark raven, (clicks, rapid flapping) and it takes off and flies into the night. The door closes behind Vax. All right. It's the only way. All right, as you all find yourself coming to rest for the evening, some of you easier than others, eventually you get your full rest. Those who heal up to, say, full hit points for a good night's rest here, get your hit dice back, so not a whole lot were spent. Morning comes to you all, and-- yes? Okay. All right. We will go ahead and take a quick break, we will see you guys back here shortly to see what is in store for Vox Machina. So we'll be back here in a minute. [break] Welcome back, everybody! That was pretty close. It's all good. Welcome back, guys. We're going to go ahead and jump back in. So as you all, after that, for some, emotional evening, whether that be conversational emotion or, you know, having to go drop an emotional deuce. You know, that's important. You find yourselves waking up to a fresh morning in Whitestone, hints of blue sky breaking through the cloud coverage, and that's rare for this area because it's the northern portion of the continent, you know that, especially being so close to the ocean, a lot of the cloud, heavy precipitation makes its way in the direction of your town, so it's nice to have a little break in that. Nonetheless, as you guys come to consciousness and gather yourselves, your things, and your plans for the day, what do you wish to do? From that point, the smell of coffee begins to fill the air from the inside of the Whitestone castle halls. The servants have prepared breakfast, and a meal is ready for you. Grog jumping to attention as the scent reaches your nose. The rest of you all slowly find your way back down. You eat-- Are you putting on the armor? Yeah. Some of you guys step out, and you see Vax standing in the hallway, clutching in his hands, looking over all the various, like, pushed-in, engraved runes across the leatherwork, the raven feathers that adorn the bottom of the mantle. Okay. All right. You go retrieve it. Okay. Yeah. It's the caves that are-- So. You all gather together and make your way northwest of Whitestone, towards where you found the stone giant fortress and the series of caves that are in the mountain behind it. You get there; it's still seemingly abandoned. You case the area for a while. No noticeable movement other than a few woodland entities that exist in that vicinity. Okay. That is now the sound it makes every time you do it. Yeah, so hold onto that one. I'll make that a new ringtone sound for you guys. What are you looking for? Yeah. Harpies? For how many miles is it? Six miles? Yeah, there's a few blips on the far, far western side of here. You get the essence way off in the mountains, there's maybe a small nest. Nothing that's immediately dangerous. You do, to the far, far north. You get the sense that there is some sort of giant-based lifeform maybe two, three miles north of you. All right. So the fortress or the caves behind it? All right. It's a pathway that leads up into a small ravine in the mountain pass where you guys originally walked down into Whitestone. Up against the north side of where the mountain meets that ravine, there's a big stone fortress that is built into the side of the mountain, and then around that are a series of smaller caves. You guys find your way inside, the cold morning air still has encompassed the stone floor itself, you can see there are still the scattered and slowly decomposing bits of meat and flesh in the far corner, you still see the splatters of blood that have turned black and cracked as it dried. No corpses here, as the corpses were retooled by the Briarwoods while they were in control. The fortress other than that is still empty, and seemingly untouched since you last left it. (laughs) Coffee's just starting to kick in for you guys. There are doors, but they're partially ajar where you left them. All right, stealth check from both of you guys? The two of you back off and find the nearby shaded corners, where some of the haphazardly tossed hides and furs are in the corner, you vanish behind the alcoves keeping a watch. Yeah, there's the main doorway you guys entered, which is two-- Sure, you stand there, in the entranceway that's pushed open, which is wide enough for a giant to push through. You got a little bit of room to each side, but you're there. All righty, and there's Percy here, and Travis is off this way. Good to know. As you spend your bonus action to release the gate hold on the crystal, you guys see as he thrusts his hands forward, there's a burst of shadow energy that, almost like someone throwing a big pot of water, this blackness goes out of it, and then as it hits the ground, it spills into smoke on the ground, and as that dark form stops, it is in the form of an about waist-to-lower-torso-height creature. As the form coalesces into its normal self, you can see before you, shaking its head, a rather large, dark grey and black wolf. (growls, snarls) He's backing up a little bit, snarling. You see Trinket starts growling, (growls). As you say that (snarls) it looks over at you in the far corner. Trinket backs up a little bit, but still locking eyes. You can see this wolf now, its gums and teeth are bared, its fur is all puffed up, its tail is-- it's definitely holding its ground and trying to make itself look as intimidating as possible. This would be, technically, borderline medium. This'd be medium, technically. Okay. That'll take you about 15 minutes. All right. You don't just slip on leather armor. (chuckles) You're a bit far away from it right now. You can try to get closer if you want. Yeah, make another stealth check. Okay. As you begin making your way forward, it doesn't seem to notice you. No. Looking right at it, and from your experience in the wild as well, and Keyleth, you're getting it, this does not appear to be anything beyond a large wolf. Go ahead and make an animal handling check. Probably. Okay. Ten. As you put out your hand, Galdric snarls, and as you say, "Here, boy." (growls and snaps) It lashes out at your hand. That is going to be-- That's a 21 to hit? You take six points of piercing damage as its jaws clench down on your hand, and you tear your hand away. You can feel the warmth flowing under the glove. You do? All right. You guys all become immediately aware of the creaking of leather in the distance as the two siblings are in the process of fast-changing one of the other. Looks over at you for a second. The growl stops, and its posture changes a little bit. It raises its nose. (sniffs) Looking at you as you guys hear Keyleth making this series of growling sounds. Strangely enough, Trinket does, Trinket's like, (confused bear noise). You've gotten maybe part of the tunic on. (laughter) Practically. There are undergarments, but not much. It's, like, bare legs and knees, part of an arm. Yeah, he got thrust out of the changing room about 20 seconds into it. The wolf turns his head a little bit curiously. The wolf looks towards you, looks towards the loosely half-dressed half-elf. Wolf slowly stalks towards you across the stone floor. You can hear the claws of the wolf clattering against the stonework. As you can see it's partially, like, digging into the stonework with each step. It has purpose with each stride. The wolf stops and looks up at you. Turns around and walks towards the doorway where you are. Where Grog is. Grog, who's now at the door, at the exit. Keeps walking. Okay. Trinket starts lumbering up towards you (thudding). Just keeps walking, doesn't even look at you in the face, walks-- It scatters across the stone. Walks between your legs and exits out. Make an animal handling check. As the sword (crack) into the rock outside of this fortress, it probably embeds itself a good foot and a half into the mountain. You guys all hear Grog's shout echo through the inside of the fortress itself, causing little bits of dust and small pebbles to dislodge from the roof, slowly fall down. The wolf has stopped and spun in its place and reached out and lashed the blade with its jaws and (cling) as it releases it. He sits. The only reason you even know this was at one point dark elf brain matter is because that's what you willed to reach in and find. It does not at all visually match your memory of its-- Oh yeah, no, it's-- It'll soften up a lot of things. It's pretty terrifying. Very good. It leans forward and smells it. It's nowhere near as large as a Bag of Holding, but it has a slow stasis for organic goods. Mm. Wolf doesn't seem to be interested. You guys return to Whitestone. It's another, like, three-hour trek to find your way back down to the city. Stalks up next to you. Definitely seems to be attentive to your commands. Doesn't appear to be a bond per se, but of everyone that it's encountered so far, you're the only one that really gathered its respect. All right, so you take what little bit of the armor you had on, off, and are you putting your other armor back on? All right, so you're back in town and you have a wolf. All right. How long does Speak With-- It lasts for ten minutes, so you can cast it again. It's first level. It has been more than ten minutes. It took you three hours to return. All righty. All right, so as you shout, go ahead and make an animal handling check, with advantage because of your ability to speak. Yes. Okay. Galdric turns to you and essentially leans towards you and you get the essence, the idea of a message across, and to keep me from having to walk behind now, at this point, as you guys have managed to make seeming amends at the moment, employs the idea of, "I'll listen if you give me a task." "For how long?" There is a butcher. As you're having this thought, however, Galdric turns back over to you and says, "I can feed myself." "But I will watch until this danger has passed." "Then am I free to go?" "Very well. I grow tired of service. I wait too long." And the wolf looks at you, gives you like an acknowledgement, and then walks off into the woods. Okay. As you turn around and look, you see there's a small puddle on the ground where Trinket has vomited up. He's pushing dirt over it. Trinket's like scraping dirt over it. Words be damned. It takes you an action or so to activate the crystal, but as you do, Trinket gives a confused look before Trinket's shadow seems to crawl up his legs until it forms into this circle, this dark core, roughly half the size of Trinket's form, before it shoots into the crystal. A little larger than that before he goes into the crystal, but once he's in the crystal, it's small. Okay. As you do that, once again the same dark energy you saw earlier spills out and hits the ground in front of you, and from that dark shadow area Trinket's form emerges, standing there looking really confused. (vomiting noises) Vomits a little bit more on the ground. "Feeling sick." "Yeah?" "I don't remember." You do, and avoid the little bit of-- So. You have a crystal, you've set a wolf on a path. Where are you going now? That's information about the Vestiges. (bear noises) It's still, with the travel to and from, it's middle afternoon, like one o'clock in the afternoon. It's pretty easy to go ahead and procure it, five gold of meat will fill that thing. So go ahead and mark five gold off your paper. Yeah, you could find a general store and purchase a medical kit. I'm going to look that up right now. Imagine that. It's like it's a handbook of some kind, it's crazy. Five gold for an herbalist's kit for you. An herbalist's kit, like five gold. If used with a medicine check, yeah. Robes would be worn instead of your armor. (laughs) I mean, there are elements of your initial workshop I guess, that a lot of supplies have been cannibalized but a few things can be pieced together. Plus there was a lot of alchemical elements and tools that were utilized in the subterranean tunnels as part of the refinement process for the whitestone residuum, the large vats of acid that were distilled by the Briarwoods while they were here, and there are other elements of their own tinkering in the alchemical arts that remain scattered throughout the castle. So yeah, you can definitely find enough to tinker with if you want. Okay, you guys are going to rest for the evening? That would be a question more for Percival. No, and those that did exist in this town have not been... Make an investigation check. Okay, that'll help cut down on the time. 21? There are two functional smiths left in the town. There were two more than that overall, that were more like blacksmithy, but they both unfortunately lost their lives in the insurrection. But there are two functional blacksmiths in this, yeah. About a ten-minute diversion. Okay. Well, you find your way to-- it's a small blacksmith, and most of it's outside. Though the day is growing late, you do see an older gentleman, long, tattered grey hair pulled into a very tight bun in the back and a beard that is actually tied off to the side. Otherwise it would be hanging down into his work. He's wearing soot-covered clothes, big leather apron, leather gloves, and he's currently in the process of (ping ping) turning over and hammering out a piece of orange glowing steel. He doesn't stop. He seems to, he acknowledges your presence but he's still working as he's listening. (smithing sounds) (ting) He looks over at you. "If that's what you're looking for, on that wall over there we've "got two shortswords." (ting) (smithing sounds) That you can see? Make a perception check. Looking over them both, from this distance, they're both made with different hilt designs and different pommel designs, the grips are a little different but other than that the blades are pretty much identical. Okay, as you start walking away he goes, "Hey." "You're going to pay proper for that shortsword." "12 gold pieces." "12 gold pieces, friend." "It's all right. No harm no foul." Takes the gold and scoops it and puts it into his pouch. "Have a good day." It's much bigger than you're used to, but it's got a fine balance to it and it's well-made. All right, so as you guys have all-- Yes, yes. All right, so. What is your other question? You can choose either to create the potion or to mine the residuum for the evening. You cannot do both. Both are time, like, to pull that material from the-- because most of it that remains has been already embedded within the ziggurat beneath. You would actually have to physically chip it from the structure. So you prepare a Heroes' Feast before you begin this potion-creation process? Is that what I understand or not? It's going to take you about the length of a day to create the potion, with his help it takes it to about half, so it'll be about 12 hours of creating. Eight to 12 hours. So. You can do the potion as well. The feast only takes a moment to cast. I'm just saying, be aware that you guys will probably have, if you want to get a full rest after that potion creation process, you're going to have to wait until like this time tomorrow, like late in the day to make your journey. Which is fine, if you're willing to be patient about it. Yes, no? Cool. For a fine, fine dinner. All right, so. You, everyone else goes to sleep while you and Percy work tirelessly through the night. If I could have you-- (laughs) Just for the sake of it, I want you to go ahead and make an arcana check. Yeah. Oh, that's right you are, never mind, go ahead and do that. So proficiency bonus, and for this, use intellect modifier. Okay. We'll say, for the fair cost of, reduced due to the roll, 450 gold pieces, you create a potion of resistance of your choice of resistance. Just one. It takes a long time, man. Fire, all right. You create a potion of fire resistance. The materials cost you 450 gold to create, you finish it by about sunrise the next day. Everyone else begins slowly waking up after the night's rest as you guys both, bags under your eyes. You're doing a Heroes' Feast for breakfast, then? Is that how it's working? What's the plan? Are you cooking breakfast or are you summoning breakfast? That's my question. Okay, that's what I was wondering. We got the answer, okay, cool. Hoo, today's been a slog. All right, so you go ahead and you use Heroes' Feast, summoning forth a fantastical breakfast meal filled with coffee and eggs and everything you would hope for, the finest materials. (laughs) Sure, Froot Loops is on the menu, why not? No Lucky Charms, sorry, those aren't available on Tal'Dorei. But yes, all you guys take an hour to finish devouring this, you finish your meal, all you guys get a 2d10 hit point maximum increase to your hit points. And immune to poison, frightened, and all wisdom saving throws have advantage. Yes, the usual. And you get advantage on wisdom saving throws. After which, Percy and Keyleth pretty much fall asleep at the table as it vanishes and they both collapse to the ground, eggs out of the corner of their mouth. Eventually they make themselves back up to sleep and the rest of you guys peter around for the remainder of the day while they get their full rest. It now comes to, at the end of that eight-hour period of time, I'd say about three, four in the afternoon before they finally wake up. You've restored your spells. And the rest of you are ready to go about your business. Mm-hmm? Okay. All right. As you regather your will, path chosen; Keyleth, do you wish to prepare the transportation spell? All right. All of you gather and find your way down to the Sun Tree in the center of the town. At this point, it's later afternoon, you've been growing accustomed these past few days of taking action right around dusk, and as the sky turns from a blue to a bit of an orangish hue, you all find yourselves ready to transition back over to the continent of Issylra. Keyleth steps forward, touches her hand to the Sun Tree, completes her mental incantation, and you watch the trunk once again tear open into the somewhat oval walkway into the tree itself. On the opposite side, what's your destination? Okay. You recall, passing through, there were a number of trees towards the base of the mountain that were starting to grow petrified from the proximity to the ash that constantly falls from the sky. They died a long time ago and are slowly beginning to petrify. As the portal opens up on the opposite side, you can see beyond that the dark rock that formulates that mountain range. At the same time, you can see a dull orange glow, and you all begin to step through in rapid succession, Trinket racing up after Vex. All of you find yourself stepping out the other side, at which point you look up and you can see the pathway that you took towards the top of the mountain where the Fire Ashari called Pyrah, where they maintained their ever-vigilant watch on the tear into the fire elemental plane. What you do notice immediately is that the path that you took initially is no longer a simple walkway. Against the now very dark sky, this side of the realm itself, night is, actually, no, sorry. At this point, you've actually beaten the sun. Yeah, you guys have gained a few hours, technically. So it's still light in the sky from other parts in the distance, however, there is a perpetual dark cloud of smoke and actual storm cloud gathering across this mountain range. As you recall the first time you were here, that's the nature of Pyrah, it's always under this thick, heavy, soot-and-ash-filled cloud cover. The pathway that winds up the mountain, though, is instead a glowing orange mass of slowly dribbling molten rock that has filled that entire walkway, and it has come to rest at the base of the mountain where it has gathered and begun to cool. You guys are hundreds of feet off from this point as you step out of the tree. However, where you see the molten rock has reached the base of the mountain, you-- it's cooled and formed into solid rock at its base, and you start seeing flashes of the orange turning dark, then another section turns dark from the opposite side. And then a few moments pass and you can see the orange of the next section, up in like ten-foot segments, it's going dark and hardening on its own. You get the sense that your arrival did not trigger this more than it has been happening since before you arrived. Sure. Actually, this would be a perception check to see if you can ascertain. 16. It's difficult to make out at this distance, but you can see, along portions of the jagged mountainside, a collection of small figures that are making their way up the mountain, and their slow ascent is met with the lava flow cooling in sections. It's hard to tell from this distance, they look human-ish, humanoid-ish. Sure, go ahead and make a perception check. 18. A little bit of a clearer look through, they do appear to be humanoid. You do see two arms, two legs. You can't gauge size comparison from this distance. At this point, they're probably a good 800 feet up the mountain. From what you can make out, their color palette shifts, there are reds and browns, some stand out as an aquamarine white. The Ashari you saw were a pretty consistent color palette. This is a little more varied. There are no birds in the sky. Unfortunately, because of the nature of this area, especially as the oppressive fumes and dust continue to pour off from the top of the caldera of this mountain range, it has made it not fitting for any sort of aerial life that you're used to seeing. You glance around for about a minute or two and you don't see any sort of bird life in the air. Okay. Everyone make a stealth check, including Trinket. Well, it has a chain on it that it came with. All right, so you take it, you put-- Chain and string. Exactly. You trigger the necklace, pointing it in the direction of Trinket, and once again Trinket is absorbed into the crystal, vanishing within the inside. All right. 17. Okay. You guys begin making your trek up. How are you going up the mountain? Are you scaling the cooled flow? MARISHA and That's probably the safest route given the fact that most of the other side of the mountain range itself is pretty jagged, and elements of it, because of the formation of this giant volcanic caldera, there are portions of broken stone and obsidian glass that sticks out the side. All right. You guys continue in pace with this, eventually, and make another perception check? 30. Okay. Looking up, as this cluster of individuals makes their way towards the very top of the mountain, seemingly not taking sight of your traveling group, you're beginning to see the nature of each section of this flow cooling. And what you're seeing is the group will move up a bit, stop, and there appears to be a burst of-- sometimes it looks like very strong wind, sometimes it looks like a very localized sleet storm that is brought against the side of the mountain and is actually forcefully cooling the flow down temporarily, at least in those sections, before it begins to spill over and continue its slow molten descent, but they're doing their best to continue to force it back up the mountain and-- LAURA and Okay. Okay. You notice the pace in which this group has ascended comes to a halt at the very, very top of the mountain range where it ends, and there's a slight pause before the clouds shift a second time and it says, from what you understand, "Kaitiaki. Survivors remain, Keyleth." Druid texting. You did don it. Okay. Okay. What was your choice of resistance? I assume it was fire. Okay. All right. As you guys progress up, and it is, though it is a safe route, it is still a relatively steep incline and you're all having to work together to find handholds, and it is very arduous physically getting up there. I would like everyone to go ahead and make a constitution saving throw. Yes. Okay. As you guys begin to get partially up the mountain, the proximity of the heat from the-- because the exterior of the rock has cooled, but it's still molten beneath and there are parts of that are still cracking open, and bits of the heat are still pouring through, plus the general physical exertion from the not-very-hardy physiques of both Vex and Scanlan, you both suffer one level of exhaustion from the ascent up the side of this mountain. You guys have disadvantage on ability checks. All your skill checks right now, until your next long rest, are at disadvantage. However, as you guys are approaching towards the top, you can see now the humanoids that were at the top of this mountain crest have been since keeping the flow at bay and each time it begins to crest over again and continue its flow, it's blasted again from the side and cools and it's building this very, very slow gradual outcropping-- Okay. You glance up and you now have a better view of this group, and what you do see ahead of you, specifically Keyleth, appears to be a cluster of about eight or so Fire Ashari-dressed individuals. You can't make out their physical details yet. Along with five other entities that are dressed in the colors and vestments of those from Zephrah. Keyleth goes running up. There are five from Zephrah. Okay, it takes a while to get up there. As you guys begin to approach, a little bit behind Keyleth, and you look, you see the only two notable Fire Ashari that you see there are Nastoen, which is a human female that you saw was one of the four that first greeted you as you approached Pyrah when you got to the mountaintop. She looks a little rough, but she's definitely in one piece. The other one that greets you, and immediately you recognize as Flamespeaker Cerkonos, who currently does not have his right arm. It is charred and is, through some semblance of flame, cauterized to where he no longer has a shoulder and part of his torso is a black mass of burnt skin, probably intentionally, but as you approach he puts his hand out and goes, "Hail, Keyleth." He pats you on the back and there's a coldness to his look, his expression. You can see in a brief instant, though there is strength and determination, there is a moment as he looks into your face that you can see the sorrow of losing most of his people. "This is not your fault. We had this coming. We are the able-bodied few you see." "We are 25 living. The rest reside at the base of the mountain, to be watched, or are the "watchers. But our attrition is of our own making. We helped outsiders too long ago." "We helped seal a drake in this rift." "That is the name they call him. We helped bring and bind the beast to this rift, sealing "within it the heart of a primordial flame, one of the few pure essence crystals of our plane. Such a "binding will not allow it to leave. It is a punishment for the most terrible of evils that the "Ashari take under their order. We carved from the crystal in bind. This beast was too strong and "took the entire crystal, but it seemed enough. It seemed enough." And a voice comes up from over the mountain range, raspy, older, and with a casual importance to it, and it says, "So, are you claiming some semblance of dealing with this?" And as it steps over, the face looks down with recognition. "My god. Keyleth." You guys look up and you see long, silver-haired half-elf in later years dressed in the blue and white robes of the Air Ashari. You see before you Korren, your father. "You live." He steps forward and goes in, as he steps away from Cerkonos, takes you in his arms and holds you extremely tight against him. "Shh." He puts his finger up to your lips, holds you back and looks you over and with a smile on his face, you can see the hardness of his expression fade. "Keyleth, you've grown." "You look just like her." "Her path was her own. I'm just glad that you have maintained yours." He wipes the tear from your face and says, "How goes the Aramente?" "Good. Good." And he places his thumb at the corner of his eye. "We were called naught but a "day ago by the surviving Pyrah. Told of the angry mountain and the terrible drake that sundered the "rift. I helmed the team while the majority of our people stayed to keep Zephrah cloaked and safe "from the marauding beast. We've only just made our way up the mountain. Your arrival is quite "fortuitous, as we need all the help we can get." "Come. See what remains of Pyrah." He turns around and walks back over towards the top of the mountain. He stops. Looks over his shoulder towards you. "Yes?" "It's good to see you as well, daughter. Now come. Show me what you've learned." Goes back to walking. The rest of the Fire Ashari stand up, acknowledge and recognize those of you that stand here before, visiting once before. Cerkonos looks about. "You show strength and honor by coming here "in our time of need. This will not be forgotten. Now come." As you follow them up over the top of the mountain, you see once again before you the caldera of this once-volcanic mountain has been blown apart in areas. You can see sections of large black stone that are now pushed up into jagged obelisks where once was a relatively smooth blackened shale countryside. You can see there are pits of molten rock that have been punched through the floor and have gathered into these pools where the air above is slowly shifting and warped by the heat that is now released above the mountaintop. The flow of lava that descends down the side of this mountain continues and swells and heads inward towards the Cindergrove. The Cindergrove, from what you can see from this distance, is but a fraction of what was once there, most of the trees now torn apart and scattered amongst the top of this mountain. You can see bits and pieces of the various petrified trees thrown hundreds of feet from the center. There are still standing, defiant trees amongst what once was the Cindergrove, but they are very sparse, many of them now blackened by what you can see in the very distance beyond the broken huts and homes that once held the Pyrah, you can see in the distance moving, glowing dots of various elemental energies spiraling outward from a very large central red rift that sits there pulsing and pulsing with bright, almost sunlight energy. It's like staring into the sun at the very zenith of its movement. You have to avert your eyes even staring towards this rift, now a good 30, 40 feet taller than it was when you last returned here. What was once the portal in the ground has now ruptured and is emerging, slowly piercing out of the top of this mountain. Undaunted, your father and the other Ashari continue walking forward with no words. "Well, I certainly hope so. If you've survived this long with my daughter, you've picked "up a few tricks." "This is good. Because that's who we need right now." "I will do what I can." It's a concentration spell, so you can only really have one person going, and that's your concentration. Yep. All right. As the cluster of you begin stepping deeper into the caldera, you begin to approach the outskirts of the remnants of the Pyrah tribe's homestead. You can see where most of it has been either completely burnt to a cinder or lies tattered by some great force, shattered. And you start, as you're walking through, you can see where the landscape itself, all the jagged bits of black obsidian glass are shooting up out of the ground and there's broken pieces of the dark rock and volcanic material, and it isn't until your eyes begin to focus that you realize that elements of this rock is not rock at all but the twisted and charred remains of the Pyrah that didn't escape in time, blending in with the ground and landscape surrounding. The rest of the Ashari continue pushing forward, not taking notice, focused, as before you, you can see the rift, still blinking ever-bright, in the center of the remains of the Cindergrove. You steel yourselves. And that's where we'll end tonight's session. TRAVIS and You knew this was coming. Got a little bit of column A, little bit of column B, we got some drama, we got some personal issues, we got some reunions, we got some hardships, we got-- And a travel method for Trinket. I wasn't sure how you guys were going to use that one, as soon as you mentioned it I was like, all right, that's what they're doing. That's a way to do it. Yeah. Well cool, guys, we'll be back next week Thursday with Chris Hardwick, who will be joining us as a guest. Yeah, so we'll be back then. I think April 21st is going to be our 50th episode. We're going to be doing a fun little evening there. We'll have Critmas coming up, probably end up being that night, maybe another night that week, we'll have details coming up soon, we're trying to figure out the schedule on that. This'll be our big 50th anniversary Critmas blowout, and then we're going to scale it back to like an annual-type event it looks like, both to save the people who work this channel Thursday nights and stay super later to get here, to save the length of the episodes, and to help all of us who have to then go to work sometimes very early the next morning. So what we'll be doing is this will be our big blowout Critmas, we'll still do it probably for the holidays, and we really implore you guys to give to charities, send us stuff, we still read them, we'll still do Periscopes, those of us who get gifts, some of us will open them on Periscope for you, so we'll still have the interaction, we'll have to do it on our own time and not at 11, midnight. So this'll be our big general blowout. So if you're planning something for the next Critmas, this'll be the one to get it in for. But yeah, you can check out the guide to Critmas on Geek & Sundry, it has a list of all our supported charities if you want to give there. It's highly recommended. Thank you guys so much for those who donated to 826 tonight so we can go ahead and help out the Seattle branch. And yeah. Do we have anything else?