My name is Matthew Mercer, Dungeon Master for the show. Welcome to the chaos of this evening. Before we get into our actual game story, and the thread of what has transpired in recent events, we're gonna go through our quick announcements. First and foremost, tonight's episode is sponsored by us! Sponsored by the new year. Sponsored by, hopefully, have our sponsor contracts finalized soon, and we can have an actual sponsor soon, but until then, we are sponsored by you awesome people who come and watch the show. I think Sam had prepared a bit. Good, good. (laughter, applause) (talking over each other) We miss you, Ashley. We miss you. Thank you, Sam, for that fantastic message. We have some-- I think, some merch updates if you want to take that, Laura. We're trying to keep up. Alright, thank you, Laura. Also want to mention for those who want to check it out. We've been running it for a few months now, but we have our Talks Machina Critical Role after-show Tuesday nights, 700PM Pacific time here on Twitch. And Alpha. It's hosted by our amazing Brian Foster. He is a dick, and that's part of his charm. But yeah, so if you haven't checked it out, you can come and watch us answer your community questions or ask questions to the @TalksMachina Twitter and watch us fumble our way through trying to explain our inane actions in the dice role-playing RPG we play every week. Anyway, check that out. Anybody else have anything else they want to talk about or mention or-- or say something? Say something? Alright, let's go ahead and get us down to tonight's episode. Of Critical Role! (yelling) Hello everyone and welcome back. So, get you up to speed with what's recently happened in our game. Vox Machina, our band of adventurers, have been traveling across Tal'Dorei, continents and planes of existence beyond, in search of the Vestiges of Divergence. Magical artifacts that can help outfit them for their coming struggle against the Chroma Conclave, a group of chromatic dragons that had terrorized and conquered the Tal'Dorei countryside for quite some time now. At the end of this venture, you've all, acquiring your relics of power, your levels of experience, and the allies you've amassed through this journey, converged upon the central capitol city of Emon in hopes of finally defeating and destroying Thordak, The Cinder King. You made a tenuous relationship with a member of the Conclave, Raishan, the Diseased Deceiver, the green dragon, and after killing the other three members of the Conclave, you went in with armies at your back, Ashari in the sky, who laid siege to the city as you snuck beneath the streets of Emon, emerging on the outskirts of the Cloudtop district through the help of your two allies Zahra and Kashaw. You managed to bypass two waiting fire giants, push straight into the center of the mostly ruined cloud topped district where you confronted Thordak, The Cinder King, in his large, swollen powerful, primordial red dragon form. (shivers) It's a favored enemy, right? Just checking. You came prepared with-- with allies at your sides and full power you tore into Thordak and while many blows were sustained on both sides of the fray, Thordak fell on the battlefield. In those moments, as Thordak attempted to retreat into his lair, you, Vax, gave chase and slew the dragon using Whisper in your grasp. As a few of you came up behind, Raishan, as well, asked as part of the accord you had made to be given some time with the corpse of Thordak. It was decided that this was not to be allowed. She was not to be trusted, and an attack was made on Raishan. Though Raishan also had made a few unique choices of her own leading up to it. This led to a confrontation in Thordak's lair beneath the city where you all nearly got your asses handed to you. By-- by a well-prepared Raishan. However, in the midst of this battle, you did summon your ally, J'Mon Sa Ord. They're the leader of Ank'Harel, the distant city on the continent of Marquet, and a brass dragon, who upon arriving in this fray, full health and ready to fight, was enough of a threat to drive Raishan off in her damaged form before she could finish you off in your-- the state you were in. However, you were then kept at bay by a wall of force as Raishan took two of Thordak's strangely existing eggs and flew into a tunnel towards the corpse of Thordak and then disappeared in a flash of purple energy before the wall dropped and you all just arrived halfway through the tunnel where the corpse of Thordak once lay to find it missing along with Raishan and the eggs that she had gathered. And that was where we had left off. So, as the rest of your party begins running up, winded, bloodied and still reeling from the intensity of the battle you just fought, you have the intense heat of a nearby cavern, the hints of-- of cracked red-hot Earth and rock that are kind of protruding in small sections. The sweat just pouring down your face. You run up and you can see the trail. The pool of blood that once was driven by the wounds left by your blade at the side of Thordak's corpse-- missing. The impact crater of Thordak's landing still carved into the side of this curved tunnel. You see, as Kima rushes up. Out of breath, you see Gilmore rush up and push his hair out of his face and there's a moment of silence as you all kind of take in what has just transpired. What do you want to do? No. - Okay, so you go ahead and you pull-- Do you have empty vials currently? Yes, you would actually, so yeah. So you take some of the-- the mostly or completely emptied healing potion vials and collect-- Little straw. - Yeah, exactly. Okay. Okay. The Oath of Annoyance Paladin. Coming soon in the Tal'Dorei campaign book. Alright, so as Vax heals you up with some of the remnants of his divine power still-- still in his body. Kima's kind of walking up to Keyleth and Gilmore goes over and starts helping you gather and separate some of the-- What little blood you can. A lot of its kind of just dug into the-- the rock and the dust but there are a little bit that you can kind of pull into it. It's not too clustered and filled with the equivalent of coffee grinds. What else are you guys doing? Okay. It takes, I'd say, probably a good two minutes or so before the-- the general tremors of the lair begin to subside. The presence of Thordak being long enough removed that the volcanic activity begins to come to a small, gentle end. Uh, okay, you guys go up there? - Okay. Everyone else staying down? - Okay, while you guys are waiting, the two of you rush up to the surface. The outside of the opening to Thordak's lair. Both of you guys make perception checks. Okay. As you both peek through the-- the heated clouds of soot and ash that are billowing out from inside, your vision clarifies and you can see up into the sky the thunderstorm that has been encompassing the vicinity of Emon. It's still rolling and firing off bolts of lightning and thunder. (imitates thunder clap) In the distance. It is beginning to slowly subside to the size that it began, but you also notice that the wyvern riders that once rapidly swung through the air are all retreating en masse. The few that still remain into the southwest end of, now maybe, about a half mile off Emon, and a number of them are fleeing and catching up with them. It looks like they're being fended off and the tides, at least, have turned somewhat from where they began here in Emon. You also do notice that the-- the two doors that you guys originally entered, that you pushed through? One of the doors is now pushed off of its hinges and has fallen to the ground. The other is kind of partway off that-- that giant gate doorway, and just beyond it, you see what looks to be battle still ensuing. You hear the muffled screams echoing from outside that gate and streets beyond in Emon of hundreds of soldiers shouting into battle. Large heaving war cries of deep voiced giant-kin. You see bursts of flame in the distance and what looks to be bodies occasionally flung through the air to disappear past the horizon beyond the gate top. This-- there is still warfare raging in this city. From this distance, you cannot get that much more. You can just see the motion of-- You have to get closer. Oh, yeah. - It says, My gift to you, darling, use it well. Okay, stealth check both you guys. ♪ Wow. - Okay. You are. You snatched from the jaws of death temporarily, you find yourself physically affected more than you would have expected and what seemed to you as just an instant of darkness, and as you begin to try and follow after your brother, you find yourself stumbling and falling to one knee and trying best to keep up. At this time, you notice two figures running from the opening in that gate in your direction. You see it first, but you see it for a moment after him. You see bloodied, bruised, but still in a full sprint both Kashaw and Zahra rushing in your direction and you hear Kash just yelling out, "Vox Machina! You're alive, right?" "Hole?" "Yes, the hole, darling." "Right." And they both rush up and as you guys are catching up with them, you notice, by the gate, pushing through what looks to be another fire giant wielding a sword kind of dragged behind, kind of pour through. (yells) And just begins going into a-- a large bounding sprint in your direction. - Okay. - As you're saying "giants" into your ear, you watch as two crossbow bolts kinda... into the back of the head of the giant and giant goes... and stops and looks over the shoulder and you see a flash of light behind him. An impact into the back of the black ironed giant's armor. Like a sudden impact of a fiery meteor just slams into it. (yells) And the giant stumbles to one knee before another blow hits him right across the back of the head and the fire giant just falls on face first unconscious onto the ground. Little cloud of dust and dirt kind of billows up to the sides. There you see, by the front of the gate, you see Jarret with crossbow right there and standing, and now stepping up onto the back of the giant's armor and slamming a flashing bright radiant war hammer into the back of its neck. You see, in chain mail, long beard, white streaked, billowing war torn hair pulled into a tight ponytail towards the back, a familiar face. You see Kerrek, currently of white-- of Westruun standing, wipes his brow and looks up and takes notice of your presence immediately. Patrick, if you want to come on the stage. Our set is so conducive to movement. I know! For one, I think you might want to move a little bit over to get into the camera. Just a smidge for the audience. - There you go, and as you've been in this fray for quite some time and the exhaustion's starting to mount on you a bit, and the-- the two individuals that you and your-- your allies have come upon, being the smaller unit, you manage to penetrate further into the city then the main armies that were pushing towards the gates. You saw the golden-armored human and the Tiefling currently struggling with, what looked to be, five fire giants. Three that had come up behind the two that they had ensnared, and after minutes of battle and tearing through them it looks like you finally gain the upper hand. You've lost a number of allies through this-- this incursion, however, these are the really, really familiar welcome faces given the perpetual onslaught that you've seen since you first arrived in Emon. Kashaw pipes up and says, "So you killed the thing? You killed it, it's dead, right?" "Please tell me you killed the thing." "Great." - "Fantastic, that's-- that's wonderful, great." -"We can go home." - Yeah, she-- she eagerly puts her arms out and as you guys kind of embrace real fast, she kind of-- both of you almost, from the impact, stop, the bruising sets in. - You don't see them yet, you just see these two. And after a moment of these hugs happen, you kind of catch your breath. You notice a few more figures appear from out of this large craterous hole in the ground in the center of this ruined district, and from there you watch as the familiar Percival, Scanlan, oh no, you stay behind? Grog and Keyleth all emerge from the hole. A little-- a little singed, a little burned. A little worse for wear, but alive. Can't say that much different from the rest of her allies as well. I mean, there is a crest for the city. You can do a simplified version of it, if you like. Okay, so the storm, which is still raging, but it's moving itself southwest to almost follow the-- the wyvern riders that have survived this battle so far and are fleeing from the scene. The clouds then begin to shift and shape and the darkness separates into what looks like little plumes of white that spell out a very basic rendition of the symbol of Emon. ♪ What else you wanna do? Kash is there with you guys. - He looks pretty messed up. There are a few large sections of armor that have been just cloven through and you see a number of flesh wounds sustained but nothing mortal, but he-- He holds himself with a kind of a knowing confidence with his arms crossed, but as soon as any sort of physical movement, there is a little bit of a wheeze and a trying to cover for the physical impact of the battle he's just sustained. "I don't know what you mean, I'm sorry." "Actually, no, he fought quite bravely." - "No." - He goes, "You didn't too bad yourself, big man." Smacks you on the shoulder and goes... (whimpering) What's your armor class? He knees you gently enough in the nuts to get you to drop to one knee. "That's two." (laughter) Right now, some soldiers are beginning to pour in through the gate that they emerged from. Some of your allies, some from other armies that are starting to find their way towards the center core of the city. Not everyone's been made aware that the-- the center of this battle has already been won, essentially. So, people are starting to come in and calm down a bit and then rush back out to see what else is there. You watch as a few wyvern riders try and scoot through the sky to catch up with the rest of them as a bolt of lightning... Slams into one and you see it... (yells) Streak and tumble and then crash somewhere on the outside of the district. You see some of the soldiers immediately kind of look at each other and you can hear the-- sound of the shouting and whispering back and forth. Voices are shouting, "Thordak has fallen! Thordak has fallen! Thordak has fallen!" It starts just carrying throughout the city and echoing. Everyone goes, "What?" "Sorry, Thordak has fallen!" (laughter) So, as you-- you follow them and gather into the area, or you want to-- "Yes." Yeah, they set up a small perimeter to the entrance ways to the district and are awaiting other forces to arrive and inform them of what's going on and still stay alert for any stragglers of the battle. As you-- What'd you do? Laura. You are-- you're my favorite 13 year old. There's room for everyone. While this is happening, Scanlan, you stayed down there with Kima and Gilmore. Yeah. Okay. The large brass dragon that has currently -been heading at the end-- - At the end of the tunnel, Devo'ssa, they've slowly brought down to their hands and knees after travelling through and scoping out the interior of the lair. Approaches you as you're pulling out your stash and you know, Gilmore and Kima approaching as well. "What have you there?" Technically, Pike would still be down there with him. They give a curious glance as Gilmore kind of walks up and brushes his hair back, which it catches your eye interestingly. There is like a glowing rune of some kind in the center of Gilmore's forehead. He kind of brushes the hair out of the way and he goes, "If a man wants some privacy, give him some privacy. I just want to ask you a few questions. It's not very often I get to talk to... J'Mon." And Gilmore walks up as the dragon sits back up and puts out a claw and kind of lifts Gilmore into his claw. They both begin having a conversation back and forth, which, at this point Pike is also curious and begins to pay attention and sidles up next to you as you begin divvying out and goes-- If you want to listen in-- Marquesian, and yes, they are. - As you begin taking it out and you're getting ready to go ahead and snort one portion. One third of your Suude. Pike approaches from behind and claps her gauntlet onto your shoulder and says, "Scanlan, you okay?" "Okay, well, if I-- I'm trained in-- in medicinal applications if you need my help." (laughter) She looks over towards Kima and Kima is now approaching the rest of you guys and walking into the lair and they're feeling out the vicinity to see if the lair actions have come to a halt, and made it safe. And so Pike begins shouting out orders, like, "Alright, we have to make a perimeter! Make sure there's no other exits! Make sure there's no-- nothing else waiting for us in this cavern! I'm giving orders to a dragon. You, dragon! Help us do a perimeter, please!" And kind of interrupting the conversation between Devo'ssa and Gilmore. The brass dragon turns the head down. "Well, if you insist, small one." And sets Gilmore back down onto the center of the lair floor and... They just begin to walk perimeter as Pike joins up and you are still left alone in the tunnel, should you be so inclined. Make an intelligence check if you don't mind. Just add your intelligence. - Six! Okay. This looks exactly like the kind of substance you should be snorting for use. So, you-- you take a bit of the Suude, and this-- this particular Suude, taking a closer look at it, the grains of it, and it's like-- almost like a-- like a brown sugar type texture to it. It is a dark brown color to it. It looks like a crystallized dirt almost and you kind of like take-- take a second, look around. (sniffs) It burns! It burns. Oh, man, does it burn! It burns a lot, and you're like... (groaning) It burns, that's an effect. This is how you treat relics that were gifted to you by the leader of a foreign nation by turning the expended energy into a makeshift pipe. Alrighty. I need you to make a constitution saving throw. Constitution saving. - Constitution saving throw. Eight. Roll 1d4. As you inhale deeply, as opposed to the burning sensation from when you decided to snort the granules, the smoke and mist that emerges as it fills your lungs, actually has a-- a very fine herbal taste to it almost and it is warm, and there's a head rush immediately that hits you. You feel for a moment your vision kind of crystallize and clarify all of a sudden. All the colors become briefly brighter and you feel this slight pulse of-- of energy whenever you cast a spell, like the fingers kind of warm at the tips and you feel the immediate need to just practice something. Right before your vision gets blurry, and dark. As-- Yeah, that's it, the rest of you guys-- The rest of you guys come walking down the tunnel, being careful, you know, weapons out, but talking, kind of getting up to speed with what's transpired. You look in the distance and you can see within the lair and you're seeing this, it's a down-- A decline into this large heavy tunnel that is just made of volcanic rock and blackened stone with occasional cracks of-- of melting rock that are just spilling through and these small orange glowing pockets into this large central underground cavern that has an entire pool of molten rock that is kind of spiraling through portions of the floor. There is a large brass dragon just casually strolling around the opposite side. Huge, gargantuan in size, strolling around and a few other humanoid individuals, and you guys watch as a singular male gnome ally is face down on the ground not moving. Yeah. - Nope. Yeah. - So, you rush up and have both of you make a medicine check right now. But what'd you roll your medicine check? - Eight. No, there is no blood from his wounds. What'd you roll for your medicine check? Okay, okay. So you're not sure exactly what happened. You do smell this strange kind of herbal, almost like an incense scent that is centered around his area and he is breathing. But he is not conscious. - Sure, make a nature check. Okay. - Okay, best that you can make, strangely enough, there's-- the scent is medicinal almost, but it's also synthetic in a way that's not natural. This-- whatever this smell is, it's not a natural incense. Well, yeah, there is-- There is the tarnished brass flute that was gifted to him by the leader of the foreign city of Ank'Harel that is currently tarnished by the use of its magic and it is jammed pack with a black ashy crystalline substance with a trail of smoke that is kind of lazily drizzling off the tip. You can. - Okay, so-- so-- No, darkness. You utilize Detect Poison and you don't-- you don't sense anything that is clarified toxin to the point where it would register as a poison, so at least, you're calm-- you're calmed to know that there isn't something coursing through his system right now that is in danger of killing him. - Fifteen on investigation? - Yeah, he smoked something out of this. (laughter) Make an investigation check as you start rummaging through his stuff. Alright, you're pulling through pockets. He has a lot more pockets than you'd expect. So they're starting to go the rest of his pockets. Make an investigation check. What'd you get here, Vex? Okay, you both start pulling through the pockets before Scanlan-- And you do, you find a fantastic small pocket sized tome that manages to contain a lot of very, very detailed pieces of artwork about male and female anatomy. You also, you watch as Scanlan begins to shift and his eyes begin to flutter open and you-- you come back to consciousness with a mild headache with all of your friends gathered around and Keyleth and Vax with their hands in your pockets. Vex. - I mean, you feel like there was-- there was something to the rush, but your body rejected it. Sure. Scanlan, make a deception check. What'd you get, Keyleth? Legitimately, like, aw, I guess a misunderstanding. Yeah. As you're in the middle of unbuckling, Kima has kind of approached from the side of the wall and goes, -like, What-- - You know what, keep going. And she kind of just leans back and crosses her arms with her sword sheathed behind her back and there's a little part of her looking at you, Scanlan, as this is happening that says, very silently, Remember that phantom dick circumstance that happened back in the Underdark? I'm gonna enjoy watching this. With her eyes. Reach, reach, reach and I pull out a piece of paper, yeah? I shove it into your chest. That was for if I died. If you're gonna die, don't do it with a fucking flute up your ass, alright? And I storm off. ♪ Yeah, yeah. - Pardon me while I pull up the actual information that this has. Alright, let me pull up-- Was it in text or an email? (laughter) I didn't have it at the ready. Okay. As this conversation's happening, in the intensity of the emotions, you notice that Gilmore, Kima, and Devo'ssa, the brass dragon, are all just kind of sitting watching. Devo'ssa has their hands kind of clasped in front with their jaw resting on the edge and just kind of watching, and the-- the dragon's voice kind of billows up forth. "Ah, the drama of such short lives. It's heartwarming for us who don't get the chance to see it often enough. It's lonely in the tower." "I appreciate the offer, however, the longer I'm away from my city, the more in danger I leave it. I have many enemies, as does Ank'Harel, and I can guarantee you the moment that I absconded with your magic to aid you, that's the opening they've been waiting for, so I have to return to my city and my people, but I believe our debt is collected. Your victory against Thordak complete from where I once left it. I wish you luck." The large brass dragon face kind of shifts down right up to you and the immensity to distance is already intimidating, but when the front of the snarling jaws, the immensity of the nostrils flare right at the presence of a gnome sized individual... You've grown up fighting the sensation of feeling small in comparison to the world around you. You feel truly small this close to the front of the dragon's maw. The teeth curl into a grin and the voice kinda billows out, like, a slow rolling landslide into your face with the warmth of its breath. "Nah, keep it." And just steps over and starts making its way up the hall-- the cavern towards the district. "In my opinion, entities that are this intelligent, you never want to wait for them to fight on their terms." - And the slow rolling impacts of the dragon's feet grow quieter and quieter before you hear eventually... The wings lifting up and you see as a cloud of smoke and ash kind of pulls forth into the tunnel, showing the lift off as you can only ascertain J'Mon Sa Ord, leader of Ank'Harel, the brass dragon begins flight back towards their home. Plot twist! Assassination mission. -I love it. - The last thing you hear is the laughter of a one-armed man in the distance echoing. Kash and Zahra, who just kind of sitting off of the edge of the cavern, kind of taking a breather. "Um, well, I got a little bit, I guess." Zahra, by the way, is like healed to full. Kash kind of walks up and slaps you on your shoulder, Vex, and kind of a jolt and you heal 14 points. Cure wounds a little too, but as a bit of a jolt through your body. "You're welcome." He turns back around and walks back to Zahra. If you would like to take a short rest-- Okay, so you're all taking a short rest before or your going to the gold and not taking-- - Okay. So as you all take a moment-- So as you guys begin to take the rests, tend to your wounds, take a breather, and begin to mentally prepare yourself for whatever the next stage of your journey is. Grog, you step out into the cavern, now without the red in your eyes that normally calls to combat where your focus is on what you can hurt and kill as soon as possible. Now it's what can loot and keep as soon as possible. And make an investigation check. Fifteen. Uh, doesn't matter too much as you walk in and begin taking in the surroundings, you can see there are edges of the cavern that are just crammed with gold and platinum and art fixtures and vases, and golden, brass, and silver keepsakes and knick-knacks and decorations. You can see chains and candelabras You can see all sorts-- it looks like and you kind of-- some of you gleaned this as you went in here. This is more wealth than you've ever seen in your entire life. This...this is probably a majority of the wealth of Emon that has been slowly brought to Thordak and forced into his lair as part of the tyranny that he took over the city. So, all the money here has been amassed from the guilds, from the villagers, from the townsfolk, from the temples, from the shops, from the Cloudtop. This is the economy of Emon crammed into, at least a majority of it, into a singular cavern. Well, as based on your investigation check, which is a 15, um, you do find a couple of fun things. You find a... You find a somewhat familiar looking metallic rod about that long, cylindrical. Looks to have a couple of small, almost ring divots on it. You're pretty sure you have one of these. You've seen it? It's just a rod, basically. Mind you, that fighter's forearms look amazing. So you pick that up and you start glancing through and you're just kind of pushing through some of the art objects-- a large painting that just breaks in half. You smash a few vases, actually. Um, you also do see to the side a...what looks to be a wooden box about that big that is latched shut. It has beautiful engraving all across it. And what looks to be almost like gold leaf with little gems of blue and red kind of toward the corners. It's a really beautiful artisan wooden box about that big. And then there is a large, looks like a beautiful tapestry that is rolled up and bound. Uh, you pick it up and look at it. It has a little latch on it. - Make an intelligence check. Zero. You shake it, there's something inside it, rattles around. It's got a little heft to it. You look at it, try and pry open the side. Nothing. You want to use your strength? Go and roll a strength check. - Force it open. Eleven, okay. Uh, you crssshh and the wooden case just breaks in half. And as it does, you see what looks to be a small leather sleeve, similar shape kind of pfff and land. - Pick it up. And it's a leather pouch, it has a little top, it's buttoned shut. And it looks like there's something inside, almost like cards. What are you gonna pull out? You open it and you can see inside what looks to be about 13 cards, tarot looking cards. - Cards, yeah. Uh, they smell clean and fresh. Um, maybe from where you are right now in this portion, I'd say 25 feet. - As you guys have been resting, to be fair, as you're all sitting there in the tunnel kind of talking, you hear in the distance an occasional like ting, ting, ting, clunk. You look in the distance and you see Grog just like rummaging through the loot and throwing shit. - Uh, the tapestry that's bound up? - Go and make an investigation check. Okay, as you quickly go over, you find--there are a number of what look to be types of decoration, wall tapestries. And there one that Grog caught that it's a very, very fine material, it looks like it's probably expensive. Made of a very deep dyed navy blue silk with looks to be a very, very light tan pattern across it. As you unravel it, it's roughly six foot by nine foot. Um, it rolls out in front of you. Chuck on it, you'll fly. Which sounds like chat-oo! What do you want to do, do you want to spend some time with the tapestry? Okay, so you grab the tapestry and roll it up and toss it to the side. All right, so you pull one card out? Ryan, do we have a deck of cards anywhere? Just regular playing cards. (Ryan) I'm going to look for some. Thank you. All righty, so. Be patient here for a second, folks, as I have to pull out the proper deck here so I know-- (cross talk) As Travis now currently pulling a card out of some sort of enchanted deck. In my rush to get everything ready, -I did not... - Well, there was that too, but you know. I learn lessons the hard way sometimes. I hate you so much. (laughing) Okay. - Shuffle these here for a minute. You guys are all just resting. And Vax is asleep. Uh... - Literally. As you check the flute, what you put in the flute has been expended, yes. All right, so I want you to just pull one of these-- I'll turn them around, shuffle. You said you were just pulling one card, so you pull one card. What's it say? All right, good to know. Okay. Okay, hold on, I have to go back for a-- You'll find out, you'll find out. Look, man, the last thing I expected was Grog to be the first to loot for magical items. And roll a decent investigation check. And yet, here you are, discovering this deck. All right, so... With this... You pull the card out and it looks like this beautiful tarot like design of what looks like a metallic key that is currently held aloft in space behind what looks like almost like the stars converging into some sort of a pattern in the night sky. At this point-- As you pull the card and look at it, the card bursts into flames, and you feel this slight tingling in the hand that held the card. Suddenly, you watch as there's a flash of light within your grasp with what looks to be extending from where the card once was. You immediately feel something steel in your hand and as you clutch your fingers instinctually around it, and try to crush whatever it is, you look and watch as this beautiful looking scimitar like blade is now in your grasp. It's beautifully made, an ornate hilt and hand guard. And it has like a chain dangling from the bottom of the pommel that has, looks like a small blue gem. It's a beautiful looking piece of weaponry. And as you whip it back and forth, it's perfectly balanced. I mean, you can see there are a few marble busts and things that have been collected from the more-- There are a few, yeah. You need to recognize, some of these used to exist in the Alabaster Lyceum. These are actually busts of old heralded teachers within the arcane halls of the lyceum. - Yeah. Make an attack roll. - You can. It's a strength weapon. Twenty seven. Um, roll damage. It is considered a scimitar. It's a d8, I believe. No, no magical bonus on it. - 16, okay. And with your gauntlets you have siege, which means you do double damage against objects and structures. So as you take the sword back you strike the edge of this bust and watch it just turn to gravel and dust. Pshhh, it just shatters and explodes out the side with one singular swing and you watch as the small chunks of rock that still somewhat resemble any sort of, you know, sculptured structure go scattering across the black, you know, lava and magma encrusted darkened floor of the cavern. Blade is untouched. A moment passes. A second moment passes. - Make a slight of hand check, Grog. (laughing) You watch as Grog so discreetly takes the cards and just kind of throws them. (laughing) Somehow throws them closer to you and in between him and you guys, trying to hide them and just go thdummp. Roll an arcana check. Mmm, they're apparently magical. Twenty three. You, being a studious child and reading many things, you've heard rumors, you have heard myths, you have heard legends of glory and woe based around an artifact referred to as the Deck of Many Things. For all the gold that is in this cavern, none of it has any luster or shine to you as your singularly focused on finding another one of these deck of cards. You are throwing handfuls of platinum over your shoulder. All right, so continuing off of your investigation check-- - So you do have the Deck of Many Things which now has 12 cards in it. I'm gonna hand that to Laura. You do--you have that tapestry. You have--you find what looks to be a pair of very fine crafted dark green leather boots that have almost a silver or platinum scrolling along the edges of the leather, almost like leaves and branches that tangle in towards the front of the foot. It looks Elvish in design. And you find what looks to be a very, very well crafted war hammer. It has--its shape and its design is-- and only because you've seen this type of handle before-- it appears to be Dwarven in make. And it has a series of runes and glyphs along the sides of the war hammer head itself that seem to give you the sense that this is a very expensive, or at least a very, very elegantly crafted weapon. I mean, you can take the rest of your short rest with one of the objects to see if you can ascertain any sort of magic or information about it. Okay. - All right, the rest of you guys, is there anything else should rest, just healing up? Has everyone spent their hit dice? What are we at in point totals here? I think you're still full. Ninety, okay. At the end of the short rest, Vex, you've taken the time with the tapestry, looking at it. Its design kind of hurts your heart a little bit 'cause it reminds you of the flying carpet that you once had and you're like hoping and praying. And as it--as you're concentrating on it, and hoping that something comes to you, you're like, "Fly," you know, "Go." "Traverse, carry." You're just throwing all these words out. And as you're just getting more and more exhausted, and the rest of your party kind of look over with this, "Oh, give it up, girl," kind of look and shaking their head, a sudden hit of inspiration hits your mind and clarifies--the word "lift." You say lift and the tapestry goes fll fll fll. Bigger than the one you had before, yeah. Uh... Your broom can carry, uh, it can carry 400 pounds at a flying speed of 30. Sorry, it can carry 400 pounds, but its flying speed becomes 30 while carrying over 200 pounds. Roll an arcana check. - They look pretty. - They're nicer than the boots you have on. They don't necessarily match the ensemble, per se, but they're nice boots. This is the magical world of fantasy in which characters don't suddenly lose all their clothing or facial hair or body hair because of magical spells. I'm sure there are RPGs out there that let you do that. I'm sure Lamentations of the Flame Princess lets you do that. I think there's actually some exalted expansions that let you do that. Not this game. The fan artists take care of that for us. Yeah, sure. Sure, you can jump up on the carpet and get an aerial view. And as you get up towards the top if the cavern, look over. Yeah, it's a nice big square patch just for you. You do, yeah. So you watch as Percy kind of walks upside down from on the cavern and kind of gets a similar perspective as you. Make an investigation check. - Yeah. In all the time you spent here, most anything that catches your eye beyond just value, you've managed to scavenge and glean from the horde. Everything else seems to be just collections of expensive or valuable knick-knacks, collectibles, museum pieces. You know, silverware, furniture, art pieces. Gem collections, and then gold, silver, platinum. It's...you knowing good amounts of money, you can't even fathom the scope of this. Like this is... Like millions of gold pieces. Nothing that stands out or you would recognize. Yeah. Okay, yeah. How much are you taking? I mean, it's your choice really at this point. How much do you want to and how much can you carry? Do you feel comfortable doing? As Grog falls asleep cuddling with the gold coins. Like a slow rolling Scrooge McDuck. (yawn) Vex, you do find--with eight of your friends, too-- there are two diamonds roughly worth about 1,000 gold pieces that you can put off to the side as component. You do find gems, but really I mean, how much do you want to take, really? This isn't how much did you find, there's enough here to take pretty much anything you can carry. There's no way you can carry even but a fraction of this, so, what do you want to take? Okay. Sure. - Kima's abstained, by the way. Kima's not taking anything. While Gilmore is currently filling up a small satchel, he's like, "Well, I have to rebuild some way." Shoveling in small amounts, but you know, not too much. Good job, Grog. Hi, Vax, welcome back. You've never dealt with them directly other than scaring off a couple of younger cutthroats you caught in like an alleyway here or there. But you're aware of The Clasp. The Clasp, while largely centered in Emon, is a syndicate that is across all Tal'Dorei and has some hand in every village no matter how small. "I could probably run it, I'd probably have to go and check in with Allie. I'm sure she'd be interested in knowing about this since she's, you know, part of the council." "We have Asum--I mean we still have a number of standing council members and there's a few we still haven't accounted for." "My home is Westruun, to be honest, but I've kind of taken this as a second home." Glancing about, uh... roll an investigation check specifically looking for the scale. As opposed to looking for other things about the room. Ten total? It takes you about ten minutes and because the shifting low light in here the rocky formations of the ground itself, you're having a hard time finding any scales of Raishan's. It takes you about 15 or 20 minutes before you actually find a small cluster. From one of the wounds left behind by Grog. She did. Okay, casting the spell? Scrying eye, okay the reason, the item's DC, not your spell DC. It doesn't--then, uh, then we'll use your spell DC, that's fine, okay, so. So as you guys begin situating, Kima walks up at the surface. Gilmore's still kind of rummaging through and trying to find some interesting things. And there's a few moments when you hear Gilmore across from you like, "Hah, hah, this is mine." Starting to find things left over from his destroyed shop that have been scavenged by looters and brought back to Thordak as, you know, paying homage to their new ruler. Um, Kima begins to head up and you can hear now people have begun to gather en masse into the Cloudtop it sounds like other-- the rest of your soldiers along with Zahra and Kashaw are walking up with her and begin to organize and find whoever's been fighting through the city and figuring out how to set up a perimeter to defend the center which essentially the entire economy of the city lies underground. You begin to pull out the scrying eye and set up the small space for the ritual. You concentrate on it and kind of thrust your vision towards the center of the artifact. What's the spell DC? All right. So as you focus, you feel your vision kind of lift up into the dark clouds as the storm is drifting south--south east of the city towards where the wyvern riders have been escaping. Into the clouds and the dark, the moisture, the rain, you feel the humidity almost oppressive against you and you feel your essence being tugged, being pulled rapidly in a direction. Amidst the cloud, you don't know which direction it is, but it's pulled you quickly and suddenly you emerge from the clouds and you're over ocean. Um, over ocean you see in the distance just open waves, no signs of land, just water. And then a singular island, isolated, distant, far from everything. Your vision suddenly jumps, scats upright to the outside of this cavern opening. You see-- skips, I meant to say. Nothing escapes Laura's mind. She is our resident 13-year-old. - You're twins, that's fine. Yes. Skips ahead to the exterior of some sort of a mountain based cavern that dips deep into the ground in the center of this very, very thick jungle-like terrain. You can see portions of the cavern here have been ruined and broken down and there appears to be some sort of geothermal activity in the vicinity. Your vision skips again and you can see a deep series of winding caverns that lead to what looks to be like a stone-- a very, very old stone laboratory. You see cages. You see wooden furniture. You see what look to be portions of bookshelves that are toppled over. And out of the blurry peripheral of this one focal point where the spell has taken you, you can see what looks to be just out of sight, a large deep red crimson mass that is just resting still. You also see what appear to be to your other peripheral, two ovoid-like red shapes that are kind of resting in the edge. And there at one of the bookshelves you see a woman with long dark green hair. Um, wounded and bleeding. Currently pulling books out of the shelf and opening them and looking through and slamming it closed and throwing it down and pulling another book and going through. ♪ The vision recedes and your eyes blink and come back to you and you're back in the cavern of the lair. And with that we'll take our break. (cheering) That's your break, we'll-- (laughing) Alright, we'll be back here in a few minutes, take a restroom break and a snack break, we'll see you guys here shortly. Stay tuned. (laughing) ♪ ♪ Welcome back, ladies and gentlemen, to Critical Role. (laughing) Well done, Liam, well done. (indistinct remarks) So welcome back. Jumping back into our adventure. (laughing) So as the armies begin to filter in, word begins to spread throughout the city that every Fire Giant that stood beneath Thordak in the city has been slain. A multitude of the lizardfolk that were under Thordak and the Conclaves barrier have also been slain or have fled the city. The storm of the Ashari has wandered and dissipated as the immediate threat of the wyvern riding horde has fled towards the Stormcrest Mountains to the Southeast, and are now out of sight. The armies have converged and have begun searching for survivors and putting them under their care. Members of the Clasp have begun to rise up and meet with the remaining armies in discussions of how to bring most of the survivors out as the Clasp has actually been-- as they discussed before-- taking many of the survivors that aren't already bound to Thordak and keeping them underground, and kind of building small underground tent cities for them to live in while they try and figure out what to do. It's very interesting with those of you who've lived in Emon for enough time to see so many different people and so many different racial backgrounds, and so many different cultural decrees all coming to one point and all working together so quickly and so strongly just for the sake of recovery, for aid and there is an air of relief. Some people are gathering the dead and identifying them, bringing them out into portions of the streets to make sure that they are properly buried and the families are given notification. You can see a lot of the fires are being put out and people are doing the best they can to salvage as much of the city that still stands. And a lot of the city still stands untouched. I'd say a good third of it is gonna need some serious reconstruction and rebuilding. And being one of the largest-- if not the largest city on the continent, it's gonna take some time. You guys have begun to speak with the Warmaster as he approaches with his army, and kind of trade stories on what has transpired on their end and yours. And as this is happening, a familiar face steps into the district with a small group of cloaked figures. Standing before you, you see a tall, scaled female Dragonborn, tailless, armored, Tofor Brotorus, looking harried and exhausted. She steps up and you see what looks to be the cusp of a toothy grin at the edge of her mouth as she catches your attention, raises one hand. "You have no idea how happy I am to see that you all live. So, if I'm to be told, you are the ones that took down the Cinder King?" - "Then this is indeed the turning point. Do you have access to any of the members of the council? We've been cut off in the Lyceum for months." - "This is good to know, I was worried about them after the initial attack. Okay, all right." "Very well. With Warmaster's aid, and any of you who are able to, we'll begin to do the best we can to restructure some semblance of law and order here within the city." "Well, master, could you make that happen?" You see Mikael Daxio who is currently in the midst of giving orders to a few of his soldiers kind of puts his hand up and walks over. "I'm sorry, what?" "Mikael, if you would be able to offer some aid or strength of your troops to guard what remains of the city's economy." And Mikael nods. "Should not be a worry. Of course, I'll uh--" and he begins to talk with Tofor, and they begin to break down and structure how people are gonna go here and there. So the longer this progresses, the more it gets into more logistical conversations. What do you guys wanna do? I mean even the visuals I'm giving from a narrative standpoint are like a little more than the spell should, but it's for fun. Make an intelligence check. - Yup, intelligence modifier. - Yeah, you've--you, for lack of a better term, are the homeschooled one of the bunch, and you only recently left the-- well, before meeting the rest of these adventurers, you know, left Zephra to go and see what the world was about. So, unfortunately, you don't have as much worldly experience as other people on your team would. So the visuals you have clear in your mind, you have no personal life experience or any place that you've seen that you can connect the dots to. She closes her eyes for a second and kinda winces a little bit, her tongue kinda peaks outside her mouth for a second. "Uh, no. Wide ocean, you said, right?" "Most of my sailing was done in the Ozmit Sea." "Nothing that I've seen. Sorry." Roll an intelligence check. - Eighteen? Plus your intelligence modifier? That's good. Must be nice. (laughing) As Keyleth is going over the description again, you're thinking about it, and you did a bit of sailing. Sailing in the Lucidian Ocean is difficult. That's why Wildmount... -Take it outside, Liam. - The glass of many drinks. You've done a bit of sailing out of necessity, and the Lucidian Ocean is known for being the more treacherous of the large bodies of water, which is why between Wildmount and the other continents there isn't a whole lot of trade, or the trade that's out there is generally considered very expensive and for rarer items and resources. What catches your mind is the idea of geothermal activity. And while you haven't specifically been to a place like that, the islands you know that usually contain that type of subvolcanic activity to expel that type of, you know, region based terrain, those usually are in the southern region, south of Tal'Dorei. ♪ More like southern, southern Ozmit Sea. Close, but not specifically to the Hespit Archipelago, but somewhere in that similar type region. ♪ I'm gonna throw every dice at you, Travis. (laughing) No, not this one, this--the-- Thordak in particular has been interesting too, and as people have been discussing it here-- once a very intelligent and cunning Red Dragon. You don't know the full details of it, but there was something about his return to this realm after being sealed on the Fire Elemental plane, his return involved harboring an enchanted gem within his chest that kind of held and carried the essence of the Fire plane with him, and the longer it resided within Thordak, it caused him to mutate and swell into this, like, primordial beast dragon, but it also drove him insane. And so everything you've seen in the lair, it seems to be a natural chaotic formation of a more feral type dragon mentality than what you've heard about in your travels. Make a history check. Literally was like, If he's... he better roll a natural-- okay. No. - Don't say that yet. - You have always had a mild fascination with the macabre. And since the Age of Arcanum was also referred to as the Age of Wanton Necromancy, because at the time, there was no law against it. While necromancy exists in modern day Tal'Dorei-- more so in Wildmount, but it's generally heavily regulated. There are very few necromancers that weren't sanctioned or part of a government system so that it could be very closely watched, and any sort of research or development could be made, you know, made sure that it didn't turn into the usual classic, you know-- My power's greater than everything, I'm gonna go off and do my own thing. The den that she's describing is very much that type of a necromancer. And there are only a handful that catch your attention. One, uh, is an entity that you're very familiar with. That is what was once a great mage, necromancer, that began to pursue ascension to god-dom, known as the Whispered One, or the very familiar name of Vecna. However, however, the acknowledgement of Vecna's history was heavily tied into Wildmount, and what little bit of research you've done into the back history of the Briarwoods says that wherever Vecna's old, forgotten laboratory was, it most likely existed on the continent of Wildmount. The only other individual you can think of that is known historically was an individual known as Opash. Opash was a sanctioned necromancer during the Age of Arcanum on the continent of Marquet, and then after being discovered to be delving into his own experimentations, largely in the idea of crafting and sculpting flesh and undead flesh into whatever form it wishes, as well as the prolonging of life to pursue this endeavor, was set to be, was set to be executed. Through some very, very clever conversations and favors that were owed to Opash, it was agreed instead to just banish the necromancer out to sea. - Banished out to sea. - Opash. Those are the only two, like, famous necromancers that-- - So yes, it catches your attention. The Raven Queen, the mother of ravens is, um, is a fairly prominent member of the Pantheon of Exandria, the entire world. Once immortal, ascended to take on the mantle of death and winter as her domains of influence. She presides not over the afterlife, but the moment in transition from life to death. She is the keeper of fate, and keeps watch over the destinies of those who walk the prime and beyond planes, and occasionally takes interest in those that tend to bend the threads around them. Um, you know, resurrection, healing magic, things that maintain life naturally or a natural life, per se, are not infractions upon her belief as destiny is stronger and if an entity is meant to live to fulfill his destiny, then that is how it's meant to be. It's the creatures that pervert destiny, creatures that bypassed the natural predestined and essentially, balk what, in her sphere, says is supposed to be your way, your path, your timeline. Those are her fervent enemies. Largely feared because of what she represents. Largely misunderstood because of what she represents. Generally, worship of the Raven Queen is pretty rare from the circles you've run into. You've generally walked in a lot of-- especially in recent years-- more, um-- for lack of a better term-- -not urban-- - Rural, thank you, more rural environments Raven Queen worship is acknowledged, but generally there's no temples to her. - Oh, don't worry, you'll get to Wildmount eventually. - Gilmore is. Gilmore's kind of listening to the conversation while finishing closing off the satchels that he's filled with coin, and is currently kind of thinking to himself with his, you know, fingers crossed, his chin kind of perched upon his hands, and himself, trying to see if there's anything he knows out of the conversation. You do notice that also at this point there's a very faint glowing glyph on his forehead. - Do you say that? - Oh, and he kinda waves a hand briefly, and it kind of fades back into his skin and it's like there's no glow there. "Ha, it's a, it's a, just a thing." "Everyone has their magical specialties. I, um, I carry, I carry power in my bloodline." He looks back, 'cause there's people kind of in the vicinity, and he-- He kinda goes, "I'm what they refer to as a runechild. You don't know. - Go and make a history check. - Who are you, who am I? "I can." - "I've got a few low level spells still available, certainly. Oh, this is quite a fancy endeavor." "Oh, it's not just pretty, it'll perform for you. This, my friend, is a dancing sword." Okay, what'd you do, Grog? - My weapon's not a sword! I'm not part of your feudal system! All right, so you throw the sword on the ground. - Okay. - Here we go. (humming) The sword goes clang-clang. The music's playing, sword just stays there. As Grog slowly rotates, caressing the back of this ornate scimitar, the music emanating from Scanlan's fantastic shaum. A number of nearby military begin to slowly turn and just kind of cock their heads and watch as an unexpected display presents itself amongst the Cloudtop ruins. ♪ Gilmore leans in, "You might wanna spend some time with it first. I don't think it trusts you yet." - "Once it likes you it'll tell you a magic word. Use the word and that sword fights on its own." - "Of course, anything else you need?" "Yes?" - "Well, I just-- it's, um, it's a natural thing that some people are born with. It's a gift, it's, um--" "Adjacent." - "But no, it's--there aren't many of us, and let's just say, in times past, we were-- runechildren were sought after. Not always by the best of intentions. So I'd like to keep this information--" - "It pervaded the entire Age of Arcanum, but, um, it's not that it's-- it's just not well understood, and, uh, um, just please." "That's why I like you, Grog. The details go nowhere." "Opash?" - "Hmm." - "Can't say I have, I'm sorry. I wasn't really a history buff, sorry." "If we all go quickly, yeah." - "I would recommend not really trying to break it." "You've seen it happen, I can tell." (mixed remarks) "Well, I'm glad I'm alive, I'm glad you're all alive." - "It's the least I could do, and if anything, it's really-- this experience has helped me come to terms with the fact that I should not be on the battlefield. I need to stay in the shop, and I--" "Yes, and I was also on fire a lot. -I want to avoid that." - "You know, my intent a while back was to start a franchise. We'll see how the winds carry me, after all, I think--" And he kinda tugs open this large heavy sack and satchel that's on his side now, and to the other side you see a small compact bag of holding, and he goes, "I think I've got it taken care of." (laughing) - "Well, I mean, if you're going to Whitestone, -I'm coming with you." - The kind of people that would follow you into battle for this, as small as your group was, the kind of people that you know you can trust this, and Samantha with her like, kind of, you know, graying hair that's pulled into this kind of hard topknot on top, and her darker skin with the scar across her cheek, and her breastplate of armor, she comes up and kind of grabs your hand and goes, "Don't worry, I've got it taken care of, it's fine." "We've gathered the dead, we'll make sure with what you've given that we'll get it back to the families that remain." "Hey, I'm always down to rough up some ruffians." "Ker, go with your friends." - Yeah, I mean, she looks like she could definitely bruise you in the face with a left hook. So, for you, yeah. "He's going with you, right?" - "Great, okay." Yeah, Kima's ready to go, she's like, "All right, we're going back to Whitestone?" "Sure." - "I don't do the whole council thing, but they assure me it's fine, Allie's gonna know what to do. I just--this is really depressing me." He's in the middle of a conversation. "Yes, yes, we've got it covered. Let Allura know as soon as she can, come to us, we have a lot to discuss." - "Everyone, thank you." - "And from me, from all the civilians of the city, from Tal'Dorei proper, we all owe you a great debt of gratitude." "Thank you for having ours. Now, off with you, you know where to find us." "We'll discuss with them. I do believe that we've already had a few conversations with a few operatives during our arrival within the city, and they've been very forthcoming with information, and willing to aid us. So, yes, I appreciate the acknowledgement." "Very well." He eyes kinda narrow a little bit, he nods towards you. "Indeed. Well, I'll take it from here. Return when you can. Get Allura back to us, and stay safe." And he turns back to handle some more business. What do you guys wanna do? - Okay. - You guys make your way walking southward through Emon, and-- Six episodes just getting out of Emon. (laughing) You guys make your way through, and as you do, it's, it's an emotional journey, because as you walk through the city that became your home as you all became a family, you can see familiar sights, you can see familiar thoroughfares, and streetsides, and taverns, many of which have sustained severe damage, many that have been reduced to nothing but rubble and ash. And some that still stand defiantly versus all the difficulty, and stress, and strenuous struggle that has existed for weeks and weeks and weeks here. You see people slowly emerging from the shadows to try and reclaim what remains of their life, but you also see them helping each other. You also see a comparison between the busy bustle and kind of general selfish lifestyle that most people in a well-off capital city exist in replaced with a newly understood sense of kinship and looking out for each other. You see the guards themselves beginning to really understand, in their lifetime, the first true, large-scale victory for the betterment of their people and what that means to them. And there's kinda a sense of pride through the sadness that many of the armed soldiers you've come across probably never had. ♪ It gives you hope, though to see it in such a state in itself is harrowing in its own right. You can already begin to see through this energy and through the slow crawling return to life that you've helped ensure that Emon still has a future, let alone Tal'Dorei itself. No one catches your attention as you leave, but a number of eyes train onto you as you exit. And many of them flash with recognition, their face going bright, and then with just a solemn nod of, "Thank you." Eventually you find yourself to the southern gates of Emon exiting out into the charred fields that once were green and lush with grain and grass. Eventually coming upon the exterior of Greyskull Keep, the home of Vox Machina. Just as you left it, abandoned, the front gate partially ajar. There stands the keep. Mighty, defiant, and somewhere there is a jar of no-longer-magical poop. (laughing) Making your way inside, there is the garden that you left within the Temple to Sarenrae and the large central tree that you use for most of your transport to and from, Keyleth. - Looks as good as you left it. It was far enough from the battle to where it didn't seem to suffer any sort of blows or issues. You guys managed to basically focus everything within the city's walls, so, good on you for that. They've all kinda walked along with you. Okay. As Keyleth steps forward and places her hands across the base of the tree, she focuses and it's almost like grasping two ends of a bag and then pulling it open with alternating zippers. You watch the bark split, and as it opens up and crawls from floor to the seven-foot apex, a doorway is opened temporarily, and on the other side you immediately see the, the slow morning sun beginning to rise in Whitestone across the city. - You all go charging through as fast as you can, all emerging into the center of Whitestone's central area, the twilight being slowly cast away by the rising sun. The Sun Tree at your back as the doorway closes behind you, and the cold air immediately catches your lungs. You've been amongst the heat and the clouds of smoke and soot of Emon for so long amongst the struggle, the cold crisp air is almost a welcome moment of respite from that experience. You look around you and the little bits of grass have broken the cobblestone and floor of the open area, have bits of frozen dew across their surface, and it's this beautiful crystal moment of peace that you didn't realize you've been seeking for quite some time. You can see the gentle bit of light beginning to crest over the mountains, hitting Castle Whitestone ahead of you. You've returned. What do you wanna do? As you guys walk your way up the path to Castle Whitestone, the Pale Guard morning shift has already begun to walk across the grounds. They greet you, you're let into the castle, and from your perspective, this hillside, this small mountain that marks the northern side of Whitestone, the city that sits in the central valley surrounded by the thick Parchwood Forest, you see this beautiful castle. Not too large, but enough to have once housed a very respectable royal family, if you will, of at least lord and lady blood. Made of a dull pale gray. You've never been to Whitestone, you've heard about it, and you immediately assume that, Well, this is what they call it 'cause the castle itself has a little bit of white. Entering inside, it's slowly beginning to rouse. You sense some energy with the sunrise. People begin to make breakfast and guards begin to walk past. Eventually, with you guys taking a moment to kind of rest and even grab a little bit of food, as early as it is, Cassandra enters. You watch as a woman in her-- what you can only imagine to be late teens, early twenties physically, but her eyes carry the wisdom that only years of trauma and survival can hold. Her dark brunette hair with a single shock of white that kind of curls to the back. Walks in, consciousness-- as much as you could expect from a girl that early in the morning. Has her hands kinda clasped at her chest. "Well, um, back so soon, are we?" "Then it is done, I'm proud of you all." - "I can see that, and I'm quite thankful. Um, your friend, I don't believe I've had the honor." - All of you do. All of you right now are just wrecked. - Like still, still shiny from like oils and sweat. There's still like smeared ash and-- "I've not had the pleasure." "The guards went and summoned me. To be perfectly honest, I don't usually rouse so early in the morning, but this is good news. And to be perfectly honest, the last few times the guards have summoned me with your arrival, they've been with a bit of a scare. So, um, it's an absolute pleasure to make your acquaintance, Ker, you are welcome here. Any friends of my friends are a friend of mine." Sure, roll an insight check. - Suddenly suffers how much psychic damage? - "Well, rest." "Well, you know where we keep the wine." "Are we expecting more or is it just you?" - "All right, I'll have her roused. The rest of you, if you wish, I could have baths drawn. I think you could use it." - "Brother." "I mean no disrespect, but as a lady of esteemed blood, you are all a terrible mess." "No, no, no, no!" And for a second, for a second you see a glimmer of the young sister that grew up with Percy fighting him off, and she pushes him off. (laughing) "Thank you." "Yes, yes, you are. -I'm glad you're back." - "All right, I'll have Allura brought to you. Rest well, should you require anything, I'll be in my chambers waking properly." She leaves the room. ♪ Though you had--brought little scraps of food as they were available, a full breakfast meal is properly prepared for you, warm food. Yeah, you guys take time just being cleaned properly. As you pull Jarrett aside, you get but a few steps away and he goes, "I'm not doing it again." Okay, okay. Is this through the hand cone, because that's a whole-- -that's not subtle. - That's okay, he rolled a five. So, what are you modifying? No, he hasn't. - He hasn't, and-- - Okay. - All right, and at which point you watch as his eyes kind of glaze over for a moment. He was about to make his way towards getting his own shower. He let everybody else go first, and he kinda stops for a second and his eyes glaze over, and he kinda blinks for a second. "Well, I understand these have been very trying days. If there's anything I can do to help, let me know." And you see the look in his eyes that you've seen before, which is the, I don't do this, I barely know how to do this, and the connections I have, it's, it's gonna be hard. And you see this look, but as opposed--where previously it was, I can't do this anymore. He goes--he reaches up, touches your shoulder and goes, "I'll do what I can." "Just so you know, I'm expecting a raise, 'cause, uh, I kinda almost died like twice. It's ridiculous." "I'll see what I can do." Then he goes and leaves to take a bath. Yeah, there's maybe four at any given point in time. So you guys still have to kinda take turns. That is--that is an amazing D&D choice. Hey, Laura-- In hindsight, that changes everything. -Wow. - It's like The Abyss. (laughing) All right, so... unless you have any more particular bath-based shenanigans to encounter... ...and that might work better. No, he only does it to people that don't deserve it. So, after you've all come-- finished bathing, come down to get your breakfast, and you've all kinda gathered around the table and there's, you know, chatter, that sort of, the release after so many nerves built up even though there is still things to tackle, there is a moment of kinship and respite and, honestly, Ker, it's a little strange for you at first. You--such jovial atmosphere in the face of such... you know, recent tragedy and trauma reminds you of back when you used to do this. And it's weirdly welcome. You know, it's very humanizing, and there's a brotherhood that comes after battle that you can only describe if you've been there. And it's been a while since you've had this type of brotherhood. And even though you're quiet amongst their chatter, and they are a family that you're outside of, you can't fight the smile. Breakfast wine! All right, well, you watch as Ker comes back with two bottles after being given directions as to where the... (bottle pops) Just like that. (laughing) A bottle in each hand, and each of you grab a bottle, and kinda toast the bottle itself. You're gonna drink. Is there anything you guys wanna discuss while you're having breakfast? No, opposite side. - Vasselheim's to the northwest. Wildmount is the east-- northeast of Tal'Dorei. Uhh. - Maybe--you'd have to check with Zahra. Sure, there we go. Hotis-wise, it's been a few weeks. - Make an arcana check, Sam. Twenty-three. Umm, best that you know, as far as like hierarchies and devils in that plane, a devil as high-ranking as the one that you guys fought that got its ass handed to it by a bunch of random people in the City of Brass is considered such a slight in the eyes of the hierarchy of the Nine Hells, that devil probably has been punished stripped of its power, and is not something you probably need to worry about. "Preferably no biting at all." As you look, you see at the table, her hair kinda pulled up into these small circles at the bottom of her head-- you see Allura, um, with just kinda like a nightrobe on. She steps in... you see a woman standing with blondish, light hair that's been braided into long braids and then curled up into these small little balls underneath with like a dark blue-- almost shimmering materials are her robe. She steps in a sits down across from you guys at the other end of the table and begins taking them out and begins kind of rebraiding them. "I'm very happy to see that you're all safe. From what I've also been told, that there is no need to maintain the illusory barrier over Whitestone, which is of great relief to me as that's been draining. I have also heard that Thordak has fallen, so congratulations are in order." "I'll tell you what-- when I have my tower rebuilt, then perhaps we'll find the right place for it where it matches the rest of the furniture. Until then, hold onto it." "I can change that." - "Please, I would appreciate that. In fact, any of my things that you may've stolen or taken over the past few years, keep them away from acid in general, thank you." She thinks for a second. "Do you remember the name of the island that apparently Thordak was ruling over when he was thought lost at sea?" - "Uh, this was information that Raishan gave you." I would say yes for you. Well lawyered. (laughing) Yes, there was something-- after Thordak was long thought dead, Thordak seemingly reemerged after spending a few--as far as you know-- years, decades, centuries, possibly, rebuilding his domain on what was called the island of Viscon. Viscon in the south of the Lucidian Ocean. And so as you say-- as it comes to your mind, you're like--You say Viscon? Allura goes, "Viscon. Now, I know this island is-- it was part of our research when Thordak first began to attack and assail the seven regions of Tal'Dorei back when, you know, me and Kima were adventuring. Um...I don't know much about this Opash figure you speak of." "We did not go to the actual island, we just had to discover that was the-- the historical creep of Thordak's domain." "It was fiercely guarded, and at the time, our focus was more to banish the creature as opposed to trying to walk into the center of its home, and none of us would be alive. That would be a place to look." Role a religion check. Seventeen. I mean, you've-- you've come across a modicum of necromancy in your years-- your younger years, at least. Usually, low level, employed by various tribal sages and wandering, marauding hordes of orcs or knolls that were, you know, given positions of power within their small cultures, because they had begun to harness some of the powers of life and death, but nothing that really left a lasting impression. There was one tomb that you excavated that it was beyond the southern lands of the Stormcrest Mountains. It was in the Reifenmist Peninsula, which is the thick jungles that exist on the southern peninsula of Tal'Dorei, below the countryside, below the actual political structure. It's a free land, it is beyond the rule of Tal'Dorei or Syngorn, and it is where refugees flee from society. It's where folks that want to live beyond the law go and build their own place, but south of that into the jungle, there are many lost and ancient places that were either forgotten intentionally, or buried through time as the founding to the age of Arcanum in these eons past and past. There is one tomb that you went to that was steeped in heavy necromancy and even just a short journey in, you lost two friends, watching the life sucked from their corpses, left behind just these dust-skinned skeletal memories, and you fled--you and the remaining members of your team. Since then, you've been keenly aware of the awful effects of necromancy, and it honestly scares you, and so the more this discussion continues, the more and more just uneasy you become with the discussion. Um, as far as the essence of what Opash may have in store, uh, you're not particularly sure, but, um, I mean, the domain of necromancy is life and death. Um, and that central theme keeps reemerging with Thordak, with Raishan, with whatever this dynamic is, there's something about life and death that is cyclical in this conversation that keeps you connected. ♪ You should slow down on the breakfast wine, friend. "The island of Viscon-- it would be in a zone that does see quite a bit of activity of that kind. There are a number of places in the ocean that are known to just perpetually spire forth sulfur and other terrible fumes." "Long before he came." "I'm--I don't doubt that. There is something to be said for that, so--" "If you do decide to inquire, this island of Viscon, carefully, slowly, methodically, whether or not this has a tie or this is specifically where the deceiver lives at the moment, who knows how long they'll stay. You say she's seeking something there?" "Let's just say, what happens if she finds what she's looking for?" "It was?" - "You destroyed the Soul Anchor?" "Well, that's something at least." "I'm--I haven't been there, -but if I were to scry..." - "...what would you require-- what would you need?" "Well, I mean, I can attempt to. I've only heard of it, so..." Yup, you can scry on a location. That was my fault in the past, by the way. I completely--I-- very into the spell. Yeah, if you have secondhand knowledge, and you've heard of the target, you can still scry to it, it just has a modifier-- if it's a target. If it's a location, um... You could try, yeah. You can certainly try. Thank you, Laura. I needed a little goose. - Needed a little ... Sleight-of-hand. For the hell of it, Kerrek, go ahead and roll-- roll a perception check. He took a mighty swig. So as the liquid hits your lips, it's thick. It's like... (laughing) It doesn't pour like wine or liquor, it pours more like a-- like a light honey. But it has a very acrid, um... pungent, immediate flavor as it hits your tongue. I need you to roll a constitution saving throw. Kind of, yeah. When the most basic forms of life eschew existing on a substance, that's when you have to drink it. So--so-- You may. As it fills your gullet, the warm, burning sensation you're used to with fine, heavy liquors is surpassed by the ever-burning sensation of fire within your lungs, and as the heartburn begins to kick in, you stop for a second and realize that the burn goes away and everything goes numb. Everything goes numb. Your tongue...your jaw... As this is happening, you all look over and glance that, as Allura has cleared the table and begun to set a space for the scry ritual, -is just staring at you all. - "Oh, please, keep going." - "This is the most fun I've had in days." She pops it off, and goes, "Look, it's morning, we're all alive. What's the point if we're not celebrating?" - Ah. "Not my favorite flavor." (gasping) - "I feel fine." "All right." (laughing) She sits across the table from you and puts her hands out. "That it does--simpler times." As you both close your eyes and you all watch as Allura and Keyleth close their eyes. A moment passes, a second moment, and across the smooth, polished wood table surface of which you've been having breakfast, you watch as the grain begins to shift. Almost these small lines of light blue and white sparkling, tiny arcane ley lines begin to just curl a circle around the table. In the center, their arms are clenched. You watch as it carves two circles-- one smaller one within the other-- and then begin to form these various, rigid, star-like patterns within, and as soon as the two points eventually connect in the center, there's a flash, and both Keyleth and Allura open their eyes, but there is no pupil, there is no iris, it is just white. - The two of you share a vision-- a vision of water, a vision of endless ocean-- a familiar vision of endless ocean. You see small pillars of steam rising out of the center of this expanse, clusters of them in places, occasionally a few rocks breaking the surface, and beyond that, you see an island isolated out in the ocean, covered with green. You see a large mountain set across one side as your vision flashes inward to an overhead view, you see a familiar island. The vision fades, you both return, the circular glyphs on the table kind of sparkle out leaving the smooth surface untouched. Both of their eyes clarify, their irises and pupils returning, and they both take a simultaneous breath, and then release each other's hands. There were a number of trees. - "You get two options." - "And I defer to your judgment on this. You rest and prepare, that leaves her to rest and prepare." - "You don't rest, she doesn't rest. The choice is yours as to which you think leaves you in the more advantageous position. "I've unfortunately already used my spell to get you to..." She stops and goes, "I've seen it, actually, with the vision. And I did rest--I do--I could. I could get you there." "The choice is yours." - "I wouldn't recommend that." "But nevertheleth..." (laughing) She goes back to braiding her hair. (laughing) Eight hours. (grumbling) Well, you don't know that. "Yes." - "There's no need for me to maintain the illutho-- -the illusory barrier on the thity." - "That's rather imprethive." "To be perfectly honetht, we've given you everything we have." (laughing) - "Don't laugh at me, Vex'thahlia." Nope, need a full eight hour rest. There were quite a number. Probably 100 at the very least. "I mean, I can incrementally scry on an island and keep an eye on the vicinity, but if I scry directly on Raishan--" - "Well, there's a chance." Well, you came upon a number of empty potions-- things that were part of Umbrasyl's hoard. At night, you get full points, and you get back half of your-- half of your hit dice that were spent. And on that note, you begin to put your things together, your plots, your preparations for getting to rest... Did you have something you wanna do? Okay. Alrighty. Prepared and ready to go. You have your next dose of brown suude prepared. Okay. The whole time, just like slowly cut past the wall, and there's Ker just going-- holding it. (groaning) (laughing) - "Oh, I'm there, don't worry." "So, you all get your rest. I'm honored, really. I was proud of you all for going into that fray as you did. And you had many great compatriots at your side. I was a little jealous." "I'm sure she did." "I'm sure she'll continue to complain about things that fly. It's never been her strong suit. But I'll be there with you, do not worry. Rest well. I've had a full night's sleep, I'm just gonna keep vigil and no longer drink things you procure from your bags without inquiring." "I'm sorry, I didn't understand that, Vax'ildan!" - All right, so as you all find evening's rest, we'll go ahead and end tonight's session there. (cheering) Preparing for whatever chaos the next endeavor unfurls. Well done, guys, it's fun. Let me know, I mean, we'd love to have you.