Oh boy. That's a lot, that's a lot of people. All righty, let me shore up my positioning here on the camera for you fine folks and open my energy drink because that's what makes this show happen. (shushing noises) Anyway, welcome everybody to our first Critical Role live, all of you folks there on the internet and everyone here in person in Los Angeles, California. (cheering) The current Loot Crate theme for July is Futuristic, includes a lot of awesome Rick and Morty, Futurama, Mega Man, Valiant Comic stuff, Star Trek, that fun element there. We've got music playing, it's on. Oh man, I feel like things are happening. There we go. Perfect. Tech stuff is coming together. Yeah, so Futuristic is their crate theme this month. We also have the anime Loot Crate is themed Squadron. Has a bunch of stuff from Gundam, Gate, Arpeggio of Blue Steel, Antimagic Academy, a lot of exclusive stuff, of course you guys can go ahead and get $3 off a subscription by going to lootcrate.com/criticalrole and putting in "criticalrole," one word, in your nice little Loot Crate subscription bonus. And the paint is actually healthy to eat, apparently. That's not at all the reason why Grog's intelligence is that low. So, if you haven't checked it out yet, check out Loot Crate, thank you guys so much for sponsoring our show, we love you. Great. So. Next up we have-- we recently had a t-shirt contest, didn't we? Laura, if you want to take that away for me. You do, actually, yeah. There were so many amazing contenders for that contest that the community puts out, so we-- Yay! Next announcement I have, when I arrived here I discovered that there was an actual PokeGym as a part of this mall, I'd like to ask Team Valor to go ahead and make sure that shit leaves red. (cheering and booing) Look, the whole San Fernando Valley's blue, okay, give me something! All right, anyway. Yeah, it's become a thing. And we have another cool announcement. Travis, do you want to take it away on that one? Hell yeah. So if this wasn't nerve-wracking enough for me, we have another one in a couple of weeks. But I'm super stoked, it's going to be my first time at GenCon, I've been wanting to go for many years and this is a nice way to go, I guess. So. Check it out. Hopefully we'll see you guys there. That brings us to the end of our announcements and will bring us down-- That's true, actually, yeah. Because all the company, everyone's going to be at Comic-Con doing panels and scheduling and stuff, there will be no episode next week, but I promise that we'll make the episode the week after that extra cool. (cheering) All right, all right, we've got to do a story here! It's appreciated, but-- All right, so, bringing us in now, back to tonight's episode of Critical Role. Guys, pay attention. The camera's already on. So. Our intrepid band of adventurers, Vox Machina, found themselves recently traversing the Feywild in search of another Vestige of Divergence. In doing so, they managed to find an old friend in the nymph Nahla, acquired some information, trading a book, and found their way towards the ever-shifting grasses northward in search of where the Divergence, the object of the Divergence lies. In doing so, they found a new ally, a new friend. A little satyr by the name of, where is it here-- Garmelie, thank you. Now Garmelie, who had made some really interesting sketches of the party upon being caught was then dragged into Scanlan's magnificent mansion, at which Pike asked him to make a fantastic mural for the interior of that place, which I think still resides there to this day. And on the internet, as we've discovered. Upon traveling further north, hopefully to find their final destination in the form of the Shademirk Bog, where the Fenthras bow seemingly exists, you instead came upon Syngorn, the city from the youthful days of Vex and Vax. Upon speaking to the head-- pardon me; you see, all the nerves gets the belching out. It works out well. Upon encountering Watcher Iova watching the gate, recognizing the twins, let them within the actual city of Syngorn. And that is where we left off. So, as you guys walk through the beautiful verdant city, tall seemingly endless trees around you, many buildings naturally formed and built from smoothly carved stone, various ancient sigils carved throughout the entire cityscape, the very heavy-armored Verdant Guard gathered in places, and a general air of intensity and building military might within the city of Syngorn, you have your invisible companion Garmelie, who at some point in the near future agreed to tell you what it is he wishes you to steal for him as part of the deal that was made by the twins. So. What would you like to do? She's walked off. She literally let you guys in the city and went, do what you've got to do, and then turned away and the rest of the guards-- The city is the same as it was. You actually don't feel a general presence, and then as you move you feel a slight tug at your belt. About 15, 20 feet back. You hear a whispered voice that curls up by your ear, strangely given the fact that he's so small, so the voice is being thrown right into the side of your eardrum, goes, "Just be quiet! Find a "place in which we can speak privately, and then I will be happy to tell you. Shh! Stop talking to "the air; it upsets them." (coughs) The few that look in your direction, Keyleth, take a moment to nod, look you over and then continue walking, seemingly perturbed by the sudden interaction and the immediate realization that you're not of full blood. So. As you guys continue following Vax'ildan towards the abode of their father, you keep an eye out towards the rest of Syngorn proper. You see the further into the city you go, interspersed with a few Emon guards, you see a handful of individuals that are human, and they're dressed in the actual attire of the guards of Emon, and they're intermingling right now with the Verdant Guard, the military might within Syngorn. The Emon guard. There is a name, and it's somewhere in my notes but we're good. So. You guys continue making your way towards the abode. After traversing on the outskirts of what would be the tangleward side of the city, the eastern side, you travel in through an area of buildings that are very beautifully crafted, many of which seem to have stemmed from some sort of a tree growth, but upon closer look you can see that it's actually carved stone to resemble a tree. And then it eventually rises up into a somewhat spherical building, and there are many that build off of that to create this kind of neighborhood of various elven abodes within Syngorn. You make your way towards the end of this particular-- (laughter) The guards now step up and flank a little bit, keeping a close eye as you've now approached and effectively knocked on the handle of a relatively middle-to-high-ranking individual within Syngorean society. Eventually the door opens and you see a woman standing there bright blonde hair, braided and tied up in the back. She's wearing more of a work-gown for the day. You recognize her as Devana, the new wife of Syldor, the one that you had once met before in Emon when you guys came upon your father last time. As the door opens up, she looks out for a second, taking in the whole group that has gathered on the outside of their home and goes, "My god. Vax'ildan, Vex'ahlia, we "weren't expecting you!" "He is." She glances out, looks up. "That's always a good question. The longer we stay in these realms, "the more confused my daughter becomes." "Weeks now, I assume. Best that our timepieces can keep." "She is, would you like to see her?" "Come in. Is it just you two?" LAURA and (bear noises) Nudges your arm to the side and comes forward and sniffs out to Devana. She shrinks back a little bit and reaches her hand out to the nose and taps the edge of Trinket's face, and Trinket licks her fingers. The two guards closest to you, within their helmets their eyes narrow, they look at each other and shake their heads. Devana goes, "Very well. If you would all proceed to be quiet if you could, Syldor is "working. And you may stay outside," she says to the guards. And they both, "We were given orders, milady, to--" "I understand that. But this is already a lot of people in our home. Stay close within earshot, "it'll be fine. I trust them." The guards, (sighs) No reaction whatsoever. You guys make your way into the home and are immediately caught with a very strong smell of cedar. It's a very pleasant-smelling home, and the hearth is warm. It's everything you wanted your home to be, and it immediately hits you to walk in here and see this kind of life away from a life, seeing elements of it that remind you of your childhood, things about it that flag memories to your head of good times and bad, in just a few mere moments. And at that same time, there's a sadness because so much of it has changed, so much of it seems better than the memory. And for a moment there, you feel a little tinge of wondering how different it might've been. At which point that thought process is broken as Devana steps in and goes, "Would anyone like tea, perhaps?" "Something like that, yes. It's been a little scarce in the Feywilds. More difficult to "farm herbs here than you'd think." "Thank you. Appreciate that." "Thank you. What was your name again?" "A pleasure to meet you again--" "That's, that's really not necessary in my home. You, sir, your name?" "That's a curious title." "Very well, coffee table. What's your name?" (laughter) "All right. You, sir?" "Black tea, got it. And you, sir, the large one?" "Very well. I'll return with Syldor once he knows you're here. It may be a while if you don't "mind waiting, but the tea will come out posthaste." "Let me get her for you, she'll be very like to see both of you, she asks from time to time." She brushes a little lock of hair that's fallen in front of her face behind her ear, and smiles and darts off towards the kitchen. A few moments pass with you guys sitting in awkward silence, looking about the space in the vicinity. Looks to the twins. Eventually Devana comes out and sets tea for all of you across the central table in this meeting area, and behind her you see, clutching the edge of the skirt, you see this tiny, long brown hair that is braided, but the braid's coming undone, tomboyish looking elven girl that peeks around the side of her dress and hides again behind the back. [high-pitched noise] The technical aspects. We're working through it, but we got through it, thank you for your patience. So the last few minutes, we're not quite sure how much you guys may have missed, but the party wiped. We're rolling up new characters. No, for the Monday episode we'll go ahead and make sure to splice in anything that may have been missed for the past minute. But the party had come to the home of Syldor, the father of Vax and Vex. They had a brief discussion with Devana, his new wife. They were given tea after introductions and then briefly discussed the merits of being a warrior with their half-sister Velora Vessar, and upon discussing apparently a war of some kind, Syldor made his way into the room, and you look and you see the long dark hair of Syldor, his pale complexion, his stern face, staring back at you all from within the doorway as he closes it behind him and steps into the room. You see Devana sits up now and comes over to him and says, "My dear, would you like us to leave you alone?" He goes, "Don't worry, it will be fine. Have a seat. Besides, we're all family. "Well, some of us, at least." And he looks over to Grog. "Good day, indeed." He comes up and sits, and he's wearing long, dark brown robes with golden and red embroidery on the side, but it's very casual home wear, and he sits down, pulling up a chair across from you guys in this area, and takes one of the cups of tea and sips it. And you can see there's an intensity to his face. He's here, and he looks like he's partially inconvenienced by your presence like he always did, but he also looks like he hasn't slept well, there's some dark circles under his eyes and he seems a little distracted for such a climactic re-meeting. "Surprise, indeed. So. It's good to see you both. Glad you're in good health. You've come "quite a ways to come speak with me, being as we currently reside within the Feywild." "Look. We had the entire Fort Daxio army down here and we were to give aid to push into the "nearby mountain range where apparently there was an influx of lizardfolk, had been a continuous "problem, and apparently a break had been seen somewhere. However, we had sent most of our forces "into the mountain range and then received word that three great drakes were making their way "straight toward Syngorn after the destruction of Emon. Knowing that, we had no recourse but to flee "and prepare when it was time. Had we stood our ground, we would be the same burning crater that "your fair city is now." "That is exactly what we're doing. The remnants of the Emon army we currently have here "in the city, we've been building armor and weapons to make sure the most sure-footed and "strong-of-arm men and women of our fair city can make it to that battlefield "and tear that beast down." "Good. Why are you here?" "And you are?" "Well. We currently have all of our resources engaged in our plans of attack. There is "not much we could offer you other than, if you wish to stay here within the city, we could "provide a place to sleep, food, and when the time is right you may join our ranks into the fray." "Why on earth would you be heading to the Shademirk?" "Right. Well. Good luck with that." "I think it's a fool's errand to chase a fleeting rumor into a location that is known to "devour and destroy anyone who steps within its bounds. But by all means, you've always been ones "seeking the darkness." You hear Velora chuckle. Devana's like, "Shh! Quiet!" She (raspberry noise) at her mom as you pick her up there. You can see Devana smiles as she does so. Roll an insight check. All right. I'd whisper, but the microphone makes it useless. It's fine. He appears tired, he appears like a lot of his intention and time has been put towards something important-- Possibly. But he doesn't appear to be lying or fudging the truth at all, he's just tired. He says, "Look. There are a lot of pieces at work here. If you have your own path, by all means. And "while I have heard of some of your exploits, and I am quite impressed, I hate to be blunt, but it's "difficult and strange to mingle family new and old. Your presence here brings up difficult "memories for me." "Yes. It's duskward of here." "I have not traversed this land extensively. I've been here working along with the heads of the "city to make sure we are ready for this attack." "A few weeks." "Well. There is an attempt to join up with the remnants of the Fort Daxio force. They have "not gone to Emon themselves and they currently reside camped out near where Syngorn usually is. "We have a few groups that are set on the other side of the veil in the prime realm and they are "keeping an eye out for this. A few scouting parties are in Emon as we speak, trying to gather "intel on Thordak himself. Once we have that information and we can formulate what to expect, "then we can attack." "He's currently the largest threat to our safety, our home, and our return. Don't think this "is the first time a red dragon of that size has been felled. There have been ancient ages of "various deaths from his people. It's not impossible, but we need to be ready." "And I take it you're their leader." He very slowly sighs while grabbing his tea. Devana says, "I'm terribly sorry, I didn't mean that--" Syldor crosses his fingers together and, "I can give you a letter that will grant you entry to "a few of our general storehouses. However, most of you are outsiders and others have been ostracized "in their own right." "Your title, your court, is unfamiliar with me. I doubt it will hold sway within this town, "this city, this entire realm. But you speak of great importance, are you the leader of this "troop, he who brings up words of courts and titles?" "Manners, by the way, are extremely effective in times of peace. This is not one of "those times. However, I appreciate that you at least acknowledge the way things sometimes work. "So. Daughter. Son. What else do you need of me?" "Yet you still came to my home." "That's exactly what I intend to do. If you wish to help in that, then so be it. I'll pull "what I can within the city. (sighs) Just leave me to my business, please." You see for a moment there, for all the facade, all the front that he puts up, that strong distance facade, you see the fatigue break through, and there's a, like a dark heartbreak. "This is a greater threat than we've "ever faced in our lifetime, and many of those in this city have lived quite a while. We have to do "things right. Don't be foolish. Too many lives have been lost at the hands of these dragons, some "closer than others." "One who's seen the most would be the High Warden. I could probably get you passage to see "her, but you're going to be heavily guarded." You guys do know the High Warden, Tyrelda is her name, and she is actually of the bloodline of Gynlara who founded Syngorn centuries ago. She currently is essentially the de facto leader, though in terms of public, she is the final decision-maker on most of Syngorn's political and social endeavors. "Will that suffice?" "Curious manners, your friends." He takes his tea and pours another cupful, and leans back in his chair. "Two dragons you say you've killed." "Which ones?" "Well, your story has charm. I have to admit, I have gotten word of at least one dragon "felled on the other side." "I am proud. I. Am proud. But the city lives differently. Understand the difficulty that your "presence puts upon our family with you being here. I mean no disrespect, and it's fine in this trying "time. But while you two may have undergone much ridicule in your youth, I saved you from the brunt "of it." "Because I had hope that you would be worth more, given that you had my blood in your veins, "than to waste away in some small hovel." "There are many things we wish for but we have no choice but to take what we are given and "make the best with what we have. Even with this rift, there is still a part of me that cares for "you both and is genuinely happy that you live. And that you rise. And that you prove what the rest of "these fools in this city said you were incapable of. Yes, I am prejudiced. But I still fight it "every day. And I'm not going to lie, every time that my daughter, your half-sister, laughs and "plays stealthy Vax and Vex on her own, it makes me smile. You inspire those outside of our city walls "with your doings. I think that's rather large of you. As foolish and as damned deadly as some of "these endeavors may be, you inspire. That's more than I've done in my lifetime. So. Care not what I "think. Care not how your mother died. Just avenge it. For both of us. Show your little sister that "you can rise up and destroy whatever comes in your way. Hate me all you want. It's only half-scorn "from me. I live with my regrets. I tried to bring you up right. But that upbringing was not "right for you. And by the time I tried to return you, it was too late. "I'm sorry. That's all I can say." Devana goes, "Anyone want any more tea? Oolong, you said." "Right, yes." And she leaves, awkwardly. "That does indeed sound quite crazy." "Let's be honest, Grog. They both have--" "I'd say they've both proven to have more balls than most of those in our city." "No. That is right." He stands up from his chair and walks his way back to his study and closes the door behind him. She pulls your hand down, looks at you, says, "Take a dump!" "I like him." She's now transfixed on Scanlan. "Blue sparkle poos? Can you teach me?" (laughter) "I'm going to ask my mom if we've got blueberries." She runs off to the kitchen. A few minutes pass, and Devana comes out holding the tea on the cart and goes, "Who taught my daughter to say 'blue sparkly poo?'" "Velora, go to your room." The door opens from the far study, and you see Syldor walk back in holding what looks to be a rolled-up piece of paper with a seal on it. He heads over and tosses it onto the table. "That "will grant you passage through the city. That will grant you a single meeting with the High Warden. "That's the most my power can do at this time." "Yes." "Lady?" "My apologies, Lady Vex'ahlia." You can see, there's confused surprise, but a smile does curl across the corner of his mouth. "I will make the amendment immediately." And he stands back up, takes it from Percival and makes his way back to the room. He returns, hands you the amended paper. "Good luck." It's a gift from your mother. "If you do intend to make your way towards the Shademirk, be careful. Be safe. And if "anything comes your way that you feel you are incapable of handling, run. We don't need heroes "right now, we need survivors." He shoots you a very dark look. "I will send word. Where can I send word to retrieve you when the time is ready for us to attack?" "I will send word to Whitestone when we plan to return to the Prime Material, and preparing our "forces for attack upon Thordak in Emon." "I know Allura well, and I can reach to her." "Anyway." It's the Scanlan filter. It's on Snapchat. He stands up and at this point Devana enters beside him, puts her hand on his shoulder. He looks to you with his hands crossed before him and goes, "I wish you luck and safe journeys. I "appreciate you coming by. It was good to see you both." Turns and Devana goes, "She's in her room for using bad language." "Hold on." And she leaves and comes back, this time pushing Velora from the back, and Velora walks up pouting with her arms crossed, holding her little owlbear under her arm. She runs up and gives you a big hug. "Are you leaving?" "You just got here!" "I can already do that." She gives you a little kiss on the cheek and then runs up and puts her arms around you and almost pushes you back, she's bigger than you remember. "What's this?" She steps back down and looks at her little plushie and-- She runs up and hugs you both, one in each arm, and then steps back down. "Thank you. Come back soon, please!" She runs back to her mom's side and looks at her mom and goes, "Poo." (laughter) Covers her ears. You see Devana's looking cornered, it's like, (shushing noises). Syldor actually starts laughing. "I hope that's good day, then!" "Good day." And Syldor bows, you all slowly leave the door, and right before the door closes behind you hear a little voice go, "Shit." (laughter) The guards that are waiting for you outside of the house just sigh very loudly. (sighs) All right, so you have your parchment. Within the next half-hour or so it's not difficult for you guys to go ahead and find sleeping arrangements for the evening within Syngorn. You're met for the most part with standoffishness and curiosity with your approach, but upon showing the paper there is a sudden realization and a formality that is brought to the conversation, and it's, you can't help but enjoy it, the two of you. You haven't walked through Syngorn and been forcing people to show you the respect you've always wanted, and there is something slightly cathartic about that. But you manage to find accommodations for the evening's rest. The guards proceed up into the secondary floor where your room is kept. Will not enter the room, but notify you that they will be staying outside of the doorway to ensure that both you are protected and that you don't do anything crazy in the night. It's a series of rooms within what looks like it was at one time a military barracks that has since been renovated. It's not really an inn or tavern; there aren't a lot of travelers that come through Syngorn that don't actually live there or have a home, so it's more being used for storage, but they cleared out an area and they put up beds and it looks-- Syngorn storage room is pretty nice by the standards of like Kymal or Westruun, so it's not too bad. No, you've just gotten to your rooms now, so. You all, you all realize in the chaos and the tension of meeting your father-- You catch a sudden flicker of divine energy in the space of the hallway near you. The guards step back, looking a bit freaked out and grabbing their weaponry, and you see a burst of Pike's face coming through, her divine form, and she says, "I'm sorry--" (static) Disappears, comes back. "The walls--can't maintain--" And her form vanishes once again. Go AT-- No. "Do as you wish, we'll be here if you need us." One of the guards steps forward and says, "Let me see that parchment once more, please?" That's a belt buckle. (laughter) Rolls it back up, hands it back. "I will retrieve your necessary meal, drink, and other "requests you may have." "Noted and noted." And he turns around and leaves the three other guards standing outside of your rooms to do about as you please. It's a two-bedroom, opposite sides, and there is a window that has a beautiful view of the central lake that sits at the center of Syngorn, the entire city's built around, before it meets the base of the mountain range that it's buttressed against. That sounds Elvish, but it's not. Door closes behind you guys. There's a little flash, a sparkle of arcane light as the satyr form goes, (breathes heavily) "That was a little harrowing. You didn't tell me you were going to bring me into the belly of the "beast so soon, we didn't even talk about-- that was really good tea, by the way; "that was quite delicious." "Very quietly." "No!" "No!" He is about as hard to read as anyone you've come across in the Feywild. Sure. 28. Through his teeth. These vines wrap up around his legs and he's like, "Oh, I was just!" In his vest. No, you reach into one pocket, it's empty. You reach into the other, and your arm goes quite far into the pocket, farther than it should-- "What? This is extremely degrading! We had a deal." It's empty. Nothing. Just an empty space. (melodically) Nothing! He smacks the side of your arm and is like, "Get your hand out of my pocket!" "Excuse me?!" "This is not why we're here to talk. We are here to discuss the elements of our agreement. Two "things I require your aid in taking, and then I show you to the outskirts of the Shademirk." "But do you know of the dangers that are on your way?" "And you think those are all the dangers?! There are so many! It's a dangerous place! "Stop touching me!" "All right. I require a piece of a threshold crest." "Threshold crest." Which you recall are the blue stones that are in the wall around the city. "Why is that stupid?" "You don't have to get it from the wall. I'm sure they build it from something and there might "be a reserve somewhere." "I understand, but just..." "A piece of a threshold crest. Just but a sliver." "The same material enchanted that is functionally able to be "utilized in the same fashion." "Great. I also want the High Warden Tyrelda's hat." You do, actually. It's a pointed, small tricorn made of green velvet that she wears when she goes on like excursions outside of the city. It's small and very long. Imagine a pirate hat with a little more of an elven sleekness to it. Sure, yeah! "That's all! And I will fulfill my side of the deal." "Because I have my reasons." "We do have an arrangement." Reaches into his pocket and pulls out what looks to be a very finely sculpted bronze statue of Syldor that was gifted for essentially his work with Emon and establishing better trade routes between that city and this city. It's basically a good job, salesman of the year award of Syldor's. Kind of, yeah. "No! It was there and nobody was looking." "Regardless, we have business to tend to. Come, we have a hat to catch!" She shows you this emerging patch of fur that is like, shh, pushing out the back of her shoulders. "Grand! That's a great idea! That's a great idea." You go and check, you check the hallway, and the guard hasn't returned and the three suddenly spin around as the door opens. "I need to take this with me. To make the meeting schedulable." "Shedulable." You guys did wake up about four hours ago? "Very well. I'll return." He turns around and leaves and the two guards look at each other like, thank god it wasn't us. They both stand at the ready as he goes. As the door slowly closes. The faun, of which is currently-- Garmelie is up on one of the beds right now, stretched out. "So! What are you waiting for?" Brings up one leg. "No, don't, ugh!" (bear noises) (creak, crash) The bottom cracks and the bed actually falls flat on the ground. The springs destroyed. No, he's currently partially crushed by Trinket on the bed and goes like, "I can hear you!" The door opens, the guard comes around with food and hands it out to the rest of-- "You're not supposed to tip your guards." (boof) Slams the door behind. All right. You finish your meal. And prepare yourselves for an excursion into the city of Syngorn to seemingly steal a piece of the threshold crest and the High Warden Tyrelda's travel hat. So that's one use of your beast form. All right. You guys make your way outside into the city streets of Syngorn to hopefully wait for the other guard, who returns about ten minutes later to tell you, "It has been 'sheduled.'" "As soon as you wish, attend to the central palace and there you will be greeted." "Are you leaving now?" Makes a big whistle and the other guards come down, and collectively you now have four guards watching you guys. And thus ended the story of Vox Machina, murdered terribly in the streets of Syngorn by their own people. As you guys make your way towards the palace, formulating your plan, we're going to go ahead and take a quick bathroom break here. Guys, about ten, 15 minutes or so, we'll be back here in just a little bit. So use your restrooms, stretch your legs and come back. We'll see you all here in a few minutes. [no audio] (cheering) We are back. Brought to you by Loot Crate. Let's dive back in, as you guys make your way through the city of Syngorn towards the palace to what would be the northern side of the city. Eventually you come upon the large, slightly swirling stairs that lead to the front of the large brass and ivory surrounded doorway that leads to the interior. You guys have not actually been inside this palace before; you've only seen it from a distance, as your father would not let you in too close to the center of the city. As you make your way up the stairs, you can see guards, the Verdant Guards step out in an aggressive and defensive way, but the guards to your sides immediately put their hands up and signal them to put their arms down and to stand at ease. You guys are brought to the front, the doors open, and a small elderly elvish gentleman comes out, his long white hair almost touching the ground as he shuffles up. He brings a small monocle up to the side of his face. "Yes? Do you have business in the palace?" "Let me see your papers. Oh, I see they're right here. Very well. Follow me, please." He turns around and walks his way into the building. You all follow suit and are led through the main entryway to the palace itself. On the inside you can see these giant archways that the pillars that hold them up look like trees that spread to the top like the stone boughs actually hold a canopy made of marble with beautiful portraits and long artistic renditions of the creation of Syngorn, the people, each bloodline that has progressed and taken on the central political structure of the city. As it goes, you can see busts of people who have been of historical importance to Syngorn, and eventually you're brought to the very end of this hallway. Amongst a series of other offshoot hallways and doors, there is the next portion of this journey, this large central chamber. The door is already partially ajar. You are led into what seems to be the equivalent of a throne room, but it appears that there is a half-circle table in the center of the room and a series of chairs that now sit empty across from one side. Your side. The other side of the table, you see sitting quietly and patiently, an older elven woman, you can see the grey in her hair and the crow's-nests at the corner of her eyes, which in elven years means she's quite old, she's probably close to 150 or 200 years old, by your gathering. They can live quite a long time. She would be in the equivalent of her late 50s. No, that's a whole different gauge. She is not wearing a hat. The guard behind ushers you guys forward toward the chairs. You all get the idea that you should sit. All right. There are chairs for all of you but Trinket, who currently, one of the guards is helping to put his hands out in front to keep back, like. The guard leaps back for a second. "That's much easier." You step back, you all find your seats. This meeting room pavilion, and as you all have your seat, you see the High Warden waiting there patiently, smile on her face but definitely an expression that shows both intelligence and guard. As you all sit, she looks about the group, asks, "So you've all come and made arrangements to "meet with me. You've come quite a ways and with very short notice. I'm curious as to what your "reasonings are. Please, state your business." "Strange. It has been some time since you've been within the city. Welcome." "The Shademirk?" "Well. You stroll in here with a great deal of arrogance and an air of self-importance. Not in "a way that is negative, more in a way that means you aspire, and I hope, not reaching beyond your "means. If you have indeed felled these two members of the Conclave as you say, then perhaps this "errand to the Shademirk is not as dangerous as one would expect. I would not deny you this, and if "you indeed have these capabilities, you should have no issue surviving the Mirk, "you and your companions." "Well. The Shademirk, as far as I understand, was once a very beautiful landscape. "That once was the fountain heart of the Gilded Run that provided the flowing rivers that spun "throughout this entire region. There was an archfey many years before who was turned on by his "beloved, who had been growing so spiteful, so full of angst and anger and vengeful thoughts that it "turned his heart dark and black and he began to spill into the fen around him. It was there that "these lands became the Shademirk. It was there that he became one with the land and corrupted it "and turned it. Dryads turned foul and shadowed. Other creatures began to crawl up from the bog "itself, and to this day feed off the life of those they can reach. The only thing that holds its "spread at bay is the Gilded Run, the rapids. Now, it's found balance, and we watched it spread, as "those who've lived here for a long time do. It does not force any sort of immediate threat to any "of us, and it serves its own purpose. It has its new-- I shouldn't say new, it's been hundreds of "years now-- but its own life, its own biome. And we could not be ones to mess with that, if you "will. But it is dangerous, and it is, for those who have scouted far enough to see it, say it is "akin to wading through an oil slick. It is to walk into a hungry swamp that "never gives up its need to feed." "Yes, quite." "I haven't in my older years. When I was younger, perhaps. It is important to maintain an "idea of the current state of the Feywild. Every few decades, perhaps every generation, just to be "certain when we have to undergo this transition that we don't come into the middle of a war zone "in its own right. But I grow tired in my older years, and find myself chained to politics more "often than not." "Well, there are thin areas between the planes, there are doorways, and we have magical "means to send small scouting parties between this veil." You make a persuasion check. The ever-plight of Laura Bailey. "We have refined the art of creating the threshold crests. We have personalized "enchantments that can be utilized for our trained spies, our trained guides, our trained scouts. We "keep them under lock and key, but when an endeavor requires the transference between planes, we do on "occasion allow these to go into the hands of our greatest guides." Make a persuasion check. Him. No, he's got Luck. He has his own. It's better. "I appreciate your intent, and I understand that our current paths will hopefully align in the "near future. However, such artifacts are very important to us and the business within Syngorn, "and I mean no offense in saying that you are no longer residents of our city. As such, no, I "cannot provide you with these crystals. However, when the time comes, and you retrieve this bow which "you say you seek, I hope that we can count each other brethren on the battlefield." Make a perception check, Grog. Yeah, the guards have led you in, they're just back by the front door you entered. What'd you roll? I understand. Same answer. (laughter) No, that is a very closely guarded item that would've required a roll of 20 or higher to succeed. Yeah man, reliable talent's good for that reason. It's all right. Grog, glancing about the room, your suddenly strangely keen giant eyes in an elvish realm, you who can read patterns in rock and mountain faces, but when looking at finely crafted marble it's just a big mess. You see at the very back of the chamber what appears to be an imprint into one of the sculptures, one of the almost silver and brass latticework that tends to look like climbing roots and vines across the back of the room. There is a door that is recessed within that, though it's hidden in the sculpture itself. "Now. Unless you have other business?" "Yes." "That sounds entirely believable." "I have been known to have a few garments based on where I'm going, yes." Make a deception check. Yeah, because you didn't sleep. Bards! "From political requests to a hat collector, this is indeed a very strange afternoon "in the palace. Yes, I can have one of my servants show you." "Then I am certain you will be fulfilled." "No, I'll have a servant bring you up." And she puts her hand up and the guards open the door and you see a servant walk out who looks to be a younger elven man. Actually probably about the age of Vax there. Short tattered hair comes across in front of his eyes. He enters. "Yes, mother?" "Could you please show this strange little gnome man to the hat room?" "Yes, of course. Yes. Follow me." "That's splendid. Now, is there any other business?" "It surrounds the bog and runs past the southern portion of it, so you'll most likely come "upon the river one way or another. Lest you wish to traverse the Green Sea, but that I would not "recommend, either." "There's no easy way to anything in the Feywild, my child." "I have not." "No, the river tends to run itself." (laughter) "Do you wish to inquire about my shoes? My coat perhaps..." "Is that all?" "All right. Good luck. I wish you safe--" "I'll see what Braum can do. Braum, please escort them to some semblance of a gift shop." "Now, I have important business to tend to. Good luck. Safe travels. Don't die. Let us see "each other on the battlefield soon to slay a dragon. Now, please, be on your way." You guys get up and leave, Trinket goes-- That's right, Trinket is in your necklace, so Trinket does nothing. You make your way out of the room, the guards following suit. You can see the lightish brownish reddish tousled hair of the elven boy who's waiting, he's wearing very fine clothing, though very baggy on his scrawny frame. As you all step out, he says, "All right, so, I'm to take you "to the hat room, I believe. Oh, you're going to be very happy. It's quite the room." "Well, I think you'll still be pleased. Are you all coming?" (noises of agreement) And he pulls out a little masquerade mask and goes like, "Oh my goodness!" "Well, I used to, until we came to the Feywild. It's very boring these days. Well, come, "please!" And he darts off excitedly down the hallway. The guards groan loudly behind you. You make your way through the second hallway on the left of the palace, down a flight of stairs into a storage room. To the left you can see what looks to be the entrance to some sort of a heavily barred metallic doorway, about ten feet wide, about 12 feet tall. Further down you come to two doorways. He pulls out a keyring, goes, "No, not that one. Ah, here we are." It opens up into a small room, you can see in here, it's a display room. In here you can see ornamental armor and helmets and all sorts of classic Syngorean designs, which change often because, well, elves when they don't have a lot of things to fill their time with, it's all about designing new outfits and new armor. There's a whole display of very classic designs for the guards, for the watchers, for the people who first founded Syngorn. It's like a history walk through. But there is a section that is primarily helmet designs for different stations and, "This is as close to a hat "room as we have. This here is part of the original Temple of Ioun design. It is a delightful piece." He keeps going on and on. You do see there is a small rack to the side which is for more just things that are used and you can see there are like wide-brim, rainy-day, carriage-driving hats, you can see there are far-brimmed cloak hoods that are used for horse-riding beneath the rain, you can see there are a few more curved up to one side archer-based hats, and you can see there a nice green velvet hat that is resting across. They're all jumbled in together in that corner and then the actual helmets are against the wall in different setups. They are, yes. Which one? Make a perform check. No, acrobatics is avoiding the fall. 19! And you do, delightfully so. You fall over, trip, go into a tumble, grab arm over pieces of metallic armor, (crashing sound). Make a sleight-of-hand check. All right. You take the hat. You place it away. Everyone seems to be focused on the currently yelling Vex'ahlia-- "This was, look, I apologize if your friend is clumsy, but this wasn't part of our job "description, okay, it's been a very--" Braum pushes his way in and goes like, "I am so terribly sorry. I didn't mean-- I hope this "hasn't ruined your opinion of the hat room." "Are you feeling all right, sir?" "Lady who?" MARISHA and "Well, I'm glad to see this hasn't ruined your opinion of the collections here." "Then come, come! You two clean this up!" And the two guards go, "What?" "Yes, my lord." And the two guards eye you very intensely as they walk over and start picking up all the pieces of armor-- All right. As you guys make your way out, with two of the guards now; two of them are now left behind. Somehow their chin goes higher. It's impressive, really. You make your way through, down another set of hallways, back towards the beginning of the palace, he goes, "It's not really "a gift shop, the closest thing that we could ascertain based on your request is, we do have a "small collection of gifts and knick-knacks we've received from allies over time that really aren't "much use to us." "Perhaps you'll find something you like." "It's a combination lost and found and just... gifts from political allies that didn't "understand the High Warden's aesthetic. Yes, no, please, this way please." And he leads you back to the main hallway you guys walked through, a little ways towards the entrance, and then another hallway to the left, he unlocks and this is straight-up like a dark storage room, it is just boxes and boxes that are sealed and he lights a small lantern on the side. It flickers to life, and the flame itself, as opposed to a low oil lantern flicker is like a bright glowing light, you can see this is a magically set lantern, as most of the lights in the city are just everlit torches or things that flicker on and off as a light spell. It illuminates the room around you and you can see no one's walked in here in a while. "No, these are for the taking should you wish." Go ahead and make an investigation check. Sure. You don't know. 18, 19, are you searching, Grog? What'd you get? Keyleth is distracted by the pretty light in the fixture. Scanlan comes up next to her and is equally distracted by this wonderful magical light. Like two moths to a flame. Percival? Nine. All right. The two twins, you guys spend some time looking through the nearby riffraff and Braum is in the back, hoping you find something to satiate your need for gifts. The twins find their way through a few boxes, and you open up and there's small porcelain dolls, dressed up in ancient Emon's outfits and designs. You can see what looks to be very dusty Kraghammer designed weaponry, you can see what looks to be a bunch of small game pieces that half of them have been lost, like a chessboard of some kind, but only part of it's there. This is really the junk room. This is where all the really bad Christmas presents get put every year. "No, thanks, it's great!" It could, it could be depending on how well you search. You did. Okay. Braum. "Syngorn?" (laughter) "I am so confused by all of you." Sure. Make an arcana check. Your untrained, though natural arcane instincts reveal to you that-- Yes, you can. And there are no animals here. Nothing even remotely magical seems to cross your attention span, unfortunately, and you guys spend a good hour in here sifting through-- You have a fine tobacco box at your disposal now, Keyleth. You can write that down. Percy, you find half of a jeweler's kit. Half the supplies are there. You had an older tobacco box. Braum at this point goes, "I hope you've all found something you liked." All right. You reach into the Syngorean Wal-mart gift bag on the way out. No. I'll do that. You bring out what looks to be a really intricately carved music box made of dark wood. As you shake it, you hear (ting-ting) little remnants of the last winding come through, and it seems to still play. You reach in and you pull out a potato. (laughter) Yeah. That is a stale potato. (squelch) up the sides of it. Braum goes, "If you could clean that up?" And the guard goes aww and starts picking up the potato chunks off the ground. You do not. Nope. Braum leads you out of the room, closes and locks it behind, you guys walk back to the hallway that split off, you go past the large metal door again, find your way up into the foyer area at the front of the palace, he goes, "Well, I hope I've been of help to you. I hope I've delivered your "interest in seeing our fine selection of helmets and hats here in Syngorn?" "I don't know what any of that means, but I assume that's good, and I thank you for that. "Goodbye." The guard that was cleaning the potato follows suit, you guys now have two guards, the other two have not returned. So you have two guards following you. You mean since you guys woke up this morning, I'd say six hours? Yes. Vex. You hear muttered under the breath of one of the guards, "Thank god." (laughter) "Do you wish to be escorted to your quarters, then?" "Please follow us." And they both lead on, leading you back to the rooms you guys had set for the evening's rest. Eventually you get to your rooms, the guards stay stationed outside, and you are led into your individual spaces. Yes. Yes. You all go into a room together, then. You have four rooms at your disposal and you all say, we're going to go sleep, and all go into one room with a broken bed. All right, you guys all enter the largest room where you met before, and as you all find your way in there, one of the guards goes, "You're going to sleep--" Scanlan and Vex, make deception checks, please. When you say you're tired and ready to rest, the guard goes, "Mm-hm." And then when you say polyamorous, the guard goes, "Oh." (laughter) The two guards, the two guards look at each other and take two steps away from the room. "We'll keep a close watch." The two guards look at each other, very disturbed and say, "You've already shared too "much, we don't judge, just please go 'sleep'." They both hold their blades at the ready, both just like, "What is my life right now?" All right. "Please! Go! Sleep!" You guys are now closed off inside your room. As squirrels. What are you going to do? He appears and goes like, "Was that true?" (laughter) "Well." He closes the book. "So. I believe someone here took a hat?" And he puts it on. It's a little small. But he goes, "Ah, it's fine." Smiles back. He seems extremely proud and happy that this hat is now in his possession. "One of two. Now, "the second part." "No." "Yes." "Yes!" "Yes!" "A threshold crest." What crest do you create? What does it look like? You watch as his ears, his pointed ears slowly slink back and his hair stands up all across the back of his head, his beard almost bristles out into spines as the hat goes (poink) and pops off and hits the ground. He snatches it up. Grabs the piece. "Thank you." "Well, it appears that our deal has been kept." (laughing and cheering) "Now." He vanishes. And Grog, you feel a little tug on your finger to pull you forward. "I had that coming. We now have even more of a reason to make haste. This is a very small room, "and I've been following behind him for quite some time. Let's go. Now, quickly." And you see Grog being pulled forward by the finger, and you guys get the feeling that he's leading you out of the city, invisible, by Grog's finger. The two guards are following, yes. "You-- (frustrated noise) Never mind." The guards follow at a very healthy distance now, both whispering to each other as they watch you walk. You guys are led back through the main portion of Syngorn, towards the front gates where the watchers reside. The doors are opened for you, and you are escorted out the front gate, where the guards very happily leave you to be. And both turn around at each other and go, (heavy sigh) and they walk back inside the confines of the outer Syngorean wall. You guys are now back out in the wilds of Syngorn, the finger tugs lead you out past the front of the city, through the marshlike mandrake fields that you initially traversed when you made your way to Syngorn, and then find your way back into the Ever-Shifting Grasses, heading duskward, towards where it seems the dusk sun will set. There's also nightward, seaward, or tangleward. Which would you prefer? Yes, those are different directions. Tangleward. It was mentioned before, yeah. I'm pretty sure that the people in the Feywild haven't seen that. Not yet. They're waiting for it to come out on Blu-Ray. All right. So you make your way towards where the grasses get heavy again, and you see Garmelie (foosh) once again take visible form again and be like, "Ah, sorry, "that concentration for a while really gets to you, I'm so glad to be out of that stuffy place. So! "Shall we?" Rights his hat. And even in righting it, it's a little crooked to one side and he begins marching duskward. "No! No theater! We are avoiding the theater! No." "Say about four times since we met?" "I have my reasons." And he continues walking forward. Wah-wah. That would look amazing on an epitaph, I'm just saying. Didn't you guys just take a hot nap? (laughter) "I like the sound of that." "Most impressive for a lady." As you guys push on further northward at the behest of Garmelie, you push for another two hours or so through the Ever-Shifting Grasses, and as you get further and further north, the color of the grass seems to go from that deep verdant green to almost a maroon purplish color. He attacks some of the grass and chews it up. And just keeps going forward through the grass fields. No, it just seems to be changing color. As you say that, the grass goes from a purplish color to a deep, deep red around you. All of you, as you're walking, the actual grasses around you are getting more and more dense and are catching on your feet and you're finding that your progression is getting slower and slower. Yeah, so you're fine, you just coast ahead. The rest of the party, it's like they're going through waist-high thickets. The grass looks gentle, but as soon as it hits your body, it rakes across it almost like very fine serrated plants, and it's catching on your clothing and pulling you back. It's almost like since those statements were made... (laughter) The red goes to a deep cinder-like red. What do you sing? (cheering) Percy, I want you to make a persuasion check against the grass? Adding the d10 inspiration die. What was it? Between the interpretive dance of Keyleth amongst the tattered angry grasses, the beautiful vocal stylings of Scanlan Shorthalt, and Percy speaking out a wondrous poem towards the Ever-Shifting Grasses, you watch as the deep bright red subsides into the relaxed purple, and eventually goes back to a dull green, and you find your traveling no longer impeded as it once was. Good job! You successfully parlayed with a field. So. About another half an hour of travel before in the distance ahead of you can see the dark edge of what looks to be another forest ahead of you, wide and almost end-to-end, you see it. A lot of these wooded areas almost meet the horizon, it's like you're stepping into just an endless wall of trees. As you begin to approach closer to the edge, Garmelie looks up and says, "All right. "So we have choices now. We have the Moonbrush before us, or we have the Green Sea, which is far "seaward of here. I would recommend the Moonbrush." "Very well." "Because it's the only real route to get to the Gilded Run." "The Gilded Run are the rivers that surround it." "Yes. You're looking for the Shademirk. You have to get through the Gilded Run to get the "Shademirk. You have to go through the Moonbrush to get to the Gilded Run." "No theater!" "Yes! Come, come." You are... you've been awake for about 12 hours now, I'd say. Certainly. About another 40 minutes of foot travel before you begin to hit the edge of the Moonbrush Forest. As you approach, Garmelie says, "All right, so things you should know about the "Moonbrush. One it is home to a number of denizens." And as you look overhead, you can see it's a thick fog that permeates the entirety of this forest. You can see the outline of every tree trunk towards the outer rim of this entire brush. The canopy of the trees themselves are like long weeping willows that sag and give this very ominous feeling to the entire forest. You can see small mountain spires breaking through portions of the tree line in the distance occasionally, miles between each other, sometimes a cluster far closer together. He says, "There is a clan of sorts that "lives amongst the forest, we'll try our best to avoid. They are natural hunters and they are of "the lycan persuasion." SAM and "So, best that we avoid interaction. They are well-read, they have a society; we should "touch none of it." "Yes. It's a necessity." "Yes. But they do have natural enemies. There is a faction of pixies that live within, "known as the Wishers, and they are forever locked in a struggle. So avoid both, do not get involved "at all, and we'll be fine." "Actually, they travel mostly in the trees. That's the easiest way for them "to hunt, is unseen." "They are ruled by a singular lycan lord, who goes by the name of Ukurat." "Ukurat." "Ukurat." LAURA and "U-K-U-R-A-T." "He is to also be avoided." "It was, once." "They all used to be many things. He happened to be elven at one time, yes? So. Anyway. "We'll avoid them, and avoid the Wishers, and also those things, "the little plants that you saw before?" "Mandrakes? Also everywhere. Avoid them." "And we'll just avoid the other things I mentioned, so. Shall we?" And he begins to step and march up to the edge of the Moonbrush. All right. You guys make your way into the dark Moonbrush itself and as you walk into the forest, immediately you can hear the swell of distant crickets, thousands upon thousands, sourceless, fill the air around you. That works, I was going to look for cricket sounds here. That's also totally doable. As you walk in, the actual dusk light that has permeated the Feywild begins to give way to the first signs of night. You can look up through the different breaks in the tree line, you can see stars for the first time. And you can see what looks to be a very dull white glow of moonlight hitting some of the trees and breaking through some of the treetops themselves. The underbrush itself is very soft and spongy, with a lot of leaves that have fallen and given this soft setup. As you guys push forward for another half-hour or so, you in particular, Vex'ahlia, come upon what looks to be a series of stones, what looks to be a series of small structures, almost. Not like buildings per se, but intently placed obelisks of raw, rough stone. And as you come across and look on that side, you can see what looks to be the base of one of the mountain spires that sticks out, a large cave. Make a perception check. What'd you get? Natural one. They just look rough and old. They've been placed there. It's old magic. But you do see around the ground right out in front of this cave what appears to be hundreds and hundreds of small objects, piles, what looks like fruits and flowers and bones and stone carvings, all sorts of things placed in front of this cave. Okay. So you head out and take one of the bones and look at it. Go ahead and make a nature check. 28. This bone belongs to a larger bird, like a great eagle, you can't quite specifically make out what it is, but it's been carved with small letters into it of a language you can't understand. It looks like it's some sort of a ritual item that's been placed there in the ground. But as you pick up and make this moment noticed-- You all hear a giant, echoing roar coming from the cave. (roars) What'd you roll? 30. Okay, yeah. You just (bip) out; you are gone. The rest of you are right at the outside of this small clearing where all of these small objects have been placed, you hear this rumbling loud roar come tearing through. Okay. What are the rest of you guys doing? Okay. It is not Draconic. What languages do you know? No, none of those. However, at this time the trees behind you two, because the rest of you guys were staying back-- Vex and Keyleth. The trees (fwoosh) shift and close off the exterior. As you turn towards the entrance of the cavern, you can see emerging from the front a giant-- it's hard to really tell the first moment that it appears, but you see what looks to be a gargantuan dire bear-like entity made of crackling blue ghostly energy, shimmering, translucent, not actually a physical form, but massive in size. (stomping noises, roar) Yep. From everybody else. As you grab her wrist as you fly up, the trees, swoosh, close off and you go slamming into the tree boughs (crashing sound). You lose the broom for a second. Go ahead and hold your grip. Go ahead and make a strength check. You guys can't see them and they just closed off in the trees. Just a check. Five? You lose your grip on the broom, and both Vex and Keyleth tumble down about 20 feet, you both suffer seven points of damage as you slam into the center of another pile of what looks like knick-knacks and things that are gathered on the floor. It's at this point that your mind hits that these are probably offerings, these are things that are left as some sort of offering to this bear-like spirit entity that exists in this cave. The bear, which is now, (stomping sounds), coming up towards you on the ground. Looks to Keyleth, (roars). Okay, you cast Speak With Animals. None of the bear's face moves at all, but an echoing voice, in Common, not animal speak, comes blasting into both of your minds, and those of you guys outside of the trees, trying to find a way through, also hear this echo, "You have entered the domain of Orlan. You destroy and disgrace that "which was gifted. What do you offer in response to your travesty?" As you pull the tea set out, the bear claw reaches out and smashes it out of your hand and goes scattered and breaking across one of the stones and goes, "You walk into the realm of the "wild, unwatched, unrespecting. The beasts of this land hold no kinship with you. You will prove "offering yourself." And the tongue licks the lips. The scorpion takes its form, as it does the bear, (growls). Make a persuasion check on that. You're outside. "I sense you have kinship with beasts. You may pass, though I will not forgive this "infraction. You." "You shall be the prize." The giant bear is looming over you now, and its size is so immense, probably 15 or 20 feet to the top of its shoulders. You call Trinket? Leaps out of your necklace and lands right beside you and just roars, (roars) up to the spirit. The spirit pulls back, (roars), roars back. And Trinket is so tiny by comparison and is up to the elbow, but Trinket lashes out at the giant bear, just leaps up towards it, pushes into it and starts tearing at its throat. The giant bear takes Trinket with one claw and slams him into the ground. Trinket rolls and gets back up, (growls), you can see a little bit of blood at the corner of its mouth, and just lunges again, this time jumping up onto the bear's back and clawing up onto its, onto the top of its torso. The bear (growls). The bear head looks up at Trinket now gnawing onto its hide, (gnawing sounds), seemingly to no real effect, and the bear reaches up and grabs Trinket and plucks him off the side and sets him down next to you. The bear now begins to speak in the language of bears, which only you can understand at this moment, says, "You walk with this one. Is she your charge?" And Trinket voices back, you hear the (bear noises) up to the bear, as you hear coming out, "She is everything. Her "life is mine. You take her, you take me, or we walk on and remember you as a kind soul." The giant bear looks down, "Very well. If you are at her side, I take your charge, as well." And the spirit bear steps forward, passing through you, and passing through Trinket's form, and what feels like this rush of warm air. And then disperses into a series of sparkles. You watch the energy slowly drift down and fade into the ground around you, and everything gets quiet. The trees slowly creak back and open the perimeter of this forest around you, leaving you alone. And Trinket comes up and licks your face. As he's looking at you, you look down and you can see the necklace that you hold is actually shimmering with a blue light that passed through you, and it slowly fades to its dark normal form. So. That's your new item card for Raven's Slumber. (cheering) AUDIENCE So. I've got to finish this quickly because we've got to get to the Q and A, but as of this point in time, and I'll give you an ability card, but Trinket now benefits from your Hunter's Mark. (cheering) Thank you, guys! (cheering) AUDIENCE Thank you. (laughs) Thank you guys so much for joining us here live, this has been an awesome and incredible first experience for all of us. Thank you so much for tuning in and watching with us this week. We're looking forward to the GenCon show in a few weeks, so some of you guys over on that side of the US can hopefully come and see us here as well, and join in this fantastic energy that tonight was just filled with. So hopefully we'll do more of these as time progresses.