Welcome, and hello everyone to the next episode of Critical Role. A silly show where a bunch of us voice actors get together and play Dungeons and Dragons on Geek and Sundry's twitch stream. So for returning fans, welcome, and to all the new folks tuning in finally, welcome to you as well. So before we get into the meat, a few announcements and such, let's roll that intro. And welcome back. So, a couple things I want to get off the bat to you guys. Our subscription giveaways this evening. For every hundred subscribers, we are giving away special care packages with D&D books signed by the Critical Role crew, as well as a signed photo, comics, other goodies. So the next one will be at 5,300, we will do another giveaway. Remember, you have to be in the chat room to be able to acquire one of these packages. So tune in to get something. Keep that in mind. Also, for those who may not remember from last week, we are in a very interesting month of Critical Role, as the party has been split due to a circumstance where, in the city of Vasselheim, the party, chasing after a hydra that seemed to be harrying the outside walls of the city and slaying it, got in the way and accidentally broke the laws of the Vasselheim by hunting and slaying when they weren't approved to do so. Being called skags by a band of hunters that works for the Slayer's Take guildhall. A guild that pretty much regulates most hunting of monsters and creatures within the vicinity of Vasselheim. So, as opposed to going up and dealing with charges at the seat of justice, they instead were given the option by the head of the guild hall to possibly join, but in order to do so, they would have to fulfill a contract and prove themselves worthy of being a member of the guild. And the guild master, our fantastic Huntmaster Vanessa Cyndrial, hand-picked two different groups, splitting up the twins, and they have all set out to return the next day to join, and figure out what their contract will be. So, this week we have playing we have Grog. We have Vex'ahlia. We have Percy. We have the shortly arriving here Scanlan, who has been fighting L.A. traffic. Quite literally shortly arriving, Scanlan. And eventually to join the party as they slowly make their way there-- mysterious head kiss. This is the best Thursday ever. We have joining us eventually at some point we have the very wonderful and talented Mary Elizabeth McGlynn. A fantastic, talented voice actress and director and amazing person. So look her stuff up online. She is also a great musician, singer, and this is her first time playing Dungeons and Dragons. Yeah, I'm super excited. Probably. And in the middle of the other table, we have our other illustrious guest this evening. The so-called headmaster of Geek and Sundry herself, Felicia Day. Thank you for joining us, Felicia. (cheering) Grand Duchess, also viable. (laughs) So yeah, thank you so much for joining. Before we get into the nitty gritty, do we have any announcements we want to make? Anything in particular coming up? I believe, Laura, you're bolting at the end of the game. Yeah! Which for the record, I want to point out guys, this is how much Laura loves you. She was going to miss today's game but then bit the bullet, changed her flight, just so she could be here to play with everyone. (laughs) The Trinket that devours, by the way. Every person that's hugged that bear has vanished, temporarily, within its physical form. It is a new wonderful addition to the chat room-- I mean to the whole show, and thank you to the Critters for making that happen. It's ridiculous. It's-- you guys are the best, I have no words. Anything else anyone wants to announce? Anything coming up? Heck yeah. It's a great convention, I went there last year. They're really, really good, so all you folks out there. That's right, we were. So go check out Mary in San Antonio. You guys should go. Also, we've had a lot of questions through twitter, from a lot of the fans, and I like the idea of transparency, and mentioning how first off, no game or game master is infallible and rules do shift and change and there have been a couple of minor alterations to the rules. Which, you know, you house rule things in a game and you test it out and balance can shift. For those who have looked at the gunslinger martial archetype that Percy plays with, I have made a few adjustments to it, balancing out a few elements there. DCs for different shots and-- You don't get foam darts until level 18. That is a higher level ability. The noise happens at level 19-- you level up to get the actual sound. So check out the gunslinger archetype, there's been some changes to it. Also, for the sorcerer points, we had house ruled a configuration where sorcerer points would be one point per spell level of spell cast. As the levels got higher it got a little overpowered in some combat circumstances, so we narrowed that down. Which is still a bonus over the actual rules which allow you to only cast one spell per round and a cantrip. We made it so that you can cast, with quickened spell, any spell and then a 2nd-level spell maximum in the same round. Slight variation. That's okay. It's for the sorcerer, you don't have to worry about it. Minor house rule adjustments, so all you guys out there who GM and DM don't be afraid to adjust balance as you go, as long as you talk to the players about it. Anyway, that's it and that's all on my end. Shall we go ahead and begin? Calm down, Phillip. Glorious. I think that is an important circumstance. All right, so getting this started. The party has found themselves in the city of Vasselheim; a very deity and religion based city, in a very harsh environment. It's far up north in this continent and the weather itself is very cold, the landscape is very harsh and rugged, and outside of the city itself, there is an extremely dark, oppressive, almost unnaturally fast-growing forest known as the Vesper Timberland. This is where you encountered the hydra, last time. You just barely trekked out of the the city and found that creature. Who knows what else lies out there, but the city seems very well prepared to defend itself against whatever atrocities make their way towards the outskirts of the city. So, after Grog fought very gloriously in the Crucible and just barely lost due to a test of strength that just didn't fall in his favor, he sulked via ale and ladies back at the tavern. Now, after defeating the hydra, being called on their law breakage in Vasselheim, have been tasked to return the next morning, as separate groups, to figure out what contract is being given to them and what members of their team await them as they arrive. So, you guys have taken the evening to rest. The next morning has come about. You find yourselves awakening within your respective tavern rooms, the members of Vox Machina. What preparation would you like to embark in this morning for whatever mysterious trek awaits you? Not yet. You can go there if you want to, but if there is anything you want to do before arriving at the guildhall, that's up to you. All right. So as you and Vax'ildan get together at the bar, you have the strongest form of nasty Vasselheim liquor that they could possibly muster. It looks somewhat murky, it has elements of blue and gray to it. The barkeep assured you that this is-- "This is what you're "looking for to wake up in the morning, trust me." As you down the shot, it's-- not knowing what NyQuil tastes like because there is no such thing as NyQuil in this world. The flavor would be reminiscent of licking a wagon wheel that has seen at least 100 miles of travel. Of which, Vax immediately cringes his face. "Oh well, that is rather uncouth, dear sister" The foot's healed now. The foot is healed. So you finish your shots, you say adieu to each other and-- "Indeed, stay safe." "Bye Grog." And he gives you a silent finger as he leaves the tavern, in true Vax fashion. Any preparation on your guys' end? Your Ioun Stone? Yeah, you can put up to three spell levels into that. You may have even been able to do before you slept the night before, so then you would have all your spells back. So we'll say you did that. So you have an extra Invisibility spell in your Ioun Stone. Three spell levels. Or you can do three 1st-level spells. Then yeah, that is a full Ioun Stone. That thing is pulsing with energy and going, "I'm good." Fair enough. Percy. Interesting. I will say, due to time constraints, you would probably have to skip a decent breakfast to do this. So, be aware you may be hungry later on. Go ahead and make an investigation check. You can take your d10 bardic inspiration, as his song blares into your left ear as you search the town for a decent location to possibly construct this. Total of 19? All right. Asking around and speaking to a few folks around Vasselheim, you eventually find a few folks that point you toward this long abandoned workshop that's been burned down, and it hasn't really been touched. As you go to it, you have to push some of the burned wood out of the way, but there is indeed a currently functional, if for a long time unused, forge and anvil available. In poor condition, but functional. Given about two, two and a half hours, you might be pushing your arrival time at the guildhall, but you could probably do it. Do you want to go ahead and give it a shot? All right. Do you want to use another one of your bardic inspirations on this? You can use it up to-- I think it's like five or six times. So it takes you a while to rummage through the ground to get everything set up. You have the tools from your tinker's kit that you usually keep with you anyway, and you begin hammering away at the metal, preparing yourself a nice little spherical container. Using your black powder, which you're starting to get a little low on black powder between your bullets you've been constructing and other stuff. So something you can either, some point in the future try to scavenge up the materials for or make yourself. But just letting you know, you're starting to run a little low. So go ahead and make a-- I'm going to say make a tinkering check with your proficiency bonus of four and we will say with your dexterity. Since this is very meticulous, to make sure this doesn't detonate during construction. What did you roll? Yeah. That'll do it. (laughter) Indeed. All right, as the rest of you gather up, you've had your breakfast, you rested, you make your way towards the Slayer's Take guildhall. Approaching the front steps again, the wooden engraving on the front doors, you step into the main foyer area and are greeted again by Mertin, the gruff looking halfling, who is in the process of thumbing through some books. He has some dried fruit on the side of his chin. He's a little groggy, like he didn't sleep well the night before. He's a little groggy. He looks up as you guys approach. "Very nice you all could finally make it, it appears you are "only a grand total of 25 minutes late." "It's not too much of a problem." "It's... All right, there is not too much going on at the moment. I will not mention this to "the wife. I mean the Huntmaster. Don't mention to her that I referred to her as my wife." "I appreciate the heads up." "I hate to lose papaya. So. Let's see, we have the four of you here. This is the required "necessary group for the first travel this morning, I am excited to see what the mistress has "available for you. First, and foremost, let me introduce to you one of your traveling companions "for this. Another hopeful for the Slayer's Take. Let me retrieve her." And you see Mertin walks off to one of the back rooms, opens the door and whispers out, "Hey "quick, your team is here." Opens the door, and walking out-- if you want to describe yourself. There is something mildly off-putting by her intense red skin, her relatively pointed incisors and the very prominent tiefling demonic blood in her body. Nevertheless, there is an elegance to the way she walks, and there is this look of silent judgment as she continuously passes her eyes over the rest of the group. What are you trying to do? This would be more of an insight check. Best you can tell. From her posture, the way she walks, there is definitely a, for lack of a better term, a non-arrogant self importance to how she holds herself. But there is something about it that... there is a mild hint of insecurity there. At this point Mertin is looking angrily at a small pocket watch that he pulls out and looks at. "This is very unusual. Let me see who is supposed to be leading your group. Hold on just a moment." And he gets up and exits the room briefly. He comes back after about two minutes with a small handbook and reads through. "Yes, well, it is "customary that as a part of these trials, there is a member of the Slayers Take is to accompany you "on this journey to make sure that you--" "That is not up for discussion. I am sorry, small man." (laughter) He looks slightly impressed, but only slightly. By the way, being called 'small man' by a halfling is a feat within itself. "All right, so, the assigned leader to be your guide slayer for "this venture... Oh... really. Well, this should be curious indeed. She's late, it seems." At which point, the door opens to the guild hall and in comes stumbling a human female. "No, no, don't worry about it, I insist--" "Stay. With your group. We have important business to discuss. I appreciate the papaya." And you can see from her-- she is dressed in a nice blouse, her just-past-shoulder-length, somewhat curly hair, is kept as much as a frazzled woman would keep. A large pair of glasses adorn the front of her face, and she definitely is not who you were expecting to be considered leading this group into its journey. "This is probably a technicality. I'll have to make sure this was maybe not--" "She is. Useful. Yes." You hear this awkward smack sound as Mertin has face-palmed, as unbelievably hard as he can, at the edge of his desk. "I shall retrieve the Huntmaster." Then he gets up and leaves. You guys are left alone in the foyer for a moment. As you turn, you see that the door after you pass, and the giant armored bear has made its way in and pushes past your shoulder abruptly. And immediately goes nose down and joins Grog, eating papaya off of the ground. He was the leader of the team that found you guys in the forest. At which point the Huntmaster arrives. Vanessa Cyndrial steps into the room and looks about the rest. "Very nice to see that you've all gathered your teams for the day, and I am also "curious to see your first foray into leading a group of slayers yourself, Lyra." "This was a... more of a choice of convenience, and a test universally. As you are a "team of unproven fighters, in the eyes of the guildhall, and, well. We have a relatively "unproven member, as well." "Technically, yes. However, I think that her knowledge and experience would be of very good use "on such a trek." She snaps her fingers loudly, and Mertin comes rushing from around the corner carrying something in his arms. "As you are on this journey for us, and for the guild, and your own personal "name and title within our establishment, we would like to provide you with a semblance of "protection, or at least a useful little package. A gift, from us to you." She puts her hand on the table and Mertin comes over and hands you what looks like a small leather chest. It's made of sculpted leather. Rolls back, and pushes it forward. You can hear the clinking of glass as he does so, and on the inside you can see there are four glass vials, prepared with some sort of a swirling red, silver-ish liquid inside. You recognize these as healing-based potions. These would constitute as Greater Healing Potions, and there are four in total. You can distribute as you see fit. "Very well. Now that we have this situated. Has everyone gathered the provisions they require "for this journey? Are you ready to embark?" "Anyway. This is a secondary gift. Temporarily lent out for your contracts." Mertin brings up what looks like another satchel. It has a series of metal snaps across the top. These little buttons that snap together and enclose it entirely. It's an over-the-shoulder-type throw. As he opens it and you look inside, it resembles the bag of holding, but it's not quite a bag of holding. "This is used for the transportation of, how do you say, perishable aspects of your quarry. Things "that you would harvest from the creature you have been assigned tend to, depending on the creature, "rot away within a very short period of time. When placed within this, they should be sustained for a "few weeks at the very least. So, please do be very mindful and careful of this. Should it be lost, "there is a very small chance you will be able to fulfill your contract. So, who shall be taking "this on the journey?" At which point Vanessa is just watching with a grin on her face. "It is good to see you have "already established a pecking order within your traveling companions. This bodes well for your "journey, most certainly. To you." And she hands you the satchel. "Well, then I suppose they would not be allowed into the guildhall." "Mostly for no longer returning to the city of Vasselheim, but that is not our problem. There "is danger in this which I should get to, actually." "You have now received your gifts and your various required implements for this journey. A "contract has just recently come to us from the Crown of Erathis, within this portion of the city. "It has been approved for slaying. This will prove quite a challenge. Based on how highly you spoke "of your abilities, I will warn you. The quarry is quite dangerous. Should you find yourself in "trouble, I wish to remind you that it is better to live and fail, than to be foolish and die. Let me "pass on to you the contract that has been selected for you." Then she reaches out and hands this over to you, Percy. As she flicks her wrist a small spark of purple-ish dark energy shoots from her finger, slams into the side of the contract, and the tear in the contract repairs itself immediately. Yes, having dragons being a very favored enemy for you. White dragons are one of the chromatic dragon circle. They are considered largely very spiteful, arrogant, a little more bestial, and very, very dangerous foes. Once upon a time, you battled, back at Westruun. Ice and frost. "This bodes well. If you have already defeated such a creature, then this should be a "very simple task." "Very good." "Ah, see. That is part of the job. To find one's quarry is why we are so specialized, in the "Slayer's Take. You may now embark. Once we signify the pact of the contract." And as she reaches out and touches the edge of it, you can see there are these arcane sigils that are on the contract itself. They glow and pulse briefly and she just walks across the group. First, to you Percy, as you were holding it. "Place your hand against the contract." As you do they light up, and you feel a surge of warm energy go through your torso. At which point, you now see, at the bottom of the contract, your name inscribe itself, magically, into the contract. She then takes it and passes it to each one of you to the same point. As the spell binds-- "I suppose he is part of your band." And she reaches out the paper. Slams it out of her hand, knocking the contract onto the ground, and there is a brief moment where she pulls the paw back and the paper is wrecked a little bit, but there is indeed a paw that inscribes itself on the bottom of the contract for Trinket's insignia. "Now, I have a "busy day to attend. I wish you the utmost of safety, good luck, and safe travels." "I'd appreciate that, good luck." "That's great. Please, go." In certain book series, yes. (laughter) Worgs in this world are essentially a side breed of large bulbous, wolf-like entities. It's not quite dire wolf sized. For instance-- out of character here, outside of the world. In Lord of the Rings, the things that the orcs ride. As you all leave, the Huntmaster expectantly waiting for you to exit the guildhall, you find yourself out amongst the streets of Vasselheim. With no particular direction in where to find the white dragon in three days. Three days to slay it, yes. As per the Locate Creature spell, it can only locate creatures within 1,000 feet of the ritual that is completed. But it locates them with pinpoint accuracy. Yes. At this point, and you guys noticed it and didn't make a mention, because for some of you this was just a very dire morning. But since Grog woke up this morning he had a very, very nice coat of somewhat bristly, translucent-- not very attractive facial hair, but facial hair by definition. You can. You, along with Trinket by your side, you find a small space-- You can gather the general-- You are still in the city of Vasselheim. You are in the Quadroads district, which is the most central portion of the city-- it's the Erathis driven area. You are about a 15 minute walk from the nearest walls that exit out into the Vesper Timberlands. You have no idea. This would be one of those occasions where your best bet would be research or asking around. So, you take a moment, you ground yourself, and you place your hands on the dirt and take in the general feel of all natural creatures and unnatural beasts that you are attuned to in the vicinity. You focus on the essence of what is dragon and dragonkin, dragon kind. And find that within the six mile radius, there is nothing that catches your attention. All right, so in following Lyra towards the Abundant Terrace, which is on the western side of town. This area is very different in visual style. As soon as you approach this small hill that leads into the terrace proper, it is almost entirely farmland. In this strange, harsh environment there is something about this entire district that is structured to be the source of vegetation and crops, and to be essentially feeding a large portion of the population here. You also see there are a series of small temple towers and statues that are focused around a particular deity. I want you guys to go ahead and roll religion real fast. Which, you know this information. But before you can even say it, as you are eager to mention, you sense that there is worship of Melora here. Melora which is considered the goddess of wilderness and the sea and is one of the five-- soon to be six if Pike's temple raises-- deities that essentially rule the belief system and lifestyle of the city of Vasselheim. So through the blessing and touch of Melora in this district they are able to treat the land as magically fertile territory to grow. You gather upon stepping inside that there's a cluster of dirty looking, but very, very cluttered and busy taverns, inns and general stores, like the entire portion of the district that isn't farmland is jammed into this one little corner. Go ahead and make an investigation check. Percy? 17, all right. You guys split up a bit briefly to try and find more information. One of the groups that coalesces is Vex, Scanlan, and Lyra. The three of you come upon a place called The Midnight Breath Tavern. You step inside and speak for a bit and eventually you meet the co-owner, a gentleman named Dagon, who is an older human who has what looks like a reddish, but somewhat patchy red and brown beard, a couple scars on his body, but nothing battle worn-- more just a person who has existed in this harsh landscape for a while. You guys are asking around and talking about dragons, mentioning dragons, and somebody points in his direction and says, "Ah, "dragon. You're gonna want to talk to Dagon about that. He's the one who sees dragons." You guys are wandering about. You guys are in the process of asking around. You'll meet up with them in just a moment. "That's my name." He's cleaning a glass. "Correct." "Y--You've seen it? You've seen the dragon?" You hear a couple of snickers down the bar and he goes, "Shut the hell up!" "No, no one around here likes a dragon proper. At least, none that I've come across. No, "I swears it. I swears it. I saw this one. I was up north, about two days' travel northwest of here via "the Glasswalk Road. That's two days' travel horseback, mind you." "The Glasswalk Road, yeah." "I was heading to Muldire to, you know, visit my brother and some of my family lives up in that "northern area. It's freezing cold, too chilly for my tastes but-- I was going to visit and no more "than two days up there, a nasty blizzard blows in out of nowhere, just starts wrecking the entire "roadside, slick with ice. We decide to go ahead and make camp, me and a couple of the others who "were journeying with me. We head off the road, set up a small camp, throw up some tents, and "thankfully, at least within the canopy of the forest, it's easy enough to escape the barrage of "the elements, but it was a very, very cold night. Our fire began to go out, "and we were a little worried." "Hold on, let me tell my story." "It's all right, I'm used to it." And a voice over there says, "Yeah, he is!" "You. I will kick you out. I will kick you--" "I'll get to that. Patience. Now, we're sitting there--" And you get the feeling around you that, there's like eight other people in this tavern who are all face in their hands, like this story has probably been told dozens of times. Over and over again. "So partway into the night, we're trying to keep warm when suddenly we hear this terrifying roar, "that streaks across the sky. We could hear it over the blistering sound of the snow and sleet "battered against our tent. I rush outside to take a look. Not sure what to find, but instead, I see "what looks like a pack of four dire wolves converging on our camp. Large, nasty beasts--" "Worg-like, a little larger, yes." "Well, no. I mean, if you want to get into-- if you're talking worg versus dire wolf, worg is "still pretty large. About a good three, four--" "So, this pack of dire wolves are converging on me. I myself am fearful, but I know that, if "I'm gonna make a stand, now is the time to do it. So I reach over and draw my dagger, and prepare "myself to defend--" "Thank you." He re-sheathes it, a little blush to his cheeks. "I prepared myself to accept "possible defeat at these terrifying beasts. Then a secondary roar breaks out. This time not from "around, but above. Incoming, streaking out of the clouds above, I see, believe me, a dragon. "Wing-span huge, claws and teeth gnashing--" "White as the snow that encased the skyline. It streaks down and snatch! Takes one of the worgs "in its jaws. Lifts up the worg, screeching about angrily. It throws it into the air, and from its "mouth cascades a blistering, freezing cascade of ice and sleet. "The worg itself freezes in mid-air." "Before it can plummet, the creature then closes its jaws, snatching down on that worg, and "biting it in two. Only one fell stroke. As the pieces of ice clatter to the ground, the rest of "the worgs scatter. I believe that dragon saved our lives that night." "Well apparently the dragon had its fill and the dire wolves went off. So we packed up and went "right on back. Never made it to Muldire." "I have no idea, actually. We just ran. We turned tail and got the hell out of there as fast "as we could." "You believe me? You believe me on this?!" "Could you?" Go ahead and roll insight. 17. 17. All right. He's not the most complicated man. So, reading his intent is easier than a lot of individuals you've had to keep an eye on previously. He is eager to tell the story and is in full belief. The frustration, and the only things that detract from his child-like excitement at telling this tale, is his moments of side looking frustration to the other members of the tavern that do not take him seriously, it seems. Dagon does seem to be truthful in, at least, believing what he is saying to you. Make a perception check. 24. As she reaches into the pouch-- there is a rather large, visibly bulging pouch to her side that is, in no way shape or form, even attempting to be covertly hidden. Seemingly. "It is! Dagon. Remember the name Dagon for your song." "I can write it down for you." "Oh, I ain't going back! Y'all's crazy if you're going back there. I would say just look for "where the blizzard is coming from. That seemed to be the harbinger of the beast." "Two days on horseback. Up the Glasswalk." As far as you know, horses are provided to full-fledged hunting members. You got the feeling, in your very, very brief preparation for this, that part of the test was to secure your own transportation. As you guys step out of the tavern, you walk up to the other members of your party Zahra, Grog and Percy. You know that contracts are complete upon the quarry being slain. Once the creature is actually slain, and the pieces are harvested, then the contract is completed. Then you can take your time returning. You haven't ever had any sort of discussions with him in regards to horses. You know there are a few liveries throughout town, but you don't think you have any family ties to them directly. You briefly look about and you find a livery not too far from the outskirts of this district. As you enter, the gentleman who runs it there is eager, "Have you come to buy some horses? Well, "certainly." "The thing about renting is, in this area if you're riding out with horses, a lot of them don't "make their way back." "That could possibly work, yes." Okay, so while you guys are in this conversation, you stay back and make a few symbols with your fingers, whispering under your breath, you complete the Suggestion spell. What's the DC of your spell? It should be on the top of your spell page. The top of your actual sheet that has all your things listed. All right. What do you want to suggest? As you're having this conversation he looks over at the group and goes, "You know what? You "all look like a very trustworthy group. I wouldn't wanna breed any sort of ill will for future "business." "Tell you what. I'll give you the horses, rental, half price. I trust you'll bring 'em back. "Don't worry about any sort of deposit. I believe you're trustworthy folk." "So for six horses, we're look for a rental price of around... Say, 50 gold for the lot, rental." (chuckles) Trinket would probably be struggling to keep up with you guys. "I think we could... probably facilitate. I can't say that it'll have much of a shelf life, "depending on how much you ride it, but--" He pulls out a very, very nice looking warhorse that looks like it's designed to carry very heavy soldiers. Still unproven as to whether or not it will be able to carry you, but we shall see. And once again, the horse travel wasn't two days of straight gallop. It was-- A casual trot, in which Trinket could probably keep up, but you guys might have to take a break every now and then, because he's still a bear. Oh. For every bear pun that happens, an angel loses its wings. Certainly, certainly! I'll get you your horses. "Thank you kindly." Yes. The stable boy is bringing the horses over, the rest of you begin like putting your materials up and strapping them to the saddles. And what did you want to do? So. Horses ready and mounted up? You guys gather all the rest of your materials, you ride up back through the Braving Grounds to the northwestern exit to the outside wall. Anything else? That's right. Okay. Easy enough. You guys follow Lyra down to the outside of the Quadroads. There is one warehouse she goes to, she knocks on the door and as it opens up, you can see a rather comely looking gentleman with a nice soft, almost a purple-blue beret. Little bit of a heavyset neck bulge that rests over the top of his little doublet. And he opens it and he looks up. "Eh, what can I-- oh Lyra." (groans) "What do you want this time?" "No, I can't believe it." "But good for you." He gives a very, very long, judgmental, mistrusting look across all five of you. "Please, don't." (laughter) "What do you need, Lyra?" He closes the door. (laughter) Two minutes go by. All right. You have not seen Uncle Randy. Which is the only downside to that. Um. You could-- (laughter) Unfortunately, no. But if there's any other form you'd like to take you're welcome to. The door opens at this point, almost pushing you back on your heels. You catch yourself as he comes out carrying a large pile of what look like relatively well-kept furs and thick leather cloaks, and shoves them into your arms. "Be safe, little one." (bff) Closes the door. He nuzzles up alongside Vex. You embark on the Glasswalk Road, which forms right on the outskirts of the Braving Grounds. You are let through the front gates of the outside of the Vesper Timberlands, and this is the first time you've actually seen a formal road that is carved and at least traversed enough that the Timberland hasn't completely consumed it. You can still see various tree roots and branches are progressively, almost angrily, pushing in towards this gate, but you get the feeling based on the cuts that whoever goes through here-- at least some people go through here, they keep it relatively well-kept for travel up north. You ride out into it and the canopy almost completely encloses it, so it's like a tunnel of very dense tree, vine, and leaf structure. You push forward out into the cold air and begin to ride for the remainder of the day. A good eight or nine hours hit before the chill begins to grow. The sun begins to find itself setting across the far mountains, and the forest around you grows darker and darker still. Okay. You guys get off of the main road, as that's probably not a very good area to be out in the open. You find, after about a five to ten minute walk, a small opening and along the way you find a tree that looks viable. There's a small slope of hill that heads up to an upper platform area maybe about five to ten feet up, and a small opening that you think would be a fitting place to put a fire that wouldn't be in danger of setting the nearby vegetation aflame. You go ahead and start looking for firewood. Go ahead and make an athletics roll. All right. After a good 15, 20 minute period-- relatively brief for most folk-- you come back with a nice, hefty stack of firewood from the driest small tree you could find. Throwing the wood down, you begin to set up small stones into a fire pit establishment, and begin building a fire as the entirety of the sun disappears behind the distant mountain range. At this point, the temperature has gotten extremely cold, and most of you begin to pull up your winter cloaks and get your bedrolls ready for an evening's bit of rest. Is there anything in particular that you guys want to do before the night and sleep take you? About two hours into nightfall, you can see a gentle bit of moonlight begin to appear off the distant horizon to the northeast, from your position. It's hard to see because the trees are so thick, but you take a moment to walk through, and you can see little bits of the moonlight peeking. All right. Anything else you wish to do? Good call. Good call, indeed. The Ring of Protection is an actual ring you wear. Yes, and it protects you. Yep. (laughs) Very helpful. You guys look over and Grog is sitting there, rubbing wood together. The ranger, who is very well-experienced in surviving in woodland areas, starts the fire that had taken you a good five, six minutes of aggressively fighting against the water-soaked wood of this woodland. (snaps) She lights the flames. All right. Anyone keeping watch? All right, so you're taking first watch. All right, so Zahra takes first watch. Percy takes second watch. If you'd like to. Third watch for Grog. All right. All right. As the rest of you make your bedrolls, prepare and gather around the fire, eventually drift off to sleep. Vex and Zahra are left awake. As you guys munch and awkwardly make your way through conversation through the evening, eventually your watch comes to a close, and you guys are able to rest. Percy, you take up second watch. About three, four hours go by-- Without incident. Eventually, your watch comes to a close. You find yourself just past the middle of the night period of the evening. Who has the third watch? Is that-- Grog. All right. As the rest of you maintain or continue your sleep. Grog keeps a very watchful eye in the darkened woods around. Grog, go ahead and make a perception check. Yeah. 16. That's good. All right. As you're keeping your eyes around for any sort of dangerous or encroaching villainy, the fire itself is slightly mesmerizing in its pattern, and you look off to the right. You hear the slight snapping of a twig about 15, 20 feet off from the camp. Okay. You stand up, lifting your axe and begin to take a few steps away from the camp. As you turn around one of the nearby tree trunks, the first thing you're greeted by in the darkness-- do you have Darkvision? You do. So as you turn the corner, you get about a step before you notice, about 15 feet away from you-- There is a very large fur-covered, wolf-like creature that is (snarls). Snarling at you with bony protrusions from parts of its body. It stands, from ground to top of its shoulder, almost up to your entire height, and it is currently snarling, and behind it you can see there are two very gingerly stepping humanoid figures in the darkness. As you all wake up-- We're going to go to our break. (cheering) And we'll be back here. We're also going to show a really cool video as we recently put up our challenge to the Critter-verse-- of all the Critters that watch the show, the-- (chuckles), the Cancer Cream Pie Challenge. Those of you who haven't seen it can go look it up. Cream cancer. Yeah. Cancer of the cream, if you will. A bunch of our fans took up the challenge, and there's a wonderful video compilation of that. We'll go ahead and put that up here in a moment, but we'll be back shortly to to see what dangers have been unveiled in the nearby forest. See you momentarily. [break] 5k arrival from last week's episode, is available for one more day. So if you want to get that, get it soon, because once it's gone it's gone. So make sure to go check that out if you're interested. Other than that, are we good to go ahead and continue? Perfect. All right. First and foremost, I would like everyone to roll initiative. Indeed. All righty. So. Cool. So. Initiative rolls for everyone-- There will be a mild surprise round here except for Grog, but we have initiatives from here. Percy, what you got? 16 for Percy. Felicia? Okay, Lyra and Scanlan. You guys. (laughs) Oh this is wonderful, you're all going to die. Percy, you were 16 as well? All right. So. In this regard, Grog. You are actually going first. Everyone else, you're currently in the process of waking up so there's going to be a round before it gets to the rest of you. Trinket wakes up. Grog. You look, and you see the big, dire wolf-like creature is currently staring at you across the way, and you see other entities, humanoid, coming towards you. As your Darkvision allows you to take up their features you can see these are very heavily fur covered, dense leather armor protected, roving band of straight up orcs that are currently converging on the campsite from the center of the woods. What are you going to do? All right. So you immediately go into a Grog-style charge. You guys can hear Grog yelling in furious anger, echoing through the nearby wood in the direction you heard his initial shout that woke you up. Grog, you rush forward towards the dire wolf. Go ahead and make your two attacks. That hits. Both hit! Nice. Go ahead and roll some damage. Great. So as you rush forward, your axe hits into the side of the dire wolf. Slamming into its shoulder, you can see as you draw the axe out of the wound, you've left a nice hearty gash into the muscle tissue that holds its arm to its shoulder. The other one, as you bring your axe around the other side it slams into the upper part of its back. It sinks a good three or four inches into it and the dire wolf (rrgaaah) just reacts to the pain with a guttural screech and then looks up at you, releasing its lips apart for these nasty looking, sharp, long dire wolf fangs revealed as it prepares itself to pounce back. That ends your turn? As part of this round, the dire wolf is going to return, as the two nearest orcs charge in to flank Grog. This guy is going to move... One, two, three... six... can't quite-- there. Is going to use its action to dash in here and loom over. So as you're waking up you see this orc come lumbering around one of the trees-- -- with this giant club and just gets in front of you. As you're freaking out, another one flanks around and comes up towards Percy. Another one rushes up behind Scanlan there. And you see, behind-- another growl and a series of heavy footfalls as-- not quite an ogre, not quite an orc; like some sort-of ogre/orc crossbreed, comes walking behind one of the other trees to go up behind Percy on that side And from the far end over here another orc moves forward one, two, three, four, five... six-- And he's going to use his action to finish his movement here on Percy, as well. Yes. Currently there's only two attacks on you from this ogre-like creature and this orc. Oh, that's not going to be very good. That would be a nine? What's your AC? 18, that is not going to hit. And then we also have-- that'll be a 22. All right, so the giant ogre-ish type creature comes rushing towards you. Swings with its giant club and slams the ground next you as you manage to roll out of the way and get up to your feet, and as you do the orc to the other side swings with what looks like a heavy axe and it nicks you in the side of the shoulder blade, dealing 12 points of slashing damage. We have-- this guy just barely gets to Scanlan. Scanlan, as you're standing up one of the orcs rushes up behind and you see he's holding another large, double-handed great axe-- All right, go ahead and roll the d10 to reduce the attack modifier on that one. Rolled a 24 by the way. 22. Well there you go. All right, that will come to another 12 points of slashing damage. As the axe swings down, you manage to just pull out of the way so it hits the armor and deflects, but it leaves a huge gash in the front of the armor and just the sheer weight of it kind of shook you for a second. That'll bring us to Grog, who is currently being heavily flanked. First the dire wolf is going to snatch at you because it's not happy with your series of attacks, and with Pack Tactics it has advantage because it's within five feet of other allies. So, its bite attack against you with advantage is a-- natural 20. Using my new Critical Role dice. It's 21 points of piercing damage from the jaws which is reduced by half because of your Rage. Yep. That finishes the dire wolf's turn. The two other orcs are also going to swing at you from the sides. They have advantage because they're flanking you. That's going to be a 17. And then with advantage on that one 16. Also misses. They're just swinging at you with no effect. That completes the surprise round. The orcs have pounced onto your campsite. Back at the top of the order we have Percy. What are you doing first? Yeah, it's too small to be an ogre but it's too big to be an orc. A very unholy union of the two probably created this spawn. Okay. 28 definitely hits. He has to make a saving throw or be knocked prone? All right. Four plus six, so it would be 18? Yeah, he does not make that. So you shoot, he gets knocked prone. As you shoot his foot out from under him, he stumbles to one knee and then you just kick out and push him onto his back. That's the first shot. Nice. Okay. You have advantage because he's prone. He's right there in front of you and he's not able to really dodge effectively, so I'm going to give you advantage on this attack. Which regenerates your Grit point you just used, by the way. You get a Grit point whenever you crit. Roll the dice and double the number you get. While it's on the ground, it looks up at you and snarls. You removed your boot from where you kicked it down. You bring the gun down, aim it, and give it a glare as you fire with the Pepperbox. As you do, you blast part of its jaw off and you see it-- You see blood starting to trickle and pour down the front of its chest and it's trying to get up angrily, reaching for its club which is currently in the half snow floor of this forest interior. It's looking pretty rough, but it's looking very intent on getting vengeance on you. Yes. Yes, they are harrying you pretty heavily right now. Go for it. All right. Yep. He still has-- Advantage to your shot because he's still on the ground. 23 hits. Go ahead and roll damage on that. 21 points of damage. All right, with that shot as it's getting up and reaches for its club, it gets hold of it and starts bringing it in an arc towards you. You lower the gun again, this time shooting for the other side of its face. With an echoing blasting sound you see the remainder of its lower jaw and head just blown out the back of it. Its eyes roll back. (cheering) This one? Okay, go ahead and roll to attack. All right. Good to know, because that will affect your armor class. 32 points of damage. You all are a little distracted by the other ones that are currently pushing in. You hear the explosions and you see off to the corner, but you have too many things around you right now. Okay, so as you pull back the gun, the orc that's in front of you that's currently holding its one handed axe with two hands is rearing back. You fire right towards its face. It tries to duck out of the way and you smack into its shoulder. With an explosion you can see its leather armor splinters, and its fur kind of burns and curls back from the flame of the blast, and beneath you can see that most of the muscle tissue and exposed bone is visible as you've blown a giant crater in its shoulder. Grog, you're up. All right, so attack for each one. Go for it. That hits the orc. Dire wolf. Hits. And for the last orc. Okay, roll damage three times, and it's in order. This orc over here? All right. As you (whoosh) swing the axe around, it clips across the chest of the orc who is almost pushed off his feet from the sheer force. The axe swings, slams into the front throat, chest area of the dire wolf with so much force that it cuts clean through leaving this open wound where its main veins just begin to pour its lifeblood. The dire wolf just gurgles for a second before slumping onto the ground, motionless. With the inertia carrying through its body it slams into the other orc, who actually has a small buckler shield that manages to catch. It shatters most of the leather and metal that encompasses the piece, getting stuck into his forearm and he yells in your face with this kind of guttural shout and he pulls his own arm off the blade of the axe as you withdraw it. That concludes your turn. It's now their turn. All you low initiative rolling motherfuckers got to wait! (laughter) Let's see. First and foremost, the two guys that are-- in that motion, the two orcs that you just slammed rear back and then retaliate very heavily against you. They both have advantage because they have you flanked. That'll be 22. And a 14. Yes. All right. So the one with the buckler and what looks like a longsword strikes you for eight points of slashing damage, of which you take four. That ends their turn. The one orc that's overtop of you, Lyra, goes (rggh!) and swings in a wide arc down towards you. That's going to be a 14. Aw, okay. So, as its two handed axe swings down on top of you, you take six points of slashing damage. You instinctively freak out and back up out of the way and it actually doesn't hit you, it slams into your bedroll. But the sheer impact shakes you and you can feel the sweat beginning to pour from your forehead. That's going to bring us to this guy here, who's attacking Scanlan. That's going to be a 12. He swings towards your head. Thankfully he's not used to attacking things so small. You duck quickly out of the way. And that's-- Oh, and the two on Percy, who are now looking for retribution. They're looking a little shaken by the whole experience. The one that you shot in the shoulder too. That'll be a 20. 20 to hit. I thought you were wearing your pajamas with the butt flap? Sometimes you-- This is what I heard. And 22 for the second attack. So both of them strike at once. You don't quite know which way to dodge, and as you try to duck out of the way both blades hit you simultaneously on the sides. You take four points of damage from one. Rolled really low. That one rolled pretty high, you take 12. The total would be 16. You take 16 points of slashing damage from the two of those orcs. Now we come to Scanlan. All right. So, as you finish your casting of the spell you can see the anger in its face suddenly drop and subside, and it gives you this expectant look. Okay. It nods and looks over towards where Grog is and with this kind of slack jawed expression turns and looks like it's ready to make its way towards Grog next round. Do you want to move at all? Or are you staying here? All right. Yeah, he's not currently threatening you because he is controlled by you. So you step back with the fire to your back, you can feel the heat flickering behind you. All right. So with that you have a d10 inspiration dice that you can add to any d20 roll you need to make. It could be an attack, could be a saving throw. You can roll and if that's not enough, you can add a d10 to it. So that ends Scanlan's turn. Vex, you're up. Two currently, flanking him right there. Okay. The one that's damaged the most is going to be this one. All right. You can do that. All right, so Trinket runs around the tree. An unexpected circumstance. So as you turn around, you go ahead and you point at the orc to the side with a flicker of slightly shimmering white energy. You can see your attention focus and clarity crystallize on this one orc who glances over at you, returning the gaze. 19 attack does hit. And as the arrow is released from your bow-- Go ahead and roll damage. Yep. Roll twice for Trinket. As the arrow (sploof) hits him on the chest area and (boom) bursts into flames, igniting part of his shoulder. As he looks down you hear this guttural growl from around the corner. As he glances over Trinket comes jumping out of the shadows from behind the tree. Attack bonus. 22 hits. Roll for the second attack. 16 just barely hits. Yep. Four additional damage for Hunter's Mark. 11 for the first one. All right. All right. So, as Trinket rushes around the corner with one claw (whacks) hits him in the back of the shoulder sending him onto the ground. The orc now, shoulder in flames, is on its back. Trinket leaps on top, reaches down and with its jaws around its head just bites the head off. As you see the head flip into the air, catches the head in his jaws and crunches down on it. Zahra, it's your go. This is Vex right there. You're right here. This one and these two here all look pretty untouched. This one is actually untouched. Four. One, two, three, four. Correct. Him? All right. Well, Eldritch Blast is three different beams, and that's just Eldritch Blast for your turn. Or you can do Agonizing Blast, you choose one or the other. Oh. It's one of your abilities? Oh, it just improves the Eldritch Blast? Oh yeah, you can totally do that. Okay, so you turn around-- You hold the staff forward and for a second your eyes, which are normally a vibrant bright white suddenly close with this darkness and then reveal a pale blue like the moon in the sky. As you do, this hue of light blue energy begins to emanate from this orc right there. He looks down confused as you pull your staff up and slam the ground with it. As you do, these three streaks of pale, blueish green energy streak out towards it. Go ahead and roll three attacks. Adding your bonus-- your spell bonus to each one. That hits. 30. Okay. Are you adding the plus-- Right. So what was the last one? They all hit, so go ahead and roll damage for each, and each does additional Hex damage, because it's three different hits. Yeah, go ahead and roll that three times. 1d10 plus seven, 1d10 plus seven, 1d10 plus seven. It's all right. Too late now. Next time. All right. All right. 12. And then then add-- roll a d6 three times because each time you blast them you do the additional Hex damage. All right two. Eight total. 13. So, after the beams streak out-- all three blast simultaneously into the torso area of the orc that's standing by Percy. It's glaring at you with this look of surprise, and fury, and frustration and before it can even try and mount any sort of attack, the three beams strike it in the chest. You can see this scattering of brackish liquid as the back of its torso is blown out like a shotgun blast. And it falls to the ground with this gurgle in its throat, and for a second you swear you see the glistening moonlight colored energy that you had Hexed upon it almost sucks the soul from its body and then it dissipates into the air above it. A big blast of flame. Great. So that will end your turn there. That will bring us to Lyra. Five, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30. 30 foot is right there. From you. This one, this one, and these two there. That just hits, yeah. These two are not but this guy is. This guy there. These guys are a little too far away, unfortunately. This guy is not. As you freak out you back up and as an instinctual maneuver you put your fingers out, and there is a loud crackling sound as a condensed thunderstorm blasts forth from Lyra's hands. The orc that's threatening her and actually managed to try and strike you gives you this look of sudden pity before its entire upper body is fried instantly from the electricity that just destroys-- You can see all its flesh is now curled back and cracking from the sheer amount of energy that's flowing through it. The bolt then streaks off and slams the one that you dominated that was currently running in the other direction-- all of a sudden gets hit in the side. However, maintains the Domination. (laughter) It's pretty rough. It's been a rough day for him. Do you want to stay where you are or do you want to move? All right. Top of the round. Percy, Grog. Okay. Okay. 16 does hit. First shot smacks into its thigh, and you can see where once there was an actual functional thigh area is now a splintered femur that is exposed through one side of his leg. You can see it's barely keeping itself standing. It roars out (raaah!) in pain as you fire again-- With the final bullet in your Pepperbox's chamber, the sixth bullet, you fire the last round-- No, no, no. Sharpshooter works well for a reason. That's what the dice does, man. It's worked poorly in your favor before. It's great when it works awesomely. So with this look of confusion as this orc that's trying to do the bidding of this gnome that-- It's trying desperately to go and protect Grog but on the way there it gets its leg blown out, and then suddenly it turns and the shot enters one side of its temple and out the other and there's just this very quick (shpt) sound as it falls to the ground motionless and is no longer a living organism. Grog, you're up. All right. 24. That hits. Whew. All right. Same guy? All right, go ahead and roll for that. That hits. So, the first strike you slam into his upper torso area and it actually digs about four or five inches in. He reaches up and grabs-- drops his weapon and grabs the axe and tries to pull it out of his body. You, however, reach up with your fist and slam it down on the axe shoving it about five or six more inches. You can see his actual shoulder and arm fall away from his torso as his eyes roll back and he falls limp against the blade. Go ahead and make an intimidation roll. All right. The orc, looking at its current fate and the rather rapid destruction of its entire band-- (speaks Orcish) Anyone here speak Orcish? You hear him say, "Death may come, but the rest will find you. You come into our wood. It's "only a matter of time before you're eaten." Go ahead and make a persuasion roll. As you're speaking to him in his own language, his-- (laughs) You guys hear these horrible guttural sounds, almost as good as Keyleth's Giant. Almost. You can see a look of fear and his eyes dart about the rest of the party as they all begin stepping out of the firelight and into the darkness surrounding him. He gauges the scenario. Looks down at the dead dire wolf. He gives you another look and you still have the flaring blaze of your angry Thaumaturgy eyes. He says in Common, very broken Common-- "Very well. I live. I serve." You can see his blood now trickling down to the corner of his mouth. Make an insight check. You can certainly try, though! He looks.... constipated? That's the best way you can read it. You're welcome to. You're concerned, briefly, for the diet he usually eats. Vex, you wanna go ahead? 16? Ah, there is definitely an intent for self-preservation, but there is that fight-or-flight look in the eyes as well. He will. Friends, however, has to be on something that's not hostile, and you get the feeling that even though he's currently docile, he's probably a little hostile. "This beast, I see-- in the sky. Takes those who do not hide. Look for the tallest mountain "that way." And points up the north area, a little ways off the road and in the direction you're travelling. "It... takes refuge top of the mountain. There is no path. Just hiding." "High." "Only fools would try to scale a dragon's mountain." He gives you a look of momentary indifference and kind of... no. Okay. As you glance around the corpses, you find not too much on them, though it looks like they've gathered from raiding other people they're passing on the road, or just scavenging about. You find 274 gold. "Hungry, it will take you. But that's your choice." "No." "No!" "You say you'll keep me alive but you walk towards death. One or the other way, "I end up at the bottom." "Then go. Go and see your dragon." He gives you a look like, he's on empty. He's given you everything he's gonna give you. As the whole group gasps, Grog just shoves him back and (whoosh whoom, pff pff). The head rolls, hits a patch of snow and stops. The body falls back and you see kind of dark blood begin to pour out of the rest of the body and into the snow. Looking around, there are bits and pieces of, whether it be iron weapons-- you can see, scavenged a few-- like some of the axes that were being used have an iron or similar type metal that is crafted in those, though it's usually pretty beaten and not very well maintained. I'll say you can harvest the iron blades from three axes. They're in relatively poor condition, but you can mark that. As he shakes it, you see spattering across the-- All right. From the dire wolf, all right. I would like you to go ahead and make a nature check. That's to attempt to harvest the creature's canines. Roll a d20 and add your nature check bonus. Okay. As you begin taking a small dagger out from the inside of your Cloak of Useful Things you break one of the tooths in the process, unfortunately. You manage to get one of them, at least, so you do have one dire wolf canine you can add to your items. Very well. All right, you take a moment and concentrate and, for a six mile radius-- currently no dragon. It's still-- it's probably like a good two, three in the morning. We will once you get a full-on rest. It is. Yes, so the rest of you guys, you go ahead and take your full evening's rest, at which point your hit points and spells are restored. And Grog, go ahead and make a percentage roll. 58, nah, unfortunately. Unfortunately no. Eventually you all complete your evening's rest, the rest of the watches go without incident, in the morning you wake up and the cold air was pretty rough for a lot of you. Thankfully the fire was there to help, but you're-- you get the feeling that the further north you travel, the weather's going to become an issue, even with the warm clothing you currently have on. All right. So you guys step back to where your horses are currently-- Thankfully, your horses were far enough away from the area where you were, the focus was not to make any noise when they came upon you, so the orcish party knew better than to attack the horses first. The horses are still a little spooked from the evening's events, but nevertheless. You get back on your horses, you continue up the Glasswalk Road. You had a question? And immediately with that, the horses who were currently rattled, and some of them are being unresponsive to your attempts to mount them, settle down, come to a calm point and allow you all to get atop them without an issue. All right. Dust of-- Cloud of Deterrence. (laughs) And so as you're on your warhorse, which, as you can tell the more and more you ride on it the more and more it's starting to slow. Thankfully you're keeping pace with Trinket, it's having a hard time keeping a goliath on its back for extensive riding. Let's just say it's probably going to be a little sway-backed by the end of this adventure. It's okay for now. You guys continue traveling for a second day-- A few hours of-- a few hours of travel and-- Learning the ins and outs of the extremely tumultuous history of Lyra and Aldor, you eventually come to a point where the clouds are beginning to darken, and in the distance you can see what looks like a very heavily obscured curtain of snowfall to the north-northwest. You get to a point of the Glasswalk Road where a snowstorm is starting to pour over this vicinity. You guys stop for a second and repackage yourself with your fur and heavy winter clothing, and even still it's very, very chilly. I'd like everybody to make a constitution save. You are nearing forest, yes. So yeah, you would be considered in forest area. Yes, you have advantage on this. (laughs) So warm. All right. It's a constitution saving throw, so you roll twice and take the higher. I think, I'm pretty sure that's how that works. I'll check here with the goliath as the mountain-born-- oh, you're just naturally adapted to it, so you're fine. All right, so all of you manage-- Scanlan, mark yourself, you have one level of fatigue. LAURA and Fatigue, let me go ahead and make sure-- You take the stone and your fatigue fades. You find yourself adjusting well to the cold climate, thanks to your gift from your new leader and-- All right, so as you guys pull off the side of the road and use the cover of the forest to help from the snow that's beginning to hit even harder, you gather there is in this vicinity an ever waxing-and-waning blizzard that pours through. You can see a localized area that is not really moving. You wait like a good 20, 30 minutes to see if there's any movement but the blizzard is not shifting from its location. All right. You sit and concentrate for a moment and... nothing. Nothing-- wait. You sense this very, very small blip at the edge, it's moving quickly. It's getting closer, you can sense its energy up in the air. At that point you hear this distant guttural howl, just a-- (raaah!) comes bursting out over the air. The wind begins to pick up and the snowfall begins to become ice. The rest of you guys have to kind of duck yourself out of the way-- -- everyone make a reflex, or sorry, a dexterity saving throw. All right. All of you guys manage to find cover under the nearest tree where the bough of the forest is at its strongest. You avoid most of the brunt impact, Grog unfortunately takes a good portion of slamming ice-stone damage. Negligible for most damage you're used to, but you still take four points of bludgeoning damage from the falling ice. The sleet. As you guys are currently in this position, you can see barely through the very very heavy snowfall a shape that (whoo) moves over in the distance that circles around and then heads back in a western direction. Yeah. You look over in that direction and you can barely make it through bits as the storm intensifies and begins to subside a little bit, you can see what looks to be the gentle outline of a mountain range maybe about ten miles off from the road. To the west of the road, into the forest itself. Currently. Unless you guys have any other plan, right now there is about ten miles of forest between you, near the roadway, and this mountain range, where apparently the dragon has returned to. It means, if everything you cast is at maximum level, it would be fifth level, which means you could target three creatures with Invisibility. It's a concentration either way. I will say, as soon as you start thinking about flying and getting there, you look up past where the trees are. Flying in this weather would be a terrible idea. Dust of uhhh? As the flower girl picks up the back end, you guys trudge on horseback into the heart of this section of the Vesper Timberlands. It is a very dense forest and you find that any straight-road path is not going to function, as you're constantly having to weave in and out from the thick tree trunks and heavy foliage that has taken over the floor. Plus a layer of snow that tends to encapsulate the area, your movement is relatively restrained than this pace you're normally used to going. You have-- what bonuses do you have because of the forest terrain? To the group's movement, if any? Thankfully, though, you have Vex guiding you on this path and where it would be a very difficult experience pushing through this forest, especially with the time limit you have, she is able to find the quickest paths to dodge any of the heavy areas that are dense with dangerous snowfall. Understood, understood. All right. In that regard, I would like you to go ahead and make a perception check. Right. It's a 12? Okay. You keep an eye out as you continue to move forward. That's true, you do. Advantage on that. That's an improvement. 15 is indeed-- MATT and The things you learn watching Critical Role, ladies and gentlemen. So in following Vex through the forest, weaving back and forth, about an hour of travel in you-- I know you gotta get going soon. How soon do you have to go? All right. Pushing forward, you eventually manage to avoid what looks like a long frozen lake in the center of the forest with a series of heavily iced-over stone ruins. You move around and in the distance you swear you see the glimmer of some glowing entity in the midst of these ruins and you manage to keep enough of a distance. Everyone make a stealth check on this. So roll a d20 and add your stealth bonus. For you it'd be taking away from your stealth roll. 13. Grog? Stealth. All right, so. Though clumsy in form, the group is able to pull you far enough away where they cover your bases on this, and this glowing entity doesn't seem to take notice of your passage as it slowly fades into the stone ruins once again. You press on towards the mountain-- For this, I would say go ahead and make a religion check, actually. It's spooky and you don't like it. Pushing forward about another hour and a half, two hours, you eventually make it through the forest, dodging a few other areas where clustered vines and almost thick brambles begin to close off portions of the passage. Without Vex's help on this it would be a very difficult element to traverse, but you manage to find areas you can cut through, and where the weak points of these various interwoven nets of vinework are. You push through until the forest comes to an end at the base of a giant tree-covered mountain that is currently coated in snow and ice. Looking about, you can see that the highest spire is obscured by the very blizzard clouds ahead. There is heavy snowfall in this vicinity and your vision is semi-obscured past a certain area. Only because of Vex's keen sight are you able to make out the details of that mountain disappearing into the blizzard. There are a number of large rocks and boulders that seem to have tumbled off the mountain and embedded themselves in the ground in sections. You do see what looks to be a cavern of some kind that is in the-- at the base of this mountain, it's about 20, 25 feet high and about 35 feet wide. Go ahead and make a perception check. You-- you've read about mountains. (laughter) You-- I'd say for this and since you know mountain ranges pretty well, go ahead and make a wisdom check on this, yeah. Just add your wisdom modifier to the roll. 15. As you're kinda taking a moment to inspect it, you, your people, your actual race being mountain-born people, you look at it, and it could be scaled. It would be a dangerous climb and you would need some semblance of simple climbing tools to do so. You hear this heavy sound of wind rushing suddenly. Let's see. Oof. Okay. (laughs) Vex. On horseback, you look over, and the snow that's hitting your face-- you see a dark shape begin to form in the snow. It gets larger and larger and larger, and you realize it's not something that's swelling or growing, it's something that's coming at you very fast and it's very large. You immediately try and turn your horse around, but it's too fast, and it slams into the side of you, sending you off the horse and tumbling to the ground. You feel a heated pain in your side you haven't felt in a long time from the impact. You guys watch as a boulder about that big, of rock and ice-- -- just smacks into the side of you. You take 30 points of bludgeoning damage. And you're knocked onto the ground. The rest of you, who are currently on horseback, see this, and from the direction of the forest you see a large, very large humanoid figure begin to step out of the edge of the forest. This low voice kind of bellows out. You can see on it thick, snow-covered fur, patchwork hide armor. The skin itself is a dull bluish-grey in color, white eyes, a giant metallic horn, what looks like some sort of creature's horns that are affixed to the sides of its helmet. A giant axe in its hand. This is indeed-- and you recognize it immediately-- this is a frost giant. You see it reach down and grab another boulder and begin to toss it in its hand. As the rest of you see this, you hear another bellow. Does anyone speak Giant here? You hear a voice come echoing from the cavern behind you, saying, "Intruder! "Take him down!" A second frost giant steps out of the cavern behind you. And that's where we're going to go ahead and end the session for today. (yelling) Yes, on the ground. You marked your damage, because that carries over to next week. All right, guys, we'll-- because I know you had to leave soon and that would be a good place to stop it for this point and this week, we're going to continue this session next week. Starting a battle with two delightful frost giants. So first off, guys. Welcome to Critical Role, Mary. (cheering) Very, very well done. Blasted the torso out of an orc. All right, we have our-- You guys are ridiculous. Sure. That's not up to me. That's really unnecess-- Oh, in the game! Oh, in the game. I was like, I got to think this through, man. She's right there. I know. Bye Laura! Everyone going to GenCon-- -- go say hi to her. That would be terrifying. Bye, Laura! Here, awesome. Gdi35 donated $50 to 826. Thank you so much, that's incredible. Let me see. Oh, QBUltima5 donated $20 to 826, thank you so much. WheelieFactoid has donated $25, thank you again Wheelie, you're amazing and consistent, it's incredible. Darastar donated $25 to charity, Supalot-- supalot, that's delicious-- donated $50. Thank you so much, Supalot, that's great. Javabookgeekgirl donated $150, that's ridiculous. Thank you so much. KleetaZX, xicxic, XCXC, I'm sorry if I butchered that, but it's spelt to be butchered so I'm doing my best I can. Donated $50. Thank you so much. We have Markinthepark donated $50 as well, thank you. Awesome. Kurtcole donated $100, that's fantastic, Pippin42890 donated $250. Towards the charity, thank you so much. First time watching live, welcome to all the guys who watch for the first time. (cheering) All right, we have SirBugglez donated $25, which is awesome. Foxyforsythe donated $23.89. Thank you, I like that specific cent-number, makes me happy. LastCalled2013 donated $50 towards 826, AstrocistofVaruul donated $25, incredible, incredible. Immune0 donated $25, thank you Immune0, that's fantastic. TheDuggenator8. Yeah Duggenator. FELICIA and Donated $25. Gaiaca donated $25, thank you Gaiaca. Mylastnameisapalindr-- Mylastnameisapalindrome is probably it. Donated $25, thank you, and awesome that's your last name. Magikthefireborn donated $20, thank you very much Magik, that's fantastic. Joerker, Joeker396 donated $111.11. MARY and I like the ones. Make it rain. DaredevilKB donated $25, thank you Daredevil, love your show on Netflix. Zern donated $30, thank you Zern, that's amazing. 7bitRyan donated $50 and there are many comments here about Lyra and Aldor storytelling, which I think will haunt the party for quite some time. FELICIA and Kariduck donated $25, thank you Kariduck, and MZV5005 donated $25, thank you guys so much for your donations for 826. It's astronomical, your support for the show and everything you guys do. Also a big thank-you to our fantastic artist Kit Buss for knocking out some fantastic profile art! You guys should tweet out your portraits. You can see it. Nice. HeroClix is fun. By the way, I would watch that movie in a second. I'm just saying. (hoarsely) Disadvantage. Yes, continue Critmas. Once again, I'm gonna reiterate it. The outpouring of this fantastic community, what you guys do for each other, the support you guys have in playing together and supporting each other is incredible and I-- every week we're perpetually blown away and feeling unworthy for all the gifts you send, and it's amazing. And it is appreciated, you helped decorate both the set and our living spaces now with all these amazing gifts, so we can see and be reminded of you guys all the time. So thank you again, so much, for all your incredible gifts. I love-- I can't get over Grog's cask of ale that's just. I know. So sweet. Hey congratulations chat room, by the way, for choosing the contract tonight, adult white dragon was definitely the tougher of the selections. There were only a few requests. All right, guys, real fast we'll get to these gifts here--, we have a few gifts to open for the group here, from a Vincent Langolas. Open this. Oh yeah! So, guys, for those who don't know, Vincent has been-- --progressively pumping out amazing episodic fanfiction of Vox Machina, and sending us all of it, the stories are really really awesome. If you are inclined to, I recommend if you haven't already put them online, then share them with the rest of the Critter community, they're really awesome. Oh, awesome. Well, I have Vax and Vex's copies here, I'll get these both to you, Liam, to handle there. I'll hold on to Pike's, Ashley's currently absent, but we'll-- Actually, why don't you hand these out, if you could, thank you so much. This is the next chapter in the One Dwarf Too Many saga. One Dwarf Too Many. That is awesome. All right, so from Joe, aka jockguy89 to Matt Mercer, "Epic dungeon master "needs an epic d20." Oh, oh I get my own flashing d20 now. I've seen these, I've seen these, I wanted one. This is one that if it lands on a 20, it flashes a bunch of LEDs on the inside. It's like this red glow beneath the shield, I just kinda look up silently. It's going to be great. Thank you so much, Joe, that's really really sweet. I'm going to use that. Here we have a letter. All right, Sir Drey, about 21 hours ago, block. "Hello there, Critical Role, my "name is Drey, and my friends and I have created our own Pathfinder D&D group after religiously "watching the show every Thursday." Awesome! "We used Tabletop in which I purchased a battlemap, "but we have really old metal figurines, I was wondering if by chance you could point us in the "direction of where to get better figurines? I've checked Amazon and a few other comic stores and "couldn't find any miniatures. It'd be really a big help if you could point me in the right direction. "I know you might not answer back due to busy schedules, but thank you guys for putting on the "show and entertaining us Critters. Sincerely, Drey." Thank you, Drey. A lot of these minis come from-- if you can't find it at comic stores nearby there's good websites like Miniature, I think it's Miniature Market. There is--Troll and Toad is one of my mainstays, Troll and Toad has a good selection of minis you can order. eBay is also a good source. Hero Forge, you can customize your own character minis, which is really great, and have them 3D printed out for you. And then, there is.... You can order on Amazon some of the packs of D&D figures. You don't know what's in there, it's one of those kinda you know surprise figure boxes, which is kinda fun in itself. I've bought way too many of those. But you can find those on Amazon, usually. Just look for Dungeons and Dragons miniature boxes and Pathfinder boxes as well, they have a whole slew of that, so. Those would be your best bets. Apparently. Oh, what? All right. "Matt, can read on air." And then I can read that off the air. That's the private conversation. Here we go, this is filled with money! No, it's not. It's my favorite fan. I want to take a moment to say, I appreciate that most of our letters we get are hand-written, and that is such a rarity these days and it kinda makes this little archaic happiness in my heart sprout. So, "Matt, so far from my experience, DMs typically have a ton of dice, so I thought why not "make a little bug to help with the struggle." Bag! Bag to help with the struggle. Oh. Read that 'bug'. I'm also bad at writing hand, reading handwriting. I love handwritten letters, I'm just terrible at them, I apologize. Right, or just like a whole bunch of roaches start pouring out, I'm like, this was a great idea. (screams) "I made one for everyone but started to run out of materials and only sent this "one out. Hope you enjoy the candy inside." Ooh. "Let's really hope it doesn't melt. Sorry if it "does. Rebecca Christian." Thank you so much, Rebecca! That's really sweet. What did Rebecca-- Oh! That is-- that is a chainmail dice bag. That says DM on it in gold chains. (cheering) It's full of coins. Let's share some gold coins. (cheering) There you go. Sam! There you go. Also acts as a bag protector. Thank you. Oh my god, you guys are so sweet, thank you so much. That's awesome. And then did we find out who these are for? Ryan? Ryan? Did you find out who these are for? Jpcguy! Awesome, thank you so much! We got two sets of elven dice to distribute here amongst the party. Oh, these are really cool. Awesome. Thank you so much, that's amazing. The dice pool we've slowly gathered over this time. So, not to worry. Yeah? I don't know who those are but I'm so happy for you! These are awesome dice. Thank you guys again so much for supporting Gamechanger and our charities and our show and everything you guys do, it's truly-- I've never been progressively and continuously moved by a community like this, and you guys make this so special, so thank you. I know. Oh man. I have to say, like, for your first time playing Dungeons and Dragons, can I just say Mary picked that up quick. (cheering) Tiberius back, sitting in the background with Bad News. He's not even in the group, but he still can't take it. Thank you guys so much, again, and I'm excited. I had Greg Tito from Wizards of the Coast, Dungeons and Dragons, send a care package, which we'll distribute once we've got the whole group together again. With a bunch of fun little gifts for the Critters that we want to give away in the future, some gifts for you guys in the group, and a bunch of really really cool minis that I get to try and kill you guys with in the future, so thank you very much, Greg Tito. And everyone at D&D for sending us that care package, you have officially helped facilitate a TPK at some point in the near future. Obviously. My little DM bag. I love it. Thank you so much, buddy. Happy birthday, Joe! Shut up, Nightcrawler. Well guys, thank you so much again, I think we're pretty much good for the evening, so we'll see you guys next week Thursday. Yeah, you guys are fucked. Good night guys, good night.