The western one. The western gate, the western gate! "The western gate!" (laughing) "Right, right, I'll let him know." And he just leaves. Doesn't even touch the door, he just bolts out the back. (laughing) Okay, you gonna hold off? That is... 83 damage to them. And if I look at the sheets here. Nope, just pushes them. Okay, that's, and then that does... 14 points of damage. Landing on the other ones. It's awful. Looking down there would be terrible right now. That hits. Let's go ahead and roll damage on that one. Uh, that's... 13 points of piercing damage? 13 points of piercing damage. Uh, yeah, I'll say. The next time I hit a creature with a ranged weapon, I rolled a 27. Yeah, so right now, you're aiming at them all in the hole. From your perspective, they're gonna have three-quarters cover. So that-- I just need to hit the one that's closest to the top. Right, what's your total roll on that? 27. 27? Yeah, even with the three-quarters cover, that'll still hit. Okay. So go ahead and roll damage on that. Is everyone still standing, by the way? No. Both the ones that were standing got pushed into the hole by gun blasts from behind. Shoved into the large, open chasm beneath them. 26 damage. Oh, I'm dead! That's when I roll a natural one. That would be when I do it. Brilliant. 29 hits. 29, yep. Okay, good one. All right... Okay, yeah. Usually, your bonus action, you've already used your turn to hold your action. But as he goes forward, the dagger sinks right into his sternum and he kind of... (grunts) and, still using his momentum, goes forward. As you're dragging it, it's gonna go two strikes against you. Uh... 13. Make an intimidation check. (laughing) I mean, the area where they are, as you glance back? Yeah, there doesn't appear to be any current set. Whoever was set to go to that side of the gate to check it out-- (sneezes) Sorry, what did you get? It's pretty quick, it's pretty easy, it would be like an action. What do you want to do? I'd like to use my mace. Which I'll allow because he's not defending anything, it's just like a bonus action. I say go for it. Advantage on the attack. OK, 16. 16 hits. Because it is a melee against a currently paralyzed individual, it is considered a critical hit. Nice! 18. So double the dice. And then add the bonus on top of it. 23. 23, nice. So as you pull the whip out with one hand, you crack the mace right into the face of the halfling. To the point where you hit and you have to kind of like get the elbow lift to pull it free. (laughter) Face is kinda caving a little bit, Ninja Scroll style. And he's kind of like twitching. Still conscious. No, that's awful make it unconscious. So you get 20, that hits. Go ahead and roll damage. And it's a critical hit. One d8, so it's two d8 plus three. It's one d6 sonic damage, which is also doubled. Do I roll twice, or do I just-- Not double this. You roll- Twice, you roll two d8. The sonic damage. Okay, 21 points of damage. As you fumble the blade and cover your eyes as you pull back the blade, the slight humming sound (hums), the blade actually kind of vibrates in place and as you thrust forward, it goes through like butter with a heated blade. You know, you think you missed, then you open and peek through your eyes and see that you went straight though his face. (laughter) Like you hit nothing. The face, the skull? You can if you want to. I'll check the elf. Yeah. Where the noise came from. As the elf who continues to walk forward with you is back. You good? Hmm? (laughter) I got a two. Oh no! (laughter) You've used dimension door twice now today. That's the third. As you guys are bickering... Go backwards? Away from them. 34'ed up? All right, and you backed around the way. They step in and begin to kind of split up a little bit. You come back around, and you can head back to the thoroughfare, and continue to follow or find them up on the roof. What are you going to do? I'm going to follow, so I can try to see Grog, but stay hidden. So you're going to head back onto the road and duck between alleyways on your own? Okay, so you can do that way, kind of essentially, tracking back around as they entered, and pass them as they're spreading out into the alleyways. Most of you guys are up on the roof now. And Keyleth, you just kind of watch them as they move past and eventually just kind of (imitates wind), behind them. Where do you want to go? What? They've moved past you, yeah, they did not notice. Make a perception check. All righty, so... LAURA and Yes, they are. You guys are watching this happen. Yep, pretty much. (laughter) All right, so where are you guys right now? You're watching this happen from a distant rooftop, right at the edge. Right, so you are currently in elemental form. Kind I kind of attempt to actually get on the roof? Over there? If you want to, it's going to be... This isn't a mist form, this is your air elemental form. Or yeah, air elemental form. But I can move through things. Right, so you want to just glide into like, part of the stonework over here, or... So, whereabouts are you guys at this moment? Just give me some inclination. Keyleth is over there, keeping relatively hidden, as an air elemental, I need you to make a stealth check as part of that, see if you're noticed. Natural 20. That I like. Figure out where you're hiding. Are we coming from behind there or from this side? So you'll be kind of up in this-- Over there. There is. I'm going to put this off to the side there, if you'd like to maneuver in this area as well. For those who want to be on this side. Who wants to be up there with Vex? All right. You, as Kevdak takes on a large form, the blood ax swelling with his size, gets into a combat position and he says, "Show me what you've learned, Strongjaw." You're going first, you beat him on initiative. Go for it. All right, so that's your action on that. So what's the DC on that one? And what's the save? Yeah, okay. So as you glare, how do you go about this glare, what do you do to intimidate him? I go into a rage. And with my flaming war hammer, I grab the end of the hammer and let it cook my flesh for a minute and then I smack myself on the chest and rip out the biggest bellow I have. As you do, Kevdak goes to take a step forward, takes the single step, hesitates, seems to just hold his ground. Eyeing you down and seemingly not expecting this ferocity. All righty, that's your action and your bonus. Are you going to move, or are you going to stay where you are? There are no openings in the ring, right? Okay. Technically the rage is the bonus action, but you can shout that for free. Yeah, that's fine. All right, so for Kevdak's turn, Kevdak kind of realizing that he can't, he's not able to really move closer at this moment, kind of steps to the side here, guarding, kind of waiting... Yeah, he's going to go ahead and take a bonus action to go into his own rage. I just had to try and make it work at least once. You're up Grog. Raging. I'll go into a frenzied rage and I charge headlong into Kevdak with my firebrand war hammer. He's backed up against the edge of one of the openings, but if you want to go from here... But there's large point-ies behind him right? What's the range on that? But I believe that ends your turn, unless you want to move? Nope, no moving. Make a stealth check. How are you getting down? Are you climbing down via acrobatics? So make a stealth and acrobatics check. 29 for stealth. And 25 for acrobatics. Okay. You manage to make it to the ground. Kind of jumping off the side, parkouring down, grabbing the next ledge, leaping down. That's your turn. Okay, anybody else doing anything? Until we come back in the next round? Sure, you come to the door and the door itself is not locked, you kind of just push on the side of the door. Everyone's attention is so focused on the center. All right. So that brings it to the top of the round, Grog, you're up. Feeling the impact of those hits, and remembering our first encounter, I drop the firebrand war hammer, I rush Kevdak, and I want to try and rip away the blood ax. Okay. You rush up and drop the hammer. Grab and you're face to face, it's right at your feet, you reach up and grab, with your fingers just barely wrapped around this ax's shaft right now, at the size that it's swollen, and you pull against him, I want you to go ahead and make a strength check. Yeah, versus his strength, which he gets advantage on. 17. Natural 20. Why don't you make an athletics check. Yes, you do, because of the rage. 19. 19, well, 22. He puts the ax to one hand, reaches down with his large mitt, grabs you and lifts you up and pushes you onto one of the spears behind you. You can feel it actually pierce out the front of your chest. (group groans) About six inches. Your feet are still on the ground, and you can feel yourself there, but there is an element of being pinned there. You take 12 points of piercing damage, reduced to six. This is nothing to a barbarian, simple piercing, whatever. However you are technically considered, this would be grappled, you're unable to move until you manage to break this. You can still attack from this position if you wanted to, but you have to be able to try and spend an action to get free. So that's going to be the one attack, and then as your pinned, he's going to come up with the blood ax and swing down. That's going to be a 23 against you. Blood ax comes down and slams right into the front of your chest, the sternum area, even with the weight of it, you bring your hands up and grab the edge of it and manage to stop some of the force, but it still digs into the front of your chest. You take 19 points of slashing damage, reduced to 9. I release Trinket inside the house that I'm in. What are you doing? I release Trinket, quietly, inside the house. And tell him to keep quiet. Don't follow me. Okay. Anyone else do anything else? Yeah. Would that be at disadvantage? Okay, so using an action to break free. Yeah. 23? There's not a lot of ground to pull yourself off of the weight, so instead, with your feet on the ground, you reach forward and grab the front of his blood ax again and pull forward. And as you do, you feel the back of this wooden spear, snap off and it's still just embedded in your chest, poking out the front, but you are now free, you still have your bonus action. I would like to use great weapon master and I have advantage on this because he used reckless. It faded, it only lasts for ten minutes. 23. Okay, so you shift around that way? Okay, with his turn now, he spins around to face you. He's going to go ahead and attempt his first attack on you, as a disarming attack. With advantage on that because, just going with this attack every round. That's going to be a 30. With rage is it strength ability checks and saving throws? Advantage on strength check and strength saving throws. 13. No, no, no 16. All righty. So you take from the actual blow, 21 points of slashing damage, reduced to ten. And five necrotic. I'm going to use my Stone's Endurance. It's already on your side actually. He disarmed you. No, not my arms. No, we're taking photos. I'm leaving this here for next week. So we can have this up and ready for us to jump back in. If you guys want to keep going, we can go to midnight on, it's up to you. But it's a Thursday night. Yeah, that's rough. Where are you at hit points wise? 133. I've got four. (laughter) Not really. Where does the other totem shine? In damage dealing, probably? Frenzy's all about damage and that's what Grog's playing. Anyway guys, we'll pick this up next week at whatever this is about to be, and I have no idea what this is about to be. With cameras and stuff though, we'll have cameras and stuff here. Yeah, hopefully functional cameras.