Welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of nerdy-ass voice actors and awesome writing guest play Dungeons and Dragons. Before we get into the chaos for tonight's episode, let's go ahead and knock through our announcements. First and foremost, tonight's episode is brought to you by Magic Puzzle Quest. (all cheer) It was written "Magic" on here. Marvel Puzzle Quest. Yay! Marvel Puzzle Quest, our sponsor for tonight. Sam, you had a few words? Thank you, Sam. Thank you very much, not Magic, but Marvel Puzzle Quest, for being our awesome sponsor tonight. Check out their stuff. All right, also, Marisha, do you want to talk a bit about the promo code? It's our crazy little aftershow. We have silly discussions, answer community questions, and generally just hang out and make fools of ourselves for your entertainment. Laura, Travis, me, and Marisha once again will be guests at Anime Milwaukee next month. We'll be up there Friday through Sunday doing panels, signings, all kinds of chaos. Come see us, come say hi. Bring things we'll sign them. Bring questions and we'll answer them. Bring handshakes and we'll touch them. February 17th through the 19th. Yes. Sorry, I'm going off what I have. And merchandise, Laura. Don't give them to your cats. For context, Socks Machina was a joke of ours over a year ago, and now it's happening. Perfect. All righty. And last but not least, we have International Tabletop Day coming up April 29th, where we here are going to be celebrating everything tabletop. We'll have more announcements as the week gets closer and closer to it, but we're excited for it. A bunch of us, if not all of us, are going to be involved in some way or another, and just keep an eye out for announcements as they roll out. So mark it on your calendar. April 29th. I think that's it, if anyone has anything else they want to announce? PVP Renfaire adventure. For Honor. That's awesome, cool. Anything else? All right. Then let's go ahead and jump into tonight's episode of Critical Role. [INTRO] Anyway. Bringing us into tonight's episode, leading up to where we are currently in the story Vox Machina, having spent a period of time battling with the Chroma Conclave, a collection of evil and allied chromatic dragons that terrorized the Tal'Dorei countryside, have acquired artifacts called the Vestiges of Divergence. After traversing the planes and locations to gather allies, they made war on the current occupying armies of Thordak the Cinder King in the center of the capital city of Emon, managed to eke out a victory, destroying Thordak, and apparently go into battle with a dragon they'd made an alliance with, known as Raishan, the Diseased Deceiver, a member of the Conclave with which they had a very tenuous agreement to work together. After being nearly killed by Raishan as she flew the coop, essentially, you managed to collect the remaining armies of the city, made sure everyone was okay. You ran into an old friend from Westruun, Kerrek, who had brought a number of his able-bodied warriors with him to aid in this battle. You then made your way to Whitestone with Kerrek to ascertain the location of Raishan, the Diseased Deceiver, of which apparently she had absconded to what's called the island of Viskon. It used to belong to a necromancer and then briefly became the lair of Thordak the Cinder King before his original attack on Tal'Dorei roughly 16 years ago. You then gathered your weapons, your armor, and your reserve strength, and with a couple of allies traversed through teleportation all the way to this island, managed to battle your way through a deep dungeon that once this necromancer called home, going past traps and chasms filled with undead, and gravity reversed through magical means. You made your way into a small tunnel just past this area into what seemed to split into two sides. Behind that, what appeared to be the necromancer's sanctum, some sort of necrotic laboratory, where you discovered there within two of the eggs of Thordak's lair that were taken by Raishan, the corpse of Thordak, folded in the corner, and apparently Raishan's female human form, currently poring through books and rummaging through what currently appears to be the relatively untouched necropolis chamber. So, last we left off, the two twins had snuck ahead to take a look and take in the information of this vicinity, while the rest of the party began to slowly approach from behind. As the rest of the party is coming behind, I would like everybody else to make a stealth check, please. I don't believe you cast it. Did you? You've lost concentration since then. Great. She has disadvantage because of her armor. Roll again. Well, no, she put on the elven boots, didn't she? That's right. So yeah, roll again. Four. One step. 30? You guys are still on the same stealth roll as last time. You're fine. Grog? 13. Trinket's still in your necklace. He is. All right, so. As you guys turn the corner on the right side of this hallway, you saw this laboratory filled with bookshelves, chains, candelabras on the walls, a large door across the back wall. There are two pillars in the center of the room that are strewn with various magical engravings. You see this bunch of books scattered across the ground, pulled out of the bookcase, and there's one that's opened against this book-holding platform. You see two cages in the back of each corner that seem to contain some sort of slumped corpse or body of some kind. It's hard to see in the low light of this room because the only light you're getting is from the candelabras in the space. There you see the woman with long, dark green hair, silverish pale skin, robes, piercing eyes of yellow and emerald. As the rest of your party catches up from behind you with the ever-so-subtle sounds of metallic footfalls and plated armor against plated armor, the female figure seems unfazed by it and just continues to turn a page and grab another book. Takes a book and reads a passage of it and throws it off in the corner. There's a pause before the female figure stops, and still facing away, begins to speak out into the air of the room. "Well, you certainly proved quicker than I anticipated, "but I unfortunately have business here, and I would kindly ask you all to leave. "The Conclave has served its purpose, as you have served yours. "We have nothing more to discuss." Turns another page of the book and continues facing away. Sure, make a perception check. Okay. Glancing about, even with your low-light vision, the halls here are roughly 20 to 25 feet wide and about as much in height as well, 25 to 30 feet tall, carved arches. You don't see any other alcoves or hidden spaces. It appears to be just this figure in this room amongst the rotting corpse of Thordak and the two eggs tossed to the side. Right. Correct, okay. So as you hear these words echoing through the hallway around you, the rest of the group, the tension rising. You watch as just through a quick glance, each ally in the room, their bodies just instinctually tighten, their muscles getting ready for anything at this point in time. You close your eyes and focus on the presence around you. You do not sense anything. No celestials, no fiends, no undead. They're still this far back, nobody has-- this is where you guys stopped upon the discussion happening, so the twins are still up ahead. The rest of the party is halfway through this unit here. The actual chasm ends over on this side here, and this is the entranceway with the fountain you had discovered. That's about as close to middle as she can get right now. What's the range on Beacon of Hope? 30 feet. All right. So that would get... that would be everybody. Everybody is currently under the effect of Beacon of Hope. Is it a perpetual radius of her, or does it affect each person at the time of casting? Okay. Yes, that's correct. All of you guys have this effect on you as long as she maintains concentration. So keep tabs on maximum healing and wisdom saves and death saves. Okay. In the time it's taken you guys to deliberate and discuss this, and the long awkward pause that's transpired after Raishan said the previous thing she did, her voice picks up once again and says, "Whereabouts is your brass pet?" No response. You can get there. Right there, yeah. There? All righty. "I did, actually. I discovered Thordak's original intent. "Before the soul anchor drove him insane and he lost sight of his purpose. "Well, it appears that it holds the same answer "that I've been seeking as well. So. In a word yes." "Perhaps." Still facing away, you see the shoulders shift with a chuckle. "I would not dare touch such a piece. It is far too dangerous. "The soul gem is destroyed. It is of no use to me." Around this way? Okay, have Trinket roll a stealth check, if you could. Being a big bear. To how far? Okay. Currently, you are in a space to get three people in your area. You could either move forward with them, or if you wish to push forward on your own, you are currently not visible. Okay. Kima is going to follow along with Grog and Trinket. Allura feels the lack of magical force on this side, is going to follow up behind you guys as well. Even with her hood up, she gives you a glance like-- Well, of course I am, that's part of the reason. Scanlan? The dog hops out. I'll use this badger for the time being. I couldn't find an actual dog figure. It still works fine! Okay. All right. At this point, the air itself is still very still, and the closer you get to this as you approach, the smell of decay is as overwhelming as it was in the chasm that you crossed before. Raishan continues to speak and says, "You may also come to notice a curiosity about this island "that explains a lot of the legends around it. "Sadly, the pressures of time left me forgetting until I arrived, "which has limited my options. "I had only used the glyph once before, years ago, but... it is as it is. "So I ask you once again we made a deal. "You rescinded on that deal and punishment was required. "You survive only by my grace "and your stubborn need to cling to your insignificant lives. "Regardless, I have what I sought now, "and I offer you this opportunity to leave freely. "Decline, and you choose your resting place here, "away from your loved ones, to be forgotten "and join the undying dregs of a long-passed madman's fancy." You bump into the shoulders-- Okay. So you step out of the shadows. Okay. You would be about there. Kima sneaks up behind you, Trinket follows up behind there, and Allura stays just to one side there. "Good. I'm glad I could enlighten and inspire in these final moments." "You know nothing about me, child. Nothing." She turns around for the first time to meet your eyes, and you can see the gleam of bright, sickly yellow and dark, deep emerald green for pupils as she turns with a slight smile just curling across her porcelain skin. "You've had my attention since you entered this place. "You aren't the subtlest of adventurers." "So what is it? You've come here to speak on your enlightenment and die? "Or do we wish to maintain the agreement we had, "go our own separate ways--" The dog looks around. "No." "That makes us even, then, does it not?" Okay. The book that she currently had in her hands closes in her grasp as her eyes don't flicker or shift or blink from your connection. She looks to you with her chin raised a bit. You act as though the laws of the anthill affect the foot that crushes it. You speak words of importance, but I've seen laws and people come and go, change, die, turn to dust and rise again. People kill neighbor. Families die from the inside and out. You see, I'm diseased, but look upon you. You insignificant creatures. You do more to your own people than I've done in an entire lifetime. "You are truly not intending to leave me be, are you?" "Well, that is such an unfortunate disposition on your part. "Interestingly enough--" And she thumbs a couple of pages in the next book, closes it, and throws it to the side. "My needs do happen to call for a handful of powerful magic-users. "And there are proper tools within these caverns to keep you in line. "So we shall call your foolishness kismet." Very well. Okay. What do you do? So as you guys are casting the spell and she's saying this, Raishan responds with, "I shall relish closing the final chapter "on your brief, pitiful tales, "and beginning a fresh, new chapter of my own." As you guys both mark, the spell has no effect, takes no root in the space. You maintain concentration, but nothing was marked. There is nothing there, physical. What are you doing? Aside from rolling initiative, which I think probably would be a good thing to do right now. So let's go ahead and roll initiative now. Correct. (laughs) So. Folks. Initiative tracking going down now. We have 25 to 20. 25, 24? 21. 22. All right. 20 to 15? Pike got eight. Keyleth, what did you get? Kerrek? Just dex bonus, correct. Okay. So we have... All righty. So. Top of the round, currently. Vax, what are you doing? You see nothing now. You just see the apparently not-physically-there humanoid form of Raishan, still standing on the opposite side. Two eggs here, and the corpse. Over here? Okay. Sure. Okay. Sure. The eggs have not taken a turn in the combat yet. Vax'ildan, the Egg Assassin. That hits. (trailer voice) Prepare to be scrambled. 18 hits. 14? Okay. First two. These eggs are caught unaware. Succeeds with a natural 17. I mean, it still takes the full sneak attack damage, and it is not poisoned. A total of...? So as you rush past, and careening around the corner, throwing these three daggers out to the side, the first one just smacks into the side, and the egg, which had already been previously damaged structure-wise by a somewhat resistant but still impactful burst of druidic magic energy in the previous conflict, the first dagger cuts through like a hot knife through butter, out the side of the egg. You watch as the shell on the other side just scatters, causing this splatter of some sort of thick liquid against the wall. The other two daggers, one just careens off to the side, the second one that does impact continues and causes the egg to actually crack and fold in on itself, causing it to leak out the side of the shell as it collapses in on itself somewhat. So that egg there I will mark as currently--Destroyed. There you go. That one is destroyed. All right. Does that end your turn? Okay. Next up is Vex. Make a perception check. 30. Glancing around you in the current space, that is definitively an illusion, and in fact the way it shimmers-- and you look at the books that it was using and messing with. While you were keeping more of an eye on the area, you notice now that the books that she dropped just vanished. It was all part of the illusion. Definitely not there, but you don't see anything around you that resembles a hidden or stealthed dragon-sized creature. What else would you like to do with your turn? Right here? Attack it? So you're holding your attack action in case something moves. Okay, cool. Percival. Still on this back wall here. Okay. That hits. All righty. The first shot hits. You see the front of the egg spider-crack inward, like how you shot in the Thordak battle, but the egg still holds firm. As you begin loading for your next shot, you watch as part of the egg begins to crack outward, like something's pushing out from the inside of the egg. 16 to hit? With its armor, that probably won't hit, unfortunately. The bullet ricochets off the outside of the hardened eggshell and just (ricochet sound). You destroyed the egg. You threw them all simultaneously at a single egg. Sure, buddy. Go for it. Do it. Ricochets off again. With the second shot, you tear the top half of the egg off. As it goes splattering to the side of it, you can watch as what looks to be some sort of a very, very young primordial dragon like the ones that you had yanked out of the eggs before that was trying to pull its way out of the egg, slumps lifelessly over the side of the egg you destroyed. That's awful. You've used all your action and your bonus action... What are you looking for? This center wall here? This would be an investigation check. 23. Glancing over across the way, best you can tell, the wall appears to be solid and is an actual, natural barrier in the cavern. So that ends your turn. At the end of Percy's turn, the human figure across the way with the dark green hair gives a deep bow. And then vanishes from the field. The dog turns around and faces this direction and starts barking. You just hear (heavy footsteps) and then suddenly (flapping wings), there's suddenly a torrent of wind blowing within the area as something is disturbing the air quite heavily. So that's that. That's going to be the end of Raishan's turn. Yeah. You all of a sudden hear the mastiff barking over and over again in this direction. But you don't see anything. A little bit. Scanlan, it's your turn. This is Vex. That's Pike. You can take your d12 inspiration. All righty. All right, so yeah, 20-foot radius... so you create this area here, and obscures it. So currently, this whole tunnel is just filled with fog. You have no vision beyond the outside of it, right where you are. It may. All right. That ends your turn, Scanlan? All right, Grog, your turn. Okay. You get right up to it, yeah. Yeah, you can hold it with two hands if you'd like. Yeah. All right, roll for it. Sure. You didn't need it, but go for it. Natural 20. (all laugh) How do you want to do this, Grog? As you leap in the air, using the momentum of your leap, you smash the dwarven thrower down onto the already partially-destroyed skull of Thordak's corpse, the skull immediately caving inward with the force of the blow. As it hits and curves inward, it releases this sudden burst of heavy ash into your face that fills your lungs and burns your eyes, and you cough. As you pull back, you try and wedge the hammer out, and as you do, you can see there is actual molten rock still dripping off the outside of the hammer. Any sort of general normal unenchanted metal would probably be slightly bowing or melting in the presence of such heat. It looks like even in its dead state after a day of rest, Thordak's corpse still maintained some sort of internal volcanic life as it slowly subsided, but the skull is destroyed. You see bits of the upper palate just scattered like bone chunks across the stonework of the floor, stopping at the outside of one of the cages. Thordak's head is thoroughly destroyed. But you're welcome to, if you'd like. Okay, how far can you leap? All right. Go for it. All right. So you (leaping sound). Not as far as you'd like, but that egg is staring you down. There is an unmoving baby dragon corpse that is-- you've got a date with your hammer. Go for it. (all laugh) Yeah, advantage. All your attacks are reckless, man. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage. Yeah. Plus an additional d8 because you threw it. It's part of the enchantment of the hammer. 26 total. The currently-lifeless limp corpse of this nearly-hatched primordial dragon-- whatever this new entity was through the merger of the power of the soul anchor in the fire elemental plane and Thordak, the ancient red dragon, this remaining dragonkin-- is turned into red oatmeal against the table and the stone wall behind it. Well done, Grog. You're good, all right. At the end of your turn-- Let's see here. Scanlan, you feel a strange, warm sensation in your chest-- Also at the end of your turn, Grog, or as soon as your turn ends, you hear this (undead inhale) strange sucking breath-like sound. (laughing) Make a perception check. Five. You are talking fervently at your hammer. "Please--" That'll do it. The time you're focusing on the hammer, you aren't paying attention to your surroundings until you just see the shadows coalescing closer to you than you expect, and by the time you look up, you watch as two black smoked, wraith-like entities that had slowly pulled themselves out of the two cages on the sides have shifted beside and lashed out at you. 19 to hit. They have advantage against you. I forgot. So 19 and the other hit is two and a 22. So both hit you. All righty. You suffer 21 points of necrotic damage from the first hit. And 20 points of necrotic damage, so a total of? 41 points of necrotic damage. I need you to make two constitution saving throws. You have advantage on wisdom. This is a constitution save. Hero's Feast isn't constitution, it's wisdom. You're at minus two to everything. And the second hit? All right. So your maximum hit points are also reduced by 41 as both of the wraiths drain the life force out of you, their claws rake through your body like it's nothing, and as they pull back, you feel the breath sucked from your lungs, and you instinctually cough for a second, almost stumbling to one knee, as both the wraiths chuckle at the side of your face. All righty. Kerr. You watched this happen. Over here, as well as seeing the fog cloud suddenly fill the opposite side of the cavern, and for a brief moment, you're-- you feel like you're a little bit out of your element, but you click in and your combat sense kicks in. What do you want to do? Yeah. You have five, ten, 15, 20, 25, you can get right-- you can go 30 and get right next to both of them, if you'd like. Up to you. Doesn't matter. Go for it. 25 hits. Go ahead and roll damage. This-- in your time, and you've come across quite a few undead creatures, based on what you've walked through in this endeavor? You-- while he did not see it, you watched these things rise out of the pile of corpses that are jammed at the bottom of each of these small cages. You have a pretty good sense that these are undead. Right. Divine Smite? All righty. So that is 2d8-- Undead, so plus 3d8 to your attack damage. Ooh. So as you rush in-- From your perspective, Keyleth, you watch as this flash of light, and from thin air you watch armored Kerrek just streak down with his glowing-headed warhammer, and slamming the side of this wraith-like entity. As it hits, you watch as the creature turns, the radiant energy just consuming part of its torso in the blast, and it shrieks out in pain as the radiant energy tends to burn the side of its undead form with a secondary flash as the divine energy bursts outward. That-- you watched the wraith go from eager and smooth to looking like it's shimmering in place and its form is starting to shake and hold itself present. Same one? All right, go for it. On the first strike you would've, yes. 17 still hits. Go for it. So weapon damage plus 3d8. 29. Yeah, it's actually the ability of the weapon. Okay, so. Nice. As the second strike, using the momentum of the first swing, you pull back and backhand it right in the face. As it cuts clean through with no resistance, the wraith seems to scatter, and the shadow reforms in the space it was, but barely. It's like-- You're watching as part of it is flickering and bits of shadow are dripping and disappearing into the stonework behind, and its original kind of chuckling evil hungry visage is now this fearful "oh shit" look on its spectral, skeletal face. That got weird. Really terrible. That ends Kerrek's turn-- Yeah, they're still in effect. You have three things you could attune to, and so-- While the ring is no longer invisible and-- That's out for a while, but the cloak is still in effect, and your hammer is still in effect. Yeah, yeah. Well, in this circumstance, since you're no longer, since you are visible for the foreseeable future, it won't make any difference. But if you were invisible, the invisibility would take over, they'd have disadvantage against attacking you anyway, but they'd have to know where you were to even try and make an attack, is how it would work. Okay. So ending Kerr's turn... Pike feels-- A warm sensation within her chest, a familiar one. Let's see here. So that's Kima's turn. Kima's currently seeing these wraith- like entities start rushing into the room. One two three four five... She-- -- movement-wise can't quite get all the way up to where they are now, but she gets her hammer at the ready, and Kima's going to go ahead and... let's see. She's going to go ahead and cast Crusader's Mantle on herself. Crusader's Mantle is the ability. While she maintains concentration on it-- actually, you know what? No, I take that back. She's going to cast Aura of Vitality, which means she can use her bonus action to heal an ally within 30 feet for 2d6 damage. Um, so she casts that on herself. She's going to-- seeing you damaged, Grog-- -- she's going to use her bonus action to attempt to heal you 2d6, however, your maximum hit points have been lowered, so it has no effect on you, and she realizes this as she reaches out and, "Grog!" This bit of divine energy streaks from her hand, hits you, and seems to just peter out on impact. "Shit." And she steels herself with her weapon, getting ready for the next round of onslaught. Finishing Kima's turn, it is now Allura's turn. Okay. Yes? You can't really see from your perspective this far away. For the sake of paying attention, go ahead and make a perception check. 11. It's hard to tell in the low light from the candelabra. It does look like, from the view here, there's at least two corpses in one of the cages. Like a pile. There's one that's slumped forward, but you can see more than two legs. All right, so for Allura's turn she is going to-- --walk away from this area, Kima's got this, she steps over to this side, knowing that with the dog barking off to the side, that's definitely a sign that the dragon's coming from this direction. She pulls her hood back and she will cast-- she's actually going to hold her action. She's going to begin casting-- what would be a good one for this one? She's going to begin casting Disintegrate once something attempts to move by. She's going to hold that as an action. All right, that brings us to Pike's turn. She's putting it where? There? All righty. Radiant sword appears in the center of the air. Right behind you, yeah. Here? Okay. So it's now a very bright-- -- area here now in the center of the hallway. All righty. That ends Pike's turn. Keyleth, you're up. This wall here? Other way. Go for it. 21, okay. You can see the fog cloud, there is a heavy swirling in the cloud. Looks like the fog, which is stationary because the magical effect of the spell creates it within a vicinity, the fog itself is (whooshing noises). And occasionally you see what looks to be almost a big gust rapidly right at the outskirts of it. Okay. As you step out of the way, coming towards the fog cloud, you focus it and you begin to bring your fingers across to deliver the incantation of Faerie Fire, and you watch a sudden slow blue spark of energy from inside the fog cloud. Just within, so it's like a little firework in a cloud, and when it happens, your spell fizzles at the tip of your fingers. That brings us to the top of the round-- Vax, you're up. Correct, there are two of them flanking him currently. This one? All right. He attacked one, one is untouched, one is flickering. Okay. 31 hits. Same one? The damaged one? Yeah, you can roll damage. Yeah. It screams as its shadowed form is sent to join the rest of the shadows in the room, unmoving, cold, and without life or undeath. Go for it. 18 hits. Vex, you're up next, by the way. Also hits. 18 damage. Eight damage? Eight damage for the second one, without the attack modifier, right? So you don't add your dex, you don't add your dex bonus for the offhand attack. Okay. Okay. So both of the daggers, after destroying the one, slam into it, and the magical effect of them manages to cause the form to shimmer slightly with the impact as the daggers pass through and then vanish on the opposite side of the room, returning to your side. The creature seems to have taken a few hits, but it's still strong and still swirling around Grog as Grog's trying to find a way to get a bead on it so he can smack it with the hammer. Right there? Cool. All right. Vex, you're up. Make a perception check. You can see within the fog, as difficult as it is, a winged form swirling in there. So you can make your attacks, it's still at a disadvantage because it's invisible, but you can actually attack her right now, yes. Okay. Okay. Before you do that, you still have Hunter's Mark up. It's concentration. You can, technically, yeah. It's still up. It's concentration, you just have to choose another target, use your bonus action to shift it over. Eventually, once you have a bead on where she is, yes. So now you can take your attack. Go for it. Rolling with disadvantage, right? 26, uh. 26 hits, yeah. It hits. All right, so go ahead and roll damage. And then let me know what the saving throw is. All right. Well, first a concentration check. She succeeds, yeah, okay. And then what's the-- That is a nine. She is. You hear a (growl and impact). (All yell and cheer.) Okay, go for it. Invisible gives you disadvantage, but because she is currently restrained, that gives you advantage, so it's just a straight roll. That hits. What's the total damage? 18. Okay. She maintains concentration. So for the purposes of the spell... Roll 5d8. Yep. 18. You fire the arrow, but you still hear thrashing about. It does not seem to be-- All right. That ends-- Duck around this corner here? That's as far as you can get right there. There? Yeah, like mite. All right, cool. That ends your turn. Percy, you're up. You're over here watching the egg off in the distance, and you watch her fire a couple arrows and then rush around the corner, and you hear the slam into the ground. Though you can see the fog moving around and there's thrashing. If you wanted to try and attack something, you'd have to roll a perception check. Okay, go for it. 25, you can just make out the outline of a form thrashing within the fog cloud, so yes, I would allow you to take attacks, with disadvantage. Okay. (laughs) Okay. Okay. All right. 21? Vanishes into the mist. Does not seem to have made an impact. 29 does hit. That's with disadvantage? Oh, gotcha. Then yeah, that does hit. Okay, then. Right, so you would've had... so it would've been just a straight attack. Good call, thank you. Just roll damage and then pump 6d6 lightning damage from your cloak into the hit. Okay. Okay. Nice, that's a total of 54 points of damage. She still makes her save for her maintaining concentration. Dragons have really high constitution. Dragons have high constitution. It's plus 14 modifier. You can move, from where you were? No, that's as far as you can go, unfortunately, yeah. All right. As you finish your turn, you watch as the fog shifts and you hear (footsteps) and a voice retorts out, "Not as down and not as vulnerable as you think." Backs up into the fog. You just barely see, Scanlan, as it steps away, this form vanish into-- well, you said you were holding your action for something? That's right, that's right. So you watch the figure back away into the fog ever-so-slightly going (soft chanting). Hm? Well, she can't move anywhere, because she's restrained. Correct. She can't move. She's still restrained. For the item, what does it say? Is it a saving throw at the end of the turn, or is it has to use an action to break free? I know, but I haven't looked at it in a while. Okay, cool. So. So yes. Okay, that's fine, she still rolled poorly for that one. As the face pulls back into the mist, you feel this shaking within the room as the ceilings of the cavern begin to shift and form into what appear to be small rifts. You hear the sound of rocketing stone and flame being pulled from a realm or plane beyond the material-- One... two... Actually, it would be two... three... four. All of you. Yep, everybody got hit. So. I need everybody... Go ahead and make a dexterity saving throw, please. Who, Kima? Kima has her own aura, thankfully. She's a paladin as well. So it's ten feet, you guys are not close enough to affect each other, no. So you do not get to receive each other's bonus, unfortunately. All right. So. Scanlan. (laughs) Eight. Okay. You suffer... that's 118 points of damage. (Incredulous laughter.) It's 20d6 fire damage and 20d6 bludgeoning damage, and half as much on half. So yeah, so that's 118 points-- You do. He's a hardy little gnome, man. Percy. 18. You suffer 118 points of damage. Still suffer it. No. No, the only thing she dispelled was a single specific effect, which was the Hero's Feast. You have to pick a singular effect. Yeah. And Raishan is well aware that you guys prepare with a Hero's Feast. Keyleth. 24. You suffer 59 points of damage. 59 points. Oof. Kima is already down, unconscious. Sorry, Allura is down, Kima is still up. Kerrek. She never saw something come through. So that-- Not so much. Six. Kerrek, you suffer 118 points of damage. Kerrek is unconscious. All right. Next up is-- So zero damage to Vax. 22, you suffer 59 points of damage. The DC is 22 for the spell. Yes? What's it say for Cabal? So Trinket takes... So Trinket failed the save, Trinket would actually take 85 points of damage. Yes, he was. He was over here. No, he'd have to be pretty far to be further than 100 feet from you. Grog? 11. You take 118 points of damage. You know what? I believe you do, yes. So you actually suffer the same, eighty-- 85. Pike takes 118 points of damage. Right, so that's true. So she takes 87 points of damage. Yes, it does. Which, it's a ninth-level spell. The cloak holds six charges. However, as you absorb the spell, the cloak flares out and actually grows an additional six inches in length. The inside begins to sparkle with electric energy as it pulls one of the meteors into the cloak itself. It arcs inward and vanishes into the side. It bursts behind you, and the damage is taken, but the cloak now is shimmering with a very vibrant but continuous spark of arcane energy. Pass this over, please. The damage is still halved, yeah. So you took a total of 59 points of damage. It's a full paragraph descriptor of it on the actual item. Yes you do. All right. Now, Raishan, trying-- so by the way, I don't think it's possible for you to have spells up to even make the concentration saving throw on this, because of the sheer amount of damage you took. Make a concentration saving throw, Percy? Yeah, Kima lost hers. Pike-- roll a constitution saving throw for Pike. Yeah, so your-- Your Hex is gone. You didn't take any damage, so you're fine. You haven't tagged her with it yet, but you've still got it up. What was Pike's saving throw? All right, so yeah, her spell is gone as well. And Vex, I need you to make your concentration saving throw. Constitution. Lose your Hunter's Mark as well. All righty. And Raishan's going to make a strength saving throw-- That is a 19, so she is no longer restrained. Oh, the dog got hit. As the impact hits you and you're like-- It won't even matter. The dog takes enough damage to immediately revert back to the onyx figure that it was, but the impact sends it careening through the room like a pinball. (explosion) All righty. So, ending Raishan's turn. Scanlan, you're up. Kerrek is way back here, so he's about 100 feet from you. Yes, roughly. Allura's down, and everyone around you is pretty-- Allura is right over here, so yeah, you can see Allura. Kerrek. Everyone else seems to still be standing. The one wraith that was there... yes, actually, that wraith was destroyed. Thank you for the reminder. The other one just got destroyed by the Meteor Swarm. Yeah. It is just-- the room already had old carnage on it, now it has new carnage. It looks kind of like the Butcher in Diablo I, when you get to his room and it's just covered. All right. So, Scanlan, what are you doing? Okay, you'll have to get a little closer if you're doing-- is it 30 or 60 feet for your-- 30? So you'll have to be a little closer. Okay. As you pull back-- Yeah, high five you with the claw. Raishan takes an attack of opportunity on you, her invisible form right at the edge of that fog cloud. Oh, that is a 15. That's up to you. That's your reaction. Roll a d12. That reduces it to 13. So you hear this voice go, "Wait, who?" (all laugh) Okay. (singing) "You were only waiting to get up and cast a spell." Yes, you roll for that. d4 plus six. All right. She is at ten hit points. Conscious. Allura now (gasps). "Oh dear." (nervous laugh) You do. Correct, yeah. It was right at the cusp of the fog. Kind of, yeah. If you want to. What're you doing? Okay! Right at the outside of the radius? Where the dragon is? Yeah, but it's right, it's right at the cusp of where you saw the dragon's form moving. Okay. And so at level six? So for that-- and you're using the punching? All righty. So go ahead and roll a d20, adding your spell attack modifier. 13, no, that misses. It's still a roll, it's fine. So the fist-- whoosh-- into the fog, just manages to move past the form, does not actually hit the side of it. Does not hit balls either. But Bigby's fist is up and around. All right, that ends your turn. Yeah, that's still around. When it comes to Pike's turn, Pike can still do that. Good looking out. That's going to be the end of your turn. Raishan is going to use two legendary actions to-- Four per turn. Is going to go ahead and cast Disintegrate at Pike. I'm taking a picture of it right now. I'm checking to make sure this is how the spell works. This is going to be really funny. Don't blind me, I'm trying to help. Oh, has to make a dexterity saving throw, so that roll wouldn't matter. I rolled a one, but it doesn't matter because it's not an attack. Dexterity saving throw on Pike, please. Total 14? That's not enough. Uh, you know what? Actually, Allura is conscious on the ground. Allura is going to attempt to counterspell that. That is a sixth-level spell. 'Cause Allura's going to try and get that out at the last minute. So. Okay, fourth or higher... DC equals 10 plus the spell level. Allura's spell modifier is five, so-- That is an eight. That's not enough. She rolled an eight plus five, that's not enough to counter the spell. Okay, so that goes to... Pike suffers, so that's 72 points of force damage. Pike, as the beam hits her, you watch her flesh begin to turn to dust as the fingers begin to disperse... as a burst of flame from the armor flares outward, bringing her back to her feet at whatever the effect of the armor is, so she gets up. I had forgotten she had that. So she's on her feet. No. She's not dust. Okay. That brings us to-- Grog, you're up. She's not-- I'm acting like she would! I know! She's also the cleric, that's exactly what Raishan would do! Grog, you're up. This one over here? Okay. That's as far as you can get, there. So go ahead and roll your athletics check to leap. Yeah, that's fine. So you can leap 20 feet. Yeah, Mr. Badger, you're gone, you are scattered. All righty. Well, you have to roll a perception check to see if you can see the invisible form in there. Just pointing. (all laugh) Okay. I'll say between that roll and the Bigby's Hand pointing at where the dragon is, I'll let you make your attacks, but they're at disadvantage. Yes you can. Nope. The hammer just disappears into the fog and returns back to your grasp. That does hit. 18 points of damage? Yeah, plus the-- 20. Okay. Constitution saving throw, yeah, makes the concentration one. Are you Frenzied or not? Yeah, Frenzied Rage, so make your bonus attack strike now. Yeah, it has to maintain concentration on Greater Invisibility every time it takes damage. That's true. And that would be a 19. Still makes it, yeah. It needs to make more damage. 28 damage. Oh, that does hit, yeah. 22. Saving throw. Yeah, it succeeds, so it maintains invisibility. All right. Ending your turn, Grog? All right. At the end of your turn, Grog, she's going to use her other two legendary actions here to go ahead and cast Cone of Cold. So that's everybody there. I need Scanlan, Vex, Pike, Vax, Grog, and Keyleth, and Allura, to all make constitution saving throws. Constitution, yes. Keyleth? 13. You take 42 points of cold damage. 42. That's the full damage. Vax. 16, you take 42 points of cold damage. Vex? 12, you take 42 points of cold damage. You are as well. What'd you roll? 42 points of cold damage. Pike takes 42 points of cold damage. So Pike is unconscious. Who else is unconscious? You are unconscious. Bigby's Hand is gone. Allura is unconscious again. So Allura's unconscious, Vex, you still up? Allura's down again, yeah, she got hit. Pike's down. All right. That is all of her legendary actions this turn. Ending Grog's turn, all righty. That brings us to Kerrek. I need you to go ahead and roll a death saving throw. Unfortunately, the spell that did that faded. Just a straight d20. So that's one fail. So you've failed one death saving throw. All right, so Kima, as it's now Kima's turn, sees you on the ground, convulsing from the blast of the impact, the giant crater in the ground where the meteors struck, and hearing these blasts of arcane energy around the other side, she has practically no vision of what's happening right now. All she sees is you down, and Grog run off, and she says, "C'mon, my bearded friend." Runs up and is going to go ahead and hit you with Lay on Hands for... let's see, for Kima she can do up to-- she's going to give you 30 hit points. As you come to consciousness, you see the scarred halfling paladin in her golden armor and half-cocked grin. "Come on, we still have work to do." Puts her hand down to try and lift you up. We'll say for the sake of the fun of it, bonus action pulls you to your feet. All righty. That ends Kima's turn. Allura has to make a death saving throw. With a seven, that is a failure. She loses a death saving throw. That brings us to Pike. Pike I need to make roll a death saving throw. Pike fails a death saving throw. Keyleth, it's your turn. When it gets to your turn, you do. There is a spell for that. It's called Wish. You going to try and draw a card? That's my girl. That is the water fountain. (all laugh) Over here? All righty. Sure. So you send fire sneaking all through there-- I'll say for the purposes of the Fog spell versus a seventh-level fire spell and the item, the fog cloud is just burned off, it is done, it is gone. All right, so roll that 7d10 fire damage. Saving throw... that is a failed save. She will use her first legendary resistance. To ignore that. 7d10 fire damage. Yeah, she rested, she got 'em all back. You guys rested a whole night to get your shit back, so did she. It's like enemies can do that too. Don't forget your staff's ability-- Yep. So you get to reroll it, yeah. 34 damage. 17 points of fire damage. So yeah, it succeeds. No, other than the mention of the name caused the sound of growling in the distance. "Why won't you all just stay down and die with dignity?" All righty. Is that the end of your turn, Keyleth? Are you going to move forward? Pike is right there next to you, yeah. All right, Healing Word. Not at all. Level one, level two? What do you do? d4 plus six. Nine. So Pike heals nine hit points and is conscious. All right. Bringing us back up to the top, Vax, you're up. Correct. Well, it's attack, disengage, or dash, I think. It should say on the card. Pike is conscious. There you go. You're conscious. Oh, god. All right. Cloud's gone, it got burned off in the Firestorm. Okay, you slam into the physical form. Okay. All righty. Okay. Back up how far? This way? Okay. Yes, and as you back up-- Yeah, disengage, yeah. So you'll be like over here. Okay. All right, that ends your turn. Vex, you're up. Okay. Healing her-- All right. Mm-hm. So you're going to move over here and hide? Okay, so go ahead and roll a stealth check. Go for it. It's 2d4 plus two. All right. Percy, you're up. Stealth check, yes. I mean, just where she was previously standing. Okay, disadvantage on all these strikes because she is invisible. That's as far as you can get, unfortunately. Is this with disadvantage, or did you use the grit point? You did, all right. All right. Roll some damage. Um. Yeah, adding that to a crit is a little intense. I'd say no. Correct. The benefit is you can choose to apply it after the hit. The downside is you can't add it to the crit. So you never waste it. All righty. So 24. 38. That's 38 points to that first hit. She's going to make a concentration check. It's true. Fails the concentration check on the invisibility. Is going to spend another legendary resistance to succeed it. She's spent two. Correct, she maintained concentration. No. You do. Are you doing another grit point to cancel it? All right. 27 hits. All righty. Okay. All righty. Natural 20 on the save, so she saves concentration. It's maintained. No. Great. Okay, gotcha. That ends your turn, Percy? All righty. It is now Raishan's turn. Let's see here. Uh... hm. Raishan is fed up with this whole down-then-up, down-then-up yo-yoing. Raishan, Scanlan, as you're on the ground, just getting your bearings back to consciousness, you watch as your head is across the ground, the rocks kind of (impact sound), and something seems to hit the ground right next to you. Raishan's going to do a full round of just physical attacks on you. You are prone, so attack rolls on you have advantage within five feet, which is good, because the first attack was a one. And an 18 plus... so the first hit, which is its bite, hits you for 13 plus eight-- Round before. Well, your turn's next, so you have used it... no, you're right, it was, it has been since the last time. So yeah. It was an 18 to hit. For Raishan? You don't know. He utters, with a weak breath on the floor of the necromancer's sanctum. Go ahead and roll a d12, please. So it's 18 minus six is a 12. (All cheer.) There's two more claw attacks. So that's 21 to hit. So with that you take 4d6 plus eight. Yeah, you're unconscious. And the final claw attack has advantage, which hits you, and it's a crit. So you lose two death saving throws. Right there. And the impact seems to be coming from this area, here. Yeah, getting hit on the ground. Getting mangled by something that's not currently there. And then (whooshing sounds), the wind kicks up as something seems to shift the air. You can feel it move in this direction. With that, yeah, I can just make it through without an attack of opportunity-- You sense it not far enough from you to be able to attack something with an attack of opportunity. That ends Raishan's turn. Scanlan. Death saving throw. And with that, the breath escapes Scanlan's lungs, the smile across his face, as life leaves his form. He died as he lived hard or after a bad joke with piss all over him. All right. That ends Scanlan's turn. Grog, you're up. Roll a perception check. You're not entirely certain. You just saw something (whoosh) through the air in this vicinity. Okay. Roll with disadvantage. Sure. Yep. She has a higher AC because she's technically heavily obscured. 27? 27 just hits. You got lucky and just flung it out in the middle of nowhere, because of the AC bonus of her being heavily obscured. So yeah, go ahead and roll damage. You can see the hammer impact somewhere, and you watch it somewhere right up here. Like, right above you. 23 damage. Okay. Maintains concentration. Hammer comes back. Sure. With that, your hammer grows in size as well. You can. I mean, you're still at disadvantage on the attacks. But you're going reckless, so it's all just straight hits. On both? With reckless? Oh right, yeah. Misses past, breaks into the rock and stone off the wall. That hits. 25 damage. She fails her saving throw. Concentration... no, she wants to maintain that spell, so that's her last legendary resistance. But she maintains concentration on the invisibility. So that was 25. Yeah, I got it. So that's the end of your turn, Grog? Okay. You can move if you'd like. You just threw, it's all you did. Something hits your head as you get about there. All right, that ends your turn, Grog. At the... hm. Yeah. At the end of your turn... It's going to go ahead and-- It's too close now. Yeah, just, we're done! (laughs) Ah, subdual damage. Back in the day. I know. She's not going to use that ability yet. Instead is going to... oh, everyone's kind of moving around her. Okay, you know? Is going to use two legendary actions to use a wing attack. So the wings start beating furiously in the air. I need Vax, Kima, Grog, and Vex to make a dexterity saving throw. Wow. Allura actually made it. That is a shitty roll. All right, so. 27, so. You take no damage. Vex? One! You take 13 points of bludgeoning damage and you are knocked prone. Allura succeeds and takes no damage. Grog, what'd you roll? 17. Grog, you also, you take 13 points of bludgeoning damage and you're knocked prone. Yes. 13. Yep. And the dragon moves half its flying speed. Yeah, just moves away at-- People who are not prone, yes. So Vax, you get to make an attack of opportunity with disadvantage. Okay. Your Vow of Enmity gives it advantage, though, doesn't it? Your Vow of Enmity? 31 hits. Yeah. 25 points of damage. Yeah, maintains concentration and pulls away. No. She hasn't moved past you. Nope. All right. That ends that turn. Kerrek, you're up. Yeah, you're hearing all the impacts, the slashing, the battle on this side. You can, yeah, as an action, so you can do twice your movement. Correct, yeah. 30 would just get around the corner here. So you're holding your action in case something shows up that you can hit. Right there? Okay. Okay. All right, that ends Kerrek's turn. Let's see here. Kima sees you doing this and is going to go ahead and back you up right there. Sorry, Percy. Spiderclimb makes you so easy to knock over. Kima, on her turn... is going to use Aura of Vitality again on herself and, utilizing that as a bonus action, is going to heal you for 2d6, Kerrek. So-- oh, not bad. 11 hit points. All righty. That ends Kima's turn. Allura. Allura, who is barely conscious with 15 hit points, is going to get to her feet. Perception check... natural 20. And is going to-- no, not third-level. She's going to go ahead and cast a fifth-level Dispel Magic. Which would-- yeah, it's just dispelled. And with that. Finally revealed on the field. Further over, just appears right in front of your face, Percival. (menacing growl, wing-sounds) And then Allura, using the rest of her movement, is going to here, here, here, and then actually Misty Step over here next to Keyleth to get out of the area. (breathing hard) "Keyleth, you have to finish this." That's going to end Allura's turn. Pike is up. She would just get to his side, yeah. All right, so. Go ahead and roll a d20 and add her wisdom modifier. He died twice, the DC is 12. Yeah, so d20 plus five. Nine, okay. So the Revivify fails. Reaches out and doesn't hit. You're still dead. You're not permanently dead, but you cannot be revived for the remainder of this battle. You can only use a ritual to return, and the DC does go up to a 13. Currently, you get-- Pike touches and releases the energy of the spell into Scanlan's body, and you feel the necrotic essence of this necromancer's sanctum, the very dark nature of this place, is preventing the connection between the spirit and the body of Scanlan at the moment. The spell having no effect. Pike still has a bonus action if she'd like. Okay. Sacred Flame is an action. Needs to be a bonus action, unfortunately. She can do a Healing Word. Level two? All right, so 2d4 plus five. 11. All righty, so that heals her up. All right, that ends Pike's turn. Keyleth, you're up. You can see her there. Yes. Yes. All righty. And it is an intelligence saving throw-- Four plus four. Rolled a four. She has an intelligence modifier of four, and it is not one of her saving throws. Her intelligence and charisma become one, cannot cast spells, cannot activate magical items. Yeah. Yeah, at the end of every 30 days she can repeat the saving throw. (Cheers and yelling.) As you reach out, you watch as the tendrils of nature's energy begin to spill out of the cracks in the vicinity. You watch as Raishan chuckles. One of the tendrils lashes out and wraps around the throat. And as they wrap and begin to strengthen around the neck, pouring into the cracks of the flesh where the disease currently holds her throat, her brow begins to sink, the jaw hangs open, and slobber begins to drip from her jaw as Raishan just, as opposed to speaking, now does a guttural (heavy breaths and growling). Okay, so is that the end of your turn? You still have a bonus action, right? And technically ten more feet of movement. All these spells. Cannot use them now. I didn't, the dragon did. You can only do up to second level because you cast an eighth-level. It's a Healing Word, bonus action. All right. 2d4 plus six. That brings us to the top. Vax, you're up. Except for, at the end of your turn, actually, going to go ahead and use a legendary action to do a tail attack against you, Percy. A reaction? Yeah. I mean. That is 23 to hit. Okay. You take 21 points of bludgeoning damage. All right. Now, what are you doing, Vax? Go for it. No, on each attack you can do Smite, that's fine. With a melee weapon attack. So you have to be up next to her. Okay. That hits. Okay. Neither of these are sharpshooter because they're melee. 53 points of damage. Okay. No, disengage doesn't have to. Make an acrobatics check, though. 25, you land on both feet without an issue. Oh. You did. Roll 4d6. Go for it. 4d6. You can move against the wall and get there. No, because you were-- how much? 13? All right. All righty. That ends your turn. All right, at the end of her turn she's going to use her last legendary action to attack Percy once more. That is a 27 to hit. All right. 23 points of bludgeoning damage. All right. Vex, you're up. Yeah, essentially disengage, you go into combat and then you can leave combat without getting an attack of opportunity on you. You are just outside of her range, technically. Yeah, her reach-- actually, with the tail? No, but she's up in the air. I'll say you're just out of the range of the tail. You can get just to the side of Kerrek. Okay, so half your movement there to get up from prone, so you can move fifteen more-- you've got three more squares you can move. To there? Go for it. That Feeblemind. 17 does not hit, no. Or the arrow hits and it just splinters across the outside of her body. 18. The second arrow does manage to strike the side of the shoulder, and then the arrow actually breaks against the dragon's hide and scales. That's going to end your turn. You still have a bonus action if you want to do something else. You didn't use disengage. All righty. From where and to where? Pull her down? Okay. All righty. So Grasping Vine, here, that's going to be a dexterity saving throw. That is a five plus nine, that is 14. What is your spell DC? All right. So. No, because it is forced down. Raishan is pulled to the ground there. All righty. All righty. Right now, she would be ten feet from you. All right. That brings us to Percy's turn. Yes. Yes. You are in melee. 19 misses, unfortunately. (guttural growling) 22 just hits. Yes, so two ones hit. All righty. Nice. Okay. The entire time. That's perfect. Okay. So as you go rushing, she's going to go ahead and make a claw swipe at you. That is-- That is a natural 20. Sorry, buddy. 40 points of piercing damage. As the claw strikes you from behind. So. Where are you going now? All righty. That ends your turn, Percy? Correct. It's not in range to you. The moment the dragon comes into range, you can strike. Correct. Unfortunately, with the fifth edition rules, they make it so it's like a quick reaction. However, the dragon does fly past to get around the edge to this side here. You do get to make your attack as she comes into range, flying past for you. A total of twenty? No, unfortunately. First swing just goes wide, the second one hits the side, but you haven't hit hard ancient dragon hide before, and it scrapes across the outside with no noticeable damage and a little seed of fear wells in your heart once more. All right. As Raishan slams down onto the ground-- No, she cast a spell to heal you last turn as a bonus action. Raishan is going to unleash upon you, Percy, who has avoided the Meteor Swarm, who has shot her in the face, and right now in her feral state is just focused on what's closest and angry at her. First strike, that is a 26 to hit. With the bite. That is 17 plus eight... 25 points of piercing damage. So you fall to the ground. So you lose a death save. You were just a few feet up? As opposed to? Going to angrily take a claw attack at your body, which hits, a critical, that's two death saving throws-- Percy, you're dead. As the bite knocks you to the ground, the claw slams down onto your torso, and just tears out the side of your body, your entrails scattered across the stone floor-- -- and your breath just escapes out. Kerrek, you and Kima both there watch this happen as Percy is now partially spread across the stone immediately to the right of you. And Raishan gets her legendary actions back. That's going to end Raishan's turn. Grog, you're up. That's half your movement. 25. 25. That's as far as you can get. Make your athletics check. Grasping Vine doesn't keep her restrained, it just grabs somebody and pulls them there, it's meant to move things-- Yes. You're not in melee, you didn't quite get far enough to get-- Correct. Yeah, that'll hit. 23 damage? All righty. Sure. Yeah, no, well, it's thrown, you can only do it with melee. 24 hits. Okay. 23, you said? 27 hits. All right, that ends your turn, Grog? That's for the larger weapon. I'll double-check real fast. Well, here, just to remind myself. The weapon... a melee weapon you're wielding with two hands, which as you're throwing it, you're not. So no. All right, got it. That ends Grog's turn. Kerrek, you're up. 26 hits. 20 misses, unfortunately. No, unfortunately, the feral angry unintelligible state of Raishan right now as just a beast, no. Not surprised. Instinct now. No. Yeah. 28 points of damage? At a max hit points of 520... How do you want to do this? (Screaming and cheering.) I can't fucking believe-- I can't fucking believe that happened! So. How do you want to do this? The feral beast there, tearing the innards out of Percy on the ground, Grog slamming into it, just seemingly bashing against the world, watching everyone drop around you like flies, your warhammer in hand. As the hammer arcs downward (slow-mo sound effects). It just slams into the snout of Raishan just as the head turns up, the eyes that were once reptilian and intelligent are now just filled with bloodshot rage and feral intensity. The jaw is attempting to snap up and catch the blade, however, you're too fast. Your old adventuring reflexes are kicking in. As the glowing hammerhead comes down onto the snout, the divine energy blasts forward, and you watch as the dragon's face explodes, inverting inward, the front of the skull being blown backward, and you guys watch as this flash of light fills the entirety of this necrotic space. This one plume of radiant smoke kind of pssssh. And left behind, you see Kerrek standing there, holding the rod, the actual head of the hammer now dismissed as part of the burst of radiant energy, and there the smoking ruin of the throat, headless, of Raishan the Diseased Deceiver, collapsing to the ground, unmoving. And we're going to take a quick break. Take a break, and we're going to take a little time to take in the aftermath of this moment before we finish tonight's episode. So we'll be back here in a few minutes, we're going to go ahead and use the restroom. We'll see you guys here shortly. And welcome back. So. Last we left off, the battle with Raishan ended with a victory for Vox Machina but at a rather high cost at the moment. As you stand now in the still silence, the aftermath of the fray, looking down, seeing your allies beaten, bruised, disheveled, Scanlan lifeless on the ground on one side of this cavern, and a partially gutted Percy lifeless on the other, the smoldering ruin that was once the head of Raishan lifeless and still on the ground as Kerrek clutches the hammer. Kima walks over and grabs your shoulder and tightly squeezes it, going, "You did what had to be done. Thank you." "I think he's beyond either of our power now. Allie? Please tell me she's alive." And Kima runs off, realizing that she doesn't really know the status of the rest of the group. Allura shouts out to her on the side. I'm all right! Trying to gather what you-- What's outside, putting it back in. Yeah. As you guys both kind of run, Keyleth a bit behind, Vex, you turn and you see Raishan's corpse just piled, and then on the ground you see Kerrek slowly and methodically, almost staring off into a memory, trying to gather a bit of Percival's scattered innards from the side torn open. Pike comes running around the corner. "Oh, God." And she runs up real fast and begins gathering her Revivify spell. Did either of you guys want to roll for Pike's Revivify? Percival, yeah. Six plus five? Percival has died... how many times? I think just once for him, right? We're double-checking. Taliesin. The necklace does not count. Yeah, similar to the effect earlier. So as you're trying to grab the body and trying to make it form, it's not-- it's not doing anything and the healing magic is not taking effect into the now-still cold body. As Pike's metallic hand comes into your visual frame, Kerrek, you watch in that slow breathless motion as her gauntleted arm reaches down and touches the clavicle of the bloody mess of Percy's torso. And as the divine energy pulses warmth once more through the chest, you watch as the bits of exposed organ that you had pushed in close over with skin. (breathes) And breath comes back to Percival's body. You come to consciousness. Barely. Yes. Okay. As you turn around the corner-- Kima and Allura are rushing up to you now as well. "Is he--" And you turn the corner, Grog, and you see Vax holding the still body of Scanlan, just dangling out of his arms. This is-- this is beyond any of my capabilities. I-- look, I have a certain skillset, and it's not this kind of skillset, I'm sorry. No trees. Allura says, "I do have a teleport spell I can utilize. Gather everyone around." "All right. Let's all of us gather our hands together." She puts her hands out, Kima takes one side, and you all form a circle. She closes her eyes. She begins the incantation under her breath. There's a brief flux of arcane energy, and then it fades and you all remain in place. She goes, "Um." I don't know, something is-- something is barring my-- Okay, she casts Detect Magic. There are a number of magical sources in this room. There are a few vials on the back shelf, some of which appear to have been broken and scattered on the ground, and the magic is fading. There is one book that is actually in a chest that she goes and partially opens, there is a book inside that is emanating some magical essence. There is the doorway across the way. But there is just a general magical presence, like a faint magical energy everywhere in here. On the far end. Make an investigation check. Investigation. Seven. The door looks like-- the door doesn't look like it's particularly intricate. It looks like it's locked or chained by something. You can now, okay. Two ones. The door seems, not trapped, but it appears to be chained or locked from the other side. All right. All right. Roll a strength check. 26. (punching sounds) You start slamming your fists against the door, and as it splinters and then breaks inward, and then outward, and rocks just start tumbling outward, where once was the door in this vicinity here now appears to be a cave-in on the opposite side. Okay. As you slam through, you smash a cylindrical space in, and it just meets more rock. You get the sense that whatever chamber was beyond this room-- -- has just caved in. It has a sinister look to it. It is ancient, the leather itself is darkened not by initial color but by just weather, age. It has a very, very deep leathery-brown burgundy tint to it. It has ancient brass inlays, and it is locked shut on one side. Okay. Okay. So you grab a number of the tomes. A number of them were destroyed from the impact of the Meteor Swarm, but the one-- you get a number of tomes in there, you get some odds and ends, some trinkets, some bones, some other things that're around the territory. And that all seems to go in fine. Okay. The staff slams into the flesh, one of the exposed wounds on the side of Raishan's body. As it sinks in, the staff seems to right itself in a standing position. You let go instinctually, and you watch as the remaining visual of the black disease that had begun to spread across the body spreads rapidly across the entire body of Raishan. What remains of green scale turns to black, and very very quickly the corpse begins to wither and blacken and then turn to this rippled, fleshy husk. The staff disengages and falls to the ground, clattering against the stone, seeming that the remainder of the disease completed its cycle. Okay. As you, Kerrek, walk toward one of the edges of the pillars there, there is a flash on the ground, a magical glyph or a symbol of some kind that triggers, and your body is immediately wracked with horrible pain. I need you to make a constitution saving throw. 11. I'll make sure it's constitution. Let me see and make sure it was the right one. Yeah, okay. So as the excruciating pain takes over, you instinctually start screaming as your muscles lock up and you are unable to move. You guys all look over suddenly as Kerrek is just locked in place, all the muscles pulled into this tense moment, just screaming in place. Nothing. He just walked toward one of the pillars-- In the central area here. Okay. You pull him off, the glyph still remains glowing in place, and he clatters to the ground, still locked up. You don't even see color or shape right now, it's just white from the pain that is wracking your body. You are unable to move, make conscious thought. You are purely a primal entity that is suffering right now. Okay. So you spend five of your hit points. Doesn't seem to assuage him. Almost biting through his tongue. Allura immediately looks over and is going to attempt to dispel. Which succeeds, actually, she rolled a 15 plus-- so. The pain subsides immediately, and she puts her hood back up. As your breath begins to regulate-- As can I. All right. As you guys begin to walk out, the three of you, between your staff, your wand, and Allura's preparation, you guys just (fire, explosion sounds). And you watch as elements of the stonework begin to fall into itself and collapse. Not enough to the point where it causes a full cave-in to be endangering to you, but you ensure that this space is no longer used for whatever purpose it was being used for. You guys continue back out to the edge of the chasm where the bridge is currently-- It did, yeah. Yes. Okay. You get across without issue. All right. You guys make your way across the chasm. You can still hear below, and occasionally as you glance down as the light opens the area below, you can see the masses of writhing bodies that are all reaching up from below, but with no magical gravitational trap in effect, they have no effect and are kept at a distance. You make your way across, heading back towards the spiral staircase upwards. The glyph-- Yeah, the glyph is still dispelled from earlier. You guys still make your way up in sections using your-- the broom and the magic carpet. As you make your way up into the next chamber, you begin to hear cackling laughter. You hear (cackling) from ahead, and you see a little bit of a light source begin to appear from the iron door room that you guys had your first encounter with-- They're not quite in sight yet. You can just see the glow as they're descending down a grade. Yeah. Okay. Looking at the radius of Turn Undead. I'll just double-check here, because it's pretty close. It would be Destroy Undead at fifth level, which she has. But yeah. It's 30 feet near you. So she can wait. All right. So you guys are holding your action for when they come into range, essentially. It's a slow grade downward. You guys are heading back up the pathway, and you see them now coming in your direction. Once they come into range. You're not sure. All right, so you guys, hearing the cackling and seeing the glow coming, you hold your actions. You're holding your bow, you're holding a Sunbeam, you're holding your attacks. That would give you guys immediate action as soon as they arrive. So. Sure enough, within a moment you watch as four of them come into view, the same four that you destroyed earlier, clustered around. There's two lines of two, essentially. So. So, Keyleth. Sunbeam can only affect two of them. So they get their saving throw, right? Roll 8d6, if you could. They... (laughs) they do not make their saving throws. 27 radiant damage to both of them. All righty. Got you. All right. Percival? Okay. Hits. Okay, so 19 total. They appear-- the blasts of the bullets don't seem to be doing as much damage as other forms of attack. Right. Yeah. Okay, this is the ones she damaged with the Sunbeam? Both of those skulls just (explosion sound). As soon as the beam streaks past, blasting into two of them, two piercing shots in a row, you can watch as their eyes begin to glow, flames glowing within the back of the skull. Two of them immediately just scatter into dust and bone. The two on the other side. Okay. All right. What level? Right, but what spell level? Oh, that's right. Okay, yeah. Nope. Nice. All righty. Go for it. All right. All righty. 17 to the one that's over there. Allura, who is frustrated and understanding what their resistances are, she's going to go ahead and cast a high-level Magic Missile. Okay. That one just explodes and scatters, so now there is one left that is just partially damaged from Percival. Not quite yet. You just charge in? Okay. As you go rushing in, that triggers them-- or the one that's remaining to go ahead, and it's going to fire two Fire Rays at you. That is 20 to hit? And 24 to hit. That would be strange. That is 13 points of fire damage on one. And seven points of fire damage on the other. All right. You watch as both eyes streak out these burning rays of flame in his direction. Both blast him in the shoulder, one hits him in the side of the knee and thigh, but Kerrek keeps running forward. You can go ahead and make your attacks if you want. Hits. 18 hits. All righty. Yes they are. 25 for both hits? That's the first one. All right, so do the second hit now. It doesn't destroy it, no. It does crack the skull and you watch as the sutures cave in from below, the light of your hammer still-- 31, that'll do it. With that, the first blow knocks it almost to the ground. As it begins to lift up again, its mouth (cackling), you hit it with the side of the hammer, and it just scatters into broken bone chunks and shards that splatter against the wall and rattle down the grade a bit towards your direction as Kerrek turns around, looking back over his shoulder at you guys, the pathway now clear ahead of you. Yeah. You guys continue forward. You make your way to the chamber with the iron door, still open, eventually walking to the outskirts of the entranceway to the sanctum. You now walk carefully around the previously noticed patches of dirt and sand. Right. And as you pull them out, it seals the tunnel once more behind you. No, that was the one. Actually, she goes, "I do have a teleportation circle, so I may be able to bring us to Emon." That's one of the few teleportation sigils that still exist, in that vicinity at least. "All right." She gets down and begins marking out the symbol on the ground on the outskirts. She finishes, you watch the arcane flash. She steps onto the circle and vanishes. The teleportation circle. And Kima's about to go behind her, and Kima goes, "I don't... it doesn't usually look like that." Allura stepped onto it after casting it and then vanished. There was a weird sparkle of electrical energy. I don't know. I don't know! And Kima just walks in after her. Sparks once more. You can make an arcana check. 22? As you get closer and look at it-- you've seen a few teleportation circles, and once they're down they just kind of glow with this mild energy until they dissipate. Which is pretty rapid. Let's see here. Yeah, it only lasts for a round, so it's-- Yeah, six seconds. Now. You glancing at it, there is a flicker to it and weird (crackling), very similar to the weird flash that you saw when you were inside and attempted the original teleportation. There's something-- you get the sense that there's something about this-- either this mountain or this underground area, there's something that has some sort of influence or impact on any sort of transportation magic. It's gone. The ritual requires you-- You could probably try that. I'd give you a concentration check to maintain it for the duration. Okay. Okay. Okay. You guys slowly make your way through the forest, avoiding the patches that you noticed before, the weird collapsing earth. Go ahead and make a constitution saving throw, Keyleth. Yeah. 15, okay. What are you focusing on? Allura? Okay. Okay. So. You focus on Allura's life force, form, face, and as you close your eyes, slowly moving along with the gradual movement of the flying carpet, your vision pulls out of you and above. An island. It then shifts suddenly and pulls you over blue. Over water. And then there's another flash, and there's nothing but water around you. You don't know where you are, you don't know where it is, and it flashes once more. And there in the center of this open expanse of water and ocean, you see two figures swimming. And you glance down and there in the middle of the ocean waters you see Allura treading water, shouting Kima's name. "Kima!" And looking across the way, you can just barely hear in the distance, "Allie, I'm coming!" She swims over in that direction. They eventually grab each other's hands and together hold each other and look around, keeping treading water, as the sun is slowly beginning to set in the distance and nightfall comes. You just see Allura holding her there, trying to keep both aloft. "It's all right. We're alive. I don't know where we are. "But we'll figure this out. We'll figure this out." And they both begin swimming, looking at the direction of the sun and picking what looks to be a northern position. And then the scry-- You cannot see-- the scrying is specifically on her. But they are both just plopped somewhere in the ocean. A short time later, you eventually get close to the edge of the waterline, and you do find a handful of trees that appear to be alive enough and large enough to maintain one of your spells. Perception check. And add your perception bonus? 31. You take a moment, and you don't know if it's the sense of the scry spell and something about the arcane winds that blow through the ley lines of magic that traverse across Exandria, but something guides your attention that way, and you focus real hard, and you see just at the horizon what looks to be a very, very faint speck of movement. You, arcing as fast as you can on the broom, full speed, holding on to the hat as best you can. The wind of the ocean air coming past your face, the salt and the briny spray of bits of reef and rock that surround the island-- Yeah, you do look out and you see both Kima and Allura swimming through the ocean, exhausted and it looks like, based on both the heavy armor that Kima's wearing and their general physical state, they're both having a hard time treading water, and they're swimming in the wrong direction. "Oh, that's the best thing I could've hoped for seeing." And Allura reaches up and grabs your arm and says, "Kima, hold on!" And grabs the edge. You can see Kima now is like coughing up water and is trying desperately to tread water. That's a natural 20 on a strength check for Allura. Holy shit. With no modifier. Manages to hold onto both you and Kima and keep you up. I need you to make an athletics check. Just to hold on. 13, okay. It's enough to maintain. Carrying them both back as fast as the broom-- which is not very fast at this time. It takes you probably a good 15 or so minutes, and as the tension's going on you can see Allura getting more and more exhausted. I'm trying. At this point, you can see Allura's grip is getting shaky on the broom now. She says, "We're almost close enough. Now." And then her and Kima vanish in a puff of dark bluish energy and appear on the carpet next to you through dimension door. Eventually you guys manage to gather the rest of your party at the beachside. Waterlogged, Kima shakes it out, leaving this trail as her hair's all matted and into her face, and she just looks really pissed and is like, "Not a word." Allura's squeezing out the sides of her braids. "Well, now what?" Let's try. I think this definitely explains why so many folks who went to investigate this place never came back. You came in on a tree, yes. So you go ahead and find the tree? All right. Hm. As you reach out and touch the side of the tree, eyes clenched tight, hoping that this is enough, you watch as the bark splits into the transportation via plants portal, and as it splits apart, you can see further internal wood striations, those split. A third layer splits, it's having to force its way through this tree, and finally it divides out and you can see the sunset-lit outside of the center of Whitestone. It appears to be Whitestone. You guys all charge through, making your way through the portal. You all step out, catching yourself, just as the tree slams behind you. There you see the faintly blossoming branches of the Sun Tree greeting you to the center of sunsetting Whitestone, together as a group, clutching Scanlan's lifeless body in your arms still, Vax. What do you do? Okay. You guys all make your way towards the temple of the Raven Queen and the graveyard outside of Whitestone. As you're making this scry attempt with the item, go ahead and make another concentration check as you're moving along and doing this on the carpet. It's a constitution saving throw. Remember, you have warcaster, so you technically have advantage on concentration, too. Don't forget that. Okay. Little bit of a show. Okay. Your vision pulls back and is dragged fast enough through the clouds to have no sense of direction. Suddenly you feel your essence thrust downward through the clouds once more towards the closing daylight around Kymal in the center of Tal'Dorei. Looking down to the rather dirty, destitute, gambling-overrun and light-law-enforced city that Kymal is, you're pulled once more into what looks to be a tavern room, and there you see a makeshift band of very terrible performers playing, and at the back table you see Kaylie with half a flagon of ale sitting there, dagger on the table, just staring and just giving those performers shit, she's like, "You all fucking suck, you know that?" Where I come from, they'd kill you for this. That's terrible. Certainly. Okay. You're shouting this, you guys hear her doing this, and you just keep pushing forward, occasionally checking to make sure she's okay. Kaylie just keeps drinking from the flagon and is shouting out, someone comes by and you watch as she deftly nabs a little bit of coin from the pocket-- Doesn't seem to be having an effect. I can cast Sending, yes. Okay. And so is Allura. Yeah. From what you know as Kerrek? Yeah, she's-- She guides you. One way or the other. She's the mistress of fate, and if your destiny is cut short, there is exception. However, her real loathing is for those people who go against that natural destiny. Exactly. Unnatural, unexpected death across one's fate line is unfortunate, but it can be corrected. So. You go ahead and you look for Gilmore? You find Gilmore with a big mug of coffee in his comfort robes, still recovering from the war the previous day, his hair's tousled up and he's sitting there cradling it, looking out as the sun's setting in the main common mess area of the castle, and as you walk in. "Oh, Vex'ahlia, you return!" Yes, yes? I-- (nervous chuckle) I don't know of a sigil there, I'm sorry. I normally don't frequent places like that. It's a bit dastardly for my tastes. I-- I'm sorry. I mean, there's Westruun, but that sigil got destroyed too. What's wrong? Puts his mug down and stands up slowly. His demeanor gets very stoic and very dark. "Well. Let's see what we can do. Follow me." And he begins walking down and leads you towards the home that he's been staying here in Whitestone. He goes in, and it's barely furnished based on the original attack on Whitestone when you guys had the assassins that came after you here. It's been cleaned up but it hasn't been replaced. He goes rummaging through some things up in his room, he goes through a few bags and goes, "I don't really have many options. Is it a--" Have you talked to Allura? "Hold on." And he leads you back up to the castle. What are you guys doing? Yeah, you've got to scrub that down a little. Okay. Are you guys having Pike prepare the Resurrection ritual, is that what's going on? I don't know what's happening. You guys are talking to air right now. Right, right, right. Okay, that's what I thought. Right, right. Allura approaches and says, "If we can wait until tomorrow, I can take us there, but-- I just, I have no means of--" Vex, as you're brought up to the castle, Gilmore is tugging your arm, and you see he has a haste to him, and he's like, "Where's Eskil? Where's Eskil? Has he returned? Please, somebody, give me this answer. Anyone." And you watch as some of the guards come up and like, "Eskil's been back in his research at the ziggurat for the better part of a week, now." Yes sir, yes sir. Pulls you down, and you rush down past the Ziggurat, and Eskil's returning with his servant. This older hunched form. It looks like they finished their work for the day and, as you all begin rushing down the hall to the ziggurat beneath Whitestone, he says, "Oh, hello. We're finished, there's no reason to--" It's a very strange, very-- -- unique magic, yes, of course. Peh. Child's play, really. Kymal? Why would you want to-- "Shaun--" Shaun kind of goes, "If you want to be of use to anybody right now, buddy, this is the way to do it." (sputters) "Kymal. All right. Heh, that's a one- way trip, so you're paying for room and board." All right. Have you guys caught up at this point? All right. So we go-- what are you looking for? All right, I'll take you there, and that's where we're staying for the night. We'll return tomorrow. "All right. (sighs) It's been a while." And he reaches out and grabs your hand. "Be back in a day!" And begins doing this incantation. As he traces his fingers through the air, you watch these lines begin to connect, and he's tracing almost this mystical map of the portions of Tal'Dorei, and as each finger hits a point you see him connect a thread. As he connects a thread, both of you blink out and appear in the middle of this busy cobblestone street. You can hear what sounds like raucous laughter and shouting in the distance from two different directions. You can see now as the night has gone from a bright orange and purple to the dark reds and blues of post-sunset. There are a couple of what look to be guards wandering the street, but they themselves look to be laughing and probably a little tipsy in their own right. You see many humans, and you see a couple of half-orcs. You actually see two gnolls and what looks to be a goblin that are wandering amongst those people in the street. Kymal is, and you've passed through before. Kymal is-- it's the real-- it's the seedy Reno of Tal'Dorei, if you will. It's not Laughlin level. It's not-- sorry, Laughlin. Go ahead and make an investigation check. 16, okay. Okay, yeah. Asking questions rapidly around, dragging Eskil behind, he's like, "Where are we going? (grumbling)" Asking to where the worst performers you've seen perform in this town, and everyone keeps pointing you to this one place that's up on this one hill towards the back of the Ironseat Ridge, which is the mountain that Kymal is up against. As you walk into the tavern, you see a little more than a dozen people in various clusters. Some of them are ready to go, they've been drinking since sundown and they're already pretty sauced. There's a terrible off-key band in the corner of four people, three gentlemen and a lady-- It's a terrible band name. And it's pretty bad. And there you see, half-slumped over in the corner at the table, you see Kaylie, just ready to pass out at the end. Should I get our rooms? One room-- two rooms, she's paying, hold on. And he walks over towards the bar. Kaylie at the table. What do you want from me. "You--" She grabs the dagger and grabs you by the front of the shirt and brings it-- Oh, I remember you. I'm never sober. I don't want to deal with him right now. Tell him-- look. I will kick your ass right now if you keep treating me like this. "How'd he die?" And she's still being held up, reaches over and grabs her tankard. Her feet still dangling. Who would want a death like that? That sounds like my father. And what? And help what? Make a persuasion check. She looks at you for a second. You can see her kind of frustrated piss-off facade drops a little and her eyes sink below. "I really don't know what you think I can do, but, I mean. "At the very least, I'd like to see his body before it's interred." (sighs) So much strangeness surrounds you folks every time I cross paths with you, it seems. Can I take my drink? She holds the stone for a second and looks at it. Squints an eye. "Listen, if you're trying to take the piss out of me--" And her form just vanishes from the table. It is pushing 1120. I think we will pick this up right there next week here in Whitestone for the ritual. I'm trying to push the narrative as long as I can get, trying to get to a point, but yeah, this is building and I don't want to drag us in here. I know. I can't force narrative. Can't force narrative. All right, well, we will pick this up next week. Sam can't be here next week. Oh, that's going to be interesting. Oh, snap. All right, well, we'll figure it out. If worse comes to worst, I'll play him, or we'll see if he can Skype in. We'll see. I don't know what he's doing. I know he's gone. Like a tool. That's true. All right, well. With that, the Conclave lies destroyed. Raishan's plot still not uncovered. One of two deaths reversed, one still on the line. The tethering of the soul to the body withering with each fall. And a surprisingly low-level paladin getting the final blow on an ancient green dragon. I honestly prepared that to be this-- like, we talked about that on the break, it would've been an awesome heroic end to the story. It just happened to work out that she was pinned straight to the side-- I like that. Yeah. Well, Sam, we love you. Wherever you are.