Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around, roll dice, and play Dungeons and Dragons. We had quite an interesting episode last week, and leading into more interesting possibilities this week depending on what happens. So, that being the case, let's go ahead and try and get through these announcements real fast so we can get to the game. First and foremost, this is our second week of our fantastic Loot Crate sponsorship. Those of you who aren't familiar with Loot Crate, they're an awesome company that produces monthly themed boxes that contain a bunch of fantastic geek items from licensed gear, apparel, shirts, tchotchkes, statues, all kinds of fun stuff, me and Marisha have been members for years, and it's actually really, really cool stuff and they've been awesome enough to take interest in our show and sponsor us. To the point where, if you're interested in getting one, you can actually get three dollars off a subscription by going to their website at www.lootcrate.com/criticalrole and put in the code "criticalrole" to get your three dollars off your subscription. It's legitimately really cool stuff. And you should go check it out. Plus we get to show them the strength of the Critter nation, you guys go ahead and click on the link and say hello. You also have until the 19th of this month at 900pm to subscribe to receive the next month's Loot Crate in time, otherwise the cutoff happens, and the next one looks pretty cool. So you guys should definitely try and get into that window if you can. Let me see. There is a-- oh! Our first "Dear Vox Machina" article went up last week, answered by our fantastic Scanlan Shorthalt over there. You can find that on the Geek and Sundry website. If you haven't had a chance to check it out, you can check it out on geekandsundry.com. We have a new one coming out tomorrow-- --featuring, do we know who it's featuring? Do we know? Vax is helming that one next week, so that'll be fun. Check it out at geekandsundry.com for Vax's answering questions sent to him by various people who live all about Tal'Dorei and beyond. Yeah, what could possibly go wrong? Or hits them in the head with a-- Perfect. I will be a guest at the end of this month, the last weekend in May, at Momocon in Atlanta, as a reminder for all you southern East-coast folks. Looking forward to coming there and doing some panels and such. And then the weekend after that, the first weekend of June, I will be at Akon in Dallas, Texas. So for all you Texas folk they just finally announced that. I'm going to these folks' old neck of the woods. So if you're in that area, come say hi at Akon, be a lot of fun. Oh and Travis, you're going to a convention next weekend. Everything shrivels. And Taliesin, you will be at another convention as well. That is pretty slick, actually. Hey, I like it. Also, as a note, Taliesin is the new host of Signal Boost. The next run on the show that Marisha is the creator and co-producer on, writer, all that other fun stuff. You had a fun promo go up this week as a teaser for it. That was rather fun. Indeed. And I want to say, though it's only been a couple days past, happy birthday to Marisha. Happy birthday this past Tuesday to Marisha. That was added right now because I'm your boyfriend. But yeah, happy birthday. Speaking of birthdays, I believe there is a gift to be given? That is fantastic. All the barf. That's so cute! Make Trinket hold a broom. This is going to go perfectly. It does actually work! Anything else anyone wants to say or shall we jump into it? Thank you Chris Hardwick for letting your broom be stolen. "Letting." He still messages occasionally, "Where's my broom?!" It's pretty great. Anyway. That being the case, let's go ahead and jump into tonight's chaos for this episode of Critical Role. [dramatic music] The little boy is still clutching on to Trinket's fur, riding him behind you, he's got a little smile on his face, the dried blood still covering half of his smile. "Yeah. Mom should be up that way." And he points further down the thoroughfare. "Giddy-up!" And he kicks the side, and Trinket like, (grunts), lumbers forward. Licks your hand begrudgingly and continues forward, plodding on the cobblestone. For a while, eventually the boy, looking for familiar sights, some of the buildings have taken some damage in the initial black dragon onslaught, he does suddenly point his finger forward and goes, "That's it! That's it!" And you go past a couple of humble buildings, and then you start getting into the slum section. I say slum, it's where the poor people in the temple district live when they're not tending to temples or businesses that are surrounded by this district. You can see it's a functional, it's a standing hovel, but it's mainly a scrap wood roof, bits of thatch to help maintain any protection against rainfall. The wood looks old, some of it may have been rotted, but treated since. It's functional. But the boy jumps off Trinket. Doesn't even pay attention to you, runs up to the door and hits the door and it's solid. He goes and pulls on it and it seems to be closed, so he goes, "Mommy? Mommy?" He seems genuinely excited, but also trying to get in the front door. Time passes. What are you doing? The door itself doesn't have a knob per se, it has a small dark iron handle that's bolted to it, but you pull it and something's holding it back, like there's something actually barring it from the other side. A few moments pass. Silence. "They just pulled me out today." Then you hear a voice come from the other side of the wooden door, peeking through the space. "Hello?" "Theodore?" And the boy goes, "Yes? Mom? Please please please! There's nice people out here." And you hear the shifting of wood onto the side, the door opens ever so slightly and on the inside you can see a pale and scared-looking woman, clean, simple clothing, has some sort of half-torn apron on that's wrapped around a simple peasant blouse. She has her hair up in this small cloth cap and she pushes through. "Theodore!" Opens the door and picks him up and wraps him in her arms and holds him for a second, not even paying attention to any of you, and there's this moment where you can see the fear that has been stuck in her mind since he was pulled from the inside of their abode slowly abated with the return. Eventually she stops and her eyes come up over his shoulder to the rest of you. "I'm sorry, pardon my manners, I'm Yulia. Thank you." Puts Theodore down. "Hold on, let me--" She goes and steps inside of her home. Eventually a few moments later she comes back and she has a small handful of coins. "I-- it's the least I can do." Her eyes are partially trained on Grog as she now notices you, she steps further out of the house, she's like, "Is everything okay now?" "Okay. Thank you." She cups the coins back into her hand, reaches down and rubs Theodore's hair, looks at the blood that's still there and looks a little worried for a second. "Is he going to be all right?" "Thank you." "Better go clean you up. Go clean you up." And he's like, "Okay!" And he runs in behind her as she turns again and takes the door and pauses for a moment looking out at you and says once again, very quietly under her breath, "Thank you." "Wilhand?" "We've been staying inside since the incursion came." "The few that I have seen were not under good circumstances. But the fact that I haven't "seen him might be a good thing." "Not a lot of places to hide. Only certain areas in the sewers are safe, and our homes are "the best places, if we knew our way around our own homes. We had a hiding spot, but Theodore got away "from us, hearing all the noise, and they managed to take him away." She brings you guys inside and it's very, very plain in the interior, it's very cold, you can see there is a small firepit with a cauldron over it that's used for making simple soups and whatever food they prepare in here. There is a portion of the roof that is open to allow any sort of smoke to pass through, but it does have some runoff to let any sort of water fall off outside the window. She heads back behind where the cold cauldron is, and where the stones are set up to guard the back from catching any of the wood behind it, she goes and pulls on one of the pieces of stone, and as she pulls it back it's a false front of stone that pulls open. There's a small cabinet there that you see there used to be a-- religion check, for those who are trained in it. Or who are skilled in it. Have a proficiency. Okay. You see, even a quick glance, there's a small broken statue that lies to the ground, and you can see the semblance of a destroyed shrine. This back room was a shrine to Melora, and has since been seemingly tossed aside in the hurried state of trying to protect one's family. It's in three pieces. As you pick it up, she goes, "Oh, I'm so sorry, we--" She goes for your hand and goes, "I didn't-- hopefully she'll forgive us, I know she will." "Melora?" And you've heard Melora, it's a whole section of Vasselheim that is based around her sphere of influence, and she is actually where most of the food in Vasselheim is grown in such a cold environment, her blessing is what allows the land there to be fertile for crops from many different places. But she tells you, and you can see the symbols too, the symbols that are carved in the side of the stone are these swirls, almost like a slow cascading spiral. She says, "Melora watches "over nature, she watches to make sure we have a good harvest, she makes sure we don't get washed "away in the storms, she makes sure that the ships to the far west make their passage across the "ocean, she looks out for us smaller folk and brings vengeance upon those who attempt to destroy "our life." As she looks distantly out the open door behind you into the city itself. "But anyway, "I'll repair that." Yes, you can. You take a moment, close your hands around it, close your eyes, and you can see what little bit of dried grass or moss that's gathered at the edges of the stone all of a sudden spreads and encompasses all the pieces of stone as you're holding it together. She takes a step back, her eyes full of wonder, as the moss then turns dark brown, like a shell of soft vegetation, and then cracks and falls away, leaving behind the stone statue in one piece. "She protects you, too." She looks over to her child, who's now sitting on the side, pulled a couple of these wooden toys out from the side and is gathering them in his arms and is grabbing all the things that he missed while he was taken away, and she says, "She brought you to me. She brought you to him." "She'll show you. In her own way." She takes the statue and, "Well, if there's anything else I can do for you." They were south of here by Foromir Basin. She takes a mental note. "No trees. All right. I haven't been that far south. Should we "get the others, should we tell others to come with us? If there is danger here--" "Okay, we will. Theodore? Start gathering your things, we're taking a little trip." He goes, "A trip! Yay!" And starts gathering more of his things, he gets a pillow case and starts putting stuff into it. "We haven't done a trip-- we haven't done a trip!" "I know. Thank you." Yeah, you're all together. "Yes?" "I mean-- usually the guards would go through and make sure that the things that were "living down there weren't living anymore, but-- I don't know anyone in particular that worked down "there. Sorry." "Okay?" "I've seen some folks come and go." "Reginald's daughter. I'll ask." "All right." No, no, he's maybe half an inch shorter than you. "What's your name?" "I will name you Pike." Throws it in the pillowcase. Says, "Thank you!" Gives you a quick little kiss on the forehead. You guys say your goodbyes, she lets you go and she locks the door behind and you gather they're making their necessary preparations. Where to next? All right. Not too far away, actually, you come to the red brick homestead where Pike, Grog, and Wilhand live. Mostly intact. The second floor, which you guys are definitely familiar with-- --part of it has fallen in, doesn't look like it's been set fire or any serious damage in that regard, some sort of nearby rubble or some sort of impact caused part of the roof to collapse from the outside. You come up to the front door. It's currently locked. No answer. Nothing. Technically, Pike, you do have the keys to the home. Unlocks the door. You push and the door hits something. It like budges maybe a quarter-inch. There is a window, there is cloth shuttered around it, you cannot see in the inside. You could probably get up there if you wanted. Go ahead and make a-- make an athletics check. It takes you a few minutes, but you eventually climb your way up, looking down into the second floor. Part of the roof is fully pushed in, it looks like there's a piece of wayward stone that was ejected from an impact not too far from here, possibly from one of the nearby temples, that ended up slamming through the roof. It's partially embedded in the ground, the wood's splintered up around it, but it didn't hit the bottom floor, it lodged itself in the floor of the second. Are you at the bottom floor? Bottom floor, all, there is some furniture that's busted, but a lot of the furniture's all been pushed right to the front door. There's a giant barricade of mishmashed furniture that is jammed impossibly into this front area. More amusing when you consider that there's a glass window right next to it that is not blocked at all, shuttered so carefully. Make a strength check, with advantage we'll say as you-- well, him, having advantage you're helping. 18. You guys have to slam it a few times, and the impact lodges a few things loose. Come cascading down, causing a bit of a racket, but eventually you manage to get it pushed open enough where you guys can squeeze through. Looking across the way, you see the fireplace mantle has been ruined where the original small shrine to Sarenrae used to be, looks like it's been knocked over and then put back together on top haphazardly, like it was shattered and then was put up there and is delicately keeping its form by how it was laid. The rest of the room is cold. It's quiet other than your footfalls. Okay. You go up to the bedroom area. As you go up the stairs, you can see the giant piece of stone that's smashed in there, where the bed would be in part of the bedroom area. Make an investigation check, both of you guys. What were you going to say? You guys go through the kitchen area, and as you are looking about, moving stuff, in the pantry area there is a small wooden slat that is partially moved across that leaves a small opening in the floorboards. "Shh! I'm not here!" Okay, you run and you push stuff out of the way. There's the one board that's slid open, all the rest of the boards are still loose and placed over it. Do you just take the boards and toss 'em up? As you pull the boards off, what little bit of light has made its way from the window on the far end of the kitchen, you can see a bit of glimmer off a set of glasses that immediately recoil in the shadow and go, "Oh!" "Pike? Oh my goodness." And his hand reaches out and grabs yours and you pull him up and he's covered in dust and dirt and he's probably been down there-- the smell, probably been down there for a few days. You give him a big hug, he has long, ratty, silver hair that's bald on the top, bowled on the sides, curled up and matted on the edges of his shoulders. His normally nice light blue, sky blue shirt is torn in places and covered in dirt. He has been living under the house for quite a while. There's a little bit of dried food crusted on the side of his chin. But he's there with a big ol' hug. "Pike, I missed you so much." "Look at you, look at you. Where'd you get this scar? Oh." "I want to hear this story-- and it's Grog!" Runs up, goes to give you a hug and goes, "Oh! Come down, come down." "You big guy." And his eyes go from really warm to suddenly very cold, and he goes, "They "came back for me. They came back for me. I saw 'em in the street." "They didn't find me though, they didn't find me." "I did, and they didn't find me at all. There was no way they could find me. I know where "the secret places are." "So. It's been a while! All of you!" "Yes, I remember." "Been a while." "No, you're unfamiliar to me. Nice to see you again." "Always nice to see a fellow gnome in these parts. You are?" "Right!" And he pats your shoulder. "So. You need to hide too?" "I knew you would! You've always been the strong one." "Yes?" "Well, they went after me years ago, nearly had me." "But I escaped." "I managed to flee, and took one of their own with me." "Nursed this one back to health, we did." "And I think I made 'em angry, so they came to Westruun trying to get revenge on old Wilhand, "but no, too keen for that, these eyes have seen the world!" "Not many actually, I don't get out very often." "No no no no. Don't give me a big head about it, it's fine." "Well, if they're all dead, let's have a meal!" "Okay." "Okay." "Right." "Okay." "Perfect." "Yes." "Dragon? What?!" (terrified noise) And he starts walking back towards the hole. "That's my Pike! Then this is nothing! The dragonslayer, Pike Trickfoot, "come again to kill another!" "Great. Wondrous." "Let me know when it's dead." He swats your hand away and goes, "Heh." Goes back down into the hole, you can hear him rummaging a little bit, something falls and shatters. (incoherent grumbling) Eventually he comes back out clutching a dark brown glass bottle with a cork in it, and he goes, "I'm going to need "some of this. Ugh." "This is the Trickfoot Special. Been distilling while you were away." "Ah, about two casks." It is awful. It is like potato moonshine in its most basic form. It is-- You probably singed your eyebrows just putting the bottle near your face, which you don't realize, halfway through the bottle as you drink it, you pick up, oh, it burns. This burns. "Let me get the cups." And he goes and opens the cabinet and there's shattered glass. "Okay, no cups." "Bottle it is." You guys pass the bottle around, finish off the bottle, it's-- Well, she took most of it. "You have a mansion?" "Pike. He has a mansion." He looks like he's coping with the past week's events. You get the sense he meant at dawn, to make an aggressive action. "Uh--" He starts walking over to the shrine, and he takes it off with his hand. "That's all I "need." As the head rolls off. "It's fine. They took ol' Davin, too." Davin was your neighbor. You didn't meet Davin, no. Very drunk. "No, its head's fine. Okay." Passes it over. "I will. You come back soon, my dumpling." And he squeezes your cheek a little bit. (whispers) "He has a mansion." (whispers) "A mansion!" "You're of marrying age, young Pike." "I'll tell you how it is." "Mansion. I'll tell you how it is." "You've been to his mansion?" "I don't know if I want to--" "Show me the mansion." As the shimmering doorway is conjured in the center of the room. The door opens and he looks inside. "Whoa." Turns around to you, looking at you through the doorway. "It's big." I need you to roll a hell of a persuasion check on this one. He goes "I'll think about it. I'd like to see more of your fine abode." They begin taking him on a tour of the grand estate. Okay. You guys took a short rest the end of the last session. So if you wanted to use any hit dice to heal yourself at that time. Your room is intact. It's a little dirty and some of the crumbled stone and roof part pushed its way into the room across the floor, but for the most part your room is intact. Wilhand's room, which was the main room on the upper floor, was the one that got destroyed by the fallen rubble. All right. What's the plan? Okay. Right, and some people are coming to the streets, though moving quickly from destination to destination. Word has gotten around and there's been a general sense of release throughout the city. You do pass a few of the Herd members, some of which are gathering their supplies, gathering their arms, some of them are dragging the bodies of friends that had died in previous frays or just haven't been tended to. And all of them keep a very intense eye on you. Nothing aggressive, but not friendly either. From what you saw? Oh man. It was bigger than the blue, about equal size to the white. The one that you fought at the Keep-- Yeah, it was, I'd say from height size of standing on its legs, probably, I dunno, 30 to 40 feet tall? You've fought them. At this point, you guys have, as you hit the end of your sentence, Percy, you all look up and you all see the two-story building with a dark red brick contrasting against Wilhand's home, it's a deep-set heavy brick with dark wood siding to it, and it looks like dark marble finishes certain elements of the base of it, it matches the description that was given to you by Quall. It looks like the door is partially ajar. All right. So what's the plan? All right, if you want to make an investigation check. Investigation's for traps, perception is to notice how to disarm it. 27. You approach the front door, doesn't appear to be trapped, you open partly the door and the interior, fireplace is still going, and you see the crackle in the distance, fine furniture set up. There is the body of a goliath face-down on the ground about five feet from the front door, head splattered across the ground. You also look around the circumstances, and you glance upward to where his head would be, and amongst all these stone tiles in the ceiling, there's one that's set slightly lower than the rest, right above where that splatter occurred. Both of you guys make investigation checks as you slowly move forward at a slow pace. Okay. The two of you guys scoot forward, and you find there are four different pillars in the ceiling that are arranged in a similar way. They are triggered by a little bit of pressure, and you see there's a rug that oversets it, you can see the slight variations in the texture of the ground where the actual trigger plates are. You get the sensation that this house was going to be ransacked, and then the troop that came in, one of them went (crushing noise) and they went nooope and backed out of the house. (laughter) Yeah, there's the main living area that has the fireplace, and then stairs that go up and stairs that go down. It's like a giant foyer area, there's an area that passes behind the stairs, something that would go into a kitchen area, like a dining room kitchen. Does Trinket wait outside, or is Trinket following you? (disgruntled bear noises) Lumbers forward, gives you a look like-- Trinket's pulled into the amulet. Amulet which you've now been in. You don't know. Got to leave your mark. Yeah. Go ahead and make an investigation check. Okay. The stairs-- As you begin to inspect, you reach out and take the railing and take the first step and your foot passes through the stair. You go to try and stop him as he pushes his head through the step. You pass through this illusory staircase, and you look up and you can see the bottom half of the staircase. This area is a slide that descends into darkness. You having your darkvision can see that the slide descends into a now-cold furnace. No, you look up and if you, from where the illusion is the illusory stairs stop at a ceiling, a stone ceiling that leads down, you can't look past it, looking up you can see a landing and a secondary floor. Yeah, there's precariously placed-- Yeah, there's like a couple throw pillows on the couch that are by the-- (roar-of-fire sound) You guys watch as a jet of flame jettisons out from the staircase. (laughter) The staircase descends, solid stairs. Partway down, you do see a slight carving in the stone, a glyph of some kind that is faintly hidden with dust and dirt placed to fill the gap. There is some sort of a symbol ever-so-faintly hidden in the stone halfway down. Make an arcana check. It appears to be magical in nature. The symbols elude you, their construct, the arcane equation that is based around this, you can't tell if it's still functional or not, but it is magical in its construction. (laughs) Okay. The pillow-- (impact) down the stairs. This would be a Dispel Magic spell, for the record. You have it prepared? Then yeah, you could give it a shot. All righty. So. Pike. So as you step forward, they point out this glyph on the wall. You're going to cast Dispel Magic on it, I need you to go ahead and roll a d20 and add your spellcasting ability modifier, which-- That doesn't count. Roll it intentionally. So, your wisdom modifier is actually a five, because she forgot to add her level 12 bonus we discovered recently. So it's now a 20, plus five on the roll. So go ahead and roll a d20, add five. 18. As you reach up and grab your symbol of Sarenrae, you focus for a second and there is a flash, like a flashbulb. As it flashes, the glyph glows for a second, and then you hear what sounds like a cracking sound. And this glowing energy seems to shatter, almost like glass made of energy. As the energy fades and falls out of the glyph, it hits the ground and it dissipates into a light mist that then vanishes. The stairs from underneath go all the way up to underneath the point, you haven't attempted to go over if you wanted to, it's up to you. I mean, the stair illusion is the entire staircase. But you haven't-- you don't see what's on the actual landing. So. You get onto the broom, bring yourself to rise up, speaking the keyword, which is-- There you go. (laughter) As your weight is lifted by the broom, your feet actually fall through the illusion itself. So you guys watch as the lower half of his body vanishes against the stairs as he passes through it. You make your way up to the secondary floor. Dark up here, you see there are two rooms. Both doors are open. The one to the right appears to be some sort of a desk, study, bookshelves, but all the books are gone. The desk appears to be cleaned out. Actually, all the drawers are open and there are a couple of haphazard writing utensils that have dropped on the floor, but it looks like Quall was trying to leave in a hurry, grabbed most of what was important to him. Except for one thing, which is what he sent you here to get. The other one appears to be a bedroom, there appears to be a garish canopy bed with like spiral edges, with like little gold-leaf imprints into it-- Okay. This room does not appear to be trapped. You look under the bed. Under the bed there is a small chest that is pushed to the very back, you pull it out, shhk. I, as it tends to. Go ahead and make an investigation check now. 26. The chest does not appear to be trapped. It is locked. Okay. So you go ahead and take out your lockpick. Go ahead and roll a d20, add your dex and your proficiency bonus, you're proficient in the tools. (click) The lock is open. Open it. There's a handful of copper. Looks like the other thing that was within this chest was also taken by Quall on his way out. It does. (cheering) You move some of the copper out of the way, and you feel for it, as you push on one corner, the floor of the actual chest shifts a little bit. You lift it up and-- At the bottom of this you see a key. A single brass-colored key. Make a general investigation check throughout the room as you search for any nooks and crannies, hidden spaces. Okay. You come to the conclusion that there is nothing else to find in this room. You look behind one of the paintings, and-- it's a wall behind it. (laughter) You checked the bedroom, now you looked within the office study with a desk and all the drawers were left open and things have already been taken from the room. You glide your way down, back to the main floor. You guys are now at the top of the stairs leading into the basement, what're you going to do? So roll a dexterity saving throw. Okay. As you step past the glyph, the wood beneath your foot creaks and you instinctually leap forward, landing on your feet. Nothing happens. (laughter) I mean, other than the rooms you guys went into, there was the dining room area and the kitchen area. Investigation checks from both you guys. Okay. Are you letting them wander and you're staying where you are? All right. So, Keyleth, you wander through the dining area towards the kitchen-- Percy, you scope around the other side, checking around elements-- Right. Nothing catches your attention specifically. You get to the kitchen, the kitchen is cold, layer of dust. Doesn't appear to be anything of particular interest in there. So. You guys who wish to head down into the basement-- Grog, you're still staying outside? Okay, so you walk to the other side of the street on your own. I mean, if you sit for like up to half an hour or an hour rest, then yeah. Okay. All right, you guys make it down to the basement area. This is a very, very small room, 20 by 20 feet, and there is a door, a big heavy-ass metallic door that has-- A very specific keyhole, yes. There is some sort of an enchantment on the door, and the keyhole area itself. You can't ascertain the nature of it, but as you approach you can see that the metallic sheen shimmers without the light changing. There is something about it that is unnatural. Nope. As you mark off your second third-level spell, releasing the Dispel Magic, the shimmer intensifies for a moment on the door and then returns to its natural state. So what're you doing, Scanlan? Yeah, I mean, a key's not-- Mage Hand can even do five pounds on its own. There's a slight shift of wind. And while you guys see nothing after the wind fades, you know Mort is with you. Nothing happens. The key lifts out of your hand. It's now in the middle of the air. A light breeze shimmers before you. What're you going to do? The key drifts over, finds, turns, enters the keyhole. Turns to the side. The metal around the keyhole begins to glow brighter and brighter and brighter for a second. The outer rim of the door itself begins to glow accordingly, like the actual frame of the metal door begins to go from this dull, dull old iron look to this almost red to orange to white-hot vision and then fades to darkness, and the door (creaking). You go through. Your hair gets tousled. You unintentionally shoulder-check Mort. Sure. Investigation check. Stepping into the room, you do see that this is a chamber familiar to you. You actually had a room similar to this in your keep. This is, specifically, an arcane sanctuary. This is used for the construction and the enchantment and the development of various arcane items. Similar to-- you've seen the chamber before at Gilmore's, although on smaller scale. This has seen various types of use. There's an alchemical setup in one corner, untouched. Mort has joined you. Perception check. Okay. The architecture catches your attention. Okay. And what did you say you were going to do? Setup, okay, there's various glass beakers-- I mean, there are supplies. You can see there are. There is a small rack that has many glass vials that contain ground materials, liquids, various metals, they're all labeled-- what languages do you know? Oh, Elven? You're not able to read the actual label. What other languages do you know? Also can't read it. From what you can tell, there's symbols for, you know, mercurial liquid metals. There are many different herbal elements that are in here. There are a few that the design on the label shows toxicity. You see there are iron filings, all these things that are used in various-- You have the brew potion ability, correct? So you also recognize some of these are used in the process of preparing liquids with an easy-to-accept presentation when you're enchanting and brewing a potion. Okay. Go for it. 16? You look around the room. You don't see a circlet, but what you do notice in the far end of the room is a 12-foot-tall humanoid structure built of solid stone that stands there looming across the way. Giant piston-like stone arms, tree trunk-like legs. You've encountered something like this before-- Well, no, this was in the druid barrows-- All right. As you approach the giant stone entity, pulling the rope out, you can see, embedded in the chest, there's a little slit, a very, very tiny slit in its stone chest. You see a faint blue sparking glow, the very same color of the cortex that you had recovered from the druid barrows when you were originally hired by Drez Vina to recover it. As you see this and you approach, it doesn't seem to react. The Master's who hired you. Well, the first one you encountered was built for the barrow from whoever was in charge-- You take a step forward. No reaction. Okay. You guys bring the rope around and you tie it pretty taut around the legs, which are pretty close together. They're not like in a wide aggressive stance. It's standing there inert. You wrap the rope around it multiple times, give it the best knots that you have. Okay, so as you climb to the top and you get up there and smear this big ol' Pringles can-style mustache out of charcoal on the front of this stone golem's featureless face. Now it has personality. You glance through this little slit and it's about that wide, like you can barely see the flicker, and the stone is about a good foot and a half, two feet deep before you even see the source of the light. It's a very, very thin slit to it, and from what little bit you can see, you see the gem is embedded in there with multiple metallic and stone things keeping it suspended there. Make an investigation check. 20. Ah, well, he was up against its head, there was no circlet on the golem. Looking at it, I mean, there's no trap per se, it's part of the construct of this construct. Stone. Not from what you can see, no. Okay. Okay. Pull it out, hold it aloft, it begins to glow a little bit and react. The golem's chest glows a little bit and reacts. In a far distant corner, underneath the alchemical table, in a pile of some pieces of wood and crumpled stone, there's a slight dull glow. Okay, you pull it away. You find an almost full loop of metal. Yeah, it is, actually. Yeah. No. No, the circlet's glow has faded. You have it in your hand. A series of notes scribbled on the paper. You can see a number of sketches of the construct of the actual golem itself, pieces of its body and its form, but some of it's been torn and crumpled up, tossed aside, failed attempts. No. Okay. No, nothing. What're you doing? Okay. Okay. So the circlet floats in the air, just out of reach. Concentrate, as soon as you place it on your head, it locks to the sides of your head and you feel this cold probing into your mind for a moment. It's funny because it's relevant. All right. So, you feel there is a connection trying to be made, but you would need time to attune to this, should you want to take the time to do so. 30 minutes to an hour, depending. Grog, much time goes by. 20, 30 minutes. Not a peep. Silence. I mean, a few folks wander by, looking nervous around you. Make a perception check. Okay. You do notice on the far end of the street there does appear to be a pair of individuals that are leaned against a building, looking right at you. They're about a block and a half down the direction you came. You can. Just the bloodaxe? Okay. So you sit down, your hands still inside the gauntlets, and take a moment to find the connection. You feel this rush of adrenaline hit your body as your hands seem to go numb for a moment, and in a flash your eyes see the chaos of the elements, of the creation of planets slamming into flames and earth, this instant vision of the very force of creation, a time before civilization, and you feel that fiery wrath all of a sudden burn through your fingertips. The vision ends and you look down, and as you curl your fingers, strength pulses through your body that you haven't understood in a while. As you're coming over that moment, the bloodaxe solidifies in your grip, and you can see where this rush could definitely send Kevdak's head to get a little big. So, you take the time and eventually the connection finds its way and there's a clarity, and you, as it hits you at the end of this restful period in the basement, you open your eyes and you feel-- it's hard to describe, a bit of coldness in your head that's off to the right side of your head. It's this slight tickle of cold. Right there, almost like inside your skull. Okay. Okay. You look down at your hands and try to manifest the cold. Nothing happens. You turn to the golem, and as you turn, the cold shifts to the front, in the direction of the golem. Suddenly, the eyes, which were dark, flare with bright blue light, matching his chest-- --and as he does, fwoomp, boom! Face-down onto the ground, the rope coming taut, it slams into the floor. You hear this loud impact beneath the ground. No response. It's still face-down on the ground. As you're trying to cut the rope free, it starts standing up. You finally pull away as its foot backs up and almost crushes you. As it rights itself and stands before you. It has a majestic, black mustache across its face, its glowing arcane-driven eye sockets and its pulsing blue energy source in its chest, stands looking down at you intently. Turns to Vax. Big ol' stony middle fingers about that wide around. As you guys are scanning around the floor, no sign of any sort of instruction manual, the way that things have been pulled out of here, and the way the circlet was found, you get the feeling as you look about this place that in the escape, Quall was grabbing and Drez Vina were grabbing everything they could, and didn't realize until they had left that the circlet had fallen from their grasp and been left behind. Anything else they probably have that is pertaining to this experiment. He's a construct. Well, I mean, you'd have to try to find out. There's no response. Puts the finger out. Touches the locket. So what's the plan? I mean, he is a creature. Just the particular enchantment based on this, you get the sense that as part of the realm of the Raven Queen is the living and the dead, and this is not necessarily a living creature, it's a construct and the magic does not have an effect on it. That magic. Yeah, this requires attunement to wear. Has to fit through the opening. You cast the spell for a second, using your bardic flair you wink and reach out and touch the golem, and the golem's form vanishes. You tell it to follow? (stomping) As you guys come to the doorway and begin stepping through, you watch as the doorframe goes (breaking metal), and it's bent outward like something bursting out of a tuna can. (laughter) You can try. You know from your experience that the Glove of Storing is usually for handheld objects. Okay. (stomping) You guys make your way up the stairs. As you make it up towards the top of the stair landing, you hear the crashing of wood behind you as the golem begins making its way up the staircase, destroying it in the process. No, this is all down in the basement. You guys make your way up, as it tears through the stairs. There is a stonework incline the stairs are built on, so it just destroys the wood, but it still manages to make its way up into the house itself, breaking through the banister. You don't even see it, you just see parts of the house (sounds of destruction). It steps forward into the center of the room on one of the plates that you had marked. The thing goes (impact). And stops in the middle of the air, before a couple smoke sparks go (sparks). Another one. (impacts) The golem's about 12 feet tall, ten to 12. The dragon's like 30 to 40. You guys all look at Grog across the street, sitting, clutching the bloodaxe, almost in a lotus position, looking at it. You guys glance up and see Grog smiling, as suddenly behind them, (crashing), the doorway blows out and wood gets thrown out in the middle of the roadway, splintered ruin. There's a giant dome shape of the front of the house where brick and wood has been blown out. Okay, you get halfway across, pass them before whack! Something hits you really hard in the face, and you can already feel the blood running in the back of your sinuses. You reach out and there's a very solid surface in front of you. You reach up, as you're feeling out, all of a sudden, a giant form grasps you from behind and shakes your hand. Roll a strength check. 19. As this invisible hand meets, the strength is overwhelming, and then as you focus, you take over the handshake and force it to move your way. You are stronger than it. As you guys make your way back towards the classic Trickfoot estate with the somewhat muted (stomping) behind you. The sun is just now starting to hit the sunset period of the day. The sky's going from a blue to a lighter white to an orange color, dusk is upon you shortly. And with that, we're going to take a bathroom break. We'll be back here shortly, guys, once again I want to say give some love to our Loot Crate sponsors if you can, at the very least go check it out and see what they got, go to www.lootcrate.com/criticalrole. Even if you're not interested in subscribing right now, go click on the link and let them know that Critters have some eyes and want to show them some love. But yeah, guys, we'll see you back here in a few minutes. Welcome back, everyone. So! Back from break, Vox Machina made their way back to Wilhand's estate, the Trickfoots. For the sake of brevity, you did manage to get the Fassbender golem in through the ten-foot-tall door, five-foot-wide that leads into it. So it was able to barely squeeze in if you wanted to leave it there for the time being. Okay. There it fits into it. What do you want to try? Yeah, I mean, it's as big as he wants it to be. So where are you heading? And in doing so, you reaffirm the single-piece form that was the small shrine setup for the Sarenrae shrine in the home. We'll get to that in a moment. Where are you going? So, now as the sun is disappearing right behind the mountains and nighttime is coming, you lead Vax southward through Westruun, dodging around a few patrolling goliath Herd members, and eventually find your way to the alley where the entrance to the sewer, the protruding entrance existed where you left Dr. Dranzel and Kaylie and a number of survivors that were in the ruined Temple of Arathis. All right. Dranzel closed it behind him, you go ahead and grab it. Make a strength check. We'll say between the two of you pulling, Scanlan most of the weight, you manage to (strained sounds). Pull the grate, it scrapes, and you manage to haul it off to the side. It's still a difficult process but you do manage enough strength in the two of you to pull it off. The stench of the sewer immediately hits your nose, there is a metal ladder that leads down into the subterranean area. Okay, make a survival check. Oh wait no, is this for checking for traps or tracking? Yes. Survival. As you're down inside the sewer, there is a recess in the center of the floor where most of the various sludge runs through. There are bits of runoff from when the rain does pour through, and it rains fairly often here in this part of Tal'Dorei, where bits of mud and compost that get caught on the sides are. You do manage to find a few spots that appear like footsteps, you don't know who from, it appears some sort of humanoid's footsteps, over an area that heads southward. The one you see is about the same size. Okay. You continue, both of you guys make stealth checks. Okay. You guys continue finding your way, weaving through the southern area, following the tracks they vanish and you'll see a couple footprints here, and then you guys will lose the trail. The scent is terrifying and getting worse the further south you progress. You do head into one central chamber and both of you guys make perception checks. You both stop in as you immediately see in the center of this room a large bulbous form that is massed in the center. You both stop. It is not moving. Yeah, it's like a four-way, four different platforms or passages merge in the center here, where one of the drains leads down into-- I mean, you do see bits of sludge around, and there are a number of footprints that are all scattered around, some smeared, some skidding. Make a survival check. 13. Keeping track of where you were and the direction, you gather it's probably that way. As you carefully move past, you look and you see-- you did encounter one of these entities before, when you were tracking down the rakshasa. It's a terrible swollen creature with tendrils, a mouth, it feeds on refuse and rot. This was a rather swollen and dangerous-looking one. However, as you pass by and look, you see a series of wounds across its body and its lifeblood dripping out. This one has been slain. Survival check again. You followed the tracks. The tracks vanish, you're not sure how to follow a direction. I mean, it all congeals in this general area, most of the central room, the middle area is very clustered with slime and goop. There's no natural flow and there hasn't been a very recent rainfall so there isn't a fresh flow of water through here either. I mean, based on where you're going, you guys can follow that path. And we'll say for the sake of brevity you eventually find your way to a portion of the sewer, dodging a few shady-looking areas to where a final grate leads out into the night. Because it is night at this point in time. It's a large ten-foot-tall circular grate. If you look, the bars are actually bent open and it leads outward, the liquid from the sewage now spills out into this small ravine in the very southern portion of Westruun. And leads out into-- No, it's up like this, it's vertical. You see the open plains south of Westruun. I mean, looking around you can see a few footprints, scattered footprints, you can make a survival check. Ten? Nothing that specifically catches your attention. Eventually you guys make your way back. Little roundabout, but they get there eventually, they return to the mansion-- Smelling awful. All right, so. You wanted to go ahead and do some exercises with Fassbender. That's faded by now, yeah. Too late now. It's in stone. It basically is, yeah. And he runs about the same speed you do, I mean as far as its bigger steps, but it gets about the same distance. Do you do anything? The golem pulls back, whoosh, swings at you with a giant fist. That is a 19. All right. Whack. Right square to the side of the face and jaw, you take, from the impact of its giant battering-ram-like arm, 24 points of bludgeoning damage. You're not raging, so it's not halved. Okay, go ahead and roll for an attack. That hits. So you do one plus the plus seven strength damage to it. So eight points of-- Huh? Well, it's not a save, your fists for this because you're not a tavern brawler and we're saying because you're not like on even ground with the other guy. You're doing boom, one point of damage from the punch plus seven for the strength. So eight points of damage from the crack as the fist hits. It does cause like a crack where the impact hits, a little bit. Okay. Okay. Bolt of lightning hits a dummy, the dummy is shattered. As you command Fassbender, Fassbender leaps forward at another dummy, whoosh, giant haymaker and causes the dummy to explode into a bunch of fluff and cloth. No. I mean, you have to focus on it, yeah. I mean, you can give it-- you have an action to give it a command, and it'll continue the command as it goes. Hmm, let's see. It takes an action to focus and give it a new command. Yes. Once it is commanded, it will continue to do it until told otherwise or it completes whatever task it was given. Based on your experience with it so far, theoretically it should work. No response. Yeah, there, it's-- no response. It turns over, brings its hands up like this-- make a wisdom saving throw. (laughs) You feel like-- You've been near explosions before, not like super close but big enough where you feel like the concussive wave from a distance, not enough to harm you, but enough to like, send you off your balance for a moment. You feel that impact, and as you fall onto your back foot, time around you seems to be moving faster that you'd expect, and (slow-mo voice) you find your motion sluggish. (slow-mo voice) And you really have a hard time really moving-- Make another wisdom saving throw. (slow-mo voice) Not really changing. (slow-mo voice) No apparent change in Percy. (normal voice) He stands there. Looks at the dummy, looks back at you. Go ahead and roll for that. Okay. This is, this, hmm. So you go ahead and reach out and touch it, and the healing magic seeps up into the crack that Grog left behind, and the crack fuses shut. For how much was the total? Yeah, fuses shut entirely, it's like there was no crack. About a minute passes, and then you come back to your normal pace. It's getting six feet off the ground vertically. And then landing with a heavy impact each time, causing these divots to continuously push into the ground. Tiny little boulder. It hits the target, the stone shatters across it. You take two points of bludgeoning damage. Unable to control its force. For the record, while this has happened, Mort, who's been following you guys around because it's not concentration, the circlet that he was carrying, the one that you previously had, hit the ground. And is lying there on the ground. The eyes go to a very, very dull glow, its form tends to slightly hunch forward in the position it was at rest when you found it in the basement, seems to have gone into some sort of a rest state. As you reach up, you go to pull it off your head-- and it slides off without a problem. (shouting) So, while this is happening-- you guys. No response. What are you doing? There's, the level, what spell do you have prepared that'll help with this, if any? That you have prepared. There's a level one spell, Detect Good and Evil, if you have that prepared, that would detect for an evil entity. Identify is more of an arcane-based. That would be like Scanlan or any other arcane casters you would know. I mean, it's hard to insight check something that's not living from what you can tell. There's no communication, there's nothing, it just looks like an axe. Sure. Okay, go ahead and roll for an attack. Wait, no, just damage is doubled. That was pretty funny. All right. So. As you rear back, your fist slams into the stonework here of your magnificent mansion, the stonework shatters, eight, up to 16 points of damage from the sheer punch against the wall, the stone sends a crack through that actually pierces to the top of the rather large 25-foot ceiling here in the training area that has been crafted by Scanlan. Stones tumble and hit the ground, a bunch of it, plaster and pieces fall and hit the area around you, causing a small pile of wreckage. Pretty solid punch. It sticks into it. You're not as strong as him per se, you're-- Your strength is 13, right? Your strength is 13, right? Strength is 13, right? It's not, because you haven't put the gauntlets on. All righty. So your strength is back up to 19 with the Gauntlets of Ogre Power. Beefy Pike is back. As this time has passed, you guys do return to the mansion, yeah. Not a problem. You are currently resistant to acid damage. You'll have to make your way to another city. Yeah. It's past dusk at this time, the hours you guys were traveling, I'd say it's probably close to 9PM. For you guys to get a full rest, you got to sleep soon if you're trying to get up pre-dawn. It's up to you. A long rest is six to eight hours. You have no idea. I mean, a lot of people have left and gone to Kymal, a lot have left and gone to the Foramere Basin, which you already saw. And a lot of people are still within the city, and currently being lorded over and run--or were-- by the Herd, you don't know quite how many still remain. You've seen many jump between homes, and a few that've waited for this whole thing to blow over. I mean, you're looking at maybe four digits, low four digits. Go ahead. You can try to if you want to. You guys make your way to the kitchen? There is a-- what did you have in mind? He's already gone, you don't know where he is. Vax disappeared in the confusion. You head back to the main dining area. There is a full meal prepared of very creative uses of chicken. (laughter) Wilhand is slumped in the corner on a stool with a bottle of wine that is mostly empty. A bit of drool dribbling down his neck. He's passed out in a corner with a bottle of white wine that's half-empty. (laughs) Death grip on the bottle. Cuddles it up with the blanket around it, he's like this little bundle of old gnomish sleeping joy right now. No. You do recall based on your previous scrying spell-- --it was ruined, a lot of it picked over, Allura was escaping with a couple of tomes under her arms before escaping via spark. So what's the plan? Minutes of silence pass. No response. Nothing. Okay. As you get to your bed, you look down and a single black feather is currently set on the pillow before you. All right. The rest of you going to sleep for the evening? Okay. Okay. And-- anything else, before the evening's rest comes? All right. Sleep finds you all, some easier than others, until a measured period of time, I believe? Grog sprung awake, gathered the folks in the pre-dawn hour of the following morning. You gather your stuff, exit the mansion, and start making your way towards the Margrave's house. Make a perception check. You guys exit Wilhand's place and there is a cross-street that Wilhand's home is nearby, that's like a building sandwiching it on each side, and the one just south of it is on the corner of that cross street. Across the way as you guys exit the room, or exit the front of the building, you see two figures stand up, arms crossed. The same individuals you saw earlier. Okay. You approach, you recognize them. They're the same two people that were watching you while you guys were resting directly after the battle with Kevdak in the center of the square, the two that were assigned to keep an eye on you. They look at each other. "Veskin. Mortar. What do you want?" "Keeping an eye out." "Because you killed our leader. Takes a while to see what strength is a man who's killed "your leader. If he's a murderer. If he's an honor-bound man. Or if he's a piece of shit that "you should wipe off your heels." "Takes a bit of watching to get that. Jury's still out." They look at each other. "Maybe." "Nothing else to do." And they wipe a little bit of sleep from one of the corner of the eye. "Lead on." Okay. Okay. So you've re-attuned to the original circlet. You guys, walking through the town as you do, there is a bit of business, there are, some of the street lanterns have been lit, where previously at this hour they would be greatly diminished, there is movement, you see some of the Herd that are now wandering forth, armoring up, gathering weapons, you know this. This is the morning before a siege. This is the pre-dawn meditation before the Herd takes its next-- yeah. Warpaint being applied, breakfasts being enjoyed, people preparing themselves for the frenzy of battle, this is the pre-war ritual of the Herd of Storms. As you make your way southward, across the once-battlefield, returned-town-square outside the Margrave's home, to the front doors, the door is open and you see there are two individuals sitting at the front. One of which is a goliath keeping watch, to the right of him on the other side is a gruff-looking female human, humanoid, sitting there, arms crossed, watching as you guys approach. "He's expecting you, get in." So you guys walk into the house, you see the interior of the Margrave's abode. Across the way there is a haphazard throne that's been built from lumber and carts and things that were pulled from resources within the town. You can see this is probably where Kevdak sat once they had taken the home, the estate. Are you all entering with Grog? Okay. You guys all enter into the foyer area. The throne is across the way, there's a long hallway that leads to the back of the estate, and at the very back you can see the throne. There are some low sconces in the walls that give the flicker of light, in the center there is a round table which is currently set. There are some weapons and daggers, a few javelins tossed onto it, looks like some fruit that's partially eaten, and there on the table you see Zanror, already armored up, arms splayed across the side, looking down at the table, looking down at the weapons before him. Behind him, you see his wife, the lady, the other pregnant goliath that is currently behind rubbing his shoulders and talking to him into his ear. They both look up and see as you approach, at which point Zanror whispers to her for a second. He says, "We have company." They both sit back as he goes upright as you approach. "Glad to "see you had the sense to take my summons. So. Now's the day where we prepare." (sighs) "First and foremost, Grog, take that shit off. It's really freaking out most of our people." "It's confusing, to say the least, aye?" "To each their own, I suppose. Heh. You've fallen in some strange paths since we last met." "Rest of you, can we expect your attendance in this glorious fight?" "Good. Good." "We're prepared now. And we've met around with the remaining Herd, we've spread the tale of "Kevdak's fall. Demanded solidarity under my arms and yours. And our plan to show our strength and "independence from his reign by cutting down the black dragon of Gatshadow. Many are easily swayed "by words of bloodshed and glory. Others, the hesitation in their eyes worries me. Now "Greenbeard had set us down a path of ruin, coming here. We conquer and move as a people. This "life without roaming, lording over a broken city, living under the thumb of a drake? This is not our "life. Since Greenbeard's age and selfishness had caught up to him, Kevdak's lust for the fear of "others swayed his judgment into more self-indulgent territory. And while we all quelled "rebellion, gathered gold and goods, while I parlayed with that beast, my uncle stayed in "here." Points back at the throne behind him. "Taking his drink and his women, breaking those "who could not defend themselves out of idle boredom. I could see it. Regret. He'd listened to "the old man and led us into ruin, but the only thing stronger than Kevdak's might was his pride. "So we stayed. He could not admit he was wrong. He abandoned reason and foresight. And I questioned "him, our actions here in the city. Our future. He beat me and threw me into chains. So learning from "the mistakes, here. When this dragon is done, we leave. We have no place in this city." "Please understand, the dragon has claimed quite the tithe from our people. We've provided "what we can, what we could scavenge, but even then the coffers of this town that we could acquire are "growing thin. The reason that we were preparing for this attack even before you arrived is because "we were at the end of our rope. Many of the people made away from this town with their goods before "we came, and many still have escaped our grasp when we took over. So the paltry sums that we "could gather in the time that we did hold reign over Westruun-- the dragon is not going to be "happy that each package dwindles with each passing couple of days. Either we take this element of "surprise and fight it on our own terms, or we wait for it to come to us angry, on its. And if we "leave now, the Herd may survive. But I haven't heard of a dragon that when crossed lets that "vengeance fly. And I'll be honest with you, we leave a trail behind us, as you know." At this point, the door slams open behind you guys. You see a muscular man walks in, skin sun-scarred and calloused, his long, black hair clustered in wild, unkempt clumps. A wild elf, Tress, who accompanied you to the square naught but earlier the day before walks in behind him. "Ivon, your timing is good. We speak on." At which point this man steps forward to the table, pushing you guys aside and looking directly at Zanror. "We do not recognize you, Zanror. Kevdak was the "Thunderlord who conquered the River Maw, and now he's dead. You take his title unearned and intend "to lead us into suicide against a dragon that even Kevdak feared. We will not stand for this. The "River Maw are picking up and leaving. Now. We return to our fens, to lead our people. You can "all die for your own reasons." Zanror leans forward, very serious, a grave look on his face. "Are you saying you're abandoning the Herd?" At which point you can see there's tension in his muscles, and you can see Tress currently reaching back for a weapon and Ivon, not breaking a sweat, leans into his face, square chiseled jaw going, "Yeah. I guess that's what I'm saying. Herd of "Storms is no more if you're going to lead us into death. We'd rather live on. Back to the lives we "had before you came in and mucked it up." "Close the doors!" Zanror says, and the door shuts behind. Zanror looks to you. "What do you say, Grog Strongjaw, slayer of Kevdak, he who raises might "against the dragon?" "The rest of you, those who travel this world afar, outside of our people, where does your "allegiance lie?" Ivon turns to you now, eyes red with fury. "Who're you calling a coward, little man?" Make an intimidation check. Ten. He's still staring at Scanlan. (spits) Spits right in your face. "No. It's not. Neither is calling me a coward." As you take a step back, he stands back up, turns to Zanror. "Zanror. Open the door. Let us go "live our lives and you can run into whatever fires you want. The last thing we need is a civil "war this morning." What do you say? Turns to you. "And you are?" "We take 18 with us, west of the Fens. Let us be. It's not fair to drag them into this chaos." Make a persuasion check. With disadvantage. Because you're a tiny gnome talking up to a very burly man who's-- Right. Go ahead and make your roll. On charismas? (laughter) Yeah. That's not really going to help with that, unfortunately. This is persuasion. "It's interesting, Zanror, I walk into here and suddenly all the tiny people are talking for "you. Tress, let's go." "I ain't got time for this shit anymore." "And your tiny people are going to do better?" "Killed dragons?" "Lemme see that." He pulls it forward and looks it over. "Can buy that in any caravan that "passes through." "Open the door." The door slowly opens behind them. "All right, Ivon, you want to leave? "Go. Take your people. But you better go now. Because when we're done cutting that dragon down "we're going to come after you. Deserters. Or you can come to this fight with us. Yes, these "dragon-slayers, he who fell from the sky and cut the uncuttable down-- we will gloriously bathe in "the blood of that beast, take back the spoils that we fed it. You can do what you please. I have no "interest in lording over you." Looks about the rest of you. "I've got your arms at my back for "this. Aye?" TRAVIS, ASHLEY, and Tress puts her hand to the side. Ivon looks at her. "We'll take our chances with the wild." Turns around and exits the room. All right. Okay. Go ahead and make a strength check. Plus four to your roll, is what it'd be. (stumbling) Catches himself. Shoots you a look. They both exit out the door. Door closes. "Sorry about that. So." "18... you're looking at about 25 strong. We have more wounded, but they're not going to be "of use in this battle." "25 strong people." "No, she's not--" And she turns around and goes, "I will fight in this. You are not going to "keep me from glory." He goes, "She will fight with us." "Well, the creature sleeps at the top of Gatshadow. We've acquired an ally in this city "that seems to know a secret byway to get to the side of that cavern. I figure that way we can go "ahead and take the fight to it where it sleeps, when it's not ready." "Can't fly if it's stuck in a cave." "Only from afar, but we have some scouts that are making their way there right now." "Should know soon." "That is correct." "It's better than not." "I'm all ears. What have you got?" "Tomorrow morning, just after dawn." "What kind of trap?" "Huh. That's the only way it knows how to speak. Fucking cold-minded beast." "Can't wait to sever its head from its neck." Make a persuasion check. Does anyone want to aid? Takes a moment. "We'll take your day. Set what you need. We'll go ahead and call the troops "off for the day. Heal our wounded. Let's make this such a majestic death for this terrible creature." "I'll talk to our Speakers. They should be able to mount what they can. Acid, you say?" "Okay. We'll do that." "Would like one of you to at least go with them, but aye, we can do that. All right. Let's "begin our planning, for tomorrow we kill a dragon." And on that note we're going to end tonight's episode. Pick this up next week. You totally did! We can Skype you in. Oh. Wait, what? Is it open? All right guys, the Geek and Sundry open beta is next week! We'll be hosting, oh, Talking Heads, awesome new shows every day, a bunch of new shows we'll be trying out from up here on the channel. Essentially, yeah. We'll be throwing a bunch of cool stuff up. Be every day at looks like 500 Pacific on twitch.tv/geekandsundry, where you are now most likely? But yeah. Come check out next week, bunch of new content thrown at this channel, come and give it your support, see if it's your speed, feedback, all the fun stuff. And also once again, thank you, Loot Crate, for being our sponsor. It's been awesome to have an official sponsor for once. I know, it's weird. Yeah. So once again, you can go to www.lootcrate.com/criticalrole, put in "criticalrole" to get three dollars off your subscription, it's awesome, thank you for watching. Back next week and I think interesting things are going to happen.