Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. Tonight is going to be interesting based on where we left off last time, but before we get to all of that, let me get through tonight's announcements for you guys so we can get to the game proper. For those of you who are drinking first shot, there you go. First and foremost, tonight's episode is brought to you by our good friends at Loot Crate! Sam, did you want to take us away? Go to lootcrate.com/criticalrole and use the promo code CriticalRole, one word, you get 10% off your first month of Loot Crate. Sam couldn't say that because his mouth is full of bunny. But let's go ahead and open. That's actually really cool. All about the Harry Potter blanket. Look at this blanket, guys Wanded, and Extremely Dangerous. I need more of these medallions, by the way. You're slowly becoming more and more your character. This will be a murder weapon in some case over the next year. It's ridiculous. Watch it! Awesome. Thank you, Loot Crate. As a heads up, guys, next week on December 6th from 600 to 700pm, they're doing a Puzzle Quest special stream here on Geek & Sundry, and a number of us are going to be there with Ivan. Big thank you to Magic the Gathering Puzzle Quest for putting this together. You guys probably remember back in September a few of us showed up for Game the Game Goes Critical, and thanks to you guys supporting that show, they've come back to have us go ahead and do this again. So we'll be here next Tuesday from 600 to 700, leading right up into Talks Machina, messing around. You can check out their game, Magic the Gathering Puzzle Quest, on iOS and Android devices, and we'll see you guys hopefully next Tuesday. (air horn) I approve now. If that happens during the game at any given point in time, that's disadvantage. (air horn) Choose carefully, Liam. Choose carefully. It's like telling a kid he can choose his own punishment, it's dangerous. Also, we're helping support the amazing charity, Worldbuilders, with Patrick Rothfuss and a number of other great authors. You can find out more at worldbuilders.org. They bring the power of readers and writers and all that type of creativity together, to raise money to help make the world a better place. Go check it out, it's a wonderful group and we'll hopefully be doing more things with them coming up in the near future. Those announcements will come as we go forward, but Patrick Rothfuss, who's a friend of the show, was a guest on Critical Role-- You should read some of his stuff, it's pretty good, he's a good writer. And apparently is now making a show with Lin-Manuel. That's right, yeah, you got a cool ring. We're all slowly making our way towards getting him on the show. That's the goal. Next up, this next Monday, actually, we are doing the final wrap-up episode of Force Grey Giant Hunters live at the Egyptian Theater here in Hollywood from 500-830pm next Monday. We'll also be streaming it. The tickets are free, by the way, so if you're in the vicinity, go ahead and get some tickets, come join us. We have a great cast, a couple of new members are joining in for this. It's going to be a lot of fun and a great finale for the Force Grey series. Those who watched the Acquisitions Inc series and their PAX game, there might be a few fun little nods in there as well. So, anyway, much love to you guys if you can make it, if not we'll see you on Twitch on Monday regardless! And last but not least, here on Geek & Sundry there is coming up the Dick and Johnson Ultimate Christmas Special, with lots of familiar faces. Zach Carr is DMing this, it's a kick ass and chew bubblegum game, I'm sure you've seen it probably on Game the Game before, it's a great game. It's been on a few other projects here. But Hector and Keller, they're going to be playing through your favorite BFF duo to save everything in the world. There might be some cameos, a bunch of rapid-fire cameos throughout the show, so check out the Dick and Johnson Save Christmas special at December 12, at 400pm Pacific here on Twitch. It's going to be fun. Might be showing up off screen, just to heckle people. Or more. We'll find out. All right, any other announcements? All righty then. On that note, unless anyone else has anything to say we are going to dive into tonight's episode of Critical Role. [dramatic music] So, picking up where we left off last time. The group of intrepid adventurers known as Vox Machina have been making their way through their quest to take down the Chroma Conclave, a group of chromatic dragons who have been terrorizing the countryside in Tal'Dorei under the rule of Thordak the Cinder King, a great, powerful, and seemingly elementally charged ancient red dragon who sits in the center of the city of Emon. After gathering the rest of the artifacts you guys have been seeking, called the Vestiges of Divergence, the last one being found in the City of Brass upon the Fire Elemental Plane, you traveled back to Fort Daxio, a northern fort north of Emon, where you were planning a trap of some kind for Thordak. Upon arriving with two charges of yours, two previously enslaved celestial-blooded boys that you found in the City of Brass, you all traveled across the planes, with the help of Keyleth, back to Fort Daxio to find the landscape scarred with recent flame and apparently a battle raging at the outer gate. That is where we left off. So, you guys, looking northward, you can see the large plumes of black smoke billowing up from the direction of the fort. The outer wall seems to have sustained some damage. You can see a number of flying entities swooping in. Dozens of them, while you can hear the distant sound of combat, shouts and battle. You guys, as you land and realize this, you can see the two slaves, who have now been freed and taken with you, both look immediately wide eyed and freaked out and closed off. What are you guys doing? Okay. So you fly up and head up over the front wall. Right. So you fly up and get a vantage point to see what's going on over the wall. As you crest up in the air, you notice that there are a number of soldiers currently battling possibly a hundred or more lizard men that have swarmed into the fort, as well as a number of-- and go ahead and make a perception check actually to see if you can make some good detailed elements out. 27. All right. These are wyvern riders. This is a group of wyvern riders, with lizard men, that have swooped in. You can see a number of the siege elements that have been built by Percy over there, some have been firing off on the inside or at least ones that were installed in the actual fort base. You also see a distant explosion, a flash of light on one of the walls on the inside. There is the outer wall, and there is a courtyard in the actual fortress itself. The front gates to the inner courtyard have already been breached, and most of the battle is happening inside the main courtyard. As you're noticing this, you watch as two wyverns are now swooping in your direction from the outside of the outer wall. You guys are far south, probably a good quarter-mile south of the fort, on the outside of the wall. You can wait until they're close enough. They're a little bit out of your range right now. You know what, as of right now, you could probably hit one of them with Bad News. What's the long range on it? Okay. You bear down and you-- Yeah. Go for it. And Laura, you still have to wait at this point. You're readying your shot. Okay. Aiming for-- It's okay. You're currently selecting a wyvern or the rider to fire at? The explosion from the front of the muzzle of Bad News fires off, the spark and flame and smoke billowing forth. The shot has no impact. It looks like, from gauging at this distance, it was just outside of the range. It's hard to gauge really, at that distance, whether or not they were there, but apparently the bullet lost momentum by the time it reached their position. They nod and they take the stone, and they start running off towards the western edge of this valley, which has the two cliffsides that come into the valley here. A lot of the nearby brush appears to have been burned on the way. They go darting off, keeping low, and you get the sense that they're used to fleeing, so they dart off, arm in arm, rushing off towards the side of the valley wall. You have time to reload before they get close enough for her to fire, so if you want to take another shot. Okay, so you guys are all charging towards the outer gate. What are you doing, Vex? You watch the rest of your party darting-- Currently you do not see any dragons at the-- Yes. There is no cover. There you go. As you guys are charging towards the blown-open gates to the outer courtyard of Fort Daxio, with Vex swooping down on her broom with the bow out, you watch as these wyvern riders come swooping down in your direction. Their claws extended, their tails and stingers out forward, they come swooping down. Go ahead and take a shot. You can take a shot as well. Yes. Hunter's Mark. There's two, and a third one has joined, a little behind now. They're coming upon you. Which one do you Hunter's Mark? Hard to gauge at this distance. Okay, there you go. I believe, looking at the specifics there-- Technically-- They know you're around. This is less like they haven't acted yet. They've been acting. Every round, they've been dashing toward you. So you do not have the drop on them, as they've been making a beeline since the beginning. Apologies. Okay, I want you and Percy to both roll damage on those attacks, as these are both guided at the same individual. No, you would not, unfortunately. Okay! So, as you hear the explosion at the front of the muzzle of Bad News take off, the arrow whizzing through the air, both impacting into each side of the wyvern, you watch as one of its wings tears open. It tumbles forward, the rider thrown off its back and clutching onto its reins, flipping over the side as it corkscrews and slams into the ground about 150, 200 feet behind you, skidding across the dirt. Go for it. Okay. Effectively slammed and left behind in the dust right now, it's going to have to get up and rush to try and catch up to you guys. The other two are swooping down now and have managed to get up-- You do get your second attack, yes. You could as well, for your round. Hits. Yeah, actually. At this point, they're maybe 150 feet from you. No. At a higher level. Trinket's cool like that. And the save? What's the DC, again? You have to write down your DC, man. There you go. This one now, as you guys both-- you pull back and release your second arrow, and you take Bad News, reload it, and then fire again-- you watch as this time, one of the wings breaks at the hinge. It folds under itself. The rider, this time, as opposed to holding on, is thrown and plummets the rest of the distance, hitting the ground with a very heavy (splat) against the stonework, his head scattering. The wyvern ends up slamming into the ground and skidding off into a big cloud of dust behind you as well, as you guys continue pushing forward. However, that does complete your round. The last one does swoop down and is going to-- You're making the loudest noise and got the most attention, so it's going to swoop in your direction, Percival. It's going to come on down, it's going to make two attacks on you, and then harry and lift up. That's with its bite. That's going to be a miss. It goes to snatch at you with its bite, and you duck out of the way. However, the stinger comes up from behind. That is a 19 to hit. Just barely hits? Okay. As the stinger slams into your shoulder, that is ten points of piercing damage. I need you to make a constitution saving throw. Okay, to take that saving throw again? Go for it. It's whatever you rolled the second time, I think. Let me double check, just a moment. All right, so. This is your Indomitable? Not Resolve, your Indomitable. You must use the new roll. A 12? No. All right, so, as the poison courses through your body, the stinger itself pulling forth, you see a bit of black-greenish liquid spill out as it pulls itself out of the wound. You suffer 24 points of poison damage as it then lifts back up out of range and is going to circle around. You guys all still running? You see Percy get hit. You can now. Because it was coming very close before you had the opportunity to hit, it swings up past and you can now, reaching behind, get a Fireball wand shot if you want. At this point now, as it swooped past, it's about 40, 45 feet away? A safe enough distance for the Fireball to not blow up his own party. That is a no. It rolled a three. So go ahead and roll damage. You should have said that at the beginning. It's a basic. 8d6, you got it. And what are you doing, Vax? LIAm If I can attack, I'm throwing daggers. Okay, both hit. Yeah, as it swoops past. Nah, you've already confirmed it. Correct. You have one point of exhaustion, which means that your ability checks are at disadvantage. Keyleth, Grog, do you guys want to do anything while it passes overhead? It was a burning pain through your body, but it subsided after the original poison coursed through your body. So you fought it off sufficiently afterward. Okay, you guys keep running. Grog? Yeah, that's 200 feet behind you. You guys have been running this whole time as it went overhead and crashed into the ground behind you. Okay, you guys just keep running? Okay. So, as you guys continue to run forward, it swings around after the Fireball detonates, and you see it wobble in the air for a second. 33 points. The rider has turned to ash, blown off the top of it. The wyvern, however, has still found its target and turns around and on its own is swooping back towards the group of you guys. You're now about halfway towards the front gate of the keep, of Fort Daxio. You guys, both Percy and Vex, with ranged weapons, you can take your shot now as it's turning around and returning to you guys, still charging forward. All right, so you move your Hunter's Mark over to that guy? Go for it. That hits. All right. 23 damage, nice. All righty. Yes. Second one? Right, so there's five plus three for this, and it's plus eight damage-- Oh, to hit! Okay. Both hit. I was like, that's really high damage for arrows! My apologies. 13 damage? So running forward, you turn around behind, over your shoulder. You switch your actual direction of arrows you normally fire with and turn the other way. Both arrows sink into it and you see it wobble in the air. Percy. Hits. You can if you want to. 26 hits. All three hit. Go ahead and roll damage. Not on one hit. That's all of his attacks. Nice. All righty, so all three shots pelt it in the chest. You can see giant sections of its meaty chest blown open and it's streaking dark wyvern blood behind it. However, it's still flying. The fervor on its face as it's near death is causing it to get more intense as it swoops down toward you. Streaking out, the tail ends up curling beneath. It's going to take a shot toward you, Percy, as you were the one that most recently hit it and did the most damage. With the bite, that is a 24 to hit. And the stinger is at only a 13 to hit. So, the stinger, seeing it coming this way, you duck out of the way. However, its giant wyvern jaws clamp down and streak across your shoulder as the momentum pulls it past, dragging it across the back. For that, you suffer ten points of piercing damage. As it comes down at that point, it's back in range for any of you melee folk that want to take a swing at it. Grog? Yes, you can! Yes. I'm keeping tabs because this is more of a flyby as you guys are running. Sure, yeah. A lot of these are happening simultaneously. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage. Okay, as it swoops down and bites into Percy's arm as it drags up in the air, you watch as a very fast-running Grog, who's been ahead of the group at this point, his speed is higher than anybody, spins around, axe in the air, and carves right through the front of its chest to its back. It (screeching) and slides into two pieces that then scatter into the ground, smearing black darkness across the dry, desert floor. You guys continue to run forward. Currently, all your harrying wyverns are way too far behind and damaged or not paying attention, before you guys are just now reaching the outside of the busted Fort Daxio outer wall, where the front gates are collapsed inward and slightly burned. You guys all go into the front gates? Okay. You come up over the top of the wall. As you get up over the top, immediately you see they have two large ballistae. The number of ballistae installed throughout the walls here, two of them have already been torn apart and whoever was manning them is lying on the ground, torn open and dead. But you do also see other dead lizardmen. It looks like a fight has been going on for a short time here and has been a back and forth. As you guys come into the main courtyard, you find the ground is charred with small flames that are still burning on bushes, and elements of piles of broken wood and things that were part of the encampment that just caught fire. You can see groups of lizardmen battling various soldiers, some of them still screaming and the sound of lizard-like battle cries as they charge in, slamming weapon against weapon, shield against face. This is an actual small-scale war happening inside here. It's hard to tell which side is winning. A lot of the soldiers are better-trained, but occasionally you watch as a wyvern swoops down and picks up a soldier and throws them off the side, and slams into the ground, no longer moving. Perception check. Disadvantage for you, buddy. Okay. So the two of you, as soon as you dart inside and glance over, you can see nobody that catches your familiar eye. Everyone who is in armor is in full armor. They're all in the actual Fort Daxio defense regalia and they are covered in blood, they're covered in soot and they are not paying attention to you because they are fighting for their lives right now. You can see there are a number of tents to the side, dried trees that have burnt out entirely. You can see a number of the trebuchets that you have repaired earlier that have already torn down, or at least have suffered partial damage from fire or other elements, bludgeoning. No. It looks like when this began, currently only Daxio's army was here. And is here currently. Yeah. You do watch and see as currently, there is no tension toward you because the battles happening right now are still happening. You see multiple soldiers gathering around wyverns that have been dragged to the ground with chain or have nets thrown over them, and soldiers are gashing, running up and slashing and stabbing as they can, while the lizardman carves its way through, and takes its spear and starts piercing out with its shield. As you look around, nothing but insanity going around. What are you guys doing? It's all mixed in right now. It's a free-for-all. There's no group of lizardmen sitting around and waiting out for a target. There are a number of wyverns scattered that are currently swooping down and being part of the chaos. Currently not engaged on the ground? I'd say about seven. Yeah, totally. Okay. There are masses of lizardmen in this area that are in the middle of the fray. As soon as you guys storm in and start making noise, making your presence know, a number of them who are waiting for a way to pierce in and get their weapons into the last of these soldiers that are fighting off, as best they can, the last stand they have here at the outside of Fort Daxio, some of them turn over their shoulders and see you and start rushing in. You guys, with ranged weapons, you go first. Go ahead and roll attacks on this. The wyverns have not seen you. Actually, make a stealth check, just to make sure you've made your way in carefully. They're not paying attention to you, but they may or may not see you out of their peripheral. Okay, yeah. The one you're aiming at has not seen you. 33 hits. 28 hits. Okay. What was that, the first one? 31, nice! That hits. 25 damage? Great! So that one you're aiming at had already taken some damage in the battle. Its rider had already been torn off of it and it's basically on automatic tear-and-destroy mode. Both of your arrows-- one finds the side of its throat. As it whips its head around to look at the direction it came with, this one finds the eye at front of its snout, sinks in, and it slowly, limply falls out in the air and smashes into the ground, maybe 25 feet to your right. Okay, cool. You're aiming at the same one as her? You guys (impact). This poor wyvern gets torn asunder. (laughs) Poor Travis' ass! You watch as a number of these lizardmen, six to be exact, all start rushing in towards you guys as they were firing at the wyvern in the air. What are you guys doing at this point? You just have a wave of them coming at you right now. Yeah, you guys are still clustered together. Six. They're just charging straight at you. Some have swords, shields, and spears like (snarling). As they're charging in, you watch the staff slam into the ground. As it slams into the ground, you can see at the very tip, there's a small piece of crystalline energy that begins to go from a dull greenish-blue to a bright red. And as it hits the apex of its glow, a single beam of red energy streaks forward towards them as they're all charging. What's the DC on that? Well, it's whatever her spell DC is when she cast it. And no, none of them make it! So go ahead and roll the damage on that. Yep. It's an ability of the Spire. 25 points of damage? 30 points of fire damage. As the chaos is still happening, you watch as another blast of flame explodes on the top tower that is the front of the fortress itself, and you hear what sounds like dual Wilhelm screams as two guys who were situated on the top, running to of the ballista, get blown off and both slam into the ground, faces and necks snapped from the impact on the floor. Looking up in that direction, you watch as another streak of bluish-green arcane energy shoots up a few hundred feet into the sky, and it (poof), as a sort of signal for them. You look up top as you see one wyvern is curling its way, perched up on the edge of it. And there, jumping onto its back, you see an elf. An elf with longish, blonde hair. Robes that are bloodied. It gets up and holds onto the reins. At this point? He's probably about 80 feet from you. You guys are halfway across the courtyard to the actual fortress. If you want to get close. So, yes. You could. About 45 feet up. Shoot him? Okay! For the purposes of this, guys, we're going to go ahead and roll initiative. Well, you don't know if he's a bad guy or not! But he's on the battlefield. Pike has been having a hard time keeping up with everyone with her tiny, short legs. Forgot to mention the new GM Tips episode is out this week, talking about how to deal with Player Character deaths. (laughter) Oh my god! Sam! Sam! No one should ever say, "I want to cut a hole in the mouth of a picture of you." I do want to say that is pretty much life-size, which is really creepy. With you guys on the battlefield, let's roll initiative. (sing-song) Sorry! You guys. 25 to 20? Nice. 20 to 15? I need someone to roll for Pike, by the way. I think it's plus one, so add that-- Nine. All right. So 15 to ten? Grog, what did you get? Top of the round, as you see this figure get onto the wyvern up top. Bloodied, grabbing on to the reins, looking over the top, Vex, you're up first. Okay. 20. Hits. 16 damage and DC of 16. Is it strength? No, that's a 15. Does he take additional damage from the Bramble Shot? 16 total from the shot, okay. It's your normal arrow damage plus whatever it tells you to roll on that. It's your arrow damage, and then that on top of it. At this point, he's-- He did not see you, so yes. Gotcha. As you reach out and fire the arrow, you watch him glance over the wall. His eyes go wide as the arrow (impact) pierces his chest and sprouts into 20 to 25 tiny bramble-like vines that wrap around him and wrap around his body as he gets pushed back and falls off the back of the wyvern, out of sight. Make a perception check. Okay. As you see his expression as he falls back, it jogs your memory a little bit. You do recognize him. This is Gatekeeper Xanthas. He was the gatekeeper at the Traverse Junction in the Emon Alabaster Lyceum, the place that had the Teleportation Circles, the guy who was always at the desk waiting for you every time. He was annoyed with you. Xanthas. Gatekeeper Xanthas. You watch him just get thrown off the back of the wyvern, slammed past, out of sight. So, at full speed on your broom, broom speed is what again? It should be on the broom. I'm sure it does have one. I'll look it up right now, but you need to keep in mind what your movement is on your broom. It's like, ten Flying speed 50 feet. As you rush in on the broom and look over, the wyvern still has its claws up on the edge of the walls, (snarls), looking around. You can see it's taken a few hits, a few arrows sticking out of it. However, from the explosion that happened, the two ballistae up there don't appear to be damaged. But you have no current view of Xanthas. So, that ending your turn, that brings us to Vax. That rock? It's about maybe 40 feet? Up here? Probably about 30 feet tall. No. Not in that rock, no. It's a piece of stone that's sticking out. Okay. Keyleth? Currently, no.There are a number of the wyvern riders and-- going to place these guys over here so I go and do that-- You do see lizardmen off to the side that are in the middle of a struggle. A soldier over there, and a number of lizardmen that are currently bashing at the front gates, trying to get through the main door into the-- You have three that are on the ground right now that have nets thrown over them or chains pulled across, holding them down. And there are a number that are high up in the air right now, circling, looking for a way to swoop down and grab somebody. A few have their eyes on Vex. They're maybe 40 feet apart right now. At the least. From the closest one to you? About 80 feet. There are currently six pushed against it. And there are a few that are moving off in this direction to go join them. Yeah. They're currently slamming into the door and hitting it and trying to find their way through. Okay! From what you can tell and what you remember, the gate itself is mostly stone and iron. All right. So keep track of the charges you're using. They all fail. Yeah, they all fail. Rolling nothing tonight. 31. (explosion) This one seed of arcane red energy that shoots forth from the staff slams into the door, and you watch as they're all thrown backwards, screaming through the air, the blast incinerating their bodies and scattering them to the four winds. All of those there, yeah. You see groups of wyvern riders that are currently fighting off the guards. Keyleth, do you want to move or are you staying there? That's up to you. All right. I'm asking if you'd-- Vax stayed there. Up to you. Yeah. You are staying here. All right, ends Keyleth's turn, Percival, what are you doing? Okay. Tinkering check. All right. You get the gun to function. It's not your turn, Scanlan. Right here? The wyvern or the rider? Correct. It's thrashing about. Cool. So that finishes your round then, Percy. Scanlan, now it's your turn. You're rushing forward on your tiny, gnome feet, arm out in front, release a bolt of energy that slams into the front of the edge of the tower itself. And as you coast it upward, it burns a dark spot across the stonework before slamming into the wyvern itself. The wyvern tries to dodge out of the way. What is the DC on that? That's true. (sings) That's true. (speaking) No, it does not succeed! It has no dex bonus, so it's a straight 15. (explosion) It hits the wyvern, who's already taken a few blows. It shrieks back, looks down, its eyes zeroed in on you, its wings out, looks like it's about to go into a jumping dive. Okay. You do. And take your d12 inspiration die. All righty. And with that, ending your turn, the wyvern up at the top swoops down, right up to you, Scanlan. Mouth open, stinger out to the side. Okay. Well, its bite goes to strike you and I can almost guarantee you it misses with a 14. The stinger, however (whoosh). That's true, you didn't-- All right, so. So it's 14. That does hit you exactly, yeah. Go for it. So go ahead and-- Eight. Okay. The bite goes to clamp down, and as you-- The wyvern pulls back its head, confused, and the jaw snaps shut as it rears, its wings out, strangely. Its tail comes back, angrily. How many bardic inspiration die have you spent since your last battle, by the way? Right. Cutting Words also uses a bardic inspiration, I believe-- I believe... Let me check. Yeah, you have to use your bardic inspiration dice. So that's five. You get as many as your wisdom modifier-- I'm sorry, your charisma modifier. One more. So the stinger comes swooping down towards you, and that is a nine! It rolled a two. The tail whips past your head, no impact. Pike's turn! Pike rushing forward as (panting). Looking around, who here looks pretty rough, if anybody? Well, she can only get up to you right now, Keyleth, at the moment. Because of her stumpy legs. Fucking stumpy! (laughter) Two eights and a five. This is 16, 21, plus five. You heal 26 hit points. That was a really good healing roll for a level three. All righty. That ends Pike's turn. Grog, you're up. Go for it. He's not frenzied yet. That hits. Okay. Second strike, you want to do it? As you rush and slam the axe into its side, it buries a good three inches into the chest, and as it's pulled back, its tail is still recoiling from the attack on Scanlan. Looks back to you and you see its attention's geared on you, but it's pretty rough. Okay, go for it. Okay. 28. As you pull the axe out this time, as it's rearing back and looking angrily at you, you chuckle to yourself as you throw the axe up in the air. It spins once and you catch it, and you jam it right in the center of its skull. It goes from rearing angrily to lights out. And it hits the ground instantaneously, collapsing into a heap as you wedge the blade out from the center of its forehead. You still have about 20 feet of movement, by the way. That side? Yeah. So you now have ten temporary hit points on top of what you had. All right. So that ends your turn, Grog? That's the end of the round. That's right. You held to wait until everybody else has a go. Okay. So you-- go ahead and roll an attack roll. 26. Okay. As the dagger whips up past you, you look down and see the thrown dagger. Do you want to try and catch it? Okay. Go ahead and make a dexterity check. No, unfortunately. You reach out and catch the blade and it cuts across your hand a little bit. Which at that point, if you want to-- As your turn to travel with it, it's the damage that needs to happen, it's the impact. So you do take four points of piercing damage, as you try and catch it from the front of the blade in your hand, and the speed at which it's thrown is-- you feel the impact-- At which point, the blade, all of a sudden, swirls with dark, shadow energy and your brother appears at your side. All righty. Your movement is now, on the broom, reduced to 20 feet, with two people on it. At which point, you see the wyverns and the riders start thrashing about. Some of them have spears that're jamming out from the middle of the net. You watch as this guy spins around and takes out three out of the guards that all just collapse to the ground. One takes a stinger to the face, another one gets bitten and has its head broken in the process, while a third one gets a spear to the front of the chest. Over here, yeah. He's hurt, but he's been taking out a lot of the guards along the way. The rest of these lizard guards do a full double dash this way past that guard there, who's giving chase. These guys all rush up to try and make their way to the front door again. They can't really do anything yet to the door, but they can get there. At this point in time-- Vex, Vax. From your vantage point, up at the top on the broom, you hear this distant echoing horn sound, this (low horn noise). It's echoing through the valley. You glance over your shoulder and you see a bead of burning red light making its way in your direction. Wings flapping. It's closer than you think, and as it comes closer and closer towards you-- You feel the blood rush from your face as your immediate instinct is, "Oh god. The Cinder "King is here." While there are flames involved, the size is not as immense as you would expect from Thordak. Instead what you see is a large, red, winged bird with flames trailing off the edges of its wings flapping in your direction, coming over the wall on the outside of the fortress. On its back you see a humanoid, but much larger than anyone of your size, armored with dark black and grayish-silver-trimmed iron armor, a giant maul in one hand, itself reddish flame-like hair. This is a fire giant, similar to the ones you encountered in the City of Brass, riding on the back of this ember-roc-type creature. As it comes cruising over the top, you hear it, holding a horn in its other hand, start shouting out, "The Cinder King calls for swift execution! I deliver "his hate with absolute strength." And it swoops into a dive toward the front side of the gate. At a full speed at this point, it coasts right beneath both of you, swinging the hammer in the air. I need both of you guys to make dexterity saving throws. No. Well, evasion is against any spell. Let me check quick. (laughs) You do not get advantage for anything. But I admire you checking for any given possibility. What'd you roll? 16? Okay. So you manage to lift up onto the broom, almost doing a complete handstand to get out of the way, however, the bottom of it catches your sister in the side of her leg, causes the broom to lurch, and begin to lose control of it. You both manage to hold on to the broom. But you, from the impact of the hammer, do suffer 16 points of bludgeoning damage. As the bird, now in a full dive, slams in a giant fiery crash into the front two gates of the keep. It swooped right underneath you. No, because you were trying to get out of the way. To do that, you would have been fully off the broom and you would fall. As it (swoosh) into this full dive, slams into the two front gates which explode into a cloud of dust, broken rock, masonry, and iron. You watch as the dust settles briefly. Now the giant is stepping off of the back of this giant flaming bird and looks around, clutching its hammer in its hand. Actually yeah, as the dust clears, the lizard men that were at the gate were all destroyed in the impact, crushed, their bones broken, and you can see one arm twitching out of the center of the rubble. The doors are currently blown open and off the hinges, there. All righty, and then-- Fresh off the airplane. That is awesome. I want a shirt that says that. "Fuck it! Der-n-der!" Indeed. All righty, so, bringing us to the top. As they both stand there, the flames still emanating out from the impact, the lizardmen scattered and broken at the gate, the battle still waging on in the vicinity, you see as two other battles over here, the wyvern rider on this wyvern is stabbed in the head and is killed. The wyvern is still around, but it takes another guard out behind it. Over here, this guy continues to fight and takes out two of the guards, but there is still one behind that is holding strong. Top of the round, Vex. What do you want to do, as you just barely gather control over the broom again? Over here? Yeah, you can. Okay. So you both make your way over, landing on the roof. There you can see Xanthas is still bound by the vines, his eyes wide. He's like, "What are you doing? Release me!" Okay, so, getting right up to the edge, arrow off to the side, go for it. 21 on the first one? Hits. Technically, he went past you, saw you, impacted you with him-- or she did, sorry-- It is well aware where you went and knows that you-- There's no sneak attack. I'm sorry. You'd have to hide somewhere to try and get sneak attack. Correct. Which you used to move your Hunter's Mark. Vax, you're up on deck. 18 plus four, nice. Go for it! One arrow-- Sure, that hits! Go for it. All righty. Both arrows (impact). One slams into the armor and sticks into it about three or four inches, and you can see the giant female fire giant glances at her shoulder angrily and looks up over the top, at you. At the full movement it would've taken you to get there, with your brother on your back, that's as far as you can get. You're crouching, but you're not hiding. You do have some cover because of the edge of the wall. She sees you, but you have a little bit of cover. Vax, you're up. The giant may or may not be. You currently have to get over to the edge to see it. That's from being a vengeance paladin? All right, go for it. 22 hits. Okay. No sneak attack on this. Did you roll your Hunter's Mark on that? You just used it! Okay. As you back up into that doorway, she swings around, the giant maul arcing in your direction. A great maul, actually, specifically. That is 24 to hit. Okay, in order to take half damage? All righty, so, that comes to-- oof. This is going to be fun for you. All righty, let's get the dice out for this. Oh, I have the wrong dice. There we go. You take 31 bludgeoning damage, halved to 15. It-- whack!-- slams you into the shoulder. You dodge out of the way and the momentum actually hits you and the inertia shoves you into the side of the doorway. You catch yourself. All right, that ends your turn? Keyleth, you're up. So you're trying to do it this way? All right, so it comes bursting through. All right, they both need to make a dexterity saving throw against a DC 19, correct? That is a 17 for the giant, no. And that is a seven for the roc. So no, they both take 4d8 bludgeoning damage. It is the creature's nature-- They both fall prone, but the nature of their flames is natural. It is part of their actual physicality, so the flames do not get extinguished. No, but the water does slam into the bird. You see steam rise up as it impacts. The flames darken a little bit and subside briefly. Both of them are knocked off their feet into the ground as you watch the tidal wave curl up, slam into both of them, and then spill out and spread across the ground, putting out this fire here, actually. Yep, great. That finishes your turn, Keyleth, or do you want to move? Okay. That brings us to the general, as she stands. At half of her movement there. She, extremely angry, gets up. (growls) "Oh, that's not "playing fair!" Looks back at a piece of the rubble, grabs it-- actually is going to use her Flaming Anger, which is an ability she has. She gets extremely furious and tenses up. You can see muscles bulging in her forehead. She grabs a big chunk of the nearby rubble. You watch as the rubble, already on fire from the impact, the fiery impact of the site, begins to heat up. Lobs it at you. That is a natural one. As it goes whoosh, and tumbles past-- Yeah, it goes off and actually impacts one of the wyverns flying through the sky and hits it. It goes down over the outer wall. Using her Flaming Anger, however, she angrily grabs another piece, this one even larger. Both hands over the head, the great maul hanging at her side, and throws it at you. This time, that is a 19 to hit. Okay. You suffer 33 points of bludgeoning damage from the impact, plus ten points of fire damage from the heat, as it slams into you, almost knocking you onto your back. You manage to catch yourself, but the pieces of it hit you and then break apart and fall to the ground around you. You find your whole front side charred from the impact. With the rest of her movement, is going to-- let's see, she only has 20 feet. One, two, three, four, in your direction, picking her great maul up with her hand and swinging it. Thank you, boyfriend glasses delivery. Ends the general's turn. Percy, you're up. Scanlan, you're on deck. They're not currently harrying you, no. They're fighting off guards. Possibly. If they kill the guards. He is, but two of the guys who were holding the net have died off, so it's almost negligible at this point. He can't get the wings going, but if the net is removed or he manages to get the net off, it'll be fine. In a terrible round for Percy, as you walk forward in the center, you turn to the side, fire at the wyvern, get one shot that immediately locks up. You feel the reeling feedback, psychic feedback from Animus, course through you. You put it away, pull out Bad News, take aim. As you fire, that horrible silent click sound as you pull back. You hold it away from you, just in time, as the flame backs up in the butt end of the weapon just flares outward. You can see, this is going to need a little work to get it working again. You want to move, or anything else you want to do on your turn? Right there? That is a crate and a chest. Oh, this right here, you mean? Oh, that is one of the trebuchets that you had repaired and one of the ones that isn't damaged yet. There you go. It is loaded. It has not been used. It looks like the men that were currently fighting the wyvern across the way had loaded it up and then were assaulted when they threw the net over. So it currently is ready for use. It is a difficult thing to aim. That ends Percy's turn. Scanlan, you're up. Okay. 7th-level Bigby's Hand. The giant? Yes it is. With your hand cone. All righty, so Bigby's Hand appears, goes into a Clenched Fist. Go ahead and make a spell attack. Correct. 21 hits! And so it's cast at seventh level. Oh, Vax? I also need you to make a constitution saving roll. 40! Ooh! You have a concentration check for your Hunter's Mark? Okay. Go ahead. No-- constitution, yeah. Okay, you maintain concentration, you're fine. All right, so, as you conjure Bigby's Hand, you see the purple energy trail off your fingers, and as your bring your hand back into an uppercut motion, you watch as the air in front of the giant, and she begins stomping forward in the direction of Keyleth and Pike, the energy forms into this giant purple fist of smoke that just sucker-punches her right in the gut. She looks down, confused and angry, at this fist that turns into a middle finger immediately. (laughter) You've moved ten feet that way. You still have-- You have, looks to be Pike, Keyleth and Grog all within range. Second level? All righty. There you go. That ends Scanlan's turn. All right, so. Vex, I need you to make a wisdom saving throw, if you could? It's a seven. As you, looking off the side, getting your arrows ready for a second round, you can hear a couple of whispers off to your side. As you glance over, you make eye contact with Xanthas, who has managed to shrug off the bramble vines around his body. As soon as he finishes talking, he points a finger towards you. And you're listening. You snap to attention. And he goes, "Why don't you take a walk off the edge of that tower right there?" You're still intelligent, oh. Yeah, so he's a-- Just double-checking to make sure I could make him do this. It doesn't say that you can't. Each time it takes damage, it gets to retake the saving throw. Okay. Okay. Yeah. So you come up and you go off the edge. And you have the broom there. All right. And you're coasting there with your broom. And he darts down the stairs into the building. And as he's rushing off, he's like, "All "right. Shoot your friends!" (laughter) So now it is Pike's turn. Not without, you couldn't. You could, but it would take your whole turn. All right. You get over there at the trebuchet. I'll allow it. Pike? Okay. by the way, you used one earlier. So you have one more 3rd-level spell slot after this. Before you got here. Just so you know. Grog, you're on deck, by the way. Sure. If they are prone, with melee attacks in the vicinity? No, it has advantage if you're within five feet of it. All right. At what level are you casting this? You've already used your 3rd-level-- 4th-level spell, so you have to use your 2nd-level. Okay. You have an extra one, then. But do keep in mind, you've already cast a 3rd-level spell this round-- a 4th-level spell, so if you're doing a bonus action, it can only be 2nd-level or lower. So it would be at 2nd-level. Sure. Why not? (laughter) That would be messy. Okay. All right, that ends your turn, Pike? All right. Grog? Go for it. Yes. Correct. 22 hits. Hits. Hits. All three hit. Nice. Okay. 30. All right, that's 64 points of damage in one round against the creature. As you rush in and start whaling on it, you almost don't notice the proximity of it. The heat is so hot that you suffer ten points of fire damage just being that close to it. Your skin starts to burn and the edges of your beard begins to singe and curl in. Correct. All right. That ends your turn? All right. With that, it goes to the large ember-roc's turn. All righty. It's going to go ahead and use an action to attempt its Inferno. Its Inferno. It begins to beat its wings extremely heavily. And as it does, the heated air and the flames begin to billow up from around it. I need you to make a dexterity saving throw, Grog. You do. All right. Oh, that's-- good thing, too, that was six, six, five, four on the d4 roll. That was nice. All right, so that is 21 points of fire damage, reduced to half. So ten. Ten points of fire damage, again. And you are not blown back. It's burning a little bit, you're starting to smell the hair singeing, it's making you angry even in your-- angrier A little bit, yeah. You're like, oh god! However, you do not get pushed back, and as it's taking off with its wings, as part of the maneuver, you do get an attack of opportunity at it, if you want to take it. 40. It doesn't get all way over to them, it gets-- 21 hits. Go ahead and roll damage. It swoops in the air, as you smash your axe in the air towards-- (crash offscreen) Like that. (laughter) Nice. 23. And you smack it, it shrieks in the impact, but its wings still (whoosh), it arcs over and lands on the ground, right behind Pike and Percy. You guys feel the impact. All right. Top of the round now. This fellow over here, who's now been loading up the ballista, is going to go ahead and fire it at the bird. That actually hits. (cheering) That is 12 points of piercing damage. All righty. And over here, during this fray, this guy manages to destroy the last guard, dispatch him and get the rest of the net off. So that takes his full turn, but now that is available over there. These three guards, one of them dies but in the process, they do manage to hack down the rest of the wyverns, the wyvern does die. This wyvern does dispatch the last guard, however, and manages to take off its chain, which is currently lodged into the back of the wyvern. It pulls it forth from the wound with a spray of blood, and now the wyvern is no longer bound. So you now have two wyvern riders on the battlefield. Vex, it's your turn. You have to attack your friends. At the end of your turn, you do. Actually, Dominate Person, I don't think you do! It's when you take damage. Let me see. Yeah. That was your choice. Nope. You are on your broom, and you look down, and the person who's closest to you of your friends is Grog. And so you're like, "Well, I've got to attack my friends." Make two shots against him. 20 hits. So go ahead and roll damage against Grog with one arrow. Grog, as you angrily finish slashing as the ember-roc flies overhead, one arrow hits the ground next to you. You're like, "What the hell?" And then you feel the pain right in the back of the neck as an arrow has embedded itself about two inches into your meaty goliath throat. Remember, you don't halve the lightning damage it deals. No. Because the lightning damage is different beyond the piercing. So how much is--? Okay. So you take five plus four, so you take nine points of damage total from that shot. All right. You're going to stand there for a moment and-- I mean, you can move around if you want to. You've just got to attack your friends when it comes to your action. Yeah, it's an impulse. It's like, "Okay, no worries." Okay. That ends Vex's turn. Vax? This way? Three, four, five. You can get within ten feet, or you can get right up to it if you want to. Okay, so you can get within ten feet of her. Okay. Okay. Well, advantage because she's busy-- No, you have advantage on attack rolls against the creature for one minute. Yeah. Well, Bigby's isn't threatening, technically. So it's-- That hits. Yeah. Was it a critical hit? Yeah, you don't double the dice. Rogues, man. 42. Nice. 42 points of impact. Are you staying back? I mean, you threw Whisper at it. Right. I'm saying, when you threw Whisper, you weren't travelling with it. Okay, good. Just making sure. That ends your turn, Vax? Keyleth, you're up. It's one giant bird, and then angry wyverns. That's a wyvern there, and there's a wyvern over there. I will fight you, Sam. Okay! All righty. So dexterity saving throw to that wyvern right there? That is a six! That is a very failed saving throw. So that is-- Correct. Ten points of lightning damage to it. So, to the wyvern, right? Yeah. So the wyvern rider barely pulls out of the way as the bolt of lightning from the slowly conjured storm in the sky strikes out and slams into the back of the wyvern. You see the energy arcing through its body before it dissipates, and the wyvern shakes from the impact, looks around angrily. The rider pulls the reins and gets it refocused. It is every creature! Which the-- that's a natural one. Yes. So, they both get hit. While he dodges, the arcing energy actually travels through his body, grounding himself to the creature. So they both take damage. Perfect. (laughter) You're ever-so-slightly levitating. All right, there you go, Keyleth. All right, now it's General (inaudible)'s turn. I didn't. You don't know it. I said too much. No. That would be so hackneyed. So, after taking the blow to the chest, is going to go straight for you, Grog. You're a big old target who came forward and slammed and has dealt a crapton of damage. Probably. As she turns with the floating hand and the floating sword, waving it by the hammer, watches as its ember-roc slams over towards Percy and Pike. Feels pretty confident, sees you, a little more of a heartier target. Points the hammer at you and says, "You will be my "charge tonight!" and starts walking to you. See if it recharges. It does not recharge Flaming Anger, unfortunately, but will take two great maul attacks against you. That is a 21 to hit. And a 23 to hit. All righty. So you take, for the first hit, 40 points of bludgeoning damage, reduced to half to 20. And the second strike, not as good a roll. I know. 29 points of bludgeoning damage, reduced to-- 14. So brings the hammer back, right into your shoulder, and it sends you off your feet. You catch yourself from the impact of the blow as the hammer spins around and catches you in the other side, right at the solar plexus, almost knocking the wind out of you. You feel your feet skid into the dry sand and dirt beneath your feet, and a little smile curls in the corner of your face. You've already used your reaction this round. Sorry. But next turn I'm sure you'll be able to give her what for. Percival, it's your turn. As you're standing there, the presence, the heat of this creature near you, you immediately suffer four points of fire damage just from being in the proximity of this entity. More or less, you'd probably have to rotate it a little bit. There is a large crank that has to be rotated to shift its direction. It is possible, if you make a strength check to get it to move to its place right now. So you're ignoring the bird for now and you're going for the trebuchet against the wyvern? Okay. You don't know. Okay. Go for it. That's saving throws. It's only for saving throws, not for ability checks. What did you roll? Yeah. You go and grab the ratchet and it's stuck. It begins to shift a little bit. You're not sure if it's going to line up. Okay. You leap over and make your way inside the tent. As you rush away, the creature reaches out with one of its claws and rakes towards your back. It's going to be a 20 to hit. Okay. The claw streaks across your back. You feel the pain and the sudden rush of adrenaline hit you at the impact. That's going to be 14 points of slashing damage to your back. Yes? You're inside the outer walls. This is the actual front of the fort itself. Into the actual fortress itself. Yes. Correct. Yes. Percy. You said you're taking your Action Surge? Second Wind? Okay. Okay, as you duck inside, clear your mind for a second, focus, pull out your tools with your Action Surge and quickly find the one section of the barrel that had somehow sprung off and was loose. You click it back into place, look up, it spins. Functional, clear and fine. That ends your turn. (laughter) All right, that brings us to Scanlan. You're up. Yes, not a problem. All right. That will-- It might singe a bit of the fur on the side of your skivvies there, Grog, but a bolt of lightning coasts right past you. Yeah. Fair enough. This is a dexterity saving throw. That is a 17 dex save. That does not make the DC, the giant gets full damage. 24. Okay, so you release the bolt of lightning, and then just as the lightning hits the front of the giant's chest, as it was focusing on Grog, it looks over and sees where the lightning bolt came from just as the (whack) across the chin. Go ahead and roll a-- It maintains the level you cast it. Yeah, well, you have to roll to hit to see if you hit it first. You watch as it swings towards the giant, staring at you, at the last minute glances out and she sees the fist and ducks back, slow-motion passes past her chin. As the jaw clenches, the teeth grinding underneath, you see the jagged broken tops of the giant teeth as the eyes (whoosh) right back to you. I'm going to put Bigby's Hand on the other side now for that. I almost want to give you inspiration for that. Sure. Take back your bardic inspiration for that, sure. Scanlan, you want to stay where you are or you going to move? You still have ten more feet of movement if you want it. All right. There you go, all right. Now, darting from out from the side here, Xanthas runs out, looks over the wall, sees you floating above. "Keep attacking your friends!" Oh he's great. Well, I mean-- You are considered charmed by him, so yes. Yep. Seems like an ally at this point. Focusing on that, keeping you informed-- Okay. Is going to look down and points his finger across and a beam of reddish energy comes coursing to the ground and explodes right there in the center of this area, actually right in the center with the fire elemental, so I need Grog, Scanlan, and Keyleth to all make dexterity saving throws. This is a Fireball. Correct. Okay, that's full damage to Keyleth and Scanlan, half damage to Grog, as this is a 5th-level Fireball. Yeah. Little punk over here that was on top and went down inside and came out the other side. Xanthas, yeah. It's not concentration, no. 33 points of fire damage to Scanlan, 33 points of damage to Keyleth in her elemental form, and 15 points of fire damage to you, Grog. And after firing, he ducks down to the side, and he doesn't do much 'cause he still has partial cover while he's behind the top of that wall right now. That ends his turn. Pike, you're up. At the beginning of your turn, due to the proximity of the heat of the bird behind you, the giant ember-roc, you would take eight points of fire damage, but it's reduced to four because of your armor's fire resistance. So that's four points of fire damage. Yes. Okay. By the way, your sword should have attacked last round when you summoned it, so go ahead and make a spell attack with it just because I totally forgot about that. Just roll a d20 and add your spell attack modifier. You're up next, Grog. That hits! Go ahead and roll the damage for your spiritual weapon. That is 1d8 plus five. All right, so that's an additional eight points of damage to the giant. Okay, so, continuing your turn-- Winch it? All right, so as you see Percy run off, you reach up, go ahead and make a strength check. 12? Okay, that's fine. (cheering) Okay. As you pull the winch around, and there's a little trigger underneath as you get it in place that's kind of holding it. As Pike (bink), the trebuchet, the sudden momentum of the direct inertia to momentum, the device spins over top and lobs this large boulder within this giant sling over and slamming right towards the face of the ember-roc. That's an 18. Go ahead and roll 4d12 damage. It's a siege weapon, man. It's meant to destroy walls. 27 points of bludgeoning damage to the ember-roc's face as it slams in, the rock breaks across its skull. And its head rears back from the impact and it stumbles back a bit, shaking its head. You can see part of its beak is cracked now from the impact. Blinking its eyes and shrieking. No, it's trying to kill your friends. You can still move if you'd like, and you have your bonus action to move your sword over if you'd like. Every round, it lasts for a minute. Okay, for the Spiritual Weapon, just so you know-- Well no, it's not concentration. But you can choose to use your bonus action to have the sword attack, or cast a spell and the sword just does nothing. Okay, so the bonus action is the sword toward the giant, or the bird? The sword swings out of the way, arcs through the air, roll another spell attack. 16 does not hit. Okay! If you want to. Yeah, I mean you don't have to, it's up to you. Okay so the blade arcs over and slams into the armor of the giant and the giant kind of shrugs it off. No damage. You just couldn't quite impact against the creature's flesh. You still can move if you want to. You're going to stay there? Okay. The trebuchet is expended, by the way, it would have to be loaded. And to load that thing, it takes quite a few people. Just so you're aware it's probably not going to be useful again in this battle. There are other weapons in the field. Heave ho! All right, Pike, that ends your turn? Okay. That's about as far as you can get there. Staying in melee range of the creature or do you want to leave its melee range? It will get a strike at you if you do. Actually, it will not because it already stuck at Percy so you can go there, you're fine. All right, that ends your turn. Grog, you're up. Go for it. Hits. Hits. 41 points of damage on that one. Oh, a straight 12 on that one? Oh, that's nasty. All right. You still have your bonus action. Okay. That hits. 26 points of damage. You did over 100 points of damage in one round of combat. So with Bigby's Hand floating on one side and a glowing sword on the other, the giant focusing on Scanlan, you get angry and just release this torrent of strikes. Pulling back, from the blade you can see dark blood begin to pour from the plates and the giant is wounded, but it's grinning. And its attention swings back to you. All right, that ends your turn, Grog? All right. The bird, who has watched Pike run past, after being slammed in the face by the trebuchet, angrily steps forward here. First let's see if it regenerates that. It does recover its inferno ability, however, it is going to unleash a bite and two claw attacks on you. That is a natural 20 on the bite. That is a 19 to hit on the first claw attack. And that is a 23 to hit. So a bite and a claw attack. The bite is a critical, unfortunately. So as that one comes to strike you, that is 19 plus 2d8 fire damage. So you take 30 points of slashing damage. Plus ten points of fire damage reduced to half, so five. Actually, it would have been 20, so that's ten points of fire damage. Right, it would have been 20. Is that fire damage? You watch as there's a burst of flame but it seems to have no affect on the creature. This creature is fire by nature. Possibly. All right, and it's going to begin flanking around you. After it does its strikes it-- (stomps). That brings us to the top of the round. Now, this guy is going to spend his turn loading up and then taking another shot at the bird there. That one unfortunately goes wide. It fires and slams into the ground and a big cloud of dust and rock gets thrown into the air as the large bolt jettisons into the floor, wasted shot there. This wyvern over here is going to fly up. No, he's going to go after Keyleth, the air elemental form there. This wyvern here is going to rush over to Scanlan. And these guys are going to rush in and try and aid Scanlan against this. So we have the wyvern against you, Keyleth. Bite attack is a two! No, that is not going to hit. The stinger is going to be an 18 to hit. So you take 11 points of piercing damage. Are you immune to poison? That's what I figured. So you just take 11 points of piercing damage from that strike. The other wyvern is going to swing down. I forgot, the wyvern rider is going to take an attack at you. I forgot, he's on there too. He swings down with his giant club. That's going to be a 21 to hit. You suffer nine points of bludgeoning damage from the wyvern rider. You Scanlan, the wyvern is going to strike at you with both its bite and its-- Okay. You can decide whether or not to Cutting Words, I'm just giving you this because you've seen them fight. The bite is painful, the stinger is where the poison is. Save it for that one, if you're going to. But that was a 23 to hit. And the stinger is a 21. Okay. 21 minus seven is 14. Ooh. Yeah. So you take 11 points of piercing damage for the bite. And you take 11 points of piercing damage from the stinger, and I need you to make a constitution saving throw. Yes. 18? Okay. You manage to-- you take 12 points of poison damage. Correct. And I need you to make constitution saving throws for each of those for your concentration. You have advantage on these. Because of your Warcaster feat. Yeah, advantage on the-- you make two of them, yeah. Yeah, you're fine. Next one with advantage. All righty, and the wyvern rider is going to take a swing at you. That is a 22. You take nine points of bludgeoning damage as it smacks you over the head with a giant club. I need you to make another constitution saving throw with advantage. Because you're being hacked like crazy here. There you go. Warcaster, man. Warcaster is a great feat. All right, that ends their turn, it is now Vex's turn. It's more of a telepathic thing. You know what he's referring to. You are such a lawyer. No, for this you're going to keep taking shots at Grog. Yeah, you get hit. And the first one gets sneak attack damage because technically you're working on-- With the sneak attack? Okay, so half of that it puts you at eight points of piercing damage. So ten. Okay, so 13. Okay. Okay Vax, you're up. Okay. Okay, go ahead and mark that on her sheet for her. Okay. Go ahead and roll damage on that. Yeah. Which is also doubled, technically. How do you want to do this? (cheering) Okay, as you jam it into the back of the calf, the armor plates give way to the impact of the blow. And she looks over her shoulder and tries to swing the maul out backwards. You're too low at this point as she pulls backwards, exposes further up and you just drive the blade upward. As you do you catch some sort of heavy vein as blood begins to just gout out of the wound. And you keep pushing upward, it won't go much past the thigh at this point, but she turns around and starts going unconscious from the rapid blood loss based on the wounds she's already sustained. She takes her hammer up to deliver a death blow down upon you and as she goes to reach for you, her fingers lack the strength to hold the blade and she tumbles forward. You pass to the side, sidestepping as her form slams into the dirt, knocking up dust around her on the ground. (air horn) (laughter) 15 does not make it. However, technically, and this was my fault before, you do have advantage because it is a person who is not your ally. Or they're fighting your allies. Yep, so you're still dominated. Sorry. All right. So that ends Vax's turn, Keyleth, you're up. You do, yes. And the wyvern rider. To the wyvern or the rider? The wyvern. The wyvern rider hasn't really been hurt. Okay go for it, roll two strikes. 18? Hits. 14 also hits. They don't have a high armor class. They've got a fair amount of hit points for their size, but their armor class isn't huge. Okay. Gotcha. All right. Okay, go for it. All righty. So, as you slam the wyvern twice, whack! Whack! You can see it's being buffeted. The wings are trying to keep up from the sheer amount of wind that's swirling around it. The blows are almost knocking the rider off, and he's spent most of his round trying to hold on to it. It's looking pretty rough. It's barely keeping itself up in the air, but it's still standing in front of you. All right. That ends your turn, Keyleth? All right. Okay. It is not the general's turn, because the general is currently dead. Percival. Okay. I will say that yes, you can, because they occupy the same space. 19 hits. So roll also for the-- Also hits, so with a single shot, it shoots through the neck and actually pierces the shoulder of the rider at the same time. Roll damage once, and it'll go for both of them. Okay, so they both take a total of 14 points of damage. It hits them both. The rider is looking really messed up from the impact. It looks like it hit something on the neck and is now bleeding onto its chest. It looks a little dazed from the impact. The wyvern is hurt, wounded, and the other guards are still stabbing at it with their weapons. So it's not quite at death's door, but it's looking pretty-- Hits, all right. Okay, so roll damage and then they both take the next hit. So 18 total? This time, as the wyvern rears up from the damage from the first impact, the pain causing it to put its wings out and puff up, it goes through the wing and takes out the temple of the rider. The rider is immediately killed and falls off the back. The wyvern is now in the process of trying to get its wings up. It's realized how badly it's hurt and is going to attempt to flee. Again? He's going to aim and the same mechanism-- You're having a reverse Percy day. Wow! There is balance! All right, that finishes Percy's turn. Scanlan, you're up. Just curled up and shaking. Yeah, you didn't break concentration. You can move it-- To you? Yeah. You can get it to anything in the battlefield. Go ahead and roll. 15 hits. Armor class is low on the wyverns. Okay. The wyvern begins lifting up in the air, trying to escape now. It's sitting here, whipping out. The guards are backing up, afraid to get too close. You see Scanlan concentrating. As the wyvern gets about 15 feet off the ground, Bigby's Hand swoops up, grabs it, and then plants it right onto the jagged rock behind it, piercing it-- It weakly goes limp against the bladed rock. That was your bonus action. You still have your action and your movement, if you like. The two guards next to you are like, "We're at your aid, sir!" Action and movement, yeah. Okay. All righty, so the wyvern makes a-- Not with a two, it doesn't. And for the rider. The rider does get a natural 20, so it does take half damage. I'm trying not to. It's a great exercise in focus. I hate you so much. With that, the rider takes the impact of the Lightning Bolt and whips its head back around angrily. However, the wyvern beneath it gets blasted by the bolt of lightning and throws it back. The rider gets just enough back, and the wyvern falls to the ground, unconscious and slowly dying. Okay, so you move behind them, guarding you right there. You now have two bodyguards flanking you at that moment. All right. It is Xanthas' turn, now. He sees the giant fall, but the firebird is still in combat. There's other wyverns floating around, some being taken down in the distance from other guards. It looks like the tide of battle is shifting, now, at this point. You guys, in helping out the guys around you, both gave a morale boost and shifted the tide. You can see, the other wyverns, the lizardmen, have been for the most part dispatched within the courtyard around you. However, Xanthas, looking down and seeing the circumstance, kind of, "Uh, um, argh!" Releases his hand. This is going to be against you, Vax. This is going to be a Chain Lighting. That's a good call on that one. All right. Chain Lighting's a little bit of a bitch, here. Let me pull it up. There we go. Sixth level. All right, so, I need Vax, Grog, and Pike to all make dexterity saving throws. Okay, both of you fail. What did you get? All three of you fail. I know! Well, that is 50 points. Five zero. 50 points of lightning damage to Pike, Vax, and Grog. It's a 6th-level spell, and he had a pretty damn high roll, actually. So yeah. You take half that damage. Or take fire damage, yeah. It doesn't affect the creature. You guys watch as the lightning streaks out from the top of the wall. Slams into the back of Vax, who-- You arc up, your whole body seizing at the sudden burst of electrical energy, which then bursts outward into Grog and Pike. Grog, it hits you and your muscles tense and you drop the axe for a second. You reach down and push through the pain and pick it back up. Pike, it slams into you and you watch as the light shines up around you, the smoke emanating from underneath the plate armor. You fall to the ground. There's a brief moment of silence, and then suddenly, this bright reddish-orange energy bursts out from beneath the armor, through the neck, through the sides of the plate, and you lift up about three or four feet off the ground before landing back on the ground, restored with a little bit of health. This burst of flame arcs out around you. Xanthas then goes, "Okay!" and darts back inside. All right, that brings us to Pike. So you're going to turn around to this giant, angry ember-roc and Guiding Bolt it into the stomach. All righty. Let's get over here for that assault. At fifth level, you said? All righty, that would be 8d6 radiant damage if you hit. You make a ranged spell attack. It is right up against you in a ranged format, so you're probably going to have to step back because it is ranged. Or it's disadvantage to hit. Up to you. He might. It's your call. Or take disadvantage on the strike, because it is a ranged attack. If you're still within melee with him, you'll have to step out of melee to not get the disadvantage. In doing that, he might get an attack of opportunity on you. It's not just within five feet, it's getting out of the creature's ability. Okay, go ahead and roll twice, adding your spell attack. Okay, roll again. Oh, with disadvantage? That does hit, actually. Just barely. It doesn't have a high armor. Nope, sorry. We've been off for two weeks. 22 points of radiant damage against it. As you blast it, this giant flash of divine energy bursts around it, causing this glittering beacon. The next attack against it has advantage, period. You can see the creature itself, its flames are starting to flicker. It looks angry, and it looks wounded. That end your turn, Pike? Are you going to move? Oh, you can bonus action with the sword toward it and attack it if you want. So go ahead and make another spell attack. So, 1d8 plus five, if it's higher than what you last rolled. Grog, you're up next. 11? To hit? Oh, damage, sorry. 11 damage to the creature. So, as the blade arcs past, striking again, you can see another flash of divine energy. Technically that would've had advantage, I just realized, because that's the next attack against it. So roll again. Roll the d20 again. Okay, so it's fine. I was seeing if it was going to critical or not. Yeah, because the Guiding Bolt gave advantage on the next attack, and the next attack was the sword. So the beacon fades. It is now Grog's turn. That hits. You have to roll a 14 or higher to hit. 17 hits. That's higher than 14. 14 hits, yeah. So, all three hit. 31? All righty. All right, 34? Okay. How do you want to do this? Wielding Pike like a two-handed gnome, you drop the axe on the first two strikes, the creature stepping backward. You jump up in the air and, getting about neck-height, you swing Pike with all your strength. Pike, you feel your jowls get pulled from the g-forces of the sheer strength of the arc. What weapon are you using in the battle? So as the mace comes through, it slams into the side of the skull of the ember roc. Your hands go numb from the impact as the vibration shivers through your body. You watch as the beak and the side of the skull crack and cave inward. With a little (squeak) sound, it just falls over on the ground. All right, so we go back to the first round. The two soldiers that are guarding you are like, "What would you like, sir? Where are we going?" Okay. They both, using their full-- They get all the way up to it. They don't have a chance to attack, but they're surrounding it with their weapons drawn. They're going to probably brutalize it pretty badly next round. All right. For the purposes of this round, too, you hear a sound from up in the hallway, where Xanthas was. (pained shout) You watch as Xanthas goes flying out a few feet and lands on his back. You watch as a small, brown bit of hair races across, a giant, gleaming Holy Avenger goes across the air-- It's Kima. (yelling) Here we go. That is a 15 to hit. That hits against his armor class. And a natural 20. Oh, he will. It is a concentration spell. Ooh, double sixes on the first one. 21 points of damage on the first strike. On the critical, that is 25. Oof, that's rough. So, having to make a concentration check on both on those. The first one is a 15, succeeds on the first hit. The second one does not! It's half damage, he rolled a ten, he needed to roll 13 or higher. Yeah, it was on the critical. So the concentration spell ends, you have control of your mind again. After that and Kima unloading on him, yes, it is. From that total round, with the Divine Smite from her strike, he took 62 points of damage from her. Okay. (laughter) Yeah. He's prone. It's ranged attack, so when things are on the ground, they're a little harder-- You don't get advantage from an ally being adjacent. You get to sneak attack them if they're adjacent. No worries. Hits. His armor class isn't very high. He's a little mage dude. Yeah, both still hit with disadvantage. And you get sneak attack-- All right. You do get sneak attack on the first hit because Kima is adjacent to him. 28 on the first hit, nice. 17 on the second hit? How do you want to do this? (cheering) As he's on the ground-- He puts his finger up as you nock the first arrow, and he goes "Wait, I--" and the first arrow hits him in the shoulder. He's like "No, (nervous laughter) we can--" and he gets that far into the second sentence before the arrow (impact) through his face. (whimpers, trails off) And the finger goes limp as his eyes go a little dead in the face. Kima looks up and you and goes, (frustrated noise) "He was mine!" She takes the blade and (impact) stabs him anyway. (laughter) There's a little more in store here. We'll be back here in a minute guys, we'll see you in a sec. [break] It's that color right there, for one of the deckboxes. So Super Gimpo Man and Southern Dragon 22 congratulations, well done. All right, guys, so, the dust of the battle settling, the plumes of smoke slowly beginning to dissipate as the fires burn out from the previous struggle. The remaining living soldiers begin to gather their dead and wounded. And you guys begin to reconvene as allies towards the broken front doors to the outside of Fort Daxio. You search his body? All righty. Sure, if you want to. How many points do you have, Grog? 25 hitpoints on Grog. I don't know. Right now? It doesn't work that way. All right, so as you guys are looting, the giant has giant black iron plate mail on, which is very heavy, it is-- it's going to take a few hands to pull off. As well as her great maul, which is also very large. And about 812 gold pieces. You could hold it, but you couldn't wield it, yes. Sizewise, it's maybe about three feet taller than you, from head to pommel. And the weight of it is unwieldy for your size. Okay. You find on Xanthas-- you find 1,098 gold pieces. You find a potion of superior healing that he didn't have a chance to use. And there appears to be a wand that is shattered. It looks like it has broken, and there's a little bit of a burn mark on the wood the wand was crafted from. Okay. Make an arcana check. Definitely busted. And it was once a wand. I hate you so much, Sam. Nothing, continue. No, not until now. Yeah. I've been focused on... other things. I blame you, internet. You're partially responsible for this. Oh boy. Some things never die. It is a legacy, it's true. It's pretty great. One of the downsides of having hundreds of hours of video of you on the internet is those are everywhere. It's wonderful. I'm glad you guys have come to enjoy it. Probably, yeah. Somebody do a supercut, please. Too late, guys. Okay, go ahead and make some repair checks while you're working on that. Same tinkering check. Yeah. Bad News, you're going to need supplies to fix. Okay. Yes, the giant was looted. You're trying to carve something out of the ember-roc? Go ahead and make a nature check, with advantage. Okay. It's hard to pull a lot from the body, because the nature of the ember-roc, as it passes away, parts of it begin to turn to ash, but you do manage to pull from a portion of its torso what's called ember-roc oil. It is a flammable liquid that burns like a napalm. You get about roughly a gallon of it to extract. Because the rest of it's ruined for it. It's worth about 750 gold, if you were to try and sell it. It's very volatile, depending on how you store it, just so you're aware. So you guys have a vial of ember-roc oil. Kind of. In a way. You're not certain. The book that you have that details some of these creatures, the thing that you had found earlier in the campaign, it doesn't tell you details of how the actual liquid is triggered, it just says that it is fiery and burns very hot. Sure. As you guys are taking this moment to figure this out, eventually you hear what sounds like the crumbling of stone, and a few rocks tumble out of the broken open entrance to the fortress, and you watch as a couple of guards begin to come out, their eyes wide. They look like they were in armor and ready to make the final stand. Among them, you see General Elle Gorgofon, the female head of this particular regiment of Fort Daxio, and Kima. You see them all emerge from it. Elle looks out to them. "So, you've done well. Little late, "but thank you for the assist. We'll begin to gather our dead." She walks forward and gives you all a nod as she puts her helmet back on. Puts her blade aside and begins helping their soldiers begin to gather the dead in a pile. Kima steps up. You can see her teeth are clenched, and there's still a shaking of rage in her fists, and what looks to be streaks of dried tears across her cheek. "Xanthas betrayed us all. He arrived alone, bloodied, asked for aid and protection. Since "Allura recognized him, we let him in. Stayed here for a short time, saying how bad things had become "in Emon, and spoke with Allura alone. Something sensitive. We found her ten minutes later. Come "with me." She steps over the stone and leads you inside of the fortress. She turns the corner, stops, staring into the room. As you guys approach, motions for you to follow her. You walk up to one of the small meeting chambers, the one that you met Elle with when you first arrived here. And as you begin to approach, Kima turns back and says, "It's okay. Friends are here." And you walk in and you see Allura sitting really scared in a corner in her robes, sitting in a chair with her knees pulled to her chest. Her eyes widen as she sees you all, and she gets up from her chair and runs over, and the person who's probably the first to walk in there would probably be Keyleth, at this point, and just wraps her arms around you and just holds you for a second and shakes. She backs away. (distressed sounds) "I-- I don't know what that is, I don't-- Can you help her?" You do have a seventh. Oh, you can definitely cast it at a higher level. It doesn't affect it, but you can. It's all good. So as you approach-- Kima, as you begin to walk forward, your hands begin to glow as you reach out, your holy symbol beginning to burn with a bright whitish-orange color that mingles with the red and gold of the armor across your chest. As the glow sparks in your fingers, she goes (gasps). She reaches forward, slowly touches and grabs your hand, and as it does, you watch as the light transfers from your hands and gauntlets into her arms and upper sleeves. She winces from it, but you keep holding her tight, and as it passes up through, reaches her mind, her face, the glow passes through and lifts off her, like this gentle steam that lifts off her. Eyes roll back for a second and close. "You are a godsend, my dear." She pulls you in for a big hug and lifts you up off the ground for a second before-- "You're "heavy now." Puts you back down. "That you do, that you do." As she pulls back, she looks at you all, and immediately, Grog and Vex, you feel yourselves pushed apart, as Kima rushes up and just grabs her around the side and says, "Don't do that again!" Holds her for a second. Allura just rubs her head and says, "I'm "sorry. I should have been careful. We needed allies, I didn't know--" And Kima says, "You shut "up," and she reaches up and gives her a kiss. She takes her and holds her to her chest. Allura holds her, and you hear Kima quietly sobbing for a moment, and she goes, "I-- well. It seems that "things have moved a bit quicker in your absence. I think it's time to find what we have at our "disposal and do what we can to finish this before it comes on us." "They're about a day south of Emon. Syngorn has returned. Mikael is leading them northward. I "haven't checked in. I'm sorry, I wanted-- I should have let you know. I couldn't, I didn't--" "It seems you found what you went for. Let's hope it makes the difference." At which point, Kima pushes away from Allura, her head still down. She sniffles back tears, looks up, punches her in the shoulder. Allura bumps back and rubs her shoulder. "I know." "You know." Kima turns around and walks out of the room in a little bit of a huff, her lower lip quivering. Allura now smiles for the first time since you came in. "All right. If you can, do your thing." So you bring back, dragging this bloody body, leaving this trail through the Fort. There's bits of rock and rubble around, and you're like, "Oops!" Drag him over them as you go. All right. So that is a 3rd-level spell. Okay. So this would be the one. If you had it prepared, it has to be prepared. All righty. Great. Can ask the corpse up to five questions. Just be aware of the rule, too. The corpse is under no compulsion to offer a truthful answer if you are hostile to it and it recognizes you as an enemy. You can also discern lies, if you get a high enough insight. This is still-- this isn't free answers. This is still an interrogation. Well, technically, it's Pike asking the questions, since it is her spell, so whatever questions you ask have to go through her. Yeah. You guys have not engaged him beyond a brief fuck-you-type conversation in and out. All right, what are you doing? Casting the spell? All right, so as Grog throws it on the ground, skids for a second, you begin casting the spell. As you're casting it, Kima walks up and kicks it one more time and then walks away. You finish-- it takes you-- it's a very quick action, but as you finish, you watch as the air itself seems to form this mist around the corpse, and the mist absorbs into the body. All of a sudden the jaw opens. Air fills its chest and the head leans up, the eyes still staring off into the distance, but it seems to be addressing you, Pike. Make a persuasion check. The head creaks a little bit as it tilts upward. You can hear the unnatural puppeteering of the body trying to speak, not the spirit but the body's memory. "He's had no visits. He speaks "through his crystals." "Naught but two days before, maybe less, a scouting party left Emon. Saw activity at the "fort. And when they checked, they saw you. And you were marked." Sure. You get the sense that might be what he's referring to, and you get the sense that long ago when you guys were high up on the broom looking out towards Emon, you missed seeing something that was possibly-- Okay. So far none of the questions seem to be probing too deeply and he seems to be on the level with Pike. "Secrets. Just the Traverse Junction." That's where he used to work. That's the-- "Or the tunnels beneath. But those are where the Clasp reign dominion." "There are a few groups. But beneath the city the resistance builds. We've tried to smoke "them out but they keep moving." Sure. Kind of hard to read for a dead body, but seems to be legit. "Thordak has no fear. Thordak rules all." LIAM and You can't all make insight checks to cover for the last person failing. I know, I know. 25. Seems to be telling the truth from what he knows. You get the sense that in a strange way, while he was an intelligent fellow, he was also kind of a sniveling patsy. And the way that Kima's talked off the cuff since this began to happen, since you began to prepare for the corpse, she seems to have a history, or at least her and Allura both have a history with him in the city, and he was basically a spineless coward. The spell at this point has subsided and the last bit of energy and mist that had entered the body slowly drifts out of the open mouth and nose, (gasps), and the corpse goes cold. Okay. And there are large pyres for a lot of the lizardmen corpses and wyvern pieces, they've all been thrown. All the rest of the dead soldiers have been rounded up and have blankets and cloth, whatever's nearby, to haul them over the wall and begin to recount who fell among them. Okay. You concentrate on the stone for a minute. Your form begins to shift. Your physicality begins to almost liquefy and then swirls and vanishes from view. You open your eyes, and you're in shadow. You're in shade. You're in this little nook at the side of the rock crevasse, and you hear two voices go (surprised gasp). And you look immediately to your left and you see Hunin and Kyor are both there. One of them has dropped the crystal on the ground-- "Sorry! Sorry!" "It started glowing and I got scared." "I'm glad you're safe too. Is everything okay?" They both look at each other. "Okay." And Hunin takes Kyor by the hand and they both walk after you as you make your way back towards Fort Daxio. The rest of you-- Okay! They both climb up after an awkward five minutes of trying to convince them that it's okay. Trinket nudges them a little bit and they get up on top. They're both riding on top of him and he's proudly walking. (bear grunts) Okay. Yeah, she's nearby. She was helping gather the dead, and she was talking with General Elle and getting the ideas of what the next course of action is and as you approach her she turns to you and as she recognizes your approach and goes, "Looking to probably make a jaunt to Whitestone "shortly and see what we've gathered on that end. I can bring everyone with me if you'd like. You can "stay here if you like, but..." "It is, and it was beyond the capability of that... man. But he pulled out a small wooden "trinket in front of me which shattered and sent me into my stupor." "Yes." SAM and "Initially. It seemed to be some sort of a shock force. Apparently, that fire giant was their "reinforcements or a general, I know not. From what you've told me, at the very least. There weren't "any powerful entities here at the get go, either. I don't think it was sent as a full-scale assault "more than it was, at this stage, just enough to harry and see what was here." Xanthas. "None of us were in contact with him. I hadn't seen him, probably in the better part of a year." "As far as I know and the information I have received from Syngorn, they've taken the rest of "the troops under General Mikael Daxio as well as the forces of Syngorn and they're marching towards "Emon, one day out." "They're making their way northward, towards Daxio." "They're a day out from Emon, but they have to-- it's in the pathway." "They will, and in doing so, it's about a four-day journey on foot for those troops to make "it here to Fort Daxio." As you as that, Elle pulls forward, her helmet under her arm. "Last count, looks like we "have 55 strong surviving." "That was my plan, yes." "That's a very broad question." At this point it's probably a little later afternoon; you're maybe an hour, hour and a half from sunset. The fort's actually holding pretty well. Other than the front doors, which need to be repaired, and right now there isn't anything beyond just putting things in the way because of the impact of the giant. The outer wall's taken quite a bit of damage, but the fortress itself, for the most part, is standing. General Elle says, "I can do that; don't worry. And don't make fun of my horns!" "It's a very specific sound my soldiers are trained to hear." "Of course." "Yes you will." If you want to, there is a hearth in one of the common-room areas. They do. There are a few bathrooms that can be... There's nothing terribly comfortable, but there are blankets. It does get cold this far north. It's not in the winter months anymore, but just south of the Cliffkeep Mountains in this area, it does get kinda chilly, so there are blankets, there are hides, there are things to keep warm in. Okay. All right. The rest of you guys find yourselves to rest for the evening? Okay. Those who care to, you clean up, and find rest as well. The food is meager but serviceable, and you all find yourselves an evening's rest. Unperturbed, a good nine, ten hours pass of intense sleep as you all are sore, you are all exhausted-- although you do recover your point of exhaustion, Scanlan, that's gone-- as do you, from your frenzied rage-- You all come to consciousness shortly after daybreak, I'd say; you got to bed probably right around sunset, or a little bit past sunset, so it's just starting to get the sun over the mountains. The day is yours. Allura raises her hand. "I can still take us there." "That was the plan, but... I mean, it's up to you; we could find a tree, I suppose." "Oh... I cannot do that, unfortunately." "I haven't seen Raishan. We've been at the fort this entire time, waiting for your return." All right. You find your way out to one of the slightly charred trees in the main courtyard area, you open the portal. (whoosh) as it opens, your two celestial-blooded children guide you through, as well as Kima and Allura, into Whitestone. You emerge from the Sun Tree in the morning hours there as well. The city is quiet. You can see that a lot of the guard has been gathering arms and armor just in case they were ever called to be part of this fray, and the city just seems to be on high alert. But everything is intact, Whitestone appears to be fine, and the castle looms northward from your current position. You guys make your way towards Whitestone Castle; the guards greet you and lead you inside. Within minutes, Cassandra has been summoned down and says, "Percival, thank God you've returned." "You're alive, that's--" "Look, the last time you left, you did not come back in the best of places! I'm just "beginning to think--" "Speaking of Asum." "Come." "Who are these?" You're the best foster mom ever! You watch their noses scrunch a little as you entirely butcher their names. Hunin and Kyor. Yes. K-Y-O-R. "Yes, we can find them a room; that's fine. Not to worry." "Fine." They're in their late teens. Mid- to late teens. Cassandra's a little bit older. Though she doesn't act it. She acts, like, fifteen years her senior. And always has. All right, you guys head upstairs with her; she leads you-- oh, no. She does not lead you upstairs. She leads you downstairs, through the tunnels, towards the ziggurat. And as she's walking along, she says, "Well. We've managed to relocate the meeting room. And it required a bit "of careful discussion as to our current allies. As well, the transport was a bit awkward for Asum and "his companion, and the dragon cannot maintain her usual form around the ziggurat, so just be ready." As you guys make your way into the ziggurat chamber, you can see already there's the platform on the outside of the central area where the new situation is set. And you see there's a table, and you can already hear discussion off that way, and there are a few servants that are bringing food and drinks up there as part of the morning breakfast for those who are in their meeting. And you see there, right on the outskirts of the table, wrapped and curled up, a gargantuan green dragon with its head resting on its claws that is listening in on part of the conversation. To Cassandra? To the room? Okay, so as you head up to the platform, everyone pauses and looks over. Asum stands up-- you can see now, this being the real Asum-- acid-scarred across the face, just as Raishan's form arriving was, and sitting on the opposite end of Raishan, and you can see there's this very much kind of-- especially as a master of spies and information, understands the importance of, you know, strange bedfellows, given the circumstances in war, but is still not at ease and doesn't seem to keep-- always has one eye on the dragon at all times, but gives a nod. "It's good "to see that you're all alive. And we have much to discuss. Please, come sit. You've met Brom "before." And you look over and you can see Brom Goldhand, the same square-jawed, shorter, black unkempt hair, the cleric of Ioun that was and is part of the council. However, the skin is covered in burn scars. Like, the face, some of the features are kind of missing. All the exposed elements beyond the armor are just burned. But he stands and bows to everyone. "It is good to see "you all alive." He sits down at the table, Cassandra takes a seat. Raishan has said nothing, is just watching you all as you sit down, gives a nod. Allura flanks behind you. Kima has been asked not to attend. (chuckles) Allura sits down on-- there's a few stools, whatever chairs were available were brought in here, so it's a ramshackle meeting room, given how many butts have to sit around this area. But you are all here. "So. I've been told that you were at Daxio and gathering other allies "about. Please, let us know what the circumstance is from your end of things. Things are not as well "from ours." "Wonderful." "But Daxio's been attacked." "Then I would not recommend taking folks to Fort Daxio, especially if it's sustained damage. "Well, we've been busy in Emon." The eyes glance over at Raishan. "And, well, needless to say, "things have gone a bit strange. We've been working with Spireling Shenn and the Clasp, and we've been "able to smuggle thousands of denizens of Emon beneath the city. Those that were not directly "enslaved or gave fealty to the Cinder King out of fear and other interests we've been able to keep "safe, and we've moved through the tunnels as often as possible. There are still many, many, many "wyvern riders that patrol the city; the townfolk have run out of offerings and are now being sent "out in slave groups to pull goods from nearby cities to bring at the feet of the dragon. We also "have a rising volcanic mass rising up beneath the city that has consumed a number of the underground "Clasp tunnels and has been slowly pinching off our mobility beneath the town, so our intent to "hopefully find some sort of retort or vengeance and eventually take down the dragon... that clock "is definitely ticking. Now. We've been keeping as best an eye on Thordak as we can. Brom, bless him "and his sacrifices, has been our front man for this. And we know the creature has been shedding "scales in places where jets of ever-burning flame now spark and burn the city itself. Wherever each "one of these scales falls, it seems to be a beacon or source of its own white-hot fire. So the city "is now a pitfall of its own right. The creature itself, the dragon, it has these jets that now "burst from underneath its armor, fire that licks beyond it. It has a crest of red crystals now that "begin to twist behind its horns and head, its eyes are like white-hot stars from the sky, it's... "It's still dragon-like, but something more primal and elemental. (sighs) I'm not entirely certain "what we're dealing with here. But Brom, you've made some headway." And Brom clears his throat. "(ahem) Myself and a few devout have been doing our best to prepare surviving warriors and guards, "and mages who were ousted from the Lyceum; we have a few strike teams that have been effective in "harrying the outside of his defenses, learning information we can, knocking down the guardians. "Since the fire giants have arrived it's been a little more difficult, so we've been reduced to "stealth missions, quick in and out. We don't have the muscle to assault head-on. Up until recently." His eyes pass over to you. "You say there are armies making their way to the city, and we have "you, all the strength that you've gained and the stories I've heard from people here at Whitestone. "If we're going to do something, we need to do it soon. Now, the Lyceum has fallen to those that "have sworn fealty to the Cinder King, so we don't have use of those artifacts anymore. We've been "trying to break through to the inner sanctum of the Cloudtop, what the dragon now calls its home, "its lair. It's burrowed this deep, underground basin where it resides now. It only emerges when "summoned or called to, or when it decides to make a proclamation, drawing what little bit of "children or families that it sees as a fun bit of play to watch them bow and quiver in the street "before asking for someone to prove their strength and their worship of himself and strike them where "they stand. Some days he's angry, some days he's laughing; this dragon is completely insane, we "can't really gauge. Red dragons are known for pride, and you could count on that, use it against "them, but sometimes his jaws quiver as he cries and shakes and yells out laughing into the sky, a "terrible laughter, one that can induce the worst of nightmares. I don't know what we're dealing "with anymore. However. We did have one team, a very brave team, that provoked the dragon to leave "its lair, and held it long enough for us to move past it and pierce the inside of its sanctum. Now, "we passed the wards, and the pools of fire. The beast returned before we could get too far, and I "lost most of my men, myself barely surviving with my life, and the scars to tell of it. But the "beast is building something in that lair. Something it is guarding fiercely. And something "that it will not leave. Something that I think it has come to hold more dear than the city it now "presides over. If there is a key to piercing its pride, or if there is a reason to take it down, I "begin to fear what it's holding below the city. Now, by the might of the Wounded Mistress of "Knowledge, Ioun, in the channels in which we speak, that is all the information I have. I hope "it's helped in some way." And he sits down in his chair and clutches his holy symbol. Raishan's head slowly turns towards you and the nostrils kind of, (snort). Not in an aggressive way, but in acknowledgement. The bright yellowish eyes, you can see the blackened veins that curl up past the scales, some of the scales actually splitting and pulling open what you can see would be some sort of a contagion-based wound that, while not infected, does not look positive. Raishan's lips curl up, and the voice billows forth, a low, curling growl. "Well. If the madness "continues to spread, and our recent conversations confirm this, you've gathered your allies. "Distraction. Attack. Confusion. Chaos, striking towards the center of the city is the best chance "we have. If we have a way in, to break the Cloudtop, we can battle it there, draw it from its "lair. Force it to possibly rescind within, and have our final battle there. Or, if luck is with "us, finish it on the streets itself, and discover whatever it is it's keeping while it lies dead and "burning in the street." "What have I to gain by watching you do this yourself?" "I have no idea. He lets nothing within his sanctum." Make an insight check. 23? Thinks for a minute. "I do not know of this sphinx. I am sorry." There is a temple to Ioun? In Vasselheim? "That is good. Many temples have fallen and hidden through the years since our "mistress was wounded." "I can beseech my mistress for information. But short of travelling to Vasselheim which I have "not been to, I cannot help you. I apologise, since the Calamity, during the struggle with Tharizdun, "my mistress was grievously wounded in the struggle, and since then has been diminished. And "in this time many of those that seek to lessen her hold on the world and the spread of the "information and knowledge that we wish to share have then hunted and persecuted those of us that "follow in her wake. So the temples have been buried or kept in distributed information through "anonymous channels. Only a few of us in positions of protection can speak out so strongly. This..." Surprisingly, he turns back towards the ziggurat. "This was one such temple." "Tharizdun, the Chained Oblivion." "Yes, a very evil one. Sealed, chained away. Nothing you need to worry about. Not in "the midst of this." Cassandra says "Yes, the airship has been told to make its way towards Fort Daxio." Well you didn't learn about the Vestiges until it was-- Yeah, Kamaljiori, it was, yeah. Yes. You take all the Vestiges and and smush them into a pile on the central table and all the rest of the council kind of-- --look curiously and they all gather around as you begin to place them all into the central area, kind of overlapping in almost the shape of a person who is built of Vestiges. You put them each one down, their kind of magical essence clinging with the surface of the stone table. All right, the sound of them impacting. They all sit there on the table. No. Everyone's kind of standing there watching quietly as nothing happens, and then Asum goes, "All right then, um." Yeah, we had that discussion. You need things beneath the armor or it'll cut you to shit. That'd be a bad idea. You'd get pinched in all the wrong places. Cassandra kind of raises her hand and goes, "Kashaw and Zahra, they are ready to go whenever you are ready." "Shaun we've -- we're trying to decide if it is best to keep someone here to maintain the "barrier, or if we are going all in on this, if we just send everyone out there "and leave the city defenseless." Allura raises her hand and goes, "Either I or Shaun can run the barrier; you can decide. I "don't mind staying back or going to the forefront. It's your choice which one of us to take." "I believe he can, yes." "It's interesting. I have a lot of personal history with Thordak. I feel a deep sense of "responsibility for all of this that still eats away at me. And because of that a part of me "really longs to be there with all of you, putting this dark and fiery chapter to rest. On the other "hand, having already faced him, and having an inkling of what he is now, every part of me wants "to run away. Screaming." "I have." "I lost many good people in doing so." "Most likely. So the choice is yours, Vox Machina." You watch her audibly (sighs). It's both. It's a lot of things. It's an emotionally conflicted exhale, but it is a relief of tension regardless. That's D&D, man. Allura turns to you, kind of takes the side of your head in her hands and says, "And in "becoming a leader, you've been put in a position to make very difficult choices. As you grow as a "leader, you'll have to make many more. This is not my choice to make." "Who do you choose?" "Keyleth." At this point, Raishan picks up and goes-- "Oh, god, at the rate this is going, I think perhaps neither of them are going to make it." The survivor goes to Emon! "Last I checked, he's handling the barrier, but he's a capable man. May need a bit of rest, "but so did you." There are a few chuckles at the table now, as everyone is just dumbfoundedly watching you all argue over who to take for five minutes. Vox Machina. "I'm not going, what are you talking about?! No! That's suicide! They make me baguettes every "morning in Whitestone. I'm staying here." (laughter) Allura kind of nods and goes, "Very well. I'll send Kima as well. All the strength that we have "in your direction. I'll stay here and play guardian of Whitestone, as I have for quite some "time." She looks to Cassandra, looks to Raishan, everyone else, they all kind of nod and Cassandra stands up, holds her collar and-- it's interesting in moments like these that such a young girl still carries the weight of a room like this, of such giants by comparison to her and still can command attention so quickly with a subtle physicality. And then she adjusts her collar a bit and raises her chin. "And so it is. Vox Machina, we gather our forces. Put your minds together. Decide on "your plan of action, your means of attack. Soon we begin the assault on Emon." And that's where we'll end our episode for tonight. You guys, thank you very much. We're on the home stretch, it looks like. Man. All right. You guys have a week to plan amongst yourselves what to do next time. Correct, yes, you've only used your spell there. We will unfortunately not have a Travis Willingham next week, or Ashley Johnson. However, based on the gathering of allies just for this battle, we may have a guest or two. (gasps) You guys are gathering all your allies. Yeah man! The Dark Carnival's here! (laughter) Just start spraying Faygo all over you guys. I wish, I wish, that'd be great. All right, cool. Thank you Loot Crate, again, for being a great sponsor. Thank you guys so much for watching tonight, we'll see you Tuesday at Talks Machina, and Thursday for the continuation of this climactic downwards spiral into ancient red dragon territory.