Hello everyone, and welcome to Critical Role, the show where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors get together, roll dice, and play Dungeons and Dragons. My name is Matthew Mercer, I'm the Dungeon Master of the game. Welcome, new folks who haven't seen this before, hope you're not too lost, and returning Team Hooman and Critter fans, welcome back, we love having you and let's get this evening on the road. We have some announcements and things to talk about before the game actually kicks in, so we'll first pass it over here to our fantastic overlord to get that kicked off. Watch me go crazy. It's only a few days! Yeah. That'll be exciting. Yes indeed. Yup! Yeah, I'm drumming for them, which, first off, I haven't played since probably 2011, and I'm a little rusty. No, but I assume they're gonna destroy me. That's okay. I will narrate my failure. In a way that will still be as engrossing. (laughs) Oh really? That's okay. That's cool. I got fire resistance. That's fine. Yes. Woof. (laughs) Of course they did. Yeah! (laughs) That's awesome. Shit. All right. There you-- You know, just goes to say that this community is built on so many great, positive people and such a wonderful sense of community, and a big huge thanks and please share appreciation for our fantastic mods who work consistently and constantly throughout the day. For free. Through our chatroom, which if you've watched, as you're now seeing and have seen previous episodes, is I can only assume readable by super mastermind computers at this point. So, you guys do an amazing job, it's really appreciated and to all of you guys out there in the community, keep that positivity, keep that understanding, and enjoy our game for its ups, for its downs, for our good character choices, bad character choices. It's all an experience in a story that we're all having together at the same time. So, kick along, hold on, and keep smiling. Yeah, thank you. I do. I love you. We do. He's a-- you know. It's a thing. So yeah, so, couple other announcements for you guys. What's our sub count right now? When's our next one hundred? At 9,500 we will be giving away our signed photo and signed art piece by Kit Buss to a random person who's active in the chat. So next time we hit that goal, we'll have that giveaway, which is awesome. Once again, Extra Life has been our big charity push right now. Everyone who's given, thank you so much. So, so much, and if ever you want to be a part of helping that out we have the information there available for you, it goes to a really great cause. Let's see, Sam will be here shortly. Unfortunately, we're down a Tiberius tonight. However, yesterday was Orion's birthday, so feel free to go ahead and wish him a happy birthday on Twitter. Happy birthday, Orion. But yeah, Sam should be here shortly. And, let's see, do we have any project announcements? Or any other announcements you've got. Congratulations, buddy. That's awesome. Anything you want. That's awesome! (laugh) It's warm on the chesticles. This whole community is brilliant, so you guys. Yeah, we hit both coasts. Yeah, in the same week. It's crazy. Yeah, we all went to New York Comic Con. We had a panel that went really well. We had a bunch of great critters come out and Team Hooman folks come and sit in the audience, ask questions. We had some fun banter back and forth. We gave out 'Critical Rolls,' these cookies that were our little meal deal. Right. Much like our realm is imaginary. Completely unintentional, I'm sure. Also, thank you guys for coming out to that event. Also, for those who came to see us at Forbidden Planet in New York, we had a great turnout, and that comic shop wasn't quite expecting what they were in for. We weren't expecting, but they especially were like halfway through like, "Who are you "guys?! What is happening?!" Yeah we did. We pulled up and got out of the car and all of a sudden it was like hundreds of people cheering and we all went "What?!" and the Uber driver went "What?!?" And even we were like "I don't know." You guys were amazing. Thank you for that. Yeah, that was a good turnout. Yeah. Other announcements Coming up in I think the next couple weeks or so, the release of the Minecraft Story Mode. Comes out on Xbox. Completely a fun show. We went to the Archlight Let's Play of it they did, which was really a lot of fun. I play the characters Aiden and Otis in it. Yes, lots of screaming children. Yeah, so I play Aiden and Otis and a smattering of other characters throughout. I think Sam also worked on it. Anyone else? That's right, Ashley Johnson, our very own Pike! Yeah, she's one of the main characters in that show. So if you're a Minecraft fan and you like Telltale and you have an Xbox, check it out. Awesome! (sings) Yeah. There you go. Perfect. I think we have a couple scenes together. I can only assume that it's tawdry. Probably. It's just like an extended, fully interactive too. Talk about choices you make that affect the storyline. (laughs) But yeah, cool, guys. Any announcements anyone want to talk about, or shall we get things started? All right, let's do it. Grog, he'll be here in a minute but in the meantime, let's go ahead and dial in for the next episode of Critical Role. Welcome back. So. Sh. (laughs) So, to go over the current adventure in its current sequence, we have-- the party recently had an encounter with the Briarwoods. Two individuals that were responsible for a lot of strife-- -- in the background of Percival's history. Seemingly responsible for the destruction of his entire family, and have for the past five years been essentially ruling his home city and castle. They were out for a political banquet with Sovereign Uriel in Emon and the party members of Vox Machina, they were all invited to be part of this. Didn't quite go as planned. There was a scuffle and the Briarwoods absconded back to Whitestone. They sent a couple assassins out to attempt to take out their driver, who was spilling information and essentially was going to be Vox Machina's way of being free of any sort of political issues based on their actions that evening, and after much discussion and preparation and purchasing a lot of mirrors, the party took their transit over to the east-northeast towards Whitestone, where they began to traverse the Alabaster Sierras to the north, using the mountain range as opposed to going directly through the forest. There they managed to avoid encountering a bunch of harpies that were distracted by eating the horses they left behind. They camped for the evening and began to make their way through some sort of a mountainous valley that led in towards the forest surrounding Whitestone. While they were traveling down this pass, there was a rumbling, and some sort of really fast, rapid-moving large blue creature that leaped down in front, catching them off-guard. And that is where we begin today. That blue creature. What'd I roll on my beard check? Well, obviously. (all laugh) And my Halloween costume requires a decent amount of facial hair. Yeah! 509 away. We'll see. All right, so, everyone. As this huge, blue-scaled reptilian-like creature with multiple arms and legs comes skittering down the side of the cliffs, blocking off the entirety of this passage, snarling at you with sharp teeth and this sparking-blue electrical energy jutting out of the corners of its mouth. I want you all to roll initiative. 1d12 plus your constitution modifier! Whoa, what'd you roll?! That's pretty hot. So many hit points for the barbarian. All of them. All right, so initiatives we have-- 25 to 20, anyone? All right. 20 to 15? 16? 15 to ten? Ten, Keyleth. Ten to five? Scanlan, you have consistently the best initiative rolls. As you should, as you should. So, first up Percy. Instinctively, with your drive towards Whitestone and this creature in your way, you are already ready for this encounter. What are you going to do? It is considered a huge creature. All righty. With the minus five. 17 hits. Just go ahead and roll the attacks in succession. Go ahead and roll the attacks in succession so we know how many hit. Second shot. It hits. Third one? Okay. Okay, all three hit. Go ahead and roll damage. 17 damage. All righty! Disadvantage on his attacks this round. Gotcha. Do you want to stay where you are, or are you going to move? You're right close to one. You can-- Okay. Brace against that wall, there. Gotcha. All righty. Okay. Next up is the creature. (Laughs) Because it rolled really high on its initiative. It's going to go ahead. Let's see, at a movement of 50 feet. It's a valley. The cliff sides go up. You could climb around it without a problem. But it's pretty sheer. You'd have to make climb checks if you want to-- So it scurries forward-- Lowers its jaw and rears its head back. As it does, you see its eyes flare with electrical energy and inside its mouth begins to glow with a brightish blue, white power. A bolt of electrical energy comes forward, hitting Grog, Vax, Scanlan, and Percy. Well, let's see. Actually, no, it would move out to-- Hmm, that's only 20 feet, so to get maximum-- This, let's see. No, actually for optimal-- --optimal impact here, instead, it's going to go there. (laughs) Practically. It will then do it on-- It would be Grog, Vex, and Trinket. I realized that its bolt is only 20 feet long. So, utilizing its optimal Lightning Bolt length, you guys were clustered together. All right, so I need you guys, you three, to roll a dexterity saving throw. You do it with advantage. It only affects attacks, not for saving throws. Good to know. All right. And Trinket? He got an eight? Oof, okay. 33 points of lightning damage to both of you. Trinket takes 66. Unconscious. So, as there was a crackling of energy forward, you two brace yourself, managing to get mostly out of the way. Unfortunately, both of you dodging out of the way leaves an open shot for bear, that just takes the brunt of it, throwing Trinket up against the side of the actual mountainous cavern. And slumps to the ground, smoking off the fur. Yes. Not yet. Until we get to his turn. That will end-- Yeah. Technically, he should have more from leveling up. But, even more wouldn't be that much higher, so-- Okay, so that's rough. That ends its turn. Vex, you're up first. (all laugh) All righty. All righty. 30 hits. 30 hits. 22 also hits. That's the damage. Okay, gotcha. And Grog, also-- Because you're right next to it. (posh accent) It doesn't matter, you have not taken your turn to rage yet. That would be full damage upon you, Grog. To hit? Okay. 15. That's including the Hunter's Mark, right? All right, good. 21, got it. So, as you look over and you see Trinket on the ground, smoldering spire of smoke pouring off of his body-- This way, do you mean? That would be more of an action-action, unfortunately. But you angrily turn around, release your arrow, firing a completely furious Hail of Thorns into the creature. As it hits, it shatters across its hide, some of it scattering onto Grog. You don't even care. You just focus the anger, pull out a second arrow, unleash this one. Actually jamming underneath one of the scales. You can see a little trickle of dark, deep purple blood beginning to pour from the wound. Okay, where do you want to go? Right there? Okay. Okay. That ends your turn. Grog, you're up. (laughs) Okay. All righty. Certainly. That hits. That hits. That also hits. 13 damage. Good to know. Mm-hm. Good to know. All right, so, going into the rage, you just see that same fury. You can smell the burnt hair in the air and you use that to fuel that moment of pain. You just (impact sounds) and just start bludgeoning the creature right up in its face. You can see it's thrashing and snarling at you and snapping with each blow. You guys are locked in this titan-versus-human battle right now. Cool, and are you going to stay where you are? This way, there? Fair enough. (laughs) Okay, Grog. Ends your turn. Keyleth, you're up. Mm-hm. Trinket's right there. You're over here. Oh, that's right. Make a death saving throw, by the way. Almost forgot. Roll a d20. Okay, so not creeping closer to death yet. All right. So Trinket's at 25 hit points, conscious. Prone, but conscious. You hear the-- okay. (laughs) Mm-hm? Uh-huh. Okay. After you finish healing Trinket-- -- you pull up, reach out, and pull this. And you're going to hold it in your hands, you could feel it's warm to the touch. Almost too hot to hold. And there's this slight pulsing, almost like a heartbeat pulse to it. You hold it in your hands and just crush it, concentrating all your energy on it. As you do, what seemed to be hard and sturdy all of a sudden turns brittle in your fingers, and it cracks and breaks, almost like it was made of a very, very brittle earth. As it breaks and your hands come together, the "too hot to touch" becomes too hot to touch, and for a moment, your hands burst into flames-- And you instinctively pull back like you want to go ahead and put out the fire-- -- but then it falls to a normal temperature again, but the flames remain. And you can now see your hands are now emitting flame from all the fingers. All right. Keyleth transforms into Minxie! And as Minxie-- -- appears, her form transitioning into this large, albino sabre-toothed tiger-- SAM and You can see both of the tiger's claws embedded into the ground of this rocky terrain are having licks of fire and flame curling off of the actual claws. (laughs) I regret everything! (all laugh) Right, but you can break your movement up. You've moved 20 feet, so you still have ten more feet to move if you want to. That should be there. Okay. All right, that ends Keyleth. Now would be Tiberius. Tiberius, who now takes the turn to cast Stoneskin on himself. Then backs up behind this side, there, preparing for the next round. Vax, you're up. Mm-hm? Yep. All right. 24 hits. This is with Sneak Attack, yep. Yep. All right, that hits. Regular damage now. Seven, all righty. 16. That does not hit. You actually go with a third one. The first one stabs through, and you can see you've actually hit some sort of an internal organ as you pull back and starts gouting blood. You see that, you stab a second blade in the same area and tend to open the wound another inch, inch and a half. The third one, you pull back, but it slinks around over its shoulder, its long sinewy neck curling over and staring at you. And your blade catches the hide instead and streaks off of the scales. That'll end your turn. Scanlan, you're up. All righty. This giant spectral hand, sparkling arcane energy appears roughly in front of your space. You can. Like, I'm just saying, from a flavor standpoint. Go for it. (all laugh) Right. Oh. You can just punch something with it, no matter its size, to do damage. Correct. Correct. Clenched Fisht. Thish ish the one you're talking about. Yes. All right, so-- For the Clenched Fist, make a melee spell attack. So roll a d20 and add your spell attack modifier. 13. As the fist swings out, it ducks out of the way. Its serpentine body ducking as the fist arcs off into the middle of the air. Spinning around, preparing itself for a secondary round, hopefully. That's good. All right. (sings) Everyone wants a Grog. d10, yeah. d10 Inspiration die from the bard. Top of the round again. Percy, you're up. Okay. You have the Sharpshooter feat, right? Okay, so yeah. Because it would have partial cover right now, but you ignore that with the-- Good to know. Yeah. But you have to reload after this turn. Oh no. First shot. As you pull up to the side, you pull your pepperbox out and go to fire. As you do, you pull the trigger and the actual barrel sticks out the side. Spins off, and (ping-ping-ping) on the ground. So that's your attack. That's your turn because it'll take you the rest of the turn to collect the Bad News. Yeah. You collect Pepperbox and you pull your back up to it and mutter curses. Fair enough. Okay. Now, on its turn-- First off, let's see here. But that does not recharge its Lightning Breath. It's going to move here. It's going to go ahead and make two attacks. It's going to turn around and its head that's looking at you, now, after you stabbed it in the back. Reaches down, its giant jaws open. You can see, like, this thick saliva that's coating its fangs, and it, with serpentine speed, bites at you. That's going to be a 23 to hit. 23. All right. So, let's see. That would be-- (laughs) It would be 26 damage, so you take 13. Points of piercing damage. And then, as it bites, it turns around and its tail begins to snake around your body, Grog. And its whole body begins to try to reach around to constrict and crush you. That is a 21 to hit. All righty, so. You take 21 points in bludgeoning damage. So that'd be 11 points of bludgeoning damage plus 21 points of slashing damage. As well. So a total of 22 damage. And you are considered grappled and restrained, currently, as the entire creature begins to wrap around you. And you're currently (sound of struggle). You're trying to hold onto your axe but your whole body's being crushed by this large serpentine creature. (all laugh) You feel every pulse of its muscles tensing. As the pain and ache, you can feel muscles and ligaments tearing and popping as it pulls in on you. And it's going to, as part of its grapple, move you with it to there. And it'll end its turn. Vex, you're up. At the end of the turn. Okay, it has a reach of ten. So you are technically within its melee range. So you can run but you'll take attack of opportunity from it if you do. Just so you're aware. You can, but you have disadvantage on all your ranged attacks because you are in melee range. Doesn't affect your attacks. Sorry. It's up to you, you can stay where you are and take disadvantage on all your attacks, or you could run past and it gets a free swipe on you. Your call. Okay. Over to here? Like, how far? Okay, you're right here. You can try and back up this way if you wanted to get away. That's Scanlan there. Oh, here? Right there? Over here? Okay, all right. Okay. So Trinket gets up and used half its 40 movement. It can move-- Okay, so as you rush away, the creature takes-- Ooh, that's a 26 to hit. So you take 18 points of piercing damage. Oh, it's 3d10, sorry. 19. I rolled a one for damage. 19 points of piercing damage as its mouth lashes out, takes a chunk of your shoulder for a second, and you wrench yourself away and keep running. Take the rest of your turn. Yes, you are. That hits. Okay. Second one hits, first one misses, or did it hit? For damage? All right, second one, blazing bow? 16 damage, all right. Okay. You currently are completely in its visual range. You have to be behind something to reasonably become hidden. No, behind a person doesn't work. It has to be, like, behind a pillar. Or in deep shadow. Something that would break your line of sight to it-- For a moment, to the point where it no longer knows quite where you are. But now you know. All right. That's your turn. Grog, you're up. All right. 20, yes. Because you are restrained-- Need to check what effect the condition-- Here. Just to be safe. Okay, yeah. Go ahead and you're making an athletics check. All right, so-- As your teeth sink into one of its scales and you yank it out with the sheer force of your muscly neck. It unfurls for a second, you manage to pull yourself out of its grasp. Okay. All right. That is an action to do that, though, isn't it? Yeah. For a later time. But you have a bonus action, still. You gain another attack, go for it. 21 does hit. Also hits. One more. "Hit" meaning-- It was one better than your previous-- You hit once, yeah. Just one hit. 15 points. All right, so, as you pull away, you reach back with your hammer and slam it into its side, causing this giant burst of fire-- To emanate from the impact. It shrinks back for a second and (growls). (laughs) All right, Keyleth, you're up. All right. There? All righty. Go for it. What was it? Okay. 20 hits. An additional 1d6 fire damage. Yes. So, any of your claw attacks or any claw attacks you do in any of your forms now get an additional 1d6 fire damage. All right, go for it. Your bite does not get the effect. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage for the bite. Eight plus five is 13. Right. Cool. So, your flaming claw strikes across its outer body, its legs pull away from the pain as you reach up and bite into the edge of its tail. As its tail tries to whip away, you catch it and it pulls you forward a few feet as you clench down on it. Eventually, it yanks its way out, taking a couple of scales with it, you can see a streak where teeth marks are on the back of its tail. Awesome. Does that end your turn? Tiberius is going to go around the corner again and is going to cast Telekinesis and send his glaive up spinning. Granny grinder?! Rolls a two, unfortunately, though. Just streaks off and spins back around and then, while it misses the creature and stops, hovering above his head with a slow spin. Sits there curling his fingers, grinning at the creature. And is going to the use of the rest of this movement to go back behind the rock because mama didn't raise no fool. Vax, you're up. This way? That hits! Sneak Attack, man. 17 just barely hits. So, oh, perfect! Second dagger wedges in with the second dagger, opening the wound even more. You're like, perfect opening! You go for the third one, and it's grown wise to it, and turns around and rakes its claw out and deflects the dagger midair. That brings us to Scanlan. All right, as you say "Wise guy, eh?" as this giant hand's floating in the air, and its head snarls at it and tries to bite at the hand. Go ahead and roll your spell attack. So, you get to go ahead and-- Yeah, 4d8 points of force damage. 19 points of force damage as you jam both its fingers into the sides of its head. Both of its eyes recoil on it, it reaches out and starts thrashing at the air around as the hand dodges around for a minute. You begrudgingly take 1d10 inspiration dice from Scanlan. It is not. It is a resilient creature, and the impact was mainly absorbed by the ocular sockets, as opposed to the eyes themselves. There's bone around-- never mind. All right. It ends Scanlan's turn. Percy, you're up. No, you can maintain concentration. Okay. So you take your action to go ahead and repair the gun. All right, three shots. Using your bonus action to reload. That's right. We-- yeah, yeah. As part of the misfire, you would lose one, so you have two in the chamber right now. Yes. Okay. 22 hits. What'd you roll? You got one shot off. Go ahead and roll damage. Sharpshooter damage, so it gets the plus ten damage. No, misfire still hits. There is a lot of strengths to the gunslinger. This is the one penalty, is if you roll bad. Nice. Okay. So, as you go, and you fix it-- It takes the first shot, with a burst of flame that shoots out the front of the barrel. The second shot, this time, the actual metal in the front arcs upward, and it looks like this is going to take a moment, to really seriously repair it. Pepperbox is coming through pretty rough in this fight. So that's your turn. Yeah. Yeah. (laughs) The creature does regain use of its Lightning Breath. All right. So you wanna move anywhere? Which way? You mean over here? Right here? Okay. All righty. Okay. That ends Percy's turn. Considering optimal-- All right. So. (all groan) So, this behir is going to shift back here. You get an attack of opportunity on it, Keyleth. So go ahead and take a swing. 16 just misses. It gets right out of your grasp. The flames just lick across the outside of its scales. As it pulls back, rears down right in your face, Godzilla-style, just unleashes a burst of electrical energy. It hits you and Keyleth. I need you guys to both make dexterity saving throws. 33 points of lightning damage to you, Grog. 66 to you. You can. What's the maximum health of Minxie's form? Okay. And how much damage goes over? 12. Okay, so you-- As Minxie all of a sudden gets blasted, you can see the form shrink down to Keyleth's crumpled form on the ground, hands still flaming, little bit of singe to the back of her hair, and stands back up. That'll end its turn. Vex, you're up. You can-- that would be more of an action to feed it to something else. Okay. A 14 does not hit, unfortunately. The first arrow just ricochets and shatters across the part of its body. Both arrows just explode across its hide. It's too thick. Right here, a little bit. If you pull fully in on this side from where it-- Okay. Don't forget your laser pointers, by the way, guys. It's good for letting me know exactly where you want to go. I know. Just so you know. And Trinket's going to stay there? All right. Trinket's gonna stay right there, guarding the giant gnome. Giant hand, small gnome. Grog, you're up. Go for it. 18. That hits. 21 hits. 19 hits. Roll damage. All righty. How do you want to do this? (all yell) It's hard to tell with this entity. It's moving so fast. You guys watch this continuous barrage, this horrible bludgeoning. Every impact almost quakes the inside of this valley. Rocks are beginning to tumble and fall around it. And you can see, as each horrible, sickening smack, its head just collapses more and more. The mush begins to spill out from under it, this giant pool of, like, dark violet liquid and gelatinous mush that was once the inside of its head, begin to just grow around it as Grog just keeps hitting and hitting and hitting and hitting and hitting and hitting-- And hitting and hitting-- Okay. If you guys want to take a short rest, you can. You saw it was up on a higher platform, you didn't see a cavern, or anything. Okay, looking through the book that you have. You eventually take a while to look while you guys are having your short rest. You can use your hit dice to heal yourself. It is known as a behir. B-E-H-I-R. Behir. There are two things. Anything in the face and teeth are gone. They are just mush. The entire head is destroyed. The the two things in the book that are worthwhile, like, really worth money, are some of its hide can be repurposed for, you know, like, lightning resist-based armor, but currently it's unknown who has the speciality to actually work with that material. These creatures are difficult to harvest and a lot of their locations are unknown. A lot of them were hunted down for that long ago and almost thought to have gone extinct. (all groan) Go ahead and roll for the hide first, if you guys want to go for that. Sure. This would be, add your-- For climb, this would be athletics. It takes you a little bit to get up there. It's steep, you slide down a few times. But eventually, because there's no immediate threat, you're given time to get up onto this upper platform. You can see that there are these various parts of the rock that jut outward, that have some short term passageways that this creature uses. (laughs) Roll a perception check. Once you're up there. You take time and with help from some other folks, you manage to harvest, I'd say about ten pounds worth of scales at most. It's not a whole lot. A lot of it has been torn and destroyed from the impact and damage you guys did. Parts of it are not really armory functional, but you manage to get enough to maybe make one set if somebody manages to work really well with it. 23? Currently, you have no eye shot on any particular-- -- tunnels. Nothing that resembles an abode or a cavern from this position. Athletics. Eh, it doesn't work like that. Go for it. The twins give a-- -- terrible display of rock climbing in the middle of this. Go ahead and roll for the glands. It takes most of your short rest. You will not be able to use your hit dice for healing on this, because you spend your time harvesting instead. But you manage to-- thankfully, the damage that Grog had inflicted upon its head destroyed most of its matter, right up to the throat gland which is mostly untouched. It's salvageable. You don't know how much it's worth. Probably a decent amount, as the book says that they're rare. Especially to find intact. You did a number on that one's face. You place it within a preservation jar. Back in the bag of holding? Okay. Go ahead and make your check. 18. It does cost you half the-- Oh right, just a single fail. It was a dual fail, but it was separate. You take some time with it during the short rest to tinker with it. You manage to bend the metal back in place. Test it for a bit. Make sure the aspects that move move smoothly as they should. Eventually, you get pretty confident that it is back to a functional piece of weaponry. All right, so, as you guys finish this rest-- Go for it. The sky is starting to get a little bit into the orangish color. Though you can not see the sun from its current location, you gather you have about an hour and a half or so before full sundown. Wait, you guys stayed the night-- never mind, in the cavern. So actually, no, I take that back. I just realized you guys stayed the night last time over on the seaside cavern and walked here-- -- and it only took you a few hours to get here. So, no, it'd be about mid-day noon. So, I take that back. Never mind. Can see the sun, it is straight above. There is some cloud cover coming in. From the north side, it doesn't look like anything too dense. It moves around, so it's hard to get to much of a visual of the-- You can go ahead and make a nature check. With advantage. Okay. Make a stealth check. Make a stealth check. The mountains here got its name for the white stone mountains. The rock-- Yeah. The mountain range here is a large part of the material that is mined, well, was mined beneath the-- It's very rare white quartz-like rock that is used for many purposes. And it's generally only found in this mountain range. It's what a lot of the Whitestone's original economy was based on. 22, good to know. All right, so. Okay. I mean, you gather the same thing. The rock formations here match the same as the coastal mountains. The mountain here is all made of the same material, few deposits here and there of just normal bits of granite and other forms of simple stone. As you guys are pressing forward, at this point, you guys are taking your time waiting and Tiberius is getting impatient, and is crossing his arms. "I feel like I should have gotten more "materials. I don't think I'm quite prepared enough for this." "Not enough. Never enough". "I have an idea. I'll be back in a few days." He sits down and starts making his teleportation circle. (laughs) Tiberius leans in and whispers to you in a strange tongue and it sparks in your ear somewhere. (whispers) "The player's not here and the DM's trying to not make it too complicated for "him to keep track of an additional character for this session." (all laugh) I'll remember that. "Don't worry, I'll be back soon and now I know how to find you." He finishes his teleportation circle and with a whoosh, with a flash, vanishes. Progressing forward-- -- you begin to-- It's good to help out in the-- You take a moment and anticipate the circumstance, and there is, within-- what's the distance on it? Six miles? You ascertain that there are quite a few sources of life in this vicinity, of some sort of dragon kin or dragon-like entity. No. Technically not, from what you can gather, but you do gather there are a few blips that are three miles off north, at the center of the mountain range. You don't know how big or how dangerous, but you sense there are some dragon or dragon kin sources. Attunement, you take a short rest with the weapon, learning its properties. Essentially. Stroking it, making sure it feels comfortable. Nice spread so it feels welcome. You guys are heading eastish. You guys came up on the eastern side-- sorry, the western side of the mountains. You're now heading eastward. Whitestone would be to the east of you guys. That would have brought you through the forest, and you were trying to avoid that. That's what I thought you said last time. There's a giant peninsula to the north. Either side would have been coast. You're aware that they're not anywhere close to you to currently be an issue, no. All right, so. You guys press on, following this winding path that narrows at certain points and then widens for a bit. You come across, partway through, the twins at the front notice, around the edges as it begins to descend down into the beginning of the valley descent, you see an edge of the mountain that looks more angular than the usual natural formations of it. It almost looks like it comes to a point, like a very sharp edge, and a smooth side. It begins to descend towards the valley, and on the side of one of the giant-- Chasm you guys are at the bottom of. You see an outcropping ahead that's angular and pointed. Like it was sculpted, constructed. You-- I'd say, make an intelligence check. Roll and add your intelligence modifier. You can make a history check. You know many things that exist here in the mountains, but at this distance, you don't see enough of it to actually-- For? Actually, this works out interestingly. As you guys are walking forward and you're seeing this, and you're keeping back, Grog, you instinctively look over and go, oh. That's a stone giant fortress. With your bloodline and knowing where you come from, and you've had a few close encounters in the Cliffkeep Mountains with a few of this kind, you've seen a few fortresses, and from the details of it, the way of the roof, and the scope of its design, and the way the mountain range lends itself to that type of topography, yeah. This is obviously a stone giant fortress. Or you can move around the side, you're welcome to. If he was to cast Invisibility on you-- You could-- You would move very slow and you would have disadvantage on your stealth checks because you guys don't have a way to move quietly. There have been birds that fly through, an occasional harpy, in the distance you hear screeching and you guys keep quiet until it vanishes and disappears. (screech in the background music) I am lucky. What were some seafaring like seagulls and various coastal birds have slowly been disappearing and turning into more eagles and hawks, things that eat small rodents, more of a lush side of the hill. You see as you get closer to the valley itself that the actual forest that surrounds Whitestone is more and more of these birds of prey are beginning to show up. Other than that, you see very few small things other than occasional lizards about that big in your hand that live on hot rocks. It's still a ways away right now, you're just catching the edge of it. I'd say you're about a good 600, 700 feet from it. You guys actually used it previously to camp for a night along a cliffside. And made the cliff extend further than it was. Certainly. As you guys make your way up the other side, you're helping each other, I want everyone to go ahead and make an athletics check. Okay, giving you advantage on your athletics check. That would help you, yes. All right. So. You have advantage, you add your strength modifier. Or your athletics is what it would be. You get advantage because of the climbing gear. 26. No, those who have it. Because it is mountain? All right, I'll let you do that. 19. 26. Vex, what did you get? Okay. A couple of missteps and almost sliding, Keyleth, at one point, you grasp her by the hand and Grog pulls her back up onto the platform. Over time, you guys make your way along this very rocky and precarious, anywhere from five to three to two feet in width, sometimes even lesser than that and you guys are having to shimmy across. You make your way around and you can see this large fortress that is built out of extremely large and in-place stones and stonework. It looks ancient. For size-wise, it's two stories for a giant, which means it's probably close to six or seven stories of height. Built into the side of a mountain, and it goes down almost like two giant steps. It's built on essentially where the giant bowl, the caldera if you will, of where this valley of this mountain range would be. It's built on the inside of it, so it's actually constructed, as you continue to descend into the valley. Looking at it, you can see openings, windows, there are areas up top where you see giant piles of rocks and boulders that are used for anti-siege, for throwing off the top, stockpiles of that. You do see boulders around the ground that may have been thrown and not picked up. Everyone make a perception check. Hm? Trinket-- Roll an athletics check with disadvantage. Rangers. Roll your dice. Yes. Nope. He gets disadvantage because he's a big bear. Which is appreciated. Okay. It's been difficult, and it slowed your guys' progression, but you've managed to keep Trinket along with you; this large bear is now like pushing against the side. He's managed to keep up, but it's been a harrowing experience. Yeah. So, once again, perception rolls. This is active actually looking for something; the passive is more-- All right. You got 26, you said? Looking from this distance, and keeping the best visual you can see, there is no movement, at all, from the interior of the fortress. The two front doors, you see these two large stone doors that are the entrance to it. One of the doors is actually broken in half and left partially ajar and open. So, at about the two in the afternoon day sun, 'cause that's what it is. But you're fine. You become a bat-- I know. She makes her way, down through; you swoop up to one of the windows and you glance inside and look around. You can see most of the furniture inside is in tatters. There are large, giant-sized tables and chairs that have been broken in half and strewn across the room. Make a perception check. 28. Glancing inside you also see there are-- -- splatters and puddles of blood. Large bits of blood across the ground that is dried, but from your current vision from this, there is no sign of any living or individuals or bodies. There was a battle that took place here, but there is nothing present to signify who or what. This room is about 25 feet tall It does look like it goes deeper, there is a slight-- this is the upper floor, there is a grade, almost like a slow-- the word escapes me for a second. Yes. A ramp! Thank you. So yeah, you do see the ramp, that's downward. Okay. Make your way down to the threshold of the ramp, looking down. Downstairs as well, it looks like there are some fur rugs set aside that have been kicked aside and bunched up on the edge of the room. Like some sort of a major fight went down. No sign of any bodies or body parts. No sign of leftover weapons or armor from whatever giants lived in here. You just see large amounts of dried blood across the stone floors. Or the giants slaughtered something horribly here and are currently out and about, you don't know. But-- Did you want to land and make an investigation check? Quite a bit; a little puff. Not a huge amount, but enough where it's not fresh, and a closer look, the blood's been dry for a while. Make an investigation check. 12. You can't really make it out, unfortunately. You know it's dried, it's been a little bit, but you can't quite gauge how long it's been. There's the upper floor, the lower floor. They're two large rooms on their own. It looks like-- You haven't actually gone down the grade yet, so. Seven stories for your size, it's two stories for a giant size. It's a large top room, and a large bottom room. There are just two rooms top floor, bottom floor. You're currently on the top floor, looking down. Okay. All right, the rest of you make you way back down towards the front of the fortress and enter the inside. As you go through the front door, you see that the impact that destroyed it was from the inside out. So it's not like it was beaten in, it was beaten from the inside out. And there is a streak of dried blood against that portion of the door. Looking inside too, you see there are a large cluster of matted hides and furs, like it made for bedding for close to four or five giants put in the corner, and there is a musty smell of whatever they were using to make it comfortable and ripe for their own personal needs. 17, okay. So what do you guys want to do in here? You are downstairs at the entrance All right, make a perception check. Actually, it'd be more of an investigation check. Okay. You find a giant's fortress. For this? Perception is just seeing things at first glance. Investigation is going through and rummaging through to find things. Okay. Yeah, go for it. Okay. As you guys are going through, looking at the blood and the way the splashes are, the blood that was spilled here was very thick, and large amounts of it, and it's probably been anywhere from two to three months since this entire fortress was ransacked. Over time you find a number of shattered glass vials that look like they once contained various elixirs, there is one that is unshattered. All right. And underneath all, covered in quite a bit of filth, but a little bit of metallic sheen streaks through, you see what looks to be a very, very well-crafted longbow. Taking it, it appears to have some sort of magical radiance to it. It looks like it's very well crafted. You recognize the construction is elvish in nature. And there are bits of mithril scrolling all throughout the bow itself, with platinum caps on the edge of the longbow. Natural 20? Yes, this is definitively a magical item, it is enchanted. If you want to take a short time to work with it and attune yourself to it, you could get a better idea of what its effect is. All right. Investigation check for that. Here are the potion and the bow you guys managed to-- (laughs) Give that to Scanlan. A six. It's hard to tell. It's a very strange scene, and you have no inclination as to what may have transpired here. Who is the winner, who is the loser, and what has been done with the bodies. Over time the only thing you catch is occasionally you see flocks of birds moving through and swooping through the area. You watch one flock come up and begin circling a little bit. And then make its way down toward the valley. This is for Grog who is outside, roll a stealth check. Yes you did. Which means you have knowledge of mountains. Let me double-check on this, actually, what the specifics of the goliath's-- You don't take issues with cold climates, because you're at high elevation. You don't actually get advantage on anything mountain-wise; that is a ranger ability. It's been a while, how long does that last? Yeah, that would've faded by now. Oh, well, if it's a natural one it wouldn't have mattered. So while you sneak off to the side, you see these birds. There's a lot of birds there! You start yelling out to everyone, there's a lot of birds out here! Shouting it loudly back into the fortress. The birds immediately start circling the fortress very close. You can hear the screeching. You can see the birds now, they're crows. A very, very thick murder of crows, probably close to a hundred of them, cawing. Mm-hm. You hear an echoing sound, yeahhhh! Formless, sourceless. You all stand there confused for a moment, then continue to try and stealth. Back inside. Eventually the crows take back to their original path. Yep. What are you doing? As Keyleth concentrates for a second, you see her eyes, the actual color of her irises, begin to fade to this cloudy white and then the entire eye itself becomes this icy blue. A slight cold mist beginning to drift off the corners of her face. You start hearing this pounding sound on the top of the fortress as sleet and hail begins to rain down. Go ahead and roll damage for the spell. Sleet Storm? Oh, it's just a dexterity saving throw. It says heavily obscured, but doesn't actually do any damage. Sleet Storm knocks things prone, makes the area hard to see. Douses flames. And a few do. There are a few birds that get pelted and knocked to the ground, encased in sleet, but most of it immediately takes note to get away from the storm and vanish and disappear back to-- I'll say one does. Grog, you run out there and grab the one on the ground, it's struggling, and (squawks), there's ice gathered everywhere. You grab it and you pick it up, you hear Vex go "Grog!" and you go (chomp) as she's staring at you. Silencing the crow. You hear the cawing of the crows dissipate in the distance and silence eventually takes the fortress once again, and you're left amongst the smell of death. You make your way out of the fortress and begin to follow the path down into the outside of the forest and just as you make towards the base of the mountains where the forest canopy begins to take your vision, you can see just over the edge, a couple of small castle towers and what looks to be a single central spire of the castle of Whitestone. And with that, we're going to go ahead and take a break. All right, guys, we'll be back here in about 20-25 minutes. Let us begin where we left off. Yes, you know this area very well. This entire forested area, the Parchwood Forest that encompases the entirety of this valley, toward the center of it, center north, is where Whitestone sits and for your reference as well, since you've been here before, you would know the city relatively well. Hold that over by your seat there for people to take a look at. That is a basic rundown of the size, design and shape of Whitestone, with Castle Whitestone toward the top, built on top of a leveled off mountain that marks the southernmost point. You guys are actually coming in from what would be the northwestern side of the city A little bit further down. About that angle there. That's the direction you're coming in from. I don't have any free time anymore. (all laugh) Oh yeah, totally. Do you ask this of Percy? That graveyard does not-- -- it is a surface graveyard. There is a mausoleum-- -- but that-- -- is actually contained beneath the castle. There is one, one that you took to escape. He has an aneurysm. Yeah, it is to the very western edge of the mountain precipice the castle was built on. It was built to be specifically an escape in case the place was under siege. Unfortunately, the circumstances that the evening happened so rapidly, and with creatures that seemingly were unnatural, the family didn't have time to make it out. And even you weren't fully aware of it. Cassandra, however, had overheard discussions about the passage and took that as your escape route. It's a hidden tunnel at the very base of the mountain. You guys have been travelling through the forest, and it is a very dense forest, but it is mostly cold-weather trees, pines. And there is, you can see once you get inside the forest, the ground itself is very thick and there are elements of melting snow on the top of the trees, there was recently a snowfall in this area but it seems like it's been a while and most of it has turned to slush and water. You have about two hours of travel into the forest, and you all immediately catch the sound of distant howling. No. Yeah, make a nature check. If you want to make a stealth check 26. Those are wolves. It sounds like a pack of wolves, probably close to anywhere from five or six. You gather that it is strange that they're out. Though it is getting later in the day, you are pushing four or five in the afternoon, the sun is starting to get closer to the horizon. It is strange that they're out this early, you're not sure what the reasoning would be for that. Okay. About two more hours of travel. About an hour. All right. Now, Invisibility how long does it last at full duration? Well, flying takes an hour. So, it's one of those things you could do once you approach it. It'll last you awhile, as opposed to doing it now. So somewhere around six hours, five hours. Everyone who's in a tree, please roll a stealth check. Roll an athletics check. Well, she did not cast it. Okay. We'll say you guys all manage to slowly get yourself up into the tree the best you can, as you guys take off. While you guys are away, making your way towards Whitestone, the rest of you look down, and just from a passive perception standpoint, you pick up the most detail you can see there is indeed a pack of about five wolves and/or dogs a little ways away, but they're being followed by one humanoid. They're being guided, there is a pack out here for some reason, whether it be a hunting party or whatever other reasons there may be. It isn't a wild pack. You'd have to roll again. Because she's casting Pass, or you won't get the benefit. Go ahead and just add ten to the previous roll. (all cheer) So, about five breathless moments pass as the dogs, wolves all get relatively close. One of them comes up and returns back to the pack. You don't get a good view of the individual that is currently guiding the pack, and you see them disappear between the thick trees in the distance. Make an active perception check for you, Vex, if you don't mind. Is forest? No, you're in forest, now. You're sure that's a favored terrain? Then go ahead and roll again. So your total is? 18, okay. It's hard to make out the details at this distance. You check out, it does appear to be a female form. Best you can tell, you can't tell specific race or details. Then, another minute passes before the barking and the howls fade and the hunting party seems to have been eluded. No. Do you want to make an active perception check? Normally, if they'd passed by now-- A natural 20?! You see the female form, it's not someone you particularly recognize. But the woman does appear to be older, probably in her late 40s, early 50s. She has some hunting gear over her shoulder. She has a short bow that's strapped over her, she has a quiver of arrows. She looks like she's hunting for food. Give her ten years. No, you don't have an immediate lead of visual recognition. In the meantime, you guys make your way. Swooping down, you can see that cluster, that murder of crows circling out. It's making a large pass over this entire valley. You take this cue as you get to within visual range of the city to cast Invisibility on both of you. Is that a 3rd-level spell? Okay. Both of you vanish from view, which is a strange feeling for you because you cannot see Keyleth, you're grasping onto something you can't see. And you just look like you're gliding through the air. Yeah, you grab on very tightly. -- without choking. The eagle does not have-- -- human physiology. You get two fistfuls of feathers. And you really don't want an eagle to buck you angrily at this height. I don't think you have Featherfall so that wouldn't go well. Looking over Whitestone, you can see outside of the city there are some areas where the trees are carved out, and there is farmland set up specifically to grow food and to till to maintain sustenance for the people that live there. You can see that there's a small area that's also being cut for timber. Not a perpetual thing, but the wood here is, you've heard previously, one of the major exports here is very high-quality timber from this type of tree that is used for very exquisite woodcraft and furniture. So that's one of the major exports of Whitestone as well as the quartz from the mines itself. There are people in the city, but sparse. Make a perception check. You may. (singsong) You may. Yes, you do. Total of 14? 24. Okay. As you get close enough to start scanning over details, you can see that a lot of the buildings appear to be closed or empty. There are people working in the fields. As you make your way to the center of the town, there is a town square. There is a tree there, a very large, old tree that is twisted, with all these various gnarled branches that reach out. You recall Desmond mentioning something called the Sun Tree that is the centerpiece of this area. And you get a view enough of the tree to see that there are eight humanoid bodies of varying ages swinging from it. You also notice that, patrolling through the city at very slow paces, there are a few larger than normal humanoids. You see what appear to be approximately six giants patrolling through the town, but you can see some of them are like wrecked and broken. One of them is missing an arm and is dragging a foot behind it. Apparently, whenever one of them is moving through, most of the denizens of the town keep a very wide berth, and generally avoid them entirely and go about their business, at a distance. Like over all of the entire city. They're pretty well scattered about. After you do a full pass over the city, those are most of the details you can make out at this height. Anything further, any specifics, you want to go for before heading back? Farmlands look likely to be the largest cluster of people. You can see, since it's getting to the end of the day, there are folks finishing up gathering the crops that were available to them or sort of planting as they go through. And you can see there's about five or six people that are all in one group. Most everyone else seems to be relatively solitary and trying to go about their business as fast as possible. The town square? Nobody is in the town square. People are avoiding it like the plague. There's eight bodies hanging from the tree, and nobody wants to be there. There actually are no trees by the farm, all the trees have been cleared out to make the farmland. So there's actually a bit of the forest that's been cleared for that purpose. Yeah. You can go to a tree that's nearby, but that's like 300 feet away. There is a wall. There is a wall on the outskirts of Whitestone. Okay. You swoop down and you perch on the edge of the wall there. It's about 25 feet up. And you can't talk right now, you're an eagle. Okay. Okay. You make your way down the 25-foot wall she's perched on. Go ahead and make an athletics check to climb. Yes. 17. The stonework here is old and you manage to not lose your footing entirely as you bring your way down. Thankfully, you're light enough, and the stones are not too large, so you can get some good handholds. You do, over the next 12 minutes or so, make your way to the base of the wall. Yep. A lot of moments of (gasps) 'whoa, okay'. But, you catch yourself. I mean, you can just jump if you wanted to make it less. But, the duration of your invisibility-- you have about 20 more minutes before it dissipates. You look over the edge, and you can see that they have carts up and that they have what vegetables they have, and a lot of vegetables, even at a close look, a lot of them look withered. It looks like there is a general sense of frustration that the land itself is not producing quality crops. And even the people look unhealthy and gaunt by nature. Whether it be the cold winter recently or just their general spirit is broken, but there is a feeling about these people that life here is not what it used to be. There isn't a whole lot of conversation, there's mutterings here and there. "We have to make sure we get these back in time. Fill the cart, we have two carts we have "to get in." And the other one's, "I know, I know, I'm trying," And they're putting it over there and there's a little bit of frustration among them. One of them ends up counting the last bit of crop. "That's it, that's all we have. That is the "entire pull for the day." And the older gentleman, who is overseeing it, grinds his hands and goes, "Sir Kerrion is going to have my hide." "At the very least, let's gather it together and hopefully Pelor will protect us." And the people take the carts and begin making their way towards the outer gate on the southeast side of Whitestone, where you guys are currently at. All right. Make an athletics check. Okay. 15 minutes. After five minutes of eavesdropping you realize that you are not going to make it up that wall, and you feel the magic of your Invisibility illusion about to fade. At this point, by the way, the sun has just hit the edge of the mountains, the sky itself is a vibrant, reddish orange slowly turning to purple and sunset is upon you. He's invisible, no. Okay. As you pass to the side, the illusion fades, you step into a small opening of dark, purplish energy and then reemerge on the top of the wall-- MATT and --and hop back on the back of her. Okay. Okay. You guys vanish, and Keyleth, you take off back in the direction you guys traveled from. In the meantime, guys, what do you want to have been doing? Are you just waiting, are you traveling further in, are you staying where you are? With the--? Okay. Once per day, she fires an arrow and the arrow splits into three, and each one bursts into thunder damage, bursts of them. Thunder damage. It should say on there. Oh, then it would be lightning damage. So yeah, it's pretty fun. What's that from? So, the night falls and the crickets begin to emerge, the slow mist begins to form. Okay. So you take the partially rusted over, but functional, metallic skull cap that Clarota was wearing when you guys met in the Underdark, that Clarota no longer needs. You place it on your head and it's a little loose. As you place it on, it rattles for a moment, and then it form-fits to your skull. Your hair being pinched beneath it and just emerging from underneath, almost Loki-helmet-style. There's a weird buzzing vibrational feel as its magic attunes to you over the next hour or so as you're waiting, but you get the sensation that it will offer some decent protection from impeding charm effects. A Loki mullet. You start to get really nervous about the arrival of your friends, until eventually you hear the flapping of wings. You look up and you can see, since it has taken an hour to get there, the illusion just fades, both a giant eagle and Scanlan appear in the moonlight, right above the canopy of the forest you guys are close to, and return to the place you were. Takes about an hour or so, but you manage to pull from the surroundings these really nice, thick spider silk hammocks, that should be able to support your respective weights. Grog is the only one that might be questionable with the sheer amount of weight that is his form. Desmond. I mean, you can go with-- There are maybe many reasons it's called the Sun Tree. You do know, and this ties into your story as well, because the guidance in forging the city of Whitestone, that tree was representative to them as a guardian of Pelor, the god of the sun. The protector of light, holiness-- Sure. In your experience with the roving band of barbarians, you guys enjoyed very much peeing on very colorful trees, of all sorts of plant life. All of them, generally, didn't seem to, over time, react well to the process, whether it be the fact that you all drank a lot of the time, so the content of your urine was probably not very hospitable. That's a whole different kind of festival. The lemon party is held on the far, far southern continent of Tubgirl, the region of Goatse. No, the invisibility faded when he attacked the guard. Yeah, they probably would've gotten to Whitestone around seven o'clock, and leaving right as the sun had fully set. Go ahead and roll a religion check. A religion check. A witch. 16? Okay. Pelor is the god of the sun and agriculture. It's a good deity and is generally worshipped by farmers and simple folk and people that live off the land, and generally it's the most nature-based deity of the main spectrum, outside of Melora, which is the deity of nature. You know of Pelor, yeah. There are elements of Pelor's following that bleeds into your druidic nature, though you don't necessarily follow a deity. You believe that the essence of nature in itself is your patron. You are not a religious man by nature, and you know that there is a strong following of Pelor in the town. The entire graveyard that you talked about earlier, that one is largely built around the imagery of Pelor. And of all the gods that are worshipped here, Pelor's probably 75% of the population of Whitestone where, in some shape or form, if not devout worshippers, at least were like, yeah, Pelor's cool. What is it? Yeah, that's totally doable. Go ahead and roll a tinkering check, just for the sake of a possible epic failure. While the rest of you end up taking your evening's rest, Grog, you immediately snap your hammock and fall 15 feet to the ground. But you manage to make your way up there and just bear hug the tree trunk for rest. You're used to sleeping in uncomfortable situations. Over time, or at once? You manage to complete three pieces of parchment, roughly page-sized, with your black powder treatment, successfully. The mist rolls in and gets thicker and thicker, to the point where you cannot see the floor of the forest. The little bit of moonlight that manages to make its way through the boughs of the trees trickles through and then vanishes into these slowly-shifting bits of fog. Your breath, every time you exhale, is visible, as the cold night air begins to take. You find yourselves instinctively shivering, as you cannot grow close to each other for heat, nor build a fire. The night, while uncomfortable, you do manage to get an evening's bit of mostly uncomfortable rest, but rest nonetheless. Eventually coming to as the morning sun comes up and heats it up, the fog begins to fade away and burn away. You're at about an hour past sunrise as you all unrestfully come to consciousness as the temperature shift hits. You manage to relieve yourselves of your spider silk-based hammocks and/or tree grasping. Both you and Trinket have found this way of clutching onto the tree. Trinket's used to the wild. It's about seven, 730 in the morning. Certainly. You take a moment and concentrate on the kitchen. At this point in time, you can see early morning. Laina is currently in there, yawning, and is cleaning about and starting to make a small breakfast for all the guards. You can hear in the distance, some conversation in the distant room. It appears to be a couple of your various employed mercenaries having a conversation as she's making breakfast. They seem fine. Okay. Concentrating on Pike-- about two minutes of hard concentration. There's no connection. You gather, due to the relatively fresh and unstable nature of this potion you had concocted, you can only have one source connection up at a time, so when you left it in your keep, it seems that the one you had at the temple of Sarenrae was alleviated of its magical presence. What was once a magical scry poo is literally just Scan-scat at the temple. Sure enough. With a high enough persuasion roll. You don't know. Ask Pike when you see her again. (laughs) So, you make your way down into the forest. About another hour and a half of travel before you start getting to where the trees begin to clear up a little bit, and you can see the base of the cleared-off mountain that Whitestone Castle is built upon, and the pathway that descends into the outer wall of the city of Whitestone. It's maybe a quarter mile. Space-relation-wise, you guys are just getting to this side of the forest right there. Right there, and this is the mountain. Yeah. You'd be able to disguise yourself. The disguise kit? A lot of the houses have basements. There are varying degrees of it. There are larger homesteads that were reserved for the actual nobles that ran the day-to-day life of Whitestone when your family was in power. As you heard from Desmond, probably the places where the new nobles live. Those are the ones that have the gates surrounding them the larger homesteads scattered throughout the town. It's far too obvious. There are many small abodes and even some farm-based hovels. The poor end of town is the farming side, which is the southwest, which is the closest area to where you guys made your stop earlier. The shopping district is the center of town around the town square. Yeah. Right there. You guys are awake. After this discussion, I'd say it's about 800 in the morning. 830. Actually, your travel to the city and you're on the outskirts of it now. It would be closer to 930. Okay. Stealth? Oh. (laughs) Your beard is pretty much at the fullest it'll ever be. You gather you can probably get a little more thickness to it, but your beard is at maximum, Grog. The fact that you even have a goliath with a beard is a feat of magic in its own right. So you guys are traveling as a group. I need stealth checks from everybody. Did you roll a natural 20, as well? Both of you guys rolled natural 20s in stealth? There you go. You guys are all going together. You dirty yourselves up a bit. You're still a large goliath. You're still a few half-elves, a gnome. Outside of illusion magic, you're still going to stick out like a sore thumb. This is a legit use of Seeming, too. Okay. Trinket, as well? Of similar size. I believe, as far as Seeming is concerned-- If not, then I'll allow it for the purposes of this. Yep! Each creature can seem a foot shorter or taller, or appear thin, fat, or in between. You can't change their body type. So, Trinket will still be a four-legged creature, but you can make him look like a different four-legged creature. All right, so Trinket takes on the form of a donkey. The rest of you are a smattering of various humanoids, you-- Okay, so you guys look like pretty rough peasants, dirty faces. You know, hair a little razzled. It looks like you've been living the harsh life on the outskirts of the slums of Whitestone for quite some time-- -- with a donkey. So. You guys, utilizing your stealth checks and the Seeming, you make your way up to the-- which side of Whitestone are you coming in from? Percy? Okay, so you come into this entrance here. You make your way into the center of town, blending in best you can. There are a few folks who see you enter, just give you a strange look. You all are unfamiliar to the denizens of Whitestone-- -- but you don't look like a threat, per se. So you are noticed, and some people seem to just stop and watch you pass, but no one seems to make any active mention, note, or change in behavior towards it. (laughs) Make a deception roll. I'll give you advantage on it because the Seeming does give you the visual perspective of being close to their type. Okay. That's two Luck rolls, by the way, that you've spent. The woman you approach who's probably in her early 30s, pale blonde hair, looks like she actually might be losing it in some places, gives you a look and goes, "You poor people shouldn't be here." "You'll find it, but you're not going anywhere else. Welcome to Whitestone." She turns around and walks back, joining arms with apparently a man that she's paired with, and the two of them just walk away, a bit dumbfounded that people walked into Whitestone. As this happens, you glance over your shoulder and you see coming from the northern edge from this side wall-- (sounds of booming footsteps) A very tall, noticeably undead giant with its jaw broken off and hanging from the hinge, dried, caked blood across its chest, it's just dragging this large club behind it. You right now, you're in a T. To the right and left are roads that go along the inside of the wall that surrounds Whitestone, to the front of you is the path that leads further into the city. Cemetery's over here. All right. So you guys make your way through-- What you've noticed has changed is, one largely, the population is far more sparse than you recall. What was once a bustling city, you're now seeing about half as many people as you would would see this time of day. Going through, everyone seems to be in relatively poor health. There are a few buildings that look long-term abandoned, immediately in this area here, in the outskirts, catches your guys' eye. You do notice that the corner lamps that you had set up at the different corners of the streets appear to be shattered. There would be like, you know, glass oil lanterns that at night someone would go around and light them after the sunset. The posts that hold them now are all either broken, or the glass itself has been shattered. There are plenty of buildings that look dark and mostly untouched in this section here, as you begin to move closer and closer inward. Okay. You guys move this way, as you push towards the center of this here. You-- You move past the center here and to the left of you, you can see the town square and there it is, the Sun Tree. Very, very large, you imagine beautiful tree at one time, full height was probably about 40 feet tall. The branches twist out, and almost look like they're hanging loosely, the ends, everything looks droopy and desolate; there's not a leaf on it. Make a nature check. Okay. It's hard to tell from this distance, there are a number of types of trees it could be. It's not indigenous to this land. The fact that it grew here means that either it was transplanted, or it was some sort of-- -- magical creation for its presence. And you do see the silhouette of the eight figures slowly swaying from beneath the branches. Did you guys want keep moving down this path, to go through the square, closer to the tree, do you want to go southward? Okay, so you're going this way. You guys turn left, and you make your way towards the town square. And as you enter the square, looking around, you can see there are what would have been carts and small booths set up for selling of meats and other goods, what was a small, you know, barter-and-sale based hub of this town-- nowhere near on the scale of Emon's bazaar, but you know, enough to support this town-- desolate. All look to be closed down and untouched for quite some time. As you get a closer look to the-- actually I'm gonna have you guys all roll perception checks. You're not getting too close to the tree. As you guys are keeping on the outskirts of the square, it's hard to make out the details, and the weathering has muddled the figures that are hanging there. Percy and Vax, you guys notice the figure on the far left-- The body on the far left has red paint smattered across its face and its arms. It's wearing a dirtied, green, vest-like robe that dangles below it as it hangs there, loosely. Immediately to the left of it you see what looks to be the body of a child. The child is dressed up in a purplish, billowing shirt, very fine silk shirt and pantaloons, and is dangling there next to it. To the left of that you see what appears to be a female, adorned in greens and browns, looks like red paint has been driven through the hair, and dangles to the left of that figure. Next to that, you see what appears to be-- -- you see what appears to be another woman, dressed in dark blacks and browns, leathers, some furs across the top, dark hair, dangling. To the left of that you see another man dressed similarly, dark greys and blacks, long dark hair, dangling. To the left of that you see a rather large man, older, rotund, probably in his forties, clothing padded but mostly open chest, hair completely shaven bald, it looks like there are dark scars placed across the face, hanging. To the left of that you see, this figure is actually not humanoid, you see what appears to have been-- -- a recently hunted bear, who is dangling. Do you want to get closer and look? From what you can see now, nothing but just rocks and stones and piles of loose cloth rotting below it. Approaching, it looks like each one of these bodies has been dressed up. It looks like the color in the redhead's hair has been smeared through with paint. It looks like the person who has been painted red has been slapdash. You gather with a moment of looking at it that these were not individuals that were caught this way. This was set up as a message. You guys continue past, down this pathway. There's other buildings you see in the vicinity that, you know, look abandoned or for the most part unoccupied. I'd say about one in every three buildings looks like it's in disuse. You guys came-- made this path-- you can see a little bit, you can see is a-- -- iron fence, it used to belong to one of the noble families of Whitestone. Each one of these large buildings here, these three, and you remember this, were the three families that ran the town. Eight bodies. No. There was a bear. Think of an eight-year-old child. Make an investigation check. Sure. It would be advantage on that check for you. 21? You gather these bodies have probably been here for the better part of a week, week and a half? There is some mild decomposition starting to settle in, there is a bit of bloating to some of them. Couldn't have been much longer than that. That would probably be somewhere in this vicinity here, as the three main houses are right there. (laughs) I'd say make an investigation check. Yeah. I'll say, I'll say it takes the better part of the next hour or so, and you do a little bit of meandering to find it, you guys are being stealthy best you can through alleys and such, but even so you are out in the open, midday, but you are also, you know, under Seeming. No. No, the tree is out in the center, and essentially the nearest building is probably anywhere from 100, 200 feet away from it. It's the tree out in the middle of the square, and the square, which used to have probably more things towards the center, more temporary establishments, have all been put to the sides and put to disuse. You do manage to see what appear to be what was once a tavern or an inn of some kind that is silent, closed, the doors locked and chained. The windows look dusty. Okay. You go around the side of it, to the alley. Okay. The window is locked. Continuing your guys' stealth as your going, this would be your attempting to unlock the window. 22, okay. It takes a bit to jostle it in a way, because the lock is on the inside, but there are ways that you could shimmy the glass and get something underneath to push it aside. You manage to get the window open, and as you pull it up the dust billows up around you, you set it aside. You step in and the place smells stale, musty. Dark. There are, you can see, candlesticks set around that have not been lit for a while, and the oil lanterns that normally light the interior of the main tavern social area have been long in disuse. If you guys want to look around. Are you all going in? You as well? Or are you talking to the tree? You find your way inside the abandoned tavern. And it is what was this giant L-shaped building, right here in the corner of the town square. There is a second floor, approximately runs 20 rooms. They are all currently unlocked, some of them left open, the bedding covered in dust, some of it looks like it was left in a hurry. There is a cellar. You find the cellar, and down there, there are a number of empty barrels, and a couple of ones that are still full. One that appears to be a heavy whiskey barrel, probably about twenty untouched wine bottles. A little bit of ale, but it looks like a lot of ale was either completely used, or taken with whoever left and abandoned the premises. Going from a number of the rooms up top, not every room has a window, but it's like every third room on that side of the building does have a view of the entire square. I'd say probably about 200 feet? 250 feet? If you cast a spell while invisible, unless it's Greater Invisibility, then it will drop the illusion. There are some windows in the tavern; there was one on the second floor. You're going to start carving a tunnel-- Okay. Easy enough to find old rags; all of them have that stale, musty towel scent to them. You get them a little wet. There's no water here; all the water here has dried out. You'll have to use the wine; it'll probably kill some of the bacteria. There are wells throughout the towns you see, ground wells that are set in the city. There is no nearby river. The closest river, the one you know about, is about a 30 minute walk south. Yeah. You use that to coax them out a bit. It's easy enough for you to go around and put cloth over the windows. It's a dark interior, so it's not like an immediate-- Interesting. Okay. Right, it's more getting the parchment there without it tearing or the arrow leaving it behind, because it is a thin, flimsy piece. Coiled and then-- That's going to be a really intricate-- go ahead and roll a tinkerer's check. Okay. You toy with it for a while; you think you have something that may work. You're uncertain as to on its release if it'll function or not. So, write down 'Parchment Delivery Arrow' with a question mark next to it. All right. You continue to burrow through the ground, moving the earth aside and the tunnel opens before you like the clay slowly melting away. And it is wet earth. Eventually, you start getting to a few thick roots under the tree. The roots that you see, they continue past the tunnel. They go very, very deep into the ground. You finish the spell and you reach out and you touch the root and you instill the force of your nature-based divine energies into the root. Silence. This tree is dead. Right now, with all the traveling you guys have done, I'd say it's past noon, probably. Including the time you've spent inside the tavern, searching it through and preparing it as your base of operations. Certainly. So, you've made the purchase within Emon for how many of the requisite chalice for the Heroes' Feast? It's a gem-encrusted bowl worth 1000 gold pieces, which the spell consumes. So, we'll say how many of those did you purchase in Emon, knowing you'd be casting this in the future? For the whole feast. Mark 3000 gold from the group's queue. And you have three gem bowls, using one now. So you have two bowls left at your disposal. And you prepare a Heroes' Feast for the group to consume. It lasts for 24 hours. So, until about-- -- 2PM tomorrow. So mark that down, somebody note that it lasts until 2PM. 2d10? Trinket can also benefit from this, by the way, too. Yep. You are immune to poison, and diseases, and being frightened, and all wisdom saving throws are made with advantage. Feast is awesome. And disease and frightened. So, feast consumed, you now take your next eight hours-- --to work on this. As she sits down to begin the ritual of cleansing, or bringing plant vitality enhancement to the vicinity of Whitestone. We're going to go ahead and end today's session there. Pick up at the end of that spell at the beginning of next week. This is getting real interesting. What? You guys got to town around nine, 930. Walking around, seeing things, finding the tavern. And then getting in there and cleaning it out. I'd say you're getting close to one, two o'clock now. You've also taken it slow, you're also being stealthy and not trying to be conspicuous as you move through. Of course. It fit right into my-- All right, guys. So we'll pick up from there next week, right in the center of the-- It's a friendly place, Whitestone. All righty. Well, I guess we have the announcements. Yeah, you guys are awesome. Yeah, it's the internet. Trolls happen. But yeah, guys, thank you for being respectful. All right, so we have Maxine Palaquin donated leet, $13.37. That's fantastic, thank you so much, Maxine. Matthew Robinson donated $25, Matthew, brilliance. Elizabeth Lee's donated $100. Thank you so much, Elizabeth, that's incredible. Arthur Still donated $50, thank you so much, Arthur, well-played. Two anonymous people donated $15 and $25. Thank you guys. You're awesome, whoever you are. Sam Falco donated $25. Sam, you're rad. Kristen Wilhelmy donated $20. Way to go, Kristen. John Reed donated $15 and Sarah Hannah donated $100, John, you're awesome, Sarah, you're $100-awesome. Killer Penguin, another $20. Killer Penguin, always a good one. LoveMyMom donated $22. Thelosthikers donated $25. Hikers, hope you find your way. Brian Wheedler, I think it is, donated $3, thank you so much, Brian. And any amount helps, by the way. Seriously guys that's great. Thank you so much. Patrick Toro donated $1,337. To Extra Life charity. That is fully a leet donation. Wow, Patrick. I mean, that's incredible, Patrick, seriously. Malachi Olden donated $25. Thank you, Malachi. Emma Angfwist donated $50, sorry for ruining that, but thank you so much, Emma, that's wonderful. Ryan Kerr donated $25, Ryan, you're great. Emma came back with another $25 donation again. Thank you so much, Emma, I really, really appreciate that. And love to you this week. Anonymous donated $35.10, anonymous, whoever you are, love you too. Got you, no worries. Richard Redmond donated $35. Richard, well-played, well done. Jordan Goland donated $15, thank you, Jordan, you're awesome. Another anonymous person donated $25. Whoever you are, hearts. Tim Pearson returns with a $25 donation. Thank you so much, Tim, you're rad. Steven Sudeban Davis donated $100. Steven, thank you, that's incredible. Onna Nelson also donated $100. Onna, you're awesome, that's incredible. Anna Law donated $25, thank you Anna. Well-played. Louis Lovelan donated $560. Louis. This community has so much people, so awesome. Chris Black donated $35. Chris, you're fantastic, thank you so much, buddy. Kash Brown donated $50. Kash, yeah. Steven Duggan donated $5. Is that the Dugganator? Well, $5, thank you so much. James Ramsey donated $25. James, you do encourage goodwill. Tim Nicholson donated $25. Thank you so much, Tim Nicholson. Another anonymous, #pumpkinspicethisbitch donated $25. Thank you so much. Sidney, oh, Rokushepard, Sidney, who we met in New York actually, donated $15. Thank you so much, Sidney. Great to meet you. Arthur Gibbs donated $50. Arthur, you're fantastic, buddy. Joseph Allen donated $25 to Extra Life. Joseph, thank you so much. Another anonymous donated-- Oh, it's Megan! Donated $5. Thank you so much, Megan, really appreciate that. Joseph Ulbricky donated $25. Thank you again, Joseph, that's amazing. Descentfromgrace returns with a $50 donation, Descentfromgrace, yay! Thank you so much. Vin Call donated $10, Vin, thank you so much. GhostKaidan donated $15. Thank you so much, GhostKaidan. And one more that just came in, I believe. Tyson Poirier. I'm sorry if I ruined that. But Tyson, you're awesome, you donated $40, really appreciate that. Donated based on critical fails and natural 20s. That's kind of a cool way to do it. Guys, you're all continuously fantastic in your support for this community, for the charity causes that we put this out for, ever-humbled. Heck yeah. So is the professional drummer on bass? It's all good. That's cool. I prefer to light my opponents on fire while they're drumming, 'cause I find that's a good challenge for their skillset. All righty. Yes we did, actually. Come here real fast! Come on down here and say hello. Seriously, man. Thank you so much.