Welcome back, guys. I hope you enjoyed your-- your holiday. Hope you enjoyed your new year and are ready to tackle all the chaos this year has coming. Both fists forward. So, missed you guys. Last we left off was a little crazy, but before we get to that circumstance, let's go ahead and start with our announcements. Yay! (cheers) First and foremost, our first episode of the year is sponsored by us happy to be back. We have no sponsor tonight. (cheers) So sponsored instead by viewers like you. So... Thank you. But, yeah, so other announcements we have. Me and Marisha will be running from this episode tonight to pack and leave at a super early, pre-dawn flight. Pretty much, or at dawn flight, to MAGFest. We'll be there getting in later tomorrow, and be there this weekend. So, those of you who are going to MAGFest, we'll see you there. We have-- Just a lot of magazines. - We pretty much got in there only because of the article in Game Informer. That's the only reason we were invited. No, MAGFest is great. We have a Critical Role panel tomorrow evening that me and Marisha will be doing, and other fun stuff Saturday and Sunday. So, look for us in the schedule and we'll look forward to seeing you guys at the actual event. Travis, you wanted to mention something real quick? This is true. Thank you so much. Anyone else? Oh, I want to announce real fast too. We received quite a bit of Critmas gifts after we had filmed the Critmas episode last month. So, as we're slowly retrieving them from the mailbox, me, Marisha, Taliesin, and possibly anybody that's available at the time, Liam, Laura will be doing a Periscope opening of the rest of those gifts in the next couple of weeks or so. Be announcing it ahead of time, so pay attention to that, but it is coming. So, don't worry. We'll be getting to your presents and thanking you for all your awesome unnecessary generosity. You're so wonderful and we'll let you know once it's happening. Anybody else have any other announcements they want to make? - Alright, great. That being the case. - Let's go ahead and dive in. To the first 2017 episode of Critical Role. Hello, everyone, and welcome back. So, getting us up to speed with the current circumstance that we left off at the end of last episode. Vox Machina, the main adventurers, spending the better part of this past year under the shadow of the Chroma Conclave, a group of ancient chromatic dragons that have banded together, seemingly under the banner of Thordak, The Cinder King, a great red dragon that had been sealed in the fire elemental plane for a number of years. Newly released and carrying with him what was called a soul anchor. A magical artifact made from the heart of a fire primordial that had begun to cause him to mutate and swell and become something beyond what he was. Also driving him apparently insane. As he dominated the countryside of Tal'Dorei, along with the rest of the Conclave, you gather artifacts of great power called the Vestiges of Divergence under the guidance of two sphinx allies. You travel between various planes and gathering these artifacts gathered allies and prepared for this climactic confrontation in your home city of Emon, now partially brought to ruin and flame. You assembled an army. You snuck beneath the city. You arrived within the center of the Cloudtop district nearly under the nose of Thordak's defending hordes, and through a climactic seeming sacrifice by your friends Kashaw and Zahra, were allowed to pass directly into the Cloudtop heading off Thordak before he could emerge from his subterranean lair and lay waste to the armies as they pushed inward towards his lair. ♪ There you all did battle with the great colossal Thordak, The Cinder King. A well prepared fight rolled out and while there was much danger, you all persevered and managed to, using the vestiges, destroy the soul anchor once it was revealed within the body of the great red dragon. His form rescinding and withering back to its regular, seemingly withering size. You-- it attempted to flee back into its lair, but the rather rapid and temporarily winged rogue, Vax'ildan gave chase and dealt a finishing blow to the great red beast midway through its cavern towards its lair. There you were joined briefly by your sister and an ally you had made through this circumstance, Raishan, one green dragon. The member of the Conclave that seemingly had made a tenuous alliance with you as her goal also was to destroy Thordak. Aiding you in the battle, Raishan followed suit and upon the corpse of Thordak laying cut, bleeding and dead in the center of this cavern, she wished to take her end of the deal you had made. To be left alone with the corpse for a moment to acquire some secret knowledge that apparently she was seeking from the dead dragon. Upon releasing the energy from the scroll which she had utilized the incantation from, you decided that vengeance being your oath as a paladin and the history that you have with Keyleth and Keyleth's people that died under the guise of Raishan's initial plotting with Thordak to not let this creature stand and attacked it. Both you and your sister, just as Keyleth began to arrive. The rest of the party slowly staggering behind. Raishan sneered and went further back into the cavern. You all gave chase into this dark, volcanic tunnel system which then opened up into a large, red flaming cavern filled with lava pools and rivers, and apparently a handful of red eggs, it looked like scattered throughout this room. Thick dark red crimson scales with crystalline formations pouring out of the sides. Very similar to Thordak's primordial dragon form. Upon finding not Raishan, but just this empty space, you looked up to see a series of arcane summoned meteors suddenly given form, rocketing from the ceiling of the cavern and slamming into the floor dealing some of you a pretty dangerous blow and sending you scattering across the floor a bit. Vex being thrown across the way. You all managed to survive as at the end of the last battle, I'd forgotten that you had made your save and you actually, your bludgeon damage was halved, so Vex is conscious, though still hurting. - As the dust settles and you all take stock of what had just transpired, you see the snout of the green dragon pull up into what appears to be a series of dark volcanic exhaust tunnels that seem to be like a hive network of-- of honeycomb type tunnels that just spiral off all through the ceiling, and that's where we left off in the last sequence here. Which, previously, behind if I'm--if I'm correct, and I believe I am, and if not, internet, it's fine, we'll--we'll do the narrative. We have the three of you in the room. We have Percy, Scanlan, Pike and Gilmore rushing up behind as fast as they can. Grog and Kima had stayed behind to finish up one of the more recent battles and Jarret is just not going in. He is not in a place to follow suit. "You got this, you got this. Do not worry, it's okay." No, they did not. No, they would have gotten into the chamber with you. Only the three of you made it into the chamber. They got into the tunnel, but they hadn't got up to your guys. The speed in which you guys all got there was basically just Raishan and the three of you, then the attack happened. Raishan rushed in, you rush after her. Everyone else has kinda been left in the dust. They're not too far behind you, but things be as they may. We begin tonight's episode at this next round of combat. Continuing where we last did. So-- - So, at the top of this combat round, technically, Percy, you have the initiative on this. You are continuing to push through this-- this hallway. You haven't quite even, at a double dash, you can hear explosions in the distance and then you guys watch as suddenly smoke, silt and ash come flying through the tunnel from within immediately followed by the sound of these large, heavy, banging explosions. Some sort of heavy impact, a series of impacts seem to have detonated deep within the tunnel and immediately set everyone in the vicinity on edge knowing that something is still transpiring in a very dangerous way deeper within this tunnel. It's just the feet, Percy. You can if you want, if you really want to. Yeah. - So, anyway, that ends your turn. You--you run past on the side of the wall, as the ash begins to settle around you as you run past, kind of preparing your weapons for a coming confrontation, you glance out to your right and see there the smoldering wreckage of red scales and dragon blood that was once Thordak, the cinder king. You see that and down it's about-- You keep running. You can see a gentle glimmer in the distance of a battlefield, but you're not quite there yet. Okay, the top of the round. The three of you finding yourselves in this circumstance. We go to the lair actions. So, these lair actions are-- Of Thordak's lair, as this is not Raishan's lair, but even though Thordak is dead, the lair itself has its own natural, naturally occurring dangers. - So. Over time! Maybe, you don't know. Exactly, yeah. It's-- it's on a recurring subscription plan. So, there will be-- The lava that you had just landed across. So, Vex'ahlia, as you are knocked from the explosions of the meteors from landing on your back, and just barely getting back up to your feet, your vision comes back as you see the stream of lava that's just barely pouring past. Very slowly begins to... As it opens and sprays here at 20 foot radius. I'm going to bring out my templates. This will explode and all three of you-- I need you all three to make dexterity saving throws. - Okay, that's fine. So, as it is a hotter, more dangerous vicinity here, the damage is higher, but you all managed to make your saves, so you're only taking half damage as you all avoid from the spray of magma that just bursts out and splashes in your area. Yes, because you have your rogue evasionness, and it's three ones, alright. - So, that'll be 18 points of fire damage reduced to nine. (indistinguishable dialogue) Next up in the initiative order is Raishan. So, as the splash happens, you glance up and you can see what looks to be a series of maybe a dozen or so of these volcanic lava tubes that kind of are these-- these caverns roughly the size of a very low live, kind of pushed in cat-like Raishan. You see the head and the tail kind of hanging out the side as Raishan begins to mutter some sort of an incantation under her breath. You hear the echo... (whispering incantation) Between the room as it kind of quivers for a second. And her form just vanishes. You did. I guarantee you that's probably not the case. No. Yes. Alrighty. Great. That brings us next to Keyleth's turn. Last you saw was up in this cavernous area roughly in this portion of the ceiling. Okay. - So, as you watch Keyleth's eyes flare with this bright electric kind of blue yellow light, as the ash and bit of dust that has been kind of plummeting from the ceiling from the impact of the meteor swarms and the movement of some now not seeable dragon amongst the ceiling caverns. It gathers into this swirling storm that begins to build and form across the top domed portion of this cavern. As it does, you watch bolts of electricity... Arc through the storm as Keyleth's form then whooshes into a burst swirl of flaming energy. Her physical body now becoming a swirling fire elemental. You wish to move or you're gonna stay where you are? Sure. Twenty-six. Glancing about between the dust that's falling, the movement of the storm that you've gathered at the roof of the ceiling, you don't see anything that identifies the location of a dragon now. So you're about right there? Further in? Good, alright. Where's your laser pointers guys? It has been, I know. That's okay. Alright, so-- Now, is that your turn? Alright, finishing Keyleth's turn. That brings us to Gilmore who's rushing up past-- Keeping up his pace as much as he can. "Oh, boy. I know you guys take me to the nicest places." And he's just jogging as best he can. Rushing into the ash cloud as another one pushes through. Some of the wind tending to push and causing swirling little dust devils of ash and cinder. That's gonna end his turn. Vex, you're up. So you glance up. - You see all this happening, what are you gonna do? Okay. - Regular health potion? Okay. - A Greater is 4d4 plus four. Remember you guys are pretty low on any powerful potions at this point. You used most of them, so, yeah. There you go, ten points of healing. On your broom. That's about as far as you can get. You want to stay hovering or just like there on the ground? Are you going up ten feet or 20 feet or are you staying just above the ground so you're not standing on it? Okay. Okay. Roll a perception check. Sure. - Okay, so glancing about, unfortunately, the gathering of the Call Lightning cloud combined with the other dark ash-filled interior, you don't see anything that signifies the location of a dragon. You do glance over and you notice that where you landed previously, one of the eggs was pretty much just destroyed by this-- 'cause it was the area of the meteor swarm where you guys were hit. So, all gathered here, so this egg right here by where you were, is currently just crushed inward and filled with rock. - It's hard to see, it's far away, but it looks like the egg has been destroyed. - Okay. What level? Okay. So, a 3d8 technically. - Cause if you're casting at third level, it's 3d8 plus your spell modifier. Alright, there you go. At the end of your turn-- Actually she's gonna do-- Okay. You feel this strange, sudden warm tingling sensation separate from the healing spell just in your vicinity. Almost like a warm breeze just kind of passes through you. That's it. - End of your turn. - You-- yes, you do. This one? - Okay. Go ahead and roll for attack. That hits. Twenty-six points of damage. Alright, you take the blade as you rush up and then hack through it. The blade only gets a few inches into the tough outer exterior of this egg and you have to push and carve through and you do carve a-- a sliver through the egg's shell and a little bit of deep, brownish-maroon liquid begins to spill out of it, but that's-- it's not a heavy amount of damage to the egg. Go ahead and roll for a secondary attack. - 28, that hits. I'll mark the eggs that are damaged and destroyed. This one is... Oh, that's not working too well. Good to know. Total of what? - Fifteen, okay. With that much damage, the egg begins to crack even further. More of the liquid begins to spill. The blade pulls through and you can see, as you tear a chunk of the actual shell of this egg off and it falls, you have punctured some sort of thick amniotic sac. That's what the fluid that's spilling out of it, but you haven't seemingly touched any sort of flesh or creature within, but the egg is currently has a section that is exposed. Over here? - Okay. I know, I'm-- I'm calculating how much movement you have. Ah, no worries. You can get right there. Fifteen feet in the air? Over this way? Bare with this, new tech. New year, we're making this work. So, from there-- yeah. You wouldn't be able to make it there. Destroyed. This egg has one crack in the side there. Okay. Wet erase and, you know. It's fun. Yeah, so I ordered way too many. I put a bunch in my cart to make sure that I-- I didn't know which one to get and then forgot about it, came back and was like, "Oh shit, I got to order that." Ended up buying like three bags full. We'll have egg plastic giveaways. That ends your turn, Vax? Alright. At the end of your turn, Vax, you feel the effect of the haste potion dissipate and your body, all of a sudden, goes from this hyperactive, very familiar mode to extremely lethargic and you find yourself having to fight to catch your breath. So, you can't take any actions next turn. -Can't do anything. - It's the potion, it's not the boots. Kima is trying to keep up pace with you, Grog. You're still in your large form. How long's that last for? Yeah, alright, so you're like bounding through. Kima's falling behind. As you guys both enter, and continue past you hear the explosions in the distance and all of a sudden, the rolling of smoke and ash rushes past you. The smell doesn't bother you cause you've had the smell of burning beard hair most of this close to your nose. What was once your great bush beard is a little tighter to your face now. But are you just going full sprint to catch up with everybody? - Alright. Pike is coming with you, yeah. 'Cause you picked her up. so you're just running with Pike. Kima's just like, "Damn it!" Left in the ash. You, while you were behind, you, with your full speed, being faster than everybody else in this group, you almost catch up entirely to Percy and Gilmore and pretty much on their initiative count going forward, or at least of the arrival count in the next round. That finishes your go. Let's see. ♪ You were after Vax, right? Right, so I got a little out of order, sorry, my apologies. Alright, so anyway, it wouldn't have made a difference. So Kima goes for a run. Pike. Is Pike doing anything on your back? He's carrying her. That was pretty awful, actually. (talking over each other) Wisdom, wisdom. Five, so add five to that. There you go. Scanlan. So, that's a 1d-- 2d4 plus two. Yep. You heal five hit points. Are you-- are you doing anything else on your turn? Are you dashing? Yes, your action to move again, essentially. Yeah, you're a little bit behind and you're pretty much-- Grog has caught up to you, and you guys are just behind Gilmore and Percy at this point. Yeah. - Well, he was running while you-- (breathing heavily) Okay, at the end of your turn-- Vax. You, as you fly over with your wings in the air, looking down at the egg. You feel this sudden warm wind pass through you. You don't quite-- it seems sourceless, but it just seems to fill you and leave. It's just different. It's already a hot, like you're all sweating in here, so the fact that you feel something, like, warm briefly comparatively to the temperature around you is what catches your attention. It doesn't hurt or damage you, but it just seems strange. Okay, good. - Percival, we're up at the top of the initiative. Alright. So... Alrighty. Percival, at a full run. If you go full run, you'll manage to get just barely inside the cavern about there. Right there. - So, that'll be your turn. There's still a bonus action if you have any use for it, so. Go for it. - Twenty-five. Glancing around, you see a fire elemental that briefly startles you as you kind of whip around in that direction, but you recognize-- Yeah, you see eggs. One is destroyed and just leaking out and like a series of boulders and what looks like some sort of a large, concave impression on the top. There are eggs scattered throughout the area. There's a giant storm cloud gathering in the roof of the cavern, and there is the large pool of lava with the small pool over there. You see occasional glimmers of what look like coin in the distance. Sure, I'll put you there. Sure, why not, Percy? - You're welcome. I'd say it's about 60, 70 feet up? - Yeah, the whole cavern's kind of domed like this. Alrighty, then, that's Percy's turn. Another lair action's going to transpire. Yeah. There is a fissure that erupts over in this side of the room. The ground kind of cracks open and this-- You've seen it happen once. A plume of poisonous gas fills this space here. Let's see. I need-- I need you, Vex, to make a constitution saving throw. Okay, good, I'll keep that in mind. Okay. It is now... Yeah, you just-- the cloud kind of fills the area and you start coughing, that's it. It hasn't gone your turn yet, so, it is now Raishan's turn. Legendary actions are restored. It's Raishan's turn. Deciding what to do. Okay. Um... Percival. As you're running along the wall, and you glance in the vicinity, you see the cloud of poison kind of burst from the ground and you're just out of the range of it. I'm sorry, it's just within your range from where the-- Yeah, you have your mask on.So, as you're standing kind of amongst this-- this fume, you see this within this, this cloud, a kind of strange burst of very, very faint light in your area and you feel, even in this heated room, a sudden surge of heat within your kind of torso region and then it fades. You now can faintly hear what sounds like... There are footsteps moving through the tunnels, but you're unable in the current chaos and the obscured vision to see where it's happening but there is movement happening above you throughout the cavern. Okay. That ends Raishan's turn. That's gonna bring us to Keyleth. Yep. - Okay, you move up and as you get to the edge of it, you can see now the light that your body's giving off. So, the fire elemental is glinting off of piles of gold and platinum that are kind of gathered around the egg. About a third of it is still submerged in volcanic rock and has been placed here for quite some time. You can see the crack in the exterior of the egg and the kind of thick purplish amniotic fluid that is slowly dribbling down like a-- like a slow moving molasses or sap from the wound left behind by Vax. Go for it. - Fifteen to hit? It does hit, yes. Only because he pre-damaged it to that point. You're basically attacking through the shell of the egg. Removed a portion of its armor, so otherwise-- Okay. So, you plunge your flaming fist into the fluid. You hear it immediately sizzle as your fist goes into it. You punch something dense on the inside. (groaning) You did both of those slam attacks? You rolled a 15 and a-- Oh! - Oh, oh, so you rolled 15 both times. - Got you. Then how much damage did you total? - Eighteen from both attacks? - Okay, cool. Alright, so, with both slams, the first fist goes in and slams and hits something. The second time you reach in and slamming, you grab it and pull out, as you kind of yank out of the egg just a little bit, you see what looks like the snout of a very tiny Thordak essentially. But whereas the red dragon you saw Thordak, that was like partially volcanic, crystalline with the burning eyes, this creature is seemingly made from pure primordial fire and rock. This is a whole new form of dragon. There are five eggs that you can see currently. They're all red, yes. You kind of killed it. It's currently limp in your grasp. Keyleth, the dragon snapper. Perfect. You still have some movement, Keyleth, if you want to move still. Towards Vax this way, okay. What's your movement in fire elemental form? - Fifty feet? You get about there, however, unaffected by fire and-- You're comfortable in this. - Kinda yeah. -It's tingly. - It's perfect. Alright, that ends your turn. Gilmore, just at a full run gets up to the side here, and is kind of flanking. He enters the space, pushes up against the wall and just kind of surveys the territory. He looks spooked but also kind of in that, "Well, we're here" type mentality. Looks about the room and goes, "Everyone all right? Please tell me everyone's all right." (coughing) (whimpering) "Great." That ends Gilmore's turn as he just arrives. Grog. (roars) You just come sprinting in. Sure. - You aren't stealthy, and as you run by, Shaun sees you about to swing and goes like, "Fine." Whack! Might have dislocated his hip. He's like... (strained laugh) "I'll charge you later." You get about there and you are-- Pike is technically on your space, kind of clutching to your shoulders. We'll say back here. Little Yoda backpack. You are a little bit behind everybody. You've just now caught up to everybody, and that's-- Just your full double run and you just arrived at the edge of the map. Alright, that'll bring us to Vex's turn. At the top of your turn, the poison has filled your lungs and while you suffer no damage, you are incapacitated. You are just in a coughing fit, almost falling off of your broom. Like sliding off to the side and just... (coughing) And you just can't do anything. - Nope. Yep. - The poison has completely filled you to the point where you're seizing. You feel the muscles tightening up, and-- It's not hurting you, but you're unable to do anything. Vax. You currently are just kinda like... (gasping) Taking a breath, your vision kind of blurs for a moment and you can see the double vision trying to align. It comes in to focus and you see Keyleth's fire elemental form kind of gliding across. You see the edge of your sister currently shadowed against this cloud of toxic, sulfurous gas that is spewed up from the ground. You can hear her coughing in the distance. You see a bunch of your allies now beginning to just show up on the outside of the room's kind of lit interior, and it takes you the full round to kind of catch your breath. Let me double check actually. I'm pretty sure... Let me see here. ♪ Can't move or take actions until next turn, so no. Alright, so that ends the end of Vax's turn. Let's see, at the end of your turn. There is going to be... Yeah, we're gonna get to yours. You are, yes. Yeah, your wings are just like... Grog, you see this kind of faint glimmer of energy around you and you instinctually kind of like... (grunts) (growls) But no temperature change. Nothing seems to happen. You smell sweaty gnome on metal armor. - Kima's running, desperately trying to catch up. But she's not quite in the battlefield yet. It's Pike's go. A 30 foot cone? From where she is, it's six squares. She can move 25 squares right now. She's been on Grog's back. She can kind of like leap off and-- She's right here, she can move this way or this way or wherever you want. This-- she'll just be on the outskirts of getting Percy and can get all the rest of you guys. She can just catch Keyleth. Okay. Or it would, possibly. I'd roll again. There we go, that's we're looking for. Okay. It's a natural 20, so yeah. There is a burst of greenish blue arcane energy that just kind of... around Pike as she tries to cast the spell. The spell fizzles. Scanlan, your turn. You... - Running up, you're like just on the outskirts. You get caught up right about there in the center of the room. That's as far as you can get. Yes. It would have taken you moving action to get there. You have a bonus if you want to take it. Healing Word? - Go for it. 2d4 plus six, yeah. Perfect. Let's see here. That ends Scanlan's turn. Percy, you're up. Over here? - That was the one that Keyleth just punched. You see no other eggs where you currently are. Do you want to go further on here or on this alcove here? Okay, so you're moving across the wall. You end at about there at full movement. Well, I mean-- - Yeah, you could-- 26 hits. Sure. - Fourteen does not hit. - Sixteen does not hit. Okay. Alright, so, first shot. It pierces through and actually cracks part of the egg. You can see it's almost like a spider spiral where the egg interior cracks inward. It pierces and a little bit of dark liquid begins to pool out of it. That's as much as you make as the next two shots seem to ricochet off of its hard shell. Okay. Okay. Suddenly, the entire lair begins to shake. - Like this tremor begins to emanate from the ceiling portion of this. Pieces of rock begin to... Fall from the ceiling. I need... The guys who are flying, so, Keyleth, Vax and Vex, don't worry about this. Everyone else, I need you to make a dexterity saving throw. It's a big radius. Dexterity. Okay. - Five, okay. -Pike... - "Oh ho. Great dodger, since I was 12." Yeah, Percy, you mange to just barely hold on without losing your the-- Oh! - I almost want you to just go home for that. Yep. Okay. That ends the lair action. It is now Raishan's turn. Yeah. - Nah. You watch as through the cloud of lightning that's kind of swirling, a small dragon-like form just pierces through momentarily. It's still see-through. You can see the rest of the swirling storm around it, but it's enough of that Predator-like appearance, where it just shapes and shimmies, or shimmers through the vicinity. It shimmies through. As it does, you watch this claw kind of lift up as this low echoing voice... (whispering in foreign language) Okay, 30 foot cubes. Yeah, 30 foot cube. I can only get-- she can only get Vex, Pike and Grog, but I need the three of you to make a constitution saving throw. Yes. Okay, and Pike? Well, Vex and Pike both failed. It's a spell DC of 22, I'm sorry. You and Pike both suffer 57 points of necrotic damage. Grog, you take half as much. So, it'd be 28. Twenty-eight points necrotic damage. Suddenly, you feel the very air itself go gray. The color is taken from your vision and your life force is drawn out of you through Abi-Dalzim's Horrid Wilting. - Horrid wilting. The air is drawn from your lungs. You feel your skin crack and tighten against your skeleton. Adele Dazeem's Horrid Wilting. (laughing) That's what it is now going forward. Oh, shit. Well, Pike is not unconscious. (gasps) Wait, did her armor get used last battle? -I don't think it did. - The fire giant of-- To the fort, yes. You are correct. With how many hit points? So, Pike is at five hit points. Nope. Nope. - But Vex plummets out of the poison cloud off of her broom, slams into the ground and clatters, spinning and falling to the ground not moving. Alrighty. From what you know, no. - So, that-- that is gonna end Raishan's turn. The form is still somewhat visible, though, transparent. It took her full movement to even get to that point. To give you a position, right now... ♪ It's right there. Though transparent. It's 50 feet up. Fifty feet up. So, Keyleth, what are you doing? Yeah, you can barely make out the-- the outline. Great, go for it. For Call Lightning, no, you have to roll-- No, sorry, a creature has to make a dexterity saving throw. So, what's your DC? - Twenty? Nineteen. Total of ten plus nine. - That's 4d10. Lightning damage. Nice. You watch as the form tries to pull itself back into the cloud, the cloud lights up with this crackling reddish pink electrical energy that then turns to a bright burning red as it arcs past and slams into her. You watch the energy arc across the body of Raishan, the dragon. (snarling) She does. - Yeah, she's fine. You do, yes. Your full movement, you haven't moved yet. You just pulled it down in that one moment. Over there? - Okay. You can go all the way over to it. I mean, you can make a perception check and look at it. If you want to rummage through it, that'll probably take your action. Okay. Okay, as soon as you rush up and get a glance at it, you can see that a lot of the dark, purplish maroon fluid that filled most of the egg is just coating the outside of the egg's shell and there are a series of rocks and pieces of rubble from the initial meteor swam impact that has just sundered this egg. It's about half the height of the others, it's just all that's been kinda collapsed inward. This egg is ruined. Nothing you can see. Ending Keyleth's turn, that brings us to Gilmore. Gilmore watching this happen, watching Vex go down. Let's see what he does here. (indistinct muttering) Okay, as Raishan's form is up there he goes, (sighs) "Not today, not ever!" And releases his hand like this and you watch as a burst of strangely shifting rippling arcane energy similar to the same ripple that is shrouding Raishan seems to kind of scatter up in that direction. He's going to attempt to... With his successful dispel magic, Raishan-- the form becomes completely visible now. The invisibility has worn off. And is now standing completely visible. As this happens, Raishan... (snarls) "I will enjoy eating the flesh from your bones." Definitely said balls. No. Gilmore is then going to... Gilmore goes from excitement to "Shit." He's going to-- knowing the tactics that are being used, he's gonna try to spread out form the rest of the group. Over here towards the destroyed egg across the wall. That's going to end Gilmore's turn. This brings us to Grog. You can. - You do, yes. Sure. You can, it'll take your action to do it. Superior, that is 8d4 plus 8. Yeah. - So with that, your eyes come into focus, Vex, as you feel the clatter of glass against your teeth, the vial being pulled from your mouth. You kind of cough for a second. Come into conscious as Grog, in his giant form, cradling you like a tiny baby in his one giant mitt. Just kind of smiles. Alright, don't forget you do have a point of exhaustion, as you've gone-- unless you've continued your rage this whole time, which you can, so never mind. You got that now. You're just like a freak. You're like drink it, drink it. Alright, great, that ends Grog's turn. Vex, you are conscious, prone, but conscious. You can, I'd say your attacks would have disadvantage. Yep, you do. You did, yeah. Do it! You certainly can. That was-- that was great. Gilmore rolled a 19 on the dispel. Yeah, that was really good. Oh, did you? - Nice, look at that, you and Gilmore just synchronizing. - Misses. - Hits. Did you include your damage for it being a dragon? Alright. So now you can see Raishan emerging from one of the volcanic caves. The storm's swirling around her, as she begins to pull back into it, you fire two arrows. One gets lost, the other one-- (snarling) Into the side of her throat. You move three squares. You get onto your broom, yeah. One square? - Okay, perfect. - Ends Vex's turn, Vax, you're up. Like the front half is. Roughly, yeah. You have now-- Yeah, you've regained your composure. However your other potion has now worn off. -You are no longer-- - Technically, yeah. The bonus attack is part of your attack action, so it's actually after your-- Twenty-six to hit, that hits. ♪ Fourteen points of damage. Okay, so you go for the tongue and you get the blade up to the mouth. Suddenly, her looking down and having a very, very wide view of the entire battlefield is very advantageous from her perspective. She sees you out of the corner of her eye, she turns to try and snap at you, and the jaws come down and catch the blade. So, it doesn't go for the tongue, but you use that momentum to glide it up the actual tooth and jam it into the gum. You manage to slam up there and the blood spurts out from the wound and-- (snarls) Rears back and so now you're kind of flying up by her face now. Fifteen feet up, yes, but you're also coming at an angle, which, you lose distance on that. You're pretty much at zero, yeah. That ends your turn. At the end of your turn, she's going to use another legendary action. To do a tail attack against you. She pulls part of her torso out for a moment, and her tail whips out in your direction to try and slam into you. That is a 19 plus, what is it, 32. That's gonna be 24 points of bludgeoning damage reduced to 12, so there you go. Alright, that brings us to Kima's turn. Kima finally arrives. - "Seriously?" That's her turn. So that brings us to Pike. Actually, no at the end of Kima's turn, let's see here. Raishan's gonna use another legendary action to attempt another tail attack against you, since you're within range. -That is a... - Twenty-one to hit. - Just hits? Okay. Seventeen points of bludgeoning damage. Yeah, go and halve that. She's used all of her legendary actions for this round. Okay. Pike. - No, it can-- I'd say-- let me pull it up real fast here. It roars down from the Heavens in all locations, so it doesn't come out of the floor, it comes out of the ceiling, so yeah. Raishan currently, only visible, is about maybe 10 feet or so of-- actually pulling out the tail attack, I'd say about 15 feet. So if she's careful, yeah, she could probably hit Raishan and not hit Vax. - Fair enough. It's gonna be close. Yeah, roughly about 55 feet up on the ceiling. With that 60 foot range, she can just hit Raishan with the column, so yeah. - So that is 8d6 damage. Go ahead and roll that. Raishan makes a save-- So a dexterity saving throw. Twenty-seven, I'm pretty sure that saves. And also makes a concentration check from your attack earlier. Thirty-one? - So half that to 15. Fifteen points of damage. Alright, cool, got it. Sorry. So, you just barely move out of the way as you watch a familiar gathering of radiant energy up in the ceiling. You see the glimmer in the corner of Raishan's slick eyeballs recessed within the green armor-plated face. of the dragon as all of a sudden-- A great column of fire and radiant energy blasts Raishan in the side of the face. Right there? That's as far as she can get right there. Cool. Okay. Cool, does that end your turn? - Good, Scanlan, you're up. That's about as far as you can go. This is true. Roll a performance check. In the midst of this chaos, the rumbling of the room, the sound of the lightning and thunder in the clouds, the falling of rock and soot from the ceiling is drowned out by what sounds like the most beautiful clear flute. It just trills... (whistling) You finish the song as you watch the brass glow. It begins to kinda give this-- this weird shine around it that begins to emanate this kind of additional warmth and light from it and then it dulls and the brass goes to a very tarnished dark metal material. You watch the flute ping in the hallway behind him. -So that's your action. - Okay. - Alrighty. You roll for her. She heals eight points. Alrighty, ending Scanlan's turn, brings us to the top. Percival, your turn. 24 hits. Okay. Oh, buddy! - Well, I was gonna say, the psychic damage doesn't negate your attacks. No, psychic damage doesn't affect the way-- Was Bad News prepared? It was fine. - Now it is, yeah. So, that'll hit. Correct. Alright. - Very nice. Alright, so you move behind the dragon egg right there. Well, it's the lair actions now. So in this one... From beneath your feet, Grog, you feel and you look down just as the rock splits and a spray of-- a tiny geyser of molten rock just sprays outward. You try and move out of the way in time, but sprays across you, Pike, Scanlan and Vex. So I need you guys all to make dexterity saving throws. Whoo! That'll do. 21? Succeeds. - Succeeds, Pike? Pike does not succeed. Succeed, alright, so, you guys who all succeeded, you take 12 points of fire damage. Half of you are resistant. - Just six. Pike takes 12 points of fire damage because she's resistant even though she failed her save. - Gets her legendary actions back. Given the current circumstance... Raishan is going to unleash... She's going to unleash a full round of attacks against you as you are right up in her face and stabbed her in the gums and avoided the entirety of her meteor swarm and you also attacked her. And she appreciates that, but the rest of the stuff is still a problem. That is 22 to hit with a bite. 22, well, yeah, so they all hit. Correct, so the bite attack is halved. Which is good. That'll be 22 points of piercing damage and you got the warm tingle earlier, right? You also suffer ten points of poison damage. He's not immune to poison. - No. That was the bite attack. So that whole attack is halved. The poison damage and the piercing you took is halved. The claw attack... 26 points of piercing damage. And the tail bats you on the way down. You guys watch as the darkened wings of Vax go limp and he just plummets. Roll a d20. No, this is a trajectory. You smack right into the edge, but not into the magma river. You hear the cracking sound of bones breaking upon impact and the wings themselves broken. Feathers falling and burning within the molten rock. The wings slowly fold in and curl like a spider dying and vanish. And with that... Raishan is going to move. (pieces crash) (shouts) Alrighty. And as she emerges now, after knocking you out of the air, wings fully out, Raishan... (snarling) "You're next." And then swoops over and is now floating over the lava pool over that way. And appears to be preparing for something. Yes, you did fail a death saving throw from hitting the ground. - Yes. That ends Raishan's turn. Keyleth, you're up. Okay. Make her save. Save 12 plus nine that is 21, which does save. So takes half damage, so 14 then halved. Okay, so ten points of lightning damage. Okay, did you want to move or you gonna stay where you are? Vax is approximately one foot from the edge of the river. It's slightly domed in. Okay. Yes, it is. I will say-- I will say the touch of a fire elemental ignites whatever it touches. It's kind of the essence of the element. Right, which means he'll take half damage from any fire that you deal. However, being the fact that you are in control of your form you're not trying to hurt something, I would say that you could carefully push him aside and I'll allow you a death saving throw as opposed to just taking straight damage. I'm making a-- An advantage because of your armor, yeah. So you kind of roll him over... You barely move him, you only get him five feet from being so careful. You could have moved him further, but he would have-- been ignited in the process. Does that end your turn? Okay, back this way, back where you were? Okay, that ends your turn? - Okay. At the end of your turn. Raishan is still overhead and casts a spell. - Alrighty. You watch as Raishan over on the edge... her front claws begin to form this strange geometric sigil in the middle of the air and each corner of it is a different color. Green, orange, yellow, red, purple, blue. And suddenly this giant burst-- What's the range on that? She's within range! - d20 add six. You rolled an 18? You rolled a 12, that's an 18 total? It is a... Hold on a second. I'm pretty sure... Right, oh, I know. The sigil-- as the burst of colored light begins to spray forward, you watch as it just... (cheering) Shit. I never get to use Prismatic Spray. Alright, so, as the spell dissipates... Raishan angrily... Alright, so that ends-- that ends Keyleth's turn. That brings us to Gilmore. Now, Gilmore over here is-- what else does he have left in the tank here? He's gonna do a level four Lightning Bolt. Gilmore is going to... Sorry. I know, sorry, I'm checking to make sure he can do this cause this is what he's trying to do. So, Gilmore-- Gilmore runs up. And just vanishes from his place and instantly blinks up over into this area using his misty step as his bonus action. And looks upward. "How do you like it?" Raises his hand and pulls this way. You watch as this necromantic energy begins to gather around his hands. A familiar spell to you, Keyleth. As you watch the diseased blackened veins up the side of Raishan's body begin to spread and grow momentarily and kind of begin to-- to dig their way into her throat. She begins to pull backward, unfamiliar with this sudden internal pain. Rolls a natural 20 for her save. But regardless, that's still-- Seventeen points of necrotic damage to Raishan with the save. That's Gilmore's turn there. That brings us to... Grog. - Yes. Yeah. Yes. Yes, you can. Yes, you may. - Oh, shit! Alright. Yeah, two additional d12's to that, so roll the die first. Plus don't forget you double the necrotic die. Yeah. Correct. 48? Okay. Okay, so, as you rush up, "Catchphrase!" and throw the axe sideways. It arcs upward and Raishan is currently kind of reeling from the dispel and angrily yelling into the room in draconic. Gets partway into a phrase, just finishing... (roaring) The axe just jams into the side of her collarbone and front torso area and... The axe is still kind of wedged there, are you gonna pull back? So go ahead and roll your... So, yanking the axe, dislodges itself and you catch it. You see it's covered in Raishan blood. As you pull the axe back, you watch as something just, like, a flash of arcane energy around her, and some sort of spell, uncast by her, just seemingly automatically just kind of surrounds her and her flying begins to speed up. Yeah, you have maybe 15 more feet. This end, sure. Great. That puts you at the end of your turn. She's gonna use legendary action. At this point in her kind of, sped up form, she begins to... (chanting) And there's a slight ripple again in the air similar to what Gilmore did towards Raishan early part of the battle. Let me see the... Yeah. You feel a kind of a strange warmth and tingling sensation within your body, Scanlan. It's not a save, it's against an effect on you and she rolls to-- just like how you roll to overcome her spell's counter spell, she gets to roll to overcome whatever effect is on you with dispel magic. So, that's gonna be the last of her legendary actions. No, it only affected the Heroes' Feast. Vex, you're up. Yes. Cause you have to basically get there, open it, grab them and help them swallow it to have the effect take place. It's a pretty involved action. This way? - Up and towards me. - This way? That's about as far as you can go right there. Okay. Yeah, cause you-- - Alright, so Hunter's Mark reapplied. Yes. - Alright, go for it. Just a regular potion? - Oh, right. That is an 8d4 plus eight. Nice. That ends your turn, Vex? - Vax, you're up. Correct. Uh, yeah. - Fails. - Twenty-two just hits. How much damage? - Ten points damage. Diagonally away this way? Here? - Okay, that's as far as you can get there. Okay. That ends your turn. That brings us to Kima. Let's see. Kima rushes in with Holy Avenger, and looks over at the distant dragon and goes, "Oh, shit. Who's hurting?" Kima as an action is gonna cast a... I'm gonna say third level Cure Wounds. Yeah. That's 17 points of healing to Pike. I think Kima's just gonna go at a full run. (indistinct talking) Right, that ends Kima's turn. There is a flash of light in the tunnel behind you guys. As a sudden burst of kind of... a whitish orangish energy that briefly halos Kima, Scanlan, and Pike's forms. As you watch, a brass talon... (cheering) A brass talon, that since it was used as the top of our tree, I forgot to bring its base, but he'll be acting there. He watches as they arrive and kind of bully their way past the entrance. "I was wondering when you'd call." Actually, I broke my platforms, so I'll just have to use my imagination for some of this. There we go. J'Mon, they kind of stomp their way into the room, stepping over you, Scanlan. Stepping past you, Vax. Nestles in, kind of surveys the territory. "A different color than I was expecting." And releases a blast of fire breath upwards in the direction-- That is a 23. Okay, makes the dex save, so Raishan pulls out of the way with a benefit from the haste spell. However it does still take damage. Half damage from the spell. That's 16d6 damage. - That is 58 points fire damage, half of that to 20... 29, whoo, pardon me. I did. She makes a concentration check. Succeeds. So, the haste remains viable. Okay, that ends J'Mon's turn. Pike is up. What's the range on it? Yep, that's the biggest radius, it'd be right there. In the center, just under J'Mon's giant brass dragon wing. No. Up to six creatures, who do you choose? No, that was her full movement to get there. (indistinct talking) Okay. - There you go. Alrighty. Ending Pike's turn, Scanlan, you're up. Yes, you should have. Do it, what are you doing? So, as you begin creating your incantation and thrust your hips forward, J'Mon Sa Ord turns their head beneath the wing in your direction and arcs a brow, surprised. As the bolt of energy streaks forth from your groin in the direction of the dragon. That is a 15. It's going to use one of Raishan's legendary resistances to resist it. So half damage. 35 halved. That's a good roll. Alrighty. And do you wish to move or you gonna stay where you are? Like by Pike and Kima over here? Yeah, you can move just underneath, running between the legs and get about there. Gilmore is standing and seems to be doing alright, but seen a lot struggle from the last battle and is currently about... You can see a little bit of blood dried and curling from one side of the mouth. Hair is mussed up and looks to be a few burn marks across the skin and is kind of a little out of breath, but is standing. Yeah. Gilmore's roughly half out. - Okay. Total nine, great, alrighty. That ends your turn? Alright, Percival, you're up. You did, yes. You do, yes. Thirty does hit, yes. You watch as you send the last bit of the charge through the cloak as the energy shoots up your arm into the gun and as you fire, it travels with the bullet and bursts into this kind of weird, reverse shock wave and the energy returns and slams for a second time into Raishan's body. It does not. - It hits the side of the hide and ricochets off the dragon's skin. We'll mark you at 25 feet up on the wall. Just keep that in mind. Okay, ends Percy. Top of this now is another lair action. ♪ (indistinct talking) Alright. ♪ The magma over here begins to bubble and you watch as one of these strange protrusions from the rocky ground begins to bow upward and then crack open as another familiar cloud of gas begins to spill out in this area. Vax, Vex, Scanlan. I need you guys to make constitution saving throws. J'Mon. - Does make it, yes. Okay, you do make it. - Eighteen, yes, the two of you manage to succeed. Pike as well? Okay. So, this cloud is still kind of permeating this area. Obscuring it slightly. Ending that now it is Raishan's-- You rolled a four. - So, when your turn comes around next... - No, you'll just be coughing and incapacitated. The coughing fit that this poison gas creates is so bad that you can't do anything but hack. Yes. Now, being Raishan's turn. Still hasted, pardon me. Raishan is going to dart backward... and snatch up this one egg with her claws. Grabs it and kind of carries it up underneath. So, that's 20 to get there and back to grab that. She kinda swoops down, grabs it. Moves forward ever so slightly this way, and... No, from back here. Is going to release a giant burst of poisonous gas outward, affecting-- Kima shrugs it off, Pike shrugs it off. Grog, you shrug it off cause you resist the dispel that didn't work earlier. Gilmore ate the Feast earlier and is also unaffected. However, I need... That's right, cause you can only have so many people eat from it. Alright, I need Gilmore, Vax, Vex and Scanlan to all make constitution saving throws. Yes. - Pike didn't get dispelled. So Pike is immune. You got a 9? - Yes. - Not you, Percy. Vex? - Okay. You guys and Scanlan all suffer 83 points of poison damage. Eighty-three. - Gilmore. Thanks to your heal earlier, Gilmore is still standing with two hit points. - Brass dragon. But it is here in a minute. Rolls a one on its saving throw. Gonna use legendary resistance to make the save. So he only takes-- they only take-- 41 points of damage there. Okay. So, as this billows forth... So, Vax, he falls unconscious. Vex, you fall unconscious, fall off the broom, hit the ground. Taking four points of bludgeoning damage, you suffer a death saving throw from the impact. 10 foot drop on your head. It's only a-- - It's only a d6 bludgeoning damage, but when you're unconscious while falling, you now realize the downside of flying all the time. As the poisonous breath billows out and everyone's coughing and falling over, you watch the twins fall unconscious, Raishan kind of grins. "You've got a few surprises, I see, but you're not the only ones." And then is going to use the rest of her movement to whip over here. She's carrying two eggs underneath. She still has 40 feet of movement. And is going to turn back, and flies there. No, she grabbed the two eggs and is positioning. Alright, that ends Raishan's turn. Keyleth, you're up. Which way? - Over here? Over here? - I'd say roughly 30 feet, 35 feet. There you go. Twins, you're about 30, another 35 feet from them. Okay. Well, with both twins, you'd have to move there. You drop your form? - Alright. I'll put you there. - Sure. Raishan saves. The eggs cannot save technically, so go ahead and roll damage. Yes, she did. The eggs did not. Thirty-eight, okay. That would be 29, no, sorry. No, from 30, 19. Nineteen damage to Raishan and the two eggs-- You watch as the bolt hits, arcs through her, arcs through the eggs. You see the eggs still carrying them, no visual. Well, nothing you can see, no. Okay. At the end of your turn, watching you form over, hit her with lightning, hit the eggs and all of a sudden, breath come back to the lungs of Vax on the ground. Raishan, "Not so fast." Still clutching the eggs, her front claws kind of form this small spiral as the air grows surprisingly cold causing this mist to form around the extended ends of her claws. As she puts her arms forth, casting Cone of Cold outward from her. That's going to be... I don't know if it's going to hit. Does not hit Gilmore. However, I need Scanlan... Oh, you can't technically move cause you're doubled over. Yeah. - What's the range on that? Unfortunately, Gilmore's just out of range. 60 foot range. Good looking out though. So that is Kima, Pike, J'Mon, Scanlan, Vax and Vex all making constitution saving throws. So, you take another death save. - And even then, even at half damage, she's unconscious. So you're at two death saves on impact. You're unconscious again to zero. -You take... - An eleven, yeah. So you take 43 points of cold damage. Unconscious. - Both roll for Pike. Roll for Pike if you could please. Pike takes another 43 points of cold damage. Alrighty, so that's the end of Keyleth's turn. It's now Gilmore's turn. Gilmore does not cure, unfortunately, that's not his specialty. He's used a lot of his spells. (sighs) Yes. Gilmore rushes around J'Mon almost as a defensive stand point, but also kind of taking in the circumstance. Watching this blast of cold air come through. Kind of looks around, seeing everyone on the ground. It's like, "Oh God, oh God." And in a fit of rage and needing to lock this down, just gonna go ahead with what he has left at his disposal to release a... All he can really do is a lightning bolt. Which Raishan rolls a one. Uses legendary resistance to resist it. I know. Ten points of lightning damage to Raishan. Go pee, it's fine. Do my best. Grog. - Actually, no, oh, thank you so much. Thank you, thank you, thank you. Beautiful. They found my base. Look at that. Looks much more majestic when it's up in the air. Oh God. I'm juggling here. Stay on there! Alright, so, at the end of that turn... there's two more legendary actions from Raishan. She has four, she has four. To cast a Melf's Acid Arrow at Gilmore. ♪ He's underneath. Okay, a ranged spell attack. So, yeah, that hits. So that is 4d4 acid damage against-- That's five. Five, ten points of acid damage. Gilmore is now also down. As Gilmore runs past the dragon, Raishan just with this almost underhanded, flips her claws out and this one little greenish dart of arcane energy slams into Gilmore's chest. And he just falls to the ground. Burning into him like alien blood. Grog, it's your turn. - Yes. Wait, for which one, on the-- If you're enlarged, no, it doesn't increase your speed at all. You're still 50, you're bigger-- You could get... That far there. Okay. Alrighty, so you're gonna use your action to administer the Greater healing potion to Pike. Alrighty, go for it. - Yeah, 4d4 plus four. Fifteen points to Pike. That ends your turn, Grog? - What'd you roll? - Five. There, on the banks of the lava flow in Thordak's lair, the breath escapes Vex. Her body going still and unfortunately not cold because of the vicinity of the flames, but Vex has fallen. - Vax. - With advantage. - Made it? That brings us to Kima. ♪ Kima, who's-- Pike is now conscious, correct? From the potion. Kima's panicking watching all this happen and seeing this happen in the distance. Looks to Gilmore, looks to Vax. She kind of frustratingly just throws the sword at her side and reaches down and does a level two Healing Word to Gilmore. That is 12, so Gilmore is back and conscious. Alrighty. That ends Kima's turn is now-- That was-- that was not Healing Word, sorry, Cure Wounds. She's going to move, stepping over his body, "Keep it going, friend." Leaps over him. Two, three, four, five. And she kind of runs past, pulling the sword out again, looks up at the dragon and says, "Alright, show us what you can do, buddy. There's a lot riding on this." After Kima is J'Mon. They look down at the running Halfling. "Dire as it may be, that's why we're here." Let's see if he gets his breath back. Nope. They did not get their breath back. Rushes up and-- Goes right up into Raishan's space. So, just rushes up into Raishan. You feel the wind kind of blast past as the wings of J'Mon Sa Ord, Devo'ssa, pick them up and they rush around strafing the side of Raishan and unleash a barrage of attacks against her. That will be-- First one is 16, no. Bite misses. Three and a two, really? Three, two and one. That is ridiculous. So. - As J'Mon rushes up and unleashes, Raishan, who is slippery at best, and really, really, really creepily deceitful at her worst, dodges to the side, so, she's in the shadows and the cloud of the storm in the air to kind of hide her form as J'Mon reaches out and starts slashing Raishan, who's now has this kind of wild look in her eyes of now mounting victory. From a moment of fear earlier, she manages to avoid the first two strikes and the third one, the tail slaps against the side of Raishan's body. Whack and smacks to no effect. That ends J'Mon's turn. It is now Pike's turn. Pike is about 25 feet away. Revivify is touch and she's coming up from unconscious prone which means she doesn't have the movement to get there to touch her. Oh, no, she was-- she was-- Oh, oh. So, she was prone. She was prone. No, so she can move. She can't get there. It's a touch spell. Had she used them recently? The internet will let us know. Right, right, so. The Sprinter's Boots will let her double her movement for a round. Alright. - Now, this is mid-combat. -For the purposes of this-- - I understand. So, this-- this is going to be a rapid resurrection skill check. So, but this is only from Pike because it is a singular roll. So. As Pike rushes up, what does Pike utilize to implore Vex's soul to return? Go ahead and just roll a d20. A ten? As the glow from the outside of her form that just radiates with the armor itself, centrally focuses itself into her holy symbol and is sent down the arm. Each piece of the plate mail glowing in succession like a series of chained lights as it reaches the fingers, touching the bottom of her fingertips to Vex's torso. The air seems to go dark for a moment around her body before it pulses, and with that, you watch as her jaw moves ever so slightly taking in, once more, the warm air of Thordak's lair. Pike, want to do anything else? Bonus action? Okay. So that is a 4d4 plus four. Yeah, you guys have been hording potions for a while. You've been burning through all of them from these two encounters. Okay, nice. Alright, at the end of Pike's turn, Devo'ssa, J'Mon Sa Ord, is gonna use two legendary actions to attempt a wing attack. He is now like just assailing Raishan with their wings. So, Raishan has to make a dexterity saving throw. That is cocked, try again. No, that is a failure. Raishan's gonna use the last legendary resistance to resist that. So instead takes... That's... Seven points of bludgeoning damage and is not knocked prone. That would have messed her up. Okay. No, she is not, she's safe. Okay, that brings us to Scanlan. That's a death saving throw off Scanlan. Alrighty, that brings us to the top of the round. Percy, you are in the back of a wall. The curse of the unscathed! Okay, go for it. Really? - So you're pulling out Retort. That hits. Two more attacks on that, right? That's-- well, Bad News takes an attack to reload. Right, but usually, it's action. That hits. Okay. That hits. Nice. - Let me take some concentration checks on that. Yep and yeah. Around this way? So, you get about there. Okay. That ends your turn. It is now back to a lair action. - The ground in the center here quakes and cracks open as a familiar burst of magma-- -Everyone in this vicinity. - I need Vex. Vax, you're-- Right, but you're still unconscious, right? So, you just take-- you just lose a death saving throw. As the magma bursts and sprays around, so you take one. I need you to make a dexterity save. -I need Scanlan-- - You lose another. - I need Pike to make a dexterity saving throw. And you too, Grog. Gilmore does not make it. I'm rolling shit for damage, that's good. Wow. Okay, so-- Okay, ten points of fire damage to each of you halved, so you both take five. Okay. A 19, okay, you succeed, so you take half damage. So you take five, but you're resistant from the potion, so half that, so two. Two points of fire damage. Alrighty. It is now Raishan's turn. Hasted. Raishan, by the way, from the attack from Percy, the damage, you can see Raishan is now visibly bleeding. Parts of the scales are torn. You can see now, at a close up vantage point, as much as the previous dragons you've battled have had a lot of resilience, Raishan's taken a fair amount of damage, but seems to not be quite as physically hearty as what you previously faced and is looking visibly hurt. Raishan is going to begin the round, turning to the rest of you. "I have business elsewhere, and you're being really obnoxious. Stay down." And glancing over is going to go ahead and with both of her hands, again, release another... She is almost out of spells. Cone of Cold. That is-- I need-- -So, Scanlan-- - Scanlan is... - Frozen, covered in ice, locked in place. A solid gnome bereft of life. Motionless on the ground. Gilmore takes-- Gilmore loses a death saving throw. Vax, you take another damage to your two failed death saving throws. Pike needs to make a constitution saving throw. Grog, constitution saving throw. You were, so you also-- Twenty-four, you succeed. Okay, that's 30 points of cold damage to Pike. - Yeah. Pike is unconscious. So Pike is down. - Watching this carnage, you watch as the spell finalizes the blast of cold arcane energy just careening forth and then fading. The ground itself, which is now, normally glowing orange, is now covered with a very thin sheet of ice and you watch steam rise up from the contrasting heat and cold from the spell effecting the surrounding atmosphere. As the mist dissipates, you see a big toothy grin curl across Raishan's face. Little bit of dragon blood curling past her teeth from the wounds that she's suffered. Glaring nervously over at J'Mon Sa Ord, who has taken nearly no damage at this point and is currently up in Raishan's face. Raishan says, "Well, I'm afraid I have to get to the rest of my day. Die amongst your friends as you should." And just tears off of J'Mon and goes into a full hasted fly away. - J'Mon does, J'Mon is gonna make a bite attack against Raishan. With a natural 20! - It does not grapple. But that is... She will, yeah. That is 18 plus eight. That's 26 piercing damage plus she's immune to poison. She takes no poison damage. That's 28 points of piercing damage to her. Concentration check, oh, she's fine. It's ten plus 14, so, yeah, she's fine. So, the haste does not dispel, however, J'Mon bites out and takes a huge chunk of flesh as the teeth just scrape across the back of Raishan's wing and shoulder like... (snarls) But manages to pull away and at a full 160 foot flying speed hasted and just disappears down the hallway. Into the ashes and shadow behind. Keyleth, it's your turn. A 160 feet, yeah. ♪ No, she is outside of your dark vision view radius and there is no light in the tunnel ahead and it is a slight incline. You just watch her just... Disappear into the dark tunnel. Currently have no bead of sight on her. A 120 foot range? The spell from where you are currently, which is over here, she went 160 feet even further away from you than she was, so she'd be beyond the distance of the spell unfortunately. I mean, you have to still jump. So you have to make an athletics check. It's about six, seven feet. So make an athletics check. Well, not a new rule, the actual rule. So, as you rush over trying to help, you go to leap, but your foot catches what you thought was solid volcanic rock. Unfortunately, it's brittle and broken and it slips beneath your foot. In doing so, you only get about three feet before you plant the lower half of your body straight into the lava. That's 53 points of fire damage. - You're essentially prone in the lava. You rolled a one to jump and you basically went... - You're technically prone. The rest of your movement will get you up and out, but it'll just get you out of the lava. - So, you'll get out and you'll be just on the edge there. Wow! Wow. Wow! This whole thing's a metaphor for 2017. Okay. What level? Vax is now conscious. There you go. - So, Gilmore gets up. Kind of looks around. "Where did she go?" Okay. He rushes this way and as he gets about there, he... slams into something that is currently invisible. You see a slight ripple of arcane energy and you see a series of small glyphs spiral outward and then it goes see-through again. He starts slamming his fists on it. "Of course, of course. Of course." He goes and... Let's see what he has left. Yeah. Technically, he looks like a mime from your standpoint. "I haven't the faintest. I only just arrived." So we're gonna continue going through the order here. So, Grog, it's your turn. Okay. - 4d4 plus four. Alright, that ends your turn, Grog? You do. - Two of them are completely destroyed and there is one that has been shot and is leaking. Okay. That brings us to Vex. I need you to make a death saving throw. Towards this egg? - Okay. ♪ That's two death saving throws on Vex. - Vax. So, yeah, cause you've been giving it out-- I'm pretty sure you used it once before. Go for it. - You're still prone by the way. You just basically crawled over and touched her. - Okay, so you stand up and you still have half your movement if you wanted to. Pike is conscious, your sister's conscious. - Which one? - Alrighty, that ends Vax's turn. Kima rushes up and swinging her holy sword in the air, goes for a full swing, noticing that everybody's now conscious, goes and takes a full swing towards this invisible barrier. As it streaks across, you see divine energy go flying off in a shower of sparks and a giant shimmering, shaking visual on this-- this force wall that stands here in the center of the hallway. As she finishes her attack, it shimmers unscathed. She goes for a secondary attack. Strikes again. This time as it strikes across the sparks are even brighter and you can see the impact almost pushing her back off of her feet and as the blade comes to the end of its second arc. She looks up. The wall still stands. Alrighty that brings us to... - "The phone's out, oh God"? Come on, four percent, I got four percent left. I know. - Yeah. J'Mon, with each strike, is like testing the boundaries of it across the sides of the tunnel and just goes... "This magic holds." Fun charger. I'm not getting a charge. That's alright. It happens. Anyway. J'Mon, oh, J'Mon gets the breath weapon back. And kind of pushes... both Kima and Gilmore aside. "Excuse me." And unleashes a blast of burning hot breath across this wall. As it hits, it just curls across and spreads across the side of the walls as the dragon shields both Kima and Gilmore from the blast. As it finishes, the flame has been split the entirety and has no effect on the wall. Pike. Well, she was-- She was prone, right? She just came back to consciousness. So she gets up for half her movement. Being a gnome, it's one of those things where 25 feet halved and you always round on the lower end of the scale. At ten feet, she's not close enough to touch Scanlan. Yet. Sprinter's Boots already got used. It's got one round use. Alright then. I'll trust her. Good, alright then. Then that will be just enough to put her up next to Scanlan. Okay. Go ahead and roll a d20. Thirteen, okay. As she implores to the spirit of Scanlan in this frozen form, you watch as the icy crystals that have coalesced around his form and locked him in his place, his face kind of-- This frozen look of horror. The ice begins to turn into mist around him and his color begins to return to his skin. His expression relaxes as his eyes suddenly focus and Scanlan, you find yourself conscious again looking up at Pike. Tears in her eyes, pulling her hand back from your shoulder. Looking up into the dark, you know, glowing lit interior of Thordak's lair. There we go. Cool, that's what I wanted, thank you. So make sure everyone has their equipment cards on them. Alright, so that finishes Pike's turn. Scanlan, you're conscious now. Well, right now, as we're getting back into this. Percy, what are you doing? First things first, Mordenkainen's Magnificent Mansion is a one minute casting time. So you could do it, but in the process of doing so, you'd probably go through about 10 different lair actions in here. So, Keyleth, you're using, you said, stone-- It would be very tiny and you'd have to crawl through to create enough-- Cause you're not quite sure how thick the barrier is, so you have to be-- have to roll an investigation check and based on your roll, I'll let you know. Eight? You're not sure, you can give it a shot. Before it gets to you, it does come back to a lair action. Okay, so take your healing. Sorry, I asked you what you were doing. What do you want to try? Okay. Well, you have to-- Stay on the wall, okay. Leaving you roughly there. So even a full turn, that's as far as you could get on a double run. Cool. Alright, now-- now this happens. With this, the quakiness of the lair seems to be subsiding a little bit. There is a tremor on the ground. It only effects those directly around the barrier, so that's my people. Everyone succeeds, so no one falls prone. So no effect on that lair action, per se. Alright, past that. You can see in the distance, past the wall, dark in the tunnel, which is almost pitch black beyond the radius, you see this slight purplish glow and then a flash of purple energy. It's a touch spell so you have to get up to it, so you're back there. So you just get up to the edge of the doorway and the wall with a double run. - Okay? Yeah. Okay, go for it. So it is 4d4 plus four. Alright. Gilmore. Gilmore doesn't really have anything that can be of aid right now. Grog, you're up. About the same size as Raishan. Raishan and J'Mon have a very similar physicality. Like their bodies can, much like a cat can get really thin, just enough to fit through the tunnels, maybe, but not with any riders. You guys would probably be squeezed off or crushed in the process. Go for it. Go for it. That'll hit. - Okay, so the first strike just cleaves through the egg entirely. - I know. You impact at the point of the bullet that Percy left earlier, which kind of left that spider web crack in the front and that just causes the entire thing to buckle under the sheer force of your axe as it swings. The egg gets cut in half, tumbles over, splattering primordial dragon whelp gore and you can see the remnants inside of what is now a two-parter primordial dragon whelp. Yeah, as it flew off and kind-- Sure. As you pull it up, and this creature is, nearly identical to the one that you pulled out earlier. It's still deep red crimson, but like fully, fully primordial in its visual. You take back a chunk of it and you throw it at the wall and it just passes through. (gasps) It smells terrible. Currently, you destroyed three of them and two were lightning baked and taken off by Raishan. Well, that finishes Grog's turn. Vex? I'm pretty sure you guys went down guns blazing. Okay. - 3d8 plus whatever your modifier is, go for it. Twenty points, okay. - With your speed and getting up, cause you were prone. That close right there. You can't quite get to the dragon guts. That's as far as you can get. Alright, so that ends Vex's turn, Vax. Whatcha doing? You walk right through. "Forward, now!" And all of you just start... Like crawling over all of you. Okay. - Kima goes, "Wait, what?" As soon as you grab the shoulder and you both suddenly vanish and reappear at Thordak's body. You both land with a flash of arcane light. As your feet hit the ground, it is an empty tunnel. So, no Raishan. -There is no Thordak corpse. - Correct. - As you guys approach, Gilmore steps up and goes, "I think I have a pretty good idea what that flash we saw was." - "Getting the hell out of here. Son of a bitch!" He takes a rock and throws it. Hair's kind of tussled. No. - And that's where we'll end tonight's episode. (all groaning) We have a flight early in the morning. I can't believe you all lived. Well, if-- If you had fallen into the lava, by the way, if you had rolled poorly, you would have been submerged in lava, which was... Well, that-- that's 18d10 points of damage. If that had exceeded your max hit points, you would have been instantly dead and turned to ash. Yeah. There were a few close calls there. Oh, yeah, the Prismatic Spray. That would have been real bad. It's a cone that big. Just so you guys know, cause it's a fun spell to kind of talk about. And each of you would have been hit with a different colored ray. I would have rolled a d8 to see what color had hit you. On a one, you take 10d6 fire damage. On a failed save, half. An orange, take 10d6 acid damage, save for half. Yellow 10d6 lightning damage. So, just randomly all of you guys basically just take 10d6 of something. Green you take 10d6 poison damage, half save. Five, 10d6 cold damage. Six, on a failed save, you're restrained and you have to keep making saves or you turn to stone. Seven, you're blinded and you have to keep saving. A successful save ends it, if you fail the next save, you will be transported to another plane. On an eight, on an eight, I roll again for two rays against that person. - Keep rolling eights, you're gonna be fucked. It's a fun one. I like that spell. It's one d8, so ten would be instant death, it would be. If I roll a 10 on a d8, sure. You are so done. Oops. So, guys, we'll pick this up again next week on Thursday. Find out where Raishan is. With two eggs and the corpse of Thordak, The Cinder King. You start with a disadvantage. Alright, guys. You guys, we'll see you at MAGFest this weekend. We'll see you there shortly. She came pretty close. Three, two and a one. That really sucked. I wasn't getting-- cause that the fire breath is nasty. But anyway. - Happy New Year! Well done, guys, you survived. -