Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around, roll dice, and play Dungeons and Dragons. Yes, in my face. Thanks, Travis. So tonight we'll kick off here with some announcements. First and foremost, the first run with Loot Crate went very well; you guys rose up and showed your interest in that fantastic product and they've come back! (cheering) Once again-- That's wonderful. So yeah, so those of you guys who are tuning into this wonderful offer for the first time, they are offering a $3 subscription-- the word escapes me for some reason. Discount, that's the word, because my brain is stuck in fantasy mode. He said "modifier." That was Travis on that one. Minus $3 modifier to your Critical Role subscription for Loot Crate. But no, Loot Crate is a monthly subscription box. They make a really awesome, continuously new array of geek-centric and gamer gear, toys, T-shirts, wearable content, collectibles, it's badass. Me and Marisha have been members for years ourselves. That was delightfully awkward. That was great. So we announced at the end of the last run with Loot Crate that their new upcoming box is themed "dystopia." It's everything post-apocalyptic, they've had a lot of really awesome Robocop, Terminator 3, Matrix items and Bioshock items-- --a bunch of really cool things in this next Crate. Plus, on top of the previous stuff we've offered, they also put out what's called a DX Box, this Dystopia DX. Which is a special, premium box which contains over $100 in items into it, it's for the really hardcore awesome collectors out there. And the box itself is a lot bigger-- (Skeletor voice) I'll get you He-Man! (cackles) Having had the pleasure of actually playing Captain America once, this is really awesome, and having voiced Iron Man once, this box is made for me. Now I need to voice Skeletor and I'll be good. That's fantastic. Heck yeah! Do it! There you go. There you go. Yeah, that's Dragonball too. That you are re-rolling a new character, Grog suffered a stroke. I'm pretty fast on that draw. Pretty quick! Watch out for the microphone. I found in here hidden amongst the rest of the big things a really awesome Stan Lee pin, which is badass because years ago, at an Avengers-themed birthday party, we all dressed up, I actually dressed up as Stan Lee, it was a lot of fun-- Yeah. We got a whole Avengers Last Supper picture with Stan Lee in the middle just going like-- Yeah, me and him fought. You showed up as the Purple Man and you did karaoke to Start Wearing Purple. That was a good night. He does. Individually. True believers! (slurp noise) So yeah, for those who aren't subscribers, it's awesome. So, if you want to sign up to get the discount, you go to www.lootcrate.com/criticalrole. if you want to sign up for the DX box, for the real collectors out there, that is www.lootcrate.com/criticalroledx. There is a link in the chat. Okay, so I'm going to keep this. And you're not going to tell anyone. You guys won't tell anyone, right? Anyway, on to the rest of the announcements! Next up, at E3, which is next week, we're going to be showing up on Thursday as part of GameSpot's E3 coverage. We're going to be doing cycling interviews with them starting at noon on Thursday, I believe, next week. So check in with GameSpot Thursday next week to have us sit in front of a camera and make complete and utter fools of ourselves, unlike we do here every Thursday. So that'll be a lot of fun. A reminder, me and Marisha are going to be at the Haven Expo convention in Australia beginning of July, so all you Australian folks in the Southern Hemisphere want to come and say hi, we'd love to see you. Comic Con, San Diego Comic Con is coming up. Yeah, yeah. We're going to be there. Looks like we may have a couple panels throughout the week, as well as the main Geek and Sundry panel, so if you guys are planning on coming to that area, keep an eye on the @CriticalRole Twitter, we're going to be announcing those times and rooms when they become available to us, so you can plan to come see us because we'd love to see you out there. That's impressive, how does that keep happening? All right, Taliesin, your next episode of Signal Boost, I believe your last episode of Signal Boost-- And we have the "Dear Abby" Vox Machina articles still coming up-- we have a new one tomorrow, I believe? Who's up on that one? Do we know? If only that was the case. It might be Percy, we'll find out! Tomorrow it'll be a surprise! Go to geekandsundry.com tomorrow to find out whose article it is. Because we don't know! And I think that's it, that's all, unless anyone has anything else they want to announce, or shall we dive into the game for the evening? Was that intentional? Or did it just happen? I love me some breakfast pizza! I didn't know if it was actually breakfast pizza, or he got regular pizza and somehow it got an egg on it. Hmm, that's weird. Anyway, let's go ahead and bring it down here, as we return to the realm of Exandria for tonight's episode of Critical Role. I hope so, I hope we're at the intro. [dramatic music] You fisted the dragon and, as such, found your way out. During this period of time, Vax embraced the blessing of the Raven Queen, taking a level of paladin, Grog got more intelligent, briefly, as a giant eagle, and you managed to reconvene with your party members as the dragon went to recover within its lair at the top of Gatshadow. You then encountered a very elderly goliath who you hadn't seen in quite some time, named Shale, who spoke of the scouting crew that had been obliterated by the dragon. You followed Shale as she led you up the mountain to where the dragon's current lair resides. You did battle with Umbrasyl, a very hard-fought battle, many of you taking a bunch of damage. But you prevailed and Grog dealt the death blow, killing the dragon. You all began to sift through its hoard, the bulk of which we will be doing as you rest into the evening here, Shale shambling down the mountain on her own to see the rest of her greater destiny. So, as we come back, you've all decided to take an evening's rest to recover from this heinous battle that you just suffered. You carved out some elements of Umbrasyl's corpse that were not destroyed by the anger and might of Grog. I believe I told you a tooth count, a blood vial count, what did I not give you from the remains of the black dragon? Yeah, it was 15 or so, I believe, because a lot of them were destroyed from the perpetual axe smashing in the mouth-- Yeah, exactly, it was the more important part, really. Well, ten dragon claws were harvested from this entity, and about-- and it's going to take you quite a while, you're probably not going to be able to rest if you continue to harvest from the corpse to get scales off of it, at this point, because it's more dragonhide than just scales, you're taking the hide off of it and you're going to need a team of people and an extended period of time to do that well. Okay, that does help, it's still going to be-- there's a lot of hide-- Yeah, ravaging the countryside from the east. You are still in the lair, yes. Do keep in mind, the Bag of Holding can hold upwards 500 pounds, to the max. Just be aware. No. We're about to find out. As you guys are working on the scales-- Of the scales? Okay, that's fine. Hide, dragonhide, we'll say. Scales themselves are just little pieces, used more for alchemical elements, can be removed from hide later, so we'll call it hide. So I want you to go ahead and make an investigation check, Laura. Uh, no, this is more to do with the gold-- Your favored terrain, ironically, is not gold, it is mountains. However, when you level up as a ranger, if you choose to, your next favored terrain should be gold. Just as a character choice-- It is quite a lot of gold. As you start counting up a section of it, and you being a very, very discerning eye, you're looking upwards of around 78,000 gold pieces. A lot of this is Westruun's. Just so you're aware, that's 1,570 pounds of gold. You can't carry all that. How much you taking? Well 50 gold pieces is one pound, so that's about 100 pounds. 5,000 you said? 500? 500 would be, you know, ten pounds. It's mostly gold. Platinum is not too heavily traded, it's usually more-- there aren't a lot of people in the general town and cityscapes of Westruun, these areas of the country, that carry large volumes of platinum. They're more like inter-country large purchases that are made. Most of this has just been gathered from people's homes, from personal stashes and mercantile store houses, so most of it here is gold. About 78,000. That's 300 pounds worth of gold. If you were to put that within the Bag of Holding, that's the most you could carry. Your Bag of Holding, I'll say at this point, would be full. Yeah, it's instant. You just (impact). Okay, so as you begin moving and trudging through the gold, as you start moving it into that pile, you also discover 25 pounds' worth of precious gems, most of them cut, some of which are also rough. I mean, there are a number of gems that look like they're part of necklaces or rings, yes. There are a number of gem-encrusted rings that would be very, very beautiful wedding rings if they were utilized, yes. There are a number that could fit smaller folked fingers Okay, that's about a 400 gold worth sapphire ring. So note the 25 pounds' worth of gems. You could attempt to ascertain their worth later. You don't have the materials, nor the actual personal knowledge to figure out exactly how much those gems are worth at the moment. You do also find a bunch of art and fine decor, brass and gold statues that were pulled out of homes, some art pieces, silverware-- Okay, make an arcana check. It sparks for a second, then goes dark again. Looking at it, it seems like whatever it was designed to find, it has found and expended most of its temporary enchantment. Make an investigation check. There are some very pretty paintings. So the armored gnome, Pike, leaps onto the pile of gold coins and eagerly sifts through with her giant ogre-ish hands. (laughter) His large size allows him to push through large swaths of the pile of coins. You do pull through what appears to be a very, very fine ceramic jug that has runes carved along the sides, and it rightfully should have broken under the weight of most of the metal that had been placed upon it or shifted around. You may. Go ahead and make an arcana check. Actually, yeah, this would be arcana. 16? It's not a specific language, they're all basic magical runes that are used in transmutation magic. You're not too familiar with anything in this realm, but transmutation is the most you can get out of it. Okay. What's interesting is, as you take the jug from him, it's empty but you still hear sloshing, even though it's empty as you hold it before you. You put water into it. It swishes around. Yep, you tip it upside down, and the water spills out. Nope. You shake it, you still hear the swishing, yeah. You do. (muffled) It blocks it, quite a bit. Your voice is ringing in your ears. You still hear, around you (sloshing). Sure, what are you-- You just take it? You tip it, nothing comes out of it. Yeah, you feel the bottom. It's all dry ceramic. It swishes around. It pours onto the ground. It's just blood. You have dirt in the jug You turn it over and dirt falls across the ground before you. (laughter) You go to the docks of Emon. No. You'll have to take some time with this to discern what it actually does. You also find amongst this chaos a number of glass shards, and you start discerning that there are a number of empty vials that were shattered and broken across the floor in this area and across the coins. A bunch of empty vials. A lot of things that were seemingly recently used in the recovery of the large entity. However, there is one unbroken vial that you see that contains a cloudy grey oil that swishes around on the inside; some of it tends to seep through the glass, almost, and then evaporate instantaneously on touching the air. You haven't, actually. You sniff it and it smells metallic, strangely, as you pull the stopper off. It's not liquid, it's more like a thick oil. It's very viscous and slowly swishes in place as you rotate the glass. You never know. You do also rummage through. You find another unbroken-- the glass itself is cracked a little bit, but it's still intact-- what appears to be a small brown, silver and gray layered liquid. It's like three different layers that are all sediment and separate from each other, based on how it's been laying there. It's got layers of brown, silver and grey. Kind of. And then as you push the last of the coins in this hole that you've made in the side of the wall to hide it out of the way, you do also find at the very bottom of this what looks like an old book of some kind, like a tome, it's about this big with a heavy thick leather binding around it. You look through and as you open it up, the words are scrambled and, as you focus for a second, they seem to reassemble them in Common. And as you read through, the first page has a large title across the top that says "Tome of Leadership and Influence." There are no pictures, it is pure text. Your favorite. It's interesting. You look at the pages, and the lines don't make sense to you but for some reason you understand the gist of what the content is. It goes beyond the barrier of language and, for a second, it's almost like there are pictures, but the pictures are assembled by a bunch of tiny lines in a row and different shapes that show you what it means! Leadership and Influence. If you guys want to take the evening to kind of look over these items, you could probably discern most of the nature of them. You get to the point where you guys, late into the night, have carved away roughly 40 functional pounds of hide before you're exhausted. You're exhausted and there's still plenty of hide to pull off of, but it would take you a week and you can notice the more you go, the scent is changing. It's almost like the acidic contents of the body are beginning to accelerate decomposition. It is actually, essentially, now that the body is no longer living, the acidic bile that it usually utilizes as a weapon is slowly consuming its remains. So whoever wants to carry that, because it's got to be carried, because the Bag of Holding is full. The biological bag holds 100 pounds. Okay, so there you go. So 40 pounds of black dragon hide. The Bag of Colding. The bag itself weighs five pounds to her, but can contain 100 pounds. So, as you guys work through the evening, who's looking over which items? Who's looking over the book? There is the vase for Grog-- There are various basic weapons in there, but nothing that comes across as anything beyond well-crafted weaponry that was gathered. There are a couple. A lot of them have been dinged up and wrecked but there are two regular shortswords that seem to be functional and not damaged too heavily. Okay. So two shortswords. So, Percy? The level of broken that Bad News is would require a workshop of some kind. Even just basic blacksmithing tools-- Okay, if you guys want to go and rest in the house, then that's doable. Okay, all of you hop into Scanlan's Mordenkainen's Magnificent Mansion. Get yourself a delightful chicken dinner. No, your strength's pretty high. You can rock climb. Climbing is, yeah. (laughs) As you all find yourselves to rest within the confines, the comfortable confines, of Scanlan's mansion, Percy, I want you to go ahead and make a tinkering check. It's proficiency bonus, plus your dex for the purposes of fixing this. 20, okay. It takes you most of the evening. You'll rest up but we'll say for the purposes of this you've only regained two hit dice for the evening's rest, of your spent hit dice. Yeah. Any that you've used, if you used any, you don't recover any but two. Normally you'd recover half of your unused hit dice right now. The gun is fixed, the materials that you were required to use will cost you half as much as the actual weapon is worth. Which, let me look at my list here for that-- It's going to come to roughly 400 gold in materials to repair. All right, so the evening's rest goes relatively uneventful. Okay! Vax? (laughs) Okay! Go ahead and make an investigation check! All right, it does not appear to be trapped, however it is locked. Right, on the lock you mean-- Ever so quiet, you make it into the room. Pull the door close to closed, but not entirely. You look up in what little bit of low firelight is coming from a distant fireplace in the far corner that's down to very, very simple embers, you see drifting in a semi-circle around the bed, ten spiritual servants, all arms crossed, just staring right at you-- You are immediately pulled off of the bed, slammed onto the ground on the floor-- --as all the spirits hold you down. No. No, because the moment that you go ahead and splash the water and go towards her, they're on top of you, this isn't about dodging-- Right. It was less of you trying to avoid and more to see if they could grab you. So you're vaulted off and slammed onto the ground and they're just holding you there. Not attacking you, they're just holding you-- One of the servants begins slowly going towards your foot and (sniffs). (laughter) Two of the servants take the boot from her and start putting it on your feet. Kind of polish it a little bit. They take it and they hold you down even still forcefully, grab your other leg and gingerly put the other boot on. Polish it-- (laughs) And you walk away. You hear a (stone shifting) shift as a third basement is created in the bottom of the mansion-- Another shake as a boiler room has now apparated right next-- It's not bad, actually. It's a fine natural hot spring, a comfortable hot tub temperature. So, ladies, you all convene in this beautiful hot, air filled with steam. There's a fountain in the corner with some rocks and some nice plants around the area. There's a beautiful giant portrait of Scanlan, nude, sprawled over a rock-- (laughter) No, no. It's decorative. As soon as you all sink in this moment, the door opens behind you as Percy and Grog come storming in. Pike jumps in-- All right, so you guys have made your way comfortable into the hot spring. Vex saunters over to you with a look of intention on her face. Big splash. Hot water across your face-- Servants come by and fill your goblets that they brought you, with wine, because, drinking in hot tubs, what could possibly go wrong? Do you have Water Breathing prepared? Or was this your Alter Self gills? So the sides of Keyleth's throat just sprout gills suddenly and naturally and she sinks underneath Grog pulls you out of the water and shakes you abruptly Back under. It's delicious. The ten servants watch the whole thing and just nod, well done. Yeah, Percy's in the water with you guys. Five pounds of gems. You just got Donald Ducked, guys! Who's going first? So, Keyleth. You go ahead and swim up, take some time back, rush forward, leap. Make an-- Correct. No, this is an athletics check. This is a jump, leap and-- She jumps into the air, seemingly weightless-- Turns into an almost literal cannonball, displaces enough water to the point where the actual water level in the hot spring, now, is about two inches lower than it was before-- Do you have your gauntlets on or not? So you're just like-- You're not wearing anything? So this strong, stout, powerful gnomish female form steps out of the water with these large gauntlets with an ogre face across the back. Looms up, gets a good distance, turns around, focuses, leaps. Make an athletics check. Amazing as your earth elemental form was, it displaced about the size an earth elemental would. Pike's much smaller form managed to displace about as much as an earth elemental would. Water goes flying out, spraying you guys. The water itself takes a while to actually calm down again-- Who's up next? All right, athletics check. So Scanlan doesn't sprint but gingerly jogs up to the side of the pool, leaps in the air. It sends waves out from each side and drenches all of you waiting on the side again-- (laughter) All right. Yep. Make an athletics check. 23, okay. So, as you land and hit the water, there's a momentary pause, a little (sploosh, explosion sound). A secondary explosion that sounds dulled and covered until it hits the air in a loud cacophonous (explosion sound). Water and smoke and pieces of metal go flying as the kettle is destroyed. You, Percy, suffer-- Yeah. 23 points of bludgeoning and piercing damage from shrapnel and pieces of metal that have just scattered across your chest but nevertheless, a very impressive display. The twins haven't gone. Okay, it's about 15, 20 feet up from the water's surface. Ceiling's right above you. You're having to hunch forward a little bit. As you leap off, make an athletics check. Make an athletics check for Trinket. Strength, yes. 16. As you hit the water, there's a (double splooshing sound) as a bear is suddenly placed magically into the water beneath you at the same velocity, causing the water itself to splash outward, in a large column, a spray that gently comes down around the sides of the initial splash. Impressive, a very impressive display. Trinket eventually comes out of the water. (growl, shaking coat sound) Shakes off. He takes it and smiles as the blood slowly runs from one nostril-- (laughter) He takes the gems in one hand, takes the towel, wraps it around as he steps out of the water with the other and makes his way outside of the spa. All righty. All right. You guys go, find your way to your respective rooms, rest for the remainder of the evening. Wake up to the smell of wonderfully cooked chicken wafting through the hallways of the mansion. The only person that has a unique evening's sleeping is Vex, who slides into her comfortable, silk sheet bed to a (sucking sound) to find some sort of now chilled but loosely room-temperature chicken paste-- And Trinket is all over that. Trinket is now just lapping it up from the inside of the bed-- Okay. All right. You all wake up. Breakfast is at your disposal. You begin to eat comfortably, you wash up, Vex-- Is there anything else you wish to achieve here or shall we continue with the rest of your journey? In the wee hours of the morning-- So-- So, what else? (laughter) Scooping mayonnaise out of a jar. Saddest Winnie the Pooh ever-- Well, less drinking. More like applying. Yeah, it's an oil. I would not recommend drinking it. You. Yeah. I would say, for the purposes of the travel, because you guys had a few days' travel from the actual Sphinx's lair, towards Westruun when you were travellng back, you had the opportunity to use Greater Restoration to get rid of it. Yeah, in that time. Then you could have said no and kept it as you go. If you wanted to take in your nice salt and pepper-- Would you want to maintain your little creeping Reed Richards going on at the sides there? Slightly. I know. All right then. Anything else? (laughs) All right. You guys finish your breakfast, make your way outside of the mansion, back into the dragon's den. Is there anything else you wish to do before you leave? As you can only take the amount of gold that you retrieved, and the items you could farm, the rest will have to be left behind, hopefully to be retrieved at some point down the line by either the remnants of Westruun or yourselves. Okay. Cool. Make a perception check. Did you take perception as one of your-- Oh, then yeah. Okay. You take the boots and you put them on and immediately, there's a heart there. And you're like (pained) hmm. That probably means she loves me. Yeah. At first you're like, sh-- oh no, it's cool. All right, you guys are back in the dragon's lair. Is there anything else you wish to do? Make your way back through the tunnel that you had carved before-- Thankfully, through magic healing and other means there was no scarring. The tattoos and beard that were partially destroyed-- Yeah, the beard's a little bit reduced from the sheer volume of acid that was thrown at your face but since healing magic was applied shortly thereafter, the little bit of the beard that began to singe, it stopped that process. So you still have some facial hair, just may have to grow back to its full majesty-- Draconic. Okay. All right, so you get with her. You scribble onto the ground what that phrase would look like. You go ahead and copy that and you embed it permanently and immediately into the side of the stone. All righty. You guys make your way down Gatshadow, through the Bramblewood Forest to Westruun itself. As you hit the base of the mountain, start getting towards the edge of the forest, you see a pillar of smoke rising up from that direction-- A relatively thick pillar of smoke, a few actually. All right. You guys rush through the remainder of the Bramblewood, come out into the field and are met by what looks like a series of fires that are out in the open field, north of Westruun, not within the actual city. You see these are pyres. The dead of the Umbrasyl battle have been set aflame, being given off the proper heroes' sending. It is a standard after-battle remembrance of those who fell for the herd. You see standing amongst them the twelve surviving members of the battle, many of them pretty badly scarred from the encounter but alive, nonetheless. Bandaged and kind of taking a moment of silence. You do see of that group, as well, Zanror and Worra are there. They haven't noticed you yet. And standing behind them all, one large aimless stone golem with a big chain hanging out of its chest, just standing there. Yep. His mate, Worra. Yeah, they're both next to each other and as you get closer you notice most of them have gathered their belongings. They have travel packs. They have taken sacks and whatever they could to bring whatever belonged to them and it looks like they are getting ready to move. You see Shale a bit behind them, as well, who has also taken some small supplies with her one good arm and putting it over her shoulder and tying it to her armor before she grabs her staff again. So you walk over to Zanror and Worra. Zanror looks over to you as you approach, his arm still around Worra's shoulder. "It's good to see you survived, Grog." "As Shale told us. 'The Bearded King,' she said." He gives you a look, and looks to Worra, looks to her belly-- --and goes, "Appreciate that. We'll take what we can." "I will." "Do you want to come with us? We know we cast you out once, but we're not like that "anymore. The herd's dead. We go to find prosperity with the Rivermaw. A people we wronged and we're "probably going to spend some time making it up to them, for my father's infractions. You're one of "us now, and we'd be honored to have you." "I understand. Well. I'm not very good at these parting pleasantries." He puts his arm out. MATT and Yeah, a little bit, little bit. "You be safe. You find your way, head north of the Silvercut. You're always welcome in our tents." He goes ahead and takes up his bags. Shale takes up her staff, comes up to you, and "We'll "see each other again, Grog. Of this I'm sure." As you're doing that she smacks you on the nose with the staff. "I'll be fine." And she walks away with a smile on her weathered, crooked face. Zanror yells out, "Come! We move west." Everyone turns their heads and gather their things and they walk by. As all the soldiers walk by, those wounded and not, to each of you they bow their heads in respect. And you swear you hear a couple of murmured "thank you" as they all solemnly make their way out west, away from Westruun. Mm-hmm. Zanror turns to you, and says, "There's very little in our lifestyle that really has use of "this coin, just enough to make it from place to place if need be. Besides, occasionally we need "supplies, something to trade with. I'm not like my father. This I've learned in recent months." "Hm." Looks to Grog. "Your family as well." Turns around and continues to walk. As you guys make your way-- uh, where are you heading? It is, yes. Your gold is not there. (groaning) Okay. (laughing) But what you do notice, ironically, while the gold is still there, it's scattered about. Because there's been an explosion where the gold was left behind. Nearby, there is a groove in the dirt that is dragged on for about four, five hundred feet, before there appears to be a body at the edge. No, it's not. It's the gentleman who disappeared as you let him out of prison. (shouting) Oran Blackfoot. As soon as you guys left, he seized the opportunity. (laughter) Okay. Okay. As you guys are taking this break, Vex, you notice a small group of individuals walking from the town in your direction. Make a perception check. Okay. You glance over and, best you can make out, some appear to be armored, some appear to be just carrying sacks and goods. There's a cart being dragged behind with two beasts of burden affixed to the front, a set of horses, and at the front of them you see a human male wearing chain mail with a heavy shield to one side, walking up and approaching. He's mid to late 40s, big black- and gray-streaked beard pulled into two points, wild crazy-looking dark hair, also gray streaked. Sun-dappled nose. He walks up with his hand in the air. Can we go ahead and have our guest enter? We had to have a hot spring episode. That's fine. Patrick Rothfuss, joining us today! So, as you're walking up from the city of Westruun, carrying behind you the group of eager-to-leave refugees that have gathered around you, you notice the burning spires, and you see the remnants of the horde leaving westward behind the group of heroes that you all had feared had gone to the top of the mountain to meet their doom. They stand before you alive and resting, and as you approach to hail them, one of them, the half-elf female, hails you. In town, there's probably a couple hundred that are scattered throughout. Most of them have left, the party has sent them out, but many individuals that they didn't get to have still been holed up in their homes. You have with you right now 20 people, and these are the folks that have congregated around you to figure out a plan of what to do. They look younger than you. They look like a bunch of young upstarts, for the most part. They're puppies, but looking close up, you can see weathered experiences in their eyes. From your perspective? Yeah. Who's just roughly past your knee. A tiny, hunched over gnomish gentleman, a little absent-minded but friendly enough, keeps to himself. You may both make insight checks. Excuse me for just a minute. Yeah. And the people that have gathered around you are people that have been around you most of the time you've been in the city, or at least have known you long enough to the point where they themselves are also like-minded, so you can trust most of the folks that have walked with you out towards the pyres. (laughs) Best that you can ascertain, a lot of people are scared because they were separated from their families. A large bulk of people left south to Kymal, which is the nearest township to Westruun that feasibly could take in refugees. They left directly after the dragon attack, even before the herd was there. When the herd came in, the maybe ten percent, 15 percent of people that stayed behind were then captured, some of them were killed as they fought back, many were enslaved and brutalized, and a number of them did escape thanks to this group's efforts. So I'd say those that are left behind, they're eager to see their families. They're probably eager to leave for the time being. Some of them do want to stay just because they're stubborn, but the majority seems interested in not being in a place that could be a target for more dragon attacks, as rumors have come back that there is more than just the black dragon, and many of them recall the red, the green, and the white that came with the initial onslaught that tore through the city. Or it would've been the green and the white. A number of them can, yeah. Some of them were there for general visual support, carrying things forth and stewards that have taken up arms because they have to, but you're essentially the strongest of a group of relatively capable individuals. Yeah, based on the description they've said and the sheer volume that's there, they end up taking four carts that are capable of doing a somewhat treacherous mountain journey with the strong individuals you send up as well. I don't know if you wanted to go up with them or stay behind. Unfortunately, anybody with any modicum of arcane practitioning capability left. As soon as shit hit the fan, they were like, nope! Well, the basilisks were far south. That was in the Frostweald. As far as you know, they were nowhere near the Bramblewood, thankfully. Kymal. Amelia. Where Reginald is? Yeah. Okay. It's directly west of the town, so it's pretty much south of where you guys are currently standing, because the drop point was northwest of the city. He is still affixed. You know of Amelia, though you-- No, you did see her last night. You hadn't seen her in a while. She was one of the people that was still in the town. She was peripheral to the battle with the dragon, but fled as soon as she saw it. Unfortunately, dragons have that effect on people. She was a little shamed by it, but you calmed her down. But you do know that she's safe and reachable. Yeah, it's been almost two days since the initial encounter. Okay. You guys make your way towards town. The largest concentration of survivors that you've been keeping tabs on actually aren't that far from Wilhand's home, in the area where most of the temples are constructed, which is generally considered one of the oldest and most protected areas of Westruun. There are two inns that are basically now ramshackle homes for sleep. There's bedspreads across the entire floor, all the tables and chairs have been moved out, and it's now just a giant room where people who had their homes destroyed come and sleep, not because it's comfortable, but because there's comfort and safety in numbers. People have gathered what belongings they still had that are worth anything or they might need for a journey. Many of them are still gathering bits of dried food and fruit and whatever, preparing for whatever the next step of their travels may be. But you probably have the bulk of the people in the town, other than a few older, very stubborn folks that are like, "I'm going to stay in my home!" The folks that stayed at Mt. St. Helens, where you're like, come on, guys, seriously? (laughter) There's always some. But yeah, so as you approach and the door swings open to the first tavern, as you introduce them too, a few of the folks perk up. A few children who couldn't sleep look over. Two of the kids that recognize you run up, "Uncle Kerrek!" They run up and grab the side of your legs. Your chain mail clanks and you pick them up. Wilhand is not amongst this group. Wilhand probably stayed safe within his home, which kept him safe up to this point, so far. Looking about, yes, you do see Amelia. She is asleep right now, though. You see her. She's asleep. It's later in the day from the travel, you guys went down the mountain to even get here after you woke up in the morning. You spent most of the day getting back to Westruun, so you're getting pretty close to sunset. The group has been set off for the evening's travel toward the top of Gatshadow. She appears to have fallen asleep early. Oh yeah. And with each chain of that word spreading, the energy immediately lifts up within the room, and the building adjacent, and folks that were either resting or in a state of perpetual anxiousness suddenly brighten up, even with the dirt-smeared faces, you can see smiles poking out as people begin coming into the room to see those who slew the dragon that threatened them. People start coming up and shaking your hands, individuals who haven't seen you guys for years, people that lived down the street and gave you a passing hello in the younger days of your youth, are now coming up to you with a look of absolute appreciation and thanks. Just as that energy picks up, the wine and the ale begin to go throughout the area as stores of them beneath the taverns that were not found by the herd, as there were only so many members of the herd and a larger number of actual inns and taverns throughout the town, people start grabbing cups. Even some of the kids start coming up with cups, and the parents are like, "Hmm, a little." It's New Year's, you can have a sip. Without much worry at that point, everyone's getting nice and liquored up, and happiness has ensued. Some folks pull out some meager instruments. There aren't a lot of extremely practiced bards, so your ears tweak a little at the sound of imperfect music, but there is honesty and joy coming from it, so you choose not to lend any sort of constructive criticism to the performers. (laughter) Yeah, not a worry. Go ahead and make a perception check. 32? All right. You look about the sky. It is clear. The dark clouds that had loomed towards the top of Gatshadow have since blown away. The starry night sky now spreads infinitely above you, and for the first time in a long time, knowing that the immediate danger is no longer chasing you, you take a minute to appreciate the sheer beauty of the view that Westruun always had. This brief moment to allow yourself to exhale helps remind you what all this is worth, and the importance of moments like this. You can hear the laughter behind you within the inn. You can hear the music. You can hear the kids chuckling and telling jokes. People clinking glasses together. And in this tiny little microcosm of a moment here, you let yourself silently smile, and really know what all of this is worth. You do. As you guys are having this conversation, Kerr walks over with a rosy grin on his face. You guys pass Vex as she steps back into the tavern, passing you guys. As you step outside with Kerr, the cold night air comforting to you, hitting your face, hitting your lungs. It helps the breathing slow, and you have a moment of control over your emotions. As he brings you into a warm hug, and at first, there is the resistance because this is a person you don't know. A little wonky due to the drink, due to not concentrating. However, as much as you travel with your friends, this stranger has seemingly come to you with more wisdom and understanding of your continuous predicaments than anybody has in a long time, if at all, and you give into the hug and realize just how nice it is to have somebody understand. Sorry. Somewhere in that neighborhood. He brings you in. Gets you another drink. Oh, perfect. All right. They are enraptured. Amelia has woken up due to the sound and noise, and she's wandering about with a drink in her hand now. "Hi, yes! Thank you again for releasing me from the terrible stocks. I really appreciate "that. Thank you for everything you've done for Westruun." "We're meager folk. We come from very simple roots. I--" And she takes a big, long sip of her flagon, sets it down on the table and wipes her mouth. "Truth be told, I-- as soon as I saw that "dragon, I ran straight away. I didn't-- You guys are the heroes. I didn't do anything." "Yes. Have you seen him?" There's recognition in her eyes. Her head pulls back a bit. Her expression goes stoic as she sinks in the wordless reality that you've just bestowed upon her. (long pause) "That sounds like Dad." Wipes her eyes. "What faith do you belong to?" "Then, for the night, as do I." She reaches over and takes her flagon, and the tears are streaming down her face in spite of her smile, and she looks to you both, and looks to you. "To "Reginald. To Dad." And she starts weeping into her hands. She looks up for a moment. "How? How did-- they took everything." "This could help a lot of us. Okay." (deep breath) "We'll take care of each other. I think that's what he'd want." She grabs her flagon again and takes a big old sip, sets it down. Her eyes are dried a little bit. She wipes the last away. She laughs and drinks of it again. Definitely embraced the idea that she's going to get really drunk tonight. She begins joining in, singing with the music. And the rest of the party picks up as the celebration once again fills the air. The rest of the folks gathering around. (birds tweeting) Don't know why there were birds in that track. (laughter) There will be a lot of partying through the night, so probably it's an eventuality. However, we will take this moment to take a quick break to the restroom. We will return here for the next bit of this adventure, so we'll be right back here in a few minutes, guys. Stick around. (cheering) [break] You all slept in after what happened. You did. So as you all come around to the breakfast morning, food is being cooked up within the kitchen by some of the various villagers that have taken up to help out with what they can in the area. You start realizing that Vax is nowhere to be found and as this conversation begins to progress, he eventually finds you guys and waltzes into the groaning room of semi-conscious Westruun denizens. The jug is now filled with water to the top. It is saltwater. There are a few folks that are probably still sleeping off the drinking, but I'd say the majority of the folks have woken up in various states of grogginess. Okay. It's just kind of makeshift. However, whoever who once ran this place is no longer here, probably left with the first or second wave of evacuees. Everyone here is just kind of doing their part to keep it going. Yeah. There's an older woman who did not drink but just was around last evening who's done most of the cleaning-- and even though there's no reason to clean, she's still just kind of going through the motions of wiping down the counters and putting things away properly. "Yes?" "A town meeting? What for?" "All right." "All right, I'll get the word out." And she puts away a couple of towels and grabs a couple of people near her, and the three of them saunter out into the main walkway. No. But also, how much did you drink last night? So, how much-- how drunk were you? Especially while drinking. You find your way back to your forge, which is still functional. It was not one of the buildings that fell on the initial attack. You heat it up late into the evening. It doesn't require a lot because it's smaller work. Go ahead and make a blacksmithing check with your proficiency bonus. Plus, with this, it would be dexterity. Because it's very, very minute work. You could. Yes! You can very much do that. Drunken Scanlan limerick, here we go! Go and take your d10 inspiration dice, if you want to add that to the roll. Plus your dex bonus. 16. That's not bad. It's not the finest craftsmanship in the world, and what once was a very, very beautifully detailed sheath to a weapon now has a somewhat hammered, dented element to it that you probably want to hide with a silk or something. It's an imperfection in what was a previously a perfect element, but it is functional. It is a small compartment that actually has a tiny metal slot that can be moved closed or open with your thumb. It's functional. It's not pretty, but it is functional. It does help, actually. Glancing at it this moment now, and it's about midday, you concentrate on what you left behind. You have a brief view, a small windowed view of the kitchen before you. It seems to be currently empty. But still standing. You do notice, in the sink there are some fresh dishes. (laughs) It's an important distinction. There's a parchment that's just nailed to the outside of the keep. At least it's good calligraphy. All right, so unless you have anything else to prepare in this time, most of the townsfolk are beginning to converge towards the square in the central-southern region of Westruun where you had the showdown battle with Kevdak outside of the Margrave's home. The now deceased Margrave. Everyone seems to have gathered together and there is an air of tension. As you approach, as folks are muttering to themselves, then it gets quiet as you all step into the central area. There is still-- it's been pulled over, it was partially damaged before, but there is a large elevated platform that was used for speeches or celebration elements that has been, for the time being, fixed to allow you guys to stand up if you wish to address the rest of the folks. Another day or two before they arrive, yeah. Kymal. It's smaller than Westruun. (horn noise) Everyone gets really quiet. The two of you step up onto the platform-- (laughs) It gets quiet. Everyone gets quiet. You hear one voice in the back go, "That's my "Pike!" As you immediately look over, you see at the far end is Wilhand, leaping up, trying to get a view between the crowd. Everyone's quiet, looking at the two of you, now on top of this platform. Which puts you just over head height from the rest of the folks, by the way. There's a cheer (crowd cheers), clapping-- Some murmuring. (whispering and murmuring) Whispers through the crowds. One gentleman takes the stage next to you guys, man in his younger 20s, kind of soot smeared on his cheeks. Looks like he's a little weathered by the experience. Even though he looks young and thin, there is a general hardness to his face from recent experiences. He kind of raises up, looking at the both of you, below him "I, for one, miss my family and have no home to go back to. And the the homes that are empty in this "town right now are empty because those who lived there are now dead. There are ghosts here I "wish not to see every morning when I wake up. If I'm going to live here, I want to return with "those that are important to me and build a new home, over the old. Now is not my time to stay. "Especially if more of those things are coming back. If anyone wishes to come with me to Kymal, please, "stand with me." And he steps off the stage and make his way to the right side of the stage. Everyone in the crowd looks to each other, and few folks begin filtering off and gathering around him. I'd say about a third to half of the crowd begins to shift over as another person steps up right next to you guys, actually. This is a woman in her late 40s or so. She's wearing relatively nice clothing that's been kind of torn apart through constant use and not really having an option to change into. She looks like she came from money, but has definitely been pulled down to the same level as the rest of the folks here; they're living in destitution out of necessity. Her hair's trying to be pulled up into a bun, but a lot of it is kind of falling around her face, and she's keeping this kind of poor facade of her previous life. And she stands up "I myself, my family's history is here in this town and I would be remiss if I didn't express my "hesitation in leaving that behind, for the next roving horde of barbarians to rush in and take "from us while we're away. Especially if this gold is to be retrieved, how do we know how much of that "is to be distributed? How much was my family's versus yours? If we're to divide ourselves at this "point, we're leaving ourselves open to inner conflict, lest we have a very clear idea where "these funds are going. And I, for one, want to make sure I have a home when my family returns. So "I'm not leaving. I'm not going to come back here months down the line and find four layabouts "living in that home, made a complete mess of our things, and telling us it's now theirs. Those who "wish to stay, stand with me." (harrumphs) And she walks offstage, to the side-- "Thank you. What?" You hear, "Hmph!" Make a persuasion check with advantage. There is a silence in the crowd and people have stopped shuffling from side to side. Some of the folks on the side of the gentleman began to shift back and people tend to stand up. And even the gentleman who was standing at the opposite side kind of ponders for a moment "Well, regardless of what "happens, we have to get word out. We have to let our loved ones know what has happened, and that "it's safe to come back. If you indeed can help us set this about, I'm confident we can keep out "of sight. At least, hopefully." Some claps and a few folks kind of agree and nod their heads. The gentleman that you've been talking to kind of looks at you and he's very intently engaged and nodding in agreement. And the people eventually raise their arms, "To Westruun!" "To Westruun!" (laughter) No, she summoned a Planar Ally. That one was-- That spell was expensive. That was Planar Ally-- Depends on how long you want it to stay. So a task measured in hours requires a thousand gold per hour. A task measured in days requires 10,000 gold per day-- Mind you, these entities can do some crazy stuff. One man in the front, an old friend of yours, his name is Joseph, puts his hand up, "Kerrek! Of which mind are you? Are you staying or are you going? Are you going to escort, go along "as an escort with this woman, or are you staying to protect us? Where you walk, I walk." "What we need is a decision." Make a persuasion check. Everyone in the crowd seems to nod, and the gentleman kind of nods his head to you, "All right." (laughter) There's a few nods of agreement that spread through the crowd, and actually, the folks on the left side, with the woman that seemed to building tension and arguing amongst themselves over the ideas of that, seem to quiet a bit at you taking up that position. You guys notice this, too; there's a general respect for Kerrek that other folks don't seem to carry in this community. Everyone nods in agreement. "Well, I have no objections!" "Neither do I." The woman on the other side. (huffs) "Well, have no other choice, do we?" Everyone nods, and they look up to the rest of you. Look to you. "Then let's begin building." She's still looking up, kind of by herself in the crowd, clapping off to the side as you approach. "Yes? Hi." "I can see the similarity, yes." "I'll come with you. I'd like to see him one last time. We have no family plot. We were meager "folk. But he spent most of his life working in that field. I think it's only fitting that's where "he spends the rest of his days. Show me." And as you guys begin the building process, she follows you out to the field where she is shown the body of Reginald, and she takes a moment of quiet with him, and cradles his body. But there's a smile on her face, and she says thank you for letting her say goodbye face to face. With your help, you both bring the body back to the farmhouse where you had first met, and you spend the rest of the day interring his body within the hillside that is buttressed against the actual farmland that he tilled. "It's all right. He did good." "Let's go ahead and make sure the rest of these folk have more to look forward to, shall we?" She looks at you for a second, and you can see she takes a general scope of your expression and your emotional state, and even for a young girl, she has a stronger insight than you expected, and she puts her arm out and touches your shoulder and says, "You carry too much "sadness with you. You've done a lot of good. Let yourself-- Let yourself understand and accept the "fact that you've done a lot of good." And she starts walking back towards the town. All right. Now. You guys begin the process of building this subterranean bunker. You take the first day, scanning through as a group, clearing out whatever creatures lurk beneath the city. Nothing of severe threat lies down there to your power level, and you know, what once was a threat to you guys long ago, within the period of a day, you've cleared out a very, very sizable portion of the sewer system. And because it's been empty for quite a while, it's also not in a very terrible state either. I mean, it still needs to be cleaned, but that's also the specialty of those who can control water and air, let alone reinforcing the stonework that keeps the walls themselves sturdy, strong, able to support any heavy weight on the surface. Within the next couple days, you guys continue the reinforcing process. People begin actually moving their supplies down underground and begin taking bits of furniture and elements that would at least make life down there more comfortable, or at least, a ghost image of some of the life they lived above. Because when you're down there, the comforts are what keep you going. But the people seem, as more and more of it comes together, folks genuinely begin to get a little excited at the idea of having a safe place to live for a while. And you feel like this is doing some good for these folks at the very least. Whenever you guys would like to take your journey-- Certainly. Okay, and this catches your attention too, because as pragmatic an individual as Percy is, this is a strangely artistic endeavor of his point, at least the intent behind it. At this moment, you look down and notice that, while you guys were having this talk, a small child has walked up to the wall and where Percy has stopped the carving, the child has picked up a piece of wayward chalk that was on the ground and has begun to draw little stick figures on the wall where you stopped. And in a little bit of the quiet, he stops and looks up over his shoulder at the two of you and smiles, and then just goes back to writing on the wall. This is up to you guys. The Kymal journey-- Well, not according to druidic spells. Which is what I assumed you were referring to about instantaneous travel. Well, you would have to contact an arcane practitioner. If you would like to. Okay. So, Scanlan, Pike, and Keyleth, you're going with them? Mist form, you'd get there in under a day. So what are you doing? All right. She finds one of the surface trees just outside of the sewage system. As she touches her hands to its bark, the bark cracks and splits open, revealing the doorway behind it, about five foot of internal wood tunnel leads to an opposing side that opens into what immediately is a tent city on the outside walls of Kymal. You guys quickly step through with the moments you have before the portal slams shut. You do get a little tag from Pike right before it shuts. You guys are now standing on the outside of a small cluster of trees outside of Kymal. The mountain range behind it, you can see, there are hundreds and hundreds of people that are displaced in the outside of the city in tents. They have, actually, yes. There's a high five tag to Keyleth as Pike jumps through, and before it slams shut, Kerr goes, "Wait!" and jumps through after. All right. You guys begin to make your way from tent to tent, finding individuals, many of which you recognize. Some have recognition of you, and there's a brief little discussion of what's happened, what's transpired, and you tell them of the fall of Umbrasyl, of the herd being sundered and sent westward, and making sure, as Scanlan would, that Vox Machina is responsible. Indeed. There is no central guidance here. The Margrave Tumner Wann, who runs Kymal, does occasionally come out to check up on people. It's not like they're being kept out of the city forcefully. There's just no room for them. They've taken in as many refugees as they can, and then everyone else on the outside is being helped to the best of their ability, but they're very thin on resources. They've sent trade wagons out to Stillben, even southward, they sent some over into the Verdant Expanse to hopefully trade with Syngorn. There have been people that have been trying to help where they can. However, most of the people outside are still beginning to starve a little bit. A lot of the beasts of burden have been converted into food out of necessity, so there's a lot of empty carts and wagons around. People are in this holding pattern, waiting to hear any news. And the news that you bring does bring hope to the eyes of those that do speak with you. Okay. The classiest of magic practitioners, Scanlan Shorthalt. You do so. Like spackling a wall, you fill the compartment affixed within the scabbard without issue. Anyway. Many folks are now considering returning. Some folks speak of another group of people that are over by the Foramere Basin. They're going to go ahead and send people over there to give word. Some people are asking to see if their family members are okay, and you don't know everyone's name there, but you tell them there are survivors. Most of the people you talk to are intent on returning, because this living situation is only going to be so good for so long. This is very true. Yeah. I mean, there is disease, as tends to happen when you have people who are displaced and clustered like that in sub-par living conditions, but no major pandemics that are kicking through the people there. The people who are sick are being tended to, and there are people who are medically practiced, or at least herbalists and such, that can help with that. You find a slight group of trustworthy individuals that you know would do well and understand the process, and with the mere inclusion of a few thousand gold, would be more than enough to be able to purchase from the interior of Kymal enough oxen, horses, and other beasts to bring most of the current carts back with you. That was the only real barrier, because Kymal was like, "We can't help you guys "for free." Now there's gold, people are like, "Oh! Well, let's talk." Charity only goes so far. But you do feel through this trip that you've definitely made an impact, and most of the people, at least over the next week or so, will be outfitted with the proper materials, food for the journey, and be able to make their way back towards Westruun. Go ahead and make an investigation check. Okay. As you walk with him, within mere hours, almost like you picked up the scent on a hunt, you see a glimmer of short, dark hair, and you glance over, and sure enough, there is Kaylie, who is currently holding over her shoulder Dr. Dranzel, who is limping alongside her. You can go and ask. They're walking across the street. They haven't noticed you yet. There's a stop, and Kaylie turns her head. She drops Dranzel's arm and rushes forward and gives you a hug. And then lets go after a second and pushes away. "Glad to see you survived. That's good." "He's got a foot infection, nothing too great to look about." You look down and his left foot is all swollen. He's like, "I've had worse!" "Please. Be my guest." As the half-orc grins with his hat still floppy on his head, he presents his horrible foot that gives off a delightful smell of putrescence. It's easy enough for you to cleanse elements of disease with minor healing. We'll say for the purposes of this, through a couple of low-level spells you're able to pretty much take care of his foot entirely. He's like, "That's incredible! I mean, if you ever need a traveling troupe, we're "always looking for someone to keep us on the up and up! Can you cure hangovers?" "Well, hang with me, young Pike!" While this is happening, you turn to Kaylie. She shushes you. Puts her finger up and shushes you, then steps up and looks at you. The hardness in her face softens, and there is a little bit of tears gathering at the edge of her eyes when she says, "Don't you die. You stay alive." "You're. Not. Going. To die. You're going to go do your stupid world-saving mission like you "told me, and you're going to come back, and we're going to have a lot to talk about." "All right. Can you do that for me?" "I'll hold you to that." She takes it and looks at it and goes, "Are you sure this wasn't for someone else?" She puts it on. "I don't know what to say. I'll start with thank you. Well, I feel pretty well protected." "I don't know, you've done quite a bit of work in even these past few weeks. Vasselheim. "I'll talk it over with the doctor. See what he's interested in. You promised." She reaches up and grabs your shirt and gives you a kiss on the forehead. And then pushes you away and says, "Get out of my fucking face." Turns around and walks back towards Dr. Dranzel. "But she's not done! You're sticking with us, right?" "Oh, I know. I'm just-- I try." "I don't know! I figure we can-- based on what we're hearing around here, folks are heading "back to Westruun. They probably need some cheering up on the road. From there, who knows? Actually, "I've never been to Marquet before, but I'm thinking--" At this point, Kaylie comes up and goes, "Let's have a talk. I'm feeling a bit of religion coming on. Perhaps we should look further "west. Northwest. Vasselheim. Not a lot of music in those parts. They'll be willing to pay for that, I "assume." He's like, "Vasselheim? It's cold there, isn't it? Let's get some furs." They both start walking away from you guys. She looks at you guardedly and takes your hand. "As I've heard of you. He made a promise." "Thank you." They keep walking. So, with the money dispersed, the group having a returning sense of hope, with materials, goods, food being redistributed amongst the refugees, it appears there is a direction for the future of Westruun that you've set into place. As you guys gather the rest of your things, Keyleth, you take an evening's rest with the troupe, and the next morning return back to Westruun. Easy enough to do while they're out and about taking their rest with the group in Kymal, while you guys are still helping rebuilding. So yes, go ahead and make a stealth check. What's your passive perception? You hear a few very, very faint, very familiar steps come across the stones behind you. All right. As you guys spend the next few days together, forming what is a fairly functional stronghold, for at least the necessary needs of protecting a fair amount of refugees beneath the northern area of Westruun, you feel confident that with the folks that are here and the folks that are coming, there's enough of a community building now where it may not be absolutely necessary for your perpetual oversight and presence, should you have business elsewhere. Anything else you wish to take care of before you continue your journey? You're going on the better part of two weeks since the initial dragon attack. A little over two weeks, maybe, by now. So the box itself is wooden, but there is fresh, living ivy curled across it with a few bursts of beautiful red flowers on each side. The flower of Westruun would actually be the white iris, which grows around the western side of it. No. As you read the scroll, glance over it, and you may have seen this entity walking in their vicinity once or twice during the time you met them. It is a 12 foot tall stone golem. It is explained in this that with the use of this circlet, you have control over this creature. You do. As you guys break your hug, you look down. As you step away and turn back to the wall, which is mostly done carving with the names and the story bits you and Percy have been working on during this time, that child has returned, and is still drawing with the chalk, and as you look down at the stick figures, you can see one with antlers, two that are smaller than the others, one that is larger than the rest, burlier, thicker around the chest, one that you can barely see, and one that flies across them all on a broom. And then, at the very end, just finishing, one with funny glasses. The kid stands up and looks at it once and goes, "It's done!" And then runs off. Much better drawn than the rest of them. (laughs) So what's your next step? You have many avenues at your disposal. You have to come up with some central choice here. There's also Whitestone, which you guys haven't been to in a while yet to check in with anybody. There's definitely where all the Vestiges are currently held. There is all those locations. So what is your next step in the journey? To where? What is your next plan of action? The Feywild is ever-present, technically. It's another plane. There are many doors to the Feywild throughout the world. You just only know one. All right, so. As Keyleth pulls you aside. Indeed. Divine magic is permissible. The essence of pulling magic beyond the powers. It's the arcane practitioning that is frowned upon. It's not illegal. It's just generally frowned upon. But yes, as you step back to the surface beyond the subterranean personnel bunker that is now the sewage system of Westruun, you find yourself at a nearby tree. The doorway opens, and you all dart through into the cold, snow-dappled, cobbled streets of Vasselheim. And that's where we'll end tonight's game. Picking up next week, at that moment. Thank you guys so much, that was a great session! Dude, Patrick, thank you so much for joining us! Dude, our pleasure, man. Thanks for coming. And thanks Loot Crate, for deciding to sponsor us again! And thank you guys for being so supportive of us having sponsors now! It's really, really helpful. Yes, please, go for it! Exactly. You're fine. And what is your Twitter account, just so folks know?