Hello, and welcome to this evening's episode of Critical Role! We'll be with you in just a second. Unfortunately we're down a Travis Willingham tonight, but in Grog's stead we have the rest of the party venturing forth into the Emberhold after just recently discovering Lady Kima. We shall see what happens very shortly, but in the meantime, let's go ahead and give you guys some character backstory. We are missing him terribly. We'll see what terrors will transpire in his absence. However, though! We do have some fun things to announce real fast first off, we're still giving away promo kits for every 50 subscribers we get, so we'll be having those randomly drawn from everyone in the chat room every time 50 subscribers are joined to the channel, I guess you would say. Also, every ten subscribers we're giving away Steam keys for different games, so also cool giveaways, which is kind of fun. I want to take a moment also to mention our... charity, there, that's the word I was looking for, it's been a long day. (laughter) d10s, technically. No, you're right! I saw the wrong side of it, my apologies. Forget I said anything. Indeed. So fantastic. I may have some more stuff down the road we'll be able to talk about but in the meantime, let's go ahead and get everyone caught up to speed with what has transpired recently on Critical Role. So the party, to give you a quick overview for those who have just joined us, they were given a mission to seek out a female halfling paladin named Lady Kima of Vord, who had been missing, going on a vision quest, apparently seeking some deep, dark evil that had begun to simmer and grow beneath the dwarven city of Kraghammer. The party managed to make their way to the city, delve deep within its caverns to discover an entire series of caves, and what eventually led to the Underdark itself. A subterranean landscape of terror and darkness. After a series of battles with some duergar, which are kinda ashy-skinned evil dwarven offshoot people, characters, and a few brushes with some illithids or mind flayer creatures, they managed to befriend one, or I should say, ally with one named Clarota. Who has been traveling with them, who has apparently been kicked away from his society and wishes reentry to save them from the kind of ominous presence of this unseen, barely spoken entity called K'vorn. K'varn. (laughter) (laughs) I know. I know. (laughter) I know. But yes, so they have now, after a series of battles, found their way into the magma-covered, kind of obsidian jagged caverns where the Emberhold, the duergar fortress currently resides, where they believe Lady Kima was. Upon finding a way in, unfortunately announcing their presence to the fortress itself, they managed to find Lady Kima in a torture chamber beneath Emberhold, save her, slay her oppressor, and now they have, after a tenuous alliance was made-- as Lady Kima and their mind-flayer friend Clarota are very much at odds-- a very tenuous alliance was forged. And they now journey back up to the main basement floor, or main base floor of the Emberhold proper. And that's where we left off last time. So, hope you can absorb all that, guys. (laughs) Correct. You're trying to find, essentially-- Lady Kima has mentioned she wants to find the rest of her equipment that she says is either in an armory, or she mentioned a vault. And also she knows-- she mentioned something about vengeance to those who run the keep. So she stormed up. You've followed her back into the base floor of the Emberhold itself. You all currently are now back kinda where you started after you snuck into the side passage of the Emberhold. Certainly. Everyone go ahead and make an immediate perception roll. Later. Two? That's a fail! All right, so-- You've got to be ready! Okay. (laughter) Nearly at the ready. All right, so as you all take a moment and kind of steel yourselves, your ears perk up and you can hear what sounds like echoes of distant footsteps down hallways, far out of sight. You hear some movement across the stone ceiling above you that eventually comes to a stop. And you wait for about a minute, and the entire place is now in a very eerie silence. Kima turns to you, her eyes still peering back, and she's creeping towards the edge of the hallway. She looks back at you, briefly, and says, "I've only seen half of this stronghold before "they captured me. As far as I know, probably somewhere on the second floor." "The ground floor." "Apparently." There were stairs-- Right there? No. There were stairs going up in the first room you entered. Okay, go ahead and roll stealth. 29? All right. She begrudgingly steps back. You can see there's that eagerness to get in some sort of a fray or to feel somebody else bash along the side of this greatsword that she borrowed from you guys. She lets you pass. You creep up along the edge. As you do, you see-- back here there is, in the middle of this hallway, a series of doorways, and what looks to be a large room in the center of the chamber where two duergar currently stand. This is another hallway. No. It's pretty dark in here. Like, with low light vision, you're able to see maybe a good 30 to 40 feet ahead of you. There are a few of those red crystal clusters that give off a little bit of light, incrementally, but duergar themselves, you've gotten to the point where you see they like it very, very dark. They actually aren't needing light. This is more of a courtesy to guests they may have. All right. As you step past, you do see, this room here is a little ajar; the inside looks to be a storage room. There's just a series of boxes, barrels, and various-- All right, you glare down the side of this hallway. It leads to two other smaller rooms down the way, with a split towards the back end. There does not appear to be anybody visible in that hall. All right, so you go past this way. Now this hallway, there appears to be an opening to this room, no doorway. And this additional room, you do not currently see an entrance. I mean, there isn't a door in the way, it's just an opening. Perception roll. 20. You take a moment and listen. You hear what sounds like a light crackling of some sort of a fire? And the occasional dull ring of metal being hit against metal. All right. Peeking through, you do see, indeed, it is some sort of a smithy, with two kilns, or two anvils, set up, a work table in the center, and there is one lone duergar that, apparently, in the middle of his work, has not been paying attention to any of the ruckus going on around, and is just in the middle of hitting some sort of long, thick piece of black iron, and it's just, (ting ting), sweat dripping down the front of his brow, the room itself is-- even against the corner of the doorway, you can tell the temperature is a lot warmer on the inside. It's kinda to the side to you. He's currently looking-- working out the anvil, banging down. Yes. You haven't had a short rest yet, and you do-- You feel the oppressive force of Clarota's voice in your heads simultaneously say, "I can also accompany." All right, so mark off your next Invisibility spell. As you vanish, Clarota also kind of waves his hand for a moment, and his image disappears the same way Scanlan's did. Apparently. As you're humming to yourself-- You make your way down and eventually towards the back of where Vax is pressed against the-- Okay. All right. All right! Go ahead and roll for an attack! That's how you start the game. All righty. So go ahead and roll damage. This is a sneak attack, as he didn't-- it was not aware you were there. All right. You don't multiply the modifier. The modifier goes on at the end. So it's the dice roll plus your sneak attack, multiplied by two, and then the dex modifier at the end. Plus seven, I think, right at the end. And then add the plus seven at the end. Splitting hairs here! That's enough. So. So you hear this, 'Tink! Tink! Tink!' (pause) That's it. Without even a guttural noise, the dagger buries itself in the base of his skull. You see him just (grunts) and slump down to the ground. Kima at this point-- You can see her hand kind of tensing around the sword as she looks back at Grog, whose hands are also wringing his greataxe. "I want to kill something!" She kind of backs off to the side and sees the other duergar that are there. And she's going to go ahead and run around. You know you guys are telling a very, very angry woman right now to be patient. Doesn't seem to make a ruckus. Over to here? All righty. Trinket, who hasn't seen you in a while, is sticking to your back. Okay. Trinket is enjoying the petting. All right, so that duergar's down, the current armory section appears to be completely open and at your disposal. There are a series of partially made weapons kind of scattered in a pile. There are some ingots, and even some raw iron material in the far corner. Other than that, it just looks like your general smithing workshop. Kima is currently looking around this section with you guys. She glances around, goes and move some of the piles by, turning over the room as quietly as she can-- not as quietly as you'd like-- but quiet enough. "No. Nothing's here." She glares in the direction of your voice. "This will do me just fine for now!" "Right. Let's keep looking." She leaves the room. She starts heading down this way-- Okay. For everyone else, stealth check. Disadvantage on you, Pike, because of your heavy armor. Roll twice, take the lower. They're both concentration spells. You can have one or the other. Mage Hand isn't an actual object, unfortunately. Okay. And where are you casting it? Just in the middle of this hallway here? Here? There is no entrance to this room currently from what you can see. It's just a wall. There is a door on the opposite side. All right, so what was your stealth roll? 17. Roll for Trinket. Add his dex modifier. Trinket's dex modifier. All right, as you guys are making your way down the hallway, slowly-- You guys make your way down here. One of the duergar glances over-- -- utters something to the friend at his side and he goes-- Okay, Trinket moves past You move behind the bear? You are right there and they both see you As you're walking behind Trinket, all this transpires simultaneously. Right. And they saw the bear and then saw something move behind it. Their attention was got. They see you and they start walking towards-- However, as they pass there, you get one shot at this guy as he passes past you. Go ahead and make your attack. Okay. (laughs) Tiberius waves at them. Unfortunately, the space is a little limited for your size. You have to wait for the rest of them to let you by. You're a big cat right now. 15? 15 does barely hit. As you go ahead, move around the corner and fire. Two arrows? All right. Second one? Same guy or different targets? Both hit, go ahead and roll damage on both. Okay. So as you watch them both walk past you, one of them continues past with his hammer out, rushing towards whatever he sees moving at the end of the hallway, probably Tiberius after Trinket. The next one that comes past you, you reach around and just take your dagger and swing it across the back of his neck area. You manage to sever the base of the spine and he just crumples into a pile in front of you. The other one-- Damage? Both arrows impact his chest. The duergar steps back for a second, surprised by the moment, looks really furious and begins to step forward, his size enlarging. All right. Go ahead and make a stealth check to see whether or not he sees you. Not for this point. This is an active combat. Okay. So you still get the attack, but you don't have advantage, 'cause he's aware you're there. As he's running past you, he glances and sees you in the corner of his eye and is preparing for the blows. Go ahead and roll your attack. You're hitting it with the blunt. Go ahead and roll a d20 and add your strength modifier and four. All right, so go ahead and roll damage. It is a 1d4 plus your strength modifier. Correct, yes. Well, it's five on there, right? Okay, so that's five times two is ten plus one. 11 points of damage. Which will do it. As the duergar sees you, is rushing past with his hammer, about to fall back and swing at you, you rush out from behind the corner with the blunt end of your weapon and just whack him in the side of the temple. Unconscious on the ground. Alive but unconscious. He's incapacitated. If you'd like to? Okay. Pike walks up and grabs the back of the duergar's hair, holds it back and using the jagged edge of her mace of disruption, tears open the throat of the duergar, which then spills all this blackish ichor across the ground. Grog looks impressed but also slightly worried as the man who grew up alongside you. All right, so that happened. The leather armor that she wore is a full torso-covering leather armor piece, I apologize. Sorry, Scanlan. She is-- Yeah, which by the way, I mean, it's not just so much the fact that Pike did it, it's the fact that Pike did it by running a jagged, blade-edged mace across someone's throat. It was less of a slice and more of a-- We'll see. We'll find out. So, given this case, now the rest of the party is able to move forward. This hallway now, you can only see about that far down with the current light source. You can see Kima is now moving across-- She's wearing leather armor, she's not very noisy right now. Okay, as you do so she kinda stops and looks back over her shoulder and gives a begrudging nod. But you can see she's-- there's shaking, her hand holding the greatsword is currently shaking with rage. All right, so. Coasting down this hallway. It leads down to an open doorway and a closed doorway immediately to your right. And then the room to-- actually, the doorway's to your left, and to the right you see another wall to another room that you don't have a doorway currently available. Correct. Okay, go ahead and make a perception check. I'm gon' kill all you. You put your ear to the side, and you hear nothing. Okay. Yup. So the door itself does not appear to be trapped. It does appear to be locked, though. That's okay. It's a really, really, really crappy lock. You notice that the door itself, it has a locking mechanism on it. It was kinda half-locked, and as you push, it opens up, into a commode. There's nobody in there. It is a room with what looks almost like a bench, with a series of holes cut into the bench. It's a communal-- Okay. It's concentration for quite some time, I believe. Grog helps out. You guys move the two bodies slowly over into the restroom area. Okay, as they're both generally laying back, like they just got really drunk and barely found their way to the toilet. It's really rough blockage. Okay. All right, that's not a worry. You bring that up to that little area there. All right. You guys move forward to that. Grog has come over here to be able to help. Now, looking down this hallway, here you can see-- This side opens up-- Looking into this room, it appears to be a barracks. A room that is just filled with different beds, all apparently empty. From what you can see. Sure. So you slowly approach the door using your keen senses, which opens up this hallway a little bit visibly to you. You can see it goes back quite a bit. Sniffing this room, you can tell that there were duergar there recently. Apparently, at the moment, though, there is no immediate scent that matches a duergar. So the room, for the most part, has been completely evacuated. As you look to your right, this is a large foyer-type area with two red carpets that are rolled on the sides of it that lead to the front of the main double-sided, large ten-foot-tall stone doors of the front of the fortress. To your left, there is a double wooden door, about eight feet tall each side, about five feet wide, that are currently closed, leading into whatever this large chamber is immediately to your left. There are two doors, actually. Both closed. Make a perception check. Listening in, you don't hear any noise. All right. Listening in-- As you listen back, there is no noise internally, except for the slight squeak as you put yourself against the door. It shifts a little bit, making no noticeable noise, but it appears the doors are unlocked, or there is no lock. You're not hearing anything from inside that one door you're at. No, you hear no noise coming from that room. You have to have sight, unfortunately. I mean, you could peek very low. Okay. You open the door. It appears to be some sort of a guest bedroom. It's a singular bed that's in much better condition than the barracks, it's empty, it's well-made. It's more lit than the other rooms. It seems to be a room that's designed for either non-duergar riff-raff or general soldiers or guests or people that would come to the fortress to stay, so. All right. For this, you're already stealthed. So as you glance inside the room, you see what appears to be a great hall of some kind. There are large wooden tables, there is a fire pit in the center that has a number of mostly burned wood that is mainly just small darkened embers with a little bit of glowing yellow and red to it. There are stools scattered about the room, you can see there are remnants of some of a meal that hasn't been fully cleaned up yet on some of the tables. But the room appears to be empty. You do see a slight glimmer across the way on one of the tables. All right. Everyone else, what are you doing? Okay. Snoop in the barracks. You push your way through. "Excuse me, excuse me, pardon me." Pushing through everybody. Down this hallway? Okay. All right. You see slowly, as you move down this hallway to check it out, a secondary set of barracks that are also apparently empty. You see a secondary commode that is open. And as you glance around the corner as the light passes by you see there are two duergar currently coming down the hallway this direction. Okay. As you creep back, you hear footsteps coming your way quickly. Oh, inside the door there? Okay. The rest of you guys? You can glance, there's still a hallway around that way if you wanted to go around. Okay, so you move around-- Trinket follows up behind. Makes your way up there. Scanlan, you staying in that room? Okay, well, you're in mid-process, this is all happening very quickly. Okay. Because of your little legs you get about that far. Your little legs carry you. (sighs) (grunting and laughter) Okay, so. Tiberius, as you're backing up, both the duergar turn around immediately, seeing you, and rear back with javelins, throwing them directly at you. Okay. Go ahead and roll initiative real fast to see who gets off first what. What, why didn't you count it? Okay. All right. So you go ahead and cast Blur. You guys see as Tiberius comes running back, (startled sounds). He manages to cast a spell really fast as two javelins come flying towards him. His visible image begins to actually blur; the outline looks almost like there's two mirror images of Tiberius in the same place that are both shimmering and preventing them from actually telling where he's actually standing. The first javelin comes in at a 14. Second one comes in at a 17. Oh sorry, no, it's a four, 'cause it has disadvantage. So both javelins just whish past. Looks like they pierced part of that kinda shimmering blurring form, but both just ricochet off the walls of stone and come clattering to the ground. Kinda near back where Kima and Grog are. They both step out of the way as they land. All right, so that brings us to-- that was your action. Who else wants to take the next action? It's kinda dark, and you can see movement in the distance. You can try. All right. So you hop on the back of Trinket, (laughs) looking over the top, and you know Grog is kinda blocking part of your view, but you can see, with your low-light vision, what looks to be Tiberius' form shimmering and two duergar-height individuals that are partially blocked by him. So they do have partial cover, or three-quarters cover. Do you have the feat that ignores that? (laughs) Because you don't know I'm going to say no. Yeah it would be called Sharpshooter, is the feat. Okay, yeah. So go ahead and roll for attack on one or both duergar, up to you. Okay. Okay. The 21 misses, the 23 hits. Because they have cover and because it's so dark it's difficult to make out their form, but you do manage to hit one with the arrow. Okay. Next time, make sure you do that before you attack. Otherwise it won't count for the attack. (laughs) All right. There you go. 12, then add your Hunter's Mark bonus to that as well. All right, gotcha. So one arrow sinks in the shoulder, but doesn't appear to be stopping his angry advance towards Tiberius. Let's see. You're staying where you are? All right. You guys are actually kind of like pinched off in the hallway right here, so as you guys are all kind of-- -- as you're doing this, Tiberius, you're right there. The two duergar catch up to you and both, now that their javelins are out of their hands, pull out their hammers with their bonus actions and come down at you with an attack each. That's gonna be a six. And a 17. Okay, yeah, that Blur is saving you, man. All right, so as the one-- both the duergar are kinda like swelling with frustration, anger. It's an ability, you've now gotten to the point where you can see, these duergar can actually temporarily increase their form for stronger blows and attacks. Comes and strikes you for 12 points of bludgeoning damage as the hammer comes cracking down, finding purchase on your torso, and it kinda pushes you back a few inches. That's gonna bruise tomorrow morning. He'd probably agree with you, what do you wanna do? How are you going to communicate this to Grog? I'm gonna have to say, unfortunately, that's not gonna work out for this moment. Grog's attention is on the duergar and you are a giant cat. All right, just a second there, you're still holding, let's finish Keyleth. So Keyleth, what are you doing? Grog is there. You can attempt to leap over Grog. You can do that without asking him. No, you were saying you wanted to tell Grog you were going to do that. But yes, you can still do it. So go ahead and roll an acrobatics check. Yes. From around the corner, you pull back, leap up, jump onto Grog's back and attempt to spring off of it. 11, okay. (laughs) All right. So you jump off of Grog's back. Grog, not expecting it, instinctively ducks down and the force you push off, as he's not aware there's going to be a giant cat there-- -- in doing so, it doesn't give you the momentum you need. You are able to jump over him and get kind of into center of the fray. But you do not have the pounce attack, unfortunately. But it gets you there, at least. You can attack, yeah. Go for it. Okay, this is the one that took the arrow from Laura. 17? That hits. Go ahead and roll for damage. Ten piercing damage, all right. So, as you rush forward, you bite at him. You see he pulls back, but you get a big, meaty chunk of his forearm and clamp down, and you feel a snap, some sort of bone in the middle of his arm and he gives out a horrible-- (yells) sound, as he takes the butt of his hammer and hits you on the snout. Doesn't do any damage, but it's enough to get you to kind of let go of your grip a little bit, and he rips his arm out of your jaws. Leaving that kind of nasty, irony taste of duergar blood, that you've now become accustomed to, unfortunately. That ends the round. Now you have Tiberius and a cat in your way. The doors go in. Okay. As you step out (fwip). That does hit. You do not get sneak attack bonus, unfortunately. You do if you are in melee with them. You get the bonus if you're both like flanking them, or you're like harrying them in combat. Because you're at a distance, you don't get the bonus. All right. All right, go ahead and roll damage on the second dagger. Which is 1d4 plus what? Nine, okay. So, after the guy rips his arm out of Keyleth's face, essentially, a dagger comes swinging out from behind the doorway, stabs him in the other shoulder. You see he looks down at it confused for a second, and as that dagger vanishes in a puff of dark smoke, returning to your-- the side of your hilt, he looks up just in time to see the second dagger catch him right in the middle of the forehead, and he just falls onto his back at that point, unmoving. That duergar is stripped. Who's up next? Who wants to do anything? Who hasn't done anything yet this action? You're just finishing. Sorry. So, Pike, have you done anything yet? You move around here, there is a door over here, yes. The door is a secondary guest room. It is a guest room of equal design and dressing as the one that Scanlan, you are unaware, is currently fouling. (laughter) You can do what you want. Be aware, Pike as a character has her intent, the more you stray from that, the more it will have ramifications for her in the end. That's about as far as you're able to move. You can still use your action if you wanted to do anything, but right now your vision is currently fairly well-blocked by a woman and a bear, and a man the size of a bear. Okay, so that brings us back to Kima, who currently doesn't have any sort of way of getting over there, kind of frustrating, trying to find a way over. Clarota, who is still invisible, is just gonna hold on that point. Okay, Percy! Stand there? All right, Tiberius, you're up. Do it quick, or we are gonna move for the next turn. Okay, point-blank Firebolt. Go ahead and roll your spell attack. 20, all right. That'll hit, go ahead and roll for damage for the Firebolt. 23 damage? All right. So as you instinctively pull back, you release the blast of Firebolt energy, the duergar who is currently harrying you with this warhammer takes the brunt of it right to the bottom of his face and his torso. The studded leather armor that he's wearing tears open with a sheer flaming burst of the impact of it, and you see most of his skin is charred and burned at that point. He reels back for a second, looking very, very hurt but not quite put down yet. All right, the second blast, as he reaches back, before he can get a chance to get back to his feet, the second blast hits. This time, it sends him off his feet, flying about five to ten feet back, skidding across the ground. Yes, and that puts him, still on the floor, laid out with a burning, kind of crippling, crispy scent in the air of what was once a standing duergar, now dead and burning on the ground. All right, as you guys are doing this, Scanlan steps out of the guest room, getting his pantaloons back on. Yes. You hear the footprints of Scanlan, you being still invisible, you essentially just-- You found a fun way to prank duergar. Over there? No. Go ahead and roll again. (laughter) Okay, as you push the door open and get a glance inside of the main hall, you don't see any traps across the floor. Okay. Everyone else staying out in the hallway? Okay. You manage to scoot through, dancing around folks, people kind of let you get by. Anyone else? So, you're dragging the duergar over in the-- Yes, as you guys step in here, move up towards the back corner, where there's the shiny glint. Tiberius, you stay inside or outside? Kima walks in, Grog goes to start making his way in. As he does, you go over towards the glimmer. The glimmer on the table, you look, it's just formless and kind of this weird spark of light. It then vanishes, and the doors that you guys entered-- -- slam behind you, with Tiberius, Grog and Keyleth all kept outside of the room. The rest of you guys, the flames go to darkness and the entire room goes pitch-black. Grog's gonna go for the door, however, at this point in time, I'm going to ask for-- No, no, no. I'm not. I'm working out what's actually gonna happen here. All right, so, suddenly there is a cacophonous bit of pain streaking through Pike, Vex, and Clarota. Guys, go ahead and make an intelligence saving throw. Not you, just you two. So what's the-- Okay. So in the darkness, suddenly there is this searing pain, like some sort of screaming sound is blasting you from the inside of your very mind. You two are both currently stunned. On every turn, you get to try and break that, but right now neither of you can-- You both just sit there, grasping your heads, just screaming in pain as your body is unable to function or listen to any thought process. Clarota also unfortunately falls victim to this and is also unable to make any actions. All right, however-- You, as you are currently pulling out your flametongue dagger, you feel a presence nearby, and with a little bit of embers around the fire, you see, out of nothing, a figure step into view that apparently was not visible but a moment before. A tall, lithe figure, with long limbs, fingers and a wrapping of facial tentacles coming towards your face. Before you get the chance to stab, you get a surprise attack from this guy. All right, that comes to an 18 versus armor class. So, as you go back for your blade to pull it out, he grabs you by the shoulders and pulls you, and the tentacles wrap around your face and pull you into this horrible toothy maw. You feel this tearing pain sensation as its teeth begin to dig into your face. You take 17 points of psychic damage as the actual presence of the tentacles pulling on your face, you feel it's kind of grabbing your brain and trying to hold it in place. You are currently considered grappled. Now, guys, everyone roll initiative. That was a surprise round. Yes. (laughs) All right, so 25 to 20? All right, 25 to 20, no one-- almost forgot, go ahead and make an intelligence saving throw. 23, all right, you feel the presence of its mind pressing into your brain and you manage to, through the pain of its tentacles pulling you towards its mouth, shrug off its current attempt to push into your mind. That's a good thing. Okay. So you're still grappled but you're not stunned. Both of them are now visible right there. All right, so, 25 to 20? 20 to 15? 17 and 16, all right. So actually, Grog is going first. All right, and Percy. 15 to ten? Ten to five? That's okay. Ten to five? All right. No, you guys have not rested. All right, so first, the top actually-- Kima is at the top of the initiative order. Kima angrily leaps on top of the table and goes running down with an angry yell, and leaps down toward the one that's currently grabbing onto you with its grapple. As she's running a little bit of light bursts, as you can see this divine energy begin to burst and glow off the edge of the greatsword that she's holding. She leaps down, and with a giant arc through the air that lights up that portion of the room with a brief sweep, the blade comes down towards-- oh, that'll hit. Second attack also hits. So that comes to-- okay, using her Divine Smite ability on top of that, she manages to deal 37 points of damage to it. As she finishes both of her strikes simultaneously. The mindflayer, however, does not release its grasp on you. You are still considered grappled. That ends her turn. Grog now is gonna angrily attempt to bash into this door, is gonna make an-- actually no, no athletics check, he's going to go into a rage and hitting away at the door. (growling) LIAM and All right, that puts a total of 32 points of damage, that's enough. So Grog just takes two big swings. The first one comes through, cracks the door in half, splitting it down the center. Rears back a second time, cleaves through the door entirely. What little bit is left on the hinges, he kicks out with his foot, leaving now this side completely open to the interior. He then moves in around Clarota. That's as far as he can get in this current turn. That brings us to Vax. Well, no, you can try and make an acrobatics or athletics roll against them to try and break free. I'll let you use that as your move. Or acrobatics, up to you, whichever's higher. Acrobatics, then. 27? That'll do it. You manage to, just in that moment of it being struck with the two blade strikes from Lady Kima, you manage to pull your head free from its grasp. And just manage to right yourself now, the throbbing pain in your head of what you just narrowly avoided still there. Okay. 18. Currently that does hit, yes. Okay, go for it. Correct. 45. All right. So, as you-- Right, the poison dagger. I think you've already used the daily poison ability on this. Okay. So the 45 points of damage. You pull back and you jam it into the side of its eye. You can see as it rears back, a spray of dark-colored liquid kind of warms the side of your face. As you pull the blade back out it rears back and (growls). You can hear its voice piercing into your head going, "I will eat you one way or another!" That's your main attack? You can get your second attack, I'm sorry. 19? Yeah, that hits. Eight. Okay. As it rears back and you hear it saying that, you pull back and you grab with your off hand the cluster of tentacles in the front of its face and pull it down. As you do, the inertia-- you jam the blade into the other eye. As you do, you hear this blast burst of angry scream inside your head, before it goes dead cold, silent, and the mind flayer falls to the ground. All right. That brings us to Clarota, who's currently stunned and fails save, Clarota's still stunned. Tiberius. Look through the door. You can see over here, barely. It's very dark in the far corner, you can see just the shape of some humanoid there. What are you doing, Tiberius? From what you can see, it's maybe roughly six, seven feet. Grog's blocking most of it. Right now, you're in this giant great hall with giant tables and stools everywhere. You can't see the ceiling right now, there's no light. The room is near pitch-black, like there's just very little light in there currently. All right. Okay. The room all of a sudden bursts into view, you can now see the walls, the ceiling-- it's a smooth stone room. There is a large chandelier currently hanging from the top of the ceiling. It's about 25 feet up to the ceiling in this current room. You do, yes. You see now there is a mind flayer currently ducking behind one of the tables right now. You can see a number of your friends in the party are currently clutching their heads, silently screaming to themselves, unmoving. There's two. How many sorcerer points do you have left? You spent a lot over the past couple games. That's true, actually. Okay. Just keep track of that. So how many do you have left? Okay, got you. Cool, good on you. All right. So what's the save you get past that for the spell? Right. It does make its save, I believe, it's 21? Rolled a 21 versus your DC of your spell, which I believe is not higher than 21. So yeah, so he still takes the damage, but is not pinned. Okay, 18 points of damage, and manages to pull out of the way just in time as it slams into him, he darts off and catches himself on the ground, kind of slowly levitating above the ground as he comes to a stop. The pillar then slams into the roof, this section here. Actually splinters part of the table, which is now kind of lifted off-kilter at an angle. Yup. It-- How I'm playing it is, the impact of the pillar suddenly slamming in from underneath is what does the initial damage, and he manages to roll off before it slams into the ceiling. He kinda-- So. However, that ends your turn. The mind flayer, now looking around and seeing the room lit up, seeing the entire group now in this room, looks around at everyone, puts its hands together and concentrates-- and as it does you see its form (sucking noise) vanish. A few seconds pass, you guys manage to shrug your stun, and Clarota as well. "All right, I will." He's doing his flower-girl moment. Passes behind you guys. All right, so, what is the current mode of action for you guys? Okay. All right. Through here. You look through here and see what appears to be some sort of a kitchen. You can see shelf units, you can see what looks like a few tables, you can see some kitchen elements. All right, you walk all the way in. There's a door towards the back-- The right, you see what looks to be a doorway that's partially open that leads to a staircase. Looks like it's going up. Okay, you look over here. It's a double door that is currently closed. You haven't taken a short rest yet. You have to-- you guys have to stop and take ten minutes, 15 minutes to rest to do that, so-- Make a perception check. Okay. Okay, so Percy and both you guys open this doorway. It opens up into what looks to be another smaller eating hall. This one's nicer, this one has one long table. This is probably where the more socially risen-- Looks like it hasn't been used for a day or two. No current goodies in this area, no. Okay. All right, you guys press down here. There apparently are now-- you can see there's another set of double doors-- All right. So you guys are all moving back with-- -- Vex to return to the previous storage room? All right. Okay. Go ahead and make a perception check with advantage. 27. You smell that on this floor, there doesn't appear to be any duergar in your immediate vicinity. There is a strong, lingering scent of them coming from the doorway that you're currently at. Correct, like it-- you can kind of tell there was a recent moving of a large number of duergar. You don't know. All righty. Okay. You open the doors into what appears to be a large temple chamber, a place of worship. What you see are a series of long, wooden benches that are arranged to look towards the center. There is an altar to the right that is a risen kind of stone dais, and in the center there is a stone table, an altar which has a piece of black cloth wrapped over it and something on top of it you can't see from this distance. In the center of the room there is a 12-foot-tall statue of what looks like an extremely strong armored duergar clutching a giant warhammer and a shield. Yup. 27? There does not appear to be anybody inside this room. However, do you have a religion-- Roll religion, guys. You are not over there, unfortunately. Pike, you make your way through, eventually coming down this hallway-- (clanking) Go ahead and make a religion check. All right. As you're heading that direction slowly, best that you can tell right now, this room is definitely a small temple built to-- and the name kind of escapes you, the words trying to form in your head for a second, and then eventually you come to realize this is a chapel to Laduguer. Laduguer is the deity of the duergar. It's the god that basically freed them from their original enslavement from the illithids, and they worship as a pinnacle of power, strength, and conquest. All right. There is a door right over here. Okay. All right. So you go ahead and open the door. It opens up into what you can immediately see is a chamber that is some kind of magical laboratory. You see in the far corner, hunched, a robed duergar, and as you open the door, there's a slight sound, a click sound, and a jet of greenish fume begins to spray up into your face. Make a constitution save. 15? All right. So you take 11 points of poison damage. However, you can feel the poison forcing its way into your lungs. You manage to back out of the cloud in time and cough it up and your general physical well-being-- you resist most of the effects of the poison. However, this poison fume trap did appear to go off and as the smoke slowly dissipates, you hear a chuckle across the other side. You don't hear the noise, you're too far away. You guys do hear it, though. Okay, as you rush over, Scanlan's backed up away and you can see there's this chamber here. It's dissipated at this point. It's thin enough. You still can smell it, and it smells awful, like a very, very heavy, electrical fire-type smell. Yeah. It's up to you. What're you going to do? All right, go for it then. You didn't say it this time. Okay, both hit. Go ahead and roll damage on each. 15 and eight. All right. All right. So both arrows you've been firing over the top. He's kind of hard to see with the table and from being crouched in the corner, but both arrows still manage to barely make their mark. One kind of pins him against the wall, and he looks at his shoulder briefly, looks back at you, raises his hand, as he begins muttering something under his breath. As he does, your arrow (shnk) through his hand and he tries to shake it, and now he's pinned to the wall with an arrow in the middle of his hand. LAURA and Yeah. You can still tell Trinket to move. What are you gonna do? Okay, got you. All right, so what are you guys doing over in the temple? All right. You keep walking towards it? You make your way, you look at the top of the dais where the altar is, and on top you can see the black cloth that is wrapped over it. The scent gets to you before the actual visual. It's freshly rotting flesh of some kind, and as you glance over, you can see there is a heart that has been cut from a body and it's at the point where the blood has coagulated and begin to become thick. It's roughly dwarven size. Okay. It tastes disgusting. She got you a heart. Okay. This way? Okay, you make your way into what looks like a giant foyer, into a secondary entrance in the side of the fortress. Make a stealth check. 28, got it, okay. So, as you make your way through, you eventually careen to this corner. You can see another hallway, what appears to be another room of some kind. You also glance back and see there are two sets of stairways that go up and down. This is a giant foyer that leads outside of the fortress. This way here? This way? This comes to an abrupt end at that point, a rocky wall into the mountain itself that it's buttressed up against. All right. As you move through-- So, you glance in this room. There's an open walkway and what appears to be another barrack section, also completely empty. Okay, as you slide along here, to make your way around to a door there. Okay. 26, all right. The door does not appear to be trapped. Okay. Okay, what are you examining? Yeah. Okay, so you look at the face of Laduguer. You can see it's very, very old, it's very well-crafted. You can see a lot of very meticulous craftsmanship went into its creation. It almost glistens with a perfection that is out of place in an area that is so covered in soot and various other volcanic activity-based mineral deposits. Okay. There is some sort of a hum to the air that has an arcane element to it, but you are unable to pinpoint what it necessarily means or what the source is. Okay, so, while you're opening the door, the mage in the far corner kind of looks about sporadically and looks down at the arrow in its hand and its shoulder and just kind of fearfully, "Wait wait wait! Wait. Stop. Don't attack. Let's have a conversation." He leans forward, kind of pulling the arrow out of the doorway. (groans in pain) Starts hobbling towards you a little bit. Okay. As you both enter, both of you make constitution saving throws. As two more plumes of poison (pff) out of the ground as both you and Trinket walk in. 15, okay. And for Trinket as well. Okay. You take seven points of poison damage. Trinket, however, takes 14 points of poison damage. Seven. And Trinket is currently considered poisoned. It means disadvantage on attack rolls, disadvantage on ability checks. And now there's a bear coughing and kind of thrashing about the room. The table it bumps into and it kind of topples over. Well, this is just a reactionary moment of you guys coughing and trying to get out of this poisonous fume. You can, yes. Okay. That completely removes the poison? Okay. Well done. So that's your action. You now, as you are checking the door and you open it up, you hear all this commotion going off to the side now. Scanlan, you're over there as well, watching as more plumes of these poisonous smoke bits. You can move over and look, you can just barely make out his form. It is a dark room that is currently filled with a slowly dissipating green cloud so it's hard to make him out. All right. Seven points from Vicious Mockery? All right! (laughter) That's crazy. Okay. So it has to make a will saving throw, against your DC. It rolls a three. It does not. So, as you shout out into this room, the currently fearful duergar mage kind of glances, eyes slide about, hears these words and you see him wrack his head for a second with a sudden sense of self-loathing and disappointment. (laughter) All right, awesome. Yeah, you can start moving back this way. Yes you do. All right, you glance inside at what looks to be some sort of a training room. There are-- most of the floor itself is stone, and in the far corner there is a large section that is mainly just sand and dirt and there are a number of wooden training structures. You know, various shields and wooden bars that are used as a means of training for weaponry. There's what looks like a giant rack of weapons, full of arms and stuff. Go ahead and make a perception check. Most of the materials in this room look like the basic duergar fare. (laughs) Okay. As you run in, go ahead and make a dexterity saving throw. All right, so. You take ten points of lightning damage as you feel a tile on the ground trigger and then spring up, and as it does, you hear this sudden high-pitched whine as blue energy streaks up from the floor, runs through your body. Thankfully, you manage to dive out of the way and touch the ground to ground the energy, minimizing the damage. But yeah, you triggered (laughs) triggered a trap plate. You're beginning to get the sense that a lot of this tactic of this fortress now has been to lead you guys through a-- A maze of traps. All right. At this point, Kima is now-- As Kima hears you shouting all these curses into the room, Kima pushes past you, and pushes past you. You can see Kima coming into the room behind you guys. Steps over the broken table, down in front of the circle, and grabs the mage by the front of his robe, pulling him into her face. The mage at this point is still kind of reeling from the fact that you managed to strike him so deeply in the heart of his hearts. However, Kima, with a look of absolute death in her face, grabs him and pulls him forward and says, "Listen, where is the rest of your fucking army?" She's going to make an intimidation check. He does not succeed in resisting that. The duergar is pressed against the wall now, and she's slamming him against the back of a bookshelf. "Look, all right, they're waiting for you up there, all right? You're not "going to survive this. At this point, the entire city's probably waiting for you in the outside of "the fortress and those that are upstairs are well-prepared. Okay? Your best chance of survival "is laying down your arms and surrendering. I'm looking out for your best interests here." Kima, who is still holding him against there, you can see her hand releases the scruff and he takes a deep breath for a second. But before he can finish exhaling, she goes in, immediately grabbing his throat and squeezing it extremely tight. As she does, you see his tongue, dangling out the side of his mouth (strangling noises) as she's cutting off his entire air supply. She pulls forward and takes the greatsword and begins to slowly push it into his abdomen. As she does, he starts screaming in terrible pain. You can see her just slowly pushing the blade through his body into the bookcase behind. As she does, she goes, "You're gonna tell me, right now, "who they have waiting for us upstairs." As she begins to push all the way to the hilt now, he's pinned up against the bookcase and probably a portion of the stonework behind him. He's now got blood pouring out the sides of his face and outside the front of his nose. The duergar being held up against the wall says, "Whatever you haven't killed. The army's probably up with the king "himself. They're all waiting for you and I hope they piss on your body when they're done!" At which point she takes the blade and twists it. As she does, he gives this guttural yelp and his eyes just go blank. Blanker than the duergar eyes normally are. Go ahead and make an investigation check. Perception check. Looks like, from glancing about the room and getting a feel for it, there were three traps that were all placed directly at the front of the door, basically to give him a point of defense, they've all been triggered, so you don't have to worry about any more in this room. This is, yes. You're looking around as well? (sings) Remember your abilities. Okay. Sorry, Scanlan. So, as Kima pulls the blade from its body, kicking it off the greatsword and wiping it across the leather on the side-- the leather that you gave to her! And a little part of you is like, (sadly) hmm. So you guys made your way back, Clarota's there, against the corner, and Grog rushes over, just feeling like he was ready for action. "What's going on?" That's up to you guys, as I say, do you guys want to take a short rest? Yes. Glancing around the room, you manage to find two potions of healing, one potion of superior healing. You also find one vial of some sort of weird, viscous yellow liquid that you cannot identify. Sure, you can give it a go. It looks delicious. No, actually, you can't make out, it has some changing color as you kind of swirl the bottle and watch the texture inside shift and change with the centrifugal force. You can't make out anything about its intent, but it does feel like it's a potion created with some effect. 18 arcana? Okay. You take a look at it. It definitely is magical, you don't have a lot of experience with alchemy but you gather that the effect that it would have upon imbibement would be to alter your physical form in some way, you just don't know the specific effects. So, as you guys all kind of enter this room, this brief safe zone to take a short rest, if you feel you want to heal yourself up and regain any short rest-based abilities, do so. That's what I was going to say. We can return-- So we're going to take a quick bathroom break, we're going to play the videos again, we'll return here in just a second, as the next element of the attack on Emberhold continues. (whispers) Galaxies! All right, see you guys in a second. Welcome back, guys! All right, so we've had ourselves sufficiently rested. Which is awesome. Awesome. All right, thank you, Zac! Couple of quick things. You wanted to announce the Espionage-- Yeah, did you follow him? Because you have to follow him-- Awesome! Also, as a heads-up, guys, we've had some people perpetually asking us about the shirts that we made. That shirt right there. So, we have a-- it's a temporary-- it's very basic, but we have up, if you guys ever want to go to critrole.com, we have a limited run of those shirts currently available for purchase. That is actually his nickname. The cost includes shipping. We'll get-- we're packaging them ourselves. We'll have, hopefully, more in the future, but this is the first attempt at trying to do something like this for you guys, so-- Yeah. Shipping, shipping is included with the price, guys, don't worry. But yeah. So, anyway, check that out! Thank you guys so much, and let's go ahead and get back to the game proper. Okay, so, so, so the limited run was very limited-- I guess we'll have to order some more, then. We were gauging interest. I guess there's interest. Sorry, guys, all right, well, we'll-- thank you guys very much, we'll get more to you very soon. Yeah, we'll figure it out! Anyway, guys, thank you so much! Let's get to the game! Thank you so much, chat! Nice. All right, so. For all who didn't get 'em, we'll have more soon, I promise. So. So. So, you've housed yourselves into this enchanting room, this magical laboratory, and taken about a 15-minute rest. You're able to use any of your unused hit dice to heal yourself up if need be. Any-- How many hit dice do you have left? Yeah, there's the difference. All right, so. So, an extra 1d6 healing to anyone. So, as you guys manage to pull yourself out of your rest mode, you now glance out, and the hallway's still quiet, you can hear the movement of footsteps up above you. What is your intent? As she stands up, and she holds the greatsword and swings it a bit. "What I'm seeking "lies deeper into this cavern. Whatever is at the heart of this illithid scourge." And she glances over at Clarota-- who's in the back corner, hands folded-- and there's a slight mental hiss sound in her direction. "There's something far darker at the heart of this temple. I've seen it. But I have "my thoughts and my ideas, but I need confirmation before I speak of any doom-saying. However, the "link between those foul creatures and the assault that's currently mounting against Kraghammer lie "upstairs at the center of this duergar people." "The link between this K'varn character--" "To be honest, we've entirely lost the element of surprise. I would not wish to sacrifice "as foolishly for a few additional trinkets of my own when I feel that this should do well enough, "as long as we manage to work together and be smart about this." "How do you think K'varn is able to send these armies up again and again towards the back "door of Kraghammer?" "Besides, if we go on and leave them as they are, who's to say they wouldn't come up behind us, "and then we're fighting a two-sided front once we get there?" Grog's standing there clutching his greataxe. "I say, I haven't been able to kill much "since we got here. Let's kill something!" "Oh, yeah, of course." And he goes into his bag of holding, and pulls out his now half-empty cask, and you see him frown as he hears it clink around. He pours everyone a small drink, to what is now an empty cask. Up to a certain point. You mean Laduguer? At the moment he would be speaking, yeah. Uh. You'll be rolling. You hear in the back of your mind this subtle, soft, echoing chuckle. "You're all crazy. "I like it." (laughter) "All right." Takes her greatsword in her hands. "Lead the way." I would say like momentarily, right beforehand. It's one of those things where it has to be in the moment when the adrenaline's pumping, I think, for it to last into the combat. So you are venturing up which stairway? All right. So. You guys-- You'd become a soft target. All right, you guys all make your way up, and you're all squeezing into this tiny, tiny room. You're all shoulder-to-shoulder, essentially. You come up to the top area, there's a small box, and there is just a single stone door. Okay, you take a moment and you place your hand along this stone surface. You find that there's a low hum to it. And you can tell that there's a small, almost like a thin whisper of string laid across the very top of the stone, where the wall meets it. 26, okay. You come up and you find that this is a very, very fine hair trigger. This is actually a partial enchantment as part of a magical trap. You know that with the slightest hint of false vibration to it, the door shifting or hitting it in the wrong place will trigger whatever this trap is. And so you bring your tools up, you manage to place one at the base of each point at where this arcane silver thread lies across. Simultaneously, you take your daggers and place them underneath the thread at each ends and sever them both at the same time. The thin whisper of a string just slowly glides down and vanishes into a small sparkle of light. Hearing it, you hear what sounds like a low mutter of somewhere in the neighbourhood of ten to 15 low voices, and the slow, small shuffling of many, many, many, many footsteps. It, kind of, couple of footsteps, some talking, soft footprints. You can hear the scraping of metal-- There is a hallway this way. The whispers and voices aren't directly on the other side of this wall, they're just in that room echoing through, but you do hear a lot of people there. All right, so, what are you doing? (laughs) Roll for perceiving (laughter) (laughs) Okay, no traps. You both glide your way up and peek around the corner. What you see immediately are six duergar all stationed in this hallway guarding what looks like two large doors and entrance to this main chamber. And they're all just standing there, weapons ready, looking around. This big chamber here that you-- Who is up once again, clearing his throat in your presence. Okay, make a stealth check. That's when you see this long row of duergar that are all kind of armored and ready, guarding the front of this chamber. Okay, so this giant water sphere appears. At which side of the wall? Okay, as the water sphere begins to pull in. Saving throws, what's your DC? This is a dexterity save? All right. All of them fail! (cheering) There is now an entire clustered sphere of water that is containing a mishmash of duergar. Call Lightning. All right, so, as Keyleth, you step forward, out in the hallway, you bring your arm up and there's this small cluster of dark clouds beginning to form and swirl up on the top of the 20-foot hallway. As it swirls, you bring your arm downward, and there's a sudden crack of thunder, a loud blasting sound that echoes through the hallway. As the lightning strikes the center of the sphere, the water itself bursts as the actual cacophonous blast of the lightning loosely shakes the aquatic sphere. However, go ahead and roll damage. You get an additional two dice of damage to each one of the duergar because they are contained in the water. Correct. You just roll once, and that's across the board for all of them, and they are at a disadvantage because they are in the sphere. It's really funny, because two of them rolled 20s in a row, but they're at a disadvantage. Okay. So the sphere explodes, the actual stone on the ground you can feel shake and shudder with the impact of the lightning storm. All but one of the duergar are blown apart and scattered across the wall Akira-style, just (splat) against the walls. One of them is still in the center of the sphere, now looking charred and burnt, and eyes wide open with anger and frustration. He rolled a 14 vs the DC which I think is-- All right, how much total did you do? How much did you do, total? Hold on. So as the duergar is currently held aloft in this aquatic sphere, half-charred and burnt with pieces of his friends floating in the water around him, he hears through this kind of warbling sound, "You ugly, you ugly," and he sees everyone kind of step in the hallway clapping with you, and he kind of looks around at himself, looks at his situation... and eventually just gives up and takes a big old gulp of water and drowns inside the aquatic sphere. (laughter) Good news is, you guys royally screwed over six duergar, one of which you shamed him to death. (laughter) You transform? No, Marisha, did you transform? Okay, so Tiberius, you leap onto her back. Okay, so you cast Thaumaturgy on him to give him a vocal emphasis, a roaring, booming voice. Do you stay with him or do you move back with the rest of the group? Religion check. You have no idea. You know the deity exists, you don't know of any sort of animal, beast or creature symbolism that would befit a duergar god. Keyleth's form shifts. As you see a bunch of arachnid-like legs sprawl out the side of her torso, her form condenses into a dark, chitinous shell as two giant claws form out the side of her body, and a giant poison stinger curls up from behind. Tiberius kind of holds on during the transformation-- All right, the rest of you are here. So. You feel this kind of divine energy cascade around your throat. You can feel your vocal cords themselves are temporarily infused with some sort of divine presence. You've transformed yourself now into the visage of this duergar deity. Standing at probably a good-- what height are you going at? The duergar are about four-and-a-half feet tall. All right, six-foot-tall duergar standing there. What are you doing? Grog says, "Which way, which way do I go?" "I'm walking back for you." He looks like he's listening. Mostly. (laughter) You hear shifting in the doorway from the front where you guys are. What's the plan? What's doing what? All right, go ahead and make an athletics check. No, plus your strength. A 22. All right, the doors splinter open. The doors are actually broken off the hinges. As you guys come bursting in-- So the doors burst open and you guys come through. All of the duergar stand there with their weapons at the ready. You can see in the back, on this raised platform, where the cloth stops, there is two thrones, at the top two duergar sitting on the thrones at the ready. You can see two kind of lizard-like creatures in the back on chained leashes. However, all of the duergar that are ready to strike as you burst through, take a step back, looking extremely confused about what's going on. Make a persuasion check. Okay. The duergar in the front take another step back, looking both frightened and awed. The one nearest to you takes his hammer and throws it to the ground, and takes a knee. At which point two of the other ones nearby kind of look at each other and look back at the one who's on on the ground. They put their hammers down, and they kneel as well. At which point, in the back, you see the two throned figures stand up. One of which you can barely see in the dim light outside of your Light spell that's currently gleaming above you. This long, almost-touching-the-floor black, braided beard that drags right over this heavy-set plate of jagged black iron metal. A giant sword in his hand. "You're kneeling below this false idol." "This imposter!" So the light (pff). All right, so you do Fireball. Where are you casting Fireball? Or just doing it to do it? Plume of flame. Roll an intimidation check. Okay. Make a stealth check. Who else is going in there with him? Okay, your stealth roll? So you rolled a-- Okay, you can see this figure-- which you are gathering at this point is probably King Murghol-- still holding his sword aloft, looks back towards his wife who's sitting in the throne next to him, who is just standing up kind of confused. All of the duergar are now looking over their shoulders back towards the king and watching this transpire between the two of you. 32. You're moving in, everyone else staying in the hallway? As you guys push in further and further, the group that are kneeling move back in sheer fear and horror. At which point the king takes a step down off of the throne area onto the next platform, weapons still at his side and says, "Men, I've trained you. I've raised you. I've fed "you and I've kept you alive." So the blast hits him and a 20-foot radius that will grab everything in that radius. Including you. So go ahead and roll damage. 8d6. 25, okay. Okay, good. So it explodes around them. You see all of them kind of shield themselves from the blast of flame. As it spreads out-- So while you're looking that up-- The duergar brace themselves and they have an innate natural resistance against things magical in nature. So they all take the brunt of the damage, however, it does not do as much as you hoped to the group. All of them look hurt, but definitely not taken out of the fight. The two lizard creatures you now have a better look at, you do see it's familiar. They have numerous sets of legs, and though the chains hold them at bay, both of them glance up instinctually. I want you, Tiberius, to make two constitution saving throws. Yeah you take half-damage. So you take the-- What was the total damage on your Fireball? So you take 15 points of fire damage. So as you glance about the room now, you look over and both of these lizard creatures kind of look towards you. You kind of look back and forth-- there's a slight gleam in their eye. Suddenly you feel your form begin to tighten up, instant. You are considered restrained, which means you are at disadvantage to all your attack rolls and ability checks for right now. No, this is as it's happening. Your turn is still happening. This is all kind of a fluid moment. Things happen as they happen until initiative is being rolled, which is now. So everyone roll initiative. All right, so, 25 to 20? Plus your-- Plus nothing for dex. Okay. Okay, so 25 to 20? 21, all right, all right. All righty, 20 to 15? All right, 15 to ten? All right. All right, that brings us to top of the round. Percy, you're up. I mean, you can yell like one thing. Okay. That brings us back to the top. Vax, you're up. Okay. It is a critical because it does not see you and has not acted yet this combat. Okay. All right. Gotcha. So the first one actually jams into one of its eyes. It didn't even see you, it recoils back, slapping your hand back out of the way. The other dagger strikes and just gleans off its shoulder. However, it turns around with its other eye and it definitely knows you're there. No, it pushed you off. All right. That brings us to Grog. He goes into a rage. And Grog is going to go ahead and take his axe with the chain on it and throw it toward the first duergar he sees, which is right here. Throws it. All right, that is a-- That's going to miss. He rolled a four. Swings past. He's going to make an athletics check to see if he can bring it back. That he succeeds. So he throws the axe. It swings past the duergar, clangs to the ground, uses his chain, he yanks it back, catches it in his hand. His turn is spent, however. Next up is Scanlan. No, it has to be a line. It has to go straight. All right. At the start of your turn-- No, at the start of your turn you come up and the creature looks over and you guys make eye contact. You weren't averting your gaze. Go ahead and make a constitution save. Plus your constitution modifier. All right, so, as it glances over at you, there's a shine in its eye, and you feel all of a sudden your form, for a second, tense, and you shrug off the effect, untouched by it. Now, go ahead and take your turn. Okay, so you pull back and you unleash a lightning bolt. It goes streaking across the room. Unfortunately, he's just out of the line array, but it does streak across and blast both of these now visibly basilisks in front of you. You hit automatically. Just go ahead and roll damage. (laughter) 29. One fails its saving throw, one makes it. So 29 damage to one, and 14 to the other. All right. All righty, that's it. That ends Scanlan's turn. King Murghol's turn, now. King Murghol is going to-- It sees this blast of lightning streak past now, as it blasts, just barely passing in front of it, hitting both of his pet basilisks. Now seeing that there's, like, a full army between himself and the current intruders, one of which is visibly stiffening, he glances over at this tiny gnome individual, who now gave loose to this bolt of energy. Grabs his blade with both hands and goes running towards you with an angry-- but he uses a bonus action, quickly, to pull out a vial, pop a cork, chug it, shatter the glass on the ground. As he does, you can see his arms actually billow and grow extremely strong and thick with muscle. MARISHA and This was purplish in color. He then runs forward. And is going to take his turn, swinging at Scanlan. A d8 off of his first attack. Five. Okay, well, he rolled a 20, which brings it down, oh, a total of 20, which brings it down to 15. What's your armor class? Oh. Second strike is a 13. Third strike is a 12. Wow, he just can't hit at all this turn. But, however, the one strike he does get on you, the sword comes down, streaks across the front of you, and as you're finishing your last, final note of that song, you take 18 points of slashing damage. That ends his turn. This brings us back to Vex! You can, you can get-- let's see. That'll get everybody. You can angle it in a way that will-- well, if you wanna get the king in it, you're going to hit these two here. And Grog. Okay, so, you will be able to hit everything in that row. So go for it. How does the effect on that work? All right, so go ahead and roll 3d8. 17, okay. And what's the effect on the spell, like what do they roll against? Dexterity saving throw. King makes his, with a 20. So he takes half-damage for it, or no damage? Okay, so what was the total again? It was-- What was the total originally? It was-- what was the total? 17. Okay, so that is eight damage to the king. Right, so roll the additional one on that. Four, gotcha. All right. The basilisk also does not make its save. What's the DC on this? Your spell DC. At the top of your spell page. 14. No, that's just to hit something with a spell. All right, so basilisk in front makes it, so it takes the eight damage. Okay, the rest of the duergar, they do make their saves, they take half damage. However, with the spray of arrows that comes flying out of the front of your bow, you manage to take out five duergar in one swipe. The others ones remain, damaged but still standing. Also, now dexterity saving throw for you, Tiberius, and Grog. Nice. So both you guys take eight damage. Grog fails, Grog takes 17. "It's all right." All right, Vex, is that the end of your turn? Okay, all right. That ends your turn. It is now Lady Kima's turn. Kima rushes in angrily. She has to make a saving throw. Succeeds against the basilisk, as it glances past. Rushes forward, in combat with both King Murghol and the basilisk. However, as she goes in for King Murghol, screaming, the blade of the greatsword arcing across the air with a divine glowing energy, you see it aiming for the king, but then looks to her side and sees this dangerous lizard creature, recognizing it in a moment, she changes her trajectory and swings next to the lizard with her first strike. That is a-- that hits. And that strike does just enough damage. She cleaves that basilisk in two with her first strike. With her first strike, using the inertia, she turns around and strikes at King Murghol. However, King Murghol, seeing her come forward, takes his sword up and manages to parry hers to the side. Both of them lock for a second as he steps into her and kind of glares into her face. "Oh, you're supposed to be downstairs for playtime." Pushes her off with his blade.. That brings us to Queen Ulara's turn. Queen Ulara is now standing over there with Trinket towards her back. As she instinctually does this, she goes ahead and reaches up, places her hand on the front of her robes. You can see this duergar woman with kind of long, reddish hair that she's let flow to the back, to the small of her back. She stands up out of the throne. As she puts her hand on her chest, her form shimmers, much like you saw earlier on Tiberius, in your earlier battle. She moves back to there. That's a reaction? Okay. So let's go ahead and do the contested roll. Okay. So the DC is 12. Go ahead and you roll that. Blur is second-level. Yes. So, Counterspell. Go ahead and-- Oh-- interrupt a creature in process of casting a spell. If the creature is casting a spell-- third level or lower, it fails and has no effect. So, yeah, it just counters it entirely. So, the-- her form begins to shimmer for a second. All of a sudden, Tiberius, your attempt to go ahead and counter the spell, that burst of energy you're trying to put through the Blur vanishes. She looks back at you. Yeah. So with her sorcery points expended on that quick cast, she turns around for her main action, puts out her fingers, and you see these blasts of blue energy begin to rocket out from her fingertips, across the room, in what is a Chain Lightning. So, this'll be towards-- actually, this'd be towards you, Vex, Kima, and Scanlan. Yeah, Vex and Vax, both of you. Over there, yeah. Chain Lightning, man. It's a bitch. All right. All right, so. Vax, go ahead and make a dexterity saving throw. Seven, all right. Well, you've already used one for the area effect, the other one reduces the damage by half. Okay, so you're reducing the damage by half? Okay, so instead, you take 18 points of lightning damage. However, both Vex and Scanlan and Kima all have to make dexterity saving throws as well. She makes hers. 16, okay. So you took, was it 18 lightning damage, I said? Just, you mean, your dexterity modifier? 22? Okay, then you would've taken half damage, make it quarter damage, so you take half of that even. So keep that in mind when you make your dexterity saving throw. So, that would give you total how much damage? So, it was 18 you took, right? So, 36 damage to Scanlan and to Kima, and to you, Vex. 36 points of lightning damage. That ends her turn. Tiberius, you're up. So you, it's your turn now, as you're now on top of the scorpion still. What do you got, Tiberius? Quick, before you miss your turn. All right. All right, so (laughs), I'd say probably a 20-foot radius around would put it about there. So, as you polish off the ring and release it, the bead of red energy streaks across, blasting the floor, the secondary explosion, giant Fireball just bursts into the room, go ahead and roll damage on that. 23. Okay. The rest of these duergar detonate, blasted away out of play. Just, their bodies go thrown against the walls and the various pillars in the room. There's two pillars over there, they're kind of holding the ceiling up. The rest of them just go thrown about the room. The queen takes a bit of the damage, but seems to shrug off most of it. Right there. Okay. Right there? All right. All right. So you get to throw at a target, though, right? Or are you just throwing on the ground to do the radial? Okay, so you take-- you form the ice knife, you throw it, it streaks across, slams into the stone floor and explodes, sending shards of ice out. Go ahead and roll damage. Correct. Saving throw, which it succeeds. Okay. Both succeed for half damage. So seven points of damage to each. All right, got it, cool. That ends your turn, Tiberius. Clarota, now-- Clarota steps forward-- Seeing the other mind flayer there, steps past and decides to go into a contest of wills against it. All right, this is intense. All right. Clarota is going to step forward and begin to intensely stare at-- you can see the air itself seems to shimmer and push, like a strange bubble shifting between the two of them at this connection point. Mind flayer, now one-eyed and seeping liquid from the side of its face, glares back at him. Fails his saving throw. This mind flayer suddenly diverts its attention away from Clarota and towards the queen. (cheering) That ends Clarota's turn. All right. The duergar would go if they weren't all blasted to hell. That brings us to Keyleth. There you go. Yes, you are. You are going to have a disadvantage on the tail attack, because you have Tiberius on your back and you're trying to make sure you don't hit him with your tail. So, first two claw strikes. No, that does not hit. Does not hit. Clink, clink! Off the armor. Tail strike. Yeah, unfortunately just his thick suit of armor-- you're just hitting at him with the giant scorpion claws, but nothing seems to be getting through. You hear this clacking scorpion angrily (scorpion sounds). Pike, you're up! For everyone who's in the radius. Everyone but Grog, essentially, gets healed for 20 points. Grog's too far away from you, unfortunately. All right, Percy, you're up. Okay, so go ahead and fire with a disadvantage against the basilisk on the far end of the room. 16 at disadvantage? That does hit. Go ahead and roll damage. Also, Tiberius, make another constitution saving throw. Six points of damage to the basilisk, got it. Okay. Cool. As you duck around the corner, you've gotten these strikes in, and as you're trying to-- as you finish your blows on the duergar king, Murghol, in front of you, you hear this clanking sound as Tiberius's now fully stone form falls off of the scorpion onto the ground, beside you. The basilisk now takes its turn. Steps forward onto the edge. It's going to go ahead and-- it's gonna be for Lady Kima. It's going to attempt to make its stare at her. Lady Kima-- Lady Kima, who's currently in this blood frenzy against the king, unfortunately is not paying attention. Off to the side, the basilisk gets a glance out, which she looks at from the corner of her eye, she sees the movement over and has a hard time pushing through the stiffness as the gaze begins to take a clenching effect on her body. Yes, thank you. Let's do that. Oh, Waze. Why's my phone on? All right, so, that brings us to the-- Oof, okay. This mind flayer, who's currently Dominated, steps forward and is going to attempt to make a tentacle grab against the queen. Queen Ulara manages to dodge out of the way, seeing this coming, and just backhands it, while taking a step back. Unfortunately does not cling with the tentacle. That ends its action. Yeah, unfortunately that didn't hit. All right, next, at the top, that brings us to Vax. Well, at the start of your turn, it's within 30 feet of you and you can see it. Are you going to-- Okay, so you're taking disadvantage on this attack. So you move behind, you're hidden. Your first attack, that will not hit, unfortunately. That does hit, yes. Okay. As you rush over, you take your first strike at the basilisk, you see it reel back and slap around its tail. You barely just get out of the way, and as you see its head turning around to attempt to glare at you, you instinctively take your offhand dagger and place it directly into the eye socket of the basilisk. It sinks past your fingers and you feel that warm rush of blood and gore against your hand. As you pull back, it just slumps to the ground. (cheering) Lady Kima is mid-effect and Tiberius is solid stone. I would say, yeah, you could spend the rest of your movement doing that, yeah. Okay. All right. That ends your turn. That brings us to Grog. Grog turns and is going to go ahead and go raging, frenzied, against the queen. And a critical hit. (cheering) The first hit, she's gonna go ahead and use her reaction to do Shield, it's going to up her defense. First attack misses, so two attacks miss now and the last attack is a critical hit, which is nice. So that's a-- All right, so that's 31 points of damage. Oof, that's a hefty chunk. All right, that ends Grog's turn. That brings us to Scanlan! Yep. You're right next to him. Okay. Okay. (laughs) What's your DC? All right. This is through the hand cone? Okay. That will be a 20, unfortunately. Makes his saving throw. He glances back towards you with a look of confusion for a second. Looks at his feet and like begins to reach forward and then steels his mind and looks up at you angrily. All right. Next up is King Murghol, who's furious now. Both of his beasts have been slain and most of his men have been completely torn asunder by multitudes of arrows and fireball spells. He, now growing in physical form, on top of already the musculature he acquired from that potion, is going to make his three attacks against whatever is nearby. That's actually going to be-- actually, that's gonna be two strikes against you, Scanlan, since you just now tried to make him stand on his head, and one against Kima. (laughter) -- a 24-- -- and against Kima is a 20, that also hits. So all three hit. Oof, all right. So the first strike hits you for 21 points of slashing damage. The next one hits you for 23 points of slashing damage. Scanlan falls unconscious on the ground from the two strikes of the king. The third strike back towards Kima, who's currently seizing from the effect of the spell. She's restrained, so he has advantage. There's a process to undoing a creature into stone. To your knowledge, it does not seem to be having an effect. However, Lady Kima takes 22 points of damage. All righty. That brings us to-- Vex, you're up. Okay, at who? Additional damage to the arrow. So it explodes around, right? All right, so, fire the arrow. So, as your bonus action, you go and you grab one of the arrows out from the back, and as you pull it back you can see a bunch of these little thorns begin to grow and sprout from the actual shaft of the arrow. You release it and as it arcs across-- Against the queen. All right, go ahead and roll the damage for the arrow and the damage for the spell. And all that doubles. The bonus at the end doesn't double, just the dice. 36 points of damage. Yeah, plus the seven. And then it does-- it explodes? In a radius. And it does the dice damage, the 2d10, to-- All right, so the mind flayer and Grog. All righty. Grog does not make it and the mind flayer does not make it. All right, cool. All right, second arrow you can fire now if you want to. All right. That hits. All right. You see flames begin to burn up along the side of her robe and she's looking really flustered and frustrated at this point. All right, that brings us to Kima's turn. No. She's made of hardy stuff. Kima currently is fighting this, is going to go ahead and release an entire-- all of her attacks against the king Murghol as he's right in front of her. She has disadvantage on that, unfortunately, because she is restrained. She's gonna make two attacks against him using Divine Smite, expending a 3rd-level spell. So that's 3d8 extra damage to each strike. So the first one hits. Both hit. All right. She's going to do it twice. That's gonna be 6d8 additional damage. Oof. Okay. So, as Kima rears back, her first strike comes down and hits overhead, into King Murghol's armor, and as it does, it hits. The blade only goes about a few inches in, but then all of a sudden the blade heats up white-hot and actually buries itself an additional six inches into his shoulder. He screams out in pain, reaches up and grabs the blade and as he does, his hand actually burns in the process. She pulls the blade out, around and swings it down again, sinking another eight inches into the side of his torso. This time with a giant arc of white divine light into the side. He looks like he's starting to bleed out from the two of the wounds really heavily. The king is looking a little rough. That ends Kima's turn. Kima's going to try and make a saving throw. Kima pulls the blade out, and turns to stone herself. The king is looking a little rough. The queen's turn. The queen looks over at Grog in front of her, kinda frustratedly, uses a bulk of sorcery points, puts her hand up towards him as he's pulling his axe back angrily. He fails his save. And he puts his axe back down and looks towards the rest of the group. Eye color glazed over. So that was her sorcery points, her quick action. She then says, "We're not gonna die this "day alone and I won't die. My love, I'm sorry, but there's much more work to be done." And she raises her hand up and you see this buildup of green arcane energy at her hand. She turns it towards the rest of the group, faces it up towards the ceiling and releases this pulse of arcane, green, ill-looking energy that blasts into the stone ceiling. As it does, the stone itself disintegrates in a large chunk, and a glowing mass of seeping, hot, molten magma begins to pour into the room. It's now coming from right here. So now, magma is pouring onto the throne room from above. The giant fall that is on top of the fortress is now peering into the room. That brings us to Tiberius, who is stone. Clarota currently looks around and-- No. You are a slate. You are a blue screen. You are Grog after the intellect devourer. Okay. (laughs) Clarota steps back and grabs Lady Kima and begins dragging her back through the doorway. Pulling her down towards the stairway. That brings us to Keyleth. It's a free action. There is a body of a dead basilisk on the ground, yes. Okay. For the purposes of this, I want you to go ahead and make a basic religion check. Wait no, not religion. For you it'd be nature. Just for the purposes of my thought, I think a nature check would be an interesting way to see how this plays out. 18? Okay. So, as you bring this gust of cold wind, swirling around, the column of magma begins to cool and darken as Trinket is like backing up against the wall and the magma is starting to singe the edge of Trinket's nails. It cools to a dark, black, kind of rockish color. And the magma fall ceases, but you can see parts of it breaking and beginning to break past that shell exterior. So you've slowed it. Holding it there? Okay. That brings us to Pike. From your knowledge, no, it's an arcane effect, not a curse. From your previous experience, it's not the blood directly. The blood itself has to be distilled into a specific alchemical form to reverse the effect. No, it wasn't drinking. After the battle, you guys took the blood, prepared it, and then used it as part of the recovery. Okay, so you heal Scanlan. How much does he heal? So you're healed 19. You're on the ground, prone, but you're conscious now. You look up at Pike and smile and you look over and see this large column of magma that's now cracking through stone and pouring into the throne room again. No, this has been a heal, this has been-- no, okay, you can move, that's about it. I will say you can drag him. You'll be at half speed. You can try. Make a strength check. Let's say athletics, do athletics. Okay. So, you grab onto Tiberius, you rush over after healing him, grab and start dragging him towards the entrance. At half-speed you manage to get him three squares, that's as far as you got. As you're pulling back, the king, as a reaction, gets one strike on you with his sword. That's gonna be a 19. Your AC is 20? So the blade hits you-- The blade comes down towards you, but with a flash of divine energy in your shoulder armor, it just gets deflected off the side and you glare at him out of the side of your face. And continue to drag Tiberius out of the room. All right. Percy, you're up. Where, over here? Oh, you're gonna have to go around here, then. This is a really harrowing place. Okay, all right. So as you pull over, you go ahead and aim up with your ice shot ready. Go ahead and fire. 20 definitively hits. It's not hard to do. Go ahead and roll damage and that will signify how long and how much it will stop. So just the ice damage. Not the actual bullet, it won't do anything. So just-- Just the ice damage. Two. Okay. So as you blast up, you can see, as the magma's beginning to pour down again, you blast it and it immediately-- a spot cools into a rock and begins to slip again. You've maybe given yourself a couple more seconds. That may be what you need, you don't know. But that's all you got on that one. Okay, go for it. Okay. 16 versus armor class will not hit, unfortunately. Yeah. Okay, so you're using your Action Surge? Okay. So Action Surge. You now have two more attacks. Go for it. That hits. (laughter) Nine points of damage, got it. All right. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage. With the extra grit point you do two dice, right? Nice. Okay, so, the next-- the first shot fires, just ricochets off his armor and streaks across the room. You get his attention, though, and he looks back at you with this kind of wild look in his eyes, the muscles tensing. You can see the armor actually bending and twisting against his physical form underneath. However, the next shot blasts off side of his jaw, there's actually a giant gap now in his flesh as he looks back at you and you can see his teeth. And as he grits down towards you, now definitely intent on getting vengeance on that, the second shot (impact sound) takes off a chunk of his head. You can see the skull exposed on where you've now taken a piece of flesh off the top of his scalp. He's looking pretty rough. Okay. You can get back to there. All right. That brings us to-- He's not dead yet. Not dead yet. All right. The mind flayer, who is no longer dominated as Clarota took his attention off of that for the time being, looks around at everyone, sees the circumstance, the magma flowing down, and just grabs his chest and you can see his form blink out and vanish. That brings us to the top. Vax. At this round, by the way, is broken and has begun to spread, the magma has now filled this much of the room. And it's quickening. All right, go ahead and roll for the attack. 20 does hit. Grog is not an ally, currently. You do not get Sneak Attack. All right. Ten, nice. So the first blade plunges into her clavicle, she maneuvers out of the way to the point where it misses any vital points, but still sinks in. She looks at you angrily and you can see her dull white, ashy, duergar eyes flash with an intense arcane rage. As you pull the blade out, her eyes dart around with some sort of a plan, a thought process going through her head, as the other blade sinks into the side of her torso she spits out blood that actually spatters across your face. She pushes the blade out and you see her preparing herself for something. That ends your turn. Grog currently moves forward towards you. That is a 25 versus armor class. How many times can you-- you've already used that. It's once per encounter. Once per encounter you can use that. Next one is a 21 versus armor class? Once a round you can do it? Okay, well never mind. So take half on that first attack. All right, so. First strike comes at you with a-- oof, that'll be 19 points of damage. Reduced to nine. Second strike hits you for a total of 15 points of damage. So 24 total. And that's Grog's go. That brings us to Scanlan. It's a possibility. You know the spell that's been cast on him-- you use it. There is a chance, but it has to be a contested roll. Yes, it does, unfortunately. So it's your call. No, but I would say it's going to be difficult, it's going to give-- All right. You get back up. What are you doing? He's looking pretty rough. What do you got? Go ahead, quick. Magma's pouring through. Okay, so. Go ahead and roll for an attack, d20. So, roll the dice. You rolled an eight. Times two, that's 16, plus whatever the bonus damage is for the sword. It does. So, you strike with a critical hit, doing-- let's see, that's eight, 16, plus seven, 23 points of damage, go ahead and roll for a second attack. You can. So what's your total? You rolled a five, plus-- Add your proficiency modifier, which is four, plus your strength modifier, so that's five to that, which is ten, makes it 20, which hits! Roll damage on the attack. (cheering) Six points of damage. All right, six on that plus your strength, which is one. Seven. Plus the dawn blade, which is-- that's eight. So that's eight damage on top of the 23. How do you want to do this? (cheering) So. As you say that, you-- the blade vibrates to the sound of your voice, like the echoing of a song of Scanlan behind yours in almost a chorus out of nowhere. The blade streaks through the air, coming down, slitting across the back of his Achilles' tendon. He instinctually falls to one knee, which is kind of the height level for you. As you do, you bring the blade around with a flourish and take Murghol's head off his shoulders. It spins, tumbles to the ground, and rolls across the floor into the magma. Blackened beard curling back as the rest of his face is melted away by the lava, which is now pouring pretty heavily into this room. All right. So that's your action. And your movement. And your bonus action. No, you did your bonus action to do the extra attack. All right, so. That's the end of your turn. Wow! You used a sword! And got a kill! On a boss! All right, King Murghol's turn would be now, but he's on the ground. Vex? You-- it's completely blocked right now. Through here? Yeah, it is. It's still pouring! She slowed it down, but it's still breaking through and pouring out slower. It would be even bigger if they hadn't slowed it. Go for it. Roll for an attack. First attack. Hits. 14 points of damage. Hits. Roll damage on that. 12 to hit? Or 12 damage? All right, 12 damage. Yep. All right, so both arrows (impact sounds). One clips her in the leg, and the other embeds itself in her abdomen. You see she grabs for it. She's looking really rough. Next is Kima. Kima's stone. It's now the queen's turn. She looks over at you who's stabbed her, the arrows in her abdomen, and she looks up at Grog and says, (sighs) "We've got business elsewhere." And she reaches out and touches Grog. Both of them blink out, Dimension Door. A very familiar purplish color as you've seen you cast it, they Dimension Door out of the entire vicinity. At which point, the stone rocks crack on the column and the magma now goes into full pour. You guys have to get out of that tunnel. What do you do now, what's the process? So, this is going into a skill challenge now. Okay, this will be the first skill challenge. Go ahead and make a dexterity check. No, the magic carpet is in the bag of holding. That thing is huge. You carry that with you, you would be at disadvantage for everything you've been doing. 18, okay, so. I mean, you go over to it, and you manage to gather up into your wine skin a little bit of basilisk's blood, best you can. The magma pulls close to you and you manage to just take six points of fire damage from just the general heat of the magma now pouring into the room. It's spilling out and now just continuing to fill the rest of this chamber. Both of you guys make an athletics check. For this, this is just an athletics to pull them all off. Okay. You guys grab and pull Tiberius out of the room. It takes the two of you to heft him over. You manage to pull him out of the way, that works out well. Down the stairway, all right. We don't need the video for this, we're just going to do this visually. So, you guys manage to bring Tiberius down the stairway. What are you doing, Scanlan? All right, so that's Enhance Ability. So you go ahead and give yourself Enhance Ability. Your strength is now-- you have advantage on all of your strength checks. No, Clarota pulled Kima out of the room. So you guys are fine. Okay. You do, but the magma's so intense and this has filled so much of the room now that you get a localized area. The rest of it just kinda flows around and continues to fill the space. All right, so. All of you guys make a dexterity check to try to get down quickly. Go for it. Yes, everyone makes one. Because of-- yes you do. Not for this one. Okay, Tiberius is. Okay, gotcha. So, Pike and Scanlan, both of you guys are, unfortunately 'cause you're smaller and your legs are moving, you guys rush down the stairway and curl around. As the rest of you make your way to the door, which is currently closed, you are all kinda gathered at the exterior of that hidden doorway. It's currently dark and held shut on where you guys entered. However, you two, the magma's now reached the stairway. It's beginning to pour down off the top, and it manages to catch the two of you. You guys each take five points of heat damage from the magma's proximity. No, Pike and Scanlan. You guys make it to the bottom floor. The doorway is currently closed for the secret exit of the fortress. You guys just make it to the foot of the stairs. You guys are now-- Yeah, it's the one you guys, the one you guys-- it opens up, outward. Okay, as you're feeling around for the mechanism, Keyleth steps forward and basically the stone turns into almost a clay, and she just pulls it apart. A giant glob of magma pours down and splashes down onto the ground, hitting everyone in the vicinity. Everyone down here takes 12 points of heat damage. Okay, you guys push through the open hole that Keyleth pushed in, sweat dripping down your faces as the heat proximity to you is nigh-intolerable. You make your way out of the gate and now you have that giant magma flow. No no-- as you guys go and step out, the doorway that opened up, previously? Is what parted the magma flow. You pulled it open, so now it's just a wall of magma in front of you. You did. It's not there anymore. It was permanent, but a perpetual flow of magma on it for a period of a few hours will eventually eat through a stone wall. Okay. It's probably the last of that. You create a stone wall that juts out, once again blocking off the magma flow. You guys all step out of the room just as the main force of magma begins to fill the room behind you. Everyone make one more dexterity check to get out in time, as it's a small space and you're pushing out. You made nothing. Okay. Everyone under 15 you, you, Percy, I believe, and Keyleth. The magma now, as you're helping getting your friends out, you're pushing out, you push Vex out-- Vex darts out, Scanlan manages to get out. As you guys are pulling Tiberius through, the hefty force of magma comes funneling down into the room and splashes across the floor. That is 18 points of heat damage. As you're pushing through, Vax, you fall unconscious as the magma is currently lapping at the back of your leg. The rest of you begin pushing out as you begin to realize that your half-elf friend is currently melting in a pool of magma. Go ahead and make a strength check. This is strength at this point, this is pure adrenaline pushing through. 12. You manage to start pulling him up through the hole that Keyleth made. Before you get to that point, as you're readying for it, 'cause it's a small space-- as you're pulling it, giant bear claws come over and latch onto the back of Vax's armor. The grizzly bear begins to tense, pulling back. Makes a strength check. That'll do it. Both of you manage to pull you out. You take an additional bit of heat damage. You are now at two failed saving throws. Two failed death saving throws. As he pulls it out, you can see most of his foot is melted. And his right leg. Okay, you pull it out. At this point, the magma's beginning to fill up the room, by the way. You're outside of it. How long does Stone Shape last? What you used on the wall. Closing the wall? Okay, how many spells do you have at that level? Three. So you spent-- One going out, coming-- no, wait, it's the same-- you haven't had a chance to do a full night's rest. That's true, so you used the stone form, used Stone Wall. That's true, that's true, you do, that's good. All right, I just wanted to make sure. Okay, so as you do that, you send up another Stone Wall. It blocks off the magma just as it begins to pour over and spill out into this vicinity. It'll last a short time, but it'll last enough for what you guys need. You guys drag-- You can attempt to, yeah, go for it. All right. Heals you. Comes to consciousness. You guys are about ten feet away from the base of the stronghold. Your foot heals up, but it's still burned. For the time being, until you can take some serious physical rest, your movement is reduced by five. And your stealth rolls are currently at disadvantage. Over time with some rest it can be, but right now-- like, you're healed up, but that foot is scarred. It probably spent a good six seconds completely submerged in molten lava. Quite possibly. You all are just on the outskirts of the stronghold. You can see now elements of the windows of the top floor are beginning to glow with internal light, as the entire stronghold is currently filling up entirely with molten rock. You're all resting for a moment, off to the side. Grog is missing. And you all take a moment to realize that somehow you all managed to survive this, mostly. However, you didn't find the vault, didn't find Kima's stuff, and a number of escaped individuals from this are out and at large. We'll end today's game on that note. So that went a little long, guys. Thank you for your-- for hanging out, but that was an intense session. Some climactic moments there. That was crazy! That was nuts. Oh thank you, Fifthdreamertoday. Thank you, Ravendreamer. AngelMitsu and Voractin24, thank you. That's all good. Aww. Thank you, Eridinsk, that's awesome. RGcanok, thank you, buddy. Thank you, TonyLoneFight! Aww thank you, Zanderinvictus. Thank you, Samwheeler. You guys are awesome! Thank you Poltergeist. Ironwolf! Strong name! Thank you for watching, Dumoco! Yeah bonertown! (laughter) Thank you LightningGemini. I don't try to! Ha! I saw that in the chatroom Thanks FicklePicketickler. Good on you, buddy! Storytelling. See you next week.