Hello, everyone and welcome to ta-te-ple-plah. It's already off to a good start, huh? Welcome to this evening's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. Exactly. Live internet, it's a wonderful thing. This is why you don't drink before a game. All right, so, first and foremost, thank you. Welcome. We're jumping in here shortly from a bit of a climatic endpoint last week, but before we get into that, we're going to go ahead and try and cruise through these pre-show announcements. So, first and foremost, I want to let you guys know that the short video series I'm doing for Geek and Sundry, that's GM and DM Tips, launched last week on Friday, and a few videos will be coming out every Friday for the next couple months or so, so every Friday go check that out on GeekandSundry.com to see what other bit of rambling I'm doing and hoping to try and help some of you make your game a little more interesting. So tomorrow I guess is the next one. I'm not quite sure what topic it's on, but it should be fun. So check that out. As a reminder, most of us are going to be present at Wizard World Portland next month. We'll be there Saturday and Sunday for the con, and we'll have a panel both days. I think Saturday is the Critical Role panel, and Sunday is going to be more of a voiceover-related one, so hope to see you guys there. Bring your stuff if you want to have it signed and come get ready to ask questions and hang out, basically. Yeah, we'll be around. So, if you would like to see us possibly come to a Wizard World near you in the future, go ahead and send a tweet to Wizard World's Twitter, and let them know how excited you'd be to see us at more events in the future, because that would make them more inclined to want to bring us to more events! Let's see-- Also as a reminder, me and Marisha will be at Colorado Anime Fest, February 12th through the 14th in Denver, Colorado. Yep, so we'll be out there, hanging with you folks in Colorado. You should come say hello, we'd love to see you. Also, a reminder, the Dungeon Masters Guild, awesome new opportunity for content creators for Dungeons and Dragons. You know, create your own classes, your own rules, your own feats, your own stuff. There's a great place to put it up there, and you can set your price for it. You can check out my most updated version of the Blood Hunter and recently updated Gunslinger, which is now version 1.1, just went up yesterday, so if you have one of those you can update that and get the newest set. A couple minor changes and tweaks. Nothing you have to worry about yet. It was mainly the level 15 ability piercing shot and a couple of clarifications that I know. You'll be fine. Could be. Ouch. We shall see. All right, Wyrmwood Gaming, awesome friend of the show. They still have their 'critrole' discount code, you get free shipping if you go ahead and order something from their site, really awesome- Just one delightful word. Pretty wood. That's a cool arrangement, I like that. Oh, and Liam, if you want to check your Twitter, there's a cool little present I think waiting for you now from one of our fan artists. You know her as Mikandii, is her Twitter. She has a cool little thing for you. I haven't seen it yet, so I'm excited. So, go to @VoiceofOBrien to see what apparently he is looking at, that I have no idea what it is. Hopefully it's not just a giant dick. Yeah, yeah. It's your interpretation. There you go. And the Mythica 4 Kickstarter is up right now, as well. They're already rocketing toward their goal, which is awesome, and you get to see me as an evil necromancer casting magic spells at good people. And actually at Kevin Sorbo, second film in a row I get to cast magic at him, pretty excited about that. So check that out. Did you have something you wanted to announce? Yeah! I get electrocuted. I jump around and punch things, it's fun. Oh, and last but not least announcement, next Monday on Ivan's wonderful RPG show No Survivors, me, Laura, Felicia, Wil, a bunch of people, I haven't looked at the full list yet, are all going to be guesting on that as players for a round of one of my favorite RPGs, Paranoia. Yeah, it's one of my favorite RPG systems ever. So next Monday, go check out No Survivors. We're all going to be playing Paranoia and making ridiculous choices and probably dying in horrible, wonderful ways, so, we'll be there for that. Hi, Sam. Glad you could join us, buddy. Sam Riegel, ladies and gentlemen. He's right over here. You can work towards over there shortly. All right! Good, it's getting you in character, perfect. So now we've finished all the announcements I believe, if anyone has anything else we're going to go ahead and get into tonight's episode of Critical Role. So, where we left off, our intrepid adventurers, Vox Machina, having returned the traitor Riskel Daxio to Sovereign Uriel in the center of the town of Emon, Grog beheading him as part of his punishment for being such a traitorous worshiper of the evil entity known as Vecna. Upon going out for a pub crawl, came across Gilmore in a secret speakeasy, managed to enjoy a Heroes' Feast at his expense, whereas Vex and Vax both, all of you, got pretty-- Keyleth got very-- drunk. That's right, you didn't drink. Gilmore had a very intense conversation with Vax over there to ensure where they stood, and Keyleth vomited multiple times. But after which the party found their way back to the Keep, where Dr. Dranzel and his Spectacular Traveling Troupe were drinking and expecting you to be there, in which they could converse and try and convince you of a little caper they've been trying to get their head around for a while, and you seem to have the entry to this possible windfall of money. Scanlan, after courting this young, pixie-haired gnome-- Was instead confronted in his bedroom by Kaylie, who revealed herself to be Scanlan's long-unknown daughter from many years ago, who had trained very hard as a bard at the College of the White Duke, in Westruun, and honed her skills with a blade with the intent of finding you one day and disgracing you. Thanks to Scanlan's sudden realization, change of heart, and attempt to connect with his lost blood, broke a bit of that cold honed exterior, and managed to prevent a very dangerous and possibly deadly encounter. She left frustrated and confused, and hasn't been seen since. The rest of you, gathering the next morning, discussed this endeavor with Dr. Dranzel and how they had found a home that had been long abandoned after being purchased by a collector. A home that you guys had ransacked a little over a year before after finding a portal within that led to a dragon's hoard, as the previous person who lived there, General Krieg, was actually a dragon who had infiltrated the Council. I'm sorry it worked out that way. The actual hide itself is like very, very thick. Not with armor, just this natural sense. It was darkish purple in its color and tint, like dark blacks, purple, with rows and rows of teeth coming out of its eyeless face. As it bursts out of the surface, I need you all to roll initiative. All right, so. 25 to 20? 20 to 15? 15 to ten? All right, then comes ten to five? And Pike, while, as she's not here, rolled the lowest. Ashley, unfortunately, due to scheduling, could not be here this evening. So far, we're hoping she might show up at some point tonight, we'll find out. But, in the meantime, I'm going to be running Pike on my end. So, starting the encounter, as you see this giant worm creature through the tunnel, the three of you now walking the other direction, you, feeling the rumble, turn around, holding forth your greatsword unsheathed, you can feel the power pulsing with each beat of your blood through your body, as a little voice in the back of your head, stemming from your weapon, goes, "Kill." You're up, Grog. Speed of 50, I believe? Right, roll stealth. He would have half cover if you were to try and like, throw your weapon at him. It'd be a plus five to his armor class. Okay, stealth check for both of you. There, you mean? That's the extent of your movement right there, unfortunately. Unless you want to go at this angle, there. There you go. Okay, there are no creatures in the line, just the target. Yup, that was in the rubble. Good memory! You may, go for it. 18 total? 18 just hits. So, go ahead and roll damage for the javelin. As you rear back, aim it with your eyes, and the frustration is palpable from Craven Edge as you put it aside to throw the javelin instead as it arcs into a bolt of energy that streaks forth, slams into the hide of the giant purple worm. Go ahead and roll damage. 19. All righty. Great. It rears in place, shakes itself for a second. It has no eyes, so it's not looking in any different direction, it just seems to be flailing in its current location. Yes you may. All right. (laughs) As you bite your lower lip, you feel and taste the blood begin to enter your mouth, and at that point the heat in the back of your shoulders and neck begins to swell up. Grog's into a rage. That ends your turn. Keyleth, you're up. Sure. Go ahead and make an intelligence check. Six. You have no recollection of this type of an entity in your travels. It's definitely not natural, it's not of nature, and you've seen various types of eyeless worm-type creatures, but nowhere near on this scale. So, yeah. You have no idea beyond that. She goes, "Okay!" And she gets as still as she possibly can. "It's good! Moving's not my forte." "Okay!" All right. So that ends your turn. Vax, you're up. Unless you want to do something else on your turn, is that it? All right. You can get there. You can roll stealth, yeah. All right. That definitely hits. However, it is not sneak attack damage. You are hiding definitely behind the pillar, but your footsteps. And you get the essence as soon as you see the creature, its head follows you across the room, you get the sense immediately that it is not a sight-based creature, it is definitely a movement-based creature, and its head just follows you as you move. Is it a natural 20? A combined 28. Right, even so, not quite light enough. Not with the knowledge that it was an issue with this entity, and due to the proximity of it, and it being a very sensitive creature to the rock's movement, it still picks you up. Yep, so you have an attack. Well, two attacks, you have offhand, so yeah. The second one hits. The first one unfortunately just bounces off of its hide. Seven points of damage, got it. All right. At this point in time, the dagger embeds itself in. You see the hilt sinks into the hide and then vanishes in a puff of smoke as it returns to your belt, however you can see a little bit of black liquid pouring forth from it, and its head has been trained on you since you moved across the room. The worm now disappears beneath the ground. And you feel the ground beneath you begin to shake, as it bursts out of the ground. That's a 20 to hit. To reduce the damage in half if you want. Huh? What's your AC? It rolled a 20. So, as you look around you all of a sudden the jaws start coming up out of the ground behind you, the teeth biting into your body as you try and wrest yourself away from its grip. You take 20 points of piercing damage. Right, Evasion does not help you in this circumstance, Uncanny Dodge allows you to reduce the damage by half. So yes, you can do that. So you take ten damage instead. I need you to make a dexterity saving throw. As the jaws attempt to clamp around you, you manage to just pull yourself away, tearing your knees across the teeth, but rolling in the opposite direction, right in the place where you were as it bursts out of the ground just beside you and rights itself around in that direction. As its full body emerges now, you can see its tail flop out of the tunnel it just made with this giant hooked stinger on the end as it whips off in your direction. That is going to be a 15 to hit. That misses you. As the stinger swings towards you, you manage to just duck out of the way, your eyes trained on it in an absolute red fury, and it just whiffs past your face. That ends its turn. Scanlan, you're up. Right now you're next to Trinket and Vex is behind you. Okay, about there, you can see it from that perspective. To sicken it? All right. All right, it rolls, this is a wisdom saving throw? It rolls an eight. So yeah, it does not succeed on that. Eyebite takes hold. Get this little marker on there, on its neck, like a little-- There we go. So as your spell completes on it, you can see its form contracts for a second and its head hangs a little less strong as it did previously. It almost goes slack for a moment from the impact of the spell affecting its physical form. All right, so it has disadvantage on attack rolls and ability checks, for as long as it lasts. All right, so that's your movement, that's your action, any bonus actions? A d10 inspiration die to you, Vex. (laughs) We'll see. I'll allow it, since you held your turn this turn anyways, yeah. (laughs) That's as much as you can get out. Percy, you're up. That's as far as you can get. 21 hits. Okay. Sure. The sharpshooter effect, you mean the deadeye? Oh, got you, got you, all right. 14 does not hit, unfortunately. As you load the second round, you pull Bad News in front of you and you go to fire, the ground actually shakes beneath you. There's a quaking. Not sure if it's from the creature or just the atmosphere around you, but as you do the gun just misfires and, well, it actually doesn't misfire, but it fires off into one of the side elements of the cave and you hear it ricochet off the rock. All right, that's 28 damage, 28 damage is not bad. All right, Vex, you're up. That's-- what's Trinket's movement? Is it 40? So he can go there. Six, actually seven, eight. So that'd be the full movement. Trinket is now stepping onto a bit of slick of ice and is like (unbalanced bear noises) but seems to be okay at the moment. Correct. Yep. Yep. As you release the arrow from the actual tension of the bow, as soon as it leaves your fingers it almost burns the tips as it races into this arrow of pure energy. As it divides in the middle of the air, you can see each arrow sparking off bits of electrical power on its-- Hits. Roll to see how many hit. Hits. 20 hits. Yeah, all three hit. All righty. Oof, all right. As each arrow slams into its side, you can see portions of its large chitinous, almost like armored shell crack and break open. And you can see now these streams of black worm blood are spilling down its side. And it starts shaking in place now in pain. All right. Yeah, she gets that once a day. 25 hits. 25. Oof. That is a nasty round. Well done. As this fourth arrow slams into its side there's a burst of fire from the impact and you can see it now. It's starting to shriek this horrible high-pitched multi-toned scream. All right, that ends your turn. Nah, no, it doesn't really. All right. Cool, so does Pike. Pike's going to follow in Keyleth's order and spend the round just keeping in place, very quietly. All right, top of the round again. Grog, you're up. All right. All right. Grog's just charging in. 23 hits. 20 hits. All three hit. These are non-Great Weapon Master, right? Reroll because you didn't say it, yeah. That misses, unfortunately. But the first two do hit. Yeah, you got to mention that before you make the attack. All righty. All righty. What's the DC on the sword effect, again? Is it 12? All right. So it succeeds its first saving throw and it succeeds its second saving throw. But you do see with each strike the intent of the sword to draw some of the strength and life force from the target. Not really making any effect, unfortunately. All right! Ending your turn, Grog, that vibration you feel in the ground, now? It's curious, because the worm itself is out of the ground, now. What caused you to lose your shot? You feel it grow stronger and stronger, before suddenly, nearby, a secondary, different-looking, but similar in size, worm comes bursting out of the base of the cavern. You can see now, as this bursts out, it's similar in size, but different. This one has a thicker body, it's a purple and white type exterior, and you can see frozen mist is just emanating from the outside of its open jaw. As this one rears back, opens its jaw, and a burst of cold air and ice shards comes spraying out of its mouth-- Heading towards these-- actually, it would get the other worm too. I need a constitution saving throw from Grog and Vax. Yeah. Make your constitution saving throw. It's not a dex save. Constitution save. 21. All right. Good. Constitution saving throw. So, read your ability real fast, does it affect only dex saves? Right, but I think it may specify whether or not-- I'm just looking it up right now, give me a second. This is not dexterity. This is constitution. Yep, dexterity saving throw. So this does not affect this attack. Sorry. All right, so you both take half damage, as does the creature. All right! That's 40 points of damage, halved, that's 20 points of cold damage to each of you, and the purple worm. It has not gotten back to your turn, so no. All right. Now! It's Keyleth's turn. Yeah, don't point at the screen. Point it at the actual map. That's okay. You can try to, yeah. You can see Scanlan, you can see pretty much everybody but Trinket from this perspective, and you can't see Pike. Which one is this? All right, cool. So while in mist form, you guys have a flying speed of 300 feet, you have resistance to non-magical weapons, you can only dash. No. You've got to read your spell. You can take a minute to revert your form, but as of right now, all of you guys currently, everyone within 30 feet. You can see within range, so you can't see Pike. You've got to read the spell. Does not affect Trinket because you can't see Trinket. Doesn't affect you guys. Scanlan is just out of range. So Vex and Scanlan, you're unaffected. You watch half of the party turn into these gaseous forms. It takes a minute to revert to your actual form to be able to do any sort of attack. I know. Vax, it's your turn. You're made of wind. You can move. You can dash, or you can begin to revert, if you'd like. You get the feeling that if you want to return, it will take you a while because you don't really know what to do with your form. You cannot disengage. You can only dash in this form. So you move over. You dash over here. That guy's going to take an attack of opportunity on you. He's going to have disadvantage, technically, because you all of a sudden stopped moving and it just hears the sound. It rolled a three. No. It whips past you with its mouth biting at nothing. Okay. Ten rounds later, you will be a physical entity. A minute. You can shoot through him. He'll take half damage. Do you have Dispel Magic, Scanlan? Sorry. Did you make yourself mist, as well? You can't cast a spell in mist form, either. So who's left, currently? That finishes Vax's turn. That would be dope, but that would be way too powerful a spell for sixth level. This is more of a means of travel spell, or a means of escape spell. This creature, now, having been hit by the terrifying Eyebite spell, its insides churning and the impact from damage it's taken, it's looking like it had a harsh round last turn. As all of the movement suddenly (poof) vanishes and there's no general movement, the last thing it recalls that was in its vicinity and still shifting with a heartbeat across the ground is you, Scanlan. (impact noise) It bursts out of the ground right in front of you. It brings its jaw down over the top, with disadvantage. That's a natural 20, so thank god it has disadvantage. 19. Okay. Okay, go ahead and roll a d10 to reduce that from the attack. That's a 19 plus nine. This is 28 is what it rolled total. It rolled a 19 on the dice. Okay, so as you're singing this, its jaw comes down on you (slamming sound), bites down painfully onto Scanlan for-- that's the wrong dice-- 19 points of piercing damage. And I need you to go ahead and make a dexterity saving throw. Those of you who are watching, you see as the mouth (impact sound) chomps down on Scanlan and as it pulls away, Scanlan is nowhere in sight, having been swallowed by the purple worm. You are blinded and restrained, and yeah. You just see darkness and you feel the muscles constricting as you're forced down its throat. As your feet splash into what seems to be some sort of highly acidic liquid that resides in the inside of its body. Sure, we'll say that. However, I do need you to make a concentration check because of the damage you sustained on this. I know, I'm trying to keep up on that more now. Because of your feat that you took. All right so, it's a constitution saving throw and half the damage you took. So you're trying to beat a nine. So 12. So yes, you succeed. So you currently, even though you're constrained, you're still maintaining your Eyebite spell against the purple worm. All right. So that ends the worm's turn. Scanlan, it is now your turn. Correct. (sizzling sound) Not fun, not fun. It's sickened currently by the spell effect you put, yeah. SAM; I'm going to cast, at level five, Thunderwave. With my Hand Cone of Clarity up in my grill. I'm going to explode him from the inside. It makes a constitution saving throw. That is a 16 on the saving throw. So, 6d8. 22 points of-- Okay. It (impact sound) booms from the inside and you can see a central part of the worm (muffled boom) billow out like a cartoon as this bit of smoke emanates from its mouth. Just the sheer force of it forces you a little ways up its throat, but not enough to jettison yourself out of its body. Its muscles are too strong and you feel like you need to do a little more damage to it from the inside to be able to escape. It hurt it, yeah. It took some damage. And at this point as well, you (grunt) feel your body being pulled inward and crushed by the muscles. Percy. You're up, Mr. Mistform. Correct. (affirmative sound) That's all you can do. Or begin to try and revert, which will take ten rounds. You know, that's a good question. I think you can still move around, you just think you have to have concentration towards it, I'll have to-- You can use your action to begin to revert your form, yeah. However, nope! Reverting takes a minute, during which time a creature is incapacitated and can't move. So yeah. So currently-- It took me ten seconds to read it! Eight hours. Not if you're in wind form, no. You cannot take any other action aside from dash or reverting when in this form. I mean, you could try to. You would surround it with smoke. I mean, that can be attempted. How are you going to do that? No, you can't talk in this form. What are you trying to do? Okay, so you swirl this way as a dash and attempt to make an impact. I'll say go ahead and make a strength check. Yes. With disadvantage and a serious penalty. Because you're mist. Go for it. Okay, roll again, because it's with disadvantage. All right. As the coldish mist of Percy batters itself helplessly and ineffective against the body of the giant frost worm creature, seeming to no effect as it's now keeping itself attentive on what is nearby and within its range of motion. Well, you can continue to use your movement; you only moved a short bit. Okay, it does attempt to take an attack of opportunity as it just feels you rush by. Nah, it misses. Rolled a two. All right. So, that end your turn? All right, Vex, you're up. Oh, I get to make the save to see if the Eyebite maintains itself. That would be a-- no, it rolled a ten and it's minus two on its wisdom save. So it still has disadvantage on its attacks. There are, actually. There's a number of them. Just in this general vicinity there's a whole mess of them up above from just the natural formation of it. Whereabouts? Over there? Okay. All right, so, okay. The frost worm is in the way to hit that angle, so you may have to move to do so. You have to probably move this way to get around him just to hit him at this angle just because it's such a large entity. What you got? Go ahead and make a general dexterity check. 17? Okay. As you move past, stepping as gingerly as you can, you can see it slap; it moves its face in the direction of where you're going, but you just manage to move beyond where it thought you were, and it misses you as you move by. So now you have visual on it. Okay. Conjure Barrage up here. Go ahead and roll damage. 19 damage? All right. And with that, you release a blasting torrent of arrows at the ceiling in this giant cone blast. It strikes into the ceiling through the force of the magical bow that you're holding. You can see a number of rocks in bits and pieces begin to chip off, and a few small stalactites crack and plummet downward. I need a dex save from Grog and Keyleth. Dex save. You do. You just take half damage from non-magical sources. You have resistance to non-magical weapons. No. You take half damage because you're misty. What did you roll? There you go. All right, so that is a total of seven damage to Keyleth, halved to four because you're in mist form. Seven damage to the frost worm. Yep. They fell on it. Four damage to you. Actually, no damage to you because you completely dodged out of the way. Okay. 13? Because of your half-elf eyes, able to see in this dark interior of the cavern, I'd say yes, that hits. Barely. 11 damage, all right. 11 damage. It falls. Yeah, it does not make its resistance to the fall, so the stalactite falls. Larger than the previous ones that were knocked out by the barrage that loosened it up. This one crumbles, slamming into the head of the frost worm for three points of bludgeoning damage. All right. Okay, good to know. All right. Ending your turn, it's now Pike. Pike, who currently is confused by the circumstances that have currently happened. She steps out. She's not mist. She steps out. Keyleth left the alcove after saying stay still, she saw a few individuals turn to mist on the outside. She's very worried and confused by the circumstances. Pike comes around the corner. "Guys? What's happening?" And all she sees is you disappear into the shadows on the side, Trinket being very quiet, and mist swirling in the space around as these two giant worms (growls) as parts of the cavern are collapsing into it. She doesn't see you do it because you're hidden. No, she doesn't see you. She doesn't roll high enough perception. Right now, she feels alone and doesn't understand what she can possibly do in this. She doesn't have any indication of what to do in the circumstance, so she is going to-- She does. She doesn't know what's happening. She's going to cast Flame Strike, 5th-level spell. It's a ten-foot radius. She's going to blast this one right here, which is the one she sees now closest to her proximity and being ice-based. So that's 8d6 radiant damage. 32 points of fire damage. Does not make its save. Suddenly from the ground, you see the rocks shake and lift for a second before a beam of divine fire (explosion) comes bursting out of the ground in a ten-foot radius around this worm. However, I do need a dexterity saving throw from both Grog and Keyleth. 16? So that's going to be 32 damage to that. That's going to be 16 damage to you, Grog, and 32 damage to you, Keyleth. Fire and radiant damage. As she just sees mist in the air around the frost worm and has no indication of exactly what happened. However, the frost worm did take it as well. That's going to end her turn as she isn't quite sure what to do at that point. That brings us to the top of the round, Grog. Okay. All right, that brings us to-- Okay. You'll be there for a minute doing so. You can't move any further. You can't move, you're just sitting there focusing on-- incapacitated. Okay. All right, that completes your turn. Now we come to the frost worm's turn. The frost worm, first and foremost, it gets its frost breath back. It turns this way, burrows underneath, and, seeing all the movement to this side, goes ahead and unleashes a secondary frost breath in this direction. That will only affect the purple worm and Vax. I need you guys to make constitution saving throws. Correct. Correct. Seven? Nope. Purple worm also does not make it, so that'll be to both of you... No. Seemingly, in this moment you see now, there is not a kinship between them. If anything, they both arrived due to feeling the same movement and one is currently now attacking whatever is large and in the area that it doesn't recognise the center movement of. 36 points of cold damage to you. 36 points to the purple worm. No, it is magical damage, not blunt damage, so you just take it. Especially as mist, cold is bad as mist. All right, so with that, the purple-- He did. Both of them are still there. Yeah. Looking a little rough, but it's still alive. All right, that ends its turn. Now it's Keyleth's turn. Yep? If you wanted to, because it is your spell that you cast, even though it's technically not concentration-- What were you going to say? No, what's up? I'm saying, because you cast a spell that wasn't a concentration spell, if it was a positive effect, which it technically is, and you did not want it, you could cancel the spell. I'd let you do that. If you wanted to. What did I not read? One action. It says one action on my thing. Does it? Thank you, Fight Club Five. Let's see what the Player's Handbook says. In the Player's Handbook, Wind Walk is one minute, you're right. Fight Club Five failed. Or I have to update it. Either way. No, It might have been fixed since, I've just got to update it. All right. Well, anyway. In a bit of druidic inspiration, you manage to, very quickly, for the first time-- Being as an Air Ashari, this is your realm of expertise, and your first time using it, you were so excited that you managed to accelerate the casting of the spell, regardless of the situation it may have created, so, what do you want to do? No, because technically it shouldn't have happened, because it was a one-minute casting time. There are many things in that spell that were not read, by the caster, so I'm giving you the opportunity to correct the mistake, if you wish not to take it, you can. This was a very hard and valuable lesson for casters. Yeah. And there's rubble on the ground next to it from where the original cave-in happened All of you who are mist form now revert, and you fall about five to ten feet and catch yourself on the ground, no harm no foul. Did you want to move first over here to do it? So you shift over, you drop the spell. Okay. Make a strength check. Correct. Just a strength check; add your strength modifier. 18. All right. So, as you slide down, you grab onto some of the loose rock and (rockslide) they come tumbling down as you slide down. So you land here, at the base of the two worms, and rocks tumble around you at the base of the cave-in. And you get the sensation that you may have made a decent bit of racket right around your feet. I'd say you have half your movement. I don't know. What do you want to do? Okay. You're going to Doctor Grant this. Got it. Okay. Keyleth, that ends your turn, Vax, you're up. You now have your physical form again. So as you rush over and grab onto her, you both (poof!) in a Nightcrawler-esque poof of smoke, as it settles, you are both no longer there, as-- What's the range on the Dimension Door? I believe it is. Dimension Door, yeah, it's fine. 300 feet, you're fine. You guys appear over by Grog now. It goes right to the edge, right there, and this is where it would go down the side of a giant, icy mountain. You guys are at the very, very top of a very cold, cragulous part of the Cliffkeep Mountains. You have one attack right now. You went up and did your action already. Okay. What's the range on your dagger? 60 feet. Just misses. You go (knife sound) and it just tumbles, scrapes across the ground, stops at the base of the worm, and then vanishes. All right, that ends your turn. Now it is this guy's turn. At the top of his turn, Scanlan, you-- all right. You take... 23 points of acid damage as it begins to digest you from the inside. Are you? No, poison. No. (laughter) As the frost worm and the purple worm are now clashing in this space, they both turn, hearing the sound. Now, the frost damage that had impacted the purple worm last turn, let's see if it-- Nope! It's going to retaliate for that, it's going to attempt to make a bite attack against the frost worm. That is going to be a 12, that is going to miss. However, hearing the noise, it's going to make a tail attack at the direction that Keyleth is-- That's a natural one. As it arcs through, it (impact) right next to your head and then pulls out of the rubble. The rock to your left is now cracked and broken with a giant hole where the stinger had placed itself. Yeah. Disadvantage on those attacks from that Eyebite is really bad. So that's been very helpful from Scanlan's point. By the way, Scanlan, make another concentration check because of the-- Yeah, you're fine. Okay. That ends the purple worm's turn, it's going to stay right there. Actually, no. It's going to burrow away, as currently it's made its attacks. It's going to burrow into the ground, and is currently not within anyone's visual range. You can sense that it's underneath the ground, somewhere in this cavern. That brings us to Scanlan. It's going through the ground, you feel it moving around. Yeah. It's acid. You're feeling yourself digest within its body. You can if you'd like to, from the inside of its body, yeah, go ahead. No, no, no, I'll let you do it because you've been very close and personal with it. Go for it. Intelligence. Add your intelligence modifier. 16, okay. You've heard of these types of entities before. You're uncertain whether or not it has a resistance to poison, per se. You get the sensation probably, based on the fact that it uses poison, you would think so, but nothing else about its body seems to be poison-related or of the essence of poison. As part of its tail. The stinger you saw it use earlier does seem to have some-- You don't know. But you do know, also, that if you were able to probably do enough damage from the inside, it would probably throw you back up. You also get the sense that since you're currently underground, now would be a bad time to do that. As far as you know, yeah. You could Dimension Door, in theory. As part of the spell you can either visualize a place you can see, or one you can describe by stating distance and direction. So you've already been inside the room, you know what it looks like, so if you think you're somewhat close by-- In theory, yeah. Okay. Where do you want to appear within the room? Okay. So, you-- He didn't see that. Last thing he saw was you were right next to him before he got eaten. So you disappear from the inside of its stomach and appear in a puff of smoke. Briefly, before you were swallowed, yes. d10 inspiration die to you, Keyleth. Ends your turn, Scanlan. Percy, you're up. You just caught yourself on the ground on the far end, by the tunnel. Hold your action, you mean? So you want to move anywhere or are you going to stay where you are? All right. Cool. That ends Percy's turn as he's holding his action until it returns. Vex, you're up. That's your second and final use this day. 17 unfortunately misses. Your flaming arrow streaks off the darkness of the cavern and just passes it before it slams against the far cave wall. Do it! Hey, those are still helpful. An arrow isn't a very hefty thing when it's by itself hitting stonework. It makes a noise, you can barely make out, we'll see if it's enough to distract it. Are you going to stay where you are? What are you going to do? Are you going to move? Do you want Trinket to move? Are you going to stay where you are? Okay, gotcha. All right, Pike, now, seeing everyone revert, and seeing this kind of awkward situation of these creatures moving about is going to-- Yeah, and-- She can't see you because you're on the other side of the wall. Sure. I would recommend moving to one side of the cavern or the other, because right now you're still out in the open. It's kind of hard to hide if you have nowhere to hide. But you also get the feeling that these creatures-- being visually hidden is not affecting it at all. All right. So you stay still. Pike stands still, figuring that it was helpful last time but feeling bad for accidentally-- now seeing the mist reverting to her friends-- that she blasted them on the previous round. Let's see. She didn't realized in the moment that you guys turned into mist while she was in the corner. I'm pretty sure she has another 5th-level spell, and this would be the last of them. She's going to go ahead and Flame Strike again on the frost worm. This time centering it around there, so the ten-foot radius only hits the worm and doesn't see any allies nearby. So that will be 8d6. 33 points of damage. Natural 20 on the save, though, so it takes half the damage. 17 points to the frost worm. All right, Pike casts that and then stays perfectly still in space, she still has some motion and some speech to it, but her feet are planted firmly on the ground. Hopefully that's enough. And that finishes her turn. Back to the top Grog. Okay. The frost worm, it's now its turn. It does not get its frost breath. However-- It is! There is a rock slide. That Keyleth is standing in. Thank you for the reminder. It's going to turn around. You can see now, its tail emerges, and it's going to arc up and try and bite and slam in your direction with both sides of its body at once. This tail does not have a stinger on it, but it is still a giant bludgeoning implement. First attack is going to be a 19 to hit? Next one is going to be a 16 to hit. All right, so the tail slams on the ground next to you, estimating your position and failing and just hitting the rocks that you had slid down. However, it does bite down with its open, icy jaws. You take 17 points of piercing damage, as well as an additional six points of cold damage. 22, yeah. Let's see if it makes any sort of perception check. Okay, cool. That ends its turn. It's now Keyleth's turn. It senses that it impacted something and something that reacted and tasted like it had been bitten, so you get the sense that it knows you're there. You are. Okay. Cast Blight on Taliesin! All right. Constitution saving throw. What's the DC on that? 18. It does not make it. 16. So 8d8 necrotic damage to it. 33 points of necrotic damage to the frost worm. As you reach out with your hand and grasp it, you can see now its icy white exterior all of a sudden shudders in place and you can see small cracks of black veins begin to spring out from your hands into its body. Its frozen breath all of a sudden thaws briefly into a dripping drool as it is stunned momentarily, and it pulls away, wrestling itself from your grasp. It did not enjoy that at all. So that's your action. As a bonus action? I don't see why not. That ends your turn, Keyleth. Vax, you're up. You could. You can get behind her. Yeah, because of your haste, you can move 60 feet. Okay, go for it. It is just-- or no, it's within 30 feet. Hits, hits. All three hit. All right. All right, as your barrage of blades (spinning noises) go spinning right over Pike's head, she feels the actual wind distortion (puff) past her hair, sending strands kind of wafting in front of her face as she just stays perfectly still, trusting you. The blades all (impacts) sinking into it, one of which strikes an area of the side of its body armor where the plates on the armor had seemed to be cracked from the blackened veins from her Blight spell. As it does, the dagger doesn't even stop and plunges directly into its body, and you can see a gout of dark, deep red blood just (spurt) out from the wound. It (screeches) shakes in place from the impact, the pain, it's starting to look a little harsh. All right, ends your turn! That brings us to the purple worm. Purple worm is going to now emerge from the impact-- It's going to burst out from the ground where you and Pike are as the last motion that it felt was you rushing over across the ground. (boom) It comes tearing through, making its bite attack against you and its tail attack against you as well, because of Pike not moving. Yes? Technically, no, because it has reach. And it just kinda swerves around the inside and it knows this cavern pretty well as it's been through here a few times. So. That's going to be a 23 to hit on you? For the bite attack. Oh, with the disadvantage-- sorry, the second roll-- thank you for reminding me there. It would have been a 13 on the second one plus nine, that would be 20. To halve the damage? Yeah, you can do that on this one. But first then there's the bite. I will do that now. That is 21 points of piercing damage? With it halved? 21 halved would put you at 11. Okay. The tail stinger's going to swing at you with disadvantage. That is 14. Rolled a six and a five. So, as the bite clamps down at you its tail tries to strike at you but misses entirely. However, its jaws attempt to close around you, I need you to go ahead and make a dexterity saving throw. 16. As you try and move out of the way, it's not quite fast enough as darkness takes you, the mouth (slam shut sound) clamps around you, (gulp noise) and you are swallowed. That ends its turn. Now having it appeared, as this round has happened, I would like both Grog and Percy to-- How many points into it? Okay! That adds plus six to your misfire. So you have like a 46% chance of misfiring on this shot. Well, it adds plus two to your misfire per point spent. So that would bring it to a misfire of seven. Okay! So take your shot. But if he hits it's two additional dice damage to it. You rolled a seven? As you rear back, get ready to fire, all of a sudden, you pull the trigger and the way that you had customized the barrel to blast additional black powder blows up in your face and the gun actually bends out of the way and you feel the impact-- That's a saving throw reroll, that's not an attack, unfortunately. Yeah, the weapon misfires, doesn't do damage to you but the blast does not take off. You would have to repair the Bad News to use it again. Okay, so you drop Bad News, take two shots. Go for it. That hits. All right. How do you want to do this? Okay, as you take one shot (gunshot noise) it blast the side of the wall, its head turns towards you, seeing the sudden movement, and as you do you aim up, aiming for the back of its head. You fire. This time the bullet strikes true, right into the back of its throat. You can see now (explosion noise) the blowout which is a small hole in the back of its throat, you can see the cavern behind it and a little bit of light that is peeking through. It (groans) and just (impact) falls across the ground here. The Eyebite spell no longer effective but it is, currently, still there, holding the area. Yep, you feel it (impact) collapse on the ground and it's not moving and the muscles go lax around you. It's now Grog's turn. As you rush up, leaping onto the body of the now-deceased purple worm, you bring the blade up and begin carving through. Go ahead and I'll say you manage to, over the course of this round, you don't have to roll for it. You just begin to tear through it with the blade repeatedly, gashing it open until eventually you can feel the blows from the outside. Just a moment. I would like you to go ahead and make an attack roll with disadvantage. All right, go ahead and roll damage. 17, so, as you strike through you feel yourself hit something else within the purple worm, and as the wound opens up, you can see Vax's bleeding, unconscious form slip out of the purple worm's body, onto the ground of the icy cavern. All right, that ends your turn? Yeah. All right. (laughter) That was your saved attack. Now, finishing that turn, Scanlan, you are up. No, not from your position. As far as you know, he's still been swallowed. Currently, if you aim it properly. It's a big radial spell. Yes. You could aim it in such a way-- Okay. Fireball's a powerful, dangerous spell, if things are in close quarters, but against mass amounts of enemies, it's brilliant. All right. Go for it, go ahead and roll damage. Yep, that is an 11 on its dexterity saving throw. Full damage. 31 points of lightning damage to it. All righty! As you step to the side, releasing the bolt of lighting energy, it blasts into the front of its face. You can see one of its jaw mandibles gets torn off from part of the impact, you can see now the deep red blood begin to pool on the side of its face and drip down as it looks over, whipping its head in your direction. Yeah, you only moved ten feet, so you still have 15 more feet. Go for it. All right, that finishes Scanlan's turn. Percy, you're up. Okay. 17 just barely hits. Okay, both hit. Your pistol now needs to be reloaded. Good. (gun firing twice) Both shots go off, (click) the third one kind of clicking. You go to reload, you can see both blast across the front of its body, leaving little reddish dots on its midsection as each bullet sinks into it. It's still standing, still writhing about. You can see it's bleeding from many different wounds and it's not looking too great, but it's still standing. Stay where you are or you going to--? All right, Vex, you're up. All righty! 29 hits. Both hit. Nice. Got it. Both arrows (impacts) sticking into its side, you can now see multitudes of the shafts sticking out. It's still standing. It's a hardy, hardy creature. You want to move or you want to stay where you are? Okay. That's all right, ends your turn. Trinket's still sitting there wanting to help, but not able to do anything. All right. Pike screams out, "Vax!" and runs up the body, climbs up to the top and jumps off, landing next to your unconscious self. Reaches down and is going to use her one 6th-level spell, Heal. So you immediately regain 70 hit points. Clerics, man! You come to consciousness, taking the deep breath-- The cold air from the cavern that you inhale stings your lungs, and you look over and Pike's there before you, eyes wide. Goes from a serious frown and a worried, furrowed brow to a big smile as you come back to consciousness. "Vax!" as she goes and hugs you. So you're back up, that finishes her round. Grog, you're up. Leaping over-- (grunt, running sounds) Okay. You can use them all. All of them are affected now. All right! So, advantage on all of your attacks. Hits. Hits. All right, go ahead and roll damage. 26. How do you want to do this? As you see Grog staple himself to the top of this now-standing, 20-25 foot tall creature, he, using his barbarian strength to leap up on the top, sinking the blade into the back of its head. Immediately it rears back, its whole back arching. As it does so, you just use the heft of your weight, grinning as you drive the blade down the entirety of its body. As you grind down to the surface, you can see its armored back just pop open, like a freshly cooked sausage-- just the insides spill out onto the ground. By the time Grog reaches the ground, you are coated in thick, thick crimson. Strangely enough, even though the blood is liquid, you feel almost like this crystalline force, like there are actually ice crystals within the blood stream itself from the cold that emanates from its body-- Yes! And as you land and hit the ground, its body slaps forward, barely missing Keyleth as it wet hits the ground. Almost like a shrimp that had its entire back torn open. It's just in two pieces face down on the ground. Right there. "You did good, my friend. Very, very good." It's like smatterings of single pieces across the floor, but this one tunnel, the hoard itself is pouring into the tunnel left behind. Slapping the stone and pouring all the rest of the gold you can get your hands on inside this-- Giant scoops into the Bag of Holding. It's just pouring off the sides of it onto the ground and you're having to scoop it back up inside. Okay! Make a nature check real fast. All right. You get over there pretty quick. Okay. As Keyleth checks, you check the frozen body. Oh. oh! The frozen man. Okay. Keyleth. You take a moment to cut through and there's the other undamaged mandible, the eye appears to be undamaged but those are all going to be very careful, time-intensive things to remove properly. There isn't much that can really be pulled from this other than that. There's not a whole lot of material on-- You can bottle some of the blood, yeah. Okay, so you bottle some of the blood-- Okay, so you remove a mandible. So you can mark that down. All right, so you guys are gathering money. You step up to it. I mean, most of the armor-- The parts that you pull on, that are like big hefty chunks that would be of any real use, are part of its body. The few that are busted from the damage you dealt to it throughout the combat, they're such small pieces and they crumble at your touch. You go ahead and you grab onto him, and he's actually frozen to a coat of ice that is left in there, and looking at the ice pattern, you get the sensation that that frost worm may have frozen him in there, had seen him previously and, unable to reach him within the very back of that alcove, just frost breath-ed, this one or another like it did so. Okay, so you begin to slowly-- Okay. So, anything else you want to do? Okay. The ice slowly begins to melt, you gather you probably have another five to ten minutes before he'll be free. You're still gathering gold, it's going to take you a while to get all this, it's a lot of-- it's a small opening-- Probably, to get all of it? Another probably 15 minutes or so. Because you have to like get in the cavern and pull out chunks, so it's a big hoard. As you're having this conversation, the ground begins to quake and you can just see-- All right, as you all rush around the corpses, heading towards the teleportation circle, you-- Giving yourself a lift as you're pushed along over the course, you guys rush over to the teleportation circle, right as you hear the ground erupt about 30 feet behind you. In a very similar fashion as the initial arrival of the worm, and you hear a similar shrieking sound. It is another purple worm. A larger one. Immediate comparison? You get the idea, and as you were tearing it apart-- Both of these were adolescent. They weren't fully grown. All of you guys rush onto it, one after the other, onto the teleportation sigil, the sigil carrying each of you back to your destination before the purple worm can reach you in time, you all now find yourselves standing in the room beneath the house that previously belonged to Krieg, safe, with as much gold as you could carry in the time period you had. We'll come back to that in a minute, but first we're going to take a little break for the restroom, guys. So we'll see you back here real fast, we'll make this a quick break, and see you soon. Bye, guys. [break] Same setup where you left it, but the same pattern to escape that you recall from before. Still the same pattern, so you guys all, thankfully, due to Vax's viselike memory, follow the path through the tiles to avoid the traps that are set entering that room. You make your way back up the stairs to the gallery room that contained the tapestries, the domino set, the gold tea set, the skull with the gem, all those things. Pike? Hearing this conversation and still glad that everyone survived this end of this whole circumstance, goes "Well--" (laughter) "But we also made a deal. And we're people of our word." It's still turned away, and I believe you put a tapestry over it. Okay, make-- no this is fine, it's relatively light. As you guys are having this conversation, Grog just bolts out of the house. Just runs up the stairs, out through the foyer, and is-- LAURA and Right. You all rush out. You're now out of the foyer. You burst out the front of the home itself. You're in the front yard at this point in time, in the slightly dead grass. The sun's still high in the sky, late afternoon at this point. Grog. Make a deception check. I'm going to say, over the course of everyone listening, Grog hasn't been really fancy with wordplay or deception. He's a very blunt, upfront person, and it's very awkward to see a childlike mind attempt to convey a fictional story like the one he's been pretending. Pike walks up. "Yeah?" She does give you this concerned look that only a possibly disappointed friend can give you, like, "I am worried about you, Grog." So as you guys are standing in front of the house, Vax just steps out into the center of the Cloudtop District, in the direction towards the exit. "Yeah. Grog, anything." "What do you mean?" "We've been told something similar before, and that didn't go too well. Put the skull down, please." "Grog, please, trust me? Put the skull down." "I know. Do you trust me?" "Put the skull down, Grog." Okay. The tapestry clatters to the ground and opens up, and the skull rolls for a second and stops on its side. You can see now, the golden skull is just resting there. The gem still with the intricate filigree, buried within the eye socket. Pike turns to the rest of you and calls you over. "We don't know what this is. And dangerous magics are drawn to imagery like this. "Let us see what this is about, first." "I had a feeling before." And she pulls out her healing symbol and casts Detect Good or Evil again in the direction of the skull. You can see she recoils the moment that she concentrates. "The "aura is definitely evil from this object." "You have to take it to somebody who knows it or spend some time with it, perhaps." Just laying right there, off to the side. The empty one? Okay. You lift it up. Okay. Vex, as you approach it and go to throw the cloth over it, you get a brief view of the gem that's in the socket. And where there was a slight shimmer to its surface when it was looking to before, you can now see briefly what looks like some sort of a ghostly face appears across the surface for a second and then fades. You throw it over it. Allura's in Whitestone right now. Right now, it's mid-afternoon. Two, three o'clock in the afternoon. "I don't know. We wanted to go talk to Uriel." "I should walk with you with the skull." Okay. So, as you guys make your way back to Greyskull Keep with the skull, keeping it properly covered so you're not walking through the city with a giant gold skull at the end of a sword. You head towards the palace. You make your way through the front to the outer doors. The throne room is currently closed, and there is heavy guard up, and upon you approaching, "I'm sorry. Do you have "business with Uriel?" "All right." "All right. Hold on." He steps inside. The doors close. About two minutes pass. The guard comes back out. "I'm terribly sorry. Uriel currently is in a very heated discussion and "cannot take guests at the moment. Would you like me to relay a message?" You can go ahead and make a deception check with advantage. He goes, "Other guards? Uriel himself just told me I can't let anyone inside." "All right, fine." And he opens the door. You guys walk in, and there you see the entirety of the rest of the Council of Tal'Dorei. You see Tofur Brotorus, you see Seeker Asum, you see-- what the hell is his name? The other guy. Arbiter Brom. They're all gathered in this discussion. Uriel looks up immediately and says, "I'm sorry, we're not taking any--" "Technically, no, but yes, what is your business?" There's a long, internalized sigh. Not out of frustration, just more out of being lost in thought and a little sad. He goes, "All right. Very well." "Everything's fine. What would you like to bring to the council?" He looks around. "These are my trusted advisors and my trusted palace guard. Yes." "So, Krieg's estate, which was sold off after his disappearance over a year ago, you're "telling me contains some sort of evil portal." "Was this built by the new owner?" "Built by Krieg? How are you certain of this?" "Where is Krieg now?" "All right. Well, we'll send a security force to keep a very close eye on the house while "it is investigated." "All right, if you'd like. I was going to wait until Allura returned and I was going to "assign her to it, but if you feel confident, then I will leave the investigation in your hands." "I will." Asum chuckles a little bit. The rest of them acknowledge, Tofor gives a nod, and Uriel closes his eyes for a second and rubs his temple and goes, "I appreciate the information. If you "please, we have matters to discuss." "Certainly." "Thank you." They wait as you guys leave the chambers. The guards close the doors, and you're welcome to go. There are a number of various WCs, water closets, throughout the palace. They're not going to let you crap in the middle of the throne room! The guards are pushing you out of the throne room. This is a very private meeting. "Sorry, Miss. Orders of Uriel." They push you out and close the doors. You have been, yes. Do you take your potion? Okay. All right. You fly through, over to the doors. The front doors? How are you getting into the throne room? Yes. There is a slight gap on the bottom. As you come by, one of the guards swings at you. You dodge out of the way without issue and make your way underneath the doors and raise your flight pattern. Okay. Go ahead and make a dexterity saving throw. Okay. As you cruise in for a moment, you can see the throne room itself, in its round pattern, has designs carved into the walls, almost like Celtic knots. There are a number of these designs right towards the sides of each entrance that previously just looked like a design, but they emit a dull glow for a second, and a burst of arcane energy comes out from them. You find your form immediately unfurl into that of Scanlan the gnome, which then plops back onto the ground, your Polymorph spell dispelled. All of a sudden, the talk stops and the entire council turns back towards the entrance as you're catching yourself on the ground. "Good to know, Scanlan." "There isn't, Scanlan." He looks over to Tofor, and Tofor goes-- "We'll have it done. Thank you, Scanlan. Now, please." Yeah, you gather, due to recent events, that the magical defenses have been reinstated, with the current circumstances. The doors open again, and Vex, as you turn, you see Scanlan being led out of the doors. All right. You guys make your way back to Greyskull Keep. Vax is there, waiting. Oh, you didn't go back to the keep? "Noted. The order just came through. Don't worry. We're gathering a troop specifically for "this. Don't worry." "Very well." As you're leaving, you can see there are a few armed individuals, four, approximately, that are moving towards the house to stand guard and inspect the exterior, at the very least. You return to Greyskull Keep. You guys get there, as well. Grog, you return on your own, essentially, at this point, unless you're walking with them with the skull. Vax is nowhere to be found. You do find that Dr. Dranzel, that whole team is gone, except for Zed. Yes. Zed is currently having a little bit of ale in the dining room area, along with Jarett, who was assigned to watch over while they're at the keep. As you step inside, they all notice. Jarett, still with his crossbow loaded in his lap, though he's happy and jovial and conversational with Zed. "Ah, you've returned. Good to see all of you in good health. The rest have left into the city." Zed leans forward and goes, "Actually, it appears that Kaylie got in some sort of a serious "bar tussle last night and is currently being held in the stocks. The stockade. I get those words "confused. Stockade." He takes a sip of his ale. "The rest of the troupe's going to see if they can "get her out." "Yes?" "No issues, actually. They were good conversationalists. They were very aware of my "disposition, and I kept a very close eye on any movement, preventing them from leaving the room "unless they were as a group, except for their exit, in which Zed escorted me. There have been no "problems." At this point Zed breaks in and goes, (chuckles) "Indeed!" "It's Zed." He sets his drink down and pushes it away. "Should I go?" (bear grunts) Trinket lumbers over to you and (slurp). Licks the side of your face. (bear groan) Leans into you. Nearly pushing you off your feet from the sheer mass. (growls) Just growls at Zed, who stands up. "I'm just here to make sure that we continue our "deal when they return. I'm not-- I don't-- I just play the drums." "I--" Takes the empty and goes and refills it from a nearby cask. Approximately where are you right now? I love the whispers! All right, there is no response. He really is out of range. "Yeah," And she goes over and-- Okay, go for it. She throws down a couple of Cure Light Wounds. She's going to do 3rd level to each of you. Of Cure Wounds. This'll be 3d8 plus five to each of you. So 23 to you, and 21 to you, Scanlan. She'll do a third one to you, Keyleth. Because you're looking pretty rough, right Keyleth? You're looking pretty rough? So on top of that you get another 13. Pike's going to stay with you guys. All right, so. While you guys count the gold and what you managed to gather, you find in the-- Not a worry. You manage to pull from the hoard entirely, out of gold, silver, copper, platinum, the equivalent of 4,150 gold pieces. 4,150 gold. About 1,050 gold worth of gems. Yep, in gems. Mark that. And about 750 gold approximately of art items, knick knacks, things that you would have to find a specific seller to really get the money for them. Yeah, like small jade statues, bits of jewelry... Well, the gold equivalent of platinum is what it would be. The total amount is 4,000. But nice try. All right, so. You guys make your way-- After asking around a bit, you figure the closest stockade is the Promenade stockade. There are. But that's the one that's closest to the keep and the first place you should start. So you make your way towards the Promenade stockade. It's a fairly grim-looking grey stone building on the outskirts of Abdar's Promenade, which is a very, very, bombastic, colorful gathering of tents and buildings and various shopkeeps. As you walk to the outside of it, approaching, you can see immediately, there on the steps, is most of Dr. Dranzel's troupe, just sitting on the outside steps with two guards at the door. And they're all talking amongst themselves, waiting outside. Dr. Dranzel is not amongst them. As you begin to step closer-- (laughs) As you step closer, you can see they wave you down, and they recognize you and approach you with an excited look on their face as if they now have some sort of backup. So Kent Plucker approaches you as you approach and goes like, "Scanlan. Good thing "you're here. I think we may need your silvered tongue to go ahead and help us out in this "endeavor. Dr. Dranzel's inside; he's been arguing with the warden for quite some time. We're trying "to get Kaylie out." "She got in a bit of a bar fight last night, it seems. Messed up quite a few gentlemen and all "of them are arrested and being held inside. They're wanting a bit of change to do the damages "and pay for the fine of whatever else she's done. And, well, we're not keen on really paying fines, "so we're trying to see how much we can get out of this with our--" "I don't know. We didn't go in as a full group. The guards wouldn't let us." "I haven't seen her. You'll have to go inside to find out." They all look at each other. "If it's fine by you, we're going to wait for Dr. Dranzel." So you guys approach? You come to the front steps of the stockade, there are two guards there, with tower shields and what looks like halberds to each of them. One of them steps forward, putting his shield out. Not in an aggressive way, but definitely in an attention-gathering way. "Do you have business here "in the stockade?" "The warden is indisposed in conversation at the moment." Make a persuasion roll. I'll say with advantage due to the very, very, intense, believable stare of Scanlan backing you up. He gives a nod. "All right, but good luck." The two guards open the doors, and as they do you can already hear raised voices shouting back and forth. Can't really make out the words, but as you step into the inside you can see there is a clerk's desk. With a clerk sitting there, keeping one ear closed as he's trying to write in a book. To the immediate right of them, there is Dr. Dranzel in an argument with a gentleman with a well-kept mustache, thick over the top lip, slicked black hair that curls up in the back in a small poof. He's wearing a breastplate and is standing with an appearance of self-importance. At which point, as you approach, Dr. Dranzel turns and goes, "Oh good. Someone with actual--" Everyone gets quiet and the individual standing there goes, "Well apparently, he's the "man who's bothering me. Hm?" "I'm a performer." (slight chuckle) "Hmph." He adjusts his hat and-- The guards instinctively step up and take his arms and they lead him out. Dr. Dranzel, taken aback and the whole time he's looking at Scanlan with this look of like-- (boom) The doors close behind. The individual steps forward. "That, I'm afraid, would be me. (sly chuckle) Pleasure to meet you. I'm Warden Cyrus "Hume. What is your name?" "This does me no service." "Hmph." "Describe your performer, sir." (sighs heavily) "I know of the one you speak. The same one we're arguing-- I assume this other "individual that just left is one of your performers as well." Make a deception check. Okay. He goes-- "Good. Well, listen. There are fines for damages, or she sits until tried. Now." "The damages to the Nervous Brook pub are estimated to be upwards of 450 gold pieces, and "the fine for drunken battery and disturbing the peace amounts to 250 gold pieces. 700 total and I "would gladly let you take that rabid dug-grubber off of my hands." "Oh, will I?" "If you wish to discuss it with the three in question--" He points to one of the cells on the other side of the room and you can see that there is a set of bars, and you can vaguely see what looks like the shape of a person who's just slumped in the cell. Mostly cast in shadow. "Bar patrons. And they're all worse for wear." "The dog has teeth. Three against one, if the stories say true. The bar patrons and the "owner of the establishment all verified that she indeed started and finished it." "I'm not familiar with this check you speak of. I deal in gold, as does Emon. What good does "this do me in my station if I am to show up with a simple piece of paper?" "Stop wasting my time, if you're going to retrieve this invalid, do so quickly." Make a persuasion check. He rolled a natural 20. "Well, I appreciate your attempt to maneuver around my station of which you hold so clear. "You seemingly attempt to bribe a warden of the stockade in an attempt to retrieve what appears to "be a relatively... How do I put it? Immoral, destitute and feral creature." Okay! Roll for an attack. Plus your strength modifier. Ten. Percy, do you take it? Okay. Whack! A solid hit across the face. You have to lean into it and make it look more impactful than it really is. Roll another attack. 13. You whirl around, and one of the guards is rushing forward to try and break this up, and as you swing towards him, your fist collides with the side of his helmet. It definitely shakes him for a second. It doesn't do much in the way of damage, but it does kind of hurt your knuckles a little bit. Now the guard's like, (startled sound) and stumbles back a bit. The warden's now stepped forward and put his hand on the side of his blade and says, "Am I to "understand you walked in here and immediately struck a guard of the stockade?" "Well, would it make you feel better if he's thrown in prison?" "Oh, don't worry. You'll both be going." He looks to the side and two guards now, one of the ones that punched you and another one to the side both step up and are reaching-- You both have been manhandled and brought your hands behind. You feel manacles being pulled forth, and the warden's just looking down upon both of you. "Very well. Now." And you feel the release as the manacles come away. You are escorted out of the room. You are put in shackles, brought, and thrown into the same jail cell as Kaylie. As you're being pushed out? There's no answer at the moment. The doors close behind you, and you're thrust off of four steps. Make an acrobatics check. All right. You manage to catch yourself with a small tumble over the shoulder, land Willy Wonka-style, well stuck. As you're thrown, you hit the ground. You can see off in the corner of the cell, Kaylie, arms crossed, sitting on the ground. She leans forward a little bit, and you can see the light hits the side of her face, and she has a bit of a welt there and a bit of a black eye, but she doesn't look too worse for wear. Yeah, you'd hear that. As she leans forward, she goes, "Huh. Like father, like daughter, aye?" "Hm. Felt good. I like breaking faces." (laughs) "They had it coming. Don't know why, but I had a feeling somewhere in their life, "they probably deserved it. Most men do." "They were fuckwits. Their faces were so punchable." (laughs) "Apparently you've not done that very well." "Only one person's really hurt me recently." "Look, Scanlan. Father. I spent a lifetime hating you. I'd imagined the moment we would "finally meet for so long, planned it out in my head, had it all worked out. My idea of you, what "you'd be like, what you'd say, and you know what? Up until last night, I was pretty spot-on. I don't "know what I wanted. I have a lot to process, to think about. But I'd prefer not to do it in this "dank cell, so if you have a way out, please, now's the time to do it." There are two guards that are not watching directly, but they're muscled up against the bars and keeping an eye over the shoulder. Her eyes turn for a second and she goes, (chuckles) "I think that can be done." She leans up to the side of the bar and peeks her head out for a second. Closes her mouth, cups it with her hand, and you start hearing from the opposite side of the room, through arcane ventriloquism, these three different male voices going, "I'll fuck you up!" You hear punches and you hear all of this screaming and chaos. At which point, the two guards look over. One of them gives the other a motion, and they both run off to see the other side of the room. She looks back at you. As you reach for her, she still pulls away a little bit, but you still grab hold and (poof) puff of smoke. You guys (magic sound) appear outside, landing a couple of feet above the ground and catch yourselves. You're off to the side of the stockade where it meets with one of the nearby walls. No one seems to immediately notice you, other than a couple of people that are walking down the street that see two individuals appear out of the ether and land onto the ground. You guys head back towards Greyskull? All right. This is true! All right. Eventually, you guys make your way back. As you do, you gather, and about five minutes behind you, the rest of Dr. Dranzel's troupe arrives, looking a little bit frazzled and a little confused. He steps forward to the rest of you and goes, "I don't know what "you did, but there's a manhunt for two gnomes right now over by the Promenade. But good on you. "Might want to lay low for a little bit." "I think that's the plan. We were going to stay a few more days-- we had a couple of gigs "lined up, but I think we've pressed our luck far enough, so all right! Everyone feeling "spectacular?" He claps his hands and the rest of the troupe start grabbing their goods and their instruments and what little cases and bags they do. Kaylie runs off real fast and comes back with her one over-the-shoulder satchel that carries all of her worldly belongings. "Then let us be off." He gives a little tip of the hat to Scanlan with a nod. Looks to the rest of you. "We greatly "appreciate your hospitality. We're sorry for any confusion, misunderstandings, and general "debauchery. Good night to you all." He turns around and they all start walking out. Kaylie begins stepping and she stops and looks over her shoulder towards you, Scanlan, and says, "Don't "come looking for me. When I'm ready, I'll come find you." She turns back around and leaves. That they did, actually. The kitchen is cleaned out. All of the silverware. Jarett was one man keeping track of multiple people, with one very small, quick child that you were the only one able to keep an eye on. Oh, no, no, no. None of the rooms have been touched, except for the guest room where some of them were staying. Yeah, there wasn't much in there, but a couple of candlesticks, things that were just decor. Anything that could possibly be hocked for a little bit of change from those rooms is gone. You gather probably no more than two to three hundred gold worth of materials were taken in total. That includes fine cookware, that includes decor, that includes a couple of previous art pieces that you had collected-- It hasn't been delivered yet. That's probably in transit. You go and inspect pretty extensively. It does not appear that anyone has left you a Scanlan surprise. Skull is still in the workshop, yes. What do you guys want to do right now? At this point, it's closing towards dusk. 18? All right. You disassemble elements of the pistol. You get the feeling that the way it's weighted, to attach the hand mortar to the pistol, it's still going to continue to be a very unwieldy thing. You are probably best to design them as separate pieces. Unfortunately, the way the pistol's balanced, for aim and such? The mechanism that's required to lob an object for the mortar to be able to do any help with is going to throw off your ability to aim much with the pistol, going forward. Not to mention increase the misfire score by crazy amounts. But you could create them both separately and swap out as needed. All right. You guys spend the evening. You rest up, you're back to full health, you're good to go. As the morning comes around-- Yes? As you get to the workshop, you check the door and it is, indeed, locked. It's made of solid metal. It was constructed per specifications to be able to withstand concussive blasts in case of accident from the inside. You have no lockpicks. You can. Make a strength check. What did you roll? Ten. In trying to wedge the sword into the side of the door, you eventually feel a shift as you push. You feel it gives way, and you look and withdraw the greatsword, which is now bent at an angle to the side. Yeah, that sword's not going to be functional in combat any further. Okay. All right, so. Morning comes around. You guys come back rested. As you each individually come to consciousness and finding your way down, the first thing you're met by is a very perturbed Laina, who as soon as you come down, says, "I'm terribly sorry. I went to make breakfast, and "there's nothing to make breakfast with! I don't know what happened." To buy basic cooking supplies, it wouldn't be more than 30 gold to restock the entire kitchen. It was more other elements of the keep. Yeah. It was decent. It was functional. It was included with the keep. "I'm not much help around here right now, am I? All right." And she runs off, returning a short time later, with groceries, as well, that she found while she was out. Makes a fresh meal for all of you. Partway through breakfast, there is a knock at the edge of the dining hall, and you see Cordell, your half-orc guardian there. Has his big, heavy crossbow at his side. "Sorry to bother "you while you're eating. You have a messenger who wishes to speak to you at the front gate." "All right. Follow me." Did you come home? No? Vax has not showed up yet. As you go to the gate, it's opened up and you can see there, standing by himself, Seeker Asum. Hood back, bald halfling helm with his tattoos greeting you. He goes, "Hello, Vex." "I've come to request your presence at the Precepts Stage within the Cloudtop District near "dusk. All of Vox Machina, this evening, if you don't mind." "Uriel and I have been in extensive discussion these past few days, and the reveal of "Riskel's betrayal has had a profound effect on Uriel, and rumors have been spreading amongst the "district and the higher order of the city. Uriel is to make a statement regarding it and to prevent "any political intrigue will talk to the politically inclined populace first. As members of "the council, we would like for you to be there to help us based on the reaction. If you would be so kind?" "It's rather important." "It's nothing you need to worry about." "I think tonight's discussion will absolve any questions you have." "No. You're fine. You've done nothing." 23? He seems fairly forthright and honest. There is a sense of urgency to him. He's really insisting you guys be there. "Wondrous. I will notify the rest of the council. I look forward to seeing you this evening." "Yeah, I'll keep an eye out. I have a network in the city. I can probably locate him "within the hour, if need be." "No worries." He walks away. As he steps away, you look for a second. You glance away and look back, and he's gone. Untampered, room seems left as it was. Untouched. Jarett's already, by the way, off to the side listening to this whole conversation. "I sleep when I'm not needed. But it seems right now I am needed, and I am more than happy to "stand guard. It's what you pay me for." "You're being absolutely ridiculous. Continue." (laughter) "Of course." "No. This is true." "It'll be done." "All right." "Okay." "Yes, you do." "Very generous of you, Percival." And he sets up his chair in the far corner, staring at the door again, and sets his crossbow over his shoulder and just sits waiting. Now, Vax, what are you up to? Nope. You detect no movement inside whatsoever. Dark windows over the course of the evening, no sign. Okay. All right. Well, as you guys are walking back-- All right, make a stealth check. 27? All right. All of you that are out looking for him, make a perception check. As you guys spend a good portion of the morning scouting about the usual paths that you take as a group, knowing the back alleys and the various paths that you walk through Emon to ensure that you avoid the main thoroughfares and the most-used walkways, as you're glancing about you see a quick shadow shift past about the size of the individual you are seeking. You look over and you see Vax dart off around the corner and dodge down an alleyway. You faintly hear Keyleth's voice behind you. You guys spend the better part of the day searching for him. Asking questions, nobody has an idea. A few individuals try and squeeze some gold out of you. You eventually manage to gather they have no idea what they're talking about. By about early afternoon, two o'clock in the afternoon, you eventually make your way back to the keep, figuring that he'll find his way back if he doesn't want to be found. Upon arrival, the guards also haven't seen him. But once you go up to your room to get into more comfortable attire, your brother is sitting inside your room, waiting. Okay. As the sun draws across the sky, pushing towards dusk as the light blue begins to turn to a somewhat purplish-orange hue, you all gather your materials, whatever attire you wish to bring, and make your way towards the Cloudtop District. Anyone wish to do anything else? All right. Sherri works there. Going to ask. Sherri kinda greets you as you enter and goes, "Hello, Scanlan. Gilmore is back "in Westruun, weeks away from opening his new establishment, but can I help you?" She puts up her hand for a second and walks off through the beaded curtains in the back, and comes back with Gilmore. Gilmore steps forth. "Terribly sorry, Scanlan, trying to keep business right now kind of "on the DL. There's a special event tonight." And you see how dressed up he is. "I imagine, being "part of the council, you're probably invited too." "Oh, well, I'll accompany you!" "Well, what business did you have?" "Hmm, scrying. We've had this conversation before." "Not going to lie, I'm very glad to hear that." "That should be plenty. If I can't help you, I know a few that might be able to." "But! Nevertheless." And he adjusts his collar and he's very, very well dressed in his long, deep navy robes, a high collar that nips at the side of his neck. "Shall we?" He leads you out towards the Cloudtop. If you'd like to. The other clerk is probably a new hire, you haven't seen him here before. Young, early 20s, very, very thin hair, kind of waify. "Lockpicks? This isn't--" "I wish I could help. Those are outlawed, I'm sorry. That's not really--" As you're getting closer and closer to him, this, looming goliath who's feigning fear and worry in his face, the guy just retracts. "I'm sorry! I don't-- We're closing shop!" "Good night!" And he runs up the stairs to the second floor. "We'll come with you don't worry!" He puts his other arm out. The three of you arm in arm. Yeah! He's, like, lifted. Yeah! You skip along, the rest of you make your way to the Cloudtop, and you make your way around the stage and it's against the wall, near one of the entrances to the Cloudtop, but on the interior. And you can see there is a rather large stage up against the wall. There is already a crowd gathered. You see merchants, highborn families, political guests, upper-station military, a number of well-dressed representatives from all over Emon have gathered for this. You guys meet up with the rest of the group and you kind of, you know, gravitate. Gilmore gives everyone a quick wave and gives you a respectful nod. "Aha! Yes!" and he wanders off and starts mingling with some of the other guests. Just as the sun vanishes beneath the distant horizon, a procession of palace guards approach the area, the crowd parting, as Uriel arrives with the escort, flanked by his family, and the current inner council of Tal'Dorei with Arbiter Brom, Seeker Asum, Tofor Brotorus. Allura is absent of course, for being in Whitestone. They all step onto the stage along with the guards as well, as cheers and light applause begins to break out. Not crazy go wild, but just like (muted) "Hooray." Yeah, you know. You look up and-- you guys all gather this as well. You can see, piercing out of some of the cloud cover above, what looks to be two fast-moving streaks of color, black and red. They just-- (whoosh). And then you can't see them any more. You can make a hefty perception check if you like to see exactly how much detail you can make out. No. I'm giving her this because of her really high perception. 23. It's hard to make out details from this distance. They're moving quick. Uriel now goes, "I am beyond confident that all doubts in the capabilities of those I leave "the city to, and more--" And it's at this point you start hearing bells going off around the city. Tops of walls in the distance. You recognize these. These are warning bells. At which point the crowd starts murmuring and getting nervous, and Uriel puts his hand out. "Please, please. I--" Okay. You begin to concentrate on that for the moment. Asum now steps up and says, "Everyone, "if I might ask you to all quickly make your way to your respective homes. There is a small emergency "we must attend to." At this point, you guys hear this (whoosh) sound and you turn around just in time to see what looks to be a large, larger than you've seen before, white dragon just slam into the side of Allura's tower in the distance. Claws clunk into the side, digging into the stonework, wings unfurled, it looks into the upper window of where her actual parlor is and peeks in for a second before just unleashing a blast of icy cold magical breath into the inside of the tower. You can see now, screams start tearing around you as the guards start getting their weapons ready. At which point, the dragon pulls its head back and looks about at everyone screaming, and pushes off the tower. As it does you see the stonework crack, and the top of Allura's tower shatter-- -- and then begin to collapse, smashing into the city streets around you. At which point, the dragon (wingbeats) and takes off again above you. At this point in time utter chaos has been unleashed, and you can see now the guards are rushing Uriel off the table. You guys are there caught amongst this chaos. At this very moment, as the white dragon heads deeper into the city, you hear a loud impact that silences the chaotic air around you, as the wall that the stage is buttressed up against now has perched above it an enormous vision of death a grinning ancient green dragon. Its wings are curled around its form as it looks down at the rest of you in the middle of this open space and goes, "Delicious cattle. Raishan enjoys the taste of fear." LAURA AND At which point it leaps down onto the stage, crushing part of it. I would like you all to roll initiative. Grog and Vex were there. Percy was here. Pike was here. And this is the chaotic pattern of individuals amongst here. All right! Now, if I could go ahead and have the initiative scores from you guys. 25 to 20? Anybody else? All right. Okay. 20 to 15? All right. Ten to five? Oh, 14, sorry. 14. Scanlan, Pike is after you. Percy, what did you get? All right. Is it? Let me see if I can scoot this forward a little bit for you guys. Now. Top of the round, Grog you're up. Right there. You're right there, where the red base is. "I think it sounds delicious; let's try a taste." All right, make your strikes. 19 misses. Yes. Just barely hits. Vex, you are familiar with dragons, as one of your enemies. Only the most ancient and powerful of dragons ever reach this size. Chromatic dragons are very selfish entities and do not usually work with individuals of other color patterns. The fact that this is this coordinated between multiple is a very, very bad sign. You're suddenly brought back to a singular moment in your past when you recall seeing four orbs embedded in a wall. So, Grog, damage on the one strike? 19? Okay, 19 damage, good to know. All right, that ends your turn. First, it is Raishan. Raishan-- (roars). As you can see now, this burbling cloud of greenish black fume just spills out of its open jaws, outward towards the crowd. All right. I need Grog, Vex, Pike, and Vax, and Percy to all make a constitution saving throw. You were as well, yeah. You guys were as well. So all-- Yep. Pretty much everyone but-- heh-- everyone but Trinket, probably for the best. Correct. No this isn't a saving throw thing. It just happens. Okay. Okay. All of you take 66 points of poison damage, as you feel your lungs and your outer flesh begin to burn and curl. Nope. The rest of the crowd around you screams out in horrible pain as the rest of them gasp and fall to the ground. You take that halved, yes. You take only 33. Actually, before your turn is over, the dragon (whoosh) repositions itself for the rest of the crowd over there. You get an attack of opportunity against it, if you want. 19? That does not hit. You go to strike-- it's already out of the way and you find yourself even amongst your rage shaken by this, as you look around for the first time and realize that the crowds of people that were around you are now face down, unmoving on the ground, amongst the open space. As it steps across the wood as it lands, ruining the last bit of stage and landing on the opposite side, Keyleth, it's your turn. There is a tree. There's a tree about 100 feet in that direction. Yeah. Okay. How big is the radius of the shell? That's your radius there. All right. Yep, all right, and you're going to stay there? Wait for everyone to gather to you, or are you just going to run and everyone else has to catch up? Which, if everyone else makes a dash movement, they could probably get to you next round. Okay, so you're 30 feet up to the edge there. All right, that ends your turn. Vax. Okay, with the boots of haste you get up within this area pretty easy. Trinket turns and sees you run and looks over towards you, which, it's your next turn. Raishan is what it seemed to refer to itself as. Okay. I imagine you tell Trinket to do the same? So you rush up. Trinket comes and gathers off to the side there-- We'll say, you are now there, for those who want to see there, technically, there off to the side. To get over there would take both-- it would take a dash action, so, no. Unless it's a bonus action, then you could've, like Hunter's Mark if you want to do something like that. Yeah, we'll say-- up to you. What do you want to do? Hunter's Mark? With the haste you could've gotten there. I'd say sure. So we'll let you have it. All right, holding your attack for what? Okay. Scanlan. I know. You can make a perception check. 12? You don't see Gilmore anywhere. You look about the bodies. You know the color of his robe, but you don't see it anywhere on the ground. In the chaos you really have no idea where he is. Okay, you can get there. Okay, that ends your turn. Want to inspire somebody? Right now, it's Grog, Percy and Pike are all still out right now. All right. You take a d10 inspiration die. Pike is going to rush right here and is going to attempt to cast Mass Cure Wounds. Mass Cure Wounds as a 6th-level spell, so that's 4d8 plus five. Six creatures in a 30 foot radius. So that'll be-- all of you. She's not going to do it to herself. Or, she can't do it to Grog, so she can get-- She can get everyone but Trinket, but Trinket seems fine, so-- that is seven, eight, 12, 15 plus five-- 20 points healed to all of you guys. Except for Grog. That's going to be her turn, and she just moves into the circle there with the rest of her movement. That brings us to Percy. Perception check. In this chaos, you have no idea where he is, unfortunately. You rush in. all right, at the end of your turn, all the rest of these guys just go running. Running as far away as possible, getting up, going at full sprint all over. The guards are trying to usher people out of the way. You have crying mothers who can't find their kid-- You have absolute chaos, and at this point your hear in the distance a large explosion, as you see a rolling cloud of fire rise up in the distance over the mountain and the rest of regular Emon, surrounding the Cloudtop District. This guy over here's going to run as well. Beginning of that turn, Grog you're up. Okay, with a dash you get over to there. Raishan now is going to move over here. The hand is going to try to-- Interposing Hand just gives you cover against the target, and it can't move the hand's space if its strength is four, so it's not going to move through the space, it's going to try and move to the side. So instead of going after you guys, the hand just moves with it and keeps it in between, but it stays approximately here. It then blows towards this crowd here, just catching Grog in the corner. So Grog, I need you to make another constitution save. With inspiration, if you'd like, if you need it. 26. You succeed, so you take we'll say 33 points of poison damage, halved, to 17. All right. The rest of these guys except for-- Oh, no, Grog, no! Grog, no! Those guys all survive, though they're coughing and trying to get away. This brings us to end of his turn. At this point in time you look up and see (whoosh whoosh) another set of wings come slamming down onto this side. As it lands, it looks down at the group and then runs up the side of a building's rooftop up here. So, the rest of you guys, are you all moving as a group forward? Okay, you all go rushing-- You all go dashing forward. At full speed, aside from Vax, who can get to the tree this turn, the rest of you are going to get halfway there. So we'll say for the purposes of this movement, we'll move it backward. No, not currently. the closest large enough plant to use this ability-- Okay. Actually, technically Grog can get there too, and Vax and Pike and Scanlan. You guys all get there. The rest of you are all inside the Anti-Life Shell as you're running. As you're pushing forward, the large black dragon is just toying with you-- it's climbing across the rooftops, and just watching you as you run, and you hear it chuckling under its breath-- (menacing chuckle, whoosh, impact). He takes to the air and jumps to another rooftop. You can, yeah. Probably not. So you're like, "shit," and you just keep running. It now jumped over onto this rooftop and Raishan has moved up toward the center and making its way towards you. At this moment, another burst of fire over the wall much closer goes (boom) and swooping out of it, out of the flames, you see the largest red dragon you've ever experienced come swooshing through the flames, rises up past. The two other dragons almost lower their heads as it passes over. (whoosh) It swoops past without even noticing you all, slams onto the top of the palace, causing part of the entire throne room glass-domed structure to (shattering noise) shatter and break inward before it turns around and plants itself outward. You've seen ancient dragons-- this is large for an ancient dragon. In fact, by its sheer size, you feel like you may have have encountered this individual before when you were passing through the plane of fire. As it lands, the two other dragons take a step back and recoil and snarl and you hear this voice come just tearing through the center of the Cloudtop District, saying, "Move on, Umbrasyl. I "claim this as my domain now. The rest of you have a task to complete. Go! I shall remain and set a "new dominion of the Chroma Conclave." At which point the two other dragons snap at each other and they both-- the black one just takes off in this distance. The green dragon stalks for a second and then (snarls) angrily turns around and climbs back onto the top of the wall and then flies off into the distance as well, both of them heading westward. You watch as they curve around and start heading east. At this point, you guys have now reached the outskirts of the tree and you can see now this large red dragon has planted itself-- He's fine, he flew off, it's fine. Just begins breathing flames into the center of the Cloudtop. As you can briefly see javelins being thrown, bolts being shot, and you hear a wave of screams in the distance as it rains death through the center of Emon. You're at the tree, Keyleth. Where are you going? Where are you going? The tree-- opens up and a small oval, almond-shaped portal and you can see, it's in the intensity, it's partially unstable but it's keeping itself clean. You guys each dive in as the Anti-Life shell vanishes. Okay, and you come leaping through the center of the tree as it closed behind you. And we're going to end tonight's session on that point! We shall see if all of these interests come to reveal themselves in the future-- -- for future episodes of Critical Role. I just destroyed something that I built. It's a really weird feeling. So with that, folks, as it closes on 11 o'clock, we have to get ourselves a rest for the evening. We hope you've enjoyed tonight's game. I forgot to announce earlier because I was feeling all tense and-- yeah-- but we have a winner of our initial drawing. Earl Grey Austin was the winner tonight of our Critical Role package. So congratulations to you, buddy All right, well guys, have a wonderful night, thank you all for watching, we'll see you next Thursday.