Hello, everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around, roll dice and play Dungeons & Dragons. This week, not in costume, to the joy of all of my players. So welcome back. We're going to hop in here in a moment, but first, let's get through our announcements. First and foremost, this week's sponsor is the continuation of Loot Crate being our awesome sponsor. (cheering) That's really inappropriate. Thank you, Sam; I appreciate it. Ashley, you really need to clean that mouth. Really, keep it in your crate, guys, highly recommended. TALIESIN, LAURA, and #keepitinyourcrate. So yes. Thank you Loot Crate for being our awesome sponsor. Other announcements BlizzCon this weekend! For those who are going to be there, a number of us are going to be there. There are panels Friday. Who is going to be there Friday? There you go. Me and Liam will be there Friday. A number of other of us will be wandering the halls. Just chilling. Just looking to massage folks as they come in? Taking tips? So look for that at BlizzCon. Those of us who have our schedules and have posted them on our twitter, and will probably post it tomorrow as well, so keep an eye out. Hope to see you guys there. Also, new GM Tips went up today, on YouTube. You guys can check it out; it's every week Wednesday on Alpha and then Thursday on YouTube. This week's episode deals with trying to get your players to engage more in actual roleplaying, in-character in your sessions. So go ahead and check it out. Hopefully it will be helpful for some of you new and old GMs out there. And let us know what you think. Also, Marisha, if you want to talk about the new Spotify playlists that we have coming up here. It is all Sesame Street. All the time. All right, well, awesome! Keep an eye out for that. Starting next week, we will have info available on the Geek & Sundry website and our Twitter, as soon as that becomes available. Anything else that anyone wants to announce? So glad you could be here with us this week, Ashley! (cheering) It is going to be fantastic. For the record You guys are ridiculous! Those costume entries, every single one was amazing! There were cats in costume! I can't even. We have already lost control. This has already gone. We are over it. We have peaked. We are done. Thank you, Travis! It's exciting. So you can look forward to more of that on Talks Machina. Indeed. Well then, on that note, let's go and bring us onto the happy day-glo lives of Vox Machina right now, and Exandria, as we step into tonight's episode of Critical Role Hello, and welcome back. While we were away, we learned much about the anatomy of the basilisk. Thank you, Liam. All right. So bringing us into tonight's episode. Vox Machina, in their attempt to take down the Chroma Conclave, have slain three of the five dragons. They've made a tentative alliance with a fourth Raishan, the Diseased Deceiver, in the hopes of taking down the fifth, and most powerful master of the entire Conclave Thordak, the Cinder King, who currently resides over the now elementally corrupt city of Emon, with the ground itself beginning to boil and crack with fire elemental energy. You all sit within Whitestone, deciding upon the coming rush to the final battle, considering what allies you have at your disposal, what locations you want to put this battle in. You've had these conversations. You've revealed Raishan to the rest of your allies within Whitestone, and you've previously spoke about taking this to Fort Daxio to the north of Emon. And that was where we last left off. As you finish your conversation with the rest of your current temporary council on the ziggurat beneath Whitestone, you've made the choice of Fort Daxio as being your next grounds of conflict. What do you wish to do? (laughter) Who are you scrying? Who are you referring to? Oh! I don't recall if they were heading to Fort Daxio. No! This will be Cornelius. Maybe? I'm trying to-- No, these are people who were sent to Kymal. Also Kymal. Or Westruun. One of the two. No one that you know of. Fort Daxio-- Allura is still around. "Unfortunately, the one member I know is the Warmaster, Mikael Daxio, the father of Riskel. But "as far as I know, he is currently sealed off in Syngorn with the rest of the army." Yeah. Three of the regiments in Fort Daxio were sent to Syngorn, with the supposed dragon incursion in the Stormcrest Mountains. Most of them went with Syngorn when it got pulled back to the Feywild, and one regiment still remains at Fort Daxio. Fort Daxio is north of Emon. You could ask around? Make an investigation check. Okay. You spend the next 30 minutes asking around for various guards, and the few that you do know that are from Emon are like, "I don't really know anyone from Daxio. It's very regimented. I "wasn't interested in the military, I wanted to more sit around the city and get paid to wear armor." "It is where the military is, yeah." "I think there are a few here that at least might know that, but I am not one of them. Sorry." (shouting) I don't know! That way! Keyleth spends the better part of the next hour or so without luck, unable to really find anyone to match the description from before. Okay. As the rest of your council has essentially scattered throughout Whitestone Castle since your meeting, Gilmore is easy to find, beginning to make his way out of the castle down towards his homestead, and prepare what he has for the coming struggle. So as you intercept him walking down the outside, he says "Oh, hi! I'm sorry. What did you need?" (chuckles, sighs) "You know, I believe I have had a couple of people come through my "establishment." "That is actually exactly what they call it, Grog." "I mean, there are magics that can get a person there quickly, but--" "Let me think." He says "Well, I can't. But Allura might be able to help with that. Ask her?" Exactly. Apparently, Gilmore doesn't seem to have access to the type of translocation magic you're asking about. You eventually find your way to Allura in Whitestone Castle, who is currently having a conversation with Cassandra. She turns back to you, and as you ask the same question, she responds with a "I actually do have prepared-- I can bring up to eight other individuals with me." "Yes. I can only go there, so we have to have some way of returning, which I believe you "can handle that. All right?" "All right. Then whenever you are ready, I suppose." "All right, gather round." She puts her arms out and gestures for you to reach in like a hand circle. "Of course! I have to go get her" "Eight along with me." "Just don't tell her. She gets a bit testy when she's not included. All right, very well." She takes your hands. Some of you close your eyes, some of you don't. That familiar rush of warmth underneath your stomach begins fill-- Your chest cavity... (laughs). Grog poots out the side and it distracts you momentarily, before you watch the ground beneath you; this line of blue arcane energy begins to link each one of your feet together in a circle. As it does, these star-like extensions begin to appear out in the center, and as soon as they all meet into one crystalline structure, there is a flash of light. Your vision goes white, and as it slowly adjusts to the daylight, this light breeze soothing you, you look around and see yourselves now standing in the Othendin Pass, which is this large rocky ravine that rides up on each side of you to these tall, cliff side edges of the very very southwest side of the Cliffkeep Mountains. This is far north of Emon. While you see the ground itself is very cracked land, you can see dry and long dead bushes, you can see bits and pieces of dead trees that have for a long time been petrified, broken over or been left without much of an actual fertile ground to exist in. You glance off to the eastern side of your direction, and you can see a very large cluster of reddish-brown trees; a forest there that has long died, or at least is definitely in the fall season type of color change. But the vegetation around here is very sparse, very scrub and in some cases very dry and dead. You do see to the immediate northwest of your current location, clinging to the side of the mountain cliff, what you assume is Fort Daxio a massive stronghold, built of gray and brown stone, an outer wall perimeter that completely surrounds it, buttressed against each side of the cliff, and within, you can see a multi-tiered fortress structure within, built specifically for defending against any sort of army siege or incursion. Make a perception check. You begin to look up, and you see a small bird, and it's really small and it'ss really cute, and your eyes watch it, and you watch it fling off that way. I was going to say. Make an animal handling check. You make three (clunks) clomping plate armor. Pike steps before the bird-- [no audio] Make a perception check. You're a few hundred yards away. 16. Okay. Best you can tell, you do see some shapes along the top of the outer battlements; the wall that surrounds the structure. However, from this distance, you're not sure if they have seen you yet. Well, that is the warmaster, who has been assigned by Emon. This is technically where the majority of the military of Emon is stationed. Yeah, this is Emon's military. Yeah, it's 5th-level, you can do that. (laughter) As you guys begin to approach the gate, you hear a small horn give off this arrival notification. This (pathetic horn noise). But deeper and much cooler sounding than that. (laughter) Because I am not a war horn. Fort Daxio is very sparsely run right now. They left the regiment behind with a small conch shell that is partially broken. (deep and cool horn sound) (cheering) That's more hit points on Thordak. Just keep a tally. All right. As you approach, and begin to gather and Allura steps forward, she takes a few more steps and then stops, puts her other hand up to give you a signal to hold back. She speaks out across the expanse "Arcanist Allura Vysoren, "member of the Tal'Dorei Council, here with allies to speak with who resides within. Will you allow "us passage?" There's a pause. You hear the sound of the ballista crank being loosened. And then you see the two front gates slightly open. She puts her hands down. "Very well, walk with me." As you guys approach the gates and begin to walk through, you can see there is about 15 guards stationed above the top that all have cocked crossbows, that are trained on you guys-- Not directly ready to fire, but cautiously watching you as you progress. Allura leads through, leading you guys into the main entryway, and as you walk into this front area, the pseudo-courtyard or central area between the wall and the stronghold itself, the same cracked exterior. But you can see there is a trebuchet over there. There are countersiege weaponry. Some of it unused for a while and probably in need of some level of repair. You do see a number of other armored individuals, and the armor you see on the military stationed here is much more than the armors of Emon, or any of the local guard that you are used to. These are very heavy, regimented plate, tower shields, you can see spears that are very nasty looking and very strong in construction. A lot of these almost resemble a lot of the dwarven make you saw in Kraghammer before. So whether this is an alliance through Kraghammer and Emon that came to this, or the design was borrowed to some extent, a lot of the armor is more square and bulky than the more refined armor you have seen in more southern areas of the Tal'Dorei continent. Immediately, as you step in, while the guards still have their weapons trained on you on the other side of the wall, you see ten individuals approaching, armored. You can see these individuals, their shields are large, heavy tower shields, with a goldish, circular symbol on the front that has an inlay that's almost like a polished mirror. Like, a big old oval mirror as part of the center shield itself. As these armored individuals approach, one of them in the center has her helm off, and seems to be leading this push to greet you at that front. You see a woman, very stern look, dark skinned, very short ebony hair and a very tough, dour expression on her face as she quickly brushes up towards the front, and as she steps forward, she slams her shield into the ground, and gives a nod as the rest of the soldiers stop. She bows her head, and goes "Allura. We finally have answer from the council. "It's been silence for weeks." Allura bows her head, and says, "Well, General, let me introduce "you to our allies here. These are Vox Machina. They are friends. They are--" And the general breaks once more into the conversation, and says "That's fine! So you are here with your allies. "Any word from Mikael? Any word from the rest of the regiments?" "Still? In Syngorn?" "All right. Well." (sighs) You see the tension that's been building in her since she approached you guys begins to slowly fade with this sense of digesting the difficulty of the situation. There's an awkward pause and Allura says, "Can we speak in less--" She looks up at the rest of the battlements, "--less armed circles, if you don't mind?" The general looks up and nods. "Very well. My apologies. I am General Elle Gorgofon." "Elle Gorgofon. I am the commander of the Aegis Regiment and I welcome you, for the time "being, to Fort Daxio. Follow me." She turns on her heel and begins to march at a very brisk pace back towards the stronghold itself. The other soldiers turning around as well. Allura gives you all a head nudge to follow suit. As you're walking around, Keyleth, Vex, and Vax, looking over the number of soldiers that are here, you have roughly 20 or so you see on the top of the wall, maybe 25 to 30 that occasionally are stepping around the base of it or the interior of this main courtyard. For the entirety of the army of Emon, the regiment that's here, doesn't seem to be very busy or very well-- Staffed. There aren't a lot of people here. This regiment is not extremely large. It looks like this may be the defensive regiment that was left behind to guard the fort, when other regiments are sent out on whatever duties. 40 to 50 soldiers on the outskirts of the stronghold. You don't know how many are inside necessarily. It's fairly lightly guarded right now. As you guys enter the stronghold, it's beautiful in its construction. It also looks like it's been in some level of disrepair. It's definitely built for function. The furniture and decor on the interior is very simple, very pragmatic. It is made for function more than presentation. You're led through two small hallways to the right to one central chamber where there are a series of benches and chairs, whatever has been assembled to the area and pulled to the center area. It would be considered a conversation room or war room in some circumstances, but it's very haphazardly thrown together. You also do notice that there are a couple of rooms that have a foul stench, and as you glance off to the left into the inside, you can see there are piles of folded dark material. It's your favored terrain. But you guys are led into this main chamber. As you begin to walk by, you glance over and see it as you go. If you want to stop and look behind, you can have a closer look. It's a hide-type material. It looks folded, and then as you walk in, you can see it's actually a series of piled corpses of some sort of leathery creature or creatures that have been pushed into an area there. Okay. As she enters the chamber ahead of you and turns around and sits in her chair, her shield set to the side. "We currently now, as the Aegis Regiment, have a grand total of 225 soldiers." "As far as all the regiments?" "We're looking at, between how many survive or return from Syngorn, close to 2,000." "We do." "To be perfectly honest--" And the door closes behind you as two of the guards step in front and watch it as you all find your seats or at least stand in the space. General Elle goes, "To be perfectly honest, we are very low on supplies. Any of the trade routes to and from "Kraghammer have been constantly harried by wyvern riders. We've had to defend our location a couple "times by some errant wandering sentinel wyvern riders. It's been-- (sighs) We're on the edge of "starvation." "Thankfully, no. He would tear into this place in but an instant. We only have bits of "information we've had from few scouts we've sent southward. We've had some conversations to and "from Emon, but only half of them have even returned, and those that have say that it's a very "dire situation, so we've been awaiting any word we can from Mikael-- sorry, from the Warmaster-- and "nothing. So as far as I know, and have known, we are on our own and left possibly to die while the "rest of this entire country burns to the ground. So seeing some seemingly friendly faces--" And she nods towards Allura, "--is the best news I've had in a very long time." "Who's stuck in the Feywild?" "Mikael?" "Well, at least I know that they weren't wiped out, and that's good news. But still, we're "not enough to even attempt an incursion on Emon by our own." "What little bit grows here is not of the edible variety. We have to rely on the farmlands "of Emon for most of our produce, and those have dried up, so we've been left to hunting and "slaughtering what is available, which is not much these days, as we're constantly in battle with the "giants of the north to keep some semblance of food intake to keep our soldiers fed and living." "I've been under him for 15 years, yes." "Friends?" (clears throat) "15 years." "Allura, are these trusted?" And Allura nods. "Very. They have a thought. More of a plan. "A plan that if it works should put us in a much more advantageous position in the conflict with "the Chroma Conclave. Please, give them your ear. Give them your respect. They've proven time and "time again to be capable." She leans back in her chair. "Is this true?" She catches it in the middle. She gives you a very stern look, and eyeing you over, trying to give you a read and then slowly it goes from group to group. "Well, then perhaps this is our "salvation." Throws the tooth back to you. "You wish to bring the Cinder King here?" She nods and leans forward, putting one hand over the other and her elbows on the edge of her knees on her chair. "And what makes you think a creature of such power and intelligence would ever "leave such an advantageous position to be vulnerable?" "Very well. If you're confident, you have Fort Daxio and the Aegis Regiment behind you. I "just hope you know what you're doing." You can see her expression drop a little bit into a curled eyebrow of confusion. "Functional? Three." "12." "Very not functional. Look, siege warfare hasn't been necessary for a very long time, let "alone counter-siege. Fort Daxio hasn't been under attack in close to 200 years." "Which is exactly why we don't have any dragon fire-protected subterranean tunnels. My "apologies, but, you know, even our budgets are limited." "How soon do you imagine this to transpire?" "No, I mean, call-- wait, wait, wait!" She waves her hand and interrupts the montage. "Wait, wait, wait, wait." "We exist here as protectors of Emon and the Council of Tal'dorei. With the current state of "things, what's left of those things we choose and have given ourselves to protect, if we can we "will. So yes." I'd say it's midday. Yeah, it still rains here, and it has watershed elements that come through the Othendin Pass from the Cliffkeep Mountains. It's the ground in this particular valley, like elements of the Cliffkeep in the north, it isn't very fertile for any sort of vegetation to take root. The courtyard is the area between the outer wall and the fortress itself, which is all built into the side of the mountain. Make a nature check. 15? I mean, it doesn't take too much for you to find out that the dirt here, the land itself, is very nutrient-devoid. It is a near salt and rock land, which is why a lot of it does not facilitate-- Do you have a spell that could fix that? Let's read the spell. Plant Growth affects plants that already exist, as opposed to the actual land itself. "We've had to relegate it to just morning and afternoon meals to help ration our supplies. "So I would say four hours til dusk, that would be the next allotted mess time." It's a unique way of utilizing it, but I don't see why not. We talked about this. Okay. Bunkers for? I mean, you could, probably. It's hard packed, very solid ground. Westruun, is where you did it. At this point, Keyleth almost has a burrowing speed. "I'm not entirely certain as to what you're attempting to do here." Keeping her eyes trained on you, she leans over towards Allura. "I can't tell, is the little "man fucking with me?" Allura goes, "Usually, yes, but no, he's being completely honest right now." "Then, by all means, yes." "Follow me to the mess hall." She seems legitimately spooked and unsure what to make of you, but leads you on anyway. But yeah, you can set up in the mess hall entranceway. There is a large hall with long tables and she says that would be probably the most optimal place to go ahead and set up shop there. Yes? There you go. Most of their food was being brought by the trade routes. Since then, they've had to hunt for food and go off of whatever stock and store they had, and even that's running really low. They're hard-pressed to maintain. Yep. They would watch that meat go (poof). Sorry. This one druid got to level three and then opened its own hunting emporium and never became an adventurer again. Yeah! So you're setting up the mess hall. You're checking in to see-- go ahead and make an investigation check, Taliesin, if you don't mind. Seven? Asking around over the next couple hours or so, it appears that most anyone who would be a specialist in any sort of siege weaponry was part of the other regiments that are no longer part of Daxio. Even so, some of the weaponry that was here looks like it was ordered partially just to get the money in. A lot of the trebuchets that are functional are very dry-rotted and have seen many rainy winters and haven't really been kept up, and you're not even sure if they'd fire. The ones that have broken down, a lot of the wood rotted. There isn't a lot of weaponry. It looks like the three could be fixed up and be functional, but the ones that aren't, it would take you weeks with new lumber and new materials to even get them remotely functional. With successful tinkering checks on this, with a few borrowed hands for manpower, you could probably repair one per day of work. That's a full eight-hour day of work. So be aware of that. About 12 of them. The three that are still semi-functional are pulled back about 60 or so feet from the edge of the walls, and then the rest of them have actually been wheeled over into the corner and have all been jammed up on the edge, unused and not to take up space. "On foot, I'd say it would put you at about five to six days. Horseback, straight through "without sleep and running the beast into the ground, you could do it in a day." Anything else anyone else is looking to do? Trebuchet? Go ahead and make a tinkering check. There is a barracks built into the stronghold where many of the soldiers sleep. Where there is a common area, with general tables, card games, and things to pass the time. There is a small library, with various books. You get the sense here as you begin to walk around and see the soldiers, since these guys are essentially the defensive reserve for Fort Daxio, and Daxio doesn't see a lot of military action, it's very much a train-and-wait type circumstance. And many of the soldiers, though they have grown a little gaunt in the face from lack of resources, also appear to be emotionally drained from having nothing to do. And this constant stressful uncertainty about their future fate has this air of very low morale within the fort. "I do. I trust their ability. I trust that they've stayed with me in the face of all this "opposition and believe that my orders and requests to stay vigilant in the face of such "possible destruction, having been met with continued agreeance that they will follow me as "needed to our end." "None that live." All right, so you guys go ahead and coast up, to do what? Yeah, if you look at the large ravine that is carved through this portion of the mountain there. From your perspective, looking at the map down this way. It is on the western side of the ravine, against the mountain. You guys coast up, looking up. Matching the very height of the mountain, the bluff that leads down into the ravine itself, and you can see over the edge the ocean of the Ozmit Sea that heads off westward. You can see a little bit of the light as the sun comes down to a sunset. You can see it glittering across the waves in the distance. You can see the little mountain range to the north of Emon, peering over the edge. And you can see a little bit of a dark spot in the very distance, over the horizon that you can gather where Emon is. You can see it from this high up. Even though it is but a small spot. Both of you guys make an investigation. You guys take the next hour or so coasting along the edge of the mountain range, the top of the ravine itself. There are, it is a mountain range and the ravine itself carves through a portion of it, so the right and left side, yes. Is your favored terrain mountains? Then yeah, you get advantage on that. But still. You do have the advantage at the top of these mountains of a wider range of view. It's good for somebody who's expecting an incursion from flying creatures. It'd be a great place to put a scout, as a warning system, should anything begin to make its way towards the fort from Emon or beyond. There are places where you could in theory drop things down the edges of the mountain that would use the ravine almost like a bowling alley, essentially, large boulders and rocks. Which is a favored tactic of many stone giants and other giants who use mountain terrain to their advantage. But beyond that, there's no other terrain that you think would, outside of you coming up with a creative use of it, there's nothing that is glaring to you as an advantage in the coming fray. Okay, so you guys descend. Both of you guys, make a perception check. 22, okay. As you guys come down-- That's okay. As you guys come down into the bottom of the ravine you make it down safely into Fort Daxio to gather with the rest of your compadres for the evening. You at this point, by the way, Scanlan. You are currently, because you have to be present to designate anybody who can enter your mansion. You are like the one-person homeless shelter. You are bringing through soldier after soldier into there. And they all look confused, bewildered. And many of them stop and be like, "What's going on?" (stuttering) "I am--" (stuttering) "Are you--? What is--?" "Trevian Simtin. Please, I'm hungry." "I have a plus?" "All right!" One after another, after another. Some of them seem genuinely spooked and freaked out by the spiritual servants, and avoiding them as they go on. The smell of food hits them, though. The ever-smell of chicken cooking through does catch them. And they all seem to eventually get past their fear of the servants as the fantastic meal of relatively neutral flesh is served to them in your dining hall. All right, Keyleth. Explain the bunker you're building for me, if you could. Right. Is it closer to the wall, or closer to the actual fortress itself, the entrance that leads to the underground pathway? So you have a gradual decline near the fortress, in the courtyard, that goes underneath. And then mirrors the curvature of the wall? Or does it travel perpendicular to it and go underneath the wall? Right, so here's the fortress. With the mountain. Fortress, and here's the wall around it. You're essentially building it in the same curvature parallel to the outer wall. Okay. So you build this bunker, you take the better part of the evening, and probably the next morning or so to complete whatever the spell's maximum effort is. Okay, cool. I need you, with the manpower you have, possible with you, Taliesin. Go ahead and make a tinkering check. This is going to be with strength. It's very large physical activity. This is less about your intellect or your manual dexterity, this is about tools and having to apply it. You do have advantage because you have other men helping you with this. But the DC is relatively high. 25, okay. While the rest of you are finishing up your events of the evening and preparing to go to sleep, Percy is working tirelessly into the wee hours of the morning. You finish, probably like two hours after midnight, with the rest of your crew sore, sweaty. But you have one functional trebuchet that looks like it could handle many, many shots within one battle and still be serviceable. As he slowly takes his glasses off-- All the soldiers are like-- There you go. You guys take your evening to rest. The next morning, you find yourselves awake. Spells restored. Hit points restored. Allura comes in and greets all of you. "All right, so! I can "also bring us back to Whitestone. I've restored the teleportation spell that I had. Thus, what do "you wish to do now?" Allura at this point, by the way, says, "A week? I don't know if we have a week." "The minute that the information of Vorugal's death finds its way to Thordak, what do "you think is going to happen? Their vengeance is going to fall." Make an intelligence check. Add your intelligence modifier. 18. And you could technically add-- You added your d12 to it? You could use one of your bardic inspirations to inspire yourself, if you wanted to. Having journeyed once to the Feywild, and with the little bit of research you've done since then. There have been people who have been to the Feywild who do speak of some sort of temporal anomaly when traveling to and from. So yes, you are certain that there can be some sort of flexibility as to the time spent there versus the time that has transpired in the Prime Material plane. Not a sure thing, but there is some variation to that. Allura sneaks in a bit and says, "My only suggestion here is make sure that you do the "things that are absolutely necessary for this because we don't know when this is going to kick off." "Then let's do it." "All right." That's the Platinum Sanctuary. Vasselheim and the continuation of civilization, and that being the Dawn Cradle, the city that's existed for as long as civilization has, is to be protected at all costs. So while they do and can offer aid occasionally outside of it, not to the detriment of their own defense. "Actually, depending on who it is." "To be perfectly honest, if it's a creature that I'm relatively familiar with, I could send it "to them instantaneously. Any distance. Across the planes." "Across the planes." I could probably muster it three times. "Yes, many times, actually. Yes, he was an interesting individual of the council. Especially "back when Sir Gregory was with us. But they were friends. Yes, I did meet him." Sir Gregory Fence. That was when you first came to Emon. He's the gentleman who was part of the council. You were hired by their father to go and inspect because he went missing. "All right, so. You require word to your father?" "Who else?" "I have to have met them." "I have a number of individuals I've met there, yes. I cannot guarantee they'll be eager to "jump into this fray. I can try." "Tofor? Yes. Tofor's in Emon right now. " Tofor is a member of the Tal'Dorei Council. She's one of the council members, one of the survivors who is currently working with-- apparently, from what you've heard-- "I've not met Vanessa, no." "I think we've tapped out most of our resources at this point! I've reached out to "members of the Arcana Pansophical, but many of them have their own issues to deal with." "No, they're just busy." "I don't know if he's a member of the Arcana Pansophical." "I've had no correspondence from the Air Ashari. My apologies. I'm doing what I can." "If that's the information you need sent, that would require me to make two messages. Just "to cover both those bases. To their father--" "What was his name again?" "Syldor. Syldor, right. Two messages, to gather the army of Emon. And Syngorn, to return "and head towards Fort Daxio." "I don't know if that's how the magic works, but I'll put a message in there for that and to "look for werewolves." "All right. And I'll enquire about bringing Ukurat and the werewolves. All right! I've got "some messaging to do." "Very well." "I can do that, yes." "I'll call for Kima, I'll bring our allies with us. Either me or Shaun have to stay behind to "maintain the illusion, so your choice." "All right, so Shaun will stay behind--" "Our purpose is to stay to make sure that they do not see Whitestone." "All right, I'll get these messages off." She takes two steps back and puts one finger in the air, and as it curls her eyes glaze over with crackling blue energy. And you watch her tongue click across her mouth like she's speaking quietly to herself. Her eyes come back. "All right, I've notified your father, Syldor." Once again her eyes glaze over with crackling blue energy. Her fingers trace in the air, and it looks like she's speaking-- "All right." Her eyes return. "Both messages have been delivered to your father. Who else "should require a message?" "I can do that." With that, once again the energy crackles and you can see she's trying to find the location of someone's presence. It hits, and she begins to speak quietly to herself. Finishes. "Very well! The army's been notified." Let me see if she can. Nope! That is all that she can do. Actually, no. She can cast at a higher level, so she can do more. You have knowledge of dragons quite well, actually, Vex. You do know that red dragons are not vulnerable to cold, by any means. They're just resistant to fire. (laughs) Bruised bananas. As far as you know, no there is no vulnerability-- Just fine with fire. "I can do that, yes." "What, to the Fire Plane? I mean, I can. My skills are probably better used elsewhere. But "whatever you think is wisest." "I'm not certain, but as soon as he found out about Umbrasyl's, that's when he sent things "looking for us near Whitestone. That was when Vorugal and the rest of the armies swept through. "That was two days after Umbrasyl's fall." "Yes, and I will notify the general of these plans before I head on that way. Very well. Good luck." "Understood." "Stay safe, friends." She turns and leaves the room. All right. Most of the trees near or within the courtyard of the fort are thin, and maybe like a foot to a half a foot wide, and-- You did see that cluster of brownish-red forest canopy across the ravine. But that's the only real-- Yeah, on the opposite side. It's about a third of the width of the Grand Canyon, maybe? It's a big ravine. It would take you a handful of hours to walk to this. At a brisk pace on foot you'll get there in three hours. All right. You guys eventually make your way to the outside of the forest here in the Othendin Pass. You can see, it's a living forest. But the trees themselves, it looks like there was a waterfall that actually breaks down off the top of the cliff that comes down and forms a small pool. Most of it's dried up, but the ground here is damp. And the forest does seem to exist in this climate. However, a lot of the leaves have turned and they're hitting the delayed end of winter, a few months after the Winter's Crest Festival. You find a number of trees that are perfectly serviceable for your spellcasting. You guys wait as Keyleth completes her ritual. You can see the tree suddenly shifts open on the opposite end. You can see the caldera itself, where the Pyrah Ashari exist on the top of this mountainous volcano. You all step through and find yourself now on the cracked, dark, ashen ground landscape amongst the various rock-like structures that house their people. You can see the Cinder Grove in the distance. Nowhere near as tumultuous as the last time you encountered it. And you now stand amongst the remaining Pyrah. You do now see the survivors that you met earlier, and a few other survivors that previously had not been found have gathered. And whereas previously you only thought maybe a little over 20 existed, it looks like maybe there's a good 50 or 60 that actually are beginning to rebuild the Fire Ashari. Like two. It doesn't take you long to find Cerkonos, who at this point in time has regrown his arm. He approaches now, his darkened skin tattooed, his long hair past his shoulders. He approaches with an expression of surprise and mild confusion. "It is good to to see all of you. I "ask, what brings you to the doorstep of the Pyrah Ashari?" "This does not stir my memory reserves. I'm sorry." "There were inquiries, yes. I was surprised by one so young seemingly to be so interested in "the inner and outer planes and their interactions. She found much of her time in solace in the Cinder "Grove. She was not quick to pick up the druidic magics, but her research was in depth. She spoke "with many elders, myself included." The Cinder Grove is in the center of the caldera. That's the petrified forest that is surrounding where the actual tear in the boundary is. Where the Fire Ashari hold vigil. No, when you first came here it was part of your Aramente, and you guys just passed through the tear. And you battled Cerkonos and the other druids in elemental form as part of a test. There was some stones on the other side but there was nothing-- When you say the City of Brass, you watch his demeanor change. His arms cross, and he leans back into himself. "That is not a place for the Ashari. It is a place of tyranny and greed. It is "a unique mix of those who exist there, and if you are intent on going, I am happy to escort you, but "it is a different experience than we are used to, and perhaps yourself as well." "It is quite big, yes." "The choice is yours. You have come this far." "From the tear, it is about three days' foot travel." Your Plane Shift spell can bring you directly to a location as long as you're aware of it. Yeah. This is true. From what she said, yes. Cerkonos turns to you, Grog, and says, "I do not mean to be misunderstanding. I will take you "to the city, but I will not enter it." "I am of no use in that city." "Most of all of that." "There are many powerful entities that exist in the city. I am not a man for cultured places." "I've been near." "I could. How soon?" "All right. Then I will lead you, if you choose to go to this city. And then I will call "for your father, we will send what we can spare." "No offense taken. If you wish to continue your journey, I can go and try and round up the "Ashari that can fight." "I did not know Thordak existed until he tore through our people. So unfortunately not." "It's hard to tell. Many who were near those discussions were slain, I'm sorry." Correct, you would still have the ability to use it today. "Not everything. But many things there have fire by nature. Or at least, the ability to live "among it. There are many parts of the Fire Plane that you should not traverse. It would destroy you "immediately." "It's one of the few places that can support a city, so yes." "It is very hot there. The longer you stay, the more difficult it is for such frail beings as "us to exist." "Stay safe. I will see you soon at this Fort Daxio." "Nothing which you haven't already seen. Just know there are many denizens there that enjoy "the tyranny, so be careful. Don't start any wars." Sure. It will take you guys a short rest to do all that. Plus, with your reattune there. You guys take a short rest while Cerkonos takes a couple of the other nearby Pyrah with him and they head off towards the Cinder Grove. Presumably, to communicate with your father. Yes. If you have two bows that are attuned to you? I mean, it's possible. But the idea of having one wielded and one on your back, pulling it out. You're not proficient and fast in bow-drawing. Maybe. Probably. You could drop one, but then pulling the other one out, getting it around you, arrow out. It would probably take you an action. All right. So focusing on the City of Brass. You all gather hands. As Keyleth concentrates, you feel the already warm air of the cauldron of this volcanic mountain. You feel a blast of heat surround you, this whirlwind of hot air that causes your eyes to close instinctually. You feel the edges of your skin, the hairs begin to curl. Your brows begin to singe. As you close your eyes instinctually, you open them again. And looking around you see a familiar broken landscape of shattered stone rock, reddish and iron-like in coloration. You see various stone obelisks that are jutting out of the ground from broken and at some points seismic earth that had been pushed up from underneath where gouts of flame occasionally spill out and burst into the sky. The air itself carries a sulfuric and ionized scent to it. You can see darkened clouds of smoke and soot that slowly shift in the distance. Way off towards the horizon, almost the equivalent of a darkened storm in the distance, except it's a sheet of roaring fire. Just taking up an entire quarter of the skyline, miles and miles away from you. You don't know if it's coming closer or further away, but it's frightening. As you glance over your shoulder, you see behind you a glimmer of whatever source of light this land takes into itself reflecting off of dozens upon dozens of reflective metallic buildings and towers and domes. And one large, dark metal wall that surrounds the exterior. You see upon this, what you assume to be the City of Brass. And that's where we're going to go ahead and take a break. TRAVIS and Be right back here in a few minutes! It might be a little bit of a longer break, we'll be back here shortly, guys. Be patient, see you in a minute. [break] Once again, every costume put out there was fantastic. Seriously, you guys, it was one of the coolest things to see, a bunch of characters in our silly little D&D game realized, physically, by other people is crazy. Which, by the way, if you haven't looked yet, go look at the hashtag CriticalCostumes and marvel at how many awesome, talented people out there made crazy Halloween costumes. So do it. We're going to go ahead and begin with our personal choices, across the bay. You want to start over here? Yeah, well done. My personal choice is @jettiebettie who did an amazing Ripley. Not just costume and presentation, but the intensity of expression, the personality. It was a fantastic capturing of the character and the minute I saw it I was like, oh, there she is. Yeah, it was amazing. Awesome job. Yeah, it takes a lot to shame my Victor. Not really, I threw mine together. And then that one, the day after, I saw that picture and went, "Well, damn. I lose." It was amazing! It was amazing. No. Oh, god. And a gathered round of applause for all those amazing costumes. Everyone did an incredible job. Seriously. All righty. As you guys take in the intensity of the atmosphere, looking up at the one blaring, bright sun in the sky, locked in that reddish-orange atmosphere above you, you look around as the wind picks up, the heat carrying ash and black soot through, forcing you to wince and keep your eyes somewhat closed. You immediately begin to pull scarves up in front to try and filter this aggressive and caustic air. Looking as to where that giant wall of fire across the horizon is, you see it begin to merge closer and closer, the edge of that sea, until eventually it comes to the City of Brass, which you see behind you-- this large, amazing, vast city of various reflective, metallic surfaces. You see pointed spires, round domes, and hundreds and hundreds of these buildings that sprawl out beyond the wall that you see on the outside of it. What would you guys like to do? All right. As you guys begin stepping towards this, and it is hard to gauge distance on this city's size, even from just arriving in this place.The more you walk, the slower its arrival comes as you begin to take in the sheer immensity of its sprawling expanse. You see little occasional bursts of flame off from the opposite side of the wall, some small shapes coasting over, a little glow pass. And as you get close enough, I'm going to have everyone roll a perception check. Okay. Keyleth, what did you get? 25, and you got--? All right, so Keyleth and the twins. You guys, looking ahead, you're beginning to see these darkish shapes moving towards the edge of one of the first gates that you notice amongst the reflective surface of the outer wall. It is a solid door, like two large doors that are affixed to each other with a cross-chain circumstance. You see six figures currently mounting, shifting, and walking along the side of the wall. As you get closer still you can make out they look humanoid two arms, two legs. It's hard to make out their size in respect to where you are, and in paying attention as you approach you do notice that some of them have varying shades of colored skin. They wear loose silk outfits wide, baggy air-filled pants with long robes or vests that dangle below. Muscular. The skin on a few of them appears to be deep crimson or orangish-red. Two of them, the skin actually almost goes to more like a black, a deep soot and ash color. You begin to see more details in the skin. You see horns and large fangs from underneath. You see large, scimitar-like blades to the side. You've seen one of these creatures before. It emerged from the tear in the Fire Plane last time you were there. There are six efreeti that are currently standing guard outside of the gate to the city. As you say this haphazardly from the distance, you see three of them all of a sudden, their attention right over in your direction. Two of them immediately begin to lift up off the ground and their legs vanish into a plume of flame and smoke as they (whoosh) almost like rockets in the sky, heading over in your direction. The other one goes into a run towards you. You don't know. Okay. ASHLEY and As you all very nervously sit there and wait, the two that are cruising through the sky go slamming into the ground to the immediate right and left of Scanlan, not far from you guys, leaving these small craters. The flaming smoke, the lower portion of their body poofs outward, scattering ash as you see now their legs, muscular and thick like trunks of reddish-black muscle. They both stand and glance downward at this tiny little gnome by comparison, each of them standing about ten to 12 feet in full height. The efreetis. The one that's running eventually catches up to you and slows his gait and puts his hands behind his back, puts his chin up, and begins walking. You can see now he has these two long tufts of black hair that are braided into this long braid that floats gently as the heated breeze continues to blow past you. As he begins to approach, he looks out among the rest of your group and then down at this tiny gnome that has stepped up to greet them. "What is your business?" "What wares are you here to sell?" "Then show me this item of value." "Then you don't want to enter the city." He glances over towards the empty space. Okay. So is it just standing there snarling? Okay. All right. At this point, the three efreeti are glancing in that direction. First off, go ahead and make a deception check. They glance over. They all very intensely inspect from a distance this goristro that has now appeared, that is snarling approximately how far away from you? The range is 120 feet in the spell. All right. The central one looks to the efreet to his left, or to the right of you, gives him a nudge, and that efreeti-- that efreet begins to step away. "Hmm." The efreet that you halted takes a few more steps, not paying heed as the one that's in front of you goes, "So you're looking to sell this as a servant. This beast will work as a "servant, or does it work in servitude?" "Hmph. It is rare to see something so small able to control something so vicious and "dangerous." And you see him leaning in now, closer to you. You see these tiny little burning beads of red flame as the center of his eyes, against a black iris. You see, as he gets closer, the grin begins to curl across the rows and rows of sharpened, white, gleaming teeth. He says, "You, "such a small, easy-to-crush creature, can seem to hold dominion over something that exists in places "that would rend your mind asunder." (dull thud) (sniff) (slurping) (spitting) He throws them to the ground. He begins speaking in a language that you don't understand. It sounds very much like the slow, rolling fire-bursts of magma pouring down the side of a mountain. You recognize the type. It is the same language spoken by the fire elementals, but you do not speak the language. But the efreet that stepped away has stopped and is taking a moment to look from about a 40-foot distance from the goristro. (loud sniff) And begins walking back toward the other efreeti. The one before you, whose face is still up in front of you, is reading you. His head is about the size of your entire body. And he goes-- "If you wish to walk the city, then pay the toll." "How much do you think the toll is worth?" "If the toll is insufficient, and I find offense at the offer, then you will have bigger "problems than entry. But generosity goes a long way." "Gems are good as well. Money is money. We work and deal with many creatures from many places "here. What do you offer?" He takes it and closes the fingers of his hand around it, then shakes it a little and listens. He begins to pour the gems out. He takes a very keen look at them-- He pulls the tiny drawstring taut once again. "May you enjoy your time in the City of "Brass. Now, I suggest your wineskins be full." And he turns around and the efreeti all begin to walk away towards the entrance to the city. You have no idea, you haven't walked inside! You've got no idea. Well you're just now approaching the front gates where the six efreeti currently stand. As the three that have returned, the central one takes his hand up and does this with his finger. And as he does, you watch as the criss-cross chains that hold the gate shut suddenly shift, and you watch dust and ash get shaken free from the chains as they're all suddenly pulled upward through these rings to the very top, and the doors shift open very slowly, giving just enough space for people of your physical width to pass through. Grog, you have to squeeze a little. (laughs) "Welcome to the City of Brass." As you guys walk in, the doors close behind and you watch as the chains that were pulled free, that now dangle loosely, automatically, on their own, strike up like snakes, instantly, and flash back through on the other side. You can hear them retying themselves between the ring-loops to seal off the doorway once again. So as you say "let's" and it trails off, you all take a moment to look into the city around you. Marquet offered Ank'Harel, a very beautiful city of ornate culture. This city has been around far longer, and has been constructed by far more intricate artisans since. You see hundreds of buildings of different sizes, all constructed from various types of materials, many of them metallic and brass or bronze in color, reflecting the ever-present sunlight from the sky. You can see buildings carved from dark black obsidian. From other forms of darkened stone you can see natural rock formations of blackened rock and stone jutting outward, where, crafted from that, you can see communities of maybe dozens of buildings and homes that have been constructed from it. You can see towers that are impossibly high, hundreds of feet up in the sky, some broken from previous conflicts and never constructed since. You can see a series of streets that intertwine out before you with these tiny little cobblestones that all seem to have a matching, ruddy, brownish earth tone with a dusting of ash and red earth scattered across them. You see throughout here human beings occasionally. You see dozens upon dozens of efreeti, walking around, crusted with jewelry and wearing fine robes and linens. You can begin to notice quickly that many of these efreeti walk along with some of these humans, these humans walk at their sides, some in chains. You can see a number of individuals pedaling small carts through, also in comparable levels of enslavement. But not all are enslaved. There are individuals from other areas you've never recognized, various features. You see two humanoids that walk around by themselves, their features are human but not. There's something about them that's a little off, but you can't quite pick up what, and they walk off in the distance. There is a gathering of many cultures that make their way through here, but definitely the dominant culture here appears to be one ruled by the elemental fire djinn that you've already encountered. Fine, if perpetually uncomfortable in the current weather, which is, for the record, we're hitting somewhere between 110F to 120F in the air at all times here. I'd say, actually, in fact, at this time, I'd like everyone to make a constitution saving throw. You're fine. And actually, you having fire-resistant armor, I would say you do not have to make it, Vax. You feel naturally more comfortable in here based on the resistance you've given your enchantment. No, you're fine. Okay. Okay. For the time you've been here, it's been an unwelcoming atmosphere, but not one that has been so harsh as to press down upon your physical constitution. You all seem to withstand the current atmosphere for now, but you do gather that the longer you are here, the more difficult it will be to endure this atmosphere without detrimental effect. You did not say that out loud Sure. It's fine. So what do you wish to do now that you've gained entry into the City of Brass? You have not seen a fire giant in person in all the time that you've spent on this plane. Right now, you have not encountered any. You've literally just walked into the city and this is your first glance at the first street that you've encountered. As you guys begin to walk farther into the city, one thing that you do notice, too, is there are these stationary torches that meet at various crossroads. And at the top of these torches there is a ball of flame that is flickering and shooting off spurts here and there, and every now and then you hear one go (flaring) in the distance and that's what you were seeing on the other side of the wall. These flames cause this dancing light source effect throughout the entire city due to the vastly metallic nature of the building construct here. And so as you-- Okay, so as you guys are walking, keeping your eyes out before yourselves, you guys engage in conversation as you continue into the city. You haven't seen any, at the moment. You have seen, so far, efreeti being capable of flight, both from your previous encounter and the two at the gate that just jettisoned off in your direction before landing. No. From your Alter Self ability? No. They are far too different in size, physiology, and appearance to pass off as an efreet. You can keep an eye out as you continue walking forward. You don't see any yet. Okay, so you keep an eye out as you progress. And you're looking for--? Okay. Continuing farther into the city. This whole city has this vibrant life to it, from the way it reflects light from the ever-changing, flickering skylight from the sun, to the flames that adorn every single conjunction of roads that make their way through the city, to occasionally, you will see cracks in the ground where a flame will flare out then retract within. Go ahead and make a perception check. Okay. 22. No more than maybe five minutes into your walk into the city, you do notice two efreeti have begun to follow you from about 20 feet behind. They're both walking and talking to themselves, keeping an eye on you guys. Well, they're about 25, 30 feet behind. As you continue walking forward, you do bring your attention ahead and at the next street junction, which is more like two alleys that collide, you do see two individuals that walk out. One of them is a similar humanoid as to the strange-looking ones you saw go walking by there. They have a thin figure, sallow, elongated features, their hair is wild and red and stringy and upward behind them. Their eyes tend to have a non-human appearance to them, the iris a light-orangish color. They have long white and gold robes and are walking alongside a tiefling of similar red skin to the color of the efreeti here, with deep gray, long hair that goes behind a ridge of horns that curl into almost like ram horns in the front, and the long, gray hair extends to the mid-back. They both walk along side by side, their arms within their robes-- both are wearing matching white and gold robes-- and they each step out from the alley and begin to walk ahead of you guys about 60, 70 feet. There's one entity that's the strange being and the other is a tiefling. Make a persuasion check. 20. They both turn and look towards you with a curious glance. The strange, alien-looking one gives a half-cocked grin and shakes his head. The tiefling looks you over for a second. "Stranger, I "mean you no offense, but--" And as he looks past you at the rest of the group walking behind you. "You know what, follow me." They both continue to walk in the direction they're walking. They're together, but they face away from you. He's just, "Follow me." And they both continue walking ahead of you guys. Go ahead and make an insight check from what very little bit of body language you can see. It's going to be very hard to read anything. 15? Unfortunately, at the distance that he was from you, about 60 feet or so, and what little bit time he was faced away-- his interaction with Vax was so short, it's a blank slate. Nothing you can read off of him. They're not talking to each other, they're looking, facing away from you, and walking the same pace they were. However, Vex, since you were looking up in the sky, you do see, for a brief instant, a large, avian-like entity-- Bird-like. --but massive. And it looks to leave some sort of flame-like trail behind it as it (fiery whooshing). LIAM, LAURA, and Make an intelligence check. Yes. Eight? Yeah, it's a flaming bird! Just don't do that because it doesn't matter! All you're doing is killing yourself, Laura! All right, as you guys continue to follow these two-- Do you guys keep the same distance? Do you catch up with them, do you stay behind, what are you doing? You're about 60 feet behind them. Okay. As you drop back from them, you come pretty close to the two efreeti that are following you from behind, and one of them puts his hand out and grabs you by the shoulder and pats you and goes, "So friend, you are--? You are--?" "Who are you?" Make a deception check. "Heh. I like this one. We'll keep him." And he pats you on the shoulder and they both walk-- Okay! You guys hear what sounds like a small crack of thunder behind you (thunder crack sound). As you glance over you can see Grog has swollen to his enlarged size and is now walking shoulder to shoulder with the two efreeti that began to flank from behind. They both take a step back. "I double "down on my statement. We keep him." And they keep walking shoulder to shoulder to you. They're not doing anything, they're walking shoulder to shoulder. All right, so you guys, hanging back-- They're keeping pace with you as you're walking. You're walking shoulder to shoulder as the rest of you begin to slow down and catch up except for Vex, Vax, and Percy, who continue forward. We have Pike, Keyleth, and Scanlan beginning to catch up with Grog, and as you guys eventually get to the point where you're walking slow enough that the two efreeti catch up behind you, they keep walking with you. Make a persuasion check with disadvantage. Persuasion. He looks at your fist and flicks it. It does sting a little. It doesn't do any damage but the flame goes out. In fact, it's strange. Normally the flames would stay, but it's almost like he willed the flame in your hand to extinguish. The other one on the other side of Grog, that wasn't interacting with Keyleth, grunts. "Hmph." They both slowly look at each other and grin. And slowly nod their heads. They turn back and one of them goes, "Yes, we do, actually. Would you like us to take you there?" "You seem like you are not from around here. It is dangerous to wander these streets unaccompanied." "This one?" He extends a hand next to you, a very large hand, and he says, "Come. I will carry you to your destination." "Then let us continue to walk. We will want to take a left at the next big juncture." They both keep walking alongside the two of you. While this is happening, you guys are keeping behind and glancing over your shoulder and seeing the rest of your party slowly gather at the knees of these two walking, haughty-looking djinn. This is to the tiefling? The tiefling looks over his shoulder towards you and goes, "We are going to-- (groans). All "right, this just got very-- If you look ahead, one alley, we are going to dart to the right. Follow, quickly." "Yes!" So they begin taking up their pace a little bit, quickening their walk, almost like a light jog. Do you guys keep up? Okay. You guys look ahead and you see the other three members, the rest of your party, beginning to get farther away from you at a faster pace. Okay. Following up at pace with them, you get past a couple of small intersections and the two figures dart off into this small alley, right off to the side. Stealth by going into the alley? What are you stealthing behind? It's a pretty-- heh. I'm not going to say it, but the sun is high in the sky. Correct. It's hard to tell. They don't seem to be paying any mind, and when the two figures darted off in the alleyway, there was no-- At this point, you're about 80 feet in front of them. The two figures that darted off? Yeah, they're about 15 feet back and they're both waiting. Okay. Percy, do you follow suit? Okay. The three of you dart in. You guys watch as the three of them vanish into that alley. No, but that's about two intersections ahead. The ones immediately before you, the efreet goes, "Turn left. To Pelor's temple." "Left to Pelor's temple, small one!" As you guys are coming to the intersection-- "Right here." "Then I am taking you. Take a left." Well, hold on a second. Well, as you begin casting your spell-- because casting a spell is a very physical thing-- you begin to whisper your various divine incantations beneath your breath, and your holy symbol of Sarenrae begins to glow, though diminished this far from the Prime Material plane, still effective. You get partway through your incantation before the two efreeti who are flanking grab Grog by the shoulders and forcefully push, like a giant wedge, trying to shove your entire group to the left down the street. You, being at the immediate brunt of that, basically are getting shoved in the shoulder and off to the side. I need you to make a constitution saving throw to see if you maintain concentration on the spell. Okay, yeah, so as you're partway through the incantation before it gets completely scattered halfway through and the spell is lost. You still used the spell slot, though. But they're now using Grog as the base point and all three of them are pushing you all to the left forcefully. Scanlan, what are you doing? Nope. You turn around and sing in their face. Oh shit, okay! What's the DC on this? Jesus Christ, dude. Fucking Scanlan. Let this be a lesson to all DMs out there be careful about creating magical items that increase spell DC. So that's a wisdom saving throw-- Let's not break it, but be careful, be mindful. All right, so, wisdom saving throw. Two on that. All righty. The efreet that is on the left side, the one that is directly behind you-- the other one that's pushing Pike off to the side is separate-- the one that's behind you, as you turn around and begin singing up to it, it stops in its tracks and nods its head to the beat as you're singing and its eyes half-close for a second, and you get the assertion that the spell has taken effect. The other ally is still pushing Grog and Pike and basically scooping you guys into this alleyway to the left. No, they're behind you, basically you got like shoved off at the point. Scanlan turned around and did that as Pike's being shoved off to the side. And Grog, they're both shoulder to shoulder shoving you in that direction. So that was your action. Hmm? You can, I'm getting to that point. All of this is happening simultaneously. As you're doing that, singing in the face of that efreet, you just got knocked out of your spell, so you're going to have to take a moment to do that. Keyleth, Grog, what are you doing? Okay, so you (grunting) and intentionally fall prone on the ground. All righty. Keyleth, what are you doing? If anything. Okay. Okay. So as Scanlan's in the middle of singing a song, and the one efreet stops in their tracks, you turn around and your form shifts. What do you want your tiefling to look like? Which is still, like, an eighth as intimidating as an efreet. But you whip around and you say this, I'm going to have you go ahead and make a deception check. Okay, as you're talking up to the one on the left, as Grog falls forward, he's looking off down and he's going to reach for him as you shout in his face. (scoffs) And palms you in the face with his hand, and I need you to make a strength saving throw. 13. Basically his hand grabs you and, like, his fingers close around the back of your head, holding you like a ball, and lifts you a little off the ground and throws you into the alley. So as Keyleth gets chucked off to the side of the alley, you're finishing getting pushed off. Scanlan, what are you doing with your command over the efreet? The efreet that you control turns around and goes, "Hey! This is not our business. We need to "let them go." The other efreet goes, "What are you talking about? They're at our disposal!" He looks back at the first one who goes, "It doesn't matter. Let them go. Now." The other one looks down at you and looks at the other one. That's cocked. And glances down at you, Scanlan, and goes, "What have you done to my friend?" I need to make a-- actually, for Dominate-- Right now, from what you can see-- You can't see anything, you're on the ground prone right now. You're surrounded by everyone shouting at each other at this moment. From what you can see, nobody else is in this alleyway at the moment. Okay, yeah, so the efreet that you control, who's still staring at the friend, looks at you as you shout this, grins, and grabs the other efreet by the throat and slams him into the wall. You just go running? (laughter) So as it's holding the other efreet against the wall, his thumbs pushing into his throat like (choking), it's reaching up and grabbing the back of the hands, its legs flailing as bits of smoke and ash being cast off, Keyleth runs past, this tiefling fucking running as fast as you can down the alleyway. What are you guys doing? Yeah, so you grab her by the back of the armor and lift her up off the ground. Pike, you start running, but all of a sudden your feet are off the ground, you're running in the air, as Grog is like bounding with you. There's an alleyway, is what you can see, that Keyleth darts off into. Scanlan, what are you doing? Okay, you watch as the one efreet holding his friend against the wall there is like (strained grunt). The one that's being choked goes, (choking) "What's this?" He reaches down and pulls a blade out of the side and begins jabbing it into the arm of the guy who's holding him. ASHLEY and Which does six damage there, and he gets to make a saving throw because he took damage. So he's like, stabbing him in the arm repeatedly. The other guy's like (grunting), still pushing into his throat, and he takes him, lifts him up, and slams him into the other wall, causing him to drop the dagger in the other hand, and begins to push him down towards the ground. You can see his eyes, still intense, but controlled by the spell as he's pushing the other efreet into the dark stonework and you can see it cracking and breaking against the force. The other efreet now is being held against their-- (foreign language) and begins chanting something beneath his breath. So he's currently chanting under his breath and you watch as the words begin to emit, his form begins to shimmer and change. If you're glancing around the alleyway, at this point in time, full pace, full round, you see Grog and Pike have just now disappeared around the corner of that alleyway. Keyleth is gone. She got there before they did. Actually, you guys would have caught up pretty fast because of Grog's speed. So Keyleth would have gotten a head start and then Grog bypassed her, so you just see Keyleth disappear behind the corner of the alleyway. Okay, so you'll be appearing at the mouth of that alleyway and you can dart into it. I would say go ahead and make a stealth roll to see if the one who is currently casting even has a glance of seeing you out of the corner of his eye. Okay. At the moment as you disappear into the door, you watch as the efreet that's being choked, his form turns into reddish-white gas, like a cloud of mist, and escapes the grip of his friend, who then looks up and-- let's see here. Okay, yeah, he's going to go ahead and angrily look up and his legs turn into that burst of flame and begin to rise up. And he begins clawing at the gaseous cloud as you disappear and vanish, leaving them both still fighting. You pull into the alleyway and you guys are all there for a moment. You see the rest of them further down the alleyway now. You continue following them, I imagine? The one that you were pushed into, essentially as you were walking forward, is to the left. You guys continued forward past two more alleyways and then went to the second one to the right that way and so this one continues down and seems to curve around after about 100 feet or so through a series of buildings that are built right next to each other, giving you one pathway that curves out of sight. Okay, so you guys continue forward down that alley. You hear in the distance the muffled sounds of some sort of weird, echoey scuffle and it seems to vanish into the rest of the atmospheric sound of general wind being blown through tight passages and the occasional flare of flame. You all turn the corner as it begins to curve and suddenly there's another splinter alleyway that descends into stairs and, you guys following the two humanoid individuals you originally followed, continue down that path and they lead you into a small, enclosed room. There's a door that's partially ajar and they've shoved their way into it and disappear inside. Do you follow? All right, so you guys all dart into this same room. As you guys all charge into here-- Yeah, it's filled with spikes and fire. As you go charging into this room, immediately it's much smaller that I think you all anticipated and it would be Vex and Vax getting there first. You guys charge into the room and your darkvision helps you as you adjust to the change of light, just in time for you to run into the two individuals that had led you in there. This is some sort of a storage room, filled with a series of metallic boxes. And this room could comfortably fit five people. And as soon as you charge, you ram into their shoulder and before you can turn, all of a sudden, you watch as Grog with two other people comes slamming in and you've all very tightly squeezed into this dark space. As Scanlan comes around the corner-- And you do. Sweaty cheek. Reverse motorboat. It's a terrible thing. Yeah, they're like, (strained) "Okay-- please-- " It's dark. There's no light in here, yeah. No, there's just the door you guys entered. It's a storage shed. You're asking this right now? He looks at you. "You're asking this right now?" Let me change this to a bit of a calmer circumstance, here-- the tiefling says, "Shh!" "Shh! Close the door!" And it is like-- As you all inhale, the door finally closes. Vex climbs up. A minute of quiet passes. Eventually, as silence passes for a bit, you hear a voice, a very soft and gentle voice that you haven't heard yet, break the darkness. He goes, "I think it's safe to speak now." The lithe-looking individual you saw earlier with the wiry red hair and the somewhat reddish-black eyes says, "Well, "it was uncommon to see individuals wandering this city with a look of absolute victimization." "I'm Senokir. This is Uten, my business partner. We are jewelers here in the City of "Brass. And if I'm not mistaken, you now owe us a favor." "Favors are more useful when you're not in chains." "So. Let us wait here about ten, 15 more moments. Let any immediate chance of you running "into those thugs pass. We'll have a more private conversation at our place of business, if you "don't mind." "They signify our freedom." "Few that come here manage to escape that fate immediately. We found our way." Make an insight check. The one that's been speaking to you is the other humanoid of strange racial origin. Yeah, Senokir is the humanoid. Something's different. You don't recognize his race or background. "Shh, let us wait. We will continue this conversation at our establishment." "No." "I have no idea. Which is why we shouldn't stay long." "I have no idea, but I imagine they would have called in some friends to meet you and you "would have found yourselves in a very tough position." "A few more moments, please." "Shh." You wait in awkward silence for the next five minutes, with any sort of sound, utterance, or conversation being immediately shushed by Senokir. Eventually-- --Senokir perks up and the slightly pointed ears of his form seem to almost twitch. "I think "passage is safe. Very well, open the door. Follow us, please." As you guys filter out, they continue, a quick pace, and lead you through a series of winding side streets and momentary pauses to pass as a number of other creatures and individuals walk by. Passing efreeti, passing occasionally some sort of giant, winged, red creature that stalks down the street, dragging behind it a large cart that has bars in it. You can see a number of smaller, almost, I wouldn't say fey-type creatures, but things that are definitely not of this realm, that are all bound by neck irons. You do also see a few small families wander through, laughing, that appear to be humanoid, but once again their physicality is very similar to the individual Senokir. Eventually, you are led back to a simple exterior. It's a back entrance, leading away from this main street. They both enter to this iron doorway. Senokir pulls something from a pocket and glances at the rest of you. He pricks his finger and places it to the edge of this object, some sort of a disk, and it has a small point on one end that he uses to prick his finger. Once he's smeared his blood on the disk, he presses it against the door, and the iron door opens up a little bit. Places it in his pocket. "Come inside, so we may speak, please." TALIESIN and Make an insight check. Glancing at him, he's a very hard individual to read. He has this awkward, stilted conversational cadence to his way of speaking, and whenever he speaks to you, he's not quite looking at you. He doesn't seem dishonest, just hard to read. Okay. As you guys enter, these wall sconces begin to come to life on their own across the walls. On the inside, you can see this gorgeous workspace for all sorts of small-level metallurgy and metalcraft. Percy, you really appreciate this. You see small furnaces and a number of metals laid out in ingots, some used in different volumes. Many substances and things that you've never seen before. A couple of small boxes to the side of rough, uncut gems, currently at this distance-- As the door closes behind and the two individuals walk in, they rummage around and begin finding some small stools and arrange them so they can present to you more like, treat you like a guest. He sets them down. "Please, sit, and we shall speak." "I have no idea these words you speak." All right, Locate Object. Locate Object is one action, so it takes six seconds to cast. So as everyone's sitting on your stools and getting ready, you close your eyes for a second, concentrate, mutter beneath your breath. You extend your understanding in this dark space around you, waiting for the warmth of any sort of call to the Dawnmartyr Plate. Eventually your mental expansion reaches the limitations of the spell, with nothing coming back. As you've all sat down and assembled, Senokir sits as well, hands crossed very pleasantly in front of him. Very up straight, strange head cocked a little to the side. "So "you've found yourselves here, out of place, and we've helped you once. We will discuss the terms "of our repayment for our aid. But before then, I must ask why you would come here so unprepared." "I have heard this name." "No. He stayed mostly over the Sea of Fire." "What are you here for?" "Good. Keep him away from here." "No, I just don't trust dragons." "Hmm." "Heh. Humanly." "Perhaps I can be of aid. What powers do you seek?" "I asked my question first." "Suutan, now that I am aware of." "Does it still belong in the possession of this Suutan?" "A fire giant within this city?" "That narrows it down. There are only three that live here--" "--not under subjugation." "Generally, no. Those that own them, own what they own. So maybe it's one of them. We can "go ask." "Relatively. Depending on which one you ask first." Uten is sitting back, arms crossed. Completely unfazed. He suddenly leans forward, steps up from the stool, and walks over to you and begins to look very closely over your clothing. "Can you afford what I make?" "Depends. I have plenty of money, but you owe me, and if I help you find this giant and this "armor you're seeking, you will owe me even more. So. To keep this interesting, how about we go find "this armor?" "Where's the fun in that?" "So. To the giant?" "Well, I mean no disrespect, but--" He lifts his hand and snaps the fingers. You watch as Uten goes, "Oh, right, sorry. I got you." He goes rummaging through a case and you hear what sounds like the dragging and clanging of many pieces of small metal. Procures a series of chains and neck irons. Senokir looks up. "There's not much else I have to offer but, for the most part, you won't be "bothered." "If that is the deal we make." "I think you will find our arrangements agreeable." "It seems we've found some semblance of an accord for the time. Come, place these gently upon "yourselves and we'll be on our way." "I'm sorry, no. Those come with station, and station requires recognition. None will recognize "you here. You'll be found out immediately." "Sure. If you are confident." Go for it. Just 20? The chains appear to be mundane. They are heavy, they are thick, they are definitely functional, but they are not enchanted. He looks you over. "Impressive. I think you will get no concern from myself when the other "genasi cross your way." "I don't know what you mean." Okay, make a sleight of hand check. There's one for each wrist and then a neck iron. Of course you do. The idea is, your hands are chained, and the chains attack to the neck iron about there, so you don't have a whole lot of arm movement, and then the neck iron has a chain from the back that is held. And actually, Uten begins to gather all the chains at the very back and runs them to a singular ring, which is held by him. Glove of Storing, yeah. You wouldn't be able to have both attuned because they're both on the hand. No, sorry. (Victor voice) "Learn from my mistakes!" Okay. Vex, you manage to get them clicked on, and as soon as you feel confident, they go (clank) and hang open. As all of the chains are attached, some time has passed. You've attuned to your ring. What have you un-attuned to? So you have the ring on. You're maintaining your altered appearance. Uten takes all the chains and clinks them onto the one ring. Gives it a tug, just to check, and you all feel the tug from behind. "Very well. It seems we are prepared. Come, now, let us all go speak with Whaska." No, he doesn't seem like he's intent on chaining all of you. He just chained those that couldn't pass. "Yes." (chuckles) (laughter) Different outfits. It appears that it isn't like, the white robes signify that a person is free. Just for these two, it's a level of station, it seems, in the way they've described it. Shit! You're not filming next Thursday, are you? Let me know. If you're not scheduled, we'll try and Skype you in, because I would still like you to continue this. That's fine. Just having you here. It's been four hours! I know. Well, guys, thank you for watching. I hope you had fun, as we do, in this insanity. That's just how it worked out, guys!