Thank you, Sam. Very informative. Exactly. Tary's the new Sombra. (all laugh) Hey, at least it's in character. Thank you, Sam. Appreciate it. All righty, so, a number of us, if the weather is with us-- as a giant storm apparently just blew into the west coast-- are intending to fly out tomorrow to Anime Milwaukee. So it'll be me and Marisha-- Yes! It's gonna be cold. With Travis, Laura, myself, and Marisha will be out there along with a bunch of other awesome guests, so hopefully we'll see you guys there very soon. Also, as far as the merch goes, apparently we're out of dice! Right? We're out of dice. Dice are gone. You speak like you know what you're talking about. (laughs) No worries. Thank you, Laura. Marisha, do you want to talk about Signal Boost? I guess Amy Dallen just had her run, right? (laughs) Well done! Indeed. (In Scottish accent) And there's a new thing called Wednesday Club. You want to talk about that? What's that about, Taliesin? Tell us about that! Thank you, Taliesin. Also, there's a game called For Honor that just came out that a couple of you assholes are in. That was two days ago. There ya go! You got out of the house, though. Bad movies. No, we had to sit quietly for an hour afterward, just to take it all in. Including Katana's needless arrival-- Anyway! This is not this night's game of D&D. That's awesome! Yes. We're just gonna be somewhere in a forest, lost, screaming to each other, Help! So that's our future. Cultural heritage of ours. Last but not least, quick little note, due to the current difficulties with green cards and people that are in the country who weren't born here, one of our fantastic crew members, Amandine, unfortunately is having to leave and go back to Switzerland. This is her last episode of Critical Role. She's been a tremendously amazing member of our team, and we've loved having her here, and we certainly know this is not the last we'll see of her, but this'll be her last show for awhile, so I just wanted to bring her out and say hi to the community real fast. Come here. You've been amazing. We all tried, everyone here did our best, but we're going to miss you terribly and you've been amazing. Yeah, she's been kicking ass on set. Seriously, so, everyone send your love, give your hearts out, and yeah, we'll look forward to seeing your adventures as you progress and we'll bring you back as soon as we can. We'll find a way. Thank you. Yeah, perfect! We're coming to Switzerland! Guys. Let's go ahead and jump into tonight's episode... of Critical Role. [opening credits] Correct. That is a very important fact. (writing noises) And the hand seems to pick up speed and start rapidly whipping across the page-- (tearing paper noise) Tears it out and presents it to you rather forcefully just over Taryon's head. And it is pretty fine calligraphy, actually. Not that you can appreciate it. It just looks like a god damn scribble. (all laugh) The entire establishment pretty much is full except for a couple of individuals that you remember from before who are kind of masquerading as patrons, but each, while they have their drink in front of them, they haven't touched it, and they have their hand on the side of their sword belts. At the bar, there is nobody currently manning it. And as this conversation's occurring you do see the familiar face of Treev Bonebreaker, the bronze Dragonborn who is the Scarbearer Head here within the facility, turn the corner into the room. It looks like he's wiping out what looks to be a large tankard, as he kind of like gives it a shine and looks over. "Well, look at that. It looks like they all returned. It's not often you see folks who are at "least trying to stick to their word." One would recommend that. Yeah. Treev. What's your name? No. Who's this fucker? LAURA, TALIESIN, and Ah, there's some fancy garb you're wearing.  Good to know. Anyway.  He leans forward. "So what? Are you here to talk--" "-- or drink?  You here to talk?" He does a quick scan of the room. "It's my people and you. Might as well."  Okay, and you do. You find the mechanical digits of Ripley, plus some of them partially bent from the combat-- Do you pass over the hand? While this is happening you kind of slam it down on the table. The giant, bronze dragonborn claw reaches out and grabs it, and rakes it forward, picks it up, and the fingers fall limp in the grasp. And he turns it around in his vision. (sniffs) "It's a strange contraption. Certainly looks like a hand." So you're telling me, this is the one that took out the Mistress Asharru? "Right, right. Very well." He takes the hand and begins scraping the pistol back with him as well. "All right. Well, at least the Mistress can lay at rest. I thank you for your deed." And he spins his finger in the air and one of the men at the table gets up and walks out of the room and exits through the front door behind you. Takes some balls to come back here and not have anything to show for it. So, glad you got balls, all of you. Except for that one. Well, I have called off my associates. The hunt is null and void. You're free to wander without worry. Stay for a drink? Certainly. It's been kinda low-key here for the day. All right. Anyone else?  "Round it is." And he goes and he gathers up a number of small mugs, tankards, it's ramshackle in here. This essentially acts as a base of operations first and a tavern a distant second, so it's barely functional really as a comparable establishment for fine drinks and atmosphere, but it works. Yeah, yeah. The drinks are passed around, some small talk's made with Treev, discussing just how things have been pretty low-key since Asharru was killed and you guys last left, there hasn't been an upset. There was apparently a vision of some sort of a creature at the top of the Cerulean Palace a few days ago. But people were wondering if that was a sighting of Devo'ssa, and some of the rather intense historians and younger believers in the myth of Devo'ssa have been up in a tizzy, and Treev just kinda shrugs it off and takes a drink and goes, "Just what we need is another bigger fucking dragon." Aye. At which point Doty crams in right behind and is dwarfing Tary in size with the broad metallic shoulders and is (heavy footfalls) No response. I did. Oh, shit! (all laugh) That's beautiful. Okay. Let me go look up the information that I emailed you. You are from the city of Diastock, in the Truscan Empire of Wildmount. Diastock. In the Truscan Empire Treev's already on it. Treev is like, "Oh, don't worry. I'm loving this." Then he's just pouring all of you glasses and shoving them forward to you guys and crossing his arms. We ain't got meat. All right, perception check. Go ahead. Okay, good to know. Continue. You guys have stepped away from the rest of the crowd, as you guys watch-- Tary kind of puts his arm on her shoulder-- Leads her over to the corner. A nice fistful of pristine platinum pieces in his grip. You hear the scratching sound of quill on parchment as Doty has arrived behind you and is now currently cataloguing the entire conversation. (all laugh) Go ahead and make an investigation check. Okay. You've seen quite a few gold, platinum pieces in your time. This seems fairly legit. It seems like it's been minted recently, relative in the past maybe ten or so years. It has not seen a lot of antiquing across its surface, and most of the coin is branded in a way that emanates from the Truscan Empire. It does appear to have Wildmount origin. If only. It's roughly eight and a half feet tall. A bit taller, yeah, I'd say a little larger than that. It's kind of hunched forward as it walks, it probably could stand taller if it wanted to. Not as broad. It's tall, but it's kind of lanky in its construction, and it seems to be thicker at the feet and the arms and fists, but the actual structure itself is proportionally pretty thin. Okay. The eye that you have been keeping out, you don't notice anyone giving chase or following you. Glancing over and getting a quick look-- make a perception check actually. Okay, glancing over and giving a once over of the giant mechanical creature (footsteps) walking a few feet behind you, you can see there are a lot of signs of repair. You can see there are a lot of places where bits of metal have been re-hammered. Elements have been patched over, and additional layers of armor have been added to it. You do see what appear to be some scrapes and areas where it has sustained various weapon attacks. That whole circumstance. It looks like it's seen some scuffles in it's time. Yeah, make an insight check. Hard to read. For many reasons!  Okay. Investigation check. What are you trying to ascertain about it? Best that you can tell from its construction and your understanding, there is a lot of ingenuity in its design. But it is, it exists, and moves through a combination of decent engineering and enchantment. You can see very, very faint engravings of various runic glyphs that are similar some of the ones that you saw on-- -- Fassbender. You guys make your way to the Sand Herald District and there you can see the distant towers of the Cerulean Place. The large central one that leads up into the chamber of J'mon Sa Ord. As you approach the outside, you see the familiar faces and armor of the Hands of Ord there, guarding the exterior of the palace walls. As you approach, one of the guards steps up with their same kind of brass and sapphire emblazoned armor, and one of them approaches and steps forward. "I'm sorry. Do you have business at the palace?"  The guard takes the flute and-- The guard takes it and looks at it, confused. "Please to be patient, for just a moment." "Be pleased." Turns around and walks back up the stairs, the front of the palace, and enters through one of the side doorways. About two, three minutes pass. The guards just keep a view out, and then eventually you see an older woman in familiar ceremonial robes exit from the doorway that the guard went into. This is the Grand Maven, Gameshega, who you met and escorted you up into the palace originally. She walks up with her bracelets still jingling as she steps down the stairs, her long robes trailing behind her a good like two-three feet. Her headdress still has little brass quills that streak down, past her shoulders into her mid-back, and as she steps up "It is good to see all of you once more. "I do not believe we have met, I'm sorry, what is your name?" Taryon Darrington, friend of Vox Machina, it is a pleasure to make your acquaintance. So J'mon would like to extend their greetings to all of you, and respect in the wake of the news of the destruction of the Conclave. You've aided in closing a far too lingering chapter in the history of Marquet and the ruin of the Cinder King. Thank you. This information did make it to the ears of J'mon. Of course. Anything else? "Of course, my dear." And she walks alongside you as you pull her off a little bit. I can see what I can do. What is the name of this gentleman? There you go. Jarrett Howarth. Okay. I will go and take this into the archives, discover and see what can be done. Yes, should we be sending it to Emon as well? To Whitestone? Okay. Very well. We have not sent anything to Whitestone before. We will find a way to do so. I will do this. I apologize, J'mon is not currently taking audiences. But I will continue to pass this word onto them. Thank you very much. And good day! Be pleased. As the Grand Maven turns around and heads back up the stairs, the guards take their place and the palace is at rest. Make a perception check. Uh, best that you can tell here in the Sand Herald district, no. Most everyone who wanders around here are of noble dress or part of the Hand of Ord. All right, as you find a familiar tree you can utilize to transport over to Whitestone, Tary you watch as the center of this tree's trunk suddenly seems to split open with divine energy. On the opposite side, you watch this tunnel progress about four or five feet within where it just looks like the striations of the interior of the tree trunk before it emerges on the other side into another town square currently in the middle of an evening. As you all tumble through the Transport via Plants spell, you all emerge on the opposite side of the Sun Tree in the center of Whitestone's courtyard. What do you wish to do? Technically now that I think about it, it would still be day, because you guys left in the morning to Ank'Harel, and you've been there for a few hours, so it's early afternoon at this point. Yeah, it's easy enough to find. You head down to where the makeshift garrison, which has now seen reconstruction, actually being turned into a decent functional garrison within the town itself. A lot of the guards are out there running through their drills for the afternoon, and you can see Jarrett is in the process of running them through what looks like ranged combat training. As you approach, Jarett looks over and watches you walking up from a distance and kind of gives a wave, "Hello!" "So, everything seems to be in order here. I have to say, I am very glad to know that we "have no more dragons for quite some time." And you see he's recovering; he's healing, but there is noticeable scarring on the side of his neck. And it looks like he's going through the process of recovering from the Thordak battle, but he's doing much better than the last time you saw him. To be perfectly honest, very happy to not be anywhere near that terrible city. I never thought I had the sense for the slower parts of the countryside, but I don't know; I've come to like it here in Whitestone. Well, I was intending to. Yes, yes. Really, you employ me so it is more up to you, but I kind of like the change in temperature. Bit chillier up here, north. Oh? Right? Really? He doesn't look nervous at all, he looks elated and is like, "Well, thank you. I hope that comes to a fruitful end. I've been living here long enough where it's "not a huge deal to me, but it would be nice to occasionally return--" Yeah. You know. Thank you, I appreciate that. I am sorry to hear that. This is good to know. Well, I look forward to his return. That being the case, can I ask a favor of you? "Could you hold this?" And he reaches back and pulls out a small pouch and puts it in your hand. "I don't feel comfortable holding on to this." It was requested by your small bard friend and I probably should not have it on my person. Yes. One that you should not probably drink. It's suude. It's illegal. You should not-- It is dangerous. Yes! Yes it is! Let's talk about it in front of everyone I'm training! Yes, thank you! Don't do drugs! No, I procured them for him at his request. (unconvincingly) No. (all laugh) This was only the second. I did not want to do this! He is a very convincing person and looked like he was going through a hard time. And look, I understand that, and I warned him. He knew full well the dangers involved; he's a much stronger man than I am. Who was I to tell him this? And he's very persuasive. Not more than maybe a week or two ago? Yes, it was burning a hole in my pocket. And I don't want to hold onto it. Sorry. I appreciate your understanding. Yes, I should do that. He turns around, "You lot heard nothing! Nock your crossbows, nock--" (whack) and slaps one guy on the back of the head. "All right. Focus up, on the targets," and you hear him begin taking a few volleys off in the distance as you walk your way back to the castle. The rest of you, as you walk through Whitestone, Taryon, you watch this beautiful, wonderfully slightly backwards city-- It's charming. Yeah! And there's a castle. They have a castle! Yeah. Your best bet, at this point, would be to make your way to the unclaimed gardens in the back of the castle. For awhile there was no greenery back there. The processing and disposing of the excess acids lead to the green fume that was billowing behind the castle when you first arrived here and destroyed most of the plant life. Through your aid and the people who kept the castle, those have been filled in and it looks like the castle grounds are starting to recover. There is now a fresh growing season of green back there, and that is closed off. It is protected. There are guards around and it is away from the general populace of Whitestone. Your insight skill. Travis, I would like you to roll a deception. Oh wait, no, it's from you, sorry. Yeah, this is Percival, technically. It's kind of both of you. You get the sense that maybe not all the information is there. It's not a lie, but it's definitely-- it speaks of a half truth. Okay, and you're going after Doty. With just your hands? Okay, both you guys roll attack. Okay, go ahead and do your sneak attack damage. And double it cause you rolled a natural 20. You, go ahead and roll for the backhand, it's one-- It's just a backhand. I would say it's one damage plus your strength modifier. Okay, so nine damage. Yeah, so it'd be nine. Okay, yes. Yep. To attack the person who attacked you. After this round, actually, for the tension basis of this and for the arrangement for the circumstance, I'm going to take a break, and then come back to this, so we can give this the real feel you want to. So after this round. All right, so after-- Okay, so you do seven damage, you backhand Doty (impact sound)-- -- and the head turns to the side. The tome falls to the ground, open on the ground so the pages fold a little bit, and the metallic creature (shifting metal) back to you, stands up, and now goes a full six inches taller than you, and then rears back with its fist, and right as it's about to swing, it sees from behind Vax creep up and hit-- how much damage? 86 points of damage. Actually, that's right, yeah, so even at your enlarged height, you're still probably a good foot and a half, two feet larger than Doty. Yeah, there you go. As you're growing (robotic motion noises)-- Goes to punch towards you, however out of the corner of Doty's eye, sees this half-elf show up and whack him right square in the center of the neck and spinal column and then the fist just goes wide and slams toward you. That is going to be a 23 to hit. You suffer... Ooh! 16 points of bludgeoning damage. As the giant iron fist of Doty just (whack) clangs into the back of your head and part of your ear and you feel the ringing in your skull from the impact. You, Taryon, fall to your knees-- -- and find a large portion of your vitality and breath and just general awareness knocked out of you from from one singular blow from nowhere. Your eyes go white for a second-- That was the surprise round, because you were not aware of this circumstance. We're going to continue combat after this break. (cheers and laughter) Oh yeah. Just so you're aware, everyone who's watching, you just watched your boyfriend cold-cock an innocent person. All right, just so you're aware. All right guys-- This is pretty fucked up, you guys. (all laugh) All right, we'll come back in a few minutes after we take a quick break to continue this combat. We'll see you here shortly. [BREAK] I know! I'm not surprised by any of you. It's just-- Oh no, I am surprised, I wasn't expecting it, but it makes sense. Yeah, exactly. That being the case, anyone who cares to get involved in this, I need you to roll initiative. Would you have gone with him, or would you have stayed back? So yeah, you wouldn't be there actually, yeah. You will be walking up towards the castle. So. There is no Percival, no Keyleth in, but you guys were-- Okay. Percival's in, yeah, they're there. Yeah, so Vex is the only one who's not there. Okay, so, for those who are present and wish to be part of this roll initiative. What have we got? So we have... Okay, Percival, you're up first. As you watch Grog backhand this mechanical entity in the face, while Vax appears from the shadows and just beans the back of Taryon across the center of the neck and spinal column-- -- and he falls to his knee making this horrible, horrible sound. Okay. Grog. Yeah. Doty just (twang), and looked back at you slowly. Unblinking mechanical face. Right here, about five feet from you. That's all you do? Okay, that's Grog's turn. Keyleth. Like an arena. Okay. Suddenly, the wind kicks up around (heavy wind). The leaves and various fallen parts of the greenery around here kick up into this torrent around you, as the wind is now creating a barrier around the battlefield. Okay, what level? Level two, all right. 2d4 plus six. Plus six for your Wisdom, so it's 13. Vax, what are you doing? (all laugh) All right. And you move back away from him? How far? 30 feet. No, out of the nose. You did 88 damage to him from behind with the back of your dagger. There is blood out of his nose, out of his ears. Understand, you critically hit him from behind to do 88 points of damage. That would have killed a regular human being. Or at least have put them in a-- He's not like, bleeding out. But he looks rough. (all laugh) No. Sam, what are you doing? Actually, Grog is not directly in a melee with you, so Grog does not. All the way around to here? So just past Doty, (whoosh), as a familiar, and previously prevented, blast of rainbow arcane energy comes shooting forth from Taryon's hand. Hitting Grog, Keyleth and Percival. I need you all to make a dexterity saving throw. You do, because of your cloak. What's the DC on that? Yes, on the helmet. Okay. Okay, so. Both of you guys halve the damage. Grog does not. Okay, got you. I'm going to go ahead and do this. Actually, you get to roll. If you want to. So it's 10d6 damage. Okay, I did roll for that one. Just in case, so-- I'm gonna figure that out here in just a minute. 41 damage, however, against you, Percy. That is 41 points of poison damage to you. Reduced to 20, reduced to ten. And your charges are still full, regardless. Keyleth. You take 41 points of fire damage, halved to 20. So, 20 points of fire damage as the red beam hits you and the flames just burn across. The front of your hair blown back from the blast of the heat. Percival, you feel the sickly ray of the poison splatter past and cover your skin with this semi-translucent poisonous liquid. Grog, you take 41 points of cold damage. You do. So, you take 20 points of cold damage from that. So, the beam subsides and you see them all blasted with it, but they're still standing. Perturbed by it. And Doty's at the ready, (metal hitting metal) What do you want Doty to do? (laughing) Yeah, I love it. All right, so Sanctuary on you, and what do you want to tell Doty to do? (metal grinding and a heavy force swinging) And is going to go in for ... The giant fist hit towards you. That is going to be a 17 to hit. What's your AC? All right, that hits. And then, after the fist comes back and smacks you in the face, across the jaw, for nine plus five-- 14 points of bludgeoning damage. The hand grabs the front your clavicle, pulls back, and attempts to headbutt you. That's a natural 20. That is 14-- That is 19 points of bludgeoning damage. So, halved to nine. That's right! So-- Yeah, so 19 points of bludgeoning damage. As Doty just (clang) slams you right in the middle of the face. You feel the nose kinda (cracking noise) from the break, and the blood getting gushed from your nostrils. From the headbutt. All right, that ends Doty's turn. Sanctuary's on you. Next up, top of the round, Percival. Okay, so you're holding until he fiddles with an object. Okay. That brings it to Grog. Okay. Bonus action, rage. Okay. You weren't in combat with him. Oh I see. So you go this way. Okay. Great. I will say Doty does get an attack of opportunity on you. As you pull out of the way. That is a nine. That does not hit you. (whoosh) Just too slow, and too wide as the rage kinda instills you with adrenaline, and you dodge past. All right. That's your turn? Okay. Keyleth. Next to Tary? Okay. Okay, make a wisdom saving throw. Yes. Make a wisdom saving throw. Any attack or spell that targets the warded creature with an attack, so yes. What's your spell DC, Tary? Okay, so yeah. Go ahead and roll your Fireball damage. Tary, I'm gonna need you to make a dexterity saving throw. Dexterity saving throw, please. Okay, go ahead and roll damage if you don't mind, Keyleth. (laughs) 8d6 points of damage. 8d6 points of fire damage. Yes. You hear the distant-- As you're walking up towards the front of the castle, you see, suddenly, this blast of multicolored arcane energy just, (shhhh) out from over the castle wall. You start running. Through the castle? Okay. Probably, otherwise you'd-- Okay so you immediately take the broom, slam it under, and begin flying at dash speed. It'll still take you a couple rounds to get there. And as you begin to crest up you see a fiery explosion in the middle of the courtyard, now. Okay. No, so it's 34 points of fire damage. Okay. Vax! It is your turn. And as you come up over the outside perimeter wall of castle Whitestone, you watch as the wind that is whipping around slowly subsides, and there in the center of the courtyard, you see the rest of your friends encircling Taryon Darrington, who is currently on one knee almost, and looks a little worse for wear. Sure. In the middle of this conversation, you watch, out of the corner of your eye, Taryon-- I know, but he looks over, because they're all facing him, and he looks up and sees you arcing over the top of the wall, and suddenly there's a flash of dark energy and a large bear, an armored bear, rolls out and just breaks into the center of everyone here as Taryon's pulling back, and now roars. And Trinket is still holding this aggressive stance to the rest of you, just in the vicinity, and looks a little more confused and just sits down. It stings a lot. Trinket's head pokes just into frame to you, Taryon, and he goes (licks) Which, for the record, you now look over and Doty has been writing all this down. (all laugh) (sounds of Doty ripping and crumpling paper) (sounds of book slamming shut and Doty walking) (chuckles) As Doty follows you, you guys make your way into the castle. Wine bottles are brought about, and a raucous evening of drinking is easily found. The barn-burner you're looking for Shaun is able to be mustered, Jarrett, Kima's still back in Emon, and actually Allura is in town briefly to retrieve Pike. And as Pike comes in, she reaches you guys. "Hi. Apparently there's still a lot of recovery that's needed in Emon and they need kind of an "all-hands-on-deck circumstance with anyone who's trained in healing, "so I may have to go help with that for a little bit, if that's okay?" I mean, don't-- don't go-- (sigh) don't go to any crazy hell places without me, let me know before that happens, please. I mean, try and at least let me know? It's fine, go! I mean, I don't know how much help I'll be other than just getting you there, but there's plenty of people that can, you know, helm a ship and get you across the sea. Hire a good crew. Really. I was but one of many and everything I learned, I learned from watching other people. You might learn more than I did!Okay? I could use the distraction, to be honest. You'll be fine, I mean, it's all tying up loose ends, and I'm more needed helping people that really need what I can do right now. It won't be long, they're gathering a lot of great healers. I know Keeper Yennen's coming along-- -- and we're gonna be doing some people some real good. Might even bring the love of my Lady to a few people. Her light can definitely heal a lot of wounds and spirits, so. She pulls back from you and kind of pats you on the side of your face. She lets go of Allura's hand, runs up real fast, and just slugs you in the face-- -- and jumps into your arms. Ohh. I will! Okay. "Bye." She turns around and runs back to Allura. After Yennen is summoned forth, the three of them vanish into a swirl of arcane energy, towards the direction of Emon. Yeah. Yeah, it does not. Bad News contraption? It is empty. What are you thinking of while you reach in there? Does he find candy? Nope. It's just a void, an empty sack. The weapon is near him, but not currently on him. You watch as your hammer just ignites with flame. It burns your hand. (all laugh) Yeah, it hurts. The two of them, as you guys are having this conversation, without realizing it, slowly exit together. Right, then you stop yourself as you reach the door. Okay, the waitstaff come in and retrieve your belongings and lead you up to the chamber that'll be prepared for your evening. All right. As the rest of you wind down the evening, drinking, perusing the treasury, reading the various books that are at your disposal-- Yeah. You find your evening to a close. You enjoy the time to relax a bit and take another breath of air after this constant pressure that's been pushing you. Next morning comes in as the sun rises, you all come to consciousness, rouse yourselves for breakfast, and whatever the next day ensues. You all begin to gather in the common room of the castle once more. Yep, all healed up. You vaguely know that it exists somewhere in the Ozmit Sea. Kind of south-ish from Tal'Dorei. But you don't really know. Maybe a little bit of information-gathering, or asking people who may traverse that area would help you, but you don't really know. Pretty landlocked in Whitest-- Yeah, you have the Lucidian Ocean to the east of you. But it is a very treacherous water, and the Shearing Channel, that is the series of broken land mass between here and Wildmount, the one that the Briarwoods were brokering the bridge for, is-- yeah. Uh, there's Stillben, very very far south. But that is still out to the Lucidian Ocean, east. The Ozmit Sea is on the western side of the continent. Emon is the closest port city to head to the Ozmit Sea. The Earth Ashari are kind of northern, like mid-northern of the continent. They're in the Cliffkeep Mountains. Yes it is. Ask me, it's been my life for the past year. Writing all this down for a book for all you guys. Uh, on this continent? Yes. You don't know. I mean, a lot of that part of the town is just now being rebuilt and recovered so-- You have not checked in on the airship. You guys-- The last time you saw them was in the throes of the battle with Thordak, when they came in and gave it a helping hand briefly. Yes. Make a history check. It's not terrible, but your research hasn't delved too deeply into the Ashari. And the Ashari that you do know of are the Terra and uh, and the Air Ashari. There's the Terra and the Zephra. Those are the only two you know about. Those are the only two on the continent. The Vesrah you're not too familiar with. It's in essentially a heavy valley of stone in the center of the Cliffkeep Mountain range. It is far from civilization, it's maybe a few days of heavy mountain-- constant hiking north of where Kraghammer is. There are a couple that aren't too far outside of Terra that you can Tree Stride to. Yeah. Yes, I'm saying that there are some that are like, just in the outskirts of Terra, none directly in it. All righty. So as you guys are taking through the-- You find Grog off to the side. Make an insight check. It's a lot of words. It's a lot of words. But you got your deck back. You-- It's really confusing. She's talking at you, but nothing changed. Okay. You guys head up to Scanlan's room. Both you guys make investigation checks. Together you both see-- You both spend the better part of an hour thumbing through the various drawers and odd boxes and sundries that were left behind in the wake of Scanlan's departure. And at the same time you both come to find that, no, there are-- no illegal substances remain. Honestly? There are no nudey pictures, per se. You do find a series of books on art and the human physique. And all the corresponding images have been torn out. All right. You've joined the rest of the party, the rest of-- After you guys finish your perusal of the workshop, which is quite a workshop, mundane in a lot of ways, but functional for the basic purposes of tinkering. You guys gather up-- Together, prepare yourselves for what the next step of your journey is. What are you doing? Okay. All right. (laughs) You guys find your way to the Sun Tree. Utilizing Transport via Plants you find yourself (teleportation sound) thrust through the trunk of the Sun Tree, and emerging on the opposite side, on the cusp of a deep bowl-like valley that goes probably for a good mile and a half, or two miles across, before you reach the other side of this crest. Central Cliffkeep. You glance around, and there are the edges of a forest here. A lot of them are stockier trees, and things that live in harsh environments, and a lot of them are rooted in cracks in the ground, and portions of the rock that have split open. Down within this valley, you can already see what appear to be dozens and dozens of trenches, that seem to have been dug. And there are areas of this valley that appear to have eroded or collapsed. Like small, long rockslides that are just kind of dotting the edges of the mountain walls. Down towards the center you can see, also, a cluster of dozens and dozens of small abodes, it looks like. Homes, huts, structures made of rock. This is Terra, this is the Earth Ashari village here. Currently guarding over the localized rift to the Earth Elemental plane. You guys are traversing down into it? It takes you a short time, you find one of the paths that kinda zigzags down the side of this mountain drop, and make your way in towards the center. The sun is now-- I'd say at this time, just over the very top, kind of noon-ish portion of the day. You begin to walk your way in and it's very warm here, partially because the-- It's northern enough where usually it's a colder temperature on the island-- Don't you even, you motherfucker. I'm a little sensitive (all laugh) Disadvantage on the next roll. (all laugh) Exactly. Yeah. So as you continue downward, you get maybe a quarter-mile into this walk, still relatively far from the village, before-- And you recognize this. You watch as one of the nearby trenches, (earth moving) shifts up about two feet in stone, and you watch as three figures step out from within the trench and begin walking towards you. Okay. You watch as three humanoids approach. They are clad in darkened leathers, furs, and it looks like a lot of the armor and garb here is taken from hunted creatures and animals that have been prepared and tanned, here within the sun-wracked center of this mountain valley. The two to the-- Flanking the central figure appear to be human, male and female, both very short, kind of tossed hair. Then at the center you see what appears to be a surprisingly short, but very stocky and thick, half orc female. As she approaches she has-- the hair is woven back into these thick braids that are pulled into a singular, what looks like a topknot, on the upper back of her skull. Her jaw protrudes a bit, you can see the two lower fangs kinda pushing past the lips. No, this is-- This is Rockcaller Dryden. Dryden. You do. This is not the headmaster of the tribe, But one of the central sentinels that's around this portion here. Approaches you, and for a moment puts a hand out almost to hail you, and then recognizes your face and steps forward. "Keyleth? What brings you to Terra?" Kaitiaki. We are well. We have hunkered down. Our business was to make sure that no more of the Rifts befall the same fate of the Pyrah. Not recently, no. Then this is a time for celebration. I will pass this along. Perhaps, but what do you wish to speak on? To the Vesrah. Very well. I could help you with this information if need be. No. No, right this way. "Very well." They turn around and begin to lead you back towards the outskirts of the city, not directly into Terra itself, but as you approach, and walk past, you can see the ground here-- every ten minutes or so you feel a sudden shift, and a slight quake beneath your feet. The landscape here, the closer you walk to the center of the village, seems to be in this perpetual state of shifting rock. And you watch as different areas kind of collide. Areas of stone kind of (cracking noise), and rocks tumble down. Parts of it break and crack and reform. At one point, as you guys are not maybe 200 feet out from the first major structures, the ground has one major spike. (loud rock slide) And you hear this heavy rolling rumble, and you watch as, maybe 300 feet off from the side, a new pinnacle is formed. Two big plates kind of (crack), jut upward, one kind of coasting over the other and coming to a halt. There is very heavy localized seismic activity as part of the proximity to the rift of the earth elemental plane here. And you watch as three druids come rushing out of the side of the Terra tribe, and as they focus, the rocks (crumbling noises) crumble back down and subside. The central mountain landscape, here, brought back to a momentary beat of peace and quiet. Yeah. Just going straight in. Right. As you progress inward, and some of the other Terra Ashari-- Different visual representations. Some appear to be more ornamental. Jewelry seems to be here, like jewels and metallics used, it seems to connote a level of prestige within the tribe, and every individual that walks, usually with a cluster or protectors around them, or at least, seems to be in a place of notable importance within groups, seems to be more adorned in this natural-based jewelry. You know exactly where to go to head straight to the hut in which the headmaster resides and as-- What looks to be a heavy wooden doorway, built out of a series of tree trunks that are strapped to this one area. Just (tree trunks shifting) shifts open and now you see, walks a very tall, thin, and older, like mid-60s human male, who is adorned in a similar tattoo pattern as the Rockcaller you saw earlier. But it seems to reside from the center of the cheeks and through the jowls and then crosses across the neck and then across the arms all the way down to the fingertips. And there are certain portions which are broken up by hard lines, it's like this parallel intersection multiple times as the tattoo progresses down. Very, very loose, almost a flowing central shoulder-based robe that tosses down the front of the body and meets with a long skirt that drags behind him as he steps out. And as he looks over in the direction of you, you can see the eyes are very hardened, dark, deep brown in color, and the sockets are very weathered, his skin texture in general is pretty weathered. He looks over towards you, clean-shaven, short white hair, puts a hand up. "Keyleth, you grace the Terra with your presence. What can we be of service to you for?" You as well. Everything seems to be fine. We've been intent of care to the rift, and from the word that seems to have passed quickly since your arrival over the past few days, it's come to our attention that Thordak no longer sits in the center of the city of Emon. Good. Good and well done. You are but a seed, you allowed it to germinate. So what do you need? It has been a long time since I've attended any sort of gathering with the Vesrah. It is for people of our skill set not the easiest of journeys, as many of us are capable of traversing through the sentinels of nature. Unfortunately, most of the tree life that exists around Vesrah is beneath the water. So your most likely form of transport will be that of a vessel across the waves. The headmaster there-- Uvenda, the heart of the tides. Uvenda. Not what you'd expect. I'll leave it at that. Well, what would be the fun if I were to unveil the next fold of your Aramente? If you have the means, that is up to you. Listen closely. Keep your friends about you. That should be sufficient. Good, keep it that way. They don't live beneath the water, not entirely. Some of them, yes. It's not the island of usual appearance. The beaches and sands of Vesrah are built upon a great circular reef. And part of the city lies above, part of it lies below. Look for the white sands beneath the surface. Some structures will be visible from above. It would lie quite a ways to the southwest, not too far from the Hespit. I would recommend perhaps procuring the service of someone who knows the sea well. No. Just do your best to have your friends keep the location of our village to themselves. Good. I trust you all. Safe journeys. Keep her safe. The tempest needs a new voice. Kaitiaki, young Keyleth. (coughs) You go into an immediate coughing fit as the-- -- the surface dirt here is built from constant colliding of stone and rock, and a lot of it has been ground to almost a fine powder in places-- -- yeah, yeah. It's akin to the cinnamon challenge in a way. (all laugh) Okay. It feels much better. Emon. He does, it's-- (all laugh) Yeah! I'm so excited that worked out. All right. So-- You find your way back to the edge of the valley, to the same tree that you made your Transport via Plants through-- Pointing out. What is your destination tree? Okay. You transport from the outskirts of Terra, find your way back to Greyskull Keep, and walking towards Emon proper. You can see now, even from the distance as you approach, the walls, some of the larger buildings, the higher towers and structures that just barely peek over the wall, you can see are already in the process of repair. You can see-- -- teams of people that are in-- currently trying to rebuild and restructure as you enter from the southern gates of the city and enter the streets, it's more lively than you've ever seen it. People are returning. People are coming back and reclaiming what remains of their homesteads, many of them still intact without a problem. The damage was extensive, but not universal in the city, and so I'd say there's still a good 60% to 70% of the city that is mostly without damage, and there are areas that are just destroyed, but even those, people are picking up, reclaiming-- There appears to be a process of memorial being constructed on the outskirts of the Cloudtop to remember those who fell in the battle for Emon. There is also the skyport, which was on the outskirts of the Cloudtop, and up there you can see the skyship Deera, however it looks to have sustained a severe amount of damage-- -- in the battle, and is in the process of also receiving its own repairs. There you go. Now he's dangerous Damon. Yeah. All right, so what are you guys doing? Pike is in the city somewhere, you haven't found her, you don't know where she is. Pike had one crew that she travelled with on the ocean-- But that crew, I will say for the sake of time, is not currently docked at Emon. Yeah. You find yourself at the western docks of Emon. You hear the familiar sound of seagulls and other water-based fowl, mixed with the creaking of wood from large ships that are all making their way in and out of this rather large port here on the side of the Ozmit Sea. You can see there's a lot of goods coming into the city now, as a lot of heavy orders have come from nearby villages to transport goods as part of the recovery, both from the south from the Mornset as well as things that were too large to carry by cart from Syngorn, and have been coming up along the coast, avoiding Dagger Bay, and making their way up to Emon. There are a number of individuals around, and who would want to spearhead the investigation-- Roll an investigation check. Asking about for a while, you eventually-- people point you in the direction of what appears to be an individual named Dockmaster Abban. Abban. A-B-B-A-N. You're eventually led to this individual who, pointed out, is dressed simply at first glance. The clothing he wears, just a plain white, billowing shirt, nice tailored pants, and some boots that go just up to the mid-calf. Dark brown-red skin, completely shaved, smooth, bald, shining in the sun, no facial hair, with piercing blue-grey eyes. As soon as you begin to approach, he's finishing a conversation with someone and turns to you and flashes the brightest of white smiles and goes, "Hello! Ah, you look like you are looking for some help, or in aid of something, yes? No?" You're staring at me. What do you want? I have noticed it, strangely enough. I've watched it be saved, and-- Well, are you looking for a-- to purchase a vessel? I guess it really depends on the size of the vessel you're taking-- what ship do you have? Okay. And where are you travelling? How close to the Hespits? I have-- I apologise, I do not follow this train of thought. Discount? No, you-- Okay. Vax walks away before he finishes his point, and doesn't get to make his roll. Okay. What? All right. I'm still very confused here. You're asking for a discount, why? Because the city was saved? Look, I don't know who you are, I don't know what you're trying to do here-- --but we're in the process of trying to recover the economy of what was once a very strong economy, of a town that has been under attack. Now, we cannot offer discounts to anybody because right now, we're all in financial dire straits. So, if you're going to ship, if you're going to move, if you're going to charter, if you're going to purchase, it's going to have to be the ask-- Captain Adella. That would be your best bet. "Now." And he points off to the end of one of the nearest docks, there's two that are close by, and there's a long row of various ships that are in the process of being loaded and unloaded, but there appears to be one sailing ship. They have some galleys and long-ships along the side, but there's a sailing ship with the sails currently tied up and bound to the mast, and a crew that is lounging on the deck. There is a woman, towards the edge, that's just walking past. You cannot make out a lot of details from this point, but he points over. "That is Captain Adella. She will be able to help you." Of course. Now, if you wish to charter, speak with her. Let her know that the Dockmaster is the one that brought you that point, and all shall be well. "All right. Good luck, travel safe." And he turns around and walks aw-- Oh! Well, it depends on the ship that you are looking for. For a long-ship, no crew of course, which is a fairly decent speed, requires maybe 30 to 40 rowers, and a handful of deck hands, that would run you about 10,000 gold pieces? Are you talking about a fully outfitted galleon? I would put that... well, I mean the crew you'd have to pay whatever they're asking, but for the actual ship, the general asking price can range somewhere in around 30,000 to 40,000 gold pieces. Right. Obviously a man of the world. All righty. As you guys walk to the edge of the-- --aforementioned dock that was pointed out, you come to the outskirts of this larger sailing ship, and as you begin to walk up, and your footfalls 'clack-clack, clack-clack, clack' against the dock, a couple of the deckhands that are kind of leaning off to the side, kind of just looking up, one of them appears to be taking a hit off of a flask of some kind, both hear the footfalls and get up and turn around, spin and look. "Cap'n? Cap'n!" And they kind of point over and the coat-wearing figure that you saw walking across the deck of the ship spins around, and begins to abruptly quicken her pace in the direction of the gangplank that leads off onto the side of the dock. As she comes up to the edge, reaching and grabbing the sides of it, you see before you a woman with long, sea-air tattered mass of hair. It is just this halo of crimped, curled, and wild dark hair that's also been sun-bleached to the point where the tips kinda go light. It is crazed in appearance immediately as she arrives. She looks spry and somewhat young, maybe late 20s early 30s, but her skin has been very heavily weathered from all these days at sea, and you can see already she's getting these crows nests at the corners of her face, but has a very bright smile, and her light brown coat hangs just past her calf-high boots. She looks like the kind of woman who captains a ship. As she glances over, "Hi. You looking for a crew?" I do not look like a pirate. Why would you say that? Are you looking for a crew or not? Yes. (laughs) I see my reputation precedes me. Quite a bit actually, I do. Where you looking to go? No. We don't travel to the Hespit. That's-- Vesrah, I know of. I know of it. How worth your while? Well, we have a crew here, 12 deckhands, my captaining and navigating skills, a first mate, and the use of the ship... that would run you-- let's put it at 150 gold per day for chartering the ship. (laughs) Well this has certainly got real interesting, didn't it? All right! So, have we a deal? All right. So. "Fine. You've found yourself a leader, a captain, and a partner." Shakes your hand. "So." Vesrah, you say? Crazy water folk. Who am I to judge? But yes, six to seven days travel at sea, depending on the weather, of course. Storms are common this time of year, do keep in mind we will be passing north of the Hespit, so be wary of any wandering bandit ships. Or pirates, you can call them pirates as well, but we already had that conversation. Nope. Not anymore. Oh! We've got some ballistae. We travel with speed. Fast ship. Often enough. That's adorable. Well, welcome to my ship. She is called the Drensala Vis-- It is Marquesian for Luck of the Mother. Treat her well and she'll treat you well in kind. Respect my crew, respect my authority, respect our direction, and we'll do just fine. So! To the crazy water people. Welcome on board the Drensala Vis. You imagine the enchantment probably is waterproof. Right now, it's a little bit past three o'clock in the afternoon. Yes? Well. We leave at your leisure, but we're not against the idea of a raucous final evening at the local tavern. Not including for my crew? we have bunks for at least 15 other passengers. Between the bunks, six rooms. Two or three, depending. If you don't find-- "Good! Grab your things! On this ship! Let's set sail!" Starts giving out orders to her crew, seems to now kind of come to life, and they're starting to go ahead and start pulling up anchor, they're starting to get the sails ready. You already can feel the spray of the water as the tide's coming in now, the water's starting to get a little choppier as it's hitting up against the side of the docks and the shore end. Doty stops for a second, leans back, and then starts scribbling furiously at anything that he can pick up within earshot. Eventually, the ship disembarks, and begins making its way further out into the water, just as the sun begins to set into the slightly orange, purple, and dark blues of the end of daylight. You can see the various lights in Emon come on, especially towards the dock, as the night comes to life. And out the opposite side, the sparse clouds that are scattered in the distance, the ship picks up the winds and pushes with guiding speed out to the southwest, into the depths of the Ozmit Sea. And that's where we'll pick up next session! I finally get to use the ocean voyage audio! (all cheer) Awesome. That took some interesting turns tonight! Pretty much. Yeah, Pike's still back at home. Ashley, come back to us! Blindspot, stop filming! You finished your season, right? We'll get her back. Guys, thank you so much. Ridiculous fucking people. We're gonna pick up next week, as you head deeper into the Ozmit Sea towards Vesrah. Thank you again Loot Crate for being our awesome sponsors this evening-- -- you've been fantastic. The rest of you guys, rest well, sleep well, and is it Thursday yet?