Hello, everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors play Dungeons and Dragons. I think this is our 24th episode, which is ridiculous. We've been doing this since March, and it gets more and more ridiculous every week. Glad you guys can join us. The new guys, welcome to our chaos. For all the old folks, glad you could come and join us again. Quick thing I want to mention last week we were talking about the changes to Critmas, because we had stresses on scheduling and we had crew here, and when things go long, we were talking about possibly moving to Periscope on a different day, separate medium. Well, the fanbase has spoken very loudly and very intently about their reaction to that, and so what we're doing, to still make it so people aren't kept here for ridiculous hours weekly, we're still going to have Critmas on the stream, but it's going to be once a month. It's probably going to be the first Thursday of every month, and we're going to make it an extensive day for that month where we open everything that evening. We still get to experience and share that with you guys, but also not keep these guys here way too late unpaid every Thursday night. So I think that's the plan we're going with forward. Hopefully, that's cool with everyone, because we love it, too, and we want to make sure we still share that with you guys. All right, couple of other announcements. First and foremost, I wanted to mention again-- we mentioned it last week, as well-- there's that Hasbro game design contest, design the next party game. That's still up until end of this month, I believe. So if you want to check it out, you can go ahead and tweet at me, last week's episode or search for the Hasbro game design contest. That's still happening. Also, there's a film series that I'm a part of called Mythica. It's like a high fantasy film series where I play the main villain, the necromancer Zorloc. It's fun times. It's like awesome, fun, fantasy genre film. And they're currently putting up a Kickstarter to finish the post on the third film, so you should check that out. Search Mythica on Kickstarter and you should find it there. Also, WeLoveFine is still running their DND t-shirt contest for their Rage of Demons release for Wizards of the Coast, where you can submit your own t-shirt designs that fit within the Rage of Demons theme. I am one of the judges on that, so if you submit your art to this, there is a cash prize. All the rules are up there on the WeLoveFine contest site. And I'll be able to judge your artwork and hopefully put you through to the end. So there's that. Trying to get through these as fast as possible. Our TeeSpring shirt for Is It Thursday Yet? is still up. It has one more week. So if any of you guys want to get the limited edition Critical Role Is It Thursday Yet? shirt, that is only available for one more week and then it'll be gone forever, so get it while you can. Let's see. I'm doing my best to get through this as fast as possible. No worries. Not everything. Also, Ashley's show Blindspot is premiering this coming Monday. (cheering) That's sweet. Wunderbar! Fantastic. Speaking of conventions, guys. For those of you upper East Coast folks, we've recently been able to announce that we will be at and running some events at New York Comic Con in October. All of us, the entire Critical Role team will be at Comic Con. We're going to have signing, panel and all kinds of fun stuff throughout the weekend. And we'll be there. And if you're in the area, or if it's drivable, or even if it's not, you should come anyway, cause we'd like to see you. If it's trainable, if it's flyable. Yeah, so excited to be there. Excited to see you there. And it'll be a lot of fun. A lot of fun. The first full Critical Role con appearance. Boom. Orion's going to get a hot dog. Awesome. Any other announcements? Or did you have something, you said? Kit Buss is not here. Kit and Wendy. We'll eventually have them say hello to everyone, but Kit Buss, our official CritRole artist who did all the original character designs, continues to produce amazing art for this show, is here visiting Los Angeles for the next week. So she's here on the set and we'll drag her out in front of the camera and embarrass her shortly. I guess also an announcement for all you League players out there awesome character just got announced called Kindred. Kind of a two-part thing. That wolf that's the part of Kindred sounds pretty cool so you should play it. Real subtle. It's a good one. I think that's it, isn't it? I think we're good on announcements, and we can start. Oh, the PO Box? The mods got that covered. Now diverting all Critmas images and the boxes, and we have arrived. Our nefarious Scanlan-- Yeah! As was the website, because your interview went up today. Good to know. Well, fantastic. Do you have any announcements you want to make, Sam, or shall we jump in? All righty, then in just a minute, let us begin this next episode of Critical Role. [dramatic music] Pike left back there to finish up the renovation of the temple of Sarenrae that was discovered. The rest of the party moved on back to Emon, the rest of their business complete. Within Emon, they returned to Greyskull Keep, where they encountered a fan, apparently, of Vox Machina, that had been camping for two weeks outside, who was promptly bludgeoned in the temple by Vax to teach him a lesson. Brought back from the brink, and taught that hard lesson-- that this is a dangerous field-- managed to seemingly reach out and touch the heart of this young, intrepid, wannabe adventurer to possibly try and better himself before he throws himself into danger's way. And he ran off to train harder. Indeed. Upon returning to the keep, notice was sent off to one of the other members of the Council of Tal'Dorei, Seeker Asum, who is the halfling head of whispers and all sorts of subterfuge across the countryside, who came to you notifying you that within a week's time, the Briarwoods, Lord and Lady Briarwood, are supposed to be arriving here within Emon for a feast to discuss building a bridge and a more political joining between Emon, the Tal'Dorei royal family, and these up-and-coming lords and ladies, who have a very dark history with Percy's character. You've been asked to join as part of this feast as you previously requested with sovereign Tal'Dorei, that should anything involved the Briarwoods that you be included. You have a week to figure out what you want to do in advance of that. And that is where we left off. Right now, after this discussion, you guys' arrival, I'd say it's probably mid-afternoon. First things first, though, after this discussion with Seeker Asum, who leaves the keep, you do have a brief moment of awkward silence as most of the people that work within your keep turn to you. Laina looks about the rest of you and goes, "By the way, we've been working here for about six "weeks on the pay of four. We're coming close to our next pay scheme, and you tend to leave "often and for extended periods of time. We would also like to be paid, if possible." She thinks to herself for a moment, at which point you see Erwen, the elderly servant in the back says, "Actually, you had previously said it was both of our services was 50 gold each for the "month. And if I recall, the other mercenaries or guardians that you've hired to watch the walls of "the keep were at a discussed 100 gold for the month's wages. Each." "You currently have five on your payroll, yes. 600 gold pieces total per month for the "services for everyone keeping your keep." "Thank you so much. I'll make sure this gets to the appropriate individuals immediately. "They'll be very happy to not have to walk away. " Erwen steps in. "And by the way, if you do intend to leave for an extended period of time "again, I would recommend perhaps paying that in advance. There was a bit of unrest last time." "Very well, sire! I shall disseminate this amongst the others." Yeah, you're down in the workshop. You can. "Thank you kindly, Tiberius. Thank you." And he wanders off and begins counting out change into a smaller purse. Oh, you mean the Lyceum? Okay, the Alabaster Lyceum. All right. So you make your way towards the Alabaster Lyceum. The rest of you head down into Percy's workshop. So you head around the outskirts of the inner portion of the keep itself, down the stairway that leads to the basement floor, which contains a small cell, like a holding cell that you had constructed for you in case you had somebody to take prisoner at some point. To the right. To the left of you, there's a small turning hallway that leads to the workshop. The workshop contains a series of various tools, workbenches. It actually has a working forge, with anvil and various blacksmithing tools. And as you guys come down, the heat is already blasting from it, and you can see Percy madly diving into work of some kind. Okay. Lockheed enjoys them thoroughly. They're delicious. Comfort food crafted by the finest of cooks in Greyskull Keep. I'll give you a d6 inspiration die. (laughter) You do not have to, no. You reach over and grab it, and it's a large set of tongs, used for gripping large, heavy pieces of metal, either for the actual forge itself, or to bend and manipulate on the workbench. Make a sleight of hand check. Sleight of hand. She gives you the evil eye. Ah, interesting. You know your tools very well in your workshop, and yeah, the metal is scarred and pockmarked from use with the various corrosive chemicals. To Kraghammer, on horseback? It's about two and a half days. Fast and back? I'd say just under two days, probably. I'd say, well, the horse is probably a little bit faster than the eagle. I'd say it'd put you there about the same pace, about two days on eagle, because you can just go straight through. I mean, you want to take the road because you know that there's a lot of dangerous things that wander the wild that are between there. You know I deduct points for metagaming. By horseback, you want to stick to the road. By air-- You can stay in Beast Shape for a number of hours equal to half your druid level. Five hours right now, you can transform for. So you could Beast Shape twice, rest 30 minutes, Beast Shape twice. About this time, you start to get this weird tingling sensation around your fingers. No, they crave some sort of an agent that will prevent the now slight burning sensation. It does. The slight burning sensation now has turned into a very vibrant burning white hot on the skin, and you can see bits of the skin start to peel back a little bit, beginning on the edges. It foams up a little bit in places, but it is neutralized. All righty. You easily get another meal mustered for you. You're working in the workshop, you're eating, you guys are going to Gilmore's. All right. So as this is happening, Tiberius, you make your way over to the Alabaster Lyceum. You come up to the front main area of the structure itself. It's an arcane college. You make your way to the front clerk, who looks up to you, a nice young fellow, looks like he's trying to work through his credit in school through his training. He's dressed in the ceremonial robes of somebody who is a student, who is currently stuck with the job of working as a clerk. He's like, "Hi, can I help you?" "Where have I heard that--" "If you're talking about sigils for teleportation, you would probably have to discuss "that with Gatekeeper Xanthas." "No. I'm the clerk. I run the front of the-- follow me." And he gets up and leads you further into the structure to the central circular room, the white-marbled room that contains all the doors around, and in the center there is the Traverse Junction. This is the place you guys have stumbled into every single time you've teleported back to Emon. And there you see the elven wizard who you recently bothered naught but maybe five hours ago, who is currently setting up some sheets, comes back. "Oh. Hello, again." "I get an understanding here that you're seeking access to one of our many sigil-based "rooms of transference. Those rooms are currently under very protected lock and key, approval by the "headmaster Thurmond Adalum himself." Glances over at the clerk, who goes, "Right this way, Mr. Stormwind." He leads you back to a long, long hallway with arched ceiling. You can see the marble itself has these carvings and sculptures of various dead-looking faces of long-passed mages that either were built or held in high esteem in the halls of this lyceum. At the very end, it opens up into a pretty well-decorated, almost over-the-top decorated office room for the headmaster himself. The interior is lined with large, large 15, 20-foot-tall bookshelves around this oval room with sliding ladders that are attached to them that slowly glide on their own, like they're on some sort of arcane-based pattern that puts them back and forth. There is a large chandelier of brightly colored orbs that sits 35, 40 feet in the air, that slowly rotates on its own that keeps this slowly fluctuating changing color of the room. And in the center there is a circular desk, and sitting there at the desk you can see is Headmaster Thurmond, who is this extremely elderly human male. Shaved face, very short, curved bald head with a little bit of hair in the back, hunched forward and is currently collecting a series of books into his arms. Looks like he's about to get up. And he turns and looks over. "Can I help you?" "What do you require from me, then?" "If you're asking for access to one of our closely guarded sigils for the Thunderbrands, you "say, within Kraghammer?" "Well, then I will-- just one moment." And he reaches into a pouch and pulls out this mirror, this oval mirror and sets it onto his desk. Reaches underneath and pulls out a small chest. Opens up the chest, and you can see in this chest that there are probably two dozen of these tiny little marbles, all different colors, some different shapes, and he goes, these little labels you can't really see from your perspective. He takes one out, places it in the top of the mirror, and as he does, the mirror all of a sudden shimmers for a second, and what was originally a normal reflection is now this light, glowing blue, slightly glowing water-like surface. He takes it and lifts it up to himself. "Hello. Hello? Hello!" A moment later, you hear this distant voice echoing with this strange warbling filter over it. "I'm coming, what's taking your time. Yes, "Headmaster, what do you require?" "Well, there's a gentleman here, dragonborn, who is requesting use of your sigil of teleportation. "Do you know this gentleman?" Turns it around, and you can see in there, this is the same long-bearded dwarven individual that met you at the actual Thunderbrand house, and had a bit of an argument with you early in your travels in Kraghammer. "Now, listen here. Last we spoke, you and your friends stormed into our lair, nearly "destroyed our precious arcane defenses of our homestead--" Make a deception check. This is deception. Well, you are an alcoholic, but that wasn't what he meant. 20. (laughs) He goes, "Either way, we can't just let anyone willy-nilly knowing how to directly "appear in the center of our homestead." Make a persuasion roll. 11. His head turns to the side a little bit, peering through you with a slight scowl. "Last we "talked, the reason we didn't report you to the guard for breaking through our defenses was you "promised to look beneath the city and bring back various artifacts you were in search of." "Did you, now?" "Can I see one of these artifacts?" "We're done here, Headmaster." And the mirror shimmers and closes suddenly. The headmaster takes the marble out and says, "I'm sorry that didn't seem to go your way." All righty. You're eating. You're crafting. Are you going with the rest of them to Gilmore? All right. You guys make your way to the outside of Gilmore's Glorious Goods. As far as time goes, you haven't quite gotten to that point yet, for these guys. You get to Gilmore's. You enter the interior. You can see that for the most part, there aren't a lot of people in here. It's getting later in the day, and a lot of the customer business seems to be happening almost earlier, either pre-noon, or around noon. There's no current sign of Gilmore. You do see, across the way-- what's her name, again? Thank you. Sherri, the mousy helper who runs the shop in Gilmore's absence, or at least runs the first portion of it, with her thick glasses up on her nose, and she's sitting there with her elbows over the top of the main desk. She looks up as you enter, and takes her glasses and pokes them for a second. "Hello? Hi." "Right, I do." "And you should be wearing it proudly, yes? Now, what can I help you with?" "Gilmore's in Westruun, currently setting up the expansion of the Gilmore's Glorious Goods "business. If this is important, I can certainly summon him here." "All right, I suppose." "Yes, I can, actually." She pulls out a small sheet of what looks like a rough-around-the-edges piece of parchment, and starts the inkwell, scribbling down. "All right." (foreign words) It flashes and disappears in front of her. "Well then, he'll be "receiving the message right about now. We'll pass that on, and whenever he returns, I'm certain he "will get back to you and deal with whatever business is necessary." "We are open, yes." "It's possible. We haven't completely restocked the shelves, as of late. I know we had "some new things come in. I can go check." And as she turns, all of a sudden there's a large, vibrant, white flash of light and a sound from the back room. The beaded curtains shift, for a second, and you hear heavy footsteps. And pushing through the beaded curtain, you see before you, with a bead of sweat on his head, Gilmore! "I'm so glad you came back!" SAM and "I'm sorry. I was out and about, running some business a ways away." "How could I miss seeing my fine-- there's not as many of you as usual." He looks over at the rest of the group. "Well, I mean--" (laughter) MATT "But of course." He walks back through the beaded curtain, giving you this look over his shoulder. As he does, the curtain falls behind him. And you can see now, as the glow gently fades, there is a rug that is pushed to the side, and on the floor of his room there is a familiar sigil, similar to the one that you've seen Tiberius scrawl before in some of his spells. That's apparently how he got here so quickly. But he walks in, and he kicks the rug back over it, sits down on the edge of his bed, puts his hands up and goes, "What seems to be troubling you?" "Yes." "That's all right. I understand people grow busy. There are things you must tend to, and "that's all right. And I appreciate you being so honest, I really do." While that's happening, the rest of you are left there awkwardly staring about. A few minutes go by. Sherri comes back. She brings two books over. "Best I can tell, these may be what you're looking for? I can't quite--" She sets them down. One is a book that is the properties of various liquids, chemicals, and things that are found on this plane and otherwise. It's a good way to locate and identify phantom liquids, should you come across any. The other book appears to have a section about alchemy. It's essentially almost a beginner's guide, but it's a very, very easy-to-follow introduction to a number of various low-level sorceries and the creation of low-level spell components preparing them for use with spell-casting, and there is a chapter on a little bit of alchemy. "They haven't been priced, yet." "25 gold, each." Make a persuasion roll. She reaches out and takes the books and slides them back, and says, "Well, if that's how "you feel, perhaps these can be returned to those university students that perhaps left them by. I "should put these in the lost and found." "Good luck." "I can hear you. I'm right here." (laughter) "Yes, I'm happy to help you." "That? Yes, we do have a couple of those. Hold on." She darts up the stairway in the other room and goes to the second floor. A few moments later, she comes back down with these two small chests-- they're about that big, each. One's a lighter wood color, the other is painted black all over. "We have both of these. They should shield something of this size from most low-level magical "detections. These will run you about 200 gold apiece." "If you were a little taller, yes." "Well, looking at these, this one--" She points to the one that looks like just a casual, wood chest. "This would be easier to hide in plain sight amongst the rest of your furniture. This "one, however, would be difficult to locate in a more shaded, or lightless, circumstance." "Then perhaps this one?" Yes. This vial, if I recall, it has this small-- No, this is the one that was found-- Right. Yes, okay. There we go. And make a persuasion roll, actually, on this one. She looks at you, and goes, "You have been good patrons, and you have been much kinder to me "than others. We'll put this one on the house. We'll call this on the house." And as she takes the vial, sets it down, and she pulls out another book that she shuffles through, puts it up, turns through a few pages, until, looking through, "This here would be a Potion of Fire Breath. When "imbibed, it should give you a temporary time period of the ability to breathe fire, much like a "relatively young dragon. This one in particular is fire. There are many different vials like this "that pertain to different colorations of dragon, but this one is specifically for the red." "Like a flyer?" "Those can be printed. There is a-- actually, a pretty well-designed print facility "not that far up the road." At which point, for the first time since the entire time you've been in the shop of Gilmore's Glorious Goods, you see a slight grin creep across her lips. She goes, "How could a lady say no to a "song? 25 gold! The price stands." "We run a business, here, yes." She pulls the books out. "Pay for the books!" You can see, her face is flushed and she, (clears throat). "Thank you." She's red in the face. At this point in time, the beaded curtains reopen. Have you finished the conversation, or do you want to keep going? "As far as I'm aware, this city has been doing rather well. Since Winter's Crest just this "previous year, trade has been booming, we're opening up pathways all across the continent, "we've improved relations with many other distant kingdoms, and I'm opening a second shop! I mean, "that's amazing! And who would've thought?" "So far, so good. We're going through the construction process, and I'm making sure that I "have a rather supple income of artifacts and oddities that I have to sell at both locations. I "have to widen my input of various items and--" "Oh, yes." "Eventually." You can see, he's a little more worn than you've seen Gilmore before. He's still Gilmore, and he's excited, but after the tale you told him and opening the second shop has been a little rough on him, and his jovial self is a little more wearied. Though he still looks fabulous. "Just praise the brand. Praise the brand, young Vax." "Yes! Yes, I remember him." "What kind of favor?" "My sigil here is for returning personal use. Did you hear that? There was some strange "noise in the sky. This is for my return. As far as outgoing, most other sigils are-- well, they're up "here. Looking for that, you're going to have to go to the Lyceum, I'm afraid." "However, if you're going to the Lyceum... I am owed a favor or two. Let me see what I can do, "here." And he goes, and he pulls out another piece of similar paper and he writes a quick little note on the side, sends it up in the air, and it vanishes. He goes, "I've just done you a favor. "Keep that in mind. You go to the Lyceum, you should have access to one of these sigils. Make "sure you choose properly. You only have one." "Then don't be the one that does it. Talk to your friend, this Tiberius fellow. He'll know what "to do, I'm sure." "Right, you mentioned this last time, when you almost opened a line of Gilmore's "Glorious Credit." "Previously, we discussed 25,000 gold pieces, the amount of which you were going to "retrieve." "Retrieve." "The deal was since you did not have funds, and you had to retrieve this money from this "'Dwarf Town', as you so graciously put it, that you would borrow the money, at the time, and then "pay me back within a month. Within a month." Correct. You backed out last minute when you realized there was, apparently, hidden platinum-- "If you want something functional, there are masterwork daggers out there. We do have "base-level enchantments that give you a fine, honed edge and a balance that cannot be beaten for "its price range. For that, I can easily give you one of our base-level enchanted items for no more "than, friend discount included, 400 gold pieces." "You may!" "All right! I'll get these right now!" He stands up, and now that there's some sort of business involved, he's completely renovated and recharged. He comes through the beaded curtain again. You guys see Gilmore burst out, like, (laughs) "We're in business!" And he goes into the next room, and back up the stairs, and takes a few moments. He comes back down with an armful of these daggers, and sets them down on the counter. "Three for you! "That'll be 1,200 gold pieces, please." "The least I could do. Pay me back. I'll find you." "Indeed." They are plus-one enchanted daggers, yes. At this point, now, Tiberius, you have coasted over the air, and as you come careening in, you hear (swishing sounds) and look down. Two crossbow bolts whiz past you. At which you hear immediately, "Oh, sorry!" "Sorry! We're not used to having you bolt in from "the skyline." As you sweep past Shayne and Cordell, they both change their bolts, and they're both arguing with each other, like, "You should've seen it was him!" "Sorry." "Sorry, again!" You make your way into the courtyard, inside Greyskull Keep. You're not with him, there. You're pretty out of range at this point. It was actually a magical item, one that you may have equipped. It'll say in the description of the item that it has an inscription on the back. Protection of some kind, if I recall. Amulet. Look in the description of the item. It should say underneath the name. It'll have the actual inscription written in the descriptor of the item. It is enchanted. Just those two. Now, all of a sudden, you're (whoosh) lifted up in the air. You can. It takes a moment to adjust to it. It takes you a little bit, but you do eventually get control of it. Propulsion does work. Yep. And as you guys coast over, you see, leaving the exterior wall gate to the south side of Emon, you see the rest of your party walking back towards the keep. So you fly down and cast Fly on the rest of them? You guys are now floating. You guys are floating, as well. You're coasting over Emon for roughly 12 or so seconds before Grog, you drop to the ground, and now Tiberius and Vex, you begin to plummet. Fly is a concentration spell. You cast it again. Your amulet keeps it up for two rounds, which is 12 seconds, and then the previous Fly spell deteriorates. That's what I'm saying. The circlet lets you maintain concentration for two additional rounds. At that point, now all of you guys are flying. You make your way. Now, all of you following Tiberius, you coast down to the Alabaster Lyceum, landing right through the front area (whoosh), this whole party appears. Catch your feet, and there you see the same clerk looking up. "Ah, I see you've returned." "Down that hallway. Follow it to the very end." "You're welcome." You all glide through the hallway, or walk, if you prefer. The end of the hallway, you open once again into the office, and there you see behind his desk once again, the headmaster Thurmond, who looks around. "Oh, yes. You've returned. I received the note from your friend "Gilmore, and you're welcome to utilize one of our sigils." "To Kraghammer, was it?" "Two notes. There is no sigil in Vasselheim. They have been outlawed and destroyed to prevent "arcane intrusion or subterfuge. There have been, historically, many a war's passed in which "Vasselheim nearly fell to the sudden appearance of small armies within its walls, and as such, "many of these sigils, all of them have been destroyed over the past 1,000 years. However, it "was the third war--" And he's going into a long diatribe about the history of Vasselheim. "Certainly. Yes, I'm sorry. The mirror." He pulls up the mirror, pulls out his chest, brings out the same marble again, pops it into the mirror. It shimmers. "Hello? Hello?" You hear another voice say, "Oh, are you kidding me? Really? You again? All right, what are you "bothering me with?" "What's it say? I can't read it from here. Read it out for me." At which point, you see the eyes of this dwarf that were very untrusting open wide for a second. "All right. Give him the sigil. Send him through. I'll see you soon." The mirror gives out again. No, the headmaster takes the mirror and puts it down. He points back to the clerk who's in the hallway behind you again, waiting, and says, "Go ahead and bring them to the Junction. Allow them "access to the sigil for House Thunderbrand in Kraghammer." He nods. "Of course." He leads you to the Junction, and there is one of the doors he opens up on the inside, there is the actual sigil to Kraghammer there. He gives you some time to study it, you memorize it, you get it locked in, and you now permanently know the sigil of teleportation to Kraghammer within the House Thunderbrand. So you guys head back to the Keep, you meet up with Grog and Percy, what about you guys? What're you doing? For, Tiberius, Scanlan, and Vex. Well, it's just the sigil. You have to cast the spell. LAURA and At this point in time, with all the travel back and forth, it's getting close to dusk. Yeah, it's been crafted for you, yeah. It's not a swallow. It's a quarterstaff with knives attached. Okay. Yeah, there are a couple blacksmiths that you know about on the way through. Best reputation is Karin, but she's a specialist. She's the one that made Trinket's-- All right. You go on and approach there. She's currently working away on some custom piece that she's currently working on. She's like, "Hello, can I help you, dragonborn?" "What can I help you with?" "What?" "I can certainly try, yeah, aye." "All right. It would take me about two days? And you've already supplied the material, other "than a bit of the side bits. I'll say I'll charge you 100 gold pieces." "Aye, I'm a specialist!" "Certainly. Thank you. All right, it should be done within the next two days. You're free to "come by and check on it if you like, but it'll be done." "Huh?" "Oh! You're friends with that one? She was real nice. That bear was adorable. "Happy to help with that one." "Oh, is that what it was?" "Probably had. It's just been a while." "Oh, you're so cute, Lockheed." You guys talk for a little bit and eventually make your way back. Yeah, you guys are right outside. All right, you guys head back to the keep. Go ahead and roll perception. For this, because it's not active? It would be your passive. Vax has vanished. While you might have noticed, instead the explosion-like eruption of gas from your dragonborn friend distracted you and gave him the proper getaway. You vanish. The individual you stopped is a younger gentleman, probably in his mid-20s or so, a bit dirty in the face and coming from a day of work, going to the local tavern to finish his eve with some drinks. "I can't say I do. I mean, there are butchers all over town. There's one--" "Oh, that would be north side of Emon. That way." He points you towards the-- It will take you about, from where you are right now, 30 minutes. All right, so you guys get back to the keep. Grog has eaten his fill. Yeah. Passed out. Percy's nowhere to be seen. You, I would like for you to make a tinkering roll in relation to the construction of ammunition. Ten? You manage to, utilizing material for 20 bullets, only craft ten. But you get ten bullets out of it, as opposed to wasting the materials. You can certainly try. There's a difference between poison and disease. They're different. The potion seems to have no effect. It doesn't have any effect. For the day, that's what you spent making. Tomorrow, we'll get to whatever it is you want to craft then. You go off and manage to make your way to the upper slums. "Best I can gather, he'd be around that way." She points you, and the breath is awful. She's missing teeth, but her crooked finger curves off to the side, and you can see across the way, next to a homestead or hovel, there is a very humble-looking butcher that is currently in the process of closing shop. All right. You make your way up there. You can see there's an older gentleman in his mid-40s or so, salt-and-pepper hair, black with a bit of gray on the sides, is currently in the process of closing up. It's hard to tell. It looks like a business from this perspective. You look through the windows. There's a dull light on the inside from what looks like a small hooded lantern set up for a bit of interior light, but there's nobody else in the house. You listen for a while. Make a perception roll. All right. As you continue to listen, eventually you hear the slamming of wood. You look off, and through the bit of the glass window-- you're peeking from the side-- you see the same gentleman who was closing the shop enter the room where the hooded lantern is. There's a table. He sits down quietly for a second, looks at the lamp, starts cleaning his fingernails a little bit, gives a big sigh, and turns off the light of the lantern and exits the room, closing the door behind him. It's one floor. You checked the window. It's not locked. You slip in without a problem. You've done this many times before. It's hard to tell, looking around the room here. There are three doors that exit. One that he came through, which is apparently from the front of the butcher shop. This appears to be a central room that connects to wherever else he walked. There are two other doors. They're not trapped. The door immediately right or the door in front of you? The door in front of you is the one that the man traveled through. There's the door that he came in from when he sat down, and then he left through the door across the way from you, and there is a door that been unopened. Okay. You push open the door very quietly. It makes a little creaking sound, but you stop. Peering inside, it's dark. There appears to be a bed. There's a small table. There's what looks like an old pair of boots that are worn out on the side. It looks like a bedroom that nobody's currently in. Make an investigation check. Okay. You take a little bit of time in peering over the materials, looking at the bed size, looking at the boot size, looking at whatever you can nearby. This bed is definitely weathered. It's been used for a long time. There are a couple of small knick-knacks and toys that are discarded underneath that have been there for a while that lead you to believe that this was at one point a boy's room. However, what you do notice is that most of the materials, most of the belongings, anything that you would normally see in a boy's room, anything that would say that a person lives here seem to have been hastily grabbed and taken off. A couple moments later, a voice comes from the other side. "Hello?" "I'm done for business for the day. Come back tomorrow." The door opens a little bit, and an eye peeks through. You gather there's a slight scent of alcohol from the other side as he starts talking. He says, "I don't know where my son's "gone off to. He came in in a huff. We got in an argument. He grabbed his stuff and left. He does "this every now and then. He'll be back." "This isn't the first time he's done this." "You said it was money you owed him?" "I can give that to him." Okay. There's something about his face that gives you the feeling that he's more interested in the contents of what you're leaving than actually transferring these to the intended recipient. Okay. Closes the door behind you, you hear a lock. Light goes back out in the room. Okay. All right, eventually Vax finds his way back to the keep. The rest of you are there, at rest for the evening. Is there anything else you want to accomplish before the night's out? All right. You all find yourself to bed for the evening, rest up for the next morning, and at that point we're going to go ahead and take our break. Five minutes, guys, a strict five minutes because we still have a lot to get through. A lot to get through tonight, don't want to stay late. No. See you guys in about five minutes, quick restroom break. We'll be right back. [break] That's amazing for many reasons. But all of you who are currently watching, be active in the chatroom so you can be included in the next giveaway we're doing. Giveaway's going to include a signed picture of the cast, a signed poster by the cast of the amazing art of our fantastic artist, Kit Buss. Yeah. So please be active in the chatroom, be part of that giveaway when it gets put out, and thank you guys so much for being so amazing and getting us to that point that's-- That was in character. All right, cool. Let's get back and see if we can, see if we can roll through some of this stuff. As you wake the next morning, you guys awaken to the dull sound of metal clanging as Percy has already been the first to wake and is back in the workshop. Tiberius, you're well-rested. Everyone's spells have returned. You get to make a beard roll. 35? What? Bundlesofkittens, by the way, won. Congratulations to bundlesofkittens. Going to get prizes. 35% does count. As you wake up, you reach up and feel the return of a nice hefty bit of scruff to your chin. Yeah, it's getting pretty thick now. It's a good, like, half an inch to an inch length. And you're starting to get a little, you notice the first time you grew some facial hair it was coming through that weird, creepy translucent color? It's starting to come through with a proper, almost a dark red-brown color to it. So as you all gather for breakfast, you get your fill, a fine breakfast awaits you, already prepared by your servants of the Greyskull Keep. What do you wish to do? Certainly. Lockheed enjoys the breakfast. Lockheed is looking healthier. The color is a little more of a deep emerald green, and he appears to have a little more energy this morning. He hasn't noticed, but there is a slight streak of dried pseudo-dragon poo. You're not aware of it to cast that yet. As a bird owner, he does. (lizard noises) It sits down on the edge of the table. Bites your finger. (lizard noises) It sits there. So! What do you want to do? At which point the teleportation sigil appears in the center of the floor the way Tiberius had prepared it. It's glowing right now. Trinket comes up and like rubs his nose against your coat. The sigil's starting to spark-- Okay, so all of you who are going, you leap in. You're staying and you're staying, correct? And you're staying. All right, Keyleth, Percy and Vax. All of you guys step in and all of a sudden there's a familiar whoosh of some sort of dark transference, you feel as if gravity for a moment doesn't exist and your feet find purchase on some sort of a wooden floor. The room is dark. You glance about the immediate vicinity, and for those of you who have low light, there's very little you can actually make out other than the fact this is a basement of some kind, and you are amidst a bunch of sheet covered crates. As the light fills the room, you look around. All right! Lockheed begins trying to shake the light off the tail, so it moves around a little bit. (chuckles) All right! You look around the room, there are about six or seven of these crates immediately visible to you. They have sheets put over them, they're different sizes, some sort of storage room. There is a staircase that leads to the floor above. Room looks safe! All right. You guys make your way to the second floor. As you step up to the top you can see there is light emanating from the top of the staircase and a figure moves into the staircase. A stout dwarven figure. This is the same individual you spoke to previously. The dwarf steps to the top and says, with an air of annoyance to the voice. "All right. Waited up all night for you to "arrive, and you never did. And you come here and interrupt my breakfast." "It's fine, step up the stairs, please." and he steps out of the way, leads you into the central chamber. This house is unfamiliar to all but Scanlan, who turned invisible suddenly and decided to wander in briefly. The classic "I don't know!" Looking about it's very well-kept. It's an old house; the ceilings are taller than you expect for a dwarf type home. A lot of the ceilings are a little low especially for you Grog, this one's built roomy. There's actually a lot of cultivated cave plant life, a lot of boxes that contain various underground dwelling plants and other such funguses. The air itself is mixtures of sweet and pungent. Mixed almost as if there's a spice garden somewhere, and you're not really able to take a beat on what the actual interior would smell like, it keeps changing around you. You're brought to the main foyer area, and the dwarf turns back and he says "All right, you've made your transference. Where's the amulet?" "It's funny, because I already did. I gave you a permanent entry to my own household, my "family's household, by offering you this sigil, that gave you entrance to the interior of our "well-guarded estate. That was a trade enough. That was what we agreed upon through the mirror." "So you come into my home and try to extort me?" He takes the amulet. Make a persuasion roll. It's not going to matter. You keep talking, and as you're explaining this, he's not even paying attention to you. The dwarf is staring at the amulet, looking at the back of it where the inscription is. And you swear for a minute, you see what looks like a tear, gathering in the corner of the eye of the dwarf, who then reaches up and wipes it from the corner and takes the amulet and puts it in the pocket and says, "My apologies. Thank you for returning this. You were "talking about the carpet, right?" LAURA and "You want it to be enchanted?" "We have done a carpet before. Only one. It's very possible." "Not this pattern, no, that one was more of a blue. I mean this can be enchanted, but the "materials and the time put into it-- It's a very pricey endeavor. "A carpet of this size, especially." "We're looking at the better part of a year to enchant this and that'll cost you about, time "included, that'll cost 50,000 gold pieces." "Well I mean, there might be smaller ones you might be able to find elsewhere." "All right, well--" Nostoc Greyspine. You're escorted out of the House Thunderbrand. Make your way down to the quarry, at the very bottom level of Kraghammer, once again. It's been a long time since you've been in this portion of the world, let alone this city, where you started this leg of your entire journey. You do make your way down into this area to Lord Nostoc Greyspine's proper office, the one where you managed to procure his expensive wine and make this venture the very beginning. You step into the familiar halls. As soon as you enter, you have a brief discussion with the guy at the front, who recognizes you and leads you into the office. There, waiting, behind his desk is Nostoc, who's currently in the process of looking out the window over the entire quarry of his mine. He turns over his shoulder, looking at the rest of you. "Well, I'm surprised to see you all alive. Just assumed you'd all got yourselves killed, like "the usual bumpkins who come wandering this far down in the mountain." "Ah yes, of course. Of course. Understood. What was the price we had agreed for that one?" As a note, I'm pretty sure at practically no point in your adventure to the Underdark did you ever say you were scalping a creature. You completely, in the entirety of that adventure, didn't collect a single scalp from anything you killed. Nostoc also looks at you and goes, "And while I respect your memory, a dwarf's mind is "like a trap that you can't escape. I believe the agreed upon price was 25,000 gold pieces." "I don't even know what you fought. If you're going to collect your money, tell me what "the hell you freaking killed." "You fought a beholder?" "Really? And you're all still alive?" Make a deception check. "Beholder, you say?" "What else did you encounter?" "A whole city of illithid?" "I know the creatures you speak of. I've dealt with my share of duergar, though--" Make a persuasion check. You were spearheading that part of the group. Scanlan already made his roll. No testicle advantage on that roll. I'm sorry. 11? "Looking at your number, I can see that you've certainly encountered some dangerous things "in your travels, taken some losses. And I will say, since you've left, we haven't had at least "one excursion interrupting our mine, which has been very helpful. The fact that you've returned "with these tales-- I believe most of it. I'd say, given that circumstance, I'd be happy to pay you "up to 18,000 gold pieces." So what's the DC? You don't have your hand cone. Natural one. All right, what are you suggesting? He looks about at the rest of you guys. "The Greyspine name holds weight in this city, the last thing I want is that that be "sullied by miscommunication. If we agreed to 25,000, I'll pay 25,000. But I hear a single "disagreement out there, or a bad word that came from your lips about our exchange here, and I'm "going to come for the rest of that money." He looks back at you, very slowly, as you do this, with a tense stare. (laughs) "All right, all "right." And he starts bringing up coin purse, after coin purse, after coin purse, counting it up as he does. It takes him about five minutes or so, and eventually he counts out, at your vision to improve it, 25,000 gold pieces and platinum pieces and pushes it across to you guys. You've retrieved that. No additional funds, as no scalps were collected, but you do get 25,000. "You can hold onto that, thank you." "I'm glad. And I'm sorry for your losses. Perhaps you'll be less stupid in the future." Like an unexpected web pop-up, he gives you an expression of where is this coming from? "Get out! Get out of my office!" You can do it twice? 6th-level spell twice? What? The teleportation? I think it is. You're right. (sad bear noises) This mournful low, guttural groan. You're pretty sure it translates to, "Why?" He licks it off. It takes about ten minutes before the keep doors open and the rest of your party returns. At this point in the discussion, you guys all look up and see, sitting in the center of the main foyer area of Greyskull, a very mighty bear, brought down low, sitting covered in pink ribbons, looking forward, going (distressed bear noises) You look over, too, there are traces of chocolate smears across the face of Vax. (sad bear noises) He's pulling them out with his claws as best he can. Trinket stands up and heads out to the front courtyard. All right, so it's 1,500 times seven. Okay. This is probably going to take you the rest of the week. It's an extensive project. Right, but it's also the most complicated thing, outside of the gun, that you've constructed. It's up to you. Probably not everything. You'll have to choose between a couple. Right. Well, that is technically an enchantment. Oh, to start a charge? Then you can do it. Okay. We can begin the roll now. Go ahead and make a tinkering roll. 20, okay. Not actually doing the charge yet, because you're building the basis of the structure. You help him downstairs in his workshop with the various materials to begin crafting the actual shell of the the item. What else are you guys doing? No, they're arriving now in six days and arriving for the actual feast. It's to be held in the palace. It's with Uriel, the Council, which is why you guys were invited, also because Percy asked. And the Briarwoods. It is partially to discuss and celebrate the agreed-upon construction of a bridge that goes across the Shearing Channel at the far northeastern side of the continent of Tal'Dorei. There is a large channel where these two large mountain ranges, which are the closest the two continents are to each other, but it's a very treacherous pass of water, so any trade having to be done has had to travel southward, in a big arc around the bottom of the island, or via skyship, both very expensive. This bridge will enable a much faster trade route between the two continents, and Whitestone has essentially been in charge of spearheading the construction of this bridge and making this agreement with Uriel, that would be overall helpful for both continents. And since they've agreed upon this, they've been invited here to Emon for the first time to have dinner with the Council and Uriel to celebrate it. (laughs) Okay. That was Seeker Asum. The hat, like any Minor Illusion spell, you can choose your appearance. I mean, you can look pretty close to somebody else. You could. But as it is an illusion, there is no physical-- so if somebody were to reach up and touch your shoulder, it would just pass through. Six. Six beard checks. Right. That'll cost you 25 gold for 100. Okay. Both have been constructed without question. All right, debt is paid, mark off that gold. How many is that? By the end of this week, you have grown what is a rather majestic full chin-beard. You are probably the first goliath to have facial hair. It's a full, we're talking Portland man. Make a stealth check. Make a perception check. You just broke a mechanical pencil! (laughter) Sleeping soundly, drunk, you do not hear the approach of Vax. As you pull out your blade and get ready, I want you to roll a sleight of hand check. One thing to not be noticed. It's another to shave someone's face without being noticed. This is about stillness of fingers, not just how stealthy you can be. Roll a perception check, Grog. With advantage because this is against your face. All right. The crowing sound of a distant rooster. The farmlands that surround the outside of Emon, which are relatively close, within earshot. The morning sun rises, cresting over the eastern skyline of Tal'Dorei. Grog, you come to consciousness, stretch, reach up to rub-- half a beard. One side of your face. However, it is a new morning. Roll a beard check. No movement. All right, so as a note, Percy, I want you to make four more tinkering rolls. What have you got? 28, okay. Second one? Dice going everywhere. d6 is what I gave you. All right. Third one? All right, and the fourth one? Okay, so over the next few days, you've constructed what amounts to a large, metallic gauntlet. You have taken this gauntlet and wired all through it insulation and metallic insulating tips in what is essentially a small, for lack of a better term, alternator of some kind. The fifth roll's going to be that. You have constructed this device. The quality seems fair. It's untested technology, just something that's a brainchild of your own, utilizing Keyleth's aid. Keyleth, I'm going to have you roll a wisdom check. Roll that and add five. Plus six, it would be. Sorry. 20 total. You step out and you set it down in the middle of the courtyard. Keyleth, you summon a storm that slowly gathers above the top of the keep. You guys start hearing sounds like rolling thunder outside and you come and look, and you see Percy and Keyleth are out standing in the middle of the courtyard. Keyleth with her arm in the air as this black, dark storm cloud begins to swirl above the entirety of Greyskull Keep. With that, she brings her hand up and then brings her fist down as a bolt of energy (thunder clap) streaks down from the clouds, slamming into a small object on the ground that then gets flung about 15 feet in a random direction. Tumbles to the ground. You rush over to grab it. You can see arcing over the metal. (electric sparking) These small electric arcs. You reach over and wait a second. You prod it. Pick it up and it's hot. Drop it instinctively. You give it a few minutes to cool off. Pick it up when it's warm enough; you put it on and there is essentially this large, sparking, metal centerpiece that is giving off this low hum. Okay. Tiberius, make a constitution saving throw. SAM and All right, you suffer 14 points of lightning damage and are stunned for a round. I need you to go ahead and roll a d20. 19, okay. It stays intact from the force of it. A little bit of the energy that was stored in there appears to dissipate. You figure there's only a few applications of this before it needs to be recharged, and every single time it's utilized, there's a low chance that it may detonate, or crumble, or something bad may happen. You manage to eventually shake off all your muscles that were so locked, tense, give way for a second. Let's go ahead and make an animal handling check. I say with advantage because Trinket's been your companion for so long. Which is close to what you needed because this is a very difficult feat. Over the week you've worked with Trinket and you've worked on a technique where, instead of a multi-attack, Trinket can do what is essentially a trample attack, meaning Trinket can roll forward and roll through anything that's equal to or smaller. And damage everything in that path. We'll go over the logistics of that some other time, but Trinket has now learned a roly-poly trample attack. It's your call. Call it what you want. The Trinket cannonball. With a 15 and an 18-- Yeah. Okay. To hide and to speak. To stay did not stick, unfortunately. You had two rolls that were high enough to get those two in there though. Hide and speak. All right. The morning has come to fruition. You have a few hours before you're supposed to arrive at the palace. You have been notified that this is a very formal event. Roll again, please. You manage to construct 20 pieces of ammunition from 20 units of materials. You go back to Karin. You now have some kind of a knife-glaive thing. You are unsure how it will work in combat? But it looks neat. It just hangs to the side. Careful how you sit. You would, yes. There are, actually. It, in a "Foreigner in a Foreign Land" kind of way, could work. That's more of an illusion. From a visual standpoint, the robe tapers and curls around his form, and comes to look like a nicer robe. The material looks like it's made of almost a reddish silk. The actual imagery of the tapestry slowly fades and becomes just various textures and material. From your eyes, it's less interesting, but from a presentory standpoint it could be passable. Yeah, which by the way, you guys do see. It's half giant beard and half scrawled-on charcoal. The dust tends to glisten, and where there was once charcoal outline, a mirror to your once beautiful beard continues, full, as if nothing had happened. This creaking metal sound. The goblet is now destroyed. All right, dressed up, you all make your way to the Cloudtop district as the sun begins to bring itself to the other side of the horizon. As you approach the outside of the Tal'Dorei palace, there are general guards set up to accept guests. They're just there in wait as part of their process today. As soon as you arrive and announce yourselves as having arrived, is there anything you want to do to prepare? You guys are nearing the palace right now. Do you guys make yourselves known at the palace front? As you approach, you make yourselves known. The guards lead you to the front area of the palace. The sun's just starting to hit the distant side of the water of the Ozmit Sea to the west of Emon. As you guys finish talking to the front guard that you've arrived, Seeker Asum steps out of the front of the palace and sees you. "Very good. Glad you could make it. Please enter. I will "wish to speak with you briefly before the event this evening." "Are you missing anyone?" Make a deception check. "Very well. That's unfortunate. His skills could have been of use to me. Come inside." He leads you into the green meeting room you guys have had previous council meetings with. It's currently empty. He sets the guards to the side and brings you inside and says, "All right, so if "my little birds speak truth, they should be arriving around dusk, so we probably have no more "than 20 minutes before they are here themselves. If you're not aware, they should be referred to as "Lord and Lady Briarwood. Their names Lord Sylas Briarwood and Lady Delilah Briarwood." "This is a political dinner. Please do your best not to cause a scene during the meal, as I "need that time as a distraction to do my own digging." "Vax." "You're light of step and quick to fade. Would you wish to join me on this or "stay with the dinner party?" Make a deception check. Asum goes, "All right. If we are to do this, I would appreciate a little bit of honesty at the "front point." "I gathered as much, as soon as you began to speak. Now, I can understand, based on our "previous conversation, that you have interest in keeping low key, but know that I am an ally in "this. If you're not here, where is the rest of your party. Where is Vax?" "Well, Vax, if you can hear me, follow me when the meal begins. I may have use for you. All "right, so. The Briarwoods have a very good relationship with Uriel and the Tal'Dorei council, "established back before they expanded outside of Wildemount. I've sent two of my best gatherers into "Wynandir to seek out more information on them. I don't know when that information will be "available; they've only been gone but three days, and hopefully in time, we'll learn more of what "their machinations may be. Many of the noble houses of Whitestone were left vacant when the de "Rolos passed and were given to friends of the Briarwoods. Whispers that reach me speak of these "new nobles, not being highborn, nor affiliated with the gentry at all, so I'm curious as to what "allies they've made either before or after taking Whitestone for themselves." "I don't. The Briarwoods have." "I do not know yet. I've sent folks out there. Those who have been sent to Whitestone have "either defected or quit and sent me letters of resignation which is part of the reason I am very "curious as to what's going on in Whitestone. Now, I've also found the documentation that delivered "the ungoverned lands of Whitestone to the Briarwoods was signed, officiated and cataloged "months in advance to the de Rolo family passing. I'm still following the trail but I find the "timing far too convenient. With their arrival coming up, please be controlled, remember what "I've told you and as more information comes in in the passing weeks I'll bring that to your "attention, as well. Be observant, listen, pry what information you can, but do not raise suspicion." "Jenga." As you do, he looks down at it and goes, "Thank you; it's not my color." "I appreciate the offer but my theme goes with browns and blacks so as not to be seen. This "is a bit bright for my taste." "I'm not going to be at the dinner, but thank you." "The only thing I can recall as the information of the Briarwoods, at least what's "come this way was while they were ruling the lands in Wildemount as part of their kingdom there, Lady "Delilah Briarwood was an accomplished practitioner of the arcane arts, a long-trained wizard as far "as I know and been through quite a few different schools and had a brief stint here in Emon "training at the Lyceum, but that was naught but nine, ten years back? Maybe more." At which point you hear, muffled in the distance a (horn noise) this horn sound that seems to be blown as a notification that the arrival of guests has rolled in. Asum goes, "No, please, none of that. Vax, if you can hear me in this room, ten minutes into "the meal see if you can spot me and follow me in the foyer. Good luck." Asum leaves the room. Do you wish to stay inside, do you wish to see the guests as they arrive? All right. You guys head back out to the front of the palace, the large stairway that leads down into the central road outside of the palace in the middle of the Cloudtop district. The sky itself has now come to a dark purple blue slowly moving over into the distant sunset. The sun has disappeared beneath the sea and you've completed the dusk as the sunset slowly turns gold. A dark wood carriage flanked by four armored men on horseback pulls onto the road right before the Tal'Dorei palace. A young man steps from the front of the carriage and opens the door. Stepping out you see a strong, tall man in the nearby lantern light. Short brown hair frames a very chiseled and handsome face adorned with a well groomed goatee. His clothing is based in blue and black, fitted elegance trimmed with golds and red. A strip of grey fur cresting over one shoulder framing his torso. He turns, extends his hand towards the door, where a feminine gloved hand finds it. A beautiful woman steps out after. Her hair dark auburn and pulled up into a tight braided bun, resembling some sort of a glamorous school teacher almost. Her gown is in the same color scheme as the man, if a bit heavier blue than black, and a long billowing skirt tapers up to be form-fitted across her body, continuing upward to wrap her neck nearly to the jaw. They both turn to face the greeting party, bowing slightly as two of their companion guards flank their approach up the steps. The other two helping the young man who steered the carriage carry their rather large bags behind them. This is Lord Sylas Briarwood and Lady Delilah Briarwood. As you guys are standing here at this point, stepping behind you a hand reaches over and touches the back of your shoulder. You look behind you and there, smiling, is Arcanist Allura Vysoren dressed in a very fine blue gown. You've never seen her quite so formal, but very beautiful type thing. She glances over the shoulders, "It's so good to see you. I'm so glad you all could make it." She gives a little hug, too. Glances over at you. "A pleasure, Vax'ildan." What are you doing? As you guys are having this discussion about 15 feet from you the Briarwoods enter the palace, their guards enter with them. There's been no pleasantry and very much an intended arrival. None of you are recognizable to them, thus they make no intent of introducing themselves. They appear to be looking about and taking in their surroundings but they're both engaged in a mumbled conversation between the two of them as they enter. As you follow where they're going, as you walk into the main foyer area where you stand there, waiting carefully at the back, there are a number of servants that have arrived and have taken some of their bags and help them up the stairs. There is one, the head servant who is there talking to them and you hear him speaking to them. "Wait in your quarters be ready, the meal "should be ready within the hour. If you would be so kind as to prepare yourselves, relax, unwind, "set up your rooms. You're to stay for a few days at the very least. But we shall call you when the "meal is ready." At which Lord Sylas Briarwood turns to him and says, "I greatly appreciate the "information. Just come to our room and let us know when the food is ready. Now, come, my dear" Okay, perception check. Perception check for you, as well. Oh, you do? That's true. Okay, good to know. 19. No, they all appear to be run of the mill soldiers, nothing, no one that catches your attention. The young man who is helping them as they go through seems familiar, but no one that is jumping out at you right now. Someone you may have crossed paths with in the past but nobody that's really been formally involved in your life previously. Maybe a denizen of Whitestone that you've crossed before when he was younger. As they walk up the steps, you keep an eye best you can as they go. You catch a little bit of conversation that seems to speak about how long the journey's been, "That's all right, we'll be in there soon to discuss and we'll be out as soon as we can. We "won't stay any longer than we need to." And that's the extent you gather as they continue up the stairway. As the next hour or so passes? Okay, do you want to talk with Allura? Okay, she's grateful for the conversation. She laughs, and she's very attentive to all of you and excited to see you. She lets you know that she's been caught in a little bit of the bureaucracy in the city and despises that. She's taken some time off for herself for about a week or so. "Of course, no, of course, Tiberius" "Well, that's very flattering, Tiberius. I appreciate the invitation. I would say that "particular mix of company might prove a bit awkward." "Perhaps we might-- I mean if you would like to get some tea sometime "I'd be more than happy to--" "Yes. Kima's quite a ways off and I believe she's still in Vasselheim, last I spoke with her, "and yes, tea would be lovely." The carriage, as far as you see, is being led off slowly by the servants to a side area of the palace. Two of them are with the Briarwoods, and there are two helping to bring their stuff up to their rooms. The four are with them, yes. Looking about, the council is roughly stepping in and out of the area like they're getting ready for the dinner and arriving from the Cloudtop district. Go ahead and make an insight roll, both of you guys. The two of you scanning over. Looking over there is Lord Riskel Daxio, he's an elven male, who was the one who is master of trade of the city. He's the one that handled the ordering of your keep when you first had it brought to your attention by Uriel. Allura, of course. Tofor Brotorus is there, the female dragonborn paladin. She seems generally just not happy about the whole scenario and she's not armored, she's dressed in what would be considered formal attire but it's not a dress, it's not a suit, it's this asexual formal outfit that looks like a robe but also like a suit and she does not look to be happy in it at all. Just arms crossed, at the far end, back against the wall just (growling noises) slowly stewing, not wanting to be there. You also see Arbiter Brom Goldhand, who is the master of law. Was previously one of the heads of the guard there within Emon and then was then given the job of being the head of the Watchful Hall. He's the master of law essentially in the city. That's right, Tofor is the master of defense that took over for Krieg after Krieg was slain. So those are the council members. Most everyone else there you see are servants. As time goes on eventually there is the ringing of a dinner bell down the hallway and everyone turns their head and notices and steps over to the great hall of the palace where the feast is to be given to you and other guests. All righty, so you rejuvenate the Invisibility spell. You're escorted to the hall by Allura. She keeps chatting with you guys and asking questions about how Vasselheim was, and is Kima well? She stayed back there. She asks questions about why Pike isn't here and you tell her the story that she stayed behind and everything. You make your way into the great hall which seats a vast number of people. There are five major tables meant for like large feasts but there is one central square table in the far end that is by this giant hearth. This fireplace is probably a good six feet high and about 12 feet wide. It's a grandiose visual on the far end of this hall, and there's a long table right there set for about 20 people. You don't know if there will be that many there at the table but it can seat that many. At which point, all the different members of the council have their seats around it. You guys find your seats. With this many seats set, it's hard to tell, but you gather that they're probably going to sit-- There are no place cards but there are two ends of the table that have two chairs at each end. Certainly. You can probably sit on the center or the far end of the table looking in their direction, should be fine. Okay, but adjacent to it? Okay, fair enough. They do have adjustments for gnomish guests-- is a way of putting it. All right, after you guys sit for a few moments, another servant steps forward and says, "Please, if we might rise "for our guests Lord and Lady Briarwood to join us at the table--" Lord and Lady Briarwood now enter arm in arm, slowly walking from the far end of the great hall. They make their way to one end of the table. They both wordlessly sit down, smiling and acknowledge everyone at the table. There's a moment of silence and then another servant says "And would all please attention be given to our sovereign Uriel Tal'Dorei the second and the "Empress Salda Tal'Dorei." At which point, the sovereign and his wife enter from the same entrance point. Everyone stands up from their chair, waits for them to get to the edge of the table, at which point they nod their head. Everyone gives a low bow. You guys follow suit, following the social graces you're not familiar with but trying to learn as you go. Except for Tiberius, you know this deal. You all follow his lead on this. Eventually, everyone sits down again. Tables are pushed in by servants behind you, you're like 'oh' caught off guard by the whole experience. Uriel looks about the table with a smile, shoulder length brown hair and his chin goatee very well crafted into almost a point now. He looks about the table. "Thank you, Lord and Lady Briarwood, "for making the journey across the lands so that we might meet in person, finally. Please, allow me to "introduce our dining party and esteemed council of Tal'Dorei." He goes around the table introducing, "Arbiter Brom Goldhand. He is the master of law of our city, and is responsible for maintaining all "of these grand people of our fair town in the realm of safety and order. We have Lord Riskel "Daxio. He is our head of planning and construction; has overseen many of the expansions "of the city, and is a trusted friend of mine. We have the Arcanist Allura Vysoren one of my "trusted advisors, one of the greatest arcane minds of all of Tal'Dorei, and the overseer of all "things arcane within our city. We have the Guardian Tofor Brotorus, a fierce warrior and "currently the master of defense in our city and hopefully for a long time to come." Tofor gives a (scoffs) sound and everyone is put off by it, but they're also seemingly used to it. "Arbiter Brom "Goldhand master of law. My lovely wife, the Empress Salda. We have here within our midst, as "well Vox Machina, a team of intrepid adventurers who rose up and saved my family's life and very "well the city of Emon and have since proven very useful to our territory. Grog Strongjaw, a goliath "of interesting dress, but strong of heart and blade. We have Vex'halia, half-elven maiden with a "bow as swift as the fastest eagle." Looking next, he says, "We have here Vax'ildan, blades quick and "eyes sharp, not a whisper passes his ear. Ah! There you are! Scanlan Shorthalt, a performer "known far and wide. A wit as clever as you've ever seen. His songs are whispered through taverns "across the land. We have Tiberius Stormwind--" "Hailing from Draconia, which," he looks across to the Briarwoods, "the kingdom you hail "from originally not being far off from Draconia, perhaps you've had some "dealings with the Stormwinds?" And the Briarwoods give a nod. "Yes, we have seen them in the past. We've heard many good things." "We have over here, Keyleth of the Ashari, if I am correct on that? She is a denizen of the "natural lands and protector of all things nature within Tal'Dorei." "There was one more." "Anyway. Welcome, and thank you." He reaches over and takes a small glass and clinks it with his silverware, the servants immediately muster up and start pulling glasses out and pouring wine into everyone's glasses and the conversation begins to naturally bustle about for this meal. Immediately conversation builds in about Uriel talking across to the Briarwoods talking about the bridge. He says "Now, the Uriel bridge, I don't think the name was necessary, but it's appreciated "from my perspective. Now in this union between Wildemount and Tal'Dorei-- do we have a confirmed "trade route between the two?" At which Lord Briarwood returns, "This is indeed very true. We are hoping that through this "passageway, we'd have means of rather quick trade between this kingdom and yours. Not to mention "this would allow for individuals to travel for carried parcels very quickly and we're hoping to "establish perhaps a very quick means of communication outside of the arcane for those who "cannot afford these various luxuries." Lady Briarwood taps on his shoulder and says, "Yes, and by the way, I don't mean to bring up a sore "subject but it's come to our attention that apparently last Winter's Crest, there was an "attempt on your life," and the table gets a little quiet for a second. "We're sorry to hear that and "wish to express our--" Uriel puts his hand out and says, "No, no, it's quite all right. It was but a paltry attempt, and "it was thwarted actually by Vox Machina. They have been tremendous in keeping us safe and I greatly "appreciate their aid in overseeing my family's good fortune." Yes? They are seated right next to each other at the head of one table across the way. What's behind them is just open space and servants. There's probably a good 25 servants here that are just like sitting there patiently, lying in wait for-- And tables. There's like other unused tables in this great hall that are just out there. Four other ones. To inquire about--? Okay, go for it. It's hard to tell from this distance really at all. They're very charming. You were expecting this very dour, dark, evil couple from all the conversation, but they seem nice. They seem earnest. They keep to themselves definitely, they're definitely a very tight couple but nothing about them catches you off guard as being anything instinctively twisted. You're saying this out loud? The conversation comes to a halt, she-- "Yes, of course. "I'm so sorry, what was your name again?" "Vex'ahlia. Absolute pleasure to meet you. Delilah." "We hail from Wildemount. It's quite a ways from here. The continent to the far east." "You should come by sometime. We haven't been home in a number of years, having to tend to "Whitestone, but we have quite an elaborate homestead there. We'd love to have you come stay "with us if you ever find yourself in that side of the world." "We've been at Whitestone for the better part of-- I can't even remember." And Lord Briarwood looks, he goes, "Best I can recall, four or five years. It was an unfortunate "mantle to pick up but we've done what we can in honor of the passed de Rolo family." "We unfortunately do not. It seems it was not in the cards for us to bear. However, we "consider many of our esteemed servants and house guests our extended family. So we can leave a "legacy, however we can possibly do so." Certainly. 18? Seems pretty earnest. "I'm sorry, I--" he snaps and a servant moves a large like pig platter out of the way that was blocking your head from his vision. "Yes, actually. Dr. Ripley is one of our esteemed physicians in Whitestone. Yes, recently "come into some land herself, although she has been on holiday for some time. Following her own "research as doctors are wont to do." "I wouldn't say close, but she's been a friend at times, and she was one of the few that "came with us from Wildemount over to Whitestone and has helped us restructure and maintain and help "facilitate the blossoming of a city without a leader." "Jeff Shorthalt, I will be happy to pass that along." At which point, one of the other council members goes, "Um." and puts his hand out. "It's all right," and he pats the hand of his wife. He looks over at you with a smile. "We know "not if it is connected with the disease, but before all this occurred, we became very close "friends with the de Rolo family about ten or so years ago. Actually, the first time we met is an "interesting tale, if you want to tell it, please." His wife goes, "All right all right, so they were taking a brief vacation east to Wildemount. "Apparently, they had not traveled and they brought their family with them, a whole gaggle of small "children. They were coming this direction. Now our homestead is on the western outskirts of Wildemount "so one of the first places you traverse before going into the kingdom proper. However, the "family, the de Rolo family had been caught in a bad downpour, a storm that had blown in and made "travel rather impossible, and apparently they stopped not far from our homestead. They came to "our front door asking for shelter for the evening, and we were happy to house them. We gave them dry "clothes, food for the night, and well, a rather fast friendship was forged. As we quickly began to "notice they weren't just rabble of the street, they themselves were highborn as we were and in a "very dire circumstance. So we let them in, they stayed for but a week. We showed them about the "western side of Wildemount and let them on their way. And since then we've had many different years "we've spent together as families going on various journeys and trips together. But as time went on "we got busy on our own and separate ways and we hadn't spoken in a while. They were in the process "of discussing the building of the Uriel bridge about five years ago, and we were going to meet "with them about pursuing this venture as a joint-- well, when the disease took them. The family "passed on. We were surprised that they would've considered leaving Whitestone in our name, and we "couldn't say no, at this point. To carry on their legacy, I felt, was important enough let alone the "memory of that to carry on the building of this Uriel bridge. I thought I really wanted to "spearhead the wishes of Frederick." "A toast." "To gracious hosts." "So. Uriel," and he looks across the way and says, "one of our largest exports in Whitestone is "timber from the forests and woods that surround Whitestone and the Alabaster Sierras. We've had a "rising danger in the surrounding woods. It has made it proven difficult to export most of these "wooded goods. If it is possible, we would like for you to send some aid, perhaps a small band of "soldiers to lead a strike into the woods." Uriel looks across the way and says, "Ah yes, we can definitely discuss that, I don't see why not. "We are currently in peacetime and we have a reserve of soldiers we can send your way." As the meal continues on, more conversations arise. A lot of bureaucratic BS. Anyone want to interject anything or ask any questions? Allura is there, yes. Allura looks, glances over to the side and says, "Yes, it's been completed. No one's come by "to take it from me" "And as a note, I'm about a month away from completing the sigil in the base mentof your keep." "I prefer a mint or jasmine, to be honest." You step up and walk away from the dinner table. (chair scraping) Tiberius stands up in the middle of the discussion and walks away from the feast "Well, thank you. This is the first time we've been away from Whitestone in many years." "Perhaps, you seem strong of build and--" "That is an impressive feat, young Keyleth." "Slain a beholder? Uriel, you keep in the presence of some mighty heroes." Uriel goes, (chuckles) "They are proven allies. I mean, if you utilize their assistance. That would "be very possible. May have something coming up that I could use them for myself, but we'll "discuss in time. Nevertheless, the meal continues." She smiles and looks back at you. You can make an insight check, sure. You're distracted by the pattern, the brocade across her torso area. What are you checking for? Make an arcana check. It's not so much something you can sense, more than you can look for symbols. You rolled a 17? It looks like there are elements of their accoutrements that are, like any of you are carrying on yourselves. There's a choker that's part of the outfit that Lady Briarwood wears that itself does appear to have some tiny enchantment-based markings across it. They are adorned in various protective magic, but so is everybody else at the table. They look at each other and give a sorrowful look. "We do not know. We were only given the "information that the family had passed, but a month or two after it had already occurred." "Most of the castle seemed to have fallen to it, as well." Uriel says, "My condolences, by the way. I understand that's very hard." "It's all right. The least we could do is try to carry on their legacy." "It's appreciated." He looks at his wife, and she looks up for a second. "It's all right." "There was worry of such a thing, but before Whitestone castle could be entered, we made sure "to send in our best clerics to rid of any existing possible lingering disease, and to make sure to "remove any corpses or bodies that may contain it. There was a period of time that we were worried, "but after a few months, we came to the conclusion that we were safe, and thus we moved our way in." At this point, the dessert has been brought out. It's a fine, almost creme brulee-type dish. It's delicious. As part of the discussions, there are a few side exchanges here and there. The best you can make from it is, "Did you notice him?" She says, "Yes, don't worry." And, "Tonight, we'll stay." And those are the only things you can make out from the exchanges back and forth. "Well, after this dinner, I imagine a few days, and we'll be on our way. We're merely here "to finalize the paperwork for the bridge construction." She looks over and gives a nod to Lord Daxio, who gives her a nod back. "And maybe see the city for a while, and make our way back. "It's too hard to be away, and our nephew has been left in charge of this." "That would be lovely." "Where are you staying?" "What's it called?" "Greyskull Keep. We will have you sent for when the time is right." "Oh, well it's hard to show you this here. What you need to see is the Wildemount fashion "district. It is divine." The meal has been now wound down, the dishes are being gathered by the servants, the wine has stopped being poured, and now everyone settles in with sighs of a meal well spent. The other council members begin to excuse themselves. Uriel stands up and says, "My apologies, me and my wife find "that rest is in our future. Please, feel free to walk the halls as you see fit. Thank you again, "Lord and Lady Briarwood, for joining us, and we're excited to continue this venture. "Good night to you all." Asum? He's not in the room. He's been waiting in the foyer for you. Lord and Lady Briarwood also stand up. "On that note as well, I think our meal has come to an "end. We appreciate your--" and Lady Briarwood continues the sentence, "and we wish you all a fine night--" They both sit and watch for a moment-- You make your way out, and he's not there. You don't see him anywhere. Okay, you double back. After about a minute of this, "Yes, well, thank you kindly for that "wondrous display. I feel that sleep takes us, and we are going to retire to our quarters. Have a "wonderful night, everyone." "Yes, yes." "And good night." And they both stand up, and then they make their way out, through the main great hall exit. Okay. You gather across the ceiling as you go. You watch them head up the stairway to the second floor. They head to the right, down a long hallway, a series of doors. They come up to a door, where there are two guards standing outside. The same guards that led them inside the building, and were riding on horseback. Hunter's Mark is technically a minor spell. You could try it. I'd say, make a stealth check. Trying to do this subtly at the table. You Hunter's Mark which one? Okay, you mark Delilah as she walks off. You have a sense of where she is at all times in the vicinity. As you follow them, they go to the door, the guards open the door for them, and lead them into their room, and then close the door. Not against it, but immediately to the right and left of it. All right. You take it, and you throw the snake. Let me check one thing on Invisibility real fast. Just because-- "Attacks or casts a spell." It's not either of those. It's activating an item. You take the belt (whoosh), fling it (hissing), the snake appears to the side. One of the guards looks over. Looks over at the other guard, he pulls out his weapon and one of the guards steps over to where the serpent is and starts trying to stomp it out, and it nips up and gets some of the armor, and he's just, stomping out the snake. About 25 feet away, yeah. Yeah. Okay! All right. As you leap off the top, you (whoosh) land on the ground. Go ahead and roll an attack. And he is surprised, because he does not know you're there. Right, okay. Go ahead and roll sneak attack damage. 62 damage will do it. You (whack) right to the side of the helmet, with a dull (thud) sound. Just falls like a sack of potatoes right against the wall. The door is currently not locked. You can see the guard you just knocked out, had the key in his hand and was in the process of going to lock the door right when that happened. Okay. So. (creak) You open the door and enter the room, closing it behind you. As soon as you enter the room, it's a large guest room. There are two windows across the way with curtains drawn to the side. You can see the darkness of the night sky behind that, and the rest of the low-lit Cloudtop District visible, and the courtyard surrounding the palace. Immediately to the right and left of you, you see two large tables that are covered in black cloths, that are just, tables to be, you know, vases and stuff set up on them. One's clean, one has actual decor on it. There are two wooden tables immediately to the right and left of you. There's a large red rug, central to the floor, that is circular, and on the far corners next to the two windows you see armoires, like dressers, for clothing and such. In the center of the room, you see, on top of the rug, against the wall between the two windows is a large canopy bed, very beautifully carved from dark wood, has a purple cloth silk canopy that drifts down around it. And on the far end, you can see now, against one of the tables, is Lady Briarwood is currently taking jewelry off of one of her arms while Lord Briarwood is right by the bed, holding on to the post, like he's just walked over to that area. They're both at the bed. They're both looking in your direction. Make a deception check. 11? Lord Briarwood goes, "Oh, well, that's all right. Not to worry, in no serious rush. Isn't "that right, my dear?" And she looks over, she stops taking her jewelry off and turns. "Yes, yes, of course. As you, a man "who works for the city." "What do you do for the city, if I may ask?" They both step a little bit closer. Looking at you-- Right. Lady Briarwood goes, "You look strangely similar to a gentleman we just had "dinner with." "It's uncanny how similar you look." (arcane chanting) You get to make a wisdom save, is what you do. You turn to move and your muscles (crunching) tense up, as you're unable to physically move. You're halfway through the doorway, stuck in place, as she keeps walking forward now, giving you a curious look. Lord Briarwood comes and flanks you from the other side. (clicks tongue) "You try and flee. I'm merely asking you questions. Come, let us discuss in more private quarters." And you feel the hand of Lord Briarwood slam onto your other shoulder. "Don't worry. You look delicious." And he pulls you into the room as she closes the door behind, and that's where we're going to end tonight's session. (screaming) That was a very slow tension building episode that turned very interesting at the end. How you doing, Taliesin?! (laughs) That'd be rough. Well, cool. We'll all be picking up that next week on Thursday. All right guys, so! We got a lot of awesome donations tonight. Let's go ahead and rock through those. As you shouldn't! That got really interesting really fast.