Welcome, everyone, to this Thursday's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors get together and play Dungeons & Dragons. This will be our 10th episode, I think, which is awesome. For all the classic folks that have been coming every week, good to see you again; for a bunch of newcomers out there as well, welcome and thank you. I hope you enjoy. We're going to cut to some videos here. Probably the last time that we run the character backstories at the start of the show. We usually use it as partially a stall method when some of our players haven't gotten here on time. (clears throat) i.e., Scanlan. But he's on his way, I'm sure. But also since we have a lot of new people watching, and we figured it would be cool for them to actually get an idea of the character backgrounds, as well, but going forward, we'll just be playing them for the intermission break. So we'll be back here in about 10 minutes or so. In the meantime, enjoy the character backstories. We'll see you guys in just a moment. [dramatic music] Does it? It makes more than my eyes pop. (laughs) So thank you, chat, that's amazing. We did some videos with that. It's a little warm in here for it at the moment, but I'll be wearing it probably when we come back from the break for a bit, too. Thank you. A couple other quick things. First off, our shirts are up still. We have one more week on that, but our goal by the end of this show tonight is to get to 1,000 t-shirts sold. If we get to 1,000 before the end of the game tonight, we are going to stay after and do a Q&A with you guys. So, go ahead and get some shirts. Wonderfully modeled by a few of our team members here. You can find a link in the chat room, or you can go to teespring.com/critical-role and they've got hoodies, girl tees, guy tees. Rock it out. Well, we'll see. So yes, that's awesome. Also, we have the subscriber giveaway. As soon as we hit 2,850 tonight, we are going to be giving away one of the Tabletop Day promo kits that are only available exclusively now by subscribing to this channel. So, once we hit 2,850, we are going to give away one of these to one of the random folks in the chat room, so look forward to that. Also, we have our charity, which we do throughout the show. Marisha do you want to take it away on that? Go check it out. A couple of other quick things. If you guys haven't checked it out, recently I had the opportunity to Dungeon Master for PewDiePie and cinnamontoastken, his co-partner on the podcast there. Episode went up a couple of days ago. Had a lot of fun. Hopefully, we'll be doing that again in the future, but I know probably a bunch of you folks came through that this week, so welcome! Welcome to our chaotic little show, Critical Role. Everyone in the chat room be nice, be welcoming. They've been really awesome. Any other announcements we want to make before we jump into the game? Glowing recommendation from Tiberius Stormwind. Let's get this on the road, then, so we can get into the story. So. To get everyone caught up to where we are... The party was initially sent on a quest into the mountainous region beneath the dwarven city of Kraghammer to find a folk hero of the region named Lady Kima of Vord, who's a halfling paladin who had gone missing while on a vision quest that had apparently led her to some evil that was brewing beneath the city. As the party went in search of her, they ended up finding themselves climbing deeper and deeper into the Underdark, a very scary portion of the subterranean world, encountering numerous beasts and talking cellphones. Discovering that there was apparently an alliance that had been forged between the illithids, the mind flayers that lived down there, and the duergar, who normally are at odds. They've forged some sort of pact. Upon battling their way deeper into the cavernous regions below the lava-encrusted obsidian walls, they began to uncover a plot that apparently some monstrosity, some new dark leader by the name of K'Varn had been the one responsible for uniting them and currently resides in a temple in the center of the subterranean illithid city of Yug'Voril. You guys made your way down to what seems to be the cavern that contains the island that Yug'Voril resides upon. You manage to scavenge a few broken boats from the lake that surrounds the island. Percy repaired them, and you rode around the outskirts to what seemed to be some sort of a beach-side cavern. Upon entering the cavern, you found a partially-buried chest or container of some kind in what looks like a camp that had been destroyed and scattered, and a few rotting corpses against the walls. As you continued to inspect the area, the corpses began to rise from their sitting positions. With previous experience in the realm of undead, you, however, know that these eyes of these creatures carry far more intelligence than your run-of-the-mill zombie. And that was where we left off at this point in time, which requires a music change. Right in. We have a good number of the party that is still out in the boat that is being towed by Keyleth, currently in shark form. There's Keyleth's shark form. Right there. So in the cavern, I believe we had Vax, we had Scanlan. Tiberius and Vex on the flying carpet and are making their way down. You scouted ahead and began to check the interior before this happened. So, these creatures are now rising up off the ground, looking insidious in their expression, all glaring at you, as you're the most apparently-nearby individual. What are you doing? And it's going to stay! Aw, damn it. All right, so top of the round. Who's got 25 to 20? Anybody? Ooh! Percy with the rolls. 20 and 20 for Grog and Vex. All right. 20 to 15? 16 for Tiberius. A really strong 13 for Vax. All right. (laughs) Don't say that. You got this. You'll be fine. Well, that's the plate armor and-- I don't know why. And what have you guys got, initiative-wise? Pike, then Scanlan. All right, so top of the round. Percy, you're out in the ship. Are you going to stay on the ship? (laughs) I know. Timing is everything. What are you doing? Quick! This beach is just gravel. There's no particular physical element. Maybe on the far end, there might be a part of the wall, but it's going to be an awkward hinge, and there's really nowhere to latch-- Well, if you have an adhesive, you might be able to stick it to the wall at the far end of the beach-- the cavern wall that you're up against-- but there's nothing actually on the beach floor at all. Okay. So as you hold it up, you line up your enchanted ice chamber of your Pepperbox, fire, and with an extremely loud echoing (gun noise) gun shot sound throughout the cavern, you see a blast. The bullet itself ricochets and spins off into the distance, into the darkness, but you do see left behind, where part of the rock has chiseled from the impact, ice has coalesced and cracked and has, for the time being, held the rope to the edge of the cavern. All right, so Percy is there. Percy, it's going to take you a few rounds to get there. It's long, winding pathway, but you're in the process of making your way there. All right, great, so that brings us to Grog and Vex. Grog and Vex, what have you got? No, the boat is not beached. The rope that the boat is attached to is currently attached to the wall, so it's anchored. You're in the boat. Grog's in the boat. Clarota, Kima... As Grog leaps out, (sploosh) splashing. It's shallow at this point. You're about waist deep in the water. You trudge up to the shore, run across the gravel beach, and start heading straight into the cavern after Percy. Yelling into the cavern, a big old goliath scream. Laser pointer if anyone needs it, by the way. There you go. All right, that brings us to Vex. You're still on top of the flying carpet, the three of you. Best you can tell, there are three that all look similar in stature. There's one over here that is generally larger, taller, more lanky, and appears to have a semblance of armor on him still. And he almost seems to be giving looks and silent commands to the others. What's the range on Hunter's Mark? You're back here. Yeah, you can get there. Hunter's Mark on that one. Trinket's ears perk up from the distance. He can hear your whistle echoing through the cavern on the beach side. He stumbles out of the boat, (sploosh) big splash, and chases after Grog. All wet and soaked, the fur pushed against the body. Conjure Barrage. What's the range of that? You are quite a distance from most of them. You might have to hop off the flying carpet. You're currently not in control of the carpet. Tiberius is. You can do that. Vex delays on that. Grog's turn's ended. All right, so the undead take their turn. So as all the entities rise up, they all swarm in, rushing around with an unnatural speed. They all leap up. You see portions of their jaw dangling, with these sharp, awful blackened teeth that are broken and gnarled. You glance around suddenly as this darkened room, which you're able to make a little bit of light from Tiberius's light on the end of his staff. They move (whoosh) with a blur of speed, and they're right up in your face. First thing you notice one of them is giving off an awful stench. The smell you smelled when you first entered the cavern is now so strong that it's nearly overpowering. It's hard to find a source to it. However, you are taking a claw strike from each of them. That is going to be a six. That misses. Hits. 18? And then 20. All right. So, three claw strikes. You take seven points of slashing damage, another seven points of slashing damage, and then a ten, so that's a total of 24 points of slashing damage. As all these horribly-muddied and half-rotted claws start sinking past the armor into your flesh, the back of your neck. One catches you in the side. And it all happens so fast, you feel like you're almost spun around by the sheer force of the impact. I need you to make three constitution saving throws. 15. All right. Okay. You're currently paralyzed, my friend. Yeah, all right. That brings us to Tiberius and Vex. Right here? I'd say you're approximately-- You can probably push it 20 feet. It's about there. All right. So, as you finish casting, you can see some of the actual sand that fills the bottom of this cave begins to swirl up in a wind around Tiberius's hands, and as he lifts his arms up, a single column of stone shakes and shifts out of the ground, lifting your paralyzed body 15 feet into the air. Thankfully, the actual cavern itself is about 25 feet tall, so it doesn't crush you against the ceiling. It can only go 15 feet for level 3. Or 20. I'm sorry. 20 feet. So, you're barely brought up to the ceiling. It crests the top of your head, but not enough to actually crush you or do any damage. But you are seemingly out of harm's way from the current undead onslaught. All right, so Tiberius, as you lift up the pillar with one hand, the dust settles and falls from your hand, and as it does this hand back here begins to coalesce this small bead of red burning energy. You fling it out with your off hand. It streaks across, hits the base of the pillar, and explodes with a blast of red fiery magical energy. Go ahead and roll damage. Your DC on that is 17, right? They all failed their saving throw. It's 8d6. Same damage your Lightning Bolt does. 32 damage. Causing him to fall. You used your movement to move the carpet, sorry. You only take, I'd say, 2d6. No, 1d6, because it's only a 20-foot fall. You're able to catch yourself, and it's also sand, so it's not too hard. All right, that finishes your turn? Wait, you did land in a bunch of rocks of the broken pillar. Roll another d6 points of damage. If it was the sand, it wasn't so hard, but it was the fact that I realized there was a whole crapton of pillar rubble that your paralyzed body fell upon, unable to brace your fall. So. That's going to hurt in the morning. Vex, you're up. If you want to, yeah. You still haven't used it for the day. Okay, you're attacking him twice. Yeah! All right. And what's the other attack? Both hit. Go ahead and roll damage. That hits. Well, the bracers only affect your damage, not to hit. You get +2 to all damage rolls with ranged attacks. You roll the regular damage, multiply it by two, and then add your modifier at the end. And Hunter's Mark on both of those? Because it's on the board? (laughs) There you go! The smoke filters out of the way, and you make the visual. You see your brother on the ground, currently seizing, and in the rubble, you see the shadow of one of the undead, still standing angrily. It rears back with its claws forward and gives this horrible gnashing sound as its jaw opens and actually widens. This long tongue (wet sucking noise) whips out on it. As you bear down and release one arrow, (shoomf) piercing the side of its shoulder. As it reaches out to break it off, its tongue still out, the second one goes into the tongue, out the back of the throat. (choking noise) It reaches up and breaks off the arrow in the throat, looks towards you, goes to lunge, and as it does, you can see it just collapses on top of his body, no longer moving. All right, so. The rest of you finally make your way into the cavern. You manage to shrug off the rest of this paralyzation, stiffly get up, and find your way out of the rubble. Yeah, you can get out of the boat. Keyleth, you're left out there as a shark as everyone goes inside. Vex, you go over and lift the top of the chest, which was unlocked previously by your brother. As you lift it up, for a split second you see what looks like a flash of orange energy-- a very familiar one, as suddenly, a secondary fire blast (explosion sound) emanates from the treasure chest itself. The blast radius sends the top half of the chest careening off and scraping off the roof of the cavern. You guys, who just turned the corner, see this giant explosion, sending you about 20 feet backwards. Yeah. So a reflex saving throw for both of you. Or dexterity, sorry. (sing-song) Carry over from Pathfinder. I meant dexterity. 30? Jesus Christ. Yeah. You both manage to find a way to dodge most of the impact, but you still both take 14 points of fire damage. Then you take nothing. You take 14 points of fire damage. The familiar whine of the trap catches your ear. You dodge out of the way instinctively. Your sister's not so lucky. You take the brunt of the damage, but not the full damage. If you want to inspect what the chest once was. As you go back to where the chest was, most of the chest is destroyed. It's knocked off its hinge. What you do find inside, though, is what looks like a very, very... There we go. What looks like a slightly-charred two-handed blade a giant sword that is currently laid inside. Looks like it's been there a while in storage. There was a set of natural armor that's been completely destroyed by the blast. There are a number of coins in there. There's probably a good, hefty pile of gold, slightly molded by the moisture that's been kept inside this chest until it was detonated. Gathering it up, you find approximately 420 gold pieces. But for everything that was damaged inside the chest, the sword, which would be considered a greatsword, seems to be largely unaffected by the blast, other than a little bit of soot that you had to rub off the blade. There you go. She hands you this fantastic sword. Okay, there's definitely a magical aura emanating from the blade. You take a moment to inspect it, and you ascertain the magical nature. Scanlan could. It's a little big for you. You'd be at quite a disadvantage using this weapon. You guys were inspecting what remains of three of the undead creatures. They have been turned to ash, pretty much, from the force of the explosion, the arcane nature of the detonation. You find pieces of them. Most of them have been charred and burned away from the bodies, who are already in partially-decomposed form. The larger one that you had Hunter's Marked, though. Upon inspecting it, while most of its armor is destroyed, it does manage to carry a partially-mildewed coin purse. Looking inside, you only find about five or six pieces of gold, but you do find one really, really nice... looks like it's taken a little bit of damage, but it was once a really pretty diamond. Tiberius, you reach into the Bag of Holding. You pull out the Mending Wheel, which is a magical artifact that you found earlier in the campaign as part of your personal quest. It looks like a large, spoked, roulette wheel when it's laying down, with these strange points that fold out of it. Once you spin the wheel, you place an object in the center of the wheel. It's lifted without gravity and mends itself back to its undamaged form. You place the diamond in the center and spin the wheel. You can see the actual cracks on the surface of it slowly begin to mend. Eventually, the diamond is brought to a solid, undamaged, finely-cut example of a diamond. You have no idea. It hasn't been too terribly long. You rested at the camp after taking out Queen Ulara, so I'd say it's probably been about-- with the travel to get to this point, probably about six hours since you rested. Go ahead and roll perception. You take a look at the liquid and it looks enchanted, but the way its mixture is, the colors seem to swirl and shift in a very caustic way. You can see from glancing at the glass vial it's contained in, the interior of the glass looks slightly pock-marked, almost like the viscous fluid within has actually damaged the glass slightly. You're unable to really ascertain what the nature of the liquid is, but those are the details you can make out, currently. All right. Make a medicine check. It ends here. This is the end of the cave. It curved around and ended in this little portion here. So you had a perception check? What did you roll? 22. You see, best you can, and you guys follow her eyeline. You look up, and you see what first looks like it's part of the cavern ceiling. It has this weird texture. It looks almost like the smooth rock that the interior of the cavern comes off as. However, as you see it shift and move, it looks almost like a portion of it is moving and slowly crawling, and it looks like there's a red gleaming eye, and then two, and something drops down from the side, almost like a tail that seems to dangle for a second. At which point, it detaches. (fwoosh) Opens up almost like a giant ray, with a screeching mouth that (screeches) screams at you. It lands down in the center of the room. Your foot is still healing, but unfortunately, based on the medicine roll, it is getting better but not enough to complete the process of you getting all your toes back. Let's roll some initiative, folks. That's how it works. So at this, this thing leaps out from almost nowhere. The only reason you picked it up is your acute vision, and as it lands, it's right around the corner from the two of you, and it has this long, almost spined tail and this jaw that opens up, this nasty, toothy gaping maw. All right. Initiative rolls of 25 to 20? 22. 25. All right. Nice. All right. And Grog, what was yours again? All right. 18 for Tiberius. 15 to ten? 11 for Scanlan. Ten. All right, so top of the round. As this creature sits there, it's giving off this weird, horrible moaning sound (screeches) that's starting to just fill your ears. At the top of the round is Vax. If you want to try and move her, you'll basically move both of you. You can do that, but you'll have no other action. Okay. Grab your sister. Currently, you guys would be able to get onto the carpet. What?! Why would a giant winged-thing fly? Percy. No, you're not on the boat. You guys have come into the cavern after this point, when you gave chase. You guys are in the cavern. Oh, you did? Then yeah, you're still out by the boat. You take the butt of your gun and you start bashing against the ice that you set against the wall. It cracks, and eventually you get the rope free from the side of the wall. Okay. That brings us to Grog. All right! Okay. So you just bolt out. I say rage run and barbarian speed, you're going to get nearly completely out of the cavern. Keyleth! Are you staying out in shark form at the boat? Okay! All right. Pike. All right! So you turn and run. You catch up to Grog, because he traveled twice the distance that you could have with your tiny little gnome legs in your full-plate armor. You're like (grunt). Plus, it's sand, so your feet are sinking with each step. It's rough for you to get around because of your size and the terrain. You can try to. All right! Make an athletics check. With disadvantage, because you're in full-plate armor. All right. What's your strength? What was your athletics? Total. So that brings you to a ten. Ten is what you needed. So, as you run up, you leap and grab onto Grog's back. Grog, I want you to make a-- That makes you a nine. So! As you jump to grab onto the back of Grog's back, you manage to find purchase. Grog instinctually reaches back with an elbow and hits you right in the side of the armor, which knocks you flat on your back. You're currently prone in the sand right there. And Grog just keeps running. You glance over your shoulder for a second, but because you're raging, you don't see her. You just see shadows in the cavern. So you start moving your hand in the air, freaking out. Holding your axe in one hand and your greatsword in the other, just (panicked screaming). The large, ray-like, cloaked creature swoops down towards the top of the-- All right. It's going to make a bite attack against Tiberius and a tail attack against Scanlan. So it's the two that are immediately visible to it. So the bite attack against you, Tiberius. That's going to be a 21. The bite attack against you is going to be a 23. (all laugh) Tiberius! All right, it comes out and sinks its teeth into your form, across your shoulder area, and it bites down. You end up taking-- (laughing) Ten points of piercing damage. And the creature wraps around you, (squelch) completely envelops you. Him. So! That's going to end its turn. Tiberius, your turn. Okay! Because it's attached to your head, it's going to have disadvantage. So I think it's-- is it a dexterity saving throw? Its head is right by your mouth. Go ahead and roll damage. I rolled a natural 20 and a six. So because of the disadvantage, it does not make its save. Yeah. Roll the damage for your fire breath. Depends on your level, as a dragonborn. Should be on your sheet. No, no, it's... Here, I'll... It is 3d6 at 6th level. 21 points of damage. You all hear a muffled (explosion sound) as bits of flame begin to shoot out from the corners of where it's wrapping around the torso of Tiberius, surrounding his head. The creature's tail flicks around in pain. You hear this muffled (screeching) sound as it keeps, still tight around his head, fighting through the damage and maintaining its hold on him. Okay! All right. We're going to do a contested roll on this. Well, no. For this, I believe it's the roll plus your spell modifier. Should be five. So roll a d20, add five to it. 20! All right. So, your Ioun stone is floating around your head, which is currently surrounded by the creature. It's clinging to your head; you can feel it grinding into the top of your skull. You instill the Ioun stone to trigger. As you do, the force begins to pull it (grunt) off of, and flings it off of your head. The creature is detached and thrown back at that point of the wall, off of you. All right. They move out that way. Scanlan, are you staying on the carpet? Anything else you want to do? Pike's laying in the dirt right now. As Scanlan grabs you and holds you for a second, for a moment you're confused, and you hear that strange shrieking moan in the distance, and suddenly the darkness gives way to this flash of purple arcane energy, and the two of you (boof) fall a few inches into hard wood, and you feel the boat rock for a second as you're now on the outside in the boat, being tugged by Keyleth the shark. Okay! Vex! (bear moan) Trinket runs up. Are you staying on the carpet? All right. You jump on top of your bear, and you start bolting down the hallway. All right, that ends your turn. Clarota just (whoosh) vanishes. Kima (laughing) goes running on her halfling legs towards the flying carpet. She takes her full turn and she just manages to get on top of the carpet, and that's her turn. And she goes, "Go, go, go, go!" (laughing) All right. So, for the time being, we'll say you guys manage to (whoosh) make your way outside of the cavern to the ship. Being towed. As you guys all get into the boat-- As Keyleth begins to pull away, the boat picks up speed into the water, and you hear that moan sound begin to get louder as the creature (swoosh) out of the cavern, giving chase. All right, so! For the purposes of this-- All right, so going off, same top of the round. Vax, you're up first. Due to its distance, the darkness behind it, and the fact that you are in a boat, you are at a disadvantage on both your attack rolls. So you super miss on that one. Okay, so you throw both daggers. (whoosh whoosh) Unfortunately, it's hard to make the form of the creature. It seems to almost-- I can't say change its color, but it embraces the shadows around it, and it gets harder and harder to see. And for a moment, you swear you see two more appear at its sides. You fling both daggers, and they vanish into the darkness and return to your side. That ends your turn. Percy, you're up. So you've leaned your giant sniper cannon that you've constructed up against the side of the boat, aim it up, best you can, and take a shot. You are at disadvantage for this shot. So it cancels out. It's just a regular shot. 13? 13 unfortunately misses. (gun blast sound) The ship actually rocks from the impact of the explosion. For a second there, you all feel like it's going to list and take on water. Who's on the carpet still? Okay. Tiberius is still on the carpet. So you go ahead and reload. Yeah, that'll be your turn. That comes up to Grog! The creature is approximately... 40ish feet away, at an angle, so it's about 50 feet away from you, up in the air. You can try and shift your weight to the back of the boat and get closer with your movement, if you want. You can certainly try. All right, cool. Keyleth. You're pulling the boat? Okay. So you manage to get some distance for the ship, pulling it further behind. You're moving slower than that because you're pulling it, towing the entire boat behind you, so you're going 20, but you're putting distance between you and the creature, for the rest of the party, which makes it harder for it to catch up. All right, that brings us to Pike! Yes. Add your spell modifier to it. Oh, you found your sheet? Awesome. 12 does not hit, unfortunately. Once again, you fire and you think you hit one of them, but it seems to hit one of the group of three that's now flying overhead, and one shimmers and vanishes, seemingly unaffected by the bolt, but that one image of it disappears. No, not unless you want to move somewhere in the boat. All right. It's now its turn. It is going to move. It gains up on the boat to about there. It actually gets a little lower. It's starting to gain on you guys, make its way (shh) gliding down towards the front, and you see now there's now two of them side by side that are coming down towards you guys. It's then that that strange moaning sound it's making (moans) begins to grow louder and louder, and all of you close your ears for a second. Everybody, make a wisdom saving throw. You don't actually hear in the water. You're muffled. It's to the point where it doesn't actually affect you. Plus, you're in shark form. Yes. All right. Scanlan? All right. Tiberius? Four. Percy? One? Oh no. Grog? Grog and Vex. Now let's see. You rolled a what? 11? Okay, yeah, so, no. Vax however, is okay. So, Kima, Vax, and Grog, and Clarota all hear this horrible moaning sound and plug their ears and shake it off, not a problem. Everyone else-- This creature-- all of a sudden, its form becomes far more frightening than you ever saw before. It almost seems to swell with the cavern. It's a natural ability. All of you are considered frightened. Nope. It is not a charm effect. It is a fear effect. You are scared of it, currently. You're scared. Trinket's not affected, but you are. Essentially, until the end of its next turn, it's disadvantage on all attack rolls, and you cannot move closer to it. You can take that turn now, yeah. As it's moaning. It would be within 30 feet. Turn around. All right, so what's the DC on that? 13 for what kind of saving throw? Okay, for the creature. Wisdom saving throw. It rolls a 12. (all cheer) It doesn't cancel out yours. It just means it's further away and can't get closer to Grog. You're still scared of it until the end of its next turn, but now it's keeping its distance from the boat. It was starting to catch up to you guys, and now it's actually pulled back. Not wanting to get near Grog. All right. Tiberius. It looks leathery. It has almost the texture of a very, very thick bat or lizard skin. But it's very dark, from what you can see. You've had just little glimpses of it here and there. Most of it's been shrouded in shadow. It's almost like a thick leather cloak that's come to life. Okay, so Tiberius, you move your movement to later. Not unless you have an anti-fear spell. Scanlan, you're up. All right! All right, so. You take your turn. Are you just using the... which one? Oh, Grasping Hand? Okay, all right. Attempt to grapple. Use the hand's strength score to resolve the grapple. Strength of 26, so roll d20 + 8. Okay, so nine plus eight. You're at 17. Its contest was at 15. Oh, but you are at disadvantage. So roll again. Okay, so as you rear back, your eyes squinting, just scared to even do anything with this creature, you try out this new spell that you've only just recently managed to conjure to your attention. As Scanlan finishes singing, the rippling sonic energy from his singing shoots out from in front of him and forms this giant, slightly ethereal-looking arcane fist the size of the creature that reaches out, grabs onto it as he's moving his hand, controlling it silently from a distance. It grapples the creature, holds it in place as its wings are also folded on itself and you pull down. Let's see here. Grasping Hand. All right, so you are trying to...? It's locked in where you're holding it. Okay, so you lock it there. Great. You can use a bonus action to crush it. So as you're holding it in place, you use your bonus action to squeeze it. It takes 2d6 + 5 bludgeoning damage. 16, nice. As it is currently held in place, screeching (screech, crunch) you hear this strange crushing sound of bones breaking on the inside of its strange form. All right, and it is considered grappled, which is bad for a creature like that. That ends Scanlan's turn. Vex. All right, you Hunter's Mark the creature. 16 does hit. All right. Technically, because it's grappled-- It does not, technically. It just means he can move it, so yeah, it does not cancel out the disadvantage. Yeah. Okay, great. There you go. So, as you're on the boat, you can see the hand grasping. It gives you a moment of bravery. You pull out (swoosh, swoosh) let loose two more arrows into the slightly dark, shrouded exterior of the boat. Both arrows strike true into the currently-grappled cloak-like creature. Nice. Portions of it are trying to squeeze free of this arcane hand. One strikes through its wing, leaving a gaping wound in the middle, where you can see it's going to have a hard time maintaining height at this point. The second one strikes it and actually pierces one of its red, glowing eyes. It gives out this horrible, painful screeching sound (screech) into the cavern as you can now see what was once two gleaming red, piercing eyes, left with only one, and darkness on the other side of its face. That brings us to Kima and Clarota. Kima, at this point in time is, unfortunately, at a disadvantage of finding out what to do at this distance, being a paladin. She is going to attempt-- Nothing. She's going to wait it out. So you're taking your turn after Laura? Interesting! Okay. So Clarota, at this time, is also going to attempt a Mind Blast on the creature. It moves to the back of the boat and while it's currently grappled, he's going to attempt that. The saving throw does succeed, so it only takes half damage. Okay. Marking that. And then as you do Telekinesis. Roll a d20 plus five. The grapple does not give you advantage, no. So you have disadvantage on the roll, technically, because you are scared of it. Plus five. 17? All right. So! As you focus your energy once again-- even just facing this creature is a terrifying thing-- you see that one gleaming bit of red that's piercing through the darkness. The secondary form around it dissipates. Where there was once two gliding, one of them vanishes entirely as that gleaming red is suddenly much brighter, yanked from its socket. It now gives out another painful screech (screeches) as it is blinded, being crushed by a Bigby Hand, and you now have drifting amongst you at your control one of the eyes of this creature. (all laugh) Okay. Write down in your inventory, "cloaker eye." This guy's not having a good day. Vax, you're up. Well, no. You resisted the fear. You have low light, so you're fine. Hits. Hits. Because it is blinded, you do have advantage on it-- not advantage; you are able to sneak attack. It's currently held aloft, grappled by the hand. It has no visual sight, currently. All right. How do you want to do this? Okay! So as the creature is flailing about in torturous pain, suddenly the dagger (fwoosh, thunk) sinks into the empty socket in the front of its face. As it does, its body tenses up and reaches out against the force of your arcane hand. You actually have to focus to keep it in place in its final death throes. All of its tension and then it falls limp within your grasp. You now have this limp creature at your disposal. As Scanlan slowly drifts over the limp body of this creature to the edge of the boat-- There is no wind in this tunnel. History's not going to do much for you. Nature is what you're going to want to do. Nature or arcana, those are the two. Roll for arcana. Yep. This creature is a cloaker. It's an aberration. It's one of those creatures that drifts over from the Far Realm, or at some point in time drifted over from the Far Realm and is an unnatural entity to this plane. They normally live subterranean. When not moving, they are nearly invisible and blend in, almost like a straight leather cloak left and discarded to the side, hence the name "cloaker." Okay. So you guys are now currently in this boat, drifting along in the open area over on that side. If you guys start heading that direction, you'll find out. Okay, as you guys are moving along, you leave a little space for Percy. It's a little unwieldy in the ship. It's hard for you to do this, so it's not going to be the best job. Fair enough. As you're plucking what you think might be interesting from this creature's body, as in the process of skinning it, you probably take a moment to realize that a normal blade is going to have a hard time cutting through its hide, so you might have to borrow one. Right, so you gain a d10 inspiration dice. Yeah, this is going to be a survival check on this. Roll survival. 17? Did you add the inspiration dice to that? You don't have to if you don't want to. Okay. 26 would make a difference. In the confined space on this ship, as you guys crest around towards the northern side of that island, you begin to move around. You can see to the right of you, there is this tunnel that filters out the side of this cavern that's just a continuation of the water, a river on the far end. You don't know where it goes. It disappears in the darkness, and you can hear in the distance the light sound of rushing water. It begins to curve about 20 feet in, so you're unable to make much past that distance, and it looks like a continuation of the water flowing through, or into; you're not quite able to tell from this distance. Percy. You manage to pull from it all the teeth in the process. So that comes to roughly 45 cloaker teeth. You don't know what that'll be worth, but you have that at your disposal. So you can write down, "45 cloaker teeth." You manage to skin most of it. You get most of the top of its hide usable. It's still wet. It'll take a while to do that, let alone in an area where it's dry on the surface. But you manage to pull most of the top of it off, so you have this wet, skinned portion of the back of the cloaker at your disposal. Okay. Make a tinker check. Well, for that, it should be dex, I believe. Plus four, because you're proficient with it. So it's your dex plus your proficiency modifier. 11? Yeah, you did. You still have the hide. In the time it takes for you to get to the beach, you don't have much material at your disposal, and to fashion anything that's on that side, the most you manage to get is a slight lift to it, and by the time you get to the beach, it just collapses on itself. Okay, it'll take you some time. It's doable, but it'll take a while. As you make your way towards the beach, Keyleth, you see in the distance in the water what looks like something slinking on the very bottom of this underground lake. Probably a good 50, 60 feet down, you can barely make out what looks like a dark form, probably about 100 to 150 feet away, and it's only because of your shark form that you're able to make out any sort of semblance of it, but it looks big, and it looks like it's slowly moving through the bottom of the lake. Doesn't seem to be moving towards you. You guys are maybe 300 feet from the beach. The creature? No, only Keyleth does. Okay, I'm going to ask Keyleth to make a stealth check in shark form. The dex bonus of a shark form is zero, so just roll a d20. Giant shark? According to here... it says one. It's a zero. Dex is 11. 17, okay. As you deftly drag the boat at just the right distance to curve around this large subterranean form, it doesn't seem to take notice, and eventually drifts far enough away where you can no longer make any sort of visual connection with its form. You make your way to the side of the beach. You drag up to the point where the ship begins to hit the gravel. You begin to move, curve to the side, and it (grinding sound) lifts up and comes to a rest at the top of the gravel beach. You guys all step off the boat. Okay, Grog, you go ahead and haul the boat up. Okay. Okay. Okay, so looking at the beach here, it's an open beach. You can see there are a few rock formations, small 15-foot-tall portions of stalagmites or stone that either have been here for a long time or have been constructed or put there to jut out of that part of the beach. But for the most part, it's just an open gravel beach that slowly comes to stop at the edge of the cavern, and there is a tunnel about 15, 20 feet wide ahead of you. Perception check? (all laugh) 16. You do not see any sort of half-submerged Statue of Liberty. My apologies. Yeah, I'd say it's probably about a good half a mile or so. Make a perception check. It's hard to tell. She seems very focused on the task at hand. Her eyes have been, for the most part, up in the air around you. Unfortunately, Grog, you don't think she's paying much mind to you at the moment because she's more concerned about keeping the group alive and where you guys are currently headed. You'll have to try harder to get her attentions. It's okay, Grog. Yeah, now that you know the idea of what to look for, for a cloaker, go ahead and make a perception check. Okay. You guys glance around and, currently looking at the walls on the exterior of this beach area, nothing matches the description of what you saw in the previous cavern. For the time being, it looks relatively safe on this part of the beach. There is a singular cave on the far end. There's a slight outcropping, and then it leads into that one 20-foot-wide cavern that goes deeper in there. Yes. You want to make a stealth check one more time? Stealth check first. 31, okay. So making your way up, you dodge from low on the side of the beach, jumping in front of these strange stone platforms, keeping in, look for cover. You make your way up against the side of a wall, begin to glance inside. Make a perception check. 19. It's pitch-black in the cavern. You have no light source, unfortunately. You have darkvision, which does help you to a certain extent. You cannot see the entirety of the cavern, but you can see about, let's say, 40 to 60 feet in. The beach gravel comes to a halt and comes to this smooth stone flooring. You don't see anything that particularly catches your attention. It looks like it has some natural change in the topography. It's not a polished floor, but it's definitely been worn over time. Okay. So as you cast Light on the arrow, it's blinding. You know at this point to close that one eye as you release it in the distance. There you go. That's the one. You fire the arrow into the depth of this cavern. Before the Light spell wears off, it arcs inward and it hits the back wall and ricochets off. Looking inside, it all looks like a natural cavern interior. The light is the same glowing white light that you're used to. Once it enters the deep part of the cave, the light almost gets a purplish hue before it's snuffed out. The white light becomes purple and then (ffft) is snuffed. At this distance, it's hard to make out any sort of source. You don't sense anything directly, at your distance. You'd probably have to get deeper in the cave to make a true assessment of the magical source. You have Pass Without a Trace now, too? Okay. Good to know. (laughs) Yes, as do a lot of you guys. All right. Tiberius's flame breath (fsssh) coalesces and begins to ignite the tip of the torch as Grog lobs it in, end over end. You see it hits the far end of the cavern, topples, and hits the ground. The fire itself, the bright red burning, as it comes to rest, takes on once again a strange purplish hue. You see nothing in particular. You catch what looks almost like small whiffs of almost a mist or a fog, but it's like, (ffft) then vanish, (shh). Almost like there's this perpetually materializing and dematerializing tufts of small clouds of smoke. You can attempt to, yeah. Okay. So Pike, as you step up to the mouth of the cave, looking where the torchlight is, you cast Dispel Magic. As you formulate your divine energy, grasping onto your symbol of Sarenrae around your neck, you can see this strange pulsing shimmer of divine energy that clears out the area. The purplish hue to the light vanishes and the light becomes a natural torchlight for a moment and all the wisps of smoke vanish... then slowly filter back into the space. It's hard to tell. You can't see the entire cavern from this distance, because the cavern opens up and then curves around. There's a whole portion you can't see without entering it. "I think we have a specific goal at this point in time, "and who knows what dangers or terrors roam these tunnels "aside from our specific directional choice at this moment." All right. You all gather yourself on the exterior of the cave. You get into defensive positions and prepare-- All right. All right, extra wisdom. So Keyleth transforms herself into her earth elemental form. It's hard to explain why, but his strange shimmy is slightly inspiring. You've learned something about yourself today that you hope nobody else wants to bring up in conversation. You get a d10 inspiration dice. Okay. So as you guys all mount into your defensive positions, Keyleth, are you going straight through? Are you going beneath, above? This large earth elemental form takes a few lumbering steps forward, and begins to sink into the sand and gravel below, just (shifting sound). The most awkward earth elemental exit ever. Grog's loud laughter bellows, echoing through the cavern. You make your way underneath the ground, using your tremor sense to formulate where the top of this cavern would be, and you poke your head through the floor. Looking into this, you can see now, there are portions of this cavern where it looks like elements of the mithril veins that the subterranean Kraghammer mines were currently pulling from seem to now spread down into this cavern. There are small veins that trickle through the rock in this cavern of mithril. You also look up and... make a perception check. This is wisdom, yep. All right, total of? 29. You take a moment and formulate your vision, the firelight still trickling through, although you have darkvision. You look about the room, and you can see there is a strange energy about the room. There's something about this room that feels similar to when you encountered the Frost Plane during the first Westruun winter's veil encounter. There's a type of energy that seems to be brought into being whenever you've caught a mind flayer shifting and bamfing out of any sort of combat you come into. There's something about this room that seems like it's crossing over or has a thin barrier with some other plane. You don't see a particular doorway, but it feels like there is a very thin veil here, and as you focus more on the vicinity, you can see what looks like little bits of energy that leak through. That mist you were seeing seems to be elements where the actual reality of this room is warping temporarily, and shifting. You take it and you throw it up. It arcs across, hits the other side of the room, and clatters to the ground. As it clatters to the ground, you suddenly see, lightning-quick, five of these large, fast-moving, slithering weird creatures that were up against the wall and now visible at this point strike at the rock and seem to start fighting each other for whatever that movement was. They're large, bluish and purple in color when it shifts in its form, with these sharp beaks and what looks like four tentacles that wrap out from the face. Make a nature check, if you want. No, this would be arcana. Arcana. This wouldn't be nature. Okay. Arcana is intellect, though. It's not wisdom, is it? Oh, you did? Oh, I see. 15. Unable to really make out more than you've heard of creatures like this. Unlike most aberrations and creatures that seem to bleed over from different planes of existence, this one is not an aberration in its form. This is just a subterranean monstrosity. It's known as a grick. Essentially, it looks like that. As they all take a moment and realize that whatever they were fighting over is not living and not moving, they hiss at each other and slowly find other alcoves and what you can now see are small caves that are dug into the rock nearby. Something draws them to this room, as any natural space with this strange, fluctuating energy would do so. It seems to be, yeah. They're not too weird. They're weird, but they're not too weird. You've seen it all. All right. After a few moments, Keyleth reappears. For a split-second, as you're doing that, you realize that laughter's probably very audible. So as you start laughing, you revert back from elemental form. Yeah, her elemental form is gone. She's now back into Keyleth's form. All right, both you guys go ahead-- well no, roll your Counterspell roll. What level is your spell? So, no, your spell just (pfft). No. He has to make a save for Silence. What's the save on that one? Right, but what's the actual save? Is it wisdom, is it intelligence? You do know that the essence of Spiritual Weapon, it creates a weapon that is partially in form with your deity's weapon of choice or preference. It's mainly melee weapons. Nothing too intricate. No, that is a Delayed-Blast Fireball, which is a higher-level spell. So the bomb that was constructed ages ago by Percy that was originally intended to put on a summoned pony. But now is finally being used. Tiberius, you approach the edge of the cavern. Make a stealth check. Right, so you would have advantage on that. Invisibility and Telekinesis are both concentration spells. You would lose your Invisibility to cast Telekinesis. A 21 total? On the first roll. Okay, got you. So as you make your way up to the edge of the cavern, you come in partially, you guide the bomb towards the back, and you lob it towards the far end. This large, awkward saddlebag-style construct of Percy's design, made of leather, metal bands, hits the back wall-- Okay. Okay. The bomb hits the wall, hits the ground, tumbles for a second, awkwardly slumps over on itself. At which point, in a blur of motion, the strange hissing sound, a bunch of momentum hits the room and you see all these creatures begin attacking it-- So. The fireball impacts the far end of the wall, where the cluster of these strange worm creatures are. It explodes with a large, blasting, echoing explosion sound. Hold your ears. Roll damage on that. All right. How much damage is that? 32 points of damage? That blasts open. Percy, roll 4d6 points of damage from the actual bomb as the fireball detonates the saddlebag simultaneously with the explosion of the fireball. Okay, all right, great. So simultaneously you guys hear (explosion noises). You can feel the sand shift and move and some part of the beach, some of the gravel moves and rocks a little bit. Pitch-black smoke comes pouring out of the cavern. You have to guard yourself. As the smoke slowly clears, you get a glance in there and you can see there are bits and pieces and chunks of grick matter across the wall and the inside of the cavern, with some gaping half-bodies of these creatures torn open from the explosion. There is nothing living and nothing moving from what you can see at the center of this cavern. The occasional (dripping sounds) chunks dripping off the ceiling. Perception check. Okay, glancing through? You can see the small tunnels that these creatures house themselves in as a defensive position. These creatures are not hunters, they're more scavengers, but they fight in packs and wait for things to find their way in. This tunnel was definitely a place where they do that to keep fed. However, this tunnel appears to be empty other than the strange phenomenon of this energy in the tunnel. Make an arcana check. 16. As you take a moment and step inside and feel the essence of it, there is no portal, there is no doorway, there is no tear. There's just a very thin veil between this plane and another. You're unable to really ascertain the nature of this energy coming through, but you're able to see there is these strange warps in reality. As you walk into this room, you look at your hands, and for a second your fingers seem to bend and go to form. As you look at people's faces, they twist and shift and then go back. You don't know if it's purely a visual thing or if matter itself is actually twisting, but it's very discombobulating being in this room for any length of time. Clarota, as he enters behind you guys, puts his hands together and goes, "This, I believe, is the veil where K'Varn stepped into the cavern." The tentacles writhe around Clarota's maw. "This is a boundary, a thin membrane "between this Prime Material Plane and elements of the Far Realm." "You wish not to do that. Your mind would break." "We have not the power to shut this down. "It is how they overlap." "I don't know." (all laugh) "We'll have to find out." "I do not know. I have not traveled the boundary myself." It's about 20, 25 feet. "Yes?" His tentacles quiver as you call his name and he looks over at you with a curious, hungry-to-be-of-service expression on his tentacled, mind flayer face. "I have not seen K'Varn with my mind or my eyes. "I've only heard of him arriving after I was cast out of my colony." Which Kima mentions again. "That. That is what we're trying to prevent making its way to the surface." "That's the Horn of Orcus." "I don't know. I'm not a scrying type." Okay, so the scribe rolls itself on top and poof, vanishes in front of you. Okay. Okay, you have a long distance you can pull on that one. You take a moment and concentrate. Not in your immediate vicinity. You do sense that across the way, on that island, there are hundreds of aberrations. Hundreds. You can't make out the details, you just sense the presence. You see clusters, you see some wandering the outskirts of the island, and the center of the island, you sense there is one very strong source of aberration-based essence. No, in the center. Clarota gives you a look and says, "Most likely, "or at least is related to the kin from the other side of the veil." "That." "Pay attention, druid." Okay. As you're doing this, Grog, Kima, who at this point as you got out of this conversation is currently rewrapping the handle of the maul that she found earlier in the cavern, stops what she's doing, glances over at Scanlan with a very stern look and goes, "Gnome, I mean no disrespect when I say, toy with my mind again "and you'll find the business end of this hammer "right up your rectum." "You've bothered me enough recently with your antics." As she does that, she motions towards your nether region. "I'd watch it." She keeps wrapping the handle of the maul. As we're taking a rest at this moment to prepare for whatever you guys want to do next. Let's take a quick restroom break for the group. Let's say about a 5-minute break if we want to just play 3 videos or so. We'll make it quick so we can get back to the game. Before we do that, all right, just a second. Things are happening. You guys are so awesome! All right, so they came in from this side. Guys, that's great. Thank you so much! Yep. Presents for your friends? 5-minute break guys, make it quick. We'll see you back here in 5 minutes. Thank you. [dramatic music] Welcome back. Break is finished. Once again, I want to remind you guys, we're just a little over 100 shirts left. If we can manage to get to 1000 in the next 45 minutes-- Shop for your buddies' birthdays-- Don't do that. Yeah, no worries, guys. So to bring this back to where we were, you guys have been puttering around after you're clearing out this cavern on the northern shore of this large cave surrounding Yug'Voril. What is your current plan of action? You guys didn't end up resting, I think. Just been preparing. You manage to make a way where the central focal point of this cavern's entrance, you manage to eventually carve all the stone to close it off. About 20 minutes of you doing this, as you're having this discussion, a small slip of parchment apparates in front of you with a flash of purplish energy. Written upon it, it says, "Tiberius, you speak of the Far Realm, "which I am quite familiar with; there are many aberrations. "However, I do not know the name K'Varn per se. "In my research, there are many things "that can fall under the description you say. "It's vague enough. "Unfortunately, I have not much to go off of. "If you had an image or a visual description of this creature "I'd be able to help, "but at the moment I have no way of giving you any more knowledge. "My apologies," and signed at the bottom. Okay. Go ahead and make another tinker check. You guys are on the beach. The island itself I'd say is about a quarter- to a half-mile away. It's hard to tell from this distance with no light source, any movement whatsoever over there, or any sound they make over there. Yes, other than the bioluminescent fungal plant life and forest that coats this side. You have no light source on that side whatsoever. And it's just faint enough where you can make out the outline of the island itself, but beyond that you have very little visual. It doesn't necessarily cling. It's more of a presence thing than it is a material clinging energy. Which you already closed off at this point in time. So you're near the edge of the wall where you've already blocked it off? Okay. So you get closer to that presence. You do have Scrying as a spell. I would say if you both expend-- if you have it prepared. Do you have scrying prepared? All right, well, we'll see what we can do. Well, see, for druids, it's not so much a spellbook more than it is just an innate nature. You have a book for your own note-taking, but the actual spell itself comes from you harnessing the divine energy of nature around you. So there wouldn't be a way that it should be able to help you in that spell, more than a slight bonus to the DC, but I'll keep that in mind. Yeah. Definitely would give inspiration. You feel inspired. It's possible. All right, then. No. You can only have one inspiration dice at any given point in time, and it's a d10. You are! So you're smiling through the spell. (laughs) All right, so, you take ten minutes to yourself to prepare the ritual. You carve out a portion of the beach where the gravel is most easy to manipulate, and you begin to set up this extensive scrying ritual. Okay. So, as you draw the circle across the portion of the gravel and stonework-- actually, this is further in the cave, so the gravel has given in to more solid stonework. You begin to carve across the ground with a small piece of charcoal that you use for your ritual drawings, this giant, runic circle. You draw points for you to sit and a point for Pike to sit as well, to help you focus in this vision. Once you've taken the ten minutes to establish all the various material components and littered it with pieces of dried animal matter, some herbs, and lit a small bowl of incense on the side to help you in this spell, you sit down, take your place. Pike, you take your place. And you begin to concentrate. You draw the essence of the nature energies around you and begin to project your vision towards the description of this dark horn, pushing what you can best ascertain is the direction of the temple from where this ritual is being conducted. All right, so. Given the circumstances... bonus from that, let's make a will save. All right. So. You feel your vision project beyond you. It's a sort of out-of-body experience as the energy that makes up Keyleth is no longer given physical form, it's just adrift in the darkness. You feel yourself drawn, pulled almost, like there's an energy that draws you as if poison from a wound. It pulls you upward, and you're looking down over the top of this entire cavern, suddenly. The darkness tends to fade for a moment, and you can make out the general outline of this island. Once again, your vision (shhh) zooms in and shifts. You can look over the city. You can see Yug'Voril over top. You can see the glowing aspects of the forest surrounding the outskirts of it. And you can see in the center of this ruined city that has been reconstructed in the image of the temple that stands. This giant pseudo-pyramid with a flattened top. You can now see it from the overhead view of this temple. It is actually open, and that strange glowing source of green energy you can see is slowly emanating from the top. Your vision is pulled forward again. You feel yourself drawn towards it, and as you come towards the top, you can see the open portion of this temple's roof is a crossbeam made of gold or brass, and there is some sort of structure hanging from it that falls deeper into the temple. You then move past this into what is the topmost chamber of this temple. It's darker at first, and as your essence tends to coalesce and find some sort of visual here, you can see now, this brass cross-beam that is held aloft in the center of this temple chamber drips down into a spiral of metal, this strange, arcane contraption that does not match any of the construct of this temple previously. It almost seems like it's been a new addition or is taking the place of something else that was a central focus of this chamber. You follow this strange arcane structure. About 15 to 20 feet it comes from the top of the temple chamber to the center, where held aloft underneath it by another 15-foot drop, you see in this dark room a pool of a dull, bluish purple liquid. And it's pulsing with life, and with energy. You now look down, your eyes focus, and in this pool, this ten, 15-foot-wide round pool, you can see this pulse, almost a heartbeat of purplish energy, what look like small purple stones. But they're not stones, they're minds. They're brains. They're essences. And they're all working together, interconnected. You're looking upon the Elder Brain of Yug'Voril, the center of the entire illithid colony that resides in the center of this chamber. You can see now this green energy that's being brought down from this metallic structure at the top of this temple is being funneled down over, and is acting as an arcane prison for, the Elder Brain. It's sealing and controlling, essentially, and what you had gathered from your previous discussions with Clarota, this is what has taken the minds of the mind flayers and bent them to K'Varn's will. Your focus shifts now from the Elder Brain, and you look around the room, and in the dark shadows of this room, you can see there are cages. There are metal bars. You're unable to really ascertain what the material is, but in each one of these small cages you see some creature. Some of this realm, some not. Horrible forms mutated, torn, some missing limbs, some in the process of slowly dying because they're unable to keep a physical form intact. It's a collection, a horrible collection of malformed entities that are being experimented on. Pulled apart, put together. This also serves as, seemingly, a laboratory for K'Varn. And you feel a presence in the room, suddenly. Your essence shifts around and you look in the darkness and you see, slowly drifting out of the shadow, a single gnarled black horn. Underneath that horn, you can see now the physical form that it adorns dark brown leathery skin with slightly pointed edges, almost like scales that form out of portions of this flesh. You see below this horn one large, piercing, sky-blue eye that glances up and meets your gaze. As it does, from beneath that eye, you see a toothy maw tear into a wide grin. And around the outskirts of the singular eye, numerous other eyes (whoosh whoosh) shift around. Coming into the light, you see now a fleshy ball that is drifting in the air itself under its own physical form. This aberration, this horrible entity is now floating forward. You can see metal plates that are grafted to the physical body of this creature. Apparently K'Varn has experimented on itself. These eyes are attached to strange finger-like stalks that twist out of its body. These eyes, darting around the room, looking at different directions, and then they all (whoosh) singularly shift on you at once. As it does, you can feel, all of a sudden, your presence, which has been drifting through the scrying spell, locked in place. And for a second, you feel like you can't breathe. As K'Varn presses towards you, this fleshy sphere of eyestalks and teeth, this small chuckle billows up deep within its mouth. "(chuckles) So, guest. "Do you like my home? "You're welcome any time." At which point, the horn seems to glow with this creepy greenish energy, and you feel this piercing pain blast into your head. You try and scream, but you can't. There's no breath. Go ahead and make a wisdom saving throw. No, because that's a concentration spell. Keyleth is sweating profusely, and you can see she's flinching. All right. So? 27. All right. Good. You take 11 points of psychic damage and are thrust out of the scry spell. Your vision is pulled out of the top of the temple and suddenly you're back in your form as a sharp pain hits you across the side of the head. Vax is holding you. It's not a beam, but you do see a slight green glow at the top of the temple in the distance. You saw it when you first entered, and it's been this dull beacon as you traveled around this island. That's a beholder. I'll give you a detailed description. Essentially, this pyramid comes to a top and then flattens up at the very top. Where you would expect there to be a flat surface is instead, essentially, a windowed opening. You don't think it's purely open like you could just jump through. There is some sort of glass that coats it, but there is a brass cross-beam at the very top, and then part of this cross-beam holds aloft this strange series of metallic wires that spiral and intertwine that serves as a conical focus piece. You can't see the interior of it. Essentially a slow beehive. At this point, as you guys look over at Clarota, you see Clarota, for the first time in a while, looks visually disturbed. Has withdrawn from the group and is leaning against the side of the beach cavern wall and the tentacles that normally slowly twirl are all tensed and pulled up into a knot. "That K'Varn is "of this new creature, a beholder, "and carries this horn that Lady Kima has spoken of. "It's a great danger. Also, keep in mind "the temple is not made of average stolen metals. "This is the center of the Elder Brain. We reinforce it with magical protection. "It's the center of our entire species' knowledge. "Every brain in there is our elders'. As we pass to the next generation, "our mind is brought and introduced to the Elder Brain. "We have that room protected from simple acids. "We must make sure we are ready." "No. It was open before. "There seems to be some sort of new focus K'Varn has constructed." "I do not know. "But if I've seen anything of the nature of this insidious creature, "I would say, plan for the worst. "Nothing is more terrifying "than underestimating a beholder." Then Kima says, "The key is here is not to think how to fight him head-on. "We have to be smart about this. "While he has the home turf, we have the element of surprise. "We choose the grounds in which we attack, "and we choose the methods in which we set the battlefield." "I highly doubt he's going to leave his home turf. "But if we can find a way to perhaps turn it against him "or use it to our advantage. "Maybe some reconnaissance. I don't know." "I don't know!" That's up to you. You can attempt it once a day, and once it works, it can't be done for another week. In some way. Essentially, you formulate how you want your deity's aid. And if you succeed-- you have a 10% chance of success-- in some divine way, Sarenrae will guide power or aid to you. I would say your materials are very limited. Clustered mainly in the city region. At this distance, it's hard to make out any sort of visual. Not at once, no. Clarota can just hover. You can have him alongside the carpet. So Percy, you're on the boat as well? "I could, but the time required would be months, weeks. "Not in our timeframe, I believe." To the bottom of the carpet? Okay, go ahead and make a roll. 16. Easy enough to do. All right, so you take a little bit of your thick, heavy leather thread, the stuff that you use for something, and you loosely attach it to the bottom of the carpet. So, as Grog's pulling along-- make an athletics check, by the way. You guys are-- All right, so. You pull it across. It's a slow speed, but you're making your way. I would also like Grog to make a stealth check. 29 stealth. As you're very carefully breaking the water's surface-- Okay, so as you guys make your way across the channel towards the far end of the island, which is the beach that's in view, you see the water disturbed slightly about 200 feet off to the right. Something deep below. You can see bubbles rising up. As you carefully make your way, ever so quiet, across to the beach, you find purchase. Landfall hits you on the other side of the beach, apparently not disturbing whatever lies beneath the surface. Okay, so you pull the boat up. The rest of you guys bring the carpet over. You come to a landing part, totally fine. The beach comes to a steep incline that leads up onto the island proper. There's cliffs on both sides of this beach, and as the incline increases up about maybe 500, 600 feet from where you are, you can see what looks like a few buildings or rubble of what was a small gathering of structures. What you're seeing now is this. You do see, towards the right of those structures, those fungal-based trees. They rise about 25, 30 feet in the air. There's no leaves. It's almost like a cluster of weird fungus-like vines that drift from the top surface, and the trees unnaturally sway in place, almost like they have a rhythm to their movement. Really nasty Dr. Seuss trees. Clarota says, "No, those trees merely exist on this island. "They feed off of the essence of it "and they provide food for other things that live here." "Wandering spores." "Other creatures." "We feed our captives, our slaves of the colony, "with the fungal essence of the tree." "The trees are not dangerous, but whatever resides on this island "is probably under the influence of the Elder Brain. "And my people, which are in turn under the influence of K'Varn." "Small, sightless rats. Cavern insects. "But the dangers lie in the spores that wander the forests." "You'll know when you see it." "Spiny." "Drifting." It's a psychic discussion. He looks at you and gives you a stern look. Takes the ale from you. "I have no need for such false sustenance." All right. Go ahead and make a nature check. All right. 16 on nature? Okay, from a safe distance, you look at it. The trees do not appear to be anything beyond a subterranean forest. Fungal trees. Oh, you wanted to go over and collect some? Okay. It's quite a ways up. It's up the side of the cliff. It's up an incline, and the forest starts adjacent to the structure where they're going. So you can make a stealth check to make your way there, if you'd like. No, most of the forest starts further up this incline as the island itself begins to level off. All right. 28 for stealth. You get advantage on your roll. What did you roll? With advantage? All right. So. You guys make your way towards this ruin, and as you come to it, you caught a small glimmer of it on the bridge that was constructed across the first beach you came across in this cavern. The stonework is interesting. It's almost like an influx of jade and marble. The stone itself does not seem to be anything you've seen naturally around the cavern; either it was brought here or was crafted from some substance that resides on this island. But it has this weird green jade, marble, almost... vein-like visual to it. And you notice all the structures aren't straight and smooth. Everything has this slightly non-Euclidean bend to it. Every edge has a slight curve. It's off-putting. There isn't a rigidity to any of these walls, and the buildings themselves almost seem to sag, or they sit or rest at a strange, unnatural angle. Many have been long-crumbled, and you find some of these buildings have fallen in on themselves. You do notice, as you approach the edge of it, there is a large, circular structure. A pit that is built central to this. Parts of the wall have fallen in, but for the most part still remains intact, and in the center of this pit, on the floor, you can see what looks like splotches of dried crimson, long-left blood splatters of some sort of creature. You see dried bones, but the bones, while dried, have some sort of fungus growing on them. You also see what looks to be, tucked against one of the walls, a campsite. But a very large campsite. The fire pit is 15 feet wide and is just a small cinder. You see what looks to be a pile of furs. There is actual embers in the fire pit. There looks to be a large bedroll made of patchwork furs, but the pile itself is huge. Three times, even, which means it houses a lot of individuals. As you're taking this look, too, as you guys are having this visual, you-- Well. You immediately hear a sound. It's a slight rumble in the ground and what sounds like a footfall, and as you glance over your shoulder, you can see what looks to be some sort of towering humanoid dragging something behind it. It glances up with its nose in the air (sniffs). "Who goes there?" And you look to see what looks large, almost goliath-like bald, skin is smooth, no hair, but its skin is purplish in color. Where a normal giant would stand naturally, it's horribly hunched, like its back has a horrible scoliosis twist to it. One giant popping yellow eye glances out towards the edge of where you guys are. It doesn't seem to have found any of you immediately, but something has alerted its attention; it seems to have caught some sort of trail in its natural homestead. You see it standing probably close to 15, 20 feet in height as it begins lumbering up (krsh krsh krsh) towards you. All of you were stealthed as well. You can make an insight check. You don't see him. All you guys are staying back at the beach while they're checking. 17? This entity looks like it's hungry, it looks malicious, and looks like it's caught the thrill of the hunt, since it seems to have seen something near its homestead moving. As it begins to step forward, it drops whatever it's holding behind it. And that is where we're going to leave tonight's session. (all groan) Yeah. What are you doing, man? Oh, that's much easier. In theory. All right. Guys, let's get some of these read off. So. Kurt Cole donated $100 to 826. (all cheer) Browncoat2511 also donated $100. "Thanks for inspiring our friends to finally play D&D with us. "I'm donating as a gift for my wife, Lauren." "For her 30th birthday. She's an avid reader, "our D&D group's bard, and a big fan of the show." All right. ZandorInvictus donated $75 to 826. "#LessThanThree you guys. Excited that a week from today "I get to play my first game in like 7 years. "Hope to do as well as you guys." That's awesome! Zandor, have fun. Zofer donated $25. "Many thanks for all the time and effort you put into making Critical Role." Well, thank you guys for watching it. We're glad you guys like it. TFdiggs donated 20 bucks. "So nice. Had to pick up the shirt twice." Aww. Good man. "Always look forward to having all the loins girded "and all the violence encouraged. Thank you for being awesome." Sure. That's so awesome! You guys are ridiculous. Thank you guys so much. It's the best audience ever. You guys are amazing. Speaking of which, I've got to put the cloak on. What?! SAM AND All right. Hold on. Okay. Burgtorp, 50 bucks. Awesome. "I've been wanting to play my druid dwarf after watching your show, "but no DM or other player will likely satisfy me "after all you guys' and gals' in-game acting. Speaking of druids, is Keyleth half-elf or elf? "The overlay shows elven. Love from Sweden." You're half-elf. We've got to fix that. We just need to fix that in the opening. Gil Ramirez! 10 bucks. "Hey guys, so glad to have met you at Ren Faire." Oh, hey! What's up, Gil? (all cheer) Kavemtg. "First time watching live after obsessively consuming the videos for 2 weeks. Fuck time difference." Yeah. (all laugh) Not a bad idea. We talked about doing it for the channel going forward, so keep an eye on that. This is really warm. I'm putting the hood down. Electricidolon. 20 bucks. "Back again this week. Got a shirt this time, too. "Thank you for giving me something amazing "to look forward to every week, guys. "Need a Critical Role animated series. For serious." I agree. That'd be cool. Exactly. Electricidolon. That's awesome! You have Christmas on lock! Why are you guys so awesome? Oh my god. Okay, NorSarah. Four bucks. Awesome. "I would like to rage! Or donate, in this case. "I love your show. It's my most favorite thing in the world. "I'm joining my own D&D group because of it." "Thanks for sharing your adventures with us. Heart. "And remember, Keyleth fish are friends, not food." G1bigdaddyheft. 25 bucks. "TV shows can't come close "to the epic power of Critical Role Thursdays. "As always, thank you all for coming together "and sharing your adventure with us "and inspiring so many people to begin our own." Thank you, guys. That's amazing. Argh. Mahidal, who I've met on the Minecraft servers. Awesome. Donated five bucks. "Oh man, the Critical Role crew, "you remember that time we all went to Ancient Rome "and they had pizza and lasers? "And then we found out the Doctor was there "and someone had messed with the timeline? "That was a good day, and we all escaped!" (all laugh) You did. All right, theinfragable donated 50 bucks. "Long time watcher, first time subber and donator. "This show is awesome. You guys are awesome. "Literacy and imagination is awesome, "and I'll keep doing song parodies for all the characters. "Here's $5 per episode." You've been doing all the song parodies? Those are awesome! Keep them coming. Those are awesome. We had the link sent to us. He did song parodies for Grog and Scanlan. We go home after each game and we're up till 3am going like, "(gasp) favorite, favorite, favorite..." It's bad. It's a problem. All right, we have Killer88D, donating ten bucks. That's awesome, thank you so much. Joe Curr, 20 bucks. "I now look forward to Thursdays more than I do Fridays." TALIESIN AND "It's a great show and it introduced me to D&D. "I'm enthralled. Much love, much hugs. #TeamTrinket." Thank you so much! MisSkeMeDe, 20 bucks. "You're all such talented voice actors and are fantastically entertaining. "Thanks for providing me "with such an incredible introduction to D&D. Less than 3." Thanks, you're awesome. AxisOfAnarchy. Hello, what's up! "So I thought I would start my birthday celebration two days early "so I could celebrate with all of you. Less than three. "Rachel Steiner aka AxisOfAnarchy." Rachel, Happy Birthday! She's been updating the Reddit page with all the episode links. She's been great from the beginning. So thank you, Rachel. Happy Birthday! Cerulean Kestrel donated $50. Might be an NPC coming forward. "For my younger brother David, who graduates college tomorrow. "I admire you and everything you've achieved so far. "Also, Critical Role is a blast to watch. "Thanks to Matt Mercer and crew for a great show "and thank you, David, for introducing me to it." Congrats on your brother's college graduation. That's great! Scottydsntknw8? Oh, "Scotty Doesn't Know It." Ah, here we go. That's... very good. That's an AOL email waiting to happen. "Thanks for the show. "Really, it's one of the bright points in my life right now." That's awesome! Thank you for watching, buddy. We do. DressHawk, 30 bucks. "Every little helps, I hope." And it does. And the 826 is going to get such a check from us. WeeklyFactoids donated 5 bucks. "Another good week, Vox Machina. "Travis, I still need the specs so I can start working on the cosplay." "Also, Liam, the knife is done. "I just have to finish Laura's bear statue. "Less than three, a Critical Role cosplayer." Apparently! (all laugh) If someone ends up making a Sarenrae holy symbol for you... WeeklyFactoids. That's awesome. Well done! Thank you so much. Timeout9288, 15 bucks. "Love you guys. My friends and I are totally starting D&D "for the first time with your inspiration. "Also, Travis Willingham, "Gazlowe is one of my favorite Heroes of the Storm heroes." He's not quite as good as Rehgar. And none of us are as good as Jaina or Illidan. That's so awesome. WoodyFoun donated a thousand dollars. (all cheer loudly) Eat lightsaber, jerk. Shomzer donated 25 bucks. "Slowly fell in love with everyone in this D&D group. "Keep it up, guys. This is something I look forward to weekly "and it's incredibly entertaining." Negging? Slowly fell in love. No! Yeah. To be fair, we're a bunch of weird folks on Twitch. It takes a little getting used to us. I am. Thank you, guys. SeekerPentegan, I think it is. Ten dollars. "Started watching Critical Role because of Laura and Travis, "stayed because you're all great. "Thanks for brightening up my Friday mornings. "I'm from Germany, so the stream starts at 4 am for me. "It's totally worth it to get up so early for you guys." That's amazing! There you go. Lukegoodatstuff, 20 bucks. "I didn't expect Critical Role to be my favorite show on the channel, "but here we are. Less than three you all. "It's been a fun ten episodes. Looking forward to many more." Locomotive also donated $1,000-- (all cheer) Yeah, we're going to get photos when we present them with the check and we're going to do a whole thing. I do want a novelty check for when we finally get these donations over. We're going to draw pictures on it. Arislan donated $50. That's awesome! "Happy tenth episode, hope you enjoyed your cake." Aw, thank you guys! "The only thing better is your support of 826LA "and I hope my small contribution helps." It really does. Thank you so much. Splattercat, 25 bucks. "Hey guys, day one subscriber. "When I first heard about Critical Role it sounded too good to be true, "and even after ten episodes it still kind of is. "You guys are all awesome, "and I will continue to support Critical Role and Geek & Sundry "as long as we all exist." As long as we all exist. All right, aranax06, $20. "Thanks for your amazing performance." Thank you for your amazing donation. TristanDunman, five bucks. "Huge fan of Critical Role "and just super inspired by all you talented actors. "Starting my own group soon "and using the power of my art to make it as awesome as possible. "Thanks again, everyone. Tristan." Thank you, Tristan. And ridlich, ten dollars. "Subbed the first day "I witnessed the awesomeness of Critical Role. "Such a great channel. Starting a campaign this weekend "with a thrown-weapon fighter inspired by Vax and his daggers. "Keep up the great work." (all cheer) Yeah. Hang out for a short time. We'll be right back. Indeed. Thank you so much. More than a thousand. You guys are amazing. I can't even. All right, are we on? Hey, guys! Thank you so much for being ridiculous. We're glad you guys all tuned in, and are still tuning in to our show, let alone the support for the shirts. The support for the charity has been-- I think I speak for all of us-- unbelievable, and we're so blessed and excited that we have such amazing friends and viewers out there. You guys are the most amazing fanbase for any show I've ever had. So thank you. You guys earned this, most definitely. I'm willing to stay as long as we need. I know some people have families they've got to get back to. How many shirts were sold by the end of it? Last I checked, we were at 1,032. The shirts are still available for another week. It says, "pan main camera up." (all laugh) It's saying the banner's cutting off heads in the back. Who wants to pick a question and run with it? Over the course of the first major arc of their campaign, every town they went to, there seemed to be this recurring theme of children disappearing, so they kept trying to follow this thread and asking around, and these kids kept vanishing, and the one common thread they were discovering was, shortly before each kid disappeared, they began playing with a new kid who had long black hair and golden eyes. And then they would disappear within a week of playing with that child. Towards the end of the campaign, during a celebration, after they managed to save the city of Emon, they looked over and found that the Sovereign Uriel's child was talking to this black-haired, golden-eyed child. So the party, in the middle of a platform, grandstand, bowing before the townspeople, they just pulled their weapons out and jumped off after this child, who grabbed the sovereign's son and pulled him into this pocket dimension. What it turned out to be was this entity, which is a variation of the Dread Emperor, for those who are familiar with that character. The Dread Emperor had created this pocket dimension world, this giant bramble forest that surrounded a gothic castle where it existed. This weird, messed-up individual brought children there because it loved to be around their innocence and their naivety, their sense of play. Yeah. It was messed up. But once the children got too old, they were no longer useful, so he killed them and put them in a basement. So the party gave chase, they fought their way to the castle, and they discovered that what was dangerous about fighting this Dread Emperor in his library was it was wearing golden armor, and attached to this armor via four chains were four children by collars, and if anyone attacked him directly, he shared the damage he took with the children. However, you guys started attacking the chains with your weapons, and you were doing enough damage during the first few rounds to save most of the kids. You broke the kid's neck. That's what happened. The vine wrapped around his body and it broke his neck because he was still attached. You just grabbed the kid. Trinket plushies would be amazing. I would love to expect those at some point in the future. I'd like that. That would be cool. As far as writer's block? Good music. I have a number of playlists, where if I'm having a problem, I just close my eyes and listen to good music. A lot of soundtracks. I find Elder Scrolls soundtrack is great. Stuff like that. Gets my mind going. Someone asked if the group would ever do Hot Pepper Gaming. MATT AND There are plans in place for most of us to partake. I don't know if everyone will, but some will. Yeah, so that will be fun. Everyone's ten now, I think. It's a Q&A. (laughs) What is your alignment? You should look at your sheet. Okay. It's not so much required to be lawful, like the older editions are, but it depends on the deity you chose. I'm still keeping an eye on your actions in the game. That crack in your thing is still there. We'll see how it plays out. That was really good. Come in, buddy. That's a long question. Training to be an actor, and then pursuing the opportunities. Whole different character. Yeah, I can see that a little bit. I was a ham. Oh, yeah, you were a child actor. You're like, "oh, I was working with Spielberg when I was six." As a note, guys. For those of you that have seen Mr. Mom? The little kid with the woobie? Yeah, that would be amazing. If anyone out there wants to make it a comic book, that would be great! Someone asked, how did we all get into D&D? High school, for me. For most everyone else, this. Yeah. This is Liam's fault. It happens. Hold on. Yeah. Awesome. Question "how do we send you shit?" Talk to Overlord. Small boxes of shit. DM the Overlord for where to send your boxes full of fecal matter. (laughs) I know. Real fast, a note to all you guys, because Travis and Laura have a vacation planned in two weeks. Depending on where we are in the game, if the party's about to go in to fight K'Varn and then they have to leave the following week, we might actually take a week off and instead do a three-hour hangout and answer questions, and I might go over teaching people how to play the game, because we don't want to do a boss fight without two of our party. So just as a heads-up, that might be something that happens. We'll figure it out. (laughs) As Trey? "I hope you've enjoyed your game tonight, "and if you have any questions, please feel free "to put them on the screen. Thank you." Me and Marisha met-- a mutual friend of ours was putting together a sketch-writing group-- this was years ago. Those never pan out. Not in L.A. But we met there, we harbored secret crushes for about a year, and then when we reconnected a little over a year later, I was out of a relationship, and she was just getting out of one, and we both started talking again. And then eventually we were like, "Hey, this is cool. We should do this." Yeah. It was for Damnation, the CG movie. Yeah. I do. It doesn't happen often. At all. But that's okay. I'll have the opportunity. (laughs) "Do you guys have backup characters rolled "for when you get TPK'd?" That's really cute. That would be interesting. Yeah, we're going to have some fun people jumping in for a few weeks here and there. Because you're doing it right! I love Vin Diesel. We're working on Hardwick. A lot of the people you guys have mentioned, we're actually talking to. I'm going to talk to Nathan, I'm going to talk to Chris-- We don't know if they're available. Dame Judy Dench? Yeah. Yeah. I think he still doesn't to know what to make of it. Really? Because my first conversation with him about it was very brief and very much like, "Cool." I was like, "Okay..." Probably. Yeah, we'll drag him in it sometime. Danny Sexbang, yeah. Yeah, you stopped the fight. It was amazing. (laughs) There are artifacts that can do similar effects, yes. Like soul transfers and stuff like that. Probably try that guy in something. Oh, this is a good question. "What if a party member dies? "Do we have to scratch out the name on the shirt?" You're welcome to. It's a possibility. There are magics that can, through challenge, reverse death, but death is definitely a possibility and permanent death is definitely a possibility. It's probably going to happen. What's what? You don't know that. You have no clue what their alignments are. Nearly. Ashley almost died permanently. Yeah. Yeah, Yuri's probably going to come in at some point soon. Yeah, he guested once before the show. As Ghost Fist, the dwarven monk. You guys have seen them, but they're very rare in this setting. At least in this part of the world, tieflings are super rare. You haven't encountered them much yet. Yet. If you're brand new to the game? Fighter's pretty easy. I personally would say paladin or ranger are fun because you can taste a little bit of magic but you're also combat-based. It's a nice introduction to how all things work, and the magic is a slow build. You don't get it immediately, so at level one, you're just a melee guy-- or combat guy-- and eventually, you start getting abilities. I think the hybrid classes are good for that. Someone else asked before, how often do players interact with their personal stories? Occasionally. There hasn't been much room for that since everyone's been underground for this entire run, but there are personal stories happening in the world and I'm sure they will come up as things progress, as well. They have in the past, and they're going to again. They're incredible. That was a great photoshop. I think Kit's artwork, we're using as the basis of the official art, but you're welcome to create whatever you want going forward. Yeah. Do you write a synopsis for previous ventures? Actually, the synopsis for each episode is on the Geek & Sundry website underneath the episodes, so it'll tell you what happens in that episode underneath. Just go to geekandsundry.com. He writes them all. Yeah. So simple. His birthday. Aw. No. Best and worst D&D memories. Yeah, there's no pre-planning. Someone asked why do I treat ones as regular failures instead of flops? Because I run my campaigns pretty hard, and I think if 1s were critical fails the classic way, we would have TPK'd by now. Because in some rule sets, when you roll a one, it's a serious-- I like treating it as no matter what you're doing, you fail, regardless. No matter what your bonus is, you fail. I think that's enough. In old campaigns I used to run, if you rolled a one attacking somebody, your weapon would go flying across the room and you'd fall on the ground. Or if you were trying to lift a boulder, the boulder would fall and crush you and you're dead. Which can be fun for certain games, but for this-- For this, there's enough challenge where I think we don't need any more reasons. If it's funny and it makes sense-- if it's a difficult challenge and you roll a one, there might be some drawbacks to a failure in that case, but I don't think it's a consistent thing I need to do. Yeah, so the Dread Emperor had maybe three or four hit points left. People were hurt on the ground. It was this epic confrontation. Yeah, he's never killed anything. He pulls out his blade and just goes for an attack and we're all like, "Yes, go!" And he rolls a one, and it's him charging towards him, blade in the air. "You son of a bitch!" Running. Dread Emperor just side-steps. Scanlan goes flying-- Loses his balance, crashes through a three-story-high stained-glass window in the back end of this library, out into a bramble bush, with all the glass tumbling onto him and is like, "Ow." On the ground. It was pretty great. No Holds Bard. I like that. Someone asked, do I fudge my rolls? No, because at that point it becomes too weird. If you don't stick to at least what roll is there, then you lose the essence of fate, and I think that's what makes it fun for me. It makes it scary because then I don't know what's going to happen. (laughs) It's going to be fun. The very first game we played, you all had come together as individual mercenaries in the city of Stillben, which is a swamp town on the far eastern side of this continent. You all, for your own reasons, had come there because you needed money, you were trying to establish some way of making your skills useful, and there was a job board, and all of you came together in a tavern, saw there was a posting, and you decided to combine forces and try it out. That's how that started. And then they met Percy along the way. In a prison in the Umbra Hills. Yeah, Scanlan. I'll try to make it quick. In what was the final boss battle for the first arc, they were going towards the center of the city because a glabrezu, a treachery demon, had infiltrated the Sovereign Uriel, the king of the area, and his family. Filled their bodies with shades as opposed to their souls. They managed to recover the family, but they got into a conflict with the glabrezu, and as the fight was ensuing, Pike got too close, the glabrezu took a swipe at her, and rolled a critical hit, and did enough damage to bring her to death instantly. So mid-fight, went down. The whole party froze. Your constitution score. It was awful. It wasn't just like she fell and died. The glabrezu has giant pincers. Grabbed her by the torso, lifted her up, and then snapped her in half, essentially. And they had to recover both halves of her. That was over a year ago. No, it wasn't a year. Almost a year. I definitely have ideas to keep the campaign going past level 20 and to epic or mythic stages. I would like to, if it goes that long. We shall see. I'm not a character. Well, that's cheating. That's one of my favorite deterrents. You avoided essentially what would have been a throwdown with the entire thieves' guild of Emon by bluffing your way-- By pulling out a silver star-- And convincing them that you were part of the customs department. Gilmore. You guys haven't met Gilmore yet. They haven't seen Emon yet. That's a good question, which Laura should answer. What kind of dice do you all use, and what do you do with bad dice? (crack up) The Dice God. I did see a question someone asked. Who has the most magical items? Tiberius. Tiberius is a hoarder. Someone asked who has the most magical items. I like that. The name of the one true dice god is RNGesus. For random number generator. That's great. Hufflepuff. You're a Slytherin. Hufflepuff! Love this guy here. Look at all the hearts. Has Pike tried healing? (laughs) She heals quite a bit. It's been awesome. I've seen this a bit. Advice for first-time DMs. I'll give a bunch of that if we end up doing the week off, but quickly, I would say, improvisational classes help tremendously, but being able to think on your feet. Be open to players being creative. Don't always shut people down. It's not you against them. It can be, but I like to think of it more open. You can let them try whatever they come up with, but depending on how elaborate or how ridiculous it is, it might be really hard to happen. And let them fail spectacularly, because it makes a great story. Build out a sheet of a bunch of fantasy names in case they go to a place or meet an NPC you weren't expecting. Then you can just pick a name and make something up on the spot about it and take notes afterward. It's how I used to do it. I wouldn't know where people would go and I'd have a whole list of names and I'd be like-- Kind of. But I still have to pick out of random places sometimes, depending on what you guys do. Most of it does. I write a lot of it up, but there are moments where you have to pull out of the ether because players go this way and you're like, "Uh... all right, "let's see where this goes." But have fun. Learn the rules well because everyone's going to look to you for rules. Have fun. Let players play. Let them be creative. And let them succeed or fail spectacularly. A few times. I tend to prepare pretty openly and loosely so I can have some realm of understanding where you guys are going. Yeah, that was-- Yeah. Yep. A lot of that was pulled out of my ass. Yeah, same time. Intrigue! Let a girl keep her secrets. I did not start with Newgrounds Voices, but I have been watching Newgrounds since late 90s. Oh, the Chick tracts. Enjoy your boxes, buddy! It was better for a group this size. I think Pathfinder with eight players becomes too weighed-down with floating modifiers, and it becomes very difficult to keep fluid. It's fine if you're a bunch of friends at home playing for eight hours, but when you're playing in front of an audience of thousands on the internet every week, we have to use a system that makes combat go a lot quicker, so 5th Edition was the way to go. There's your emote, Laura. Yeah, you guys rolled really well. Taking out the abyssal abomination. Yeah, I forgot about that. No, you guys would start a level behind the rest of the group. The detriment to it is you would be a level lower. That is the drawback of dying or losing a character, is you would be a level or a half-level behind the rest of the party. It's possible. You guys all know it. We all knew it going in. I'm not going to hold that back. I'm not going to be Marvel in this bitch, okay? I'm not going to be like, "oh, death. "I can take it back any time, and it doesn't matter anymore." No. There are. It's harder to do in the Underdark. There aren't so many traps or timed circumstances. I like the hourglass for certain circumstances that have a very definite time limit, and I do think up what the challenge is, what type of skills would work, or let the players come up with creative ways that they can apply their skills to a situation to succeed, and I figure out, loosely off the 4th Edition rules, where I have number of successes vs number of failures in that period of time, and if they don't manage to do it in that time period, it's a failure. I think it's fun. It builds the tension, and the party goes, "oh, shit! We've got to do this now!" I love it. Hourglass is awesome. Mansions of Madness. Yeah. Which is awesome. How do I handle experience leveling in this game? At certain milestones, when characters have a chance to rest-- have a breather or sleep for the evening-- then that's when experience is divvied out for the next session. Characters don't level in the middle of a battle, or anything, but I keep track of it, usually on a session by session basis, and if there's a moment of rest, then people can level up. I also saw a question, when did Percy build the Bad News, and how long did it take? Four or five months. In-game. Yeah. How is Critical Role going, compared to how you envisioned it? One of our biggest fears when this thing came to our attention, when Geek & Sundry contacted us, was we didn't want it to change the game for us. We did this together for fun. We enjoyed it, and it was just a wonderful thing for us for two years. And so our biggest fear was it changing that dynamic, and so we tried to be very careful that we didn't alter how we played, and didn't change the format, really, other than having cameras. Just a little more distance. There's been very little change, except we have other people now that we don't have to spend hours telling them, "oh, what we do is we play this, and this is what happened." You guys already know because you watched it, and it's awesome. Yeah, he's proficient with a tinkering kit, essentially, so it's a proficiency bonus on top of that, and what it will be is, he'll tell me or describe to me the schematics of what he's trying to build and what materials he has at his disposal, or ask me what he needs for it-- So if he has the materials, I'll tell him how expensive it is, or how to get the materials, and he attempts the roll. If he fails, wastes all the materials. It's a complete waste. If he rolls decent, it's functional, for the most part, but the thing with tinkering is it doesn't always quite work how you want. If he rolls really well, then it's pretty damn good. At the workshop. The keep has a workshop for him. Yep. Congratulations, buddy. Totally. It's not overwhelming. It's really cool. It's good to know there's people out there that have any interest in Dungeons & Dragons. I grew up an indoor kid. I was not quite sure if I could tell people I play this game, and now people are much more open to the idea, like, "oh, Dungeons & Dragons!" It used to be like, "you play D&D? What the shit?" Now it's, "you play D&D? What's it like?" It's much more open. It's great. Thanks for coming! Yeah. Thanks for staying, Sam! Sam's got to run back to his family. All right, so we'll get a few more questions here, and then we'll go ahead and close it on this, guys. No, I feel the same way. Oh, look at all the Ashley hearts. Someone asked about the PewDiePie thing. What it was like DMing for him and Ken? It was fun. They were great. They were a lot of fun. We only had half an hour to play, both for me to teach them and to play through a session, so it was a very new challenge of, "all right, let's do this!" Dungeons & Dragons. But it worked out pretty well. We had a good time and left on a cliffhanger, and as long as they want to keep bringing me back to do it occasionally, I'm happy to, so let them know that you enjoyed it and they should have me back, because it was a good time. Just keeping the balance. That's going to be great. Two quick questions I want to answer real fast, when you're done. One how did I get into dungeon mastering? By having a really terrible dungeon master. Yeah. Really nice guy in high school. My first couple of games I ever played, and he was just terrible, and he had a player character in the group that was a paladin but also a samurai, and he gave him all the best magical equipment and would fight party members. It was awful. I got frustrated, so I bought the books myself and learned to do it on my own. I've been doing it ever since. What was that? I forgot what the other one was. Humans are pretty awesome. (laughs) Forever. Okay. If I could play a character, it would be a dwarf. Probably a dwarf bard. I love dwarves so much. Marisha, want to give us an example? (crack up) Oh, that's awesome. Thank you, Liam. Thank you, chat. Or be one. That's not true. It's communal storytelling. You forge memories with friends. It's a really cool improvised story that you all create together. (laughs) LAURA AND You guys were amazing. Thank you so much. There you go. Guys, thank you all so much. Sincerely, for watching, for being amazing, and for tuning in to enjoy our silliness.