Hello everyone, and welcome back to Critical Role! We've had a two-week hiatus due to illness and traveling, but we're back, and we're a little late today because of traffic in Los Angeles, which is always a pleasurable experience. It was good times! We love you, Steve! You did great! But no, so, we're happy to be here, we missed you guys, we missed each other, and the rest of our team just arrived as well. We've got a Sam, and we've got a Liam coming in right now. So, let's go ahead and knock these announcements out so we can get this game started. So, first and foremost, I want to let you guys know that Tor Books has been nice enough to help sponsor tonight's episode of content, so you guys have seen announcements and stuff for their new book, Bands of Mourning, which we had at the last game, you being a Brandon Sanderson fan for a long time. So it's good, good stuff. I've been perpetually prodded about whether or not that's me on the cover. It's not, but if they ever option it for a film it is. Well, see, there we go. Read the books, then write a screenplay, then get it optioned, and then cast me. Yeah, so, Bands of Mourning. Thank you, Tor, for taking an interest in our little show, and I hope you guys take an interest in their awesome books. So, have fun! Next up, announcements, me and Marisha want to give a big shoutout and thanks to Kaizoku Con in Ireland. We had a wonderful time meeting a bunch of you Critters over there on the green isle. Dude! They were out in force! It was amazing! It was really, really cool. So thank you guys for all coming out and visiting us. (laughs) Because we got a lot of it when we were there. Let's see, next up, I want to give a thanks to Syrinscape again. I'm going to be incorporating Syrinscape's audio programming into sessions in the near future once we get everything ironed out from my list setup, but they're an awesome program you should check out to help you run audio for your tabletop gaming experiences. It has built-in soundboards and music tracks. It's really, really cool, so I recommend you check them out. Also, I want to give a big thank-you to Dwarven Forge. We had a Critter in the past send me a bunch of dungeon tiles, and I myself had backed previous Kickstarters of theirs, and just recently got all my city builder stuff, and have more that they sent me that may be showing up on the stream in the near future, to help make battle maps and things look a lot cooler and more three dimensional, so I'm excited about that. They also have a really amazing Kickstarter that just went up last week called the castle builder, where now Dwarven Forge allows you modular pieces where you can build and customize your own castle pieces for your game at home, and it looks ridiculous! So, if that's something that interests you for your home games, go check out Dwarven Forge's Kickstarter for the castle builder. Looks pretty fricking rad. I've already given them way too much money for it. Also, for those of you who have tried out the Order of the Lycan for my Blood Hunter build, I did an update last night. Minor tweaks. Basically, just clarifying some of the rules for dex builds, as well as some minor balance adjustments, but go check it out! Beyond that, all the feedback's been really positive. I don't foresee any major tweaks in the near future, so that's good. Marisha, you wanted to pitch your new show that's coming out here? Perfect. We'll have that video at the break today. Let's see. Huzzah. Laura, you have something you just got a chance to talk about recently. Monster Lab on Kickstarter. Ah yes. Taliesin, you had something you wanted to go through? And Liam, you said you wanted to--? This is what happens when we're gone for two weeks, we have to cram all of our backup, like, catchup announcements and little friend-bumps there at the front. So Waze, if you're looking to throw some sponsor dollars around. (Morgan Freeman voice) You got to make sure you get to your place on time. Yes, yes! Delightful! Wondrous. Anything else, any other announcements, anything crazy? All right, let's do it, guys, let's step on. Bring it in. So to catch everyone up what's going on, Vox Machina, our intrepid band of adventurers, after dealing with the horrible attacks by the dragon circle known as the Chroma Conclave, destroying cities all across Tal'Dorei, the party escaped, sent the refugees they could, as well as allies, back to Whitestone, seemingly not on the radar of this attacking front of dragons at the moment, and then made their way toward Vasselheim to find allies, Pike staying behind to help with the refugees at the moment. Upon going to Vasselheim, you managed to encounter a number of old friends from the Slayer's Take and enlist them for the time being to help you with the refugees and your current wanderings here in the city proper. At the same time, you encountered Lady Kima, who also has agreed to help with the events in Whitestone and this entire dragon attack towards the east, and you, after wandering the city for a bit, retrieving these allies, followed Grog into the Trial Forge, where you had a conversation with Earthbreaker Groon. And by conversation I mean a full-on drag-out sandpit battle to prove your worth to him, in which case you were given information about these things called the Vestiges of the Divergence, artifacts of great legendary power that existed from previous wars that had wiped out most of society multiple times. These Vestiges have been scattered around the world, many of them lost to the history books or passed down as symbols of power through various bloodlines or government positions, or stolen and haven't been seen for hundreds of years. You've found the location of two of them, one of which was the Titanstone Knuckles, and the other happened to be some sort of a leather, a Deathwalker's Leather that belonged to a champion of the Raven Queen. This exists in apparently the champion's tomb, which used to exist to the west of Vasselheim until it eventually sunk into the ground as the topography shifted over time and resides beneath a lake known as the Marrowglade Loch. So. That is where we left off, as you guys recovered from the encounter in the Trial Forge, and deciding on your plan going forward. Stepping from the tavern, having a few drinks, and discussing the merits of your current path, what would you like to do, friends? Yeah, the Marrowglade Loch resides about a seven- to eight-hour journey swift of foot to the west-southwest area of Vasselheim. And it is marked on the map, it's not marked as a major place, it's just this sunken, somewhat muddy, swampish land. You've passed-- No, no no no. That was more north. But you passed this in your travels and some of your hunts with the Slayers' Take before, but it's never been a place of consequence, it is just a lake that exists on a map until this significance was given to it. Yeah, I'd say probably some time in the past. And Kima at this point looks about and says, "Well, if we have plans to head east and probably "not spend much time here among Vasselheim for a while, I have some business I've got to clear up "here as well." "This is true, actually. No." And she steps up to you and you, you know, at first view you've had you see she's square-shouldered and pretty rough in the physicality of what you'd imagine from most halflings you see. She walks with her shoulders forward and she has this intensity to her step, even when it's just a friendly exchange. She bears armor that is gold with various silver and blue details on it that are parts of the presentation of Bahamut and the temple that is a representation of his worship. She carries a large, metallic hammer that she keeps left over one shoulder. She has just-past-her-shoulders wavy ashy, dirty-blondish hair and a big scar that rides across her face as well as a number of other scars that aren't quite as visible. She grins as she steps up and moves her hammer to the other side of her shoulders with a clink and puts her hand out. She pulls her hand away and she goes, "Interesting coming from you, definitely." "All right." "Anyway." "I've met few as unremarkable as you in my travels." "Touché. Well, I'll get about my business here, you said you're traveling for half a day to "a day, say meet back at the Slayer's Take in about 24, 36 hours, then head on to the east?" "Or meet up with you, I'm going by what you're telling me. We can meet up whenever you'd like." "I'm coming with you, yeah, but I have some business to take care of here in the city before "we go ahead and head off." "Well, you guys are going-- where?" She crosses her hands for a second and says, "Why are you so interested in my business, "human?" "I was trying to arrange passage to the east. Got a little bit of pull here in the city, "some favors that're owed to me, I figured maybe I could do a favor, but that's, I don't know. If "you're going to have an attitude about it." "Are we meeting back in a couple days or are we waiting, what's the business here, I--" "I'm assuming a day, I have to try and find a couple of folks and pull some strings." "No I'm fine. I've seen plenty of your strengths in the past." "Part of you coming and asking for the aid of the palace was to help with this whole scourge "of dragons you're talking about to the east. The ones that you say have destroyed most of Westruun "and most of my friends still exist in that area. So I figure that's the passage we need to get "over there." "Eeeeast." "Through trees." "That's weird." Make a history check. It's a pretty unremarkable Loch. As far as lakes go, it's maybe a few hundred feet across. It's more from a part of the land mass actually having a large sinkhole and where certain things may have existed, and there are bits of ruin throughout the surroundings of some sort of a structure that existed there, but most of it seems to have been swallowed up by the ground and the lake has formed in its place, though this was quite some time ago. And it swells or drains based on how much snowfall there has been in recent seasons, and it's been a pretty heavy winter for you guys, so you imagine from the times you've seen it that it's been pretty high, if not frozen over at times. At this time, it's probably, say, midafternoon. (laughs) Oh, it's been two weeks and I missed you guys. Hm? There are a collection of books at the Take, but most of them are in reference to cataloging various creatures, details about their lifestyles, their inherent weaknesses, what elements of their bodies can be harvested and what clients are usually looking for. It's more specific to the business of the Slayer's Take than anything that would involve local history. I mean, I'll say if two of you would like to make an investigation check between the two, your choice, whoever wants to do that, we'll base, see what information you can find. 17. In taking the better part of the rest of the day and asking around, you manage to find one location that carries books, and what you would consider as sort of like a library, though nothing of the ancient historical fashion. There are many books about the history of the temples here in the town, elements of the battles of old, but they're all very vague in their writing as almost like a story as opposed to a historical fact-gathering-type presentation. You manage to find a place that does deal in dusty books, partially repaired and restored books, a little bit pricier, but there is one tome that seems to talk specifically about the history of the Raven Queen's rise here in the city, and if you would like to possibly take this book, for a price, that is up to you. No, you guys are doing this separately. Essentially right now you are, it's a small place, but there are two employees, and it's not very busy at all, you're the only person in the room, so they're both just quietly watching from a distance. Well, about 30 seconds into that, one of the employees comes up and goes, "Excuse me, miss--" "If you are going to--" "I would ask if you would wish to read this to purchase it, as that is our business, we are "not an open place to just utilize the information." "It's a book sale collection, please, if you're going to read it, please purchase the book. "Or leave?" "You may peruse for but a moment. If you do not find an essence of what you're seeking at that "time, I would have to ask you to leave." "Yes." In the brief time that you have going through, you manage to glean, there is a chapter that speaks of the Divergence, it speaks of the last large struggle that happened in the center of civilization. This was the second battle before the gods themselves fully rescinded from the land itself. And the Raven Queen did have a number of chosen champions as a part of this endeavor, and that's as far as you get before he goes, "All right, so, you've had a bit of time." There is a tag on the book that says 30 gold. He reaches out and grabs the book and says, "If you are not a serious collector, I'm sorry, "then it seems that we--" And he starts pulling it, tugging it up. He slams the book shut as you're perusing through the pages. "30 gold, or I will ask you to "leave." Make a persuasion check. "As far as you're concerned right now, my name is No Sale." And pulls the book back. Takes the gold, hands you the tome. "Benjamin Cole, should you find your way around here again and wish to pay full price for "another one of our fine books." "Come again," he says begrudgingly as you exit the facility. So, looking through the book, it does talk about-- specifically, there are a few champions. Many that were lost entirely to the battle, unrecovered. One of the highest of the Order of the Raven Queen, that fought in her name, was named Purvan-- Purvan. P-U-R-V-A-N. Oh, you guys are cruising to a TPK today. (laughter) No, this is great. (with great emphasis) Purvan-- All right. That's more hit points onto these guys here, for later. All right. Purvan Suul is the full name, though the name was given to the Raven Queen at the time of signing itself to the order, in which they become nameless. The champions are just mentioned or spoken of in public as The Champion, so the name is part of the gift they give to the Raven Queen when they swear themselves to her. Fell in the final conflict and was interred within a tomb to the west of Vasselheim. It is said that it is a multi-leveled tomb, and as the Raven Queen's fellowship began to fall out of favor after the Divergence had happened-- essentially, because her realm is death, during times of great conflict and strife, there is great power and a lot of energy given towards the Raven Queen. When things fall into peace time, or at least, for an extended period of time, there isn't a lot of conflict or burgeoning death and destruction within the vicinity, her worship tends to dwindle. As that dwindled, there wasn't enough people within the remaining bloodlines to maintain the tomb. It fell into disuse and since then has not been tended to. You go ahead and explain. It is a fine, smooth, dark metal warhammer that as the handle itself leads towards the heavy head portion of the hammer, the metal turns instead to almost a glistening ivory that has symbols pushed into it. A language you don't understand, but there's a giant moon crescent carved into each side of the hammer's head. Make an attack roll. We'll say with disadvantage because you were taking a half-measure. It's technically non-magical. 14. You manage to just barely, as you see this thing coming towards you, and duck beneath it. Roll stealth. Roll a perception check. Try as you might to look around, Vax is nowhere to be seen. Too late. So as you're looking around, you see this strange quiver of shadow that seems to formulate in the air, and this awkward, still, unmoving, awkward mannequin-type visual recreation of Vax muddles itself there. I need you to roll an insight check. Finally! Vax cannot evade your vision this time, Grog. Okay. With this weird, awkward half-grin frozen in place. The hammer streaks down through this form and passes completely through it, slamming into the mud beneath, splattering mud up and around you, across your chest, and for a brief instant, Vax completely seems to have evaded the attack. With that, the illusion is dissipated and Vax is no longer there before you. The harder he squeezes you, you fear you may turn into mud. All right. At this point, Kima has pulled a small flask out and takes a swig and goes, (sighs) "Ah, I've missed you." "So. Are we resting, or are we off? I'm growing impatient." TRAVIS and There are all sorts of things that you could anticipate along the way. There are a number of denizens of this forest that are all sorts of levels of danger. There are roving orcish bands from the far, far northwest, which you encountered on your way to Rimefang. There are a number of other creatures that wander these areas some of them bestial, some with some element of culture. There are bandits that come from the far west, possibly from across that sea that occasionally try and kill and pillage as best they can. Most everyone avoids the city of Vasselheim, because that place is pretty hardcore by comparison. So yeah, all kinds of things you could find. At a fast pace on foot, it would take you seven to eight hours. You guys have a great history of-- Up to ten willing creatures for Wind Walk. All right. MARY and For some of you, it's a familiar, if still uncomfortable, physical feeling as your body-- You become this amorphous, cloudy, vaporous form. You can fly at a very swift speed, even against a relatively strong wind. Trinket in his mist form is seemingly very uncomfortable with this circumstance. "What's happening?" "I will follow." Sure. (laughter) I can imagine as part of the enchantment, as you guys can pass wind through your mist vocal cords. Oh, he's delightful. All right, so you guys begin to head westward, following your previous experience at the direction that it takes you. You push that way. Kima is also still getting used to this whole mist form endeavor. It takes a little bit for you guys to adjust to this locomotion, but it is very swift in comparison to moving on foot. Drifting over the top of the forest canopies, you guys, riding the top in this full-on, Falcor fly-through moment as you're cruising through the snow-capped forest. You can see a cluster of large eagles in the distance. You guys manage to swoop around. Eventually, as the sun begins to make its way towards the horizon-- you managed to cut a good four or five hours off your journey on this, making your way towards the Marrowglade Loch. There are certain areas where the canopy itself breaks apart, and you can see ravines, you can see where areas of the topography have cracked or shifted in time, and there are drops that go deep under the earth, though you cannot quite see where they would continue to go, until you make your way to the Marrowglade, and there you can see, still full to the top, if a little icy at the surface, it seems relatively undisturbed. You make your way, all drifting down, back beneath the canopy of the Vesper Timberland, and at the edges of the lake. No, actually. It's a pretty solid surface, and as you guys have drifted down in your form, looking at it, you can see that there is a layer of ice. You're not quite sure how thick, but the surface is very crystalline. Make a perception check. Make a perception check for you, as well. 25. You see there are bits of stone scattered about 30 feet out from the lake's edge. Going to inspect them, and looking about them, there are pieces of fallen walls and what appear to be elements of the tomb, possibly before it fell within, but you do not see any sort of opening or entrance. It's just a part of some structure, some foundation that was left behind. Make an investigation check. 22? Nothing near the loch. The largest chasm or portion of land that you saw that was broken and receded into the earth itself was probably about a half-mile to a mile back. Nothing that is in the immediate vicinity of this lake. Yes. You guys have come down into the forest. You're all still in mist form, so you're unable to directly interact with anything in the area. 11? Doesn't seem to have any specific elements or markings. Make an investigation check. Sure. So, you guys all rest around the outskirts of this lake. As high as you want to be. Right now, everyone has come down to the edge of the lake, so you're right off the ground. "Okay." (laughs) If a bear could grin, it would. However, the process is very strange as you see this misty cloud (poof) into a bear. It's about a minute for the full transformation. The spell still maintains its eight-hour time period, and you can transform back and forth during that eight-hour period. So we'll say it's been about three to four hours, so you're about half-duration. All of you eventually take a minute to revert back to your physical forms, and you're all now standing at the edge of the lake. Next four hours. Yep. You just can't do anything while you're in that form, other than move. So your head goes (boosh). A little crack. (cracking noise) As he says that, you see a trickle of crimson streaking down the front of his head. At the place where he put his head, or any other place? Okay. Testing it with your foot on the edge, it doesn't seem to be any give. Looking up close, you can see it's probably a good inch and a half of ice. Yeah. It takes you a few minutes, but you manage to break apart and make a head-sized hole. It's about an inch. Make a perception check with disadvantage. You see through reality! Giant floating baby right outside of the planet, in space. All right, so. Glancing through the murky water beneath the ice's surface, it is dark, and what little bit of light that would be hitting the surface is refracting through the ice, so it's very hard to get a form. You can see there's a very thick layer of bottom-of-the-lake undergrowth various underwater plants that have caked the entire floor area of the lake. However, you can just see, at the edge of your vision before the rest of the light is swallowed by the water and the murkiness of the depths, you can see what looks to be the edge of some sort of stone structure, where two walls would be joined, but they break off and crumble and disappear into more of the undergrowth. Sure. You cast Light at the end of your staff. It glows and illuminates and as you shove it down, the light disperses beneath the ice. Okay, so having to close one eye separately, as the light source is literally right in your face, you do look past, using the air trapped in the mask. A little bit of water is peeking in because it's not perfect. You do manage to see beyond that yes, there is indeed an element. It looks almost like a slightly tilted peak of some sort of structure that comes to a point, and the top of the point is broken off and crumbled, and there are a couple of sections of stone that seem to offshoot at four different points towards the very bottom of the lake itself. I'd say it's about 50 to 60 feet deep. Yep. It's about dusk now, if you guys are landing. You pull out your brand new hammer. (doosh, doosh) Ice shards flying off, splashing in the water. You're covered in this ice-cold water now. Vex turns into a large, gaseous form. Okay, the two twins, (foomf) together. All right. All right. You guys, all three of you, descend into the open portion of the lake that Grog has broken through. You guys do. It's a slog, and you can move slowly, but the speed that's normally granted to you by this-- you actually move slower in this form underwater than you would normally, swimming, and as you submerge yourselves, you realize, even in this form, air is required, and you start (straining noises). The forms-- it's almost like mist appearing on the edge of the lake that (fwoosh) forms up into your two different forms. You, however, still delve down as your alligator, and you swim your way down across the bottom of the lake. All right, so as you guys are setting up camp in a similar way that you did in Whitestone, up within the actual tree canopy itself, I need you to make an investigation check. As you check around the ruins, looking about, you can see there appears to be two different entrances that are both completely caved in. What you do see, though, is there's an area of the bottom of the lake, about ten feet away from one of the edges of the temple itself, that there is no undergrowth. There's the muddy floor, but it appears as if there is no actual plant life that has grown in this ten-foot-circle area. It's mud. Okay. You take your snout and dig through the mud and bring up some clouds of dirt and whatever scum has congealed at the bottom of this pond. It murks up the water around you. Your vision is obscured. Doesn't seem to be revealing anything, per se. You see what would be an entrance to the structure, but the stonework itself has collapsed in on itself. Actually, no. It's pretty plain. The exterior is pretty damn plain in presentation. What minor bits of design or grooves that were put into the stone to give it a presentational bump have eroded over time, but beyond that, it seems surprisingly plain. What else would you want to try and do? You are welcome to do whatever you want to do while you're here. All right. You guys return, and you relay what you found to the rest of the group as you guys are preparing yourselves. At this point, the sun has set, and the night itself is going from red to dark purple to a proper evening sky. Anything else you wish to prepare for the evening before you all find yourselves resting? All right. Anyone else? Yeah. Sure, go ahead and make a nature check. It wasn't mathematically perfect, but it was noticeable to be a section of the lake floor that was glaring to be missing in a large patch. It was very soft. 18? From what you understand, the reasons for something to not grow on the bottom of the lake would mean that the dirt and the surrounding earth would have to be disturbed enough to where nothing could take root. From what you know and have researched about the worm you discovered previously, they tend to favor more rocky, mountainous terrain than underwater. There are many creatures that can burrow. Plenty of underwater serpents. There's all sorts of manner of creatures in this world. Serpents in lakes? Nothing that would be monumental beyond actual water serpents, which are minor inconveniences and just natural creatures. Anything of this size, per se-- there are all sorts of entities that it could be, but none that would be specific to a lake location, necessarily. Whether it be a subterranean creature that uses it for passage, or if there's something that lives in the lake, or is part of the lake, living in the water itself, nothing comes to mind, from your experience. It's past sunset. It's now in proper night. Okay, so the two of you are waiting at the edge of the loch? Keyleth jumps off the edge, and in midair, forms into this giant shark form that slams into the surface of the cold water through the opening that Grog had already opened. All right. Make an investigation check. Are you inspecting the ruin? What do you want to do? Investigation check. There's a difference between your knowledge of nature vs. actually having to investigate a specific detail. 14. If you're looking at the area that she was mentioning, where the plant life is missing, it doesn't appear to be man-made, by any means. It just looks to have formed by some perpetual disturbance of the muddy earth in that vicinity. Anything else you want to investigate while you're down there? It has some variation to it, and there's a portion that appears to have been dug up, or at least, there is a slight indentation. Okay. Make another investigation check about the ruins, specifically. 11. Looking about, same details that she made out about it. You do see there is one other stone entrance of the partially tilted stone structure. Looks almost like there was a double doorway there, at one side of it, but a series of stones and a portion of the structure have crumbled in on it, and it has blocked the passage. Looks like a partially collapsed, or completely collapsed entrance to this structure. Okay. The shark (boosh) out of the water, catches you off for a second, almost Jaws-ride style. There you go. Keyleth reverts to her normal form. They varied in size, because it was part of the wall that had fallen in on itself, so there are sections that are three, three and a half feet in diameter, and there are also a number of smaller, head-sized rocks and chunks that had all filled in this space. A lot of the general soot and mud that had gathered as part of the lake's creation had filled in and covered elements of it and seeped in to form this pucker-point, if you will. Why are you making it weird? (laughter) All right. All right. He's a very big bear, and the moment that you glance over and give a look. Without even looking at you, you just hear this, (growls). All right. Anything else you wish to prepare for the evening? All right. You all find yourselves asleep-- Okay. The whole process of getting Trinket up into the tree itself is hilarious. It's a group effort, to a certain extent. There's a difference between climbing a tree and getting up into a tree and then getting into a comfortable place where you can rest and not destroy the tree. It's a combination of minor druidic talents to create an element of the tree's growth that would be able to support a weight the size of a bear. Yeah. You've done it before. All right, the two of you keep watch for the first watch. We'll say for about a four-hour period. Okay. As the end of your watch progresses, I need you both to make a perception check. The two that were taking watch. The twins. Looking off towards the other side of the lake, you see, under what little bit of moonlight is peeking through the cloud cover over the area, which breaks up every now and then. You can see a few stars glistening, and a little of the moon peeks through. Catches your attention, specifically, as the moon is the essence of your patron. Through your vision, you can see a handful of small-- I say small. Small from this distance, but relatively large, Trinket-sized furry entities that cluster up to the edge of the lake on the opposite side. Not at this distance, no. The full distance around it? I'd say 250 to 300 feet. It's not a huge lake. They're about 50, 60 feet from you guys right now. Darkvision up to a certain distance. I'd say, best you can look at it, you've encountered these in the past, and this appears to be a small group of evening-wandering owlbears that are passing through the vicinity. They do not appear to notice your presence, and are just passing through. Mr. Owl's bad, but Mr. Turtle was a real dick because he's the one who sent the kid to it, knowing full well the owl was going to eat that treat. The true villain's Mr. Turtle. You get slightly nervous as the owlbears make their way closer to your edge of the lake, going to where the initial breaking of the ice was set by Grog. They all drink of the ice-cold water, and then eventually make their way scare on the opposite side of the forest. A couple, maybe? You find two owlbear feathers. Okay. What kits do you have with you? Make a dexterity check. Just a straight dexterity check. He is asleep. Talking in his sleep. You finish out the rest of your watch. Using the moonlight at your disposal, you manage to make a couple of owlbear arrows with the feathers you found. They're functional. They'll do. Next watch? All right. You guys go to sleep. The two of you stay up. All right. You watch and the next four hours go by, unhindered. At which point, you hear a voice say, "Good. I'm trying to sleep." (laughter) At this point, you hear a distant screech that echoes across the night sky. All of you wake up. While not extremely loud, it is very noticeable and cuts through the silence, as there is a very still wind tonight. You two, make a perception check. Not yet, no. Okay. As you went to sleep, you didn't. As you guys are coming back to consciousness, you see a shape that's just-- can't make out the actual details of it, but it coasts across the distant sky, across the clouds, and a little bit of moonlight framing the image. Okay. You pick it up and what you see in the distance is a very, very large bird, cresting across the distance. It doesn't appear to be coming in your direction, but it just slowly makes its way just over the opening in the canopy. It's pretty damn close. It disappears over the opposite side-- It does. You catch it just before it disappears over the distant horizon. It arcs away and then vanishes past. The rest of you go back to sleep. You guys are finishing up your watch. Did you want to--? Okay. So is it just Kash taking this next one? No, you've had a full eight hours' rest. As the hours pass-- (laughter) The rest of the group finds themselves to consciousness. The cold morning air and frozen bits of early-morning dew across the grass and growth in the forest. The hole's still there, but there is a very thin layer of what appears to be forming ice that could be easily cracked. There you go. Grog has now effectively peed in the Marrowglade Loch. Two weeks, folks. We've been storing this up. All right. So what's the plan, guys? It's-- the surface is near-freezing by the just general temperature of the morning air. You're liable to get hypothermia if you spend any extended period of time in the water. It's about 350 feet circumference around. It's not a very, very large-- Nothing beyond the edge of the lake. There isn't, I mean, you find bits and pieces of broken stone, but nothing that seems to be indicative of a change in topography. A cube of up to 100 feet on a side, so you could pretty much part the entire lake. You've been around. There are some fish that live in here. So you cast Control Water? As Keyleth completes the spell in a rapid series of hand motions, concentrating, her eyes illuminate with the power of her druidic, divine energies. She extends her hands and the water itself in the center of the lake, the ice cracks up, almost like a fissure is building in the center. It's almost like tin foil being folded back from the inside out. The ice is actually breaking and being pulled to the sides, and as the ice is pulled back, the water is pulled back with it, like someone has torn into the surface of the earth and peeled the ice back like a sheet. It forms this long tunnel that leads directly down into the center of the lake. The water is being held aloft over the surface, not actually being cast to the sides out into the river. You could empty the lake, for the most part, if you wanted to do it now, but right now you're just holding it aloft as these two water pillars. You cannot refreeze water with this spell, unfortunately. You can just control its shape. The temperature is a whole different ballgame. Okay. The stonework-- you can start pulling the stones that block the area that lead into that one collapsed entrance, and yeah. You start moving things out of the way and they tumble down to the bottom and stick into the mud. The bottom of the pond is a very interesting sight when it's drained. All the plant life is just sucked together and you're all sloshing through. You're up to your knees with each step as you just sink into the mud. Looking in there, as you begin to step into the mud, it is a thicker portion and your feet begin to sink into it. To a certain extent, you can control elements of it, but because the earth itself is not part of it, it does resist the spell effect, so it would be very minimal effects. As you step into it, you begin to sink. Make a strength check. All right. The two twins are now, (sucking sound) being pulled in into this small mire. She's about up to her waist now. Up to upper torso. Vax is now getting to right around upper thigh. Trinket's all, (concerned grunts). (chomp, grunt) All right, and with that, Trinket begins to back up. (sucking footsteps) Can't get traction in the mud. He's trying to pull, but is sliding in space. There's no movement on this point. You guys are trying to pull and they're not sinking right at the moment. There is tension on the rope, but they're not being pulled out, either. They're just held in place. You guys are now in the center of the base of the pond. No, you guys are at the base of the stone structure, which is not too far from the section they're sinking in. You've been pulling rocks away from the crumbled entrance, which is much easier now that there isn't water pressed against it, so you're actually moving rocks out of the way, and you're making some headway into this entrance. You see out of the corner of your eye, them talking and shouting to each other. Kima runs up to you guys, looks over and goes, "Ah, they're fine," and starts grabbing rocks. Easy enough to do. The giant, shimmering arcane hand of Bigby scoops both of the twins up and dislodges them from the muddy surface, setting you guys down gently, and drifts to your side with a thumbs-up. (laughter) Are you scooping mud, or are you scooping stone? I didn't hear which one you're doing. Okay. (laughs) I'll say, the two of you guys make strength checks, and you go ahead and roll a d20 and add your charisma-- no, Bigby's Hand is-- Yeah, plus eight to it. 16, okay. 20 and? Four. So you're "helping." Yeah, you're the foreman of this exercise. But between Grog and Bigby's Hand, though, large sections of stone are being scooped out and tossed to the side. You're hitting the five- to six-minute mark. It's a ten-minute duration. You're a little past halfway. Okay. You push some of the water out of the way. Some of it is splashing off to the side and being soaked into the local dirt and earth. You're still holding about half of the pond itself up at the sides. You guys are beginning to make headway through, and you see a lot of the stones here have been pushed in with suction from the mud and kept a barrier, and about three minutes later, you begin to find an opening, and you start pulling out a big plug of stone, and you can see beyond that, there is an actual stairway, and a pitch-black, lightless entrance that goes deeper into this actual structure. Okay, so keeping the water at bay, now rotating around your movement into the center, you all make your way towards that rocky entrance. It's just big enough to get each of you through, Grog and Trinket, at the very largest. You all push your way through, climbing in the other side. Keyleth, concentrating, steps inside as the last one as you begin, with the last few minutes you have. Just taking it all. Chunk after chunk after chunk. Just at the tail end of your concentration. The hand pulls in the last plug as the water (crashing water sound) comes crashing into itself, filling the space. As you all are standing there, the light of Zahra's staff lighting the area, there's the impact of water rushing in against the stonework, and you can feel the whole place shake from the impact, and immediately water begins to rush in through the cracks of this created section. I was going to say, based on the push of the water against the rock and Bigby's Hand against that, I need you to go ahead and roll a d20 and add eight for Bigby's strength to try and hold the plug in place. 24 total roll. With that impact, you can see streams of water pushing through and mud and other elements filling the gaps of the stonework, Bigby's Hand pushing up against it. Looks like the stonework was ready to give, and the water begins to go ahead and fill this vicinity, the hand pushes back until the streams that are peeking through turn to a trickle, and by the time the spell finally comes to an end, the hand vanishes, the plugged hole gives a little bit, and then seems to keep itself in place. Water's still dribbling out and trickling, there is still a gradual bit of moisture passing through here, and you don't know how long it'll hold, but for the time being, it seems to be holding. So, as Vax vanishes from your sight, disappearing into the shadows down the stairway that leads forward, we're going to take a quick break. (cheering) You're all going to die. All of you. Welcome back, everyone. So we've had our little break here, a couple quick announcements to give to you guys. One, our first winner of the giveaway today, of the chatroom giveaway for our various prize package is BlackDeath2099. (laughter) Today is our one-year anniversary of the stream. (cheering) It's our one-year, it's been a rushed day. So, I mean, thank you guys. Thank you guys for kicking along with us for a year. Also, guys, wanted to let you know before we get started here again. You helped our good friend here Ivan, is doing his Kickstarter for the ABC's of RPG's, which is awesome, but one of the stretch goals was to actually have a few pages of Critical Role-related activities for kids within the book, and you guys succeeded in smashing through that stretch goal, so he gave me a couple of the early designs to show off. Here's the-- Yeah, we can show a little bit of the preliminary stuff. So this is the Vex and Vax connect-the-dots. (cheering) On the paper? Then we have here, we have the create tattoos for Grog activity sheet. So there's that one there. And then here we have the Percy connect your knowledge of the various fantasy creatures activity book. So those are the really cool art pieces you can look forward to, you guys kicked ass on making that happen and so we have our own little stamp in his amazing creative piece, so thank you for that. Look to that. There's also more stretch goals, I think, before it finishes up, so if you want to smash those records, feel free to check it out. Thank you for letting us be part of that, Ivan. All right. So. Now. As you guys-- bringing it back to the game, here. I think those are all the announcements I'm supposed to make there, perfect. Let me get set up here with some proper audio. I want to get some good atmosphere here. That got weird. So. Are you guys all staying at the top of the stairs, or are you staying a little bit behind Vax's movement? Which one are you focusing on? I think you have to choose the type. Undead? You take a moment, focusing here-- Yes. As Vax pushes forward. Nothing catches your attention, undead-wise. There are no undead entities within the vicinity which you can focus on, so that's one thing you don't got to worry about. All right, so the two of you have light from this pitch-dark vicinity, which is helpful for those of human descent. No undead presence in the vicinity. Vax, pushing down this stairwell, it continues down with a slight curvature, almost like a gradual spiral staircase, until eventually it hits a floor area. The flooring here is at a tilt. From what you can see, this whole tomb, this whole ruin, when it sank in, it sank at a slight angle, and the surface of all the stonework here is still slick with water and various liquid that has trickled through over time. You get the sense that there are a number of leaks within this temple, and the pond that would grow larger is steadily slipping into this ruin, and then being filled over time from the rainy and snowy weather as it hits the area. As you hit the bottom and you look around, you see ahead, immediately across the way, as you're the first in there, two small humanoid shapes down this T-junction. To the right and left of you are two tunnels, and there is one ahead, and about 35 to 40 feet ahead of you, you see two humanoid individuals. All right. Everyone roll stealth. Are you keeping your light spells up? MARY and Both of you snuff the light spells, so you have zero visibility right now. Stealth checks from everybody? 17. With the plus ten? 14. With the plus ten? 24. Okay. There is no light. These two figures just walk beyond. What little bit you can see, and both of you guys roll perception checks, those with darkvision right now. 14. The two of you can see these entities. They're humanoid. Bipedal-- two arms, two legs, standing up on their legs. However, their feet are these webbed claw-type physicality. They're wearing haphazard leather tunics, wrappings around their wrists, and they're hunched forward as they're walking away from you, deeper into the shadows. Seemingly completely unnoticing of your presence. Their heads are these bowed-forward fish-type visions. You can see they have these bulbous eyes at the edges, jagged, toothy mouths that end at this small point to the end. Very, very fish-like, amphibious-type entities. They both scuffle alongside each other and shuffle into the darkness beyond, down that further hallway. Yes. Left and right and in front, where they both disappeared. No, they're just walking. They're just walking. They haven't turned back. Yes, you can see, both of them have what looks to be a cluster of ropes to one side, hanging off their belt, and have spears that they're clutching and walking along. No. They do. There's no color in darkvision. It's black and white. They've all gathered down to the bottom-- Okay, so as the dagger gives off a bit of flame, those of you with low-light vision have extended visual at this point. At this point, too, as you're adjusting to the atmosphere here, there is this very heavy smell of mold and mildew throughout this entire area, and looking down, you can see the bit of light dances across the stone floor that has water trickling across it and leading to one side, to the left, with the tilt of the floor. What do you wish to do? No, there wasn't much detail about the tomb's actual build. It spoke more of the history of the man who was buried there and gave reference to the direction you were traveling to, just to reaffirm you were going in the right way. No, you learned information about the history of the man who's buried here. It's not like every stone structure of ancient history has a book of blueprints available at your local 7-Eleven. Yeah, that's a little more expensive. No, you can see Vax is holding out his flame dagger. It has a little bit of fire trickling off it. It's ever-so-gently lighting the very local area. To the left. You go to the one on the right. Okay. So we have Grog and Vex are heading to the right? Sorry. Grog and Vax are heading to the right, and Zahra and Kash are going to the left. Anyone else? Everyone else staying in the center? Okay, two of you stay behind. All right, so. Grog and Vax, you guys traverse to the right, with what little light he's giving off the dagger. It continues for about 15 feet before it curves sharply to the right. Roll a perception check, Grog. 17? You turn the corner and manage to stop yourself just as your feet meet the edge of where the stone flooring has dropped out. The tunnel itself here just seems to have ended, and there is a chasm that disappears beneath your visual range. A couple of stones (cracking noise) crumble-- You hear them, after a number of seconds, eventually hit with a slight splash of water. You can see that this collapsed portion goes for about 20, 25 feet, and then the path continues beyond that for about another 20, 25 feet, and then comes to a halt at the opposite side. So as you guys continue down the other way-- (laughter) You guys step down this surface, and the water is pouring down this way, and as you step, there's this squishing sound. Not from the water, but there is, every ten or so feet, there's a patch of very thick, mucus-y slime that seems to cover portions of the wall and portions of the floor. You slip a little bit and catch yourself, and there is a residue that you have to slough off your boots. Eventually, the tilted tunnel comes to a very tight spiral staircase that descends further down. Looking about your general vicinity, very quickly. At your foot, yeah, there's some. Make a nature check. Taking the slickness of it, you were expecting some sort of secretion, and there is no acridness to it. There is nothing about it that seems to jump out at you as a natural creation by a creature. You're not quite sure what the source of it could be. It could be, somehow, over time, slickness that came in through the water, or some other source. You really, in your experience as a druid, have no clear idea as to where this may have come from. It doesn't appear to be natural. The viscousness doesn't match anything you've encountered from nature, so you're not sure what the source is. It doesn't appear to be like a large snail or something like that. The only reason you would know that is from your experience with subterranean creatures, and studying that in your books, and as you go through what you've researched, nothing jumps out at you. No, actually. No aroma whatsoever. It is relatively featureless other than its viscous texture. Okay, I need you guys to both-- no, I'm kidding. (laughter) They've gone beyond your vision. You don't see them. The path just continues on in the direction they were walking. They have not noticed you and have not seemingly returned yet. The two of you are fumbling in complete darkness right now. Sure. I don't see why not. So do you guys return with the rest of the group, and the group continues down the spiral staircase? At this point, Trinket finally comes down the rest of the staircase, staying back from the rest of the group, being stealthy. Trinket is actually far behind. You'd have to back up to converse. You guys have quite a large group here, especially with Kima involved. You have quite the party. This is going to be very interesting to see how it-- You guys are all making your way down the left tunnel, down the spiral staircase that Zahra found. So. You progress downward. You're looking for--? Just keeping an eye out? Both of you guys make perception checks with disadvantage. Very low light. Coursing down, what catches your eye is a little ways down the spiral staircase, there are a couple of small, dark, what look like minor objects that stand out against the rest of the stone structure. They appear to be a couple of dark feathers. They are beneath an actual layer of slick slime. They've been there for a while, but there are two feathers. No, actually. Owlbear feathers are textured, with some layers of color, like a natural owl-type entity would have. These are jet black. You recognize it very quickly. They are raven feathers, yes. Pressing down the spiral staircase. It comes to another floor beneath the one you just hailed from. Go ahead and make another perception check, you guys going forward. It's the two of you at the front? If she's behind you with a very faint bit of candlelight. You guys have low-light vision, so you can still make these checks right now, but it's at disadvantage because it's very, very limited. All right. As you guys push forward, you reach out and stop Vax before he takes another step as you notice this pathway now, hatchbacking back in the direction you guys had come from on the lower floor. You can see these very, very thin, about two inch wide slits in the stone walls to each side of you. She pointed them out. Okay. Go for it. This would be using your thieves' tools, and for this it would be-- I will make this an intellect check, with the tools. Thieves' tools, proficiency, plus your intelligence modifier. Correct, because this is-- you actually have not encountered this type of trap before, and you're trying to ascertain its nature without setting it off. 23? As you step forward and begin to try, pulling your tools out to inspect the nature of these, looking into the dark paths on each side, there's an instantaneous movement, like a puff of air that comes out of each side. I need you to roll a dexterity save. 22? All right, you (zoomf) just out of the way as these two pendulum blades (whoosh) right past you, missing you by about a half an inch. And then (whoosh) disappear and then swing back a second time, resetting on opposite sides of the hallway. You all saw that with a very (whoosh, whoosh). Make an investigation check. Based on the check you previously made, these are a little more intricate and you're having a hard time finding a way to disarm them. This would be more of trying to find a mechanism in which to disarm them, which she is currently doing. No. Well, this is an investigation check. Ten? You have no idea of the nature of these. From this perspective, you have no inkling or idea as to what the mechanism is, where it's hidden, if there is a way to be able to disable the trigger. You have not encountered this before, and it is a little beyond your expertise at the moment. So, while you guys are having this conversation. Scanlan, you step directly up to the very edge of where these blades swing from. And you notice that, just glancing ever so slightly on the inside, there is some sort of a latch that is guarded by the blade's embedded portion. You realize as you put your hand forward, you trigger some sort of arcane sensor that is part of this that causes the blades to (whoosh) swing back, and as they swing past you, you hear a click on the inside of the groove that they swing from, and then as they swing a second time to reset, it gives a louder click sound, almost like it resets itself. It's about a second. It's (whoosh, whoosh). It's about two inches wide, the gap. Okay, so you have advantage on dexterity-based ability checks, currently. You can try to. Are you going to do it? All right, so you reach over and trigger the blades, pulling back immediately. (fwoof) They pass back. In that one moment, you go for it. Make a straight dexterity ability check, so roll a d20. You have advantage on it. Once you understand the nature of this, it's not a very difficult thing to find. You bring the blade around in that brief moment, and as you bring your head into view to inspect the inside, you can see there is a slight stone protrusion from within that groove. You realize the blade probably isn't going to help at this point. You reach over and just (tkch). You hit it with your fingers. As you do, you look quickly over to your right, and the blade is already pulling back towards the area where your head is, and then (creak, crunch) halts, and now the blades are just hanging. (relieved noises) (laughing) That would have been very bad. So, as you guys continue forward down this long hallway, heading at a slight upward angle now, going against the tilt of this temple. Who's leading? All right. Pushing forward, it continues for about 60 feet. There was a tunnel split over to the right side, but that has entirely collapsed and is just filled with stone and it spills out partially into the hallway, but it's easy to step over and get past. Eventually-- Meaning the passage that you're walking down, it looks like there was a path that went to the right. That whole thing collapsed inward and is completely impassable. It has spilled into the passage, but it's nothing you can't traverse over. His vernacular is impressive. Pushing even further forward, the passageway begins to curve gradually to the left over about 20 feet, and disappearing around a corner. As you continue to push forward here, you have moved beyond the light, unless Zahra, are you keeping the same essence of light here to help with his vision, you would have to travel up with him to be able to see around the corner as you move. As you continue to move forward with him, the light cascading further down the hall, eventually the curvature comes to a halt and you can see before you a T-intersection of the tunnel. Across the way, the tunnel directly across from you comes to a halt. It just ends about 20 feet beyond this intersection. There is a path to the right and the left. Make a perception check. Okay. You can see, in a similar fashion to the tunnel you and Grog first discovered, the floor that is the center of this T-intersection has completely fallen out, as well. There are sections of stone that jut out from the edges, but it appears that this intersection for about a ten by ten foot area of the floor is just completely bottomed out. Correct. Nothing else visible in the area. You aren't with them. Where it meets this center area, it's only about a five-foot step over. LAURA and To the other parts of the intersection. As long as you're not going directly across. If you're just going catty-corner, it would be a relatively easy acrobatics check. Barring you don't roll a one. All right, as you guys approach, Vax deftly attempts to leap over to the right side of the T-junction. Make an acrobatics check. Perfect two-toed landing. Just (ta-ding). And you are immediately met with... a wall. It ends to the right. It's almost like across the way and immediately to the right both just end abruptly. Go ahead and make a perception check. You can see there are symbols burned into what looks to be some sort of a bird head that ends in these streaks that are carved into the rock. Intricately, and done with a very careful hand. Okay. It's not a language. It is a symbol. But you can make a religion check. You guys have stepped up to the edge of the tunnel. It's maybe ten, 15 feet beyond the break. 20. This being a tomb of a champion of the Raven Queen, looking at this, you gather this is the symbol of the Raven Queen. (sploosh) (quiet knocking) Solid stone. Okay, so you get around and glance around the edge? To the left tunnel, there is no wall. Instead, you're met with a large, ten foot tall, eight to ten foot wide double set of doors. Okay. Both of you guys make acrobatics checks. Okay. Yeah, you guys make it across fine. Kima's getting impatient, and she joins you guys across that way. She's fine on her roll. Okay. Acrobatics check. Yeah. Don't worry, Trinket's fine. The one was the killer. So, you hear a (yelp) as suddenly, that slime-like mass that you've seen appearing throughout the stonework here has also gathered itself along the edge of this open crevasse in the hallway. Your foot hits it and within a moment, the stones beneath your feet are beneath your feet no more, and you find yourself about to plummet into this-- This is happening very quickly. I need you to go ahead and make a dexterity saving throw to see if you can manage to catch the edge. 17? Actually, no, because there is slime on this, I need you to make it a roll with disadvantage. 11. You (grunts) just catch yourself on the edge. Your fingers are (shh) sliding off the edge right now. You're barely holding on. Okay. So in a very Scar in The Lion King moment (whoosh)-- (laughter) You do take four points of slashing damage from the claws that dig into your hands as Trinket is holding onto you there. Then a vine streaks out from the stonework, wraps around you, and pulls you up out of Trinket's grasp, slamming into the ceiling and now holding you aloft before it drops you, plopping right into the stonework between the rest of the party. You go ahead and push on the door? Make an investigation check. Okay. Looking over it, there is what looks to be a locking mechanism on it, but it is not currently locked. You push? (thump) It doesn't budge. You have to put some of your weight behind it to get it to shift at all, and it (creak) opens up slightly into a pitch-black room ahead of you. Okay, make a perception check. Go for it. Yeah. Yeah, you (impact). Around the edge-- Ten? It's hard to make out much detail in the room; you can see what appears-- the room just lays out before you. It seems to open up slightly, and then even further partway in. It ends on the opposite side with curved corners. You can see what appears to be four pillars in the room that meet the floor to the ceiling, the ceiling which is about 25 feet tall. Most of the tunnels you've passed through here are about 15 to 20 this is about 25 feet tall at its full height. But these pillars reach to the ceiling, and there are steps across the way, what appears to be a raised platform. That's the most detail you can make out of it at this distance-- you'd have to get close. Yeah, make a Perception check. All right, you all come to the same conclusion-- some sort of raised platform across the way. Okay, so you guys stealth into the room. You sneak in, and you can see now, this slime-type substance that you've seen throughout-- All right-- it seems to coat most of the floor and walls of this interior. You guys step inside, and with what little bit of light you have, you see a couple shapes shift across the way, behind the platform. You find a couple of small pebbles. Okay. (plop, plop, plop) As you listen, you hear a couple of hushed voices (Undercommon). Do either of you speak Undercommon? You do. Light spell is about as powerful as decent torchlight, it doesn't become crazy, you know, Gandalf-Bridge-of-Khazad-Dum-style. Yeah. But it does light up the room, and from what you can see now, immediately across the way, atop this platform there is what looks to be another stone, raised platform or what could be considered as some sort of a tomb or stone coffin that lays atop these stairs on this upper platform. There is another humanoid figure that stands on top, that turns around at the light and you can see the light giving that weird, ominous animal eye-glow whenever the light catches it at an awkward angle, the fish face snarling at you, robes drenched in various liquid and mucus-y fluid swish around for a minute as it turns to you, this fish humanoid clutching this big staff. You can see now three other of these fish-like entities all clamor up from the side, holding onto these spears and these weird buckler-type shields on the side of their arms, and they just (loud Undercommon). LAURA and All right. The rest of you-- Right, we have two of you have stealthed inside, and you've rolled stealth for this? It doesn't matter, there's two big light sources in the front of the door. This is going to be an initiative roll, folks. Thank you, Dwarven Forge. Dwarven Forge, folks. MARY and All right, so. This door here has been opened for the moment. The folks that were still back in this tunnel here-- We have Zahra and Kash that walked in and created the light, Trinket is still back here at this point-- Scanlan, you're at the edge of the door, Percy-- And we have Kima in the back there, holding up the range. Across the way we have the one robed individual and these other frog-type creatures that have stepped out from behind here. All righty. So. Let's go ahead and get some initiative rolls, folks. Yeah, if you rolled-- 35. All right, so. 25 to 20. 21. All right. Nice. So Grog is 17, Scanlan is 17. Yes, 19 for Vax. What'd you roll, five? Okay, so that's15 to ten? Percy. Ten to five? All right. Keyleth, what'd you get? Four. Oh, man. Kima rolled really bad, too. You have nine people in your traveling group, plus a bear. Trying not to over-complicate this. You mass-traveling assholes. Exactly. All right. All right, so, Vex, you have the top of the round. Technically you would Sneak Attack if you hit somebody who has not-- you don't know if they've seen you or not. Yeah, I mean, these are five feet each, so it would get those two there if you were to do it. It would get these two there; this guy is actually beyond the ten-foot radius if you were to hit the middle guy. Okay. Go for it. 30 hits-- Pass without a Trace now drops, by the way. All right, so go ahead and roll damage against that guy. Correct. So go ahead and roll that for the main guy. Correct. 29 points of damage. Fantastic, and then it is 2d8 against the other two if they do not make their dexterity saving throw. So what's the DC on the spell? Well, that's a natural 20-- One of them succeeds, one of them fails. So roll 2d8. This one takes 13 damage, the other takes six. Okay. So as you step out of the shadows, pull back your arrow and release this bolt of blue lightning energy, it fires across, slams into this robed fish-person who shrieks out in pain. The bolts then scatter off and shoot into two of the nearby ones. One of them manages to pull right behind the pillar and manage to avoid most of the impact. The one over here, however, takes the brunt of it and doubles over in pain, almost falling onto its knees. They start croaking back to each other. Do you wish to move yourself or Trinket? Right here? All right. And Trinket, you want to move-- Don't forget you have your pointers, guys. His movement speed is 40? You get there, yeah. All right. That brings us to Vax. Right here? It's not a surprise because they were aware that there was an aggressive action coming in. But you still-- Correct, so. So it's three against this guy? Hits. All three hit. This includes sneak attack damage? You have advantage, no no no-- You don't have surprise. It was ten plus whatever the dice roll is. 68? If it's a surprise, you-- okay. 41 points of damage. It's all good. So, after the energy from the arrow is still dissipating from the blast, you've already rushed behind through the small space in the wall and thrown all three daggers, all sinking into the body of the robed frog creature, who doubles over from pain, slamming into the top of the stone sarcophagus. In doing so, its hand hits it and a bunch of black feathers scatter off the top and come to rest on the ground at the bottom of the raised platform. Does that end your turn? Okay, so that should be there. All right, that ends your turn. Kashaw. They're about 45-ish, 40 to 45 feet. There's four of them, yeah. Here? I mean they're all within ten feet of each other. Ten to 15 feet. All right, Dexterity saves fail, fail and fail. Go ahead and roll some damage. No, you already hit with them, sorry-- I take that back. You just do straight damage to them, and they don't get any reduction in that because they missed their saves, so you just roll the dice and that's how much damage they take. No, it's 4d6 fire damage and 4d6 radiant damage, so 8d6 total. Okay. So. Are you going to stay where you are or are you moving in? Okay. So as you're moving by, you grab onto your holy symbol, look over and concentrate. Your eyes go dark black, and one of the feathers that drifted off the top of the platform comes to rest on the ground between the three of them. As the feather hits the ground it creates this opening of blackness behind them as they look down. All of a sudden the darkness turns to bright, searing light as fire and divine energy just slams up from the ground beneath them into the ceiling, and you just hear these three simultaneous screeches. As the flames die down, there is nothing left where they were standing. (cheering) All right. And that ends your turn. He doesn't have a turn anymore. At this point in time-- There is this echoing mutter, this almost burbling that seems to rise up behind Kima and Percy at this point. You glance over your shoulder into the darkness below the collapsed tunnel, and what little bit of light you see coming through, you see something fleshy rise up from underneath. It's glistening in places and immediately a cold shudder crawls down your back as you see a series of appendages release, each with a gleaming eye at the end of each one. As one giant eye rises up, it-- As it rises up and Kima looks over the shoulder-- "Shit!" It's going to be a beam at Kima, a beam at you Percy, and a beam at Grog since you're visible. Against Percy, I need you to make a dexterity save. A 19, okay. Great. A dull green beam arcs past, and you manage to just duck out of the way-- Slams into the stone wall next to you, of which that stone wall now just turns to dust. Disintegrated rock behind you. The one against Kima, see if she makes her save here-- No, she fails. This beam hits Kima square in the chest, and as it does she doesn't seem to have any physical reaction but she begins to back up instinctually from it. You can see her jaw agape, her eyes wide open, she looks like she is filled with the dread of the ages. And the third beam going towards Grog, have to reroll that, need you to make a dexterity save, Grog. 19, great. A strangely quicksilver-like beam strikes you center in the chest. It hits you and you feel the muscles around your chest begin to seize up and crack into dust like the actual flesh is turning to a slightly hardened stone but you flex and resist the effect, the petrification not beginning to take hold within your body. So as it turns up, its beam striking you, after all the beams hit, it turns around and (incomprehensible growling). Speaking in a language you don't understand unless one of you speaks Deep Speech. He's right above you, he's just hovering right over your heads. And it stops right above you, Grog. That ends its turn. You get two attacks. 12. You go to swing and you miss entirely. You swing with a 17 and once again, just in your fury and anger in it flying overhead and the little bit of intensity of its reveal, you just can't seem to find purchase on its body. All right, Grog, you want to move or you going to stay where you are? Okay, you can get there fine. Okay. As you rush past, it's going to go ahead and use a reaction to make a bite attack at you as you speed beneath it. Oh, that is a 24 to hit. You take 14 points of piercing damage, reduced to seven. As its teeth just reach out and bite towards you, streaking across your shoulder as you push out of the pain, continuing forward. All right, that ends Grog's turn, Scanlan, you're up. It doesn't seem to notice you at the moment, no. It seems to be intent, looking towards Zahra and Kashaw at the moment, as they are immediately in front of it. You are, correct. Ah, it fails its save. That's an 11. Yeah, go ahead and roll 8d6 points of lightning damage against it, because you're doing it at a level three? So yeah, so 8d6 lightning damage. 30 points of damage. Nice! So as you release this bolt of energy, you guys see this flash of blue light in the distance as the bolt slams up into the creature from underneath. All its eyes whip around in your direction for a second, before looking around all the areas around it. It's still focused intently in your guys' direction. Do you wish to move or do you want to stay where you are? Okay, Percy's in your way so you have to back over in this direction. No, it's already made its reaction. Okay, you take a d10 inspiration die, so keep that on hand. It's the best. All right, that ends your turn. Percy, you're up. Correct, yes. If you wanted to move past it, yes, you could. There you go, that's about as far as you can get in a direct line. Keep it going, Percy, what are you going to do? Actually, Lewis, can you hand me that little template there? The post. To the left of it. (offscreen clatter) So, Percy, as you go to cast the spell, you release the incantation. Nothing happens. Okay. 15. Unfortunately, in your sudden fear of realizing the spell not happening, you go to fire and it just ricochets off the stone. Okay. 20 does hit. Okay, or? Good to know. The rays don't make attacks so the only thing that it would affect is his bite. It just looks at you and the ray hits you and it's your attempt to try to get out of the way. That's how it works. Okay, go for it. 31, that hits. Go ahead and roll damage. Eight damage? So as you turn around the third shot fires, it slams into the fish creature. You see, like, blowing part of its neck out, it (choking grunt). It's pretty heavily hurt, but still standing. It looks to be almost like, with the pain it's withstanding as it's looking up at this, it's reverent and raising its spear toward the Beholder, like (Undercommon chanting). All right, that's Percy. It is now that creature's turn. All right, six. It's going to move up to you after you shot it. Percy, it's going to make an attack with its spear on you with both hands. It pulls up and goes towards you, its big old fish mouth snapping. Oh! That's going to be a 21? Okay. As it jams the spear into your side, it hits your shoulder and just streaks off, tearing into the flesh a little bit, but it's not too bad. You end up taking-- okay, that's nine points of piercing damage. All right! That ends its turn. Keyleth, you're up. Actually, sorry. Before the end of your turn, out of frustration at being shot, it's going to use one of its action points to shoot-- I'm sorry, one of its legendary actions to shoot another eye ray at random, at the end of Percy's turn. Yes, it is going to shoot at you, because you were the one that just shot at it. No, it's not going to shoot you, because you are in its-- it would absolve its ray, so it's not going to shoot you, it's going to fire behind it, instead, at Kima. Okay. Kima's strength save... Natural two. So that's going to be the telekinetic ray, it's going to move it 30 feet in any direction. It's going to lift Kima above this hole and just drop her. Kima, unable to do anything at this point, struck with fear from the previous ray and is nowhere near the edge, is just thrown off and plummets into the darkness below, where the beholder originally emerged. You just hear her scream (screams) as the echo continues past. You don't even hear an impact. That sucked. Now it's your turn, Keyleth. I will say go ahead and roll a dexterity check. Just a straight dexterity check. As you look over-- --before you have an opportunity to get that thought in your head, she vanishes into the darkness. What are you doing, Keyleth? Right now you're not, no. So you can move-- Okay. Okay, constitution saving throw-- 11, so yeah. Full damage. 33 damage. Nice. So as you look up, you channel your spell energy into the essence of withering life force and you can see a portion of its back, the slime dripping from its form, the flesh shrinks up and shrivels, and it shrieks out. Some of the eyestalks quiver and look in the direction of where you are, and some glance down and see you. Correct. Return to form. That ends your turn. At the end of your turn it's going to use another legendary action to fire another ray. This one is going to be-- this is going to be at Scanlan, as it's the one that's clear and behind it. It sees you transform into earth elemental form-- You can travel into earth. You cannot travel into, like, solid stone, carved stone. Not immediately visible. Actually, there is, in the wall that it disintegrated when it tried to shoot Percy, so yeah, right up in here there would be. Okay. (slurps) You vanish into the wall there. But you can only emerge from that same spot. It's the only exposed earth in the vicinity. But you are in the wall. Okay! It's going-- and since you've disappeared, it goes ahead and takes the ray shot at Scanlan. Scanlan, I need you to go ahead and make a dexterity saving throw. No, this is not a spell. It is not an actual attack-- But you can use Cutting Words to reduce the damage if you want to. Your dexterity save, yes. Five. Ability checks. Ability checks, not saving throws. So you can see one eyestalk that was looking for Keyleth hones in on you and this eye has no iris, just a deep, thick, black pupil. And a streaking beam, it sounds like a shrieking voice, just (shrieks) streaks out and slams into you, this black, solid beam. You take 55 points of necrotic damage. That ends Keyleth's turn. Kima's turn. We're going to find out. Does not make the acrobatics check-- Okay. You hear a distant echo of a slam of impact that seems like the breaking of water, along with the hitting of stone. You hear this distant, echoing (groans) "Ouch." Correct. The hit of water and stone sounds like wherever she landed, it was shallow enough to impact when she landed. But not enough for her to, like, sink or anywhere. But she is, right now, effectively out of this fight, ending her turn. Zahra, you're up. You're not within its main eye, but it can see everything around it. All right. What level? Well, what level would it be? It would be your max level as a warlock. So you, yeah, correct. Well, technically it would be 6d12 if you're doing it at a sixth level. Go ahead and roll to see if you hit first. You have to roll to-- It'd be a d20, and add your ranged spell bonus. Okay, so you rolled a 20 total? That hits. Go ahead and roll 6d12 lightning damage. 24? Okay. So 26. All right, so the lightning blasts into its side. One of the nearest stalks just looks over at you to acknowledge the impact, and you just hear a slight snarl as the eye looks out of the corner towards you. Is that going to end your turn? Brings us to the top. Vex, you're up. It is looking in your direction. You don't know. We'll find out when you stop. To there? You would still be in the eye range. No, because you revealed yourself in the attack you did a little while ago. I mean, you can duck partially. If you want to use an action to try and hide you can do that. So Trinket moves behind the wall there, looking over at you, you can see noticeable fear in Trinket's face. All right, at the end of your turn it's going to use its third legendary action. It's going to take another eye roll-- another eye beam. This one is going to fire at Grog. (groaning) Nope! We'll see what it does, though. All right, I need you to make a constitution saving throw. 19. All right, cool. So, as a yellowish beam streaks across and slams into your back, you feel your back muscles tense up and lock up and you resist the effect once again. You just have that hardy constitution of a goliath who seems to be resisting every one of these beams that slams into you for the time being. Vax, it's your turn. You'd be just within 60 feet. Go for it. You used your bonus action to hide, so you get two attacks. Right. But you only have one attack with your main action. You have to roll a stealth check to see if he sees you or not. 25, okay. So go ahead and roll your attacks. 18 hits. And you do have advantage on these because he does not see you. Hits. Both hit. Go ahead and roll damage, and sneak attack on the first hit because he did not see where you were. Surprisingly, being an entity covered in eyes. Seven, yeah, all right, okay. Got it. 37. Rushing up behind the side, ducking into the shadows, you go around the pillar and-- watch one dagger spin around and watch a second one. Both of them sinking into him. Adjusts in place angrily from the pain and impact, but-- yeah. Cool. That's what breaks your stealth. Not the attacks, strangely. Okay. That ends your turn. Kashaw, you're up. Everything else except for you and Percy are directly out of the main eye, but his eyestalks look all over the entire room and they keep shifting and taking in the awareness of the surroundings. But the big eye is just staring right at you intently. You don't know. Possibly. You have not encountered a beholder in your time. Go ahead and roll an intelligence check. Just modifier. Do what you want to do! I mean, you can move six squares. 30 feet, so. Yup. Sure. Okay, that ends your turn. It is now the beholder's turn. The beholder is going to float up towards the ceiling of the area-- This is going to put it at-- This is going to be-- let's see-- Need to find something to weigh that down, actually. Perfect. All right, so it is approximately 20 feet up right now, which gets it out of predominantly melee range of most anything at the moment. The cone still spreads in the area. And it's going to look right there. So it looks away from you, Kash, so what action did you want to prepare? Okay! All right, so, constitution saving throw-- That is a 19. Where's the DC? It resists the spell, unfortunately. However, it is now going to make three eye ray attacks. Let's see who's in the radius here. It can't get a ray towards the four of you, so it's going to do one ray at Zahra, one ray at you, Kashaw, and another ray at Zahra. Zahra gets two rays. So, Mary, I need you to make a constitution saving throw. If you need it. 18. Okay. A similar yellowish ray that hit Grog earlier strikes past you and it hits you, but you manage to resist the effect. A light blue ray streaks across towards you, Kashaw. I need you to go ahead and make a wisdom save. Yes. Slams into you, a wave of intense sleepiness comes over you, but you shake yourself out of it. Third ray goes towards you, Zahra. I need you to make a dexterity saving throw. 17. You manage to duck out of the way as it slams into the wall behind you. This entire chunk, now, is gone. You see there's a chunk of rock and earth that has been exposed on the opposite side as it just disintegrated that portion of the room. That ends its turn. And now-- Because at the top of the round-- Out of one of the slimy surfaces in the room you see, all of a sudden, the stone opens up a phantom eye that just appears out of nowhere, not even attached to this beholder. As it does, another beam streaks out of it-- Yes. This is going to be-- This'll be at Scanlan. The eye for this one will be streaking out of this pillar here. No, no, it'll be this pillar or this wall here, and it just hits toward Scanlan. In the vicinity of the room. 20! All right. As a familiar beam hits you and begins to lift you off the ground, you manage to grab onto the side of the stonework and pull yourself out of its force before it can throw you into the same hole that Kima had tumbled into. All right. Grog, you're up. Okay. Okay, go ahead and roll for an attack. That hits! With a five, it fails its saving throw, so you take a plus one strength, he takes a minus one strength. 19? All right, great. The blade sinks into it, as you yank it back, go ahead and make an athletics check to pull the blade back. That's an eight-- You yank on the chain, and it's just still embedded in the bottom of the beholder, you can't seem to pull it back. You did, yes. All right, Grog, is that the end of your turn? Scanlan, you're up. You lucky, lucky gnome, it's your turn. 20 feet up, technically. Right at the roof? It might, you don't know. Depends on where you're hitting. If you aim it up here, it may hit Grog. Over here? Well, you can't see that wall area because it's all blocked there, you can only see through this passage. So you can only hit anything on the ceiling and this way. Unless you move into the room. Okay. So we'll say about there is where you can hit it. Go for it. Okay! What is the DC for the wand? Not for the wand, no. The wand has its own DC. It should-- Okay. It does make the save, so it takes half damage. So go ahead and roll damage on that. Currently with the blast area-- no, and it would have hit Percy, except for-- as the Fireball explodes, the fire just seems to dissipate around the cone, actually absolving the flame from its current position. He is affected, yes. 15 points of fire damage. Okay. The blast, and you can see some stones (thuds) from the ceiling from the impact of the blast. It weirdly shapes around the cone in the front of its eye. And do you want to move or are you going to stay where you are? Take a d10 inspiration dice for that. All right, Percy, it's your turn. Okay. So using your quick draw you-- Well, you have one hand, so you can pull out a second weapon. So go for it. 19 hits. Ten points of damage. With that you eviscerate-- As it croaks out (croaks) and just falls to the ground gurgling, into a pile. Yes. Nope. Yep, and then you get a next turn. Let me check the rules real fast just to make sure, because I don't want to screw you over. Let me double-check, because the internet will let me know if I mess it up. It's technically readying an action, so-- How it is with this, essentially, is you wait for the trigger, or you can ignore the trigger, which means if you want to, you can just do it at any point if it never happens, so at the end of the next person's turn, you could unleash-- Totally. Yeah. Yes, the spell is used, unfortunately. Beholders, man. They're assholes. Towards which way? One more, if you want to. Okay! Does not have legs, does not have wings. Hovering entities aren't really affected by prone. You would know that. Go for it. 18 just hits. Scanlan comes through again! Keyleth, you're on deck, so be prepared. 28 points of damage! That's the end of your turn, that's all your attacks. Okay. That ends it with Percy. At the end of your turn, Percy, it's going to do one of its eye rays. This one is going to be towards Grog, because Grog is out of the cone and rushed underneath, throwing the blade up, and stuck into it. One of the eyestalks shoots down-- Okay, Grog, I need you to roll a dexterity saving throw. 21, all right, not a worry. You manage to duck out of the way before it slams into you. All right! It was a black ray that streaked towards you. A ray you're very familiar with. All right, Keyleth. It's your go. Not from the ceiling, no. You currently only have two-- No, because it's mostly flame. It's the impact and explosion, it's not enough to damage the structure of it. Unfortunately it is considered worked stone. If you wanted to, like, shape up there and try and break through it, you could attempt that. Okay. Okay. So, you-- what's your movement as an earth elemental? 20-- 30-- it's cutting it close. All right, go ahead and make a strength check, with the strength of the earth elemental. Seven? No, you pull up and you slam your fist into the stone beneath you, and it cracks a little bit, but not enough to give way at all. So you are currently resting up in this vicinity. I mean, that's your action and your movement. Kima can't do anything right now, so Kima's just currently trying to heal her wounds a bit. She can heal-- At the end of your turn, it's going to attempt another eye ray. This one is going to be at Kashaw. Five through-- well, actually, those they don't have to reroll for the same, because they're each different turns. I need you to make a dexterity save, Kashaw. 21. You guys are rolling some serious fucking saving throws! As a DM who loves using a beholder, it's really frustrating. (laughter) Witch Bolt is an action to use and it only does 1d12. Well, you have to use your action to do it, which means you can't cast any other spells if you do it. Yeah. All right, so go ahead and roll three attacks with your ranged spell attack against the beholder. Plus? Okay, so that hits. Second one? Misses. And the third one? All right, so go ahead and roll 1d10 plus five. 11 points of damage as your beam streaks and blasts it from the side-- Both of the attacks do not get the magical bonus to hit and damage, so whatever your attack bonus is minus two to damage and hit. Actually, it would be minus four. All of your magical equipment doesn't work when you're in its eye. Right, but your actual bow is magical and adds to hit and damage. Minus two to hit and minus four to damage. Technically, it's just supposed to be plus two to hit on that item, actually. Misunderstanding. It's all good. So? That hits. And the other one is? This is with the minus two? Okay, they both hit. Roll damage on each, minus four. All right. 15 points of total damage. As you streak around, releasing these two mundane arrows from a mundane bow, momentarily, both hit, and you can see now, it's starting to look a little rough. It's hurting. There's streaks of blood out of various wounds it's taken. It still has Craven Edge jammed into its underside, stuck in its craw. All right, so that brings us back to the end of Zahra's turn, where it uses its third and final ray. Yeah, you can move if you want to. Where do you want to move? Okay. This last ray is going to-- This one's going to be at Scanlan, since all of the rays have hit everything else. Everyone's in his cone or hiding and Scanlan's the one little visible one there. All right, I need you to make a constitution saving throw, Scanlan. 17? All right. Jesus Christ, guys. You take, as this shimmering purple ray slams into your chest, you manage to get most of the ray to not impact you in the flesh, but where it hits, you do take some damage, so you suffer 16 points of necrotic damage. All right. Vex, you're up. You would be, yeah. You'd have to get over there to get to a space out of it. That hits. Hits. Misses. You get two hits on that with the Sky Sentinel. Correct. Okay, go ahead and roll for attack on that one. As the arrow ignites in the middle of the air, the enchantment is too strong and actually burns the arrow to a cinder before it reaches its target. Just scattering ash against its body. Okay. Actually, currently, all of the areas of the wall are taken by Trinket and Kashaw. You could have Trinket move out of the way. All right, so. At this point in time, now, you can see where the slime all over the walls-- All of a sudden, a series of tendrils begin to whip out of them. All right, so, good to know. So now pretty much all of the slime-covered walls in here and within this hallway are now reaching out these semi-translucent, almost created out of the same slime, tendrils that are reaching out and grasping. Yes. Out to here, so it's within ten feet. Vax, it's your turn. You have to guess. You don't know the specific elements of his ray. Well, first and foremost, at the beginning of your turn, I need you to make a dexterity save. All right. Don't say you're using evasion yet. It doesn't damage you. Or you could have wasted your evasion for no reason. However, you do avoid being grappled as they try and grab onto you and hold onto you. You can use your bonus action to--? All right, roll a stealth check. 25, okay. All right, right there. You do not have advantage, because it rolled a natural 20 on its perception check and you are not stealthed. That hits. That misses. Nine points of damage. A little toothpick impact. That ends your turn. Kash, at the beginning of your turn, I need you to roll a dexterity save. Ten. The tendrils wrap around you, and you're currently grappled, which means you cannot move. You could, yeah, if you really wanted to. No, it's just holding you in place. You can certainly try to, yeah. So he's going to make his dex save, which he makes, so he takes half damage, but go ahead and roll 8d4. Oh, sorry, 8d6 points of damage. 26, nice. So half of that would be 13. 13 points of fire and radiant damage as the column of flame bursts up around, impacting. You feel the impact from beneath you, from the blast of it. Maybe. You're grappled, so you can't move. You're there. All righty. That ends your turn. It is now the beholder's turn. The beholder is going to turn this way. It's going to back up this way, and it's going to stare down in this direction now. Do you want to hold on? You get dragged along, holding onto the chain. (laughter) So that's going to be three eye ray shots. Yeah, you're in the cone. It can't hit you with its eye ray. However, based on the visual there, it's going to be two rays against Kashaw and one against you. Vex. Yeah. Yeah, the eyestalks can see you from there. From that vantage point at the very top, yeah. Against you, Kashaw, I need you to make a constitution saving throw. Nine. Your muscles tense up and lock as you are paralyzed for a minute. You're frozen. While being held by the tentacles. You can't do anything on your turn. It still saw you. I need you to make a dexterity saving throw. 21. Yeah, you manage to duck out of the way. This part of the wall actually, however, blasts out from the impact there as the Disintegration ray destroys the stonework. All right, and Kashaw, I need you to make-- oh, no, you-- You can't. You are paralyzed, so you automatically fail dexterity saving throws. All right. The beam hits you and your skin begins to turn a dull gray as you begin to see your flesh beginning to harden around your body. That ends its turn. Grog, you're up. Okay, so this will be your bonus action to pull it out. Make your athletics check. Yeah. You pull the blade out and catch it in your hand. (laughing) Okay. All right. At the end of Grog's turn-- Actually, Grog. I fucking forgot to do that. I need you to make a dexterity saving throw, which you have advantage on. You're fine. All right, so at the end of your turn, it's going to do one of its reactionary eye rays. This one is going to aim for Vex again, because you're one of the few out of its area. Okay. Vex, I need you to make another dexterity saving throw. 14? Okay. You keep rolling high. It's interesting, I'm missing a bunch of different rays because they aren't even doing anything. Well, this one, however a similar black ray streaks downward and slams into you. You take 55 points of necrotic damage. All right, that is going to bring it to Scanlan's turn. That's as far as you can get, there. 25 feet. You're a gnome, man. Tiny little legs. You don't know. We'll find out if you try something. It doesn't work that way, buddy. Sorry. Where? Okay. Where were you putting the hand, by the way? Okay. You're fastball special-ing him with Bigby's Hand? I am so about this. (laughter) Okay, I want you to go ahead and make a strength check. So roll a d20 and add eight. Okay. The hand grabs Grog, rears back, and just full strength, lobs towards the beholder. Grog, you go flying up in the air with the added strength of Bigby's Hand behind you. What are you doing? Okay. You get plus eight onto each damage roll from the force of Bigby's Hand. Well, plus eight to damage, not hit. Yeah, so the first one? They're reckless attacks, so you have advantage on them. 19 hits. Second attack? 22 hits. Go ahead and roll damage on them. Oh, this is going to be nasty, man. Ooh. As you go streaking through the air, Grog, arc once with the blade across the top, severing a couple of the eyestalks. The second one tears through it. Fails both of its saves with a three and a two. (cheering) However, you pass over, and also then plummet immediately to the ground. (laughter) Falling prone. You take ten points of damage from the impact. Halved to five-- well, no, it's not bludgeoning damage, it's just falling damage. Yeah, you take ten points of fall damage and are prone on the ground. No, Bigby stays there, it's a bonus action. Bigby's just chilling right there where you left it, so. All right, great! That ends-- at the end of your turn, Scanlan-- Those words make no sense to you, but it sounds like a nice song. (laughter) All right. So, at the end of your turn, Scanlan, it's going to go ahead and use another one of its eye rays. This one's going to be at you. Make a constitution saving throw, Scanlan. 11. You take 36 points of necrotic damage from the enervation ray. All right, Percy, you're up. There? Okay. Sure. That hits, yes. Nice. Reload? 23 hits. Okay. Looking rough, man! Beholders. (gunshot) Reload. (gunshot) Reload a second time. (gunshot) Third and final shot. Each time, blasting chunks out of its flesh. You can now see, like, bits of teeth are shattered from the impact. The eye's now bloodshot and dark. Blood is, like, seeping from under the large eye, it's like (groans). At the end of your turn it's going to do its third and final one. All right, this is going to be at Zahra. No, Zahra, you're in its cone, so it's not going to aim it at you. You're paralyzed-- So, it's there-- Vex, you're up! Okay. Vex, I need you to go ahead and make a dexterity check. Yeah, you're fine. 23, all right. The interesting rays aren't coming up, it's really pissing me off. These are just, like, rays that just do damage, there's ones that do cool stuff. All right, Keyleth, you're up. Yeah. The wall, yes. It has, like, no armor class. Yeah, go ahead and roll damage. Double damage. The ceiling breaks as you move forward, falling down. How many attacks do you have as the--? True. So you do one slam attack to break it; for a second attack you could attempt to-- Oh, you can attempt to make a slam attack to push it down, if that's what you're wishing to do. All right, go ahead and make the attack. That was awesome. Okay. 21, that definitely hits. Let me just-- There we go. All right, so actually, that would be your athletics check. What was the athletics for the form? Strength. Yeah, so, what's the total? Yeah. 18, that works. So no damage is dealt, but you punch the Beholder down back onto the ground, and you land at its side, right there. It's, like, five feet above the ground; it's still within-- You're not on top of it per se, because you didn't grapple, you slammed it. So you land next to it, essentially. You take six points of fall damage from the impact. No big deal. That's right, is it a magical ability? Checking right now. Right, but as part of the-- that would be a grapple, as opposed to a slam, so unfortunately that wouldn't be the case. And for-- Wild Shape. "Magically assume the shape of a beast." As you fall past its eye-- (groaning) No, that was the placement where you were above it, unfortunately. All right. That ends your turn, though. Zahra, you're up. Sure. Okay! You go ahead and cast the spell, and as you reach behind-- No effect. One way to find out. What are you doing, Zahra? You're aiming at the screen, I don't know where that is. All right! So go ahead and roll a d20 with your spell attack modifier. Go ahead and roll your damage. So that's 5d12. All right, so it's 35 points of damage on, from the five-- Well, the plus two's after. 35 times two, so that would be 70 points of damage. 72 points of damage. All right, how do you want to do this? (cheering) Okay. My token's not facing the right way. All right, so. As you glance over at Scanlan and give him that visual perspective of, "Let's do this," you glance over, reach out your hand and pull Bigby's Hand towards you. It streaks up and grabs the back of the beholder like a baseball, just palming it, thrusting it down towards you, Zahra. Its mouth open, it reaches down, teeth open, momentarily frustrated by the moment, it's going to use this to try and bite down. As you reach up, you slam your staff up into its mouth and release the Witch Bolt at ground zero from the inside of its body. The eye widens for a second as the top of the staff pierces the upper part of its palate, and with a burst of black and bluish electrical energy, the entirety of its skull just (explosion), just detonates from the inside, sending chunks of slimy flesh and bone and whatever brain matter resides inside the cranium of this beholder scattering across the room. Yes, you are. Yes. Well, as the beholder dies, the ray eventually fades off-- And the tendrils retract into the wall. You hear the voice echoing from inside "I'm all right! Relatively speaking." As you come down, pulling your dagger out and using it as a torch, down in the inside as you're lowered, you can see there are hundreds of partially eaten corpses of those fish humanoids that you encountered earlier, as well as what appears to be various cradles of gathered slime and putrescence, the real core of where this Beholder had been existing at the bottom of this tomb. Kima's down there, currently holding one shoulder. You can see, she's tended to herself with her wounds for the most part on her own, but just currently looks up, like, "I've got nothing." As soon as you descend from the pit dangling from the rope, she goes "Okay! Good." Roll investigation. Okay. Okay. So you guys move up and push the sarcophagus open. As you guys slowly start bringing Kima up, the rope itself tense with the weight, 'cause she's wearing a lot of armor, but it manages to pull her up without issue. You go ahead to the top of the sarcophagus there and it is covered in black feathers, some of which got pushed off in the battle. You shove the top open and you can see inside a skeletal corpse that is resting, surrounded by what looks like very, very fine golden and silver jewelry that have just been laid at its sides. And on the corpse itself, you can see there is a set of jet-black studded leather armor that has a series of runic engravings and carvings along pretty much every square inch of the leather. And you can see around the the mantle of it, where the leather mantle falls, the edge is trimmed with black feathers. Make an investigation check. 15? You find what looks to be-- roughly, within the brief time you've spent, and you've spent like a good ten minutes kind of, like, combing through the slime, you find about six gold pieces. Plenty of fish-guy bones, yeah! All right. It's beautiful with the echo, it gives it this sort of reverberation effect to it. Okay, as Kima gets pulled over the edge, you reach over and help. She's like, "Thanks, "appreciate that, I-- that didn't go as planned. I'm a little embarrassed." "It was a very long fall! And I survived that--" "Eh, nothing I couldn't handle." "No." (laughs) Make an insight check. No, man. She owned that fall! I mean, there are chunks of, there are a few full teeth that you could try and take. Not a whole lot left to harvest. Like, it is destroyed. There's a few eyestalks that you could probably pull. Sure, go ahead and make an investigation check Okay, I need Vex, I need Percy, and I need Trinket to all make dexterity saving throws. You find a bunch of shitty spears, crappy leather, and through all them all, about 12 gold pieces. You manage, as you reach out and grab for the armor, as your fingers touch it, there's this vibration and it seems like the shadows, the nearby shadows in the corners, seem to reach up towards your hands. You pull back in time, but you and Trinket notice a little too late as there's a burst of death. A burst of death energy that just bursts out for a ten-foot radius around the entire sarcophagus. You avoid it. Both you and Trinket suffer 56 points of necrotic damage. Does that bring you below zero? Vex's body falls and hits the stonework, and you look over as you see her eyes stare up, the last bit of air escaping from her lungs as the life drips out of her form. The healing potion has no effect, and as you go to her, you can already feel the clutch to her skin. Her body is instantly cold from the necrotic blast. You glance over at the sudden intense energy of the room and see your sister lying cold and lifeless on the ground, being cradled by Zahra. Do you have it prepared? Do you have it prepared as one of your prepared spells? Check your list to see if it has a little dot next to it. Okay. No effect. You rush over. You reach in your pouch and pull out a bit of clustered diamonds in your hand that you keep just in case for such a circumstance, and as you place them out, you sprinkle them across her chest, pushing Vax a little bit away, knowing that you need the concentration on this, at which point you pull up the symbol, and this type of magic, life and death magic, draws a little closer than you feel comfortable with Vesh, and you realize at this moment that you're going to have to make the choice to possibly call her attention forth. Okay. So, we're going to do a quick ritual skill challenge as part of this revivify enchantment. So as you grasp the symbol, and as you do, you can see all of the scars across your forearm begin to light with a deep red crimson energy, just (hissing sound), and you close your eyes, and as you look up, you can see Kash's eyes just go straight black, and this dark energy begins to swirl off, and as it reaches out, it touches the diamonds, which then shatter upon impact, and the dark energy seeps into your sister's corpse. The back arches, though she does not register on the face or any of her movement. Her body lifts slightly in place, her arms just draped, dangling and scraping against the stone beneath her as she's elevated there. How do you guys want to help with this ritual? Okay, so you place the residuum across where the diamond dust was shattered and use that as almost a focus for the energy from the spell. All right, I need you to go ahead and roll an intelligence check. Just roll a d20 and add your intelligence modifier. That's for saving throws, not for ability checks. What did you roll? Six. The energy itself vibrates within the glass shards, which then shatter, seemingly not able to focus the energy of the spell. Okay, so as you take the moonstone, and-- are you speaking to your patron to aid with this? All right, so as you take the moonstone and hold it aloft, you place it near the focus of Kashaw's ritual. The dull white glow begins to intermingle with the dark, shattered energy of Vesh's grant, and as they impact, it creates this strange grey swirl. I need you to go ahead and roll an arcana check. Roll a d20 and add your arcana skill to it. Okay. The grey balances, and where the two meet now, there is just grey energy seeping into her body. You, focusing, look up at the altar where the body was, and you see the very faint drifting image of a dark female form looking on. Who wants to make the third and final attempt to aid? Go ahead and make a persuasion check. With advantage. 11. Okay. At this point, the dark female form that drifts from the altar, you glancing up intently, feeling the sudden intense, fearful gaze of Vesh upon you. As it gets closer and closer, the presence is different. What you feared was Vesh is not Vesh, actually. It is an image, a specter of the Raven Queen herself. The face is formless at this proximity. You can't make any details. It's just this perpetually blurred female form of a face. The hair just tumbles down past, and as it steps forward, no expression, no words. The hand reaches out towards you, Vax. There's a nod. The magic strengthens, focusing through your moon crystal into Vax's body. I'll take a picture of this so that no one questions this. A moment passes. A second moment passes. The vision of the Raven Queen nods the head to you, steps backward, and the specter vanishes. (gasping) Breath fills Vex's lungs as she begins to cough, her form drifting back to the stonework. Your vision clears, and you find yourself looking up at the partially broken stone ceiling of the dark altar into the face of your brother, tears streaming down his face, the rest of your friends gathered around. No. At which point, you immediately have this perpetual slapping of wet bear tongue across your face as Trinket is just (bear noises) nuzzling up against you and, like, pressing all his weight against your body to an almost intense degree. No, that's-- the moment you touched it is when that blast went off. As you walk back up to the altar and look on the inside, the corpse is dust. The blast, whatever it was, while it didn't damage anything, seemingly, the remains are dust. The armor is laid there, same place it was when you found it, if a little slumped in without any sort of something to fill it out. Also, most of the jewelry that's there has turned green and seems to have been robbed of whatever precious metal it was once contained. The only thing that sticks out to you is what looks to be a black crystal that comes to a point on one end. It has a loop on it like it was part of a medallion or a necklace or some sort of a loop to carry on a chain. Those are the only two things you see within. No, the leather is there. The corpse is gone. Yeah, yeah. It's pushing the boundaries of Mage Hand, but you can try. Yeah. It's full leather armor. You can just-- I'd say-- Well, all the runes are inscribed there; you can make an arcana check. Or religion check, one of the two, probably would. The language is a forgotten language. It has been dead for-- probably since before the Divergence. But your eyes clarify on it in the arcane nature of your sight. You pick up phrases throughout, and it is a tale of the creation of the Raven Queen. It is a tale of her ascendance from mortal to immortal. It is the history of her penance for ascending and taking the throne of another entity that was supplanted. It's just seemingly a history tale that is woven in with a very, very strong enchantment, and you see within each one of these little runic sections, there are mentions of elements fire, ice, lightning, you know, it runs through all these various elemental arcane properties that are bound into this enchantment. You're not entirely certain what the nature of it is. Okay. It is very magical, it is very enchanted, and I'd say, based on the circumstances in looking at this, whatever the blast that was set off here, the runic elements that maintained that trap that were in the sarcophagus are currently expended. You can take the black crystal as well. You don't know. But there were two runic circles within the inside of the sarcophagus that were not visible when you first looked into it, that are both now visible and expended of energy. Yeah. You'd probably have to take some time with it, like a short rest, to go ahead and ascertain the nature of it. So you gather your findings, your first retrieval of one of the Vestiges of Divergence a success, barring difficult circumstances. You make your way back out through the tomb. Yeah. Well, it wouldn't be an issue. We'll say for the sake of story brevity, you guys make your way up through the temple in relative silence, just taking in the moments that have transpired. Through the aid of Keyleth and the rest of the party, you manage to make your way back out the way you came, parting the remnants of the Marrowglade Loch, and start making your way back, in the darkened evening hours, towards Vasselheim. Do you want to rest on the outside of the loch here? Okay. Now it's Keyleth and Kashaw-- As you guys head back, the rest of you have gathered at the same camp set-up you had the night before. Kima-- while you guys were doing this, Kima's fixed a little bit of a meal at the base and set up her own Bahamut arc of protection on the tree below where you guys are set up. As everyone gathers around, she kinda gets your attention for a moment and goes "All right, so "best that I can understand, we have most of our allies and many of the survivors at your place, "right, in Whitestone?" "While you're seeking most of these things, that's where the bulk of our hope resides. This is "also, you say, where Allie is, and where the rest of the survivors of the Council are." "Okay. Well, for the time being, I'm probably going to head there and make sure that we "have defense in case any of these dragons manage to get some sort of wind that this is where their "possible usurpers are. They're going to hit it, and they're going to hit it hard. Want to make "sure that we have at least a decent chance of defending these people. So I figure, all strength "that we can spare, beyond those that are searching for these artifacts, go and stay there at the "moment. Besides, it'd be good to catch up with a few friends, myself." "You're welcome to join us in Whitestone. We could use the help over there." "I can guarantee you, probably, seeing what you guys can do today, we can definitely make use "of that better over there than killing things for cash here in Vasselheim. But to each their own. "Just a noble cause. Helping your friends, whatever." "And, just to put this out there, and I don't mean to say this in any selfish way, but I'm "really sick of sleeping in trees. Do you have one of those tree travel things you have already to "Whitestone? I could really use a bed." "Great!" As the tree opens-- Teleport via Plants. As the tree splits open, showing the portal, Kima, whose eyes light up, looks over. "That--" "Well played, druid. Well played." And she charges through eagerly, and you guys all follow suit out of the Sun Tree in Whitestone and find yourselves a comfortable bed to sleep for the evening. And that's where we'll call tonight's game. I know it was long, but also, due to scheduling shifts and, y'know, Will couldn't stay for the next week, I didn't want to have to leave in the middle of that, I wanted to give you guys closure to the arc. So thank you for staying for a long session. It's only the Champion of the Goddess of Death, man. Huh? I rolled a 12. The DC starts at ten. Each failure increases the DC by one, and a success lowers it by three. So it had gone to 12, and the success had brought it down to a nine. If I had rolled an eight or lower, you'd have been gone for good. Well, she would've been gone for good. You would've had to have made a very serious journey elsewhere, possibly, to make that exchange. You still could've done Raise Dead, it just would've been a little more expensive. No no no, no, Raise Dead is a proper, like, resurrection-type spell. It just is really expensive, and it's a ritual, there are limitations to it. Revivify is good, but it has to be used within a minute. Which means when you used previously before and we were in mid-combat, and I didn't want to do the whole frickin' ritual in the middle of the battle, so I let it go through. Thank you, Mary and Will, for-- Yeah! I know, man! That was, that was a good-- that was delightful overkill. That was, like six points left on that beholder. And you're like, "Oh, like 70-something." He was wrecked. Guys, well done. Well, welcome back, glad we're--