(laughing) Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical-- fuck you, Liam! Fuck you! Tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons and Dragons. Oh, that's gonna come back to haunt you. Welcome to tonight's episode. We have quite an episode tonight. We'll have that to get to in just a moment. First, we'll get through our announcements for the evening. First and foremost, our wonderful sponsor tonight, returning to sponsor the show, Lootcrate! To open that up, Sam, who could not be here tonight unfortunately, Sam Riegel is not able to make the episode. He did make a video, however, to help get us in the spirit of Lootcrate's awesomeness. If you want to go ahead and show that for us. Thank you very much, Sam. We look forward to having you back next week in one form or another. What? What? But to finish up the details of our wonderful Lootcrate sponsorship, we have Ashley Johnson joining us thankfully from New York. The monster herself. Thank you, Ashley. All right, so, next up we have merch announcements. Laura, do you want to go ahead? Yay! So, you get to enjoy that. Thank you, Laura. Also a reminder, we have Anime Milwaukee coming up, February 17th through the 19th. We have me and Marisha and Laura and Travis will be in attendance with some cool folks. (all cheer) Anyone else have anything they wanna talk about? All right, then. Then, let's bring it down just a little bit-- --as we step into tonight's episode of Critical Role. (nervous sounds) (opening credits) (laughs) High five from the screen. There you go. The dragon destroyed. However, their friend, Scanlan, still lifeless and still, growing colder as the minutes passed. Picked up his body and you fled the cavern to the outside of the island after discovering the teleportation or, at least, the magic of transport had some sort of an alteration or a funkiness to it, if you will. You watched as two of your allies, Kima and Allura, were, instead of teleporting away through a circle, sent deep out into the ocean. You managed to find them (laughs) through a very lucky perception roll. And at least was able-- you were able to connect your Transport via Plants through one of the outside trees by the beach to get you all to Whitestone. There you took Scanlan's body to the recently constructed temple to the Raven Queen and in preparing for this ritual the Gatestone was taken by Vex, who with the help of the Realmseer Eskil Ryndarien, transported to Kymal, made your way through the riff-raff to one of the darkened taverns there, to find Kaylie, Scanlan's daughter, long-estranged and rambunctious daughter but daughter nonetheless. Handed her the Gatestone and she vanished in a puff of arcane smoke, leaving you and-- Eskil more confused than you, within the tavern. And that... is where we jump back in for the evening. So, as you guys are waiting carefully, figuring out what to do in these moments. Pike, as you're cleaning the area, cleaning the body and doing the best you can to begin preparing for a ritual that you are hoping will be in the favor of you and your friends. Percy, as you hold the other end of the Gatestone, you feel it begin to glow and warm in your hand and you instinctively take a step back as within a bright flash (fizzle sound) you watch as Kaylie, the gnomish, short-haired, rambunctious bard stands there now, near the entranceway to the Raven Queen's temple holding the other Gatestone. She's clutching it, her face still stoic and confused by the sudden transference. She takes it and drops it to the ground. Right. Good to see all of you. So... Is it true? "Let me see the bastard." And she pushes past and muscles through you who've just previously begun to walk into the temple slowly kind of taking in the gravity of the situation and whether or not you want to even step up the plate on this, in that quiet, tense, slow but perpetual thought process that is Grog. You feel a small hand grab the side of your hip and shove, though to no effect, you just feel a little tug as Kaylie pushes past you. "Pardon me big man" And you watch as she darts up to where Pike is currently preparing the body for the ritual. You watch as Kaylie steps up to the edge and gets up onto the top of the central altar and stands over quietly looking down over Scanlan's cold body. She crosses her arms. "He made me a promise." "You made me a promise!" And she leans forward, kneels down and slaps him across the face (cracking sound) "You made me a promise." And she gets up and (sniffle) wipes her nose a bit and hops off and just storms Okay, she just keeps charging, not stopping not slowing. You eventually get outside. You guys watch as Kaylie pushes past, and then Pike shortly thereafter. She spins around, looking at you. You can see her fists are clenched at her sides, face still dry but you can see the water just slightly, barely keeping back in her eyes. She goes, "What?" (sarcastically laughs) "Those days have passed I'm afraid." (laughs) "Oh, he's- he's loved a lot of girls in his days. That I'm certain." (sighs) "Well, get on with it then. I figure at the very least we can go "about our business when this is over. Clear conscience and all that. "How much time do you need?" "Well, have we time for a drink?" "I'm going to get a drink." And she just walks back into Whitestone. You're still in there, right now by yourself, as Pike just pushed past you, and you have Scanlan alone, on the altar. He looks the same, just...paler. He's been cleaned, so, the rest of you are a mess still, but he's clean, his hair is pulled back and brushed a bit by Pike as part of the preparation for the ritual, his clothes still tattered and worn from previous battles but-- Nothing. It's cold to the touch. He's been gone for a while now and there's very little difference between the touch of the stone he's on and the chest other than the fleshy texture. Okay. Pike, you go in and finish the preparations for the ritual. And the ritual itself is an hour long once the spell is engaged. You're just cleansing the temple, some of the leaves that have blown in. What's everybody else doing in the meantime? Okay. Kerrek? Alrighty. You finish preparations. Kaylie hasn't returned at that moment. About ten minutes more pass and you hear small footsteps begin to make their way to the outside of the temple. There, stepping through, a little wobbly, but a stoic, stone faced Kaylie, her hair kind of damp and slicked back with her fingers  as she comes through. (sniffs) "All right, let's get it over with." And you can smell the alcohol. She stumbles up to the temple and puts her hands on the altar "So, do your thing." She turns around and looks up at you as she is, practically, just past your thigh. Well be careful, I'm at the right height to be juggling your-- (laughs half-heartedly) She lingers on your eye contact for a second, gives a nod.  She gives you a tap and turns back around, and puts her hands on the altar. All right, so as Pike takes her holy symbol out and begins preparing and burning the incense, you, conscious that while you are a follower of Sarenrae, you are in the space of the Raven Queen, take heed to make sure that the symbols you prepare as part of the ritual are a union of the symbols of redemption, which call to your divine nature, and the cycle of life, that are indicative of the Raven Queen's spheres of both fate and passing.  You orchestrate them in a way that is synergistic, so that there is a definitive intent to not let this life-line sever. As you finish the completion of these various symbols and glyphs, spreading the salts across with each line that is drawn, you then begin to gather everyone around the altar itself, closing the doors behind you. You pull out the diamond component of this resurrection ritual. If you want to mark it off within your gear, either if you have a diamond worth 1000 gold or just mark 1000 gold off. At which point you take the diamond and place it over Scanlan's chest, and you begin uttering the incantation. What begins as a small whisper begins to echo, and you hear the source of the voice from Pike, but within a minute, it's almost like the voice is sourceless. It begins to fill the room. It seeps from every corner. We hear Pike from all sides, and the more she begins to chant, the more you hear this very faint chorus begin to join in, a harmonizing voice. A secondary harmonizing voice. And you are familiar with this. This is the initiation of the ritual. This is the reaching out to the soul, the bond, the thread that maintains the connection of the spirit to the prime material plane. Now, who would like to make a contribution to the ritual? Go ahead and make a persuasion check with advantage. Okay. As Grog steps away, you watch as a portion of the circular glyph pattern of the ritual around you lights up, the first contribution being presented. Who wishes to take the next presentation? Okay. I'd say go ahead and make-- make a performance check with advantage. All right. As you finish the poem you had wrote and step back, the second of the three portions of the circle comes aglow, and you realize, as she was speaking this poem, the chanting that she had begun has just continued without her, like as the ritual continues the chanting seems to have been taken and echoed by the actual essence of the spell. As she stepped out of the incantation it continued on its own; it continues to swell, stronger and stronger. At this point as you step back, there's a flash of movement at the edge of the altar, and with a double clack of her shoes, you watch Kaylie land her flip onto the top of the altar, stand up straight, wobble for a second, and catch her-- she pulls out her fiddle. Her instinct is to pull away as you grasp her wrist, as it is instinctive for any man who tries to lay a hand on her. In a moment she fights the instinct, and as the healing energy flows through her arm she closes her eyes, and for the first time since she arrived, you watch as the tears that she had kept at bay blink down her cheek, finally. She reaches over and taps your hand twice with her bow, and still not making eye contact with you, just nods, and begins to play a beautiful, soft, sad violin piece that begins to swell faster and faster and faster and transition from a mournful piece of remembrance into a lively, jovial fiddle piece. The music begins to pick up, and she begins to dance, her feet clacking across the top of the altar. The juxtaposition of the energy and the emotion of the room towards this strange rush of energy and liveliness is awkward at first, and then welcome, and you can't help but, in spite of yourselves, smile. The sound fills the room as she goes faster and faster and faster, her feet clacking, faster and faster, across the stone work on the top. She brings it to a giant crescendo, finishes with a flourish, the bow (makes a whooshing noise) outside. She puts her head up, and you see the tears streak down her face, no smile, just a stone expression, and she gives a bow. That's a performance check on that. The third, and final, portion of the ritual begins to swell. As the magic crescendos, we take into account the final roll. I'm going to post this right now. And I assure you guys, this is what got rolled. It's right there. I haven't touched it since it landed. Two natural 20s. It was 14 for Kaylie's performance roll, and then a 20. There was--I mean with the DC increase, because he was at a 12. I missaid 13 last week, it was a 12, and we had two successes and one failure. That brought it from a 13, ten, to a seven. So we had a one through six and he would have been good. Yeah. Anyway. As you all take in the moment, it appears that Scanlan's spirit has returned to the body. Go for it. Go ahead and roll it. Okay. He is alive, and he's breathing. His body has been ravaged by the experience and trauma of death. His body has been ravaged by the trauma of the resurrection. He is borderline comatose right now. You've seen trauma have this impact on bodies before. It could be minutes, hours, days, who knows? But with the right treatment, usually people recover. It's not like a heavy skull trauma induced coma, it's just the physical exhaustion of the experience. So there may or may not be something you could do at the moment to rouse him from his slumber, but Scanlan lives. Okay. He's warmer now. He's also drooling a little bit, and may have wet himself a second time. But he's warmer. All right, as you guys begin to step outside-- Kerrek, you're there at the door after Kaylie charged out. Kima and Allura, who are just waiting outside, respectfully, are kind of engaged, but you watch as Kima immediately pushes up "Is he--?" "(sighs and then scoffs) And you were worried. So dumb." (laughs all around) Allura steps up behind her and puts her hands on Kima's shoulders and goes, "Well, that's good news. Take care of him. We'll probably return to Emon and help helm the "remainder of the cleaning, and situation, of Emon gather the dead, see who we still have alive, "and come back soon with an idea of what we have to rebuild." Sure. 26. Who can, though?  I mean, I have to rest before I can find our way back to Emon quicker, but the sooner the better. We did kind of leave the city in a vacuum of leadership, depending on who survived the conflict there, and I want to make sure that we have whatever remains of the council there to put the pieces back together and count the dead; make sure we don't leave a vacuum of power so that another Thordak-like entity can sweep in and lead us back on a dark path. " I shall. (sighs) I, for one, need to get clean." She taps Kima's shoulders, and Kima says, "Me too," and they both walk up towards the castle. What do you guys want to do? At this time, the arrival here... It's pushing past sunset, I'm pretty sure. Or if not, it's probably early night at this time with the hour for the ritual, so-- Okay. Kerrek? Okay. Staggering behind a bit, just ruminating on the current events. Vex, you are still back at Kymal with Eskil Ryndarien, who has come back with drinks and says, "So...what business have you here, to drag me this far out to town?" "Well, I suppose--" I just want you to know that I'm not interested. (laughter) I understand that, and I've had my heyday, but those years are long past me now. And he seems legitimately really disturbed and walks away. Okay, he's sitting. He's actually half passed out now, in the back corner. He wasn't there for the whole exchange with Kaylie. His hat's pushed over his eyes, and he has an empty tankard there in his one hand. You don't see where his other hand is. And you sit down? All right. You glance under the table and you come right face to face with a crossbow that is under the table pointed in your direction, and without moving, you hear him grin under his chin. "(laughs) Nice try, Vex'ahlia." So do you know my coin is mine? (chuckles) He puts the hat up a bit over his eyes now, and you can see him. He gives you a sort a brow push. As much as I could from a distance, yeah. Seems our old pal finally had his adventures catch up to him. I've had friends come and go through the years. It's part of the job. Well, no. Each one hurts, but-- Look, doll, I've lived in some of the harshest landscapes Tal'dorei and beyond has to see. I've watched people torn asunder in the streets before me. I have-- Okay. (all laugh) Make a perception check. 22. You catch the crossbow still placed there, but his other hand has slipped underneath and has been slowly reaching toward your- (laughs) Always. But, yeah. Not cold, just pragmatic. When you lose enough people you learn to just move on. He's a special pain in my ass. Nah, he's great. He'll be missed. To Scanlan Shorthalt and our brief but very lucrative carrier together. By the way, if you're curious, we're looking to sell off some of this really nice silverware that we-- He just smiles at you, his big bright toothy grin. I'm always lucky. That's why I'm still alive. All right. I've got a few more of these to put down. Stay safe, Vex'ahlia. He looks legitimately-- like the wink afterward-- his face has a mixed signals expression. (all laugh) I'm not sure if you're serious... Right, right, no. Gotcha. Psh, yes, fine. Besides, you seem like you're already shacking up with a... curious gentleman. "Strange bedfellows." (all laugh) He goes and orders another round. You go ahead and find yourself up there with two separate rooms purchased by Eskil, all the way across the hall. He rapidly hands you the key, and says without making eye contact, "Your room is at the end, please, yes," and finds his way. You hear the door (clicking sound) and lock behind him Well, nobody told Allura to contact you. No. Yeah. So, as she is going throughout the room and napping through the day-- It's taken you guys hours to prepare the ritual, bring Kaylie there, the whole circumstance, so yeah, she's been up for a few hours, waiting. The rest of you guys back at the castle, anything else you want to prep for the evening? Okay Okay, so you take him back to his chamber. You stay next to him as he's sleeping, making sure he's okay. All right. Everyone else, just-- Okay. Yeah, as you go find her, she's already in her night clothes and has brought her hair down and is like, "Yes, actually, I can. Thank you for reminding me." Probably both. I will make sure she knows. Of course, of course. Sleep well. You've done-- you've done good. You've all finished what I started. "Very well. I can bring most of you with me. Should not be an issue. All right, rest well. Have a good night." She goes back inside. Okay, it doesn't take you long to find it. You've seen where they keep most of it and since you're already an esteemed guest of the keepers here of Whitestone, they have given you a bottle, already open, but promised to have been fine quality and it doesn't take you long to hear the various bodily functions of Grog Strongjaw in the hallway, watching Scanlan's room. As it's now the middle of the night, close to midnight or so, you come across Grog alone leaning up against the wall, arms crossed, just waiting outside of Scanlan's room. Roll an intelligence check. You detect notes of alcohol. Very strong alcohol. Yeah. Yeah. (laughs) You hear them muttering from across the wall, but do you wanna listen in? Both of you guys make perception checks. You're around the way. You catch the tail end of the conversation, just the questioning back and forth. You pick up bits and pieces of it, and you're able to make out the gist of the conversation. Okay, as you guys are finishing passing the bottle back and forth, Scanlan's door opens and Pike just barely pushes her head out from the crack. So, Percival, you hear just enough to hear the talk about needing a body and then alcohol. Uh, sure. Make it with disadvantage, because it was through a wall. It's hard to pick up nuances without seeing expressions and stuff. Yeah, bass, practically. 18? It's too hard to pick up without the nuances. From through a wall, I mean, the fact that you could pick up any of the words is one thing, but most of insight is based around facial expressions, physical activity. You have no idea. That, too, yeah. So, you wander in. Kerr wandered away. All right, so you sit for a bit, Kerr eventually returns with a second bottle of matching alcohol, unopened though, the same-- Oh, so you go for a third bottle as well. Two unopened bottles of the same brackish liquor. Okay, so Pike and Percival, you have a fresh bottle jammed into your hand. Scanlan is definitely alive. And he is. He is still wearing his armor, unwashed. A few of you have gotten washed, a few of you are still kind of, you know, going over the events of today. Grog is not washed. Yes. So yes, he is still wearing his armor. Well, it's up to you. Other members in this room have gotten quite drunk. Yeah. Grog leaves. Is there any other business you guys want to conduct before the evening's done? Kerr, by the way, is pretty trashed at this point. Okay. Okay. All right, nightgown retrieved, pudding, a little stale but retrieved. Yeah. Actually yeah. You're a little thicker than Scanlan. Got some-- ASHLEY and Ain't nothing wrong with that. Ain't nothing wrong with that. (all laughing) Essentially, yes. You're the monster. All right, so you have the nightgown and you have the pudding, what's the plan? All right so Kerr, you watch as Percival and Pike begin undressing Scanlan's comatose body-- --and re-dressing it in a nightgown-- --and then stage by stage, taking handfuls of room temperature, probably day-old pudding-- --and desserts and smearing them across the room-- LAURA, TALIESIN, and --and Scanlan himself. It's a small forehead. All righty. So, you complete your art project. Okay. (laughs) That's perfect. Great, okay. (laughs) You unintentionally learn more about Kerrek's history than you expected to. All right, and with the presentation complete, your diorama con Scanlan, the evening draws late. It is now probably a good 230, 3 o'clock in the morning upon completion. Yeah, we're gonna get to that right now. You did get a message from Allura that tells you that the ritual is successful. Scanlan is alive. Yes? (confused bear noises) Trinket rushes out after you. "(aggressive bear noises)" You-- (laughs) you look down and there's maybe three people in the open expanse of the tavern floor, two of which are passed out on tables, one of them in their own vomit and there is-- the door to the tavern is still open and the one barkeep is somebody else has taken on the night shift, who's currently just sitting back and reading a book. Just kinda looks up at you, "Shhhhh." What? Okay, you approach the gentleman, who-- you know, receding hairline, short, kind of salt and pepper hair, bit of a double chin going on. A portly fella in his probably late forties or so, kinda square spectacles at the tip of his nose with his book he sits down to the side. He's wearing just a simple tunic with a little bit of an apron on. "Um, uh (sputtering) sure, I uh, I suppose." Alright, um, I'll pour my drink. "That'll be the Supple Wake, um--" And he pulls this dark red, terracotta jug from underneath and it has a wax seal on the top of it that's kind of currently closed off and he, "This'll run you about uh, 20 gold for the bottle. It's the best we have." He looks over and he just sees like, lumbering across the room-- He didn't notice at the time, just kinda transfixed by your sudden strangeness. Yeah. Suddenly there's a giant bear (crashing noises) and he goes, "Um... okay. (nervous laughter)" (sound of the bottle being popped open) --passes them over-- --and puts over into a bowl and kinda sets it onto the edge and Trinket kinda pulls and grabs the edge of the bowl with a big claw and it tips over and kinda splashes-- --and as Trinket's face is (licking noises). Gets up on the top. Gets both arms up on the actual bar and is kinda like crushing the wood a little bit and knocked the bowl over and it's spilled out and he's like (slurping) and the guy's just sitting back leaning further and further away, grabs his glass... --to the night shift" (all laugh) I don't know! I spent a lot of time alone as a kid. (laughs) (dudebro voice) Spring break! (all laugh) So as you rush in, you can see everybody kind of slightly groggily having their breakfast in the main eating hall of Whitestone castle. At which point, you turn around in the room and you see Eskil entering with his little walking stick like (back cracking noises) (old man groan). I'll take my meal in my room. "... good day." (all laugh) Pike, holistic cleric. Kerrek now wanders in very hungover Stayed there overnight? Okay! (with a "narrator" voice) Where is Vax? (whooshing sounds) Okay. So, as you guys continue breakfast-- LAURA and (laughs) Yeah. And you arrive and catch up with everybody and your brother's not there. The bad influence of Vox Machina. Vax. After a long night of meditation on your place between the mortal realm and divine, the ramifications or meaning behind the choices in allowance that destiny still lays unfulfilled, to have not felt intervention against the return of the spirits of those you've lost weighs a bit on you. The idea that to not allow a thread to be severed means there's still a plan. And that worries you. Because that means, in what little scope you have, you don't see that there's still more work to be done, at least as far as she's concerned. As tonight you've had nothing but silence within the temple. And then (slams) the door slams open, the bright light of the morning just (swooshes) across you as you're on the altar, and there you see, silhouetted in the light, the outline of your sister. (Trinket groans) Okay. Alright. As you guys head back, you all gather at this point in time. Allura and Kima have woken and met up with you, begin to make arrangements and telling you to gather your things if you're going to journey with them to Emon to find your way there. You guys have everything you need? Yeah, you all had a night's rest.  Well, not alone, we can have Keeper Yennen watch over him, we have a number of guard here, and soon as any word comes to his rousing we will make sure that it's sent to us. As his laughter begins to build, a second set of laughter gets to join in, as you see coming around the corner, laughing a still drunk, not slept, Kaylie... --comes with circles in her eyes, just goes, "Heh, well, that there's some fancy work, whoever did that". That's choice! (laughs) Knot, exactly! Knot! A few knots. You know what, I'll stay here, I'll watch over him, I'll make sure the knots are changed in time. I kinda wanna be here to see his face. Comfortable! Make sure he stays comfortable. I'm fine. "I'm sure I do." Her hair is kind of all clustered to one side now, and you can see the stains on her shirt, but she still looks like she could probably take somebody in a bar-fight. You can definitely see in this moment more than anything, she is of Shorthalt stock. "Well, go on! Do your thing." Well, I shall certainly ask. And I will need everything. Kind of rushes past you and sits down and starts eating the leftovers of whatever dish was not finished.  I need to add that to the Campaign Guide. I need to do that. de Boink. "All right." She finishes eating. Allura is watching this whole thing in the distance with her arms crossed. "Whenever you're ready, shall we?" "Now, please, hands together." And there's a rush of cold wind (whooshing sound) which takes up suddenly the familiar sensation of teleportation as you're all thrust back into the outside of the Cloudtop District, exterior of the gates. You can see there's still smoke rising up, but as opposed to the clouds of billowing cinders and flame, it appears that most buildings in the immediate vicinity, while black and darkened and broken, no longer rage of burning fire. The smoke has gone from pitch-black to bits of dark grey and plumes of white. You can see already there is a bustle throughout the city as a number of bodies are laid out across the ground with bits of gathered cloth placed over them, those who had fallen in the battle and are being gathered, being prepared to be brought back to their families. The sky is a clear cloudless crystalline blue. Yes. No, it's been, it's been a day and a half or so since the battle happened. There is no current clouds or storm in the sky. But as you do appear, you see there are a number of soldiers in patchwork armor, some that appeared to be in similar outfits as the Fort Daxio soldiers that you met there during the pre-battle circumstance. There are few that you recognize as Syngornian armor, and a few that are just people gathered what they could and have been part of the fray and the recovery process. You can see, in all the turmoil and darkness and the destruction you've seen in this city, it's strangely beautiful and welcoming to see that there is life thriving again as people are returning, doors are being pushed back upon the frames, people are searching for survivors behind the rubble and the various homes, and finding them. And you're seeing families that are stepping out and being reunited as you begin to walk through the street. You can see, essentially, the hidden heartbeat of the city is re-emerging once more to take back what it's lost. All of you are caught speechless for a few moments and you take in this vision, and begin to walk as Allura kind of leads you, looking around and walks on and talks to a few guards. She glances back to you and kind of smiles. "Well, you've done it." And you hear a voice behind her, a kind of echoing shout. "Kerrek!" And you watch a familiar female face come rushing up in clanking armor (clanking noises), and she rushes up and just socks you across the face. Whack! This is Samantha. (all laugh) Where'd you go? What'd you do? (laughs) You've been gone for two days. Everything's fine, we're ready to go! Kerr? She looks down at her fist. "I just punched a badass." She pats you in the arm (clanging noise), then a clang in her armor against yours. "Well, good. Glad to see you back in action. "Glad to see you fighting, kicking ass, killing dragons." And you see her now, her expression goes from kind of joyous excitement to see him return to a somber tone. "Yes, um, we have the bodies on carts and the rest "of us are ready to make the trek back to Westruun." All right, well, about three blocks down that way, turn to the right, second square. She turns around and makes her way off and, looking over her shoulder, kind of grinning a little bit. Looks at her fist again, looks back, shakes her head, and just keeps walking. As you watch Kerr slowly walk down the street, looking back, making his way to this current chapter of his re-adventuring, to gather those he brought up here willing to die for the battle that you finished, we're going to take a break. Definitely. (laughs) Thank you so much, Patrick. Guys, we'll take a break. We have a giveaway, actually, 'cause we didn't get a break last week. We have a big Wormwood giveaway to do here at the end of the break, with a big old cluster. So, pay attention to the chat room. They'll have all the information for you on how to get and be a part of that. And we'll see you here in a few minutes. (all cheer) [BREAK] Apparently, we had a penguin explode in the background. There's no break. I get an instinctual nervousness now right before we go live because of you assholes now. Like this kind of Pavlovian, kind of (nervously) okay. There it was. Second time. I don't know. Yeah, I know. Just keep rolling your dice. All right, anyway. Welcome back, guys. So the winner of the contest in the chat room is kalagrace. K-A-L-A-G-R-A-C-E. Congratulations! (all cheer) They haven't told me. From Wyrmwood. Cool stuff, apparently. There's stuff here in a big stack this big. That kind of stuff. But you won it, and it's going to be really cool, so congratulations kalagrace. Boom! (laughs) All right, so back into the game. After you watched Kerrek walk away, the city itself is getting its bearings. People are returning to the recovery process, post-Conclave. Emon's rebuilding and restructuring. What do you guys want to do? Did you retrieve your items, by the way, from the ritual? Okay, yeah. I assumed post-ritual you weren't going to just leave your favorite artifacts on the altar. Traded it out? Okay. Cool. What else would you guys like to do? What's your plan? You've been gone for a couple of days, and it's been moving. You could ask around if you want to try and get some information about the current circumstance. The people of your keep you brought to Whitestone with you. They've been there. It's been a while. It's been a year. Jarett is recovering. Jarett's still in Whitestone. Jarett's proud and excited about the things you've accomplished, but Jarett needs a vacation. Yeah. (laughs) If you want to roll an investigation check, Vex. Okay. Spending the next hour or so asking around from various people, you don't come across any notable allies that you recognize, but the word is that the remaining bulk of the standing army of Emon and Fort Daxio, combined with the remnants of Syngorn's army-- half went back to Syngorn, just in case, and the other half remained to help with the relief effort here-- as well as The Clasp. The Clasp is now bringing people they'd been keeping underground and hidden back to their homes, back to their locations. It seems that the structure, for now, is focused on the relief effort and the returning of the city to its people. As far as the actual Council structure, you don't hear anything yet, on that point. To be fair, half of the Council was at Whitestone, and you haven't heard from any of the people that you knew on the Council who came as part of the battle yet. What do you guys want to do? Well, when Sovereign was slain, part of his instruction was to hand power entirely over to the Council. So we are still the power structure of the city. It's more of a localized republic. We need to enforce that structure. While you take to what business you need, I'm going to try the best I can to amass the remaining members of that Council and install some sort of political structure here, now. Partly for the reason you mentioned, and partly because we don't want the military suddenly running the show, either. Yeah. He didn't want to be a tyrant with advisors. He wanted to have a council that best represented the people's interests in power. Essentially, yeah. Yes. Salda and the children are currently there. We've kept them safe, and Salda will most likely be placed on the Council, as she has quite a bit of knowledge and experience, and to keep the memory. If we can recover his body or some semblance of it, I will also see that there is a monument built to the memory of the Sovereign. I think if I can find one or two of my friends, definitely. Your strengths are best tended to elsewhere. Don't worry. I know Mikhail is around, and me and him have a good rapport, and he has the military at his back, so if anything goes south or wrong, I know how to let you know. So much as you stay on this realm. Don't go vanishing to other planes without letting me know, please. Please. No. Yes? She takes the dark box, and it has small chained edges on each end. She inspects it for a moment. "The box does have a very faint magical essence to it, but it appears to be purely "protective. I'm not entirely certain of anything beyond that. It's very faint." Kima's in the process of going around and gathering information and checking in. What? Oh, they're fantastic. I love them. She holds her Holy Avenger out in front of her and checks its blade. (metal scraping noise) "Fine!" She bends down, and kind of... (grunt of effort). LIAM, LAURA, and She's now barefoot in full armor. Kind of wiggles her toes and goes-- She actually laughs back at you and says, "I know." And you know, she's been kind of a ball of intensity in all of this and she's had frustrating moment in combat and she's had earnest fear and she's had her own journey with you guys from the beginning when crossing your paths. She walks up, and-- Kima walks up and places her hand on Pike's shoulder, a little bit shorter than her, and looks at the rest of you, "You've done more than anyone ever asked you to do. Done a lot of good things. "For me, for Allie. For everyone. I know I can be a pain in the ass sometimes. "I know I get a little hot-headed." But I just-- thank you for letting me come along. We're not done yet! (laughs) 'course not! What, you think one of these Clasp bastards won't start wandering the town? Now, if you guys end up actually going back to Vasselheim, and Mr. Vord starts coming around, asking questions... tell him you haven't seen me. No, no! Just tell him you haven't seen me. Tell him you haven't. (all laugh) Kima just goes-- Kima walks past Pike and goes up and pats you on the chest. "It's okay, Big Man. Forget I said anything." Then turns back you guys and goes, "I'm sorry! I didn't know!" "All right, all right. Well, stay safe. And if you need someone's skull cracked in, you know where to find me." She turns back and runs after Allura, who's currently walking off to go ahead and find the rest of her connections in the city. What do you guys want to do? Okay. Make a perception check. Yup. Okay. As you guys continue your way through the city, and you keep an eye out, you don't see anybody with an Ashari dress. You do see a handful of occasional bodies in Ashari dress. And you very carefully go and inspect, and while you recognise a handful, you didn't know them extremely well. Older folks you didn't connect with. But thankfully not Korren. But yeah there is no walking presence here of the Ashari. You ask around a bit and one of the guards is like, "Supposed to be coming back here in a few days to gather the dead but they went ahead and chased the "rest of them wyvern riders up to the mountains. Think they're still at the Storm Crest." Probably. Well at least picking off what they can. "Will do." And keeps on walking Okay. You guys make your way through Emon, eventually the southern walls to the outside of Greyskull Keep there standing still proud, undamaged in the fray, still holding the fresh stonework crafted by your planar ally that you summoned quite some time ago Yeah after the Vorugal fight that destroyed-- -- the temple. But yeah, the keep is, currently the front gates are open. As you walk in it looks like since you were last there there have been a few people that have come through and looked for things. Doesn't look like it were raided by thieves by any means, but it looks like anything that was left in the kitchen has been ransacked. Looks like tables and chairs and some bedrooms have been moved, whether they briefly held up refugees from the city who have then gone back in, or people that just moseyed through and left, but the place is still currently empty. (fwoosh) There's a lot of dust. Yup. It'll take you couple hours to get there and hunt her down but you do so and let her know. The blessings placed upon it and the position of sunlight, a little overgrown, but flourishing. Yeah. (laughs) Mm-hm, the workshop? It is partially ajar. It is dark inside there-- There are a couple of small oil lamps that are hanging from the walls. They are not currently lit, and the forge is dark, cold there-- most of the tools have already been stolen or taken, anything that can be grabbed by hand is gone. There are a couple, and it smells of stale hard water. Make an investigation check. You do find what looks to be a small brown wooden barrel-type container. It has a lid on it, but it's easy to pull off. And on the inside it has a familiar smell that you catch whenever you see Percy fiddling with his weapons, sort of a dark powder substance. Yup. Looks like soot or charcoal dust, grainy like sand. Make a perception check. Yeah, you totally saw Grog just stomp down into the lower area so you can go ahead and... Does not appear to be any weapons in the room. There are the racks where tools are usually hung on that you remember but they're all gone. There's just nubs out of the wall. Okay. (Echoing slap) He's gone. The sting fades. All right, so you guys have checked the keep, secured it, everything seems in the right place given the circumstances, what do you want to do? At this point it's maybe early afternoon. You've returned by the time that they've gone through and checked the whole keep, you made it to Allura and back. It's been a couple hours in the Keep. You know what, what's your passive perception? He was not actively looking, he normally does not check for your hands, Grog, but he's a perceptive guy and there is indeed a very dark familiar residual-- --on the hands, forearms, and a little bit on the top of the cheek. Kinda. I don't recall you looking in-- Yup. I'm just turning dice over and over again in my dice pile. Zaafin. You don't know. Make an investigation check. As you guys are walking up, heading your way up into the temple area with the singular tree used for transportation before, Pike is just holding and inspecting the box as you walk. Eight? It's hard to tell, looks pretty safe. All right. He said he had been intending to make a trip to Vasselheim to bury it himself but he hasn't had the time or the ability to do so. Look for traps. 22. It is not trapped. Well, go ahead and make a roll to see if it's locked. 30. It is locked, there are four individual locks in each side-- And it appears that there is some sort of a-- usually when something like that has a little bit of give against the chain, the box has none. That usually either means it's adhered or it's sealed magically. Make a perception check. You hear what sounds like the very gentle sifting of some very, very light particles inside of a box. Okay, so you're using your-- Divine Sense. You do not get a fiendish or undead aura from the box. Okay. The Conclave arc has taken its toll on Vox Machina. (All laugh.) So, Keyleth. Okay, so what are you connecting to? The other side of the tree. Where are you sending? You have many options at your disposal. You have the outskirts of the city, there's the lush forest, the Vesper Timberland. He said the Abundant Terrace, which you have passed by. Yeah. Well, the Abundant Terrace is a very heavily wooded area. And the magical laws are more about rampant arcane casting. Divination and divine magics generally fall more into the territory of respect as long as they're relatively controlled and not a grand display of power. The Abundant Terrace is Melora's section of the city. It's where-- it's a district that has maintained magical fertility for growing crops and plants and it's basically where a lot of the food for Vasselheim is grown. There are a number of trees, actually. A number of the homes are actually built in-- I mean, when you come out of a tree people probably look at you weird anyway. You don't know. Roll a history check. Zaafin. LAURA and Apparently, yes, this was where she came from. Okay. I mean, usually the dead are interred in specific graveyards. Some people do prefer to have their ashes spread in places that were important to them, it's just a general request, but the Birth Heart or the Abundant Terrace are not areas that are designated for interring the dead. So it is a special request. A corpse still requires a mouth to speak. It doesn't work. All right, so. Keyleth, what-- Are you going to come popping out within the city? Abundant Terrace? All right. The tree-- (laughs) The tree shreds open into the familiar oval or diamond-shaped entryway. On the opposite side, you see the cold landscape, or at least the cold sky of Vasselheim, though surrounding you it is just verdant green. You can see moss and bushes and grass, and a number of tree trunks around you. You can see a very clear-cut path that walks through like an intentional park walkway. As you all emerge, you find yourself looking up into the relatively grey, heavily cloud-covered sky, and it is very cold. You watch as very, very faint snow drifts to the ground, but it doesn't touch, it immediately evaporates before it hits the ground. It seems either the warmth of the area or an enchantment of some kind is resistant to the weather of this northern continent. Nature check. 22. The snow would usually touch the ground, and then slowly turn to water and melt, if it was just a difference between the ground. However, the snow never reaches within a foot, it just kind of drifts and then (poof). So it does appear to be an enchantment or some sort of magical essence to the Abundant Terrace itself. But you are surrounded by a forest that has very beautifully kept walkways in a grid-type pattern. You do see some people that are walking through, a couple hand-in-hand, almost like they're just on a stroll, bunched furs around their shoulders. You can see a little ways down, the trees stop, and it opens up into what looks to be an expanse of farmland, rows and rows and rows of various crops that are perpetually being planted, pulled up, and harvested. There is no harvest season in Vasselheim because of the enchantment of the Abundant Terrace. It is perpetually fertile and bearing-- You haven't done a full pass of this area, but it's not densely populated. What people come here either are working the land, keeping the land, or are enjoying the change in scenery from the rest of what can be sometimes a more, I guess you would say, grey and expressionless landscape that some parts of the city tend to hold. But here you are at the Abundant Terrace. What do you want to do? He said to bury it beneath the Birth Heart in the Abundant Terrace. Yeah, they kinda walk by and look over. They both appear to be human, the woman with darker hair, it's braided and pulled around to one side. The man's a little older, dark beard that kinda goes to grey around the mustache and the chin, dark hair that's slicked back and it's kinda long in the back. Both have their furs around their shoulders, and she has her arm around his arm and they just walk past, and glance back at you with a, huh, they just walked out of a tree. Hello. We live in the Quad Roads, we're just out here for a walk. "Zaafin?" He turns to his companion, she looks up. "No, I don't recall anyone named Zaafin, I'm sorry." "I do not either, my apologies. Good day." They awkwardly continue walking. She stops and turns back. "The Birth Heart is two paths up and to the right. It's hard to miss." They kinda look at each other, back at you, awkwardly. "My entire life. She lived up north in Crossin but moved here ten years ago." No. Yes, make an insight check. 24. Well done. "Of course." And they continue their path, quicken their pace a bit, hoping to avoid any future questions. All right, you follow their instructions, which involves you guys now following them about 40 feet back and they notice you. Okay, so you hold back a bit. They eventually turn the opposite direction. Following instructions, you go up two paths and to the right, and you can see now-- amongst what is a fair number of, I'd say 20-foot-tall trees that you've come across in this area, there is a large domed cluster of trees, almost like a redwood forest dome of 100-foot-tall trees. This one, it looks like Lothlorien in the distance. You have regular forest and this giant bump in the canopy. And you get the sense that's probably the Birth Heart. Sondur was a singular tree. This, from what you can tell, appears to be a cluster of many trees. All right. You guys push on, and as you approach-- Okay, make a perception check. Yes, you. He who asks. Okay. As you walk, you see a handful of guards that just occasionally wander through. The Bastions wear patchwork armor, there isn't a standard Bastion armor set, per se, but they do have elements of colors and cloths that symbolize their station as well as some pins or badges that mark the symbol there. So you do pick up on a few of them, and they're just kind of doing the rounds, and there are a couple that are curiously keeping their distance and keeping an eye. But not following you, just, hm. Bidet? Sure. Perception check. (defeated) Technically, yes. Yes. Okay. As you walk towards the Birth Heart, and you get towards the outside of this large cluster of towering trees, you do not see anything that would be a tombstone per se. Occasionally you do see a cluster of stones. Yeah, make an investigation check. 15, okay. Looking at the rocks that are here, there are not a lot of errant stones here. Some occasional natural stones, but there is a thick kind of naturally composting pine and leaves that fall on this area that regenerate the cycle of fertility here as part of the enchantment. These stones are deliberately placed and are placed in a circular pattern with a pile in the center. It does appear to be a marking of some kind. You're unable to see from this perspective, you don't have an aerial view. It's not terribly deep. If you guys have reached the outside of the Birth Heart, you've been walking for maybe ten minutes, it's not, you're not entirely certain how far you are from the outskirts of the Abundant Terrace. You haven't really walked through it before, you've seen it from a distance. Keyleth did one pass on it when you first came to Vasselheim for the second time. You really have no idea where you are within the city. Make a wisdom check. Nope. If you can read the number, it's not. Yeah, you get the sense, I mean, it's awe-inspiring to be in this giant canopy of trees. It's hard to tell from this distance, but it's probably hundreds of feet across from end to end, and it's beautiful. There is, once again you can see trees up on the mountain that Vasselheim is built on the base of, and you can see distant clusters of pine that are all covered in snow. There should be snowfall on these trees to a certain extent, ice gathering at some point in the boughs, and it is just verdant green, untouched by frost or snow. It's hard to tell from this outside. You'd have to walk into the Birth Heart to see. As you enter the Birth Heart, it's an archway of branches and trees that knit into each other and wrap around as you step in. You can see what looks like a heavy cluster of forest is really just an outside row of trees that are all intertwined. The inside is open with the occasional stalk of tree that blossoms up into the higher portion. There is one large central tree in the center of the area that marks-- This is the center of the Birth Heart. And within there are a number of lanterns that are hung from the branches all throughout--  -- that all have their own yellowish fairy glow within each point. They're all through the inside at different levels. It's just hundreds and hundreds of these yellow glowing lights that are hooked up into the boughs ahead. There are a number of people walking off the path, just through the soft mulch wood and dying pine soft floor of the canopy, all wearing similar robes of greens and yellows, golds and whites. You recognize these as similar signs of followers, priests-- -- and people who are worshipers of Melora. The central tree does have a number of staircases that spiral up. At certain points there look to be windows and holes throughout. The inside gives a warm glow from the interior and you can already see dozens of people gathered around the outside at tables talking. (laughs) There's no cafe, necessarily. (all laugh) But there is a surprisingly-- I won't say vibrant social atmosphere, but there are places where people are congregating here to have soft conversations. Some of them are, some of them aren't. It's a smattering of individuals. Okay. There is an older woman, her hair starts red and goes to grey. Best you can tell, her heritage is human, but she is a little thicker and more muscular than most women of her age that you've come across. Her skin is weathered from sunlight and harsh seasons, but she smiles as you approach and her eyes, one looks to be a little cataract-ridden but the other one is a beautiful clear blue color, and both of them meet with yours as you approach and she smiles. "Ah, can I help you?" Lamor. It's nice to meet you. Yes, Lamor. L a m o r. L a m o r. I mean, to return to the earth is a sacred offering. From what you were given life is to give life once more. You would need a witness. I could witness for you, if you'd prefer? Just to make sure that there's no funny business, of course. Um, find a place of your choosing. I will come as well. Not much in the way of blooming flowers of color in the Birth Heart. That depends on the interred. I mean, whatever the wishes are of the one you've lost, but that's-- I'm afraid I don't know that name, I'm sorry. That's very sweet. (laughs) She's looking a little awkward from all this conversation. You do look a bit worse for wear. Well, decide on a location of your choosing. We will have to keep vigil over it for a short time. If there is anything found that is not approved within the Birth Heart, it will be excised and removed from the premises. No disrespect meant. Anything that's not the remains of an individual like you've promised they are? Very much so. I mean, simple wildflowers, yes. All right. "All right. Follow me." She turns around, and she looks not mistrusting, but definitely a little confused. She brings you to the edge of this pathway and you can see there is a nice, smooth-packed dirt walk that's well kept, and you can see occasionally a few of the priests come through with these very fine rake-like brooms that they pull through like a very fine zen garden, and it rakes the earth as they go through and it helps then pack it as they walk. She brings you to the edge where the dirt ends, and you can see the underbrush and greenery continues. She steps into it and you watch as each foot comes down, as you would when you walk through a densely wooded area, with each crush of a plant or a brush or a stick or twig as it breaks, it mends itself immediately after she steps past it. She leads you maybe 70 feet off the path, past a couple of the central trees that are dappled throughout this area. In one spot, you can see these faint whitish-grey flowers that are gathering in clusters around the base of a tree here. Well, it is yours to do. The Birth Heart has many properties. The guiding and blessings of Melora are strongest here than anywhere on Exandria, and here her presence is felt even beyond the divine gate. Thank you. I wasn't going to say it, but I'm glad you brought it up. Yeah, yes you may, Ashley. Roll a religion check. No. You have no idea. You've spent some time in Vasselheim, but it's always been focused around your temple and the reconstruction of Sarenrae's temple. You have spent very little time studying the other religions around you and what that sort of situation would entail, so you have no clue. Yeah, so the crossing over of the deities' influence in the space is what she was inquiring about. I imagine so, yes. "All right." So, you get down to dig a hole? It's soft. The ground is pretty malleable, actually. Not like clay, but the dirt isn't densely packed in this portion. (laughs) Okay. You place the box in? Okay. You rest-- you rest the box down-- -- into the hole freshly dug by Vex. Vex covers it. Takes the dirt, pats it. (pats down) There, the flowers arranged naturally across the tree trunk and the growth surrounding it. The woman clasps her hands together. "Very well. Now, if you please--" She reaches over and (click noises). "There you are, child." Now, um. Business is done. What would you wish to leave? Depends on your background, of course, if that's what you prefer. We wish nothing with names or engravings. The memory is kept by Melora and the presence of nature in its own. So, a marker or-- You watch as the earth off to the side of where you buried the box shakes and a single stone, roughly that big, (shaking ground sounds) finds its way to the surface, like a localized earthquake. And as it hits the top, it (cracks) splits and shapes into a circular band, and then falls on the side and rests there for a moment on top of the dirt pile. I will remain vigil over this. You may take your walk up the Birth Heart or the rest of Vasselheim. Well, you would have to speak with the priests. It's not necessarily an open-- Any of the individuals in similar garb, but they have a series of golden rings around their neck, at the base of the tree. She takes a moment, reaches for it. (gasps) This-- where did you-- how? Where did you come across such an artifact? I can only understand that. What you hold in your hand is one of the great relics of Melora. I must remain as I've chosen my vigil already, but if you would do the honor of the Birth Heart of having that returned to the priestesses of Melora that would be of a great aid to our people. "It's--" And she reaches out and runs her finger along the side and is like-- A magic, a force as potent in that. You're blessed to have found it. As she does us all. That is your choice, not mine. (shushes) She reaches out and touches your forehead. It's all right. We mean not to take it from you. If it still has purpose in your hands, keep it. Keep it safe. Do not lose it as you say it was once lost. And when you find the need for such power no longer necessary, then return it. Then use it to spread her love. Use it to spread her comfort and protection. I think that the fact that you still hold that to this day means that her favor smiles on you. If you walk the path she rides, maybe you'll find a way to talk with her yourself. But there is no key, there is no trick, there is no secret. She speaks through the growing buds of the flowers below, she speaks through the rain that comes and brings water to them to grow. I'm sure she's spoken to you most of your life. Maybe now your ears are open to listen. You're welcome. I hope not. There is great wisdom in that staff, as there is great wisdom in you. You doubt yourself too much, child. She takes your hand and cups it into both of hers and holds it for a second. Aren't we all. As you guys make your way out of the Birth Heart, into the Abundant Terrace, what do you wish to do? In the Trial Forge, yeah. Yeah, it's pretty much fisticuffs in the Crucible. (laughs) Flints, you mean? Okay. Make a perception check-- well, this would be investigation, 'cause you're-- You find one. So as you guys are walking, where are you headed? Are you headed to the Birth-- Uh, what's it called? Sorry. Oh, the Trial Forge is-- -- is the temple. Yeah. The Braving Grounds. (laughs) It is in-- let me check my notes real fast. It's in the Duskmeadows. The Amaranthine Oubliette. Yes, so you guys make your way to the Birth Heart. It's easy to follow. Out of all the areas in here that are more clean-- the Birth Heart, sorry, the Braving Grounds. The Braving Grounds is where all the ironwork, metalwork, smithy, and refining of various burnable fuels are maintained. So you see the plumes of coal smoke coming out of the various forges. You head that direction, following that as a very definitive visual reference point. It takes you the better part of an hour or so, making your way through the crowds, the Bastions, and it seems like not a whole lot has changed since last time you were in Vasselheim. For all the chaos and destruction you have seen in Tal'Dorei, it appears that Isilra is none the wiser, and life goes on. You make your way through the Braving Grounds to the Trial Forge. And there you see before you the large Temple of Kord, the dark deep red rusted iron color of the temple, with the statue on top. The front doors, the tall, thin doors are open just enough for about two shoulders-width of people to walk through. The interior appears to be brightly lit. All right. Okay. You guys walk into the temple. There are no sentries. There are no worshipers of Kord that you remember greeting you the first time you came to the temple. The hallway's just this straight shot to the central cross section. You keep walking, making your way down the smooth, dark, granite-like floors. You can see the tall archway just continues and the repeated pattern of the pillars that mark the strength portions of the archway, meeting in the center, just over and over again, like this oversized spinal column, almost, in the way that it's segmented, eventually coming to where the center points cross, where the sand pit, you recall, the center of the Trial Forge was. As you approach, you see a singular figure standing in the center of the pit, facing away from you. You see the same dark, deep ruddy color and weather-texture of the shoulder muscles and arms resting at the side. The same grayish-white hair pulling down the back of the bald-on-top head. The reds and golds of the billowing pants there before you. And as you approach quietly towards the edge of the sand pit, the voice shouts out, "I have had visions in my rest of your path to war, Strongjaw. You took my words and you found your strength. What have you learned?" Then show me what you have learned. "Show me what you possess. Show me your worth under the watch of Kord, half-giant. "Show me." And he turns around. (smashing sound) And he-- -- slams his fists into the side and the sand that's around him (exploding sound), dusts out in this small arc and then rests in the ground and he looks up. And that's where we're gonna finish the episode. (everyone yells) Since, like, whenever you got back to the Trial Forge-- -- that's been sitting there. You never went back. We'll pick up on, pick up on that next week. He held back specifically. He was just teaching Grog a lesson. It'll be fun. So, we'll see where this picks up next week. Well, awesome, guys. Good game this week. You saved your friend. And Happy Birthday to Quyen. Yeah, thank you so much, Lootcrate, for being our awesome sponsors again. You guys have been awesome, being with us for this long. 7PM Pacific, on Twitch and Alpha. I take the high road.