Hello, everyone, and welcome to this evening's Critical Role, an online game of D&D where a bunch of us voice actors get together to be super nerdy and roll dice. And Sam just got here! And so we're going to send someone to go get Sam. Is someone getting Sam? All right! Great, Sam will be here shortly. Anyway, welcome! So, first and foremost, let's go ahead and get to our announcements so we can get to the game, because tonight is Critmas, which means we're going to be opening a bunch of amazing presents, letters, and stuff that you guys send to us. That'll be coming up soon. So first and foremost, wanted to let you guys know, if you haven't seen on Twitter yet, that the majority of our little merry band of players here are going to be appearing at Wizard World Portland in February. February 19th through the 21st. I know. It's fine. No, sit right there, it's good. But yeah, February 19th through the 21st, we'll be there doing panels and signings and all kinds of fun stuff. So if you're in the Portland area or want to come out to the Portland area, we'll be there then. Come say hello. Don't waste your twenties, Laura. You know this! I know. She'll never learn. I do like that you and Ashley coordinated, though, from across the country. That's awesome. But yeah, so guys. Go ahead and tweet at Wizard World and let them know how excited you are that we're going to Portland, because even if you're not able to go to this convention, the more that they see the audience has a need for more Critical Role at their conventions, they might bring us to other parts of the country. This is our trial run with their venues. So tell them how excited you are, and that'd be awesome. Cool. Next up, another convention coming up. Me and Marisha actually will be guests, weekend before that, at the Colorado Animefest in Denver, Colorado. What did I do? You are a dick. It's good. It's a good place to be. But that's February 12th through the 14th in Denver. Yep. We're going to Casa Bonita. We're doing this South Park-style. It's going to be great. So, Colorado Animefest, February 12th through the 14th. Come say hello, we'd love to see you. Let's see. Liam, did you want to take the shout-out to The Witness? Boom. Done. Mine says 'storyteller'. It was bound to happen. Also, I wanted to let you guys know, it's awesome, we got to donate five thousand dollars to 826LA at the end of last year because of you guys being so amazing. So once again, wanted to say thank you guys for that. That was fantastic and you're awesome. Yes! It's great. so look and see if there's an 826 in your area and see what you can do to help, participate, even become a tutor. It's awesome. It's great work. So you may have seen this week, Wizards of the Coast launched a new service called the Dungeon Masters Guild, which is one of the coolest things they've done in a long time. They've opened up D&D 5th Edition to an open gaming license. You can now create your own content within the 5th edition system and release it on their website and put it up for purchase, and people can purchase your content. It's a wonderful homebrew community that they've developed that I think really elevates all of us players and DMs and people that want to contribute to the community. So check it out. It's awesome. I'm super excited about it and I've seen so many great homebrew stuff already go up there. They've also opened up Forgotten Realms to people who want to create stuff within the Forgotten Realms. I should. I really should. Actually, I'm blown away. I put up the updated blood hunter and the updated gunslinger. I got a full PDF made in the same quality with wonderful art from Joma and Nick Robles. Really excited about it, and you guys should check it out. It's a really good service. So good on you. So, any other announcements you'd like to make tonight? Anyone? Or are we about to start this? All righty. So, to get you guys up to speed with what's happened recently the party, upon returning from their adventure in Whitestone, had a meeting with the council of Tal'Dorei where they were able to provide information, a witness, and have the guidance of the now no-longer-charmed sovereign, Uriel Tal'Dorei, to alleviate them of any wrongdoing in the Briarwoods' arrival in Emon months ago, and reinstated their membership in the council, dropped the charges that were against them from the city of Emon and the party basically have now become once again lauded and accepted within the city. At the same time, Uriel, going through a bit of an emotional breakdown with his lack of seeming leadership in this whole circumstance. It was discovered that the reason his defences were improper was because there was an individual on the actual council who was a traitor, who'd been working with the Briarwoods and secretly a follower of Vecna from what the documents seemed to say. However, he had fled and the party decided to go ahead and probably do a little better job than the local guard would, find out if he was too far or not. They found that he was still in the city, beneath the city, and happened to correlate his current location with the Clasp, the thieves' guild of the city's current underground base which the party had previously had a few run-ins before. So making their way to the inn that houses one of the secret entrances to the Clasp's hideout, they encountered a band of traveling musicians. Doctor Dranzel's wondrous performance group made their way-- the magical? I'm trying to remember what the actual full term was on that one that you wrote for it. I know. I wrote it down in a document that I didn't print out. But I will for future shows. So Dr. Dranzel-- Yeah, there you go. It had a great performance troupe. Yeah, that's the one. And discovered a number of past individuals of Scanlan's performance history as well as a few new friends and got into an epic flute duel of which he threw and in doing so, being a man of his word, gave the remaining gold coins in his pouch to a young gnome. Yeah, with the distraction being successful the rest of the party snuck through the kitchen into the hatch and they had an encounter with the Clasp after calling out to them within their own hideout. Telling them that they were after this fugitive and not planning to do any terrible business in the guild and managed to convince them to let them go about their way and Vox Machina had a showdown with the traitor, Riskel Daxio, within his cell, before he was supposed to be ushered out of the city, given a new name, and essentially be given free rein in the world. The party then beat him down pretty hard and are currently dragging his bleeding, unconscious corpse towards the Cloudtop District to turn him in. This is true. I don't know why I said corpse. A near corpse. He is borderline corpse. So, as you guys make your way towards the center of Emon, the central wall that surrounds the Cloudtop District comes into view and the front gates that face the southwestern side of the city reveal themselves down the thoroughfare. There you see the four guards that are posted at that entrance notice you approaching and immediately two of them begin to come up to you. And you've interacted with these individuals a few times as your experiences here in the city so far and they've grown to recognize you just by appearance and you guys tend to stroll up as a posse of confidence, which draws their attention. Exactly. At this point the sun is setting, it's probably getting close to dusk. You guys stroll up and the two guards approach immediately. "Can I ask you what you're doing here? You've got "someone--" "Well, what's the present?" "No, if there is business to be done I have to go ahead and put it up the chain of command to "make sure that I'm doing my job so I don't end up being lashed for my--" "Well, I appreciate that and I'd appreciate you helping me do my job, if that's all right." Turns around and walks back, the other guy looks back awkwardly and follows him. He gives a couple hand motions and the gates open up to the inside of the Cloudtop District. It's just like it. Exactly. I'm excited for the prospect of watching this happen right now. You got this, Laura. You got this. This is a wonderful microcosm analogy for pretty much every session. Yay! Well done. What's your strength? So, pushing towards the central palace, the guards approach once again. These ones a little more stern than the ones you met on the outside of the district. "What's your business at the palace?" The guards look over at the bear. "You found Riskel Daxio?" "All right, men!" The other guards begin to step forward like, "We'll take it from here." The guard raises his hand and the guards stop. "Very well. Proceed inward." Steps aside, the guards separate and you can see they're all looking a little nervous that they basically had their job done for them. It's not going to do well down the chain of command in the very near future. You guys step into the palace, make your way to the main hallway that leads to the central throne chambers. Uriel is not there at the moment. The guards ask you to wait. You wait about five to ten minutes or so before the doors open again and Uriel is hastily walking in, sitting down on his throne. The rest of the council isn't present for this. It's just him currently, and I believe Tofor Brotorus, the female dragonborn on the council, with you guys. So, as you approach, Uriel sits down, his robes swishing about him. "All right, it hasn't been too "long. You requested my presence. And I am here. What do you need?" "Really?" And he stands up and the rest of the guards that came up behind you keep an eye to make sure nothing weird goes wrong, they step forward a few steps and, "Bring him forth. Hold "him. In irons. Chains. Now." And all the guards go and pull him off of Trinket, throw him on the ground face-first. He slaps into the marble flooring of the chamber. Little bit of blood smeared across the ground as his face glides-- "He'll survive." And you can see now there's a look of pained anger in Uriel's eyes at seeing the face of someone he trusted for so long. The guards take the manacles that you guys already had on him and chain his legs together. They put another set of manacles across the back of his arms so his arms are actually held in two places to the back. They lift him onto his knees and drag him up to the very bottom stair that leads up to the central dais where the thrones are on. And he's unconscious, head lolling about. Uriel looks down and, "Wake him up." "Someone. I don't care. Wake him up." With a resounding slap sound, Riskel sends a spatter of spittle and blood that coasts across the floor and his head shakes. As he looks up at you, you can see his teeth that were once white now glisten with fresh blood across the entirety of his smile. "Do what you will." He looks up and sees Uriel. "My liege, what would you have of me?" Uriel takes a moment, intensely staring at his face. "For so many years you played me and my "family. You played the people of this city, of these lands. You've forsaken the name of your father "who plucked you from nothing. How? How can you live with this?" Riskel takes a moment, chuckles to himself, this throaty gurgle as he's still trying to breathe through the blood pooling in the back of his throat. "Life is but a stage of our existence. And when you all will die, I will rise "again. For I am his blood." Uriel steps back up on his throne and sits down. "Riskel Daxio, you have been found guilty of "treason by the peoples of Tal'Dorei. I command that your sentence of death be held immediately." "Quickly." As you ask him that, "There are many parts to our one to him. I'm but his blood, but there "are many, many, different pieces that make the whole." His eyes narrow and he looks for a moment almost disappointed in confusion. "Just kill me "now. I grow impatient with this existence." "I guess we'll find out." "Please, please, kill me now. End this paltry existence." Uriel contemplates for a moment. "He's at your disposal. I only ask that you do it soon and "in my sight." Roll an intimidation check. You can see his eyes begin to roll back in his head. "Do what you must." Begins to fade back into unconsciousness. "I don't know what you're talking about." "The deal with my master is power through not knowing. He is the one who knows all. The fact "that he keeps it from us means that he trusts us." His eyes dart around for a moment with a look of sudden curiosity and worry. "That's not possible." Deception check. Because she is helping with it and she is the source of it, I'd say sure. Go ahead and roll with advantage. 23. Okay. You can see now at this point, his breathing is quickened and he's swallowing more regularly. There's a look of sincere nervousness in his eyes. "His power is great. There is nothing "this paltry little child of a being can do to keep his will from his promise." "Master have mercy." If you want to. It's whatever you want to try. Okay! So as you pull out your symbol of Sarenrae, your metallic clinks of your feet across the sparse marble flooring. You approach as the symbol glows. You can see in Pike's eyes, her pupils go white as the energy of Sarenrae's holy blessing begins to spill out the sides. At each step, Riskel begins to twitch and pull away. He's glancing about, looks towards you, Grog, with a look of "please, have pity." As Pike reaches out to touch him, he goes, "I know little. It is the "nature of his being. The ritual was once attempted before. I know not if it worked. I was not there. "You rushed in. It was not time. " "The Winter's Crest. The festival marks a time where the barrier between the realms is thin. "Where the magic ley lines across this world cross and swell. You forced our hand. I was not there. I "do not know the answer and I hope it was enough." At this point you can see now this look of despair hits his eyes, and then resolve. He goes from this fearful moment to the realization that he has already expressed more than he should. But hopefully it's not too much to fall out of the favor of his lord. And a smile creeps across his face for the first time since this whole thing and he grins. "It is time." And he leans forward and puts his neck out. Did you want to cast the spell on him? Pike, as you reach forward, you take the Sarenrae symbol and you jam it into his open mouth. As it does-- yeah, just like that. A burst of divine light comes spewing out the sides, and you see him choking on some unseen force. Probably a combination of him swallowing his own tongue, but as you pull the symbol back, completing the spell of restoration, you can see the energy pour through his body and he's shaking out of fear. His eyes begin to roll back, and from the sound of it he's actually swallowing his own tongue. He's choking. You hear Uriel's voice behind you say, "Enough. Get it over with." (laughter) Trin. As the blade is drawn from Grog's back, you can see it draws this trail of shadow behind it almost through the slow arc as he rears it back for the swing. As the blade with a flash, impossibly fast, arcs its way across Riskel's throat, you can see his eyes open up with a sudden realization as the moment of pain and death hits him. Then a smile draws across his lips as the head slowly rolls back. The blood then gouts out with the last pumps of his heart. His body slumps forward, the guards holding him as they can, spilling a pool out in the center of the floor. As this happens, Grog, you feel this wave of exhilaration. This almost ecstatic pulse of joy comes across your body. This sense of taking his life with this blade, the first time you've really actually used it, was delightful. Uriel stands up. "Guards, have this mess cleaned. Burn the body. Thank you very much." You did, you already looted the body. You hear the voice creep up and say, "Now we see eye to eye." The aura of the shadow from the blade retracts, and the blade becomes an onyx blade. It appears to have rescinded his presence. "Yes?" "It was." And he sits there for a second and nods his head. "Very well. We were prepared to put "out a bounty for his arrest, and I feel it would only be fair to provide you with this bounty." He snaps his fingers. A guard comes up and he whispers to him for a second. As he walks away, "You will have a sum of 5,000 gold pieces delivered to Greyskull Keep this evening." "I appreciate it. Now please, be on your way. I have business to attend to. Thank you very much." He gets up and walks away. By now, the sun's probably set, and so as you step out of the palace, you look up at the skyline. Little plumes of clouds throughout, but you can see the distinct bright oranges and purples of sunset have taken, and to the far east, you can see the dark blue of creeping night. It just set. It's heading toward dusk. Old faithful, technically, would be the Laughing Lamia, which is where you guys originally stayed when you first came to Emon. Who's leading the pub crawl? There's no ruleset for reverse inspiration. But I'm going to start looking into designing that. It's like the fate chips system. It's great. Okay. So who's heading the pub crawl? All right. Go ahead and make an investigation check. You'd be surprised. (laughter) Yeah. You find about four different establishments, but most of them appear to be less of the "party hardy" crowd and more of the "my life sucks, I need alcohol" crowd. 18. Chatting around-- Something off the beaten path. Word of mouth type place. Okay. Let's see. Hey, man. Nothing wrong with that. So, you eventually hear about a place called Howarth's. Howarth's. Howarth's. Sure. I guess you'd say. Howarth's. When you get there, it appears to be more of a textile business, but from what you've heard, it's more a business that runs the front, and then the real company is in the back. Yes. So as soon as you guys approach, the guy who's running the front, who's this weaselly-looking, mousy gentleman in his late 40s, thin John Waters mustache, gives you a nod and says, "I take it you're not here for the-- yeah. Just around the corner. Back room." Points you over. As you guys walk in, there's a pretty happening establishment in here. There's a harp player on the far edge of the room on the stage, who's playing a very beautiful piece. Even though she's just playing the harp, it's almost emanating the sound of multiple instruments. There's probably about ten or so people in here. It's not extremely crowded, but everyone in there appears to be rather upper crust folks that either have descended from the Cloudtop District to rub shoulders with the less elite of the town and a few wealthy merchants. It's a pretty decent place for rabble rousers who have some coin to spend. All right. You guys get a round of drinks. You look over the events of the previous weeks. You chat amongst yourselves and you meet a few individuals in the establishment and make a few friends. Overall, it's a pretty decent way to finish a rather long day of more work than you had originally anticipated. As the buzz begins to wear off and the evening draws to a close, you guys find yourselves getting a little hungry and this place is pretty much solely a bar experience, as opposed to a straight pub, and it's probably pushing close to 11. "At this hour?" And the gentleman who's talking to you now, his chin appears to have been broken at some point in his life so as he talks the jaw swivels from side to side in an awkward, old Disney cartoon way. It's hard to really put into words. His hair is spotty in places, it's thinning in the front, but he's well-dressed. It's one of those things where the outfit does not match the persona. But he looks over to you and, "Well, sir, at this point in the evening, food "might be a little hard to procure, unfortunately." "As far as I know." Okay. Go ahead and make a perception check. Okay. As you're glancing about and you're talking to the bar, and the rest of you guys are finishing a round of drinks, you are looking around-- So you glance towards the door and an individual walks in that definitely matches the expectation of what you're looking for. A familiar individual. A gentleman of purple-gold trimmed robes, a darkish complexion, a tied goatee, and a smile on his face. And it suddenly makes complete sense this is the kind of place that Gilmore would go to drink. (cheering) "Vax'ildan!" He runs up and grabs you and (kiss kiss). "You as well, my friend, you as well." "Oh, obviously whatever she's having." "They don't have any. They would not serve food here. No, it's a finer establishment." "Um." And he thinks for a second. He reaches back into a small satchel he has at his side and he pulls out a little pouch. He opens the pouch, and he reaches out and he pulls out a small wooden domino, like in size. "If you wouldn't mind clearing some of these tables for me?" (laughs) Unnecessarily knocking over the drinks off the table of one of the nearby individuals, but they don't argue with the goliath. Takes apart some room. He gives a nod over to the bartender, who you can see there's been a rapport here, so he's like, all right, I'll allow it. He tosses the wooden domino on the ground for a second, whispers something under his breath, does a hand gesture, and it suddenly extends into a wooden table. Into a familiar sight. This is a Heroes' Feast. (cheering) You can see in his other hand the gem-encrusted chalice from the middle of his pouch dissipates in the arcane energy. He says, "Well, I figured it was a special occasion." "Actually, I've gotten word that you've been spreading the wonders of my brand, though--" "That's not true, but you've been doing it a bit, which is more than I expected, to be honest. "So I appreciate that, I really do." "Well." "Oh, I don't know about that. I've still got to finish building my shop in Westruun, but when "that is done, I'll be more than happy to look into it." "Whitestone. Whitestone. Hmm. Place has been kind of dour as of late." So as the drinks continue to flow, you guys swap stories, you converse. The evening is drawing closer to like the 130-200 in the morning, at this point. Most of the other patrons have filtered out of the bar. The Heroes' Feast, after finishing being consumed, itself has reverted back down to the wooden domino, which is a different enchantment to what you're used to. Your more druidic, divine-based Heroes' Feast you summon out of the actual element. This is almost an implement or a focus he uses for the spell each time. It's a different way of getting the same effect. Interesting to you, not being an arcane caster. But nevertheless, as it winds down a bit, you guys are all finding yourselves settling in. Of course. Okay. "Yes, my dear?" "Weird things in particular, is that what you're insinuating?" "All right, fair enough." The moment you say that, you see his jovial exterior harden for a second, and his eyes close and he goes, "That's a strange name to bring up this late in the evening." "Yeah." "Almost is better than actually, so congratulations." "Spinning black orb of death..." He thinks for a second and says, "The only orb of spinning death I'm familiar with is a "Sphere of Annihilation, but those are generally a bit larger than what you're describing to me, at "the very least." "Those generally follow around the phrase 'Vecna'." "I don't know too much other than what I've been told historically, and bits of information "that I've picked up through the years. Vecna..." And he thinks for a second, he starts looking about if anyone else is near the table, you guys are off and throwing darts. Okay. Okay. "Vecna. He has many names historically. The Archlich. The Whispered One. The "Dying King. The Lord of the Rotted Tower. The Undying King. Gods like titles, it seems. A bit "arrogant, in my opinion. From what I heard, he was born a mortal. Used his capabilities to attempt to "cheat death in every way possible, and then once that was acquired, naturally went on to the next "great endeavor becoming a god. He attempted to ascend six hundred years ago. But in that time his "cult expanded across the rebuilding civilization. Nearly achieved it until it seemed that the "remnants of good in society went and followed him to his place of worship and thwarted his ritual. "He was slain, but as you've seen, when entities of such power get to a certain point, death is but a "hurdle. You have enough individuals that believe you're a god, that willpower is strong enough to "keep you enduring. So his influence exists and has for many years. I don't know if he's a god per se, "not yet, but there are those that treat him as such, and that in itself is dangerous because that "means he's probably still out there. And I'm pretty sure he's very interested in finishing what "he couldn't before." "That's all I've heard. Not a scholar of the religious rites, and for the most part a lot of "his history's been, well, destroyed and kept secret. It's his bailiwick." "But anyway. If you've indeed come across any of this foul business, I recommend you stay "far away. Far away! Bad news." "Yes. Anyway, sorry, dour subject. Didn't mean to bring the mood down on that one." As you guys stand up and walk away, Gilmore looks to you and goes, "I like her much better "this way." All of your drinks for the evening are paid for, Gilmore takes care of the tab. You come back with the shots-- All right! Pike gets a shot. All right, so who's drinking. One shot? Four shots. All right. I need constitution saving throws from all four of you. Not a constitution bonus. Pike, what'd you get? Okay. So, Percy, you take your shot. It burns down. You're fine. Pike, bam, bam. The little gnome takes it in her gut, grins, wipes the edge of her chin, looks over to Grog with a bit of a challenge look on her face. Grog, you look over to Keyleth and both of you guys start slamming down the line. As you hit that fourth one, you can feel the burn on the inside. You, a little bit of that Heroes' Feast begins to creep up, and you get that acidic, you know-- Have to stop a little bit, take it back down, but you're good. But you're good. You kick it back. As soon as you open your eyes, you're like-- You look over across the way and all you see is Keyleth, her expression go from a big smile, to neutral, to a worried frown, looking to the door. All right. What are you doing, Pike? Okay, so as you guys all-- As you guys drag Keyleth outside-- Scanlan? You're staying? All right. Vax is staying, and Pike? You're staying? All right. As this is happening, Gilmore sits up and begins to finish off his drink. "Ah, "it's good to see friends." "Well." "It's getting very late. I've only been back a few days and I have a lot of business to attend "to in the morning." "Certainly. It would be my absolute pleasure." "Oh. Far be me to stand in a way of a private conversation." And he stands up for a second and walks over to the far table in the corner, right by the stage where the harpist was playing but is no longer on the stage. He sits down expectantly, waiting. Well, if you guys are-- the doorway leads into the textile portion, so if you guys aren't leaving the place entirely-- Okay. Keyleth, make another constitution saving throw. Okay, you do manage to make it all the way outside of the building before you Druidcraft all over-- (laughter) It's there forever. All the Percyleth shippers now having a field day. All right, so. As you sit down. "Yes, Vax'ildan, darling?" "Yeah." "Well. Not disagreeing with you there." "Well. Curiosity is the spark of arcane pursuits and knowledge. Among many other things." "Well, I certainly appreciate your honesty, and, well, I would be lying if I didn't say I was "a little disappointed, but at the same time, the heart wants what the heart wants, and I've enjoyed "our flirtation. Perhaps our paths aren't meant to be quite so entwined. Such is the flow of fate, my friend." (sighs) And he gives a little sigh of digesting heartbreak a little bit, but, you know, there's a nod to him of understanding and acceptance, and he looks up to you again with that whipcrack of a Gilmore smile and says, "I wish you luck. The path of an uncertain heart is never an "easy one, and should you ever need an ear to bend or a shoulder to cry on, well, you know where I "am, and if I'm not there, you know how to get hold of me." "Now you're just being a tease." (laughter) Walks out into the night. As Gilmore walks by you guys, he looks over at Keyleth and goes, "Get her some water." You can. A proper use of divine magic! Pike is the best wingman. Keyleth, as Pike embraces you, the warmth of her hug is also matched with the warmth of the divine energy that briefly flows through your body, and for a second you feel as if you're weightless, and the nausea is gone. The drunkenness is still there, and the buzz is still finding its way through your system, but not as heavy as it was before. You come a little more conscious of yourself, and when the warmth fades, you feel much more in control of your current state of your mind, your well-being, and the contents of your stomach. It had been a few hours, or probably about an hour since the initial feasting, so she's had enough to maintain the effect. But the gentleman who owns the establishment is probably not going to be very happy in the morning when he has to clean up. You guys make your way back to Greyskull Keep. As you approach the front gate of your establishment, you see Cordell and Shayne keeping their evening watch over the gate. Cordell shouts down to the rest of you guys, "You've got guests waiting for you!" LAURA and He looks to Shayne. Shayne looks to him, counts in her head. "I think probably at least two hours." "They had your permission." "Oh, it's a bunch of them." He looks over at Shayne, who goes, "Don't do that, Cordell." The gate opens. You guys come inside, and you find, as you enter the keep, the smell of a recently cooked meal is permeating the air of the keep. You hear laughter and a little bit of music in the distance. And as you walk towards the eating chambers, the central feasting area on the bottom floor of your keep, there indeed you see your recently discovered friends. He is, yes. Yes. Samson right now, by the way, is asleep on a table. It's way past his bedtime. He's on the edge there. "Hello, miss." "They told me they wouldn't miss them." "No." "No, not unless he tells me to." And points to Dr. Dranzel, who at this point has been like, "Scanlan! Finally." (chuckles) You can see now, there's three bottles of wine they've been drinking that are open and about. "No! But they were provided, and I'm not one to not drink when it's not provided." Cordell's at the front gate. No, they're up on the front gate. Keyleth is talking out to nothing. The Lesser Restoration didn't have quite as strong an effect on reversing the alcohol, but she's not puking, so that's good. "Oh, you guys as well." You can see the rest of the people are watching. Zed's fallen asleep. Eselmyr's in the back corner, watching everyone. Yeah, she's the older, mature elven woman who's keeping an eye. Kaylie is there, sitting next to Dranzel, and Kent Plucker has a lute he's (musical note) on. "Well, come! Sit. "Unless it's too late in the night, I have a conversation I'd like to have." (chuckles) "I like her!" (laughing) She looks tired. She's like, (whimpering) "More meats? Okay. Is it all right if "I go to bed?" "Sleep well. Glad you made it home safe." She wanders back off, bags under her eyes. Dr. Dranzel waves you all in. "So, that little proposition that we talked about at the bar "earlier today? The old man who didn't need his fortune?" "Allow me to elaborate a bit in a more private setting, if you don't mind." "This is the more private." As Dranzel holds out his mug, he goes, "Now, when we arrived to come play the Winter's Crest "festival here in Emon, one of my contacts, we'll say an old client of mine last year in Emon, right "around the same time mentioned a peculiar thing. Apparently, a wealthy lord here vanished about a "year ago. His estate was sold to a private collector. Apparently, this collector keeps his "name off the books, and he couldn't really find out any information about who he was or what his "business is, but he acquired the entire estate. People were curious as to what his business was, "as the previous individual was rather well known and the circumstances rather dubious in "disappearance, but I don't know really how that all went together. Anyway! This older collector "was fairly active at this estate until a few months ago. The windows have darkened and stayed "as such. No furniture touched, the interior elements unpacked or moved. Just went away. So I'm "thinking either this fellow has kicked the final bucket, met his end, or is off on some extended "business trip, leaving his acquisition and all of its contents ripe for the picking. Problem is, we "can't get into the Cloudtop District. Kent and Kaylie have tried numerous times. Almost got "arrested." And you can see, Kaylie gives a nod with her shoulders, shrugging. "Still got a few "things to learn, apparently." "It's the first thing I threw out there, dear." He goes back. "So, seeing as how you folks "have got some pull in the town, I was thinking you could either find a way to get us in quietly, "carefully. Let us do our work, give us some tips on the best way to stay out of sight. Or you could "go in, grab a few things, come back here with the spoils, and we'll take our cut." His eyes look over to you. "I get the feeling that this kind of work is not unfamiliar." (sighs) "The name escapes me." You do recall, the Cloudtop District was not at your disposal when you first came here. Possibly. "Yes. Red brick building, iron fence surrounding the outside--" Actually, no. Most of the houses there have various colors. Krieg's was built more utilitarian and was very minimalistic in its interior decor. In fact, most of it seemed unused from what you saw, other than the manservant that lived there. The house, for the most part, the bedroom, everything that you searched, seemed like it was barely touched. It seems pretty damn close to the description that you recall. "I'd previously discussed a 60-40 split." "70-30." (sighs) "A tough bargain, but 80-20 it is." MATT and "All righty." "You just did!" "Fair enough." "Well, that's unfortunate. We'll have to find somebody else." "See? Thinking of the people. That's the Scanlan Shorthalt I know." "Krieg. I've heard that name. I think that may be the gentleman." "Well, I don't know him." "Is this not the greatest bard to have lived?" "Scanlan, you humble us all. We're happy to do so. And thank you very much for your fine "hospitality." As you're saying this, Kaylie is watching this with a smirk on her face. "Well, I'm not one "to turn down a soft bed for an evening." Dranzel glances over. (laughs) "Good luck." Zed sits up, the large, bearded gentleman. He's like, "I'm happy to sleep here. This is fine "by me. Just give me a flat surface." He goes over to one of the tables and-- Yeah, he's the drummer. All right. Jarett, you mean? It's been that week. You guys all find your way to your rooms. You arrange beds for those who need it, for the most part down in the dungeon area. A couple of rooms are crowded with other folks, except for Kaylie, who is following you, Scanlan, with a bottle of wine and two glasses. As you all go to your various rooms, Kaylie pulls out the chair and the table at the far end of your bedroom. Sets down and begins to pour glasses of wine and sits across. You guys have drinks and begin various conversations about-- (flute music) (laughter) "Interesting tale." "Right, right." "So you've said, a number of times, aye." She drinks a little bit more of the wine, sets it down. "I guess I should tell you a bit "more about myself, then." "Well, I grew up in Kymal, mostly, before moving to Westrunn to train at the College of the "White Duke. Finest of the bards, he was." "My mom gave all her savings to put me up there. Now, I only joined the troop about six "months back. It was my third year at the Duke's when the good doctor came through and, well, I "seized the opportunity. Now, to be perfectly honest up-front, I've already heard a bit about "your tales, Shorthalt. (chuckles) The Charming of the Pauper Prince, your rendition of the Summer "Sunder, the Cliffs of Dagger Bay. I've been hoping our paths would cross." Dagger Bay's just a place. "Thank you very much. You know where I've heard most of these stories? "My mother, Sybil." "Sybil. A fine gnomish lass, it was some years ago, she came across a smooth, "silver-tongued flautist who blew through like the wind and disappeared." (gasping) "I practiced. I stole. Lied about my age and eventually paid my way into the Duke's College so "I could find you. Prove you a scoundrel." At this point, you see her stand up, and she begins to draw a small blade from her side. Her face is hardened and still as she stares at you. You see a slight tremble in her hand. "This day, Scanlan Shorthalt, I beat you at your own song. Now I come to take your dignity. Now "take up your sword." "Don't try that with me." "Do you even remember Sybil?" Make a wisdom check. Roll a d20, add your wisdom modifier. 16. You vaguely recall Sybil. She-- golden hair, very eager to escape her simple beginnings, and very clingy very quickly. You jumped out of there very fast, from your perspective. "You are a scoundrel." "Do you even realize you nearly invited your daughter up to sleep with you?" (laughter) "You don't care." "You have no boundaries. You take what you like and you keep walking on. You trick folk. Now "draw your blade." Make a persuasion check. With advantage, for that speech. As she stands there with her blade out, staring at you, you can see the veins in her neck tensing. You see the tear begin to roll down her cheek as her jaw clenches. (grunts) And she thrusts forward-- -- and rolls a natural one. As she goes to strike towards you, even in that moment, her will falters and the blade falls limp. It hits your chest, and you feel the piercing of something pushing into your flesh, but no more than maybe half an inch, as there's no real force behind the blade. As the hand releases her weapon, it clatters to the ground as her momentum carries her arms around your shoulders. As she holds you there, her tousled, short pixie brown hair, you can feel the wetness across the back of your neck, and you hear her voice trembling in your ear say, "Why? Why can't I do "it? All the years building up to this and I have the chance, and I can't do it." You say that and her arms tense for a minute, involuntary, trying to pull you closer, then they relax, and she steps away, averting her gaze, keeping her head down. She bends down and picks up her blade. Doesn't sheathe it, just holds it limply at her side. She begins to walk to the door. She opens the door and looks back at you, her eyes finally meeting yours. You can see the wet stains across her cheeks. "You're still a scoundrel. It's what's kept you alive this long. "In some ways, it's what's kept me alive this long. I've got a lot to think about. I'm going to go for a "walk. (sighs) I need some fresh air." And she closes the door behind her. There's a lot of faces blurring, this is-- You worked your way through a lot of Tal'Dorei in those days, you-- Okay. And with that, we're going to go ahead and take a bathroom break. We'll be back here in five minutes. You avoided a showdown in your bedroom. She was ready to. We'll be back here real fast, take this, a quick break, quick as we can, because we have a lot to get through before we get to Critmas. We'll see you here in just a few minutes. Welcome back, everyone. So before we get back into this crazy little Maury Povich show episode, we have a chatroom winner for our giveaway, which is awesome. Congratulations to dr3vvn45ty, you are our winner for this evening's chat room giveaway, congratulations! (cheering) Oh right, Jarett, sorry. "I'm happy to take care of this for you." He loads his crossbow and plops himself down at the edge of the hall where he has a view of every single door at the south end of the keep. And he's, like, perched and ready. All right. You guys come to consciousness the next morning, more hungover than others, depending on the individual. Come down, breakfast has already been prepared and waiting. (laughs) Poor Laina's been trying to keep it warm for you, and part of it's already being eaten by your guests, who, half of them fell asleep in the actual dining room. Nevertheless, all of you come down. Scanlan, you eventually come out of your confused reverie. Not a lot of good sleep throughout the evening and Kaylie never came back throughout the night. Yeah. As you head down to the main dining area, Dranzel is there and he's a little hungover himself and enjoying the remnants of his meal. Poor Laina is not designed to produce breakfast for over 11 people in a morning. "Yes. Good morning, Scanlan." "About?" "What did she do?" "What did she do?" And you can see, he looks a little worried now. He's checking his pockets. Yeah, make an insight check. Three. Seems pretty genuine. Yeah, he's hard to read beyond hung over and mildly confused. And you spent a lot of time with him, so you know his demeanor pretty well. But yeah, he seems genuinely like (stutters) "If she's done anything wrong, let me know. She's part of my troupe. I take "responsibility for her." "Of course. As long as she keeps bringing in the change and doesn't piss me off, I think we're good." Takes his hat and puts it on, finishes his breakfast. It never got delivered. I mean, who are you asking? Okay. Cordell and Shayne are now changing over into the next morning staff. As they're getting their stuff together, the morning staff would be Kendrick-- -- and Natibe, yes. You took notes. But yeah, as they're changing over, you walk over and ask them. And Shayne goes, "Yeah, no, we "had a messenger come by and drop something off for you guys." "Well, we gave it to Erwen and he brought it inside, but you guys weren't home." "A small wooden thing, right?" Cordell's like, "Yeah, it was like a small wooden case." "Erwen took it in." They both look at each other. "Look, our shift's over." "Probably inside the keep! I don't watch your little old man-servant. I'm sorry. I'm "supposed to watch the front of the gate." Okay. Erwen, who's dressed up in his proper servant attire now that he has to entertain guests. His hair is slicked back and is a scoop of a balding male dome. "Yes, Vex'ahlia. May I be of "service to you this morning?" "Oh, you." "Oh! Oh yes! No, there was a delivery." "I was looking for you all, but no one was home. So I asked around if anyone had seen you and "your guests said that you would be coming and that they would hold it for you until you arrived." He's stood up and put his hat on. "Ah, yes!" "Oh! (laughs) Yes, we were making sure that it wasn't pilfered by any untrustworthy types. Of "course, of course." "We're more than happy to help. You being such fine hosts to us, it's the least we could "do." And he leans over to Kent. (murmurs something) You can read lips. As he leans over, he says, "Kent, you better go get the box." "Right, okay." Steps away, runs up to the guest room that they were staying, comes back down carrying the small chest. Okay. (laughs) It'll take you a little while. It's a lot of coin. You get, for about the next 30-ish minutes or so, you're counting through and you're starting to get towards the bottom of it and you've gotten to about roughly the 3,500-4,000 gold section, before Kent comes up to you behind and takes a small satchel and empties it into the chest as well and goes, "And that as "well, sorry. Keeping it separate, so in case--" "Right, you wouldn't lose everything." "Thinking ahead." You've all, eventually, come downstairs. He said he's in love. Were you being honest? Yeah. No, Scanlan seemed pretty honest, if guarded. At this point, Dr. Dranzel is like, "Speaking of which, where is Kaylie? I haven't "seen her all morning." "Yes, yes!" "Yeah, just an investigation." "And while you guys do that, we'll wait here and eagerly keep an eye out for Kaylie and--" "Sure." "Not this evening, no." "I wouldn't dream of it, Scanlan." Tips his hat a little. "Understood." And as you turn and look over at the door, Jarett's there with his crossbow, still over on the side, looking in. He glances over. At this point, Zedd, the rather rotund drummer, has finished eating his breakfast. He's got bits of egg in his beard. He spins around and goes, "You're more than welcome to stay here with us." "Right." Grog leaves. All right. Yeah. You guys make your way towards the Cloudtop District. You're allowed through the gates and you find your way across the central residential area to the far northeast side of the district. This is further away from the palace, within viewing distance from Allura's tower, which still stands over the entirety of the district, like this looming monolith. Currently empty and cold as she's over in Whitestone for this investigation. However, you do come across the familiar site of General Krieg's homestead, the one you infiltrated a little over a year ago. It looks like it's a little dilapidated, but strangely enough, for a person who's purchased this estate, there wasn't much attempt to try and beautify it. The ivy has overgrown the bottom of it. There is still the iron gate around it. It is currently closed and there are no guards posted around it. It looks empty and vacant and dark in the windows. It's about noon. Okay. You guys scoot around to the back side. Anything in particular you're looking for? Perception check. For those who wish to look around. All right. We have Percy and Vax glance over. You take about five minutes or so paying very close attention to any sort of possible movement or light within the building. Nothing. It is dark. It is motionless. The windows are closed. It's a dark interior and you can't really make any details out of the inside from this point, because it is so closed off. Some of the curtains have actually been drawn shut. But not all of them, a few of the windows are open. Outside the house? The grass, the lawn that surrounds this-- Surrounding buildings. There a number of other homes as well, but this area is the more upper class, upper crust aspect of Emon. A number of various manors and rather decadent buildings. Each building has its own color scheme, its own architecture. Each thing is trying to be distinct and different in this microcosm of the societal space of Emon, where most of the gold passes through. They have their own worries about presentation. Which is interesting, because in the middle of all these very beautiful homes, you have General Krieg's home, which is pretty basic, red brick, utilitarian and sticks out like a sore thumb by comparison. Or doesn't stick out at all by comparison, because it's so normal-looking. Glancing about, there are none in your immediate vicinity. You're not that far from the Citrine Garrison, which is the centerpiece of the higher military folk. And they do have their own guard station about. You're about a ten-minute walk from the palace, which has a number of guards throughout, and you do have some patrols that come through the city. But in the middle of the day in the Cloudtop, it's not as pressing a place for guard presence. So you haven't seen any immediately around you. But I'm sure if you wait for the next 15-20 minutes, one will probably come your way. (bear noises) As he growls into your ear. There is a gate. You guys were around back. There's the gate, which is about-- the fence itself is about seven feet tall with little metal impaler spikes on the top. All right. Go ahead and make an acrobatics check. Okay! Okay. You deftly avoid falling upon one and spearing your manhood, thankfully. As you grab the edge, (grunts) loftily heft yourself over the top of the gate, landing within the other side of the browning yard that hasn't been well-kept. Grog walks away from you guys towards the house brazenly in the middle of the midday sun. Okay. You're going, "Shh! Follow me." (squeaking sound) (laughter) Grog, you're already at the front door. You guys hear in the distance (knocking) as Grog's fist is now hitting-- Nobody answers the door. Do you have lockpicks? Vex appears seemingly out of nowhere and slaps his lockpicks-- I'm sorry, Vax. So, Pike. I've gotten much better at that. Pike, you want to try and pick the lock? All right. Go ahead and roll a d20 and add your dexterity. Okay, go for it. That is a real easy d10 inspiration die for you, Pike. So go ahead and roll a d20, add your dexterity modifier. Which is what? Yeah, well, what'd you roll? Okay. Then what's your dexterity modifier? That's a seven. Now go ahead and roll a d10 and add that to it. All right. Wow. Okay, that puts you at a 15, which is actually directly the DC of the door. Even better! Yes. With the rattle of metal plate, the untrained eye, and a couple times you hear the metal (creaking) beginning to bend as she, having no previous experience really with lockpicks from what you know, you're afraid she's going to break your toolset. However, she's picked up a few things while she was at sea with, you know, more of the swashbuckling brigades over the western shores, and much to your surprise, she (click, opening sound). The door opens and the dark interior of the home is at your disposal. As you step into the home a little bit, the first thing you notice is the smell. Immediate, pungent scent of decay hits your nose. The source is not in immediate visual range and you can't really tell what type of decay it is, but it's a definitively terrible smell, and one that permeates the interior of the foyer. Foyer. All right, you come in. It's an experience as you guys walk in, it catches you off guard and you stand, the main foyer open before you, the only light currently within the interior is the bit of sunlight that's bouncing in from the front open doors and a few of the windows in the distance. To your left is a dining room, there's a big red carpet in the center of the room, there's tapestries put all-- actually, the decor in here is much more garish than you recall. When you were last here it was very simple, it was very minimalist, and you got the impression that the house for the most part was not being lived in outside of the servant. You recall there was a passageway across from the foyer that led to a gallery and that which had the-- Yep. The false wall in the back. Trinket comes sniffing up. (sniffing sounds) Go ahead and make a perception check for Trinket. True. Okay, so Trinket sniffs through, steps into the center of the foyer, pushes past the carpet into the middle of the dining room, and looks up at the table and as soon as you look over, Trinket growls for a moment and you see there on the center of the dining room table is a meal set up. Drink, food, but is completely molded over to the point where parts of it have bloated and spilled off and liquid has-- the putrescence has spread across part of the surface. It's been there for quite some time, you don't know quite how long. Yeah, you check down, you put your finger across it, and it is a little dusty. It's not been an extremely long period of time but there is a layer of dust. Currently from what you can see, no. You've all begun to walk into the foyer, yes. Yes, the smell gets more intense as you enter the dining room. Sure. You take a moment and concentrate and use your Druidcraft. The fungus begins to reform and more mushroom-like spores begin to appear out of it and sprout from the current festering mass. Whereas once was a nasty spore cloud-based fungus, you've now converted almost into a colored mushroom-type presentation It'll probably lessen the stench over time, but no immediate effect as the smell has been hanging here stagnant for quite a while. What's up, Pike? You can. What is the duration on that one? Yeah, you can do that. So, as you guys are walking in, Pike clasps her holy symbol and closes her eyes for a second and you begin to see these almost glowing orbs, like these ghostly entities that begin to swirl and follow around you. Similar in the spirit stuff of Pike's form when she was alongside you guys in Whitestone. Who's heading upstairs? The downstairs would be the path that you found last time. You didn't inspect the rest of the house at that point. Okay. As Vex, Scanlan, and Percy head towards the stairway, they step across the red carpet in the center of the foyer-- I need all three of you to make a dexterity saving throw. Correct. Nice. (laughs) Okay, as you all step across, there's a sudden smell of-- you've smelled it before-- it's the fresh strike of a lightning bolt or something that has burned in the atmosphere. You look over at Percy and both of you feel this slight bit of tension and energy in the room and you dodge out of the way. At which point, suddenly, there is a burst of force energy from the center of the room that surrounds Scanlan, blasting him in the process and you feel like you're lifted off your feet but instead of being thrown upwards, you slam into what feels like a roof that's far too low for the one you've seen. You go ahead and take 16 points of force damage and you land (impact) on the ground, prone. You look up around you and there is a cage of arcane force energy right now that is holding you in place in a ten by ten foot area. (crackling). This is in the foyer. You guys just now went, "All right, we're doing this, go!" (impact) It's not even two steps into your plan. Yeah, you all see Scanlan currently now trapped in this force cage. Scanlan, roll another dexterity check Okay. You can see the cage itself, its unstable energy occasionally arcs across like a Tesla coil and you manage to dodge out of the way and you can see now this cage not just holds you in place, but it also perpetually tries to damage those who are captured. As Keyleth waves her hand now the entire force cage vanishes into the air. I will say for the purposes of this, everyone roll an investigation check. Everyone roll an investigation check. This is investigation. Okay. The three of you going upstairs you find no further traps, you go through the rooms on the top floor. You find that where previously most of them were empty, a lot of them have been furnished now but most of the furnishings have been untouched, like the house was being set up to be almost like a summer home or a side home, but no signs of life; everything seems to have the same layer of dust you found on the floor in the foyer. There is no real wealth being kept here, 'cause I know that's probably what you're looking for. It looks like whoever had intended to, this collector, hadn't quite gotten to the point of wanting to move any of their fortune, their masses, into the upstairs area. But it has been largely untouched for a number of months. Now what did you roll? Grog? Pike? Okay. You guys take a little while to pore through the kitchen, you find a basement, you open the latch and go down and look throughout and it smells mildewed down there, but from general dampness, almost like recent rainy weather soaked into the ground soil there and was left to mildew a bit. You don't find any other signs of life, looking about all the rooms. You find the music room, there's the main living den area; mostly it's almost like a showroom like everything was set up but then never had the chance to actually host anyone or someone to actually live there and enjoy it. From what you can tell, the meal that was prepared, the pots and pans and stuff that were used to cook it are currently in a small basin that carries a little bit of still water that's been slowly evaporating over time with bits of dried food crusted around the sides. The meal itself appears to have been abandoned not in haste, there's no signs of a struggle, the fork is still resting partially in the now mushroom fungus-covered pile. Even getting near it you're still like (disgusted grunt) but there's no previous sign of a struggle. It looked like it was just made for one person. Actually, there are a number of rather garish tapestries around. A number of them are of different animals running and hunting and chasing, not in a very beautiful way, but the kind that you'd, you know, find at an airport. You know, like Kinkade "Burst of Light." Yeah. They're all thematic and similar and none of them seem to have any other theme other than whoever ordered them seems to like animals. No, not in this current setup. Okay, you scoot through and using-- do you have Detect Magic memorized? Then make an arcana check to inspect and see if you see any signs of-- 14. Going from place to place, nothing seems to jump out at you as enchanted or any sort of arcane nature. The only room you haven't inspected yet is the hallway across from the foyer, the one that led into the original gallery room and then into the hidden-- What's up, Pike? Yeah, make a religion check. Okay. Looking about and keeping this in mind, you don't see any sort of religious iconography. Any of the artwork, any of the small knickknacks that are throughout the den, nothing here speaks of any sort of religious connotation, or at least whoever has decorated this place did so purely out of visual aesthetic choice. So yeah, nothing catches your attention in this room. All right. All right. Pike, Grog-- what's the rest of the marching order here? Then Percy. All right. So-- All right, you guys step through, it's a short hallway and it leads you into a 20x80 long room, and here you do see a number of tapestries, and there are the ones that were left previously, actually. This room has not really been touched much since you came in when Krieg currently lived here. You can see these tapestries are much older, these ones depict more mythological moments. One of them shows the elemental creation of existence. It's almost like a biblical-type very artistic representation of the creation of the different planes. You've seen it done before-- Yeah. Yeah, same one. There are a number of small cylindrical platforms that rise up in the center of this room. You see on the first sets a series of bronze busts of a particular man wearing a cloth wrap, a headpiece. His features are still nondescript. There's a lot of detail in the clothing, in the neck wrap and the head wrap. But when it comes to the actual features of the face it's very simple and plain. No. I'm actually going to ask you guys to roll a history check. All righty. So, glancing at this, the three of you-- you don't recognize the face at all. And the best that you can recall is there have been tales in a far-off continent called Marquet, which is a largely desert landscape. The few bastions of civilization that exist in this desert, there is one central town, referred to as Ank'Harel. You've never been there. You've heard of it. And it's this little oasis in this center of this vast desert. It's also where Jarett is from. And you've heard that the city has been lorded over and run in a very benevolent way by an individual referred to as J'mon Sa Ord. The city has existed for about 400 years, and since its existence has been run by J'mon Sa Ord. People don't know if he's human, what he is. But he's apparently lived that long. 400 years. That's as much as you can assert. And those thoughts come to you three and you see this bust, these series of busts that seem to depict this individual, and to the best of your knowledge that's probably an artist's depiction of J'mon Sa Ord. Which you've never seen in Tal'Dorei. Or anything of this type of construct. Okay. Sure, make a perception check. Correct, yes. Desert and mountains. (laughs) Looking about, there are no traps in this room. It looks to be pretty clean, pretty clear. Also, you see on the pillars there are a few other things. There is a golden tea set made of pure gold on one of the pillars. There is a mostly-- and very old-looking set-- not complete set of ivory-carved dominoes. There's a human skull-- humanoid skull-- doesn't quite look human. It looks elongated and the teeth are sharpened. Looks almost elvish. But one eye socket has an uncut rough emerald embedded in the socket. The right socket. Okay, are you just taking a look at it? It's sitting on one of the columns, yeah. It's part of the collection. As you reach out take it and its weight and you lift it off the cylindrical pillar-- As you turn it, it turns freely. You lift it up off of the pillar and on that. As you do that... nothing happens. It is in your hands. However-- Yeah. It's heavier than you expected it would be and-- There's a part of you that-- like a slight cold chill runs down your spine. No, just like every person has that little part in the back of their head that says, "This "probably isn't a good idea, but whatever." (laughter) So, you're holding it in your hand, what do you want to do? It's set in the socket, actually, and the emerald-- go ahead and make a perception check. All right. Glancing into the socket, you can see the emerald is actually set within the socket. It is set with meticulously jewel-crafted gold inlay that actually almost looks like a very deepset filigree that binds it within the socket itself, like it's very deliberately placed. The craftsmanship of the very, very fine gold filigree, and yet the uncut nature of the emerald, seems strange and as you inspect the emerald itself, it seems almost like while the gem itself is stationary, there is the ever-so-faint image of movement within the gem. Almost like a freshly disturbed pond, like a slight ripple of the surface of water, there is just ever-so-slowly shifting within the gem. Sure. The skull does not come from any beast that you are familiar with, you've not encountered a creature of this physiology, and it definitely doesn't come from the realm of nature from your understanding. Okay. Okay, so what are you trying to check about the skull? Well, it depends on what nature you're trying to ascertain of the skull. Are you trying to figure-- There are spells called Detect Good and Evil. You have it memorized? Okay. All right. So. As per the spell, let me get the rules up here real fast. Because the question comes up often, if you want this app on your phone, it's called Fight Club 5. On the iTunes store for free. You have to do some updates and uploading of your own, you can find information on the web on how to do it but that way you know and stop tweeting me. I don't mind, it's fine. All right, so. Detect Good and Evil. Evil and Good. All right, so. You take a moment and you focus-- by the way, this is a concentration spell, doing this will get rid of your spirit guardians. Okay. So as the orbs that have been rotating around for the past, you know, it's been about ten minutes, they probably would have faded anyway, gently dissipate, you focus your intent on the skull, and this object, while it is not a desecrated object per se, there is an essence inside that does not strike you as moral. There is something about its very nature that does give you pause. You are unable to ascertain the nature, given the fact that you would have to take some time with it to really do so, but you get the feeling that there is some power within it, but probably not the kind that is very fortuitous for someone of your persuasion. Yeah. You go ahead and take the top off the tea set and look inside; it is empty, it is polished, and the light that comes in as you open the top just refracts the image from the outside of the tea set, and it's just beautiful craftsmanship. The actual gold itself is very smooth on most of the tea kettle, and all the cups themselves all have very very intricate scrolling on them that have been handcarved in; it's a beautiful set. This is like a royal gift. This is something that, you know, people who trade across political boundaries use to, you know, send goodwill to the other side. This is probably worth quite a bit. You look on the bottom and it has the initials L.M. The street cousin of Vecna. Yeah, some of them are set on the side, there's a stack, and then a few of them are set up-- it's literally placed in like a nice presentational like QVC style "turn it and look at all the cool dominoes" type. Okay. All the dominoes (scattering sound) scatter and fall off the sides, (clatter sounds) and clinking on the ground, some of the ivory chips a little bit on some of the corners. Nothing bad seems to happen. It stands there, cold, against the very well, you taste it. As your tongue touches the ivory of the domino, it tastes somewhat salty. All right. You guys make your way to the far back wall of the room and there is that same tapestry that you saw before, it depicts a large storm cloud that is roaring over the cliffs. You open up the tapestry and it's just a flat stone wall. Okay, as you lick the wall your face (wind sound) passes through the wall. (laughter) As your head passes through, you look about and you can see stairs that descend for about 40 feet into darkness. Yeah, there's a tapestry in front of it, yeah. Okay, as you take the tapestry and you put it around, you grab on the ends of it and you jump in the air, it jumps with you and lands with you. It's a very heavy tapestry. Most tapestries, the amount of craftsmanship that goes into it, the material-- this one in particular, it falls very very heavily against the wall and doesn't really gather any air or-- Okay. As you throw the tapestry on top of the skull-- Nothing happens. It's just fun to mess with you guys. All right, so you guys progress down the stairway? Delight. Glancing in the next room, and this is a small chamber you guys have seen before, it's about 30 feet across, on the far end there is a small, circular stone platform about six inches thick that has deep inset runes carved in a circular pattern across it. It's less polished than the ones you've seen at the Lyceum in Emon, but it is definitively the last teleportation circle you took to the cavern that housed General Krieg where you had your encounter. Correct. You actually distinctly recall the pattern, to the best of your ability. Now I want you to go ahead and make a wisdom check. 20. Yeah, you recall the exact pattern through. Leading the way, stepping from stone to stone to stone, you guys following his pattern, you manage to make your way, all of you, including Trinket who has to (bear grunts). Guide you through. You make your way all the way across the room to the teleportation circle, and this is the end of this portion of the hallway. What do you wish to do? Go ahead and make a survival check. True, I was giving this more as a means of giving the trained tracker a better look into this. I'll give you a simple perception check as you're not quite sure. But with Keyleth's help that will give you advantage. It's hard to tell. This room itself is pretty dark, the little sconces that hold this low flicker of eternal arcane light, they're just gently flickering on the sides of the walls, in the low light it's hard to make out any details of the ground and for the most part the stonework here seems unchanged. There were four orbs and then one eye showed up in one of the orbs and then all four cracked. Okay. As each one of you step on individually onto the platform, there's a brief moment of the wind beneath your stomach being lifted and you feel those butterflies hit as suddenly your imagery shifts and immediately you find yourself standing on a similar platform elsewhere. As you step off, as you feel force pushing you forward, as each individual starts appearing behind in rapid succession, immediately you notice the air change to extremely cold. Looking around you can see there, directly near you, there are a few stalagmites with a little layer of snow and ice on it and there are a couple patches of ice that have solidified on parts of the floor. Across the way you can see immediately a large portion of the entire tunnel has collapsed. There's just piles of just rocks and stones that have filled about 60 to 65% of what was previously General Krieg, or as you found the name to be, Bonescythe-- Brimscythe, sorry. Brimscythe's chambers. All the rocks have crumbled onto where the dragon hoard that you were rage-looting before, currently resided now just held beneath the boulders and rocks. There are pockets of the cave that are walkable. To the left it ends to where the boulders and rubble had fallen, to the right it continues outward towards the outside of the mountain where you guys recall stepping to the edge of the precipice, and you notice that this mountain was very,very high up in the mountain range somewhere in the world where there was just ice and snow-capped mountains as far as you could see into this valley of high crags. You recognize it as the Cliffkeep, which is the large mountain range to the north of Tal'Dorei which contains Kraghammer, the very south base contains Gatshadow, and it's where the Umbra Hills leads up into-- You don't know where in that range, it's a huge mountain range, but it's in that range. Make a perception check. (sings) Make a perception check. Everybody who wants to look around. Percy. Keyleth. All right. The combined vision of you three, glancing about, you see there are scattered bits of gold and silver occasionally visible around the floor, but they're all independent and probably thrown about during the scuffle or the collapse. You guys notice there are bits of dragon bone trapped beneath the rocks. Exposed elements of these bones appear to be scraped and already sundered by somebody harvesting the remains, the long-decayed remains, of Brimscythe. You also notice there are two tunnels to the north and south side of this chamber across from where you guys entered. They're smooth, about ten feet in diameter, and both carve into the heart of the rock. 20? Okay. The way these tunnels are created, and you've seen umber hulks and things of that nature carved through, there is a rough aspect to that digging and burrowing process where the earth itself has an uneven, you know, a general purposed direction, but is in itself a very haphazard just grab and tear what's in your way type form of burrowing. These are round and smooth. Okay, you guys can do that. No. In fact, one of them is burrowing through the actual rubble on the north side by where the hoard was buried. Okay. As you step up and look about the rubble, the best you can make out is parts of the rock, and you know, the rock here has been set since the collapse of this side of the tunnel, there are a series of scratch marks across the set stones and rocks here. Meaning that something large has rummaged through the rubble here. Something with bladed or clawed appendages has been here and has very viciously or hurriedly attempted to find its way through the rubble. You also notice there is, to the immediate left and northwestern side of this cavern, a small alcove that just disappears into the wall out of sight. No, that was there before, yeah. You and dragons-- Yeah, as your favored enemy, make a-- Make a nature check. With advantage because it's a dragon. Dragons are magical entities. This would be more arcana. They're magical entities. I'll give you either/or. What did you get? Okay. These marks across could very easily have come from a dragon, a very large one. You also notice that there are elements of the rocks amongst this rubble, that there appears to be soot and singe marks across it. There are a couple that can burrow and dig through rock and stone. In particular, the blue dragon, the one that you guys defeated in here, can burrow naturally, as can the white dragons. They're natural burrowers, though not the most intelligent of the chromatic dragons. You also know that some of the metallic dragons also, like the brass dragon is a burrower. Not that smooth. Those come from something else. You inspecting the alcove? As you look inside the alcove, immediately you see in the shadow and what little bit of light is coming from the outside part of the tunnel, and it is pretty obscured here. I would recommend putting a torch up if you have one. Okay, you spark up a torch. You inspect the inside of this alcove and immediately you see the reflection of the light across the surface of something. Something humanoid standing there in wait. You draw your weapon and aim it. What you can see, as you take a moment, is an older man, wrinkled in face, eyes open, mouth agape in fear, his arms out before him, back to the wall on the inside. Frozen solid. Investigation check. It's hard to tell what may have frozen him. The temperature here is very cold. He may have just frozen to death, but his face, his expression leads you to believe that this was more a moment of duress. More immediate than a slow, subtle, over time. His clothing is very, very well-made. There is embroidery across the sleeves and the base of these robes. He appears to have jewelry on him. He has not quite a Fu Manchu, but a mustache that extends beyond here. The hair is braided and goes to his lower back. He is human, hunched, and that's about the most you can make out at this visual state. The resemblance is uncanny. No. On top of being purely human and no one you've ever recognized, no. The northern tunnel, the smooth tunnel as you bring your torch over, whoever's inspecting the north one. You don't have to, but as you guys look up, having low-light vision helps in this circumstance, as well. You can see a little bit of a glistening. As you peer into the smooth tunnel ahead of you, you can see that where the rock was burrowed through, a portion of it has opened up a pocket, and there's a small fountain of gold spilling into the tunnel. Not like a perpetual-- it looks like whatever tore through here, gold pieces that were buried as part of the collapsing tunnel were exposed and spilled into the tunnel. The frozen man is very dead. What elements of the individual that you've heard about does match some of the description of this individual. Okay. The spell does require the corpse to be able to speak, so you would have to thaw him. Okay. It's going to take you a little bit, but using your simple druidic powers. You're using cantrips, essentially. Or your fire hands. Yeah, so it'll take you a little while, but you begin to thaw the corpse. What's everyone else doing? You guys step along. You go with Vex into the tunnel. You're watching the south area as they pass you, and you're currently thawing. Is Trinket coming with you guys, or is Trinket staying with you in the tunnel? Okay, cool. And you're with? You start scooping the gold, and you can see now, some of this appears to have been taken. Someone has been through here and it looks like there has been some attempts at looting this area. It looks like someone has already pulled in here, and there's an empty pocket there, but you start pulling gold out and scooping it into the Bag of Holding. As you guys are walking away, you feel this lurch in the floor. All you guys begin to feel this vibration in the ground. It gets louder and more violent. You see the coins on the ground beginning to rattle and move. Make a nature check. It feels like an earthquake. As the shouting has happened, towards the center of the room, the ground explodes. There is a blast of shrapnel shale that bursts in the vicinity. No one is immediately there, so none of you are harshly impacted, but you see erupting from the ground a large form begin to burst out of the ground. Okay. You guys see this form now in the low light emerge. Ten, 15, 20, 25 feet up, this long, cylindrical mass curves up and begins to shift. As it does, like a giant arm, it twists around and stares at the room, and what you see before you is this elongated wormlike structure where a giant mouth opens up with rows and rows of sharp teeth on the interior of its toothy maw. Deal with it! It's the perfect circumstance for the term. As you see strands of saliva pull apart and you see a very hint of color beneath the dark surface, a deep purple tone to its thick segmented hide. No, you have not. And that's where we're going to leave tonight's session. (yelling) So next week, we're going to pick up with that chaos. We'll all pitch in. I'm kind of serious. Don't do that. We'll pick up at the start of this encounter next Thursday. Things with tremorsense are fun. You'll find out. You haven't had a chance to count. That's what adventure is! You really don't have to, but it was an option. (singing) Critical Role!