Hello, everyone! And welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. (cheering) I actually don't know. That's weird. Well-- Well, Sam, wherever you are, you're not watching, so you'll never hear this anyway. (laughter) Before we get into tonight's episode, let's get through a few announcements here. First and foremost, tonight we have the delight of being sponsored by our returning friends Puzzle Quest! (cheering) This is true. And starts jamming candy bars in his mouth. That's pretty intense, actually. Do they have Slapstick? (cries) I know. That's exactly why. We have any merch updates? Or are we just still kicking ass in the store? Perfect. Thank you, Laura. That was adorable. We have Wondercon coming up! Which we're excited about. It's for you guys who are able to come to Wondercon, Anaheim, California, April 1st on Saturday, we're having our Talks Machina live panel from 2-3PM in the Arena, the big room there, and-- Trying to fill the room. Because if we manage to fill the room, we can use that as an example as to why we have good crowds, and we can hopefully do more events in more places in the country, or around the world! And see you guys in person. That's new. I didn't-- Okay! So that's a thing. See that-- yeah. Perfect. April 1st. 2PM at Wondercon, our panel, and-- Speaking of Taliesin unconscious-- Wednesday Club! And Signal Boost. Our good friend of the show, David Nett, actually, his episode just went up today. David Nett, who is an amazing dungeon master. You can actually see him on Round Table, the new show that just hopped up on Alpha. He's also our trainer, who's been kicking our ass in the gym. Four sets of core sets. And Peggy, not happy to be there. Perfect. I'm so excited! I'm so excited! I'm so scared! For those who don't know what that is, you're young. (laughter) All right. Also, today was the episode of CelebriD&D. There's a preview on YouTube and the full episode's on Alpha right now. Hopefully they'll bring it out down the road. With Joe Manganiello, who is legitimately an awesome guy. We got to know him pretty well through the process and he's a huge old-school RPG-- like, he GM'd GURPS and Rifts for years in the late 80s in a little comic shop. I would never have guessed. We nerded out extremely hard. He's one of my new favorite people. So check it out. We had a good time. He had a cool hat and a fun character. And he got to play with a younger Keyleth and Percival in a one-shot that is technically Exandria-canon. And, of course, next Tuesday you can come and see some of us as well as our fantastic host, Brian Wayne Foster, on Talks Machina, Tuesday at 7PM, here on Twitch or Alpha. And don't forget to check that out. It will be about this episode. Now, lest I am mistaken, I think we're done. And that means it's time-- -- to start tonight's episode of Critical Role. Hello and welcome back, everybody. Nice one, Laura. Well done. So, bringing us into tonight's episode. Last we left off, Vox Machina, after completing their assault and destruction of the Chroma Conclave, they're tying up loose ends, various adventure hooks and dangers they'd left out in the open from earlier or during that whole adventure. After taking Keyleth to Vesrah to take her final trial of the Aramente, her long, many-year journey to prove her ability to lead her people, the Air Ashari, you returned to Zephra. Met her father, expressed that the trial was complete, and the ceremony took place in which Keyleth was given the mantle and officially titled as the Voice of the Tempest, the now-standing leader of the Air Ashari. Which, by the way, I'm supposed to give you this. That's the thing. You have your leadership feat. It's your mantle. It's nothing crazy. But it's fun. (laughs) Rothfuss jacked that cloak. He has the stats up there as a reminder? Framed? Please do that if you haven't already, Pat, please. So, after the ceremony is completed-- After the crowning, the ceremony coming to a close, the evening's celebration kicks off and as the setting sun begins to darken the sky, the people of Zephra are now bringing out foods and treats and cakes, and they're putting up ribbons of blue and white and gold on some of the nearby trees and doorways. And the folks of the Air Ashari tribe now are in the process of enjoying both the return of their people and the fact that there is now a clear head of leadership, and you guys are now surrounded, basking in the afterglow of the event as well as deciding with slow-rising tension what you have as the next step in your journey. So, what would you guys like to do? Okay. And wherever you walk now, because you have the mantle upon you and you have the cascading autumn-colored leaf cloak that flows behind you, it still seems very ceremonial in this jovial, party-based atmosphere. And as you move, you still can't help but notice that all eyes are on you at any given point in time. People seem generally excited that you've returned and that you've taken up this position. Eventually you make your way off where you can see there are a handful of the older, the more elder members of the Zephra tribe. They're around Korren currently, who notices you approach and shushes them all for a moment, turns to you, "Ah, Keyleth, my daughter. "How can I help you?" "Of course. You do realise that you can still call me father. I mean, I know you're the "leader, but--" He puts his hand up and puts his arm around your shoulder and guides you off away from the chaos of the celebration. You hear the whistling of music and flutes and thin tanner drums going off in the distance. And as it fades the further off you guys walk in the direction of the tree where the ceremony took place-- (something falls in the background) "I will." "It's very windy up here. Don't worry about it." As you walk further away towards the tree, he takes his arm off from around your shoulder and says, "Now, I understand you have many questions and we've prepared you as much as we could leading "up to this journey you've gone on, but now you're here." "Primarily, the people of Zephra look to you for guidance when choices are hard, difficult." "You are the acting head of law, like I've been all this time. If there is conflict, if there "is difficulty, if there is a challenge that presents itself, that requires the wisdom of a "leader to step in--" "That's when you're called upon." "The nature of the Aramente is fluid. I have not taken it as I am not the leader. It is "tradition and it is both, as far as I understand, a series of challenges and lessons tailored to "whatever a person seems to be seeking or what you can draw from that, but also to interface with the "other tribes and establish that connection between all the leaderships." "That is part of the Aramente itself." "You're not wrong to have these thoughts." "We tried, but you can only tell someone so much. Do you not think we spent days warning you "of the dangers and difficulty? We didn't thrust you out in the world with a smile, going 'have fun.' "We told you it was challenging, we warned you of the people you might interface with that "you couldn't trust. And for the first legs of it, we had a few scouts keeping an eye." "Just to make sure you were safe." "To be fair, when every parent has a child come of age, you can only coddle them so far. "Every bird has to be kicked out of the nest for it to learn to fly. Not because we want to, but "because that's how things are." "Now, as leader of these people, you go and learn how best we can establish ourselves in this "countryside. Where once we-- (sighs) Gwessar, or Tal'Dorei as the humans call it, all of our "civilizations are merging. Isolation that we've relied upon is becoming less and less viable." "And so part of, I think, what you have already begun, is finding a way to bring not just "the Ashari, but Zephra as well, necessary friendships and allies." "I agree." "All right. Come back. Do what you need to. You're not bound to this mountain. Just know that "your heart is here, and we'll call for you if we need you. And when you're not needed beyond it, "this is your home." "I'm proud of you." And his professional exterior falls away and he just steps forward and gives you a big, warm, fatherly embrace and just holds you there. "Sorry." He rights his posture, shoulders back. "You know, do what you like. It's yours." "You probably should." "All right." So as the ceremony dies down, the evening comes to rest, the night sky takes over and you can still hear the gentle whistling of the winds through the various cracks and crevices in the mountainside. You are brought to your respective temporary abodes for the evening to rest, and to plan, and plot what you wish to do going forward. So, what do you want to do? You talked all through the night. No rest was had. (laughter) You would know this. Percy, through your research. It's not terribly uncommon for mortals to wander through the City of Dis specifically because it is where goods, gold, and largely souls are traded to and from various structures or entities within the hells and beyond. To just consume or eat someone means nothing. The true worth of a soul is in corrupting it. And they do so through enticing, through corrupting their morals, through driving mortals through bargains and pacts to end up twisting into entities of order and evil as well, and then claim the soul of that. Contracts are a big thing. Yeah, into a lemure, or other forms of soul-based energy. But contracts are a very, very important part of the whole economy. Ah, no. That was a demon disguised as a devil. Confusing? Correct. Yes. Taryon does pipe in, he's like-- "Oh, but I've such fine handwriting! If we need to sign anything, just let me know. I'm happy to." "I've signed a lot of contracts in my time. My father used--" "-- to do contracts throughout the countryside." "This is true!" "How about if I read them and I like it?" "Agree to disagree." He goes through his bag and pulls out the contract. "I stand corrected." "Doty, write this down. Be more careful about exclusivity in future contracts." (laughter) "No! We did-- Did we get caught?" "I don't know. I still have-- I only remember half of what happened." "I think I blocked it out. But what I remember was interesting." Takes the book and starts thumbing through real fast. You look over at Doty who still has chunks and clusters of bits of red hair from the somewhat removed goatee. Yeah. His secret goatee. There wasn't a terrible lot of information. Not all the devils are in the same system. There is a promotion-demotion system in which devils advance and are demoted based on their elements there. But there are other fiends that exist in that space that aren't part of that system. Rakshasas are a little bit outside of that system. Succubi, incubi, they're a little bit outside of that system. There are other fiendish creatures that actually traverse between both the Abyss and the Hells based on what their interests are. So that's predominantly the structure of the devils that are-- Well, that are built within the Hells as their primary domain. And many who sometimes aren't under contract go there as well. And you would know this, actually. The Raven Queen, as part of the laws of the cosmos that hold the various planes together, the Raven Queen does indeed escort good souls to the positive planes, the upper planes, and not-so-good souls to the lower ones. Since? It's been, offhand, a couple of months. Just blackmail the writers of Blindspot. Yeah, just throw all the NPCs at me. (laughing) You guys could Jaeger her again. Yes? Illusions are different than actually physically changing yourself. Correct. Seeming was an illusion. Illusions and-- As far as you know, the pit fiend you encountered is the only creature that saw through an illusion. However, illusions and transmutation spells, things that actually physically alter your form, that's not considered an illusion. You are actually changing your physicality, so Alter Self would not be something that a creature with Truesight could see through. I mean, you could alter yourself to look more-- -- like one. Maybe, yeah. I mean, you wouldn't be able to give yourself wings. You don't know. Ah, actually-- (laughter) I know, I know. Well, before I gave you a basic structure and I am filling in the gaps as we go. Yes, they are quite often found there. That is specifically a city that a lot of the social construct revolves around the cross-section between the mortal races and devils. "Oh, well, I do believe that I can enhance somebody's visage." Yeah. "But I can do it as well, and probably a little better." "I did, sorry." "I thought that's why you wanted it gift-wrapped." "I will say I did buy them, if I could also--" "Oh, but they're measly trifles of healing, I could use something--" "The best that money could buy." "It's functional." "Greater." Infernal. You don't know. You really don't know. "Not at the moment. However, if we have enough time, I'm sure we could go and find a local "class that teaches, maybe go to the Lyceum and we could learn the basics. Few weeks." "No, I do not. Please, don't do that. Which, by the way, if we need any sort of healing--" And he rummages through his pouch here and says, "I can muster a couple of short-term potions if it "gets too bad." "Well, I can only really use one for myself, and I wanted a backup." "I don't see why we wouldn't. Why would we not want to bring him with us?" "Doty doesn't speak." This is where it would be useful for Sam to send me his character sheet so I would know what languages he chose. But because Sam's not here, no. Doty does not know or speak Infernal. "No, you don't need to do that." "I would not recommend it." I would say, yeah. Well, no, you keep your intellect, it's not like you learn what the creature would know. So probably not. Any average example of that creature, one without any class levels or the spellcasting trait. So you don't get any spells. If you turn into something that has spellcasting, you don't get their spells. You maintain your intellect-- You get their abilities, their physical abilities and things they can do. Yeah. So I don't think you'd pick up a language. Sorry. We'll say for the purposes of-- thank you for the text. So, he checked on the languages that Doty knew. And Infernal was not one of them, I'm sorry. So there are two tieflings that exist in this society. They're pretty rare when it comes to Ashari, just because a lot of tieflings tend to not feel comfortable in some natural elements sometimes. One of them is about six years old. And the other predominantly works as a gardener in the vicinity. It's not a guarantee, I don't think. Actually, most tieflings do learn Infernal as a language. You guys have been talking late into the evening, it's maybe one or two in the morning. Grog is very drunk at this point. No, you guys do have separate places to stay. People clear out in clusters, you have your own locations to sleep. You guys rest for the evening. The morning comes, with your mayo hangover. (laughter) As morning comes around, you all come to consciousness. The village of Zephra is already come to life. You can see that the townspeople are up and about, they're handling their business. The guard's being tended to. You can see the Windriders are already out, leaping from mountain peak to mountain peak, doing their perimeters in the vicinity. The children are up and being led to their various outdoor classes. The city is alive, and your business is your own. Right. It's easy enough to find, in this city in particular a tiefling sticks out like a sore thumb. You see a woman, probably in her-- it's hard to tell with a tiefling, demon don't crack. But she's a little older, she's in her 40s probably. Dark purple skin, the horns curl backward and come to almost a singular point behind-- And the dark hair shifts in streaks of gray, but she's in the middle of what looks to be, gloves on, in the process of checking and planting more seeds. Yeah. This is Whitney. Yeah. Not her given name, but the name she chose when she joined the Zephra. You've interfaced here and there, nothing too immediate. You were very young and you were still-- last you were in the village, being pushed towards this place of greatness, so a lot of people didn't interact with you directly too much. But you've seen her around. She was older, much older. As you approach, she stops and wipes the dust from her hands, and turns, "Ah! My lady "Keyleth, I'm sorry." And she stands up and does, like a small-- "I didn't really know what to do--" "Hi." "You as well, congratulations." "Certainly, what can I do to help?" "I've not had to use it in a very long time. I don't know much about what you're talking about, "I've lived here my whole life. I don't know what else I can offer, as far as-- I can read "a little Infernal, and I can understand it if I hear it, I haven't really had to speak it in a "while. What do you need?" "All right." "What do you want to know?" "Oh, all right." And she takes a minute and has to scratch her head, you can see it's been a long time since she's ever had to exercise her Infernal-speaking muscles-- "I'm all right, I'm all right, I'm in the middle of my work here. Okay. For a greeting, I "mean as much as there is one. It's pretty abrupt." And if you're keeping tabs on this, it's pronounced "koo-thok". "There's, goodbye is very similar. Kuthrek." "That is usually said in a very forceful manner. Goodbyes outside of-- it's usually a very "stern separation." "What else did you--?" "I'm afraid I do not." "Look, it's all right. I understand, I-- many people just assume because of the way I look "that I know a lot about devils and demons." But I really don't. I'm sorry. "It's okay. I just--" "No, no offense taken. Just-- I wish I could be of more help. I'm sorry." "Any other phrases?" "It's okay. You're allowed to. You're the Voice of the Tempest, for goodness sake. I--" "Fair enough. 'Yes' is-- 'yes' or an acknowledgement, is more of a 'yai'." Yeah. Thanks guys. Sure, that's it now, guys. (laughter) It is now. "Not that I know of." "It's similar to 'goodbye'." "About the same. It can mean both." Well, it's more like 'aloha.' It can be 'hello' or 'goodbye', you know. "Just leave me to my gardening, if that's okay." (laughter) "You as well." As soon as you start walking away in the awkward quiet you hear her say over your shoulder, "Good luck." Okay. (laughs) (with accent) Ermahgerd. Yeah, you got to roll it. We've all suffered through those pronunciations. Mordor. Anyway, sorry. Voice-acting lamenting. So! That's a 6th-level spell. So what do you guys want to do? So excited for this. (laughter) I am so excited for this. You hear the tearing of paper behind you as Taryon takes a sheet from Doty's book and is now, "Ermahgerd." "Er-- (clears throat)--er-- (high pitched voice)-- ermahgerd. Er-- I'm practicing." "Yes, but we still prevailed." "Well, do we all have to go?" "Then I accept!" "What?" All right. What's the plan? As you all hold hands, and you complete the ritual, the incantations leaving your lips, your vision suddenly grows dark as the magics of the spell pluck you from your home plane and thrust you into the space between. Before you, a glow begins as you rocket towards an unexpected and incredible sight an endless permeable tapestry, a tangled lattice of burning, divine fire appears before you, writhing and growing as you shoot towards it with incredible speed. You instinctively wince and curl, a promise of impact triggering your need to defend yourself, the dread as the air begins to heat around you. Then-- whoom-- you impact and pass through harmlessly, the heat fading. You glance over your shoulder to see it gone. You just passed through the Divine Gate. You glance over your shoulder to see it vanish, but then another flash of red magical power consumes your vision as your feet suddenly find hard ground. As the rush of powerful energies subside, the swirl of color and sudden thrust of movement coming to an abrupt halt, you find yourself standing within an extremely dark alleyway of some kind, framed by the exterior of dark stone buildings, climbing up above you for many, many stories. The cracked, thick cobblestones that mark the floor are littered with filth, slivers of cracked skulls and bones, as well as discarded refuse of some indeterminate origin. The air here is extremely hot, the walls and floors themselves around you seemingly the source. As you look, you glance out past both sides of this alleyway you've somehow arrived in, and the air distorts with intense heat as smoke rises from the streets themselves around you, the occasional ash or ember drifting through the air in front. Now, the dense city that surrounds you is incredibly massive; the walls, the structures that clutter the immense black metropolis surrounding you glow at the edges like heated glass. As you peek past and look further out, you can see the city is a broken maze of metal ramparts built into miles of steep hillsides and shattered towers framing an endless labyrinth of twisting alleyways. Within these streets, your eyes dart around to see dozens of molten, slithering masses of flesh shifting past the mouth of the alleyway, roiling, stepping with sick slapping sound, their faces twisted into a grotesque look of ever-retching horror, the sound escaping like a (gasps in pain) wince with an underlying screech and scream. You see behind them, cracking lashes over these masses of flesh, two large humanoid devils with spine-like protrusions that come jutting out of the sides of ash-white skin pulled tight against a massive skeletal form, the backs of their bodies forming these gargantuan scorpion-like tails that dangle, looming dangerously in front of them. As they step forward (whip sounds), two more lashes go, you see these fleshy masses (gasps) begin to clutter up again and move further past the exit to the alley as these bone devil-like creatures slowly crawl past. One of them stops for a second and continues walking as you all hold your breath. A sudden, horrid stench of decay fills the air as they pass. You hear them crackling in the distance as they shove along their tortured charges. As you glance up past them, you see the sky now dozens of winged shadows glide through the air across a greenish, cloudy, barely lit sky that flashes with far distant cracks of lightning, occasionally brightening darker shapes, larger, looming in the distance. But one that draws your eye like a terrible dream, unable to look away upon noticing it, is an impossibly colossal tower of black iron and lead, stretching for hundreds of miles into the sky before vanishing into the dark, clouded expanse above you. You blink and turn around to look at the other side of the horizon, but there stands the exact same tower. You shift around; no matter your view of that horrid horizon, there stands the Iron Tower, the throne of the archdevil, Dispater, standing ever-vigilant over his Iron City of Dis. And that's where we're going to take a break. Nope! You gotta say you're going to do it. Nobody said it. We're going to take a break here, guys, real fast. For the chat room, we're giving away this really awesome Wyrmwood. It is the black and white ebony tabletop dice tray. It's fantastic. The word to use in the Twitch chat-- if you're in Alpha, move over to Twitch chat to make sure you put this in there to be part of this giveaway-- the word of the night is 'Doty', D-O-T-Y. They've already established it. Next episode. Back here in a few minutes, and we'll pick up where we left off. See you guys shortly. Welcome back. So, first, before it begins, our winner of the chatroom who's going to win the awesome dice box from Wyrmwood is Thaign, T-H-A-I-G-N. So congratulations, we'll get your information and get that sent to you, well done. All right, so, as you guys have just taken in as much of the scenery as you can here within someplace in an alley in the center of the City of Dis. Where no matter where you look, the creepy distant tower of iron seems to follow-- -- your vision no matter where on the horizon you glance. Ever watching, ever present. What do you want to do? That's a different tower. Make a perception check. Okay. As you come up to the edge and lean against the wall, looking over the side. First, a moment passes, and as your shoulder hits the wall, you smell something burning as you glance back. Suddenly your shoulder, you can see the heat of the actual wall with just a brief contact to your body has begun to burn-- -- and singe the outside of your cloak. From just leaning and touching the wall. You immediately notice that the bottom elements of your shoes are melting a little bit on the bottom with your steps. The city itself is just this emanating source of perpetual heat. You're already sweating in the presence here, and as you glance around the corner and look at these buildings that rise up, you can see the architecture is hooked to the corner as the monolithic deep reds and blacks and grays that everything's built from, nothing belies an exterior that would seem to be welcoming to a traveling pack of people, at least not from your current standpoint. No. It's not super dark either. Imagine a very very very very cloudy day around sunset. (laughs) Are you trying to be stealthy? Make a stealth check. Okay. As you glance out to the side, you watch as two, what look to be humanoid, normal-sized humans, but deep red skin, black hair, horns curled at the front of the forehead and folded leathery wings at their sides, begin stepping off from one of the nearby roads that seems to go further into the city, and they walk past and one of them glances over and sees you. And they both just keep walking, seemingly not affected or alerted by your presence. Looking about each side of the road as you go, there is a lot of movement through these streets, there are a lot of creatures, all sorts of weird shapes, you see a lot of that weird fleshy mass that you saw stepping forward, there's clusters of them all over. Many of them seem to be herded or pushed, some seem to be almost chained together in places and being dragged around. Oh, right, right! No, imagine a very, very rotund person that is perpetually melting out of clay, and-- let me just show you a picture, actually. There's a single face. Kind of. That right there. It's just these, like a liquified person that is just a somewhat-shifting, burbling forth fleshy sack that occasionally-- you can see like the mouth and what looks almost like a face that is ever-screaming and writhing in pain. I can bring it back up again, it's all right. Oh, yeah! Well, you've already seen the other creatures before. But that's your fun one there. But they're being herded around. You see smaller creatures, you see imps, which you've encountered before tiny winged leathery humanoid creatures that flutter around and seem to be more keeping a peripheral view, an overhead view of the goings-on of each one of these clusters of entities being pulled through the city. You see a handful attending each of these that move along, these humanoid devils that have long polearms, and from their dark, almost like bluish-purple skin, what looks to be almost like a series of jagged pointed tendrils that jut from the bottom of their chin and almost like writhe and curl as they push forward, occasionally shoving their weapon into the side of these things and just getting them back on track as they wander off. At the very-- at this moment, no. And you get the sense that, at least, they're not super common. (laughs) Almost everyone that is currently walking through the street in this particular intersection seems to be of some sort of devilish heritage. Which actually, you do immediately take four points of fire damage as you do so. So, are you changing your appearance? Yes, I'm working on that. Yeah, people who can actually cast the spell, they can cast on other people, but you as a druid ability, you can only do it right on yourself. Okay, and as you do that, Taryon immediately goes, "Oh, great idea!" and he turns himself into-- he pulls out a small object and clicks it for a second, as it does, his form shifts into an almost identical-looking-- (laughs) No, a male tiefling. And then goes, "Who else, who else? Who else would like my blessing?" "I knew you would!" And he comes forward and pulls another one out and as he breaks this small capsule in your direction, this burst of arcane energy hits you and all of a sudden, your form shifts into an almost identical-looking tiefling; same colors-- "I wh-- okay! Ah!" and he tries to finagle with it for the last second as the spell just about takes hold of your shape goes slightly more, and he goes, "Uh, blue?" and you're a little more blue. It's the tail-end, like the "Eh?" "Two more!" He goes ahead and takes one-- I'm looking it up, hold on. Correct, concentration though, right? Yeah, and so-- "Well, by all means!" and he hands you the small capsule-- It's almost like he enchants the coins, you're actually casting the spells on yourself, so you are concentrating on the spell. "Yeah, by all means." You become an albino-- -- tiefling of your own intrinsic design. You have encountered an albino tiefling before. Why, whatever do you mean? As you guys step out into the main road, you can see the cracked stones that make up the walkway here. Even just walking through here, though you feel confident in your placement, the presence here you're still getting used to, and it's something about the air, or you feel just a little dizzy as you're still adjusting to the heat, to the placement, to the strange ever-so-faintly non-Euclidian structure to the landscape around you. It's forcing you to consciously right your posture and pay more attention to your surroundings than you normally would. There's just something about the presence here that's unwelcoming. You can see there are a number of other streets that head in any direction. It's hard to tell which way is further into the city and which is further out, it's so vast. Even the City of Brass or Ank'harel in their size, none of them seem to really scrape the surface of the sheer immensity of the City of Dis by comparison. From what you read, it was mostly about the structure of the society, there was no well-written cartographer's experience-- Make a nature check. Sure. This would be more perception, actually because you're trying to pick up details in the scenery. Nature to understand if you knew what they were. 14? You do, occasionally, catch what looks to be some element of small, flying, buzzing pests, but they're different than what you're used to. The brief glances you get of one that comes nearby, it seems to have eight sets of wings and some horrid-looking pincers on the front and looks like a nasty denizen of the scenery. And immediately, you're like, "Ugh!" Okay! While heading towards the tower? They are varying, but there's nothing here that looks like a welcoming shopfront. The structures are varied, but any of the signs or any of the scrollings that you see chiseled into the stonework and metal is not a language-- Loosely, yeah. It looks like Detroit on Halloween. Yeah, man. Devil's Night, it's great. So, you follow. As Doty's (stomping) behind Tary, staying as close to the middle of all of you guys and shielding himself between your various bodies. You continue to follow Percival as you step through, paying attention. Go ahead and make an investigation check. You are-- You are a problem. It's okay. One of these days, your contract will come to me. Or the maze. You walk for the next ten or so minutes. Two things you notice, looking for patterns and elements of the city around. There does seem to be a general direction of, not individuals as such, but a lot of these fleshy masses, which you've read about in the book, they're referred to as lemures. They are fallen damned souls that have been tortured into this specific form that are the lowest base level of devil that exists here. But a lot of them seem to be going in this certain direction. It's difficult to maintain focus on the direction of the tower if you have to avert your eyes. However, if you're looking in a particular direction, it doesn't follow your vision when you move, it's whenever you have to look away and change your perspective on the horizon, that's when it appears elsewhere. So, you assert yourself in a direction and maintain that way. After about ten, 15 minutes, there's no discernable gaining of distance on the tower. Okay. As you're walking, you see there are three of them currently that are chained together with two of these weird black, jagged spiked collar and midsection bands that are jammed into their sides and they're all joined and the hooks and the chains are screwed into the side of this building. They do not appear to be currently attended at the moment. And, as you approach one is there like (gurgling). (pained gurgling) (pained gurgling) There is no language. It looks like it can't really communicate. It's about a three-story tall, long tower. It's long on one side and then half the size on the other, and it juts up like a monolith that comes from these two hooks at the top. There's no signs or particular language on its exterior, but there does appear to be a doorway, a big, black metal iron doorway that is closed maybe a foot to the left of them. You're-- If you wait a moment, you can find out. (crashing noise) At this point, the door shifts open with a slam, there's a burst of phosphorous-type clouded fume that drifts out from the interior as, curling down, looming from the inside, another one of those large, lanky, skeletal-looking devils with the giant scorpion tail lurches out, and sees all of you clustered over, and begins to rush up quickly and grabs the side of where the hook is jammed into the wall and just breaks it out with its bare strength, and yanks the lemures closer. (speaks Infernal) You see its jaw almost seems to disconnect and unhinge for a moment as it gets impossibly long and its tongue (slurping noise) and begins to just walk away from you guys down the road, dragging these lemures behind it from the chains. Perception check. 25? You get a very brief glance on the inside. Very dark, red light seems to slightly light the interior. It looks almost like a shelf of some kind. That's as much of a view as you got. It was just some sort of a shelf, bit of furniture in the side there. No, the door slammed open and as it walked towards you guys, slammed it shut behind it. Loosely the same direction as where you were walking for the tower. LAURA and Are you following this group? Is that what's going on? Talking to you guys. You were clustered around, apparently, his charge or-- No, this was a bone devil. I can show you what that looks like. Technically, yeah. "Oh, hello." As you tail this from a distance, go ahead and make a stealth check, Percival. Okay. As you guys are following Percival's lead along the roads here, the heat is starting to really crawl under your armor-- those of you who are wearing it, you're fine, Grog. You watch as the lemures are dragged off into an alley to the right. You make a large arc around and glance over. You can see them being pulled down the alleyway, and then to the left around the corner. Not yet, no. Okay. Perception check. Okay. You do hear the occasional screech in the air, as you see these winged entities in the distance just (screeching). As they just dive through and around the top of the city. No, there's a humanoid aspect to their bodies but they're just beyond the general red glow of the city to make out their details. Okay. Some of them look to be imps. Armored imps. These tiny little things that dive through. Some appear to be larger. Some have long tails that draw behind them, their giant leathery wings, and they just glide through. You get a glance at one that seems to have a human torso and legs that are hanging at its sides as it swoops through, like a sentinel just watching over the city. A lot seem to be doing arcs to and from the tower as you watch these patterns-- Ten minutes' travel, Percival, by the way? Still not anywhere near closer to the tower. Do you just think about it? Okay, so you walk towards the tower, but thinking about being there. So you guys keep walking for a bit. You get about two blocks before you see the next major road turns to the right, and there you can see, this road you've been on, which seemed sparse as far as the denizens of the City of Dis-- As soon as this big roadway opens to the right of you, the buildings seem to grow larger and taller, and they seem to almost twist and collide the higher they get. They're all constructed from metal and iron, but there's almost an organic, natural curvature at times that seems warped, causing a few to almost seem to collide and jut into each other at their peak. Many of them have these big, black metal chains that dangle from the outside, and giant, evil-looking hooks mounted onto the front of the buildings, some of which currently hold lemures that sit there and writhe on it, like a punishment for something they did. In the roads themselves, a lot of them have pikes jutting up, and it looks like sections of the road cracked open, and there are natural rock spikes and formations that have protruded out from the ancient construct of the city. But people just walk around them as they go. And you do see more people down this way. You see more of those devil-like creatures, you see a few tieflings in the distance. You see a few humans. You see a few fair-skinned folk wandering through. You see that same bone devil that earlier you saw emerge from the side alleyway about two blocks up, still clutching those three other lemures behind it by chain. It walks up to another bone devil that seems to be sitting off to the side, and is in the process of scratching the side of its horrible, bony chin and jaw. It comes up to it, and they both speak and snarl. You cannot read their lips, because they don't really have lips, and you don't know Infernal. But they both almost become a unit, and walking side-by-side head further down that path, with the three chained lemures behind them. Glancing over, you do see, as you've been focusing on the ground and around you, look up, and the tower has shifted position down to the end of that roadway. You thinking of it-- No. It's still the same distance it ever has been. In the process of losing its sight from your peripheral, due to other buildings closing off your vision-- As soon as you lose sight of it entirely and reassess where your vision is on the horizon, there the tower is once more. It changes. As soon as you become aware of the horizon, it becomes oriented wherever that awareness is. They're quite a ways away from you. You're not able to make out any detail. No birds, no bats, no beasts. There isn't a whole lot of indigenous wildlife within the Hells, it seems. Or at least nothing that would be considered a beast. Even the insect you saw earlier, or the insect-like creature, it had twisted, fiendish qualities to it on a very micro scale. You're moving closer to get a view of lip-reading. What's everyone else doing? It is. Even as you're walking, you've grown somewhat accustomed to the uncomfortable heat that your boots are currently mustering. Thankfully, you guys are wearing footwear designed to endure environmental hazards, or magical footwear, for some of you. But you imagine if you were to stand still for too long in one place, it would probably end up damaging any sort of regular footwear worn. The two that you see ahead of you, a man and a woman, the man has stark white hair that is almost wet, and brushed very tight to the back of the skull, with a series of black and red markings or tattoos, or some sort of scar, that goes across one side of his face. A very, very thick nose piercing that connects to a chain that links to the back of his ear and is wearing layered, black leather armor. The woman, who is currently conversing with him on the other side, has long black hair with a shock of white that curls to the front. Her skin is a deep reddish brown, tan color, and her armor is a dull gray, like a cloth-patterned armor? But she seems to have at her side a very wicked-looking scimitar that is hanging at her belt, and she rests her arm on it, casually. You look just past them, and you can see they have two sacks resting on the ground as they're having this conversation, and a cage. The cage is not empty, there is something inside, but you're not quite close enough to make out any details. You can just see there is a cage and some shape inside. You make a perception check. I will say make a stealth check as well. This is to both get close enough to witness their conversation but not be noticed as overtly trying to-- Okay. You saddle up and instinctually go to lean on the wall. And go (winces). This is not conducive to your usual casual tactics. But you pay attention and you catch bits and pieces of their conversation. They're arguing about price. They are both talking about how much it's worth. Is it even worth bringing it here? We've come this far. We already have the offer. Might as well go through with it. One of them talks about how they hate the Fetters. The Fetters. Then one of them goes, let's get going, this place makes me feel uncomfortable. You can glance just barely past and you can see what looks to be some sort of a humanoid. Naked. You can't make out much more detail. You can't tell if it's male or female. It appears to be medium- to light-skinned. You can't get much detail beyond that from this distance, unfortunately. It's maybe four foot by three foot. A little smaller, actually. It would be more like three foot by two foot, because it looks pretty cramped. As they both start turning to walk, one of them-- You can see there is a couple of chains fixed to the front of this cage and there is a handle of some kind that the guy lifts. There are small wheels you can now see that are fixed onto the cage that you can now see as it rolls-- The woman immediately turns and sees you, and her hand moves from resting on the pommel of the blade to grasping the handle. Make a subtle deception check. They are intensely paranoid, it seems. She stands there, and keeps watching you. The guy who was pulling the cage stops, turns around and looks. You can see the chain swing and dangle for a second before coming to a stop as he glances back, his eyes iris-less. Just dark pupils with white around them. And he just-- not a snarl, but a very intense stare, he doesn't seem to be put at ease, but he's definitely paying attention. (cell phone rings) As he silences his cell phone. "I'm sorry, what?" "You, unless I'm mistaken, approached our space." She turns around, and gives him the expression of, fucking shove off, and he takes the chain, and begins to tug it and they both walk away. You just let them walk away? Glancing inside, you're not sure how old or how young, but there is a definitely beaten, wounded young man. Between the streaks of blood and visible gashes and lash marks, the skin seems pretty vibrant and clean. This is a creature that was taken here. This person was taken here against their interest and is being dragged in a direction. They turn back and look at you. "Yeah." "We don't share our clients." And they both just keep walking back in the direction they were going. He's about 20 feet from you. He's not even turning around. They are just walking away. And it does. It's like (psh). (laughs) You can keep walking and looking for some sort of a tavern. Sure, I mean, there are people, those are the only two humans that you had seen in the vicinity. Again, you saw-- -- you saw a handful of tieflings a little even further down the road and you see a few humanoid-like devils that are just covered in barbs and spines that seem to walk in spurts, like they'll step, step, and then dash a few steps and then stop and then glance around nervously and then continue forward. Roughly human-sized, maybe a little smaller. Are you guys following them or are you staying back with your party? You guys have caught up to them now and Percival is apparently walking forward so-- Yeah. As you are following from a distance these two humans, the two tieflings that were conversing split off. One walks across the way and vanishes into an alley. The other one joins, not the humans, but seems to be walking in the same direction if maybe about 20 or so feet ahead of them. The flames that you create from your hand are magically produced and insulated from your body because you are the source of their magic by the blessing of the emberstone that you struck. It does not unfortunately protect you from the searing heat from the building as you reach out. (sizzle) You immediately take four points of fire damage. You do ignore extreme heat from a general air, like being on a desert. It doesn't prevent you from touching a fire and burning your hands. Some of the rolling clouds, you hear a distant clap of thunder roll through the vicinity as the occasional flashes of bluish-white and green ash clouds on top of you. No, they're still in sight, you guys are slowly following from a distance. The humans kept going. The tieflings that he was following, there were two of them that were loosely stepping in, they split off. One vanished into an alley, the other began walking in the same direction. You watch as three different flying imp-like creatures suddenly dart off the nearby buildings and dart past you, and you watch as the two humans stop and drag themselves off to the side. The tiefling that was walking not far ahead of them takes a few steps back and waits patiently. As you watch, stepping through one of the adjacent roadways, about three or four small devils that have these barbed spines that stick out of their body in all directions come walking through, carrying these little spears. As a procession behind them you see a familiar creature. You see a massive, rippling red-muscled pit fiend come stepping through. And the creature is familiar. You're not-- But you see it begins lurching through the street, strolling like it's walking with purpose to whatever business destination it has. But it has an entourage around it of lesser demons that are all clearing the street as it walks. You see the respect that a creature of this strength has even within the center of this sphere of hell. Behind it, you see a very large orb, about ten feet in diameter. It's a glistening, golden glass and on the inside, it seems to have what look to be almost a hundred different screaming faces pressed against it from the inside that are merging and swirling. As it's being pulled by these lesser demons behind it, the pit fiend's just walking like it's the middle of its work day. As it crosses the path, the demons and the cart continue past out of view, and eventually the various entities walking the street before pick up their pace and continue on like nothing happened. It's very similar in size and shape, design, musculature as the one you battled in the City of Brass. There are a couple of pretty quick-to-pick-out marks and changes in the bony crest and horns on its head, and the coloration on its wings go to a dark, deep purple as opposed to the bright, vibrant red of the last one. So, it is a different entity than the one you battled. You continue walking and you're starting to notice, as you follow these people forward, that the further you walk in this path, and already the sides of the alleys and street corners and such were pretty littered with broken refuse pushed into the corners, but the further you step into this, the more and more destitute and filthy the city seems to become. You begin to see more and more lesser demons just sitting off to the side, just lazily looking around for some sort of impulse to kick in, and grab something that's dangling from the bottom of whatever food chain exists here. You see more lemures that are in the process of being grabbed and fought over, that have just dwindled over time, like their fleshy, tortured soul mass has been abused and slowly disintegrated and has been left to be fought over by whatever exists in this area. The buildings themselves begin becoming less these large monolithic towers of black iron and more resembling sagging, stone-like swamp structures that have a blackish-purple moss that seems to seep from the side; the air almost becomes more humid with the heat as you pass through. The streets are becoming far more dense. You are seeing more humanoids of different races, you're seeing more of the lesser devils coalescing in these center spaces, and you do see what appears to be some semblance of what you would call a devilish tavern. There is no music, there is no lively chatter, but you do see what looks to be chairs, you look to see what seems to be a common area where some entities are sitting and partaking in food of some kind. Okay. Make a perception check Okay. As you're keeping an eye out, the gleaming bright albino tiefling does seem to, at least, have caught the eye of a handful of humanoid-- it looks like humans, you see they're trailing behind you by a good hundred or so feet-- -- but they appear to be following you. One appears to be a-- it looks dwarvish in how stout it is, but it's hard to tell at this distance, and the humanoid creature to the right of it is human-sized, but it is wrapped in a wreath of dark chains that seem to cover most features, the face and the torso. You can see bits of skin and muscle peeking through, but it's just an entire robe of very tightly-wound chains, just massed around its torso and legs and arms. They're staying in step with each other, but you-- But they're both very directly fixed and have been for a little while, on the white tiefling that has just walked by. When you notice it at this point, as you're walking actually forward, it's about 30 feet off. Okay. Okay, as you guys, and Taryon follows suit. "Ah, Doty, do whatever he does." He points to Grog. Doty steps next to you. As you guys enter, the low-burning, orangish-red glow of the interior shows you a slab slate floor. Across you see tables that are carved from similar deep obsidian bedrock-type material. The edges of them almost hook upward, and within the inside, you can see a handful of these similar spined devils, that you've seen as part of that procession earlier with the pit fiend, are sitting and ravenously feasting on some nondescript purplish-red meat. You can see the tables, actually, are almost like troughs, and the center of it seems to be almost a funnel, where all the blood and gore that is-- -- sent out from the viscera that slurps past their toothy maw, is gathered and then siphoned down below. I can show pictures of all these creatures, it's great! There is the ones that are currently feasting at the one table there. You glance-- that's one table there; there's another table where you can see what looks to be a deep-red-skinned, very handsome-looking man who has black hair that fades to a very faint grey at the tips; it's long and goes past the shoulders. He has horns that protrude up the front, he's-- the rest of his body is swathed in dark black and grey cloak, and you can see wings folded against his back, and he just sits there, clutching a goblet at the table, usually staring into it as he occasionally sips, lost in his own thought. Beyond that, in the corner, you do see sitting-- A rather rotund-- He's a greasy, obese-looking fella who's been-- he has a big and matted brown beard. His hair has this curl and he has a whole series of scratch marks across his face that just-- long, deep-set scars that leave this very marred visage, and he grins this toothy grin as you enter. You can see he's just-- his chest hair that's exposed under his white tunic, and his leather apron that he has over the front of that. It's just a very, very disturbing grin when he smiles at you as you enter, and he sits up from his stool and walks over and puts his hands down, and as it puts its hands down, you can see them begin to burn his skin but you can now see these calloused fingers-- you can see he's been here for quite some time and has had his own way of adjusting to the atmosphere, and just leans in, (speaks Infernal). "Kuthok." "Ah, you aren't from around here. (laughs)" As you say that, the devilish entity that was sitting at the table slowly turns its head over towards her-- (laughter) -- sipping his wine. He gives a nod. Well, he just has a goblet, but you don't know what's in it. "We can provide space, yes." He leans in and goes, "I can provide that, don't worry. How're you paying?" "I suppose." "One room," and he puts up a thick, meaty finger that you can see has-- it's been broken in two places and not healed right. "Three rooms, and a special meal for the lot. 250 gold." He gives you all a really dark look. "We'll say for the stay. A few days, you said, right?" You can see he's looking at you as you're saying this, and he's contemplating. You can see there's that urge to jack it up. But he keeps glancing past you occasionally and just nods and accepts it. Okay. You take five points of fire damage. You glance, watching his eyeline and you can see that same dark red-skinned devilish-looking man who was paying attention to you all is currently meeting his gaze directly and gives him a nod. Sure, go for it. 17? I mean, he's hard to read, but he seems to be a pretty fucking creepy guy who's giving you rooms to stay in, and seems to be making eye contact and his reactions based on some sort of unspoken conversation with this other entity in the room with you. But he reaches down without breaking eye contact with the rest of you as well and puts a set of three keys onto the table. They're all these ragged-looking black iron constructs that are identical in some ways but their handcrafted visual style shows that they have different slight changes to their designs. Kind of shoves them forward towards you. "Premium." And he reaches down. You hear the clanking of some sort of glass-like instruments and he pulls up these small, almost dull gray-looking sponge-like stones that are about that large. Kind of puts one out in front of each of you. Takes the coins. (sighs) Goes and walks back-- "Oh, I don't own it. I just work here." "Why you asking so many questions, girl?" Make a persuasion check. "That's on a need-to-know basis, sweetheart. Enjoy your meal." He goes and like sweatily waddles over to his chair in the corner and sits down. As you lift it and bring it towards you, it seems to have this very, very faint energy around it. Keyleth, as you tap it and bring it towards your mouth, you guys watch as it glows with a faint pale yellow-green color and, Keyleth, you hear this faint soft, wailing sound as this slight drift of soul energy drifts off of the stone and is inhaled by Keyleth. Keyleth, you feel a sudden rush-- An unexpected rush of energy. Your vision clarifies-- A sudden rush of energy-- You feel very awake. Your senses clarify and like a boundless surge of energy in your body, like you could do anything. Tary, by the way, goes-- Like sucking hard on the stone. And you watch as the hairs on the back of his neck stand and he goes, "Good sir. How much are each of these?" The guy sits forward and goes, "For you? 30 gold apiece." Tary goes, "I'll take 20." So Sam, mark 600 gold and wherever you are, Sam, mark down 20 soul stone slivers. Yes. All right. You guys make your way up to the chambers, and to your surprise, the interior of these rooms are fairly well furnished. While the entrance chamber seemed to be pretty brutal, the chambers that you were given-- they aren't next to each other. They're a little scattered as far as the rooms. Only maybe ten or so rooms in the whole establishment. But each room has a very well-crafted bed. There appear to be some well-made chairs of a similar stone material of the downstairs setup there, all having this weird, jagged stylings to their construct. The chamber's still hot as fuck, and it is an uncomfortable interior, but the bed itself does not appear to be bursting into flames. The material here is seemingly resistant to the heat in which it's in the proximity of. Make an investigation check. Cool. So as you guys take a good ten minutes or so. As you're looking over the room, everyone's Alter Selves except for Keyleth's fade. You guys were very close. But you glance around the room and it seems safe. You don't see any sort of signs of any spying. "Oh, I'm about to feel a lot more like myself here in a second." And he starts going through the-- "Oh, right!" Tary goes like-- leans into you and goes like, "Is she hitting on me?" "Right, right." It'd be a Sunrod. That is actually true. (laughs) (falling and slamming noise) Percy just knocks you onto your ass. By the way, the buzz, if you will, the rush slowly begins to fade over the next minute or so. Taryon finishes his Identification and goes, "Huh. Apparently these are receptacles to contain a "fragment of refined soul." "Yeah, these were once living people. I'm going to be sick." "I know. I kn-- (nervous noises)" "Nope! And I'm glad! I don't want to-- I didn't-- I don't-- I'm sure they were a terrible "person. If they're here they're probably a terrible person. They're probably "terrible people, right?!" "I don't know!" "Maybe? I don't know the logistics." Sustained. I mean, as far you understand, and from what you experienced there, any sort of hunger pains that would have existed there seem to have been staved off, and there is a-- Nope. Yes, you do. It is. Which, by the way, as Grog does that, Doty goes-- into the door, and Taryon's like, "Oh, "Doty, you can stop doing that, but do lean against the door." Doesn't appear to be affecting him. Though, over the next minute or so, you see parts of the back of his armor begin to glow a dull red to match the coloration of the edges of the buildings. It's my favourite board game. Waiting for it. All right, so, what are you doing? Okay, hold on just a second. What level spell is the scry? Fifth? As soon as you cast the spell and center your vision on the idea of Hotis, the spell immediately fizzles and dissipates. And you begin to remember, through your research of the rakshasa, up to a certain level of spells, 6th-level spells, they're immune to it. And, just like that-- Yeah, a little bit. An 8th-level Scrying? Okay! This time, you grit your teeth. The space is already prepared for the first ritual you did. Okay! You close your eyes, and this time, remembering both the original conflicts with him in the Quad Roads, the battle, which you recall was at the base of a statue of Dispater, the archdevil of this sphere of Hell. Way back when. You remember him falling off the top of the balcony with Vax-- -- and using these memories, you focus on the essence of Hotis. Your vision suddenly pulls out of the top of this chamber that you're in, to a brief glance, just a flash over the horizon of the city, and there you see the ominous dark tower, for but a moment. Then there's a flash as your vision is pulled further into this cityscape of darkened, withering alleys, and the whole atmosphere as the core of this space that you guys are heading towards seems to be disheveled, ruined, destitute, and filthy. Your vision is dragged in that direction, to ground level, then below, and is brought, suddenly thrust into chambers, dark, bars, iron doors, a prison. A prison beneath the streets of the city. There's another flash. You see devils, dozens of them, walking guards, some larger than others. You see a flash of large, red leathery wings. You see something horned and dark, grinning beyond a metal door, and then beyond that door, there's another flash, and on the inside, you see tendrils of red flesh extending from the ceilings and the walls, all merging to a center small core. There you see this fleshy egg-like structure, about this large, that is suspended by these strands of muscle-y sinew, and there you see writhing and twisting within the membrane of this, a small, misshapen humanoid cat-like creature that is currently writhing on the inside. You can hear the faint squealing and screaming-- -- in pain as Hotis, not yet fully formed, slowly torturing its way back to its full physical form, is just screaming with hatred, awaiting the moments of vengeance once the torturous pain that currently consumes its existence fades and it can once more plot its return to the Prime Material Plane. Underneath this portion of the city, or a little ways ahead. That's all you see. You just saw flashes just leading into this. You have no idea exactly where it is. All you saw were flashes of a prison under the city, and Hotis still incubating in this chamber. All righty. You guys go ahead and muster the Heroes' Feast. Well, if you guys take a full rest, you will. You don't know that. Make an intelligence check, actually. You really have no idea. I mean, there are beds, there are places to stay, and from what you can tell, there are-- there is traffic from creatures that travel from different planes, probably require sleep. So, whether or not there is a day-night cycle based on any sort of improbable sun, there probably are expected day-sleep cycles for creatures that need to sleep. Yeah, it's fine. So Keyleth, roll 2d10. Okay, so everyone gets a bonus of ten-- that's an average, I guess. Close to average. So, ten maximum hit point increase to everybody for the next 24 hours. "Thanks to the wonderful guidance of the Voice of the Tempest!" "Keyleth of the Air Ashari and-- keep writing this down-- and to the majesty and the heroic and adventurous drive--" "Of Taryon Darrington!" "To me!" So you cheer and talk for about ten minutes. And the whole time Doty's-- That's temporary, though. We'll say for the purposes of this, Taryon got 17 temporary hit points. (laughter) While Taryon notices you staring intently and she's giving this inspiring speech about how amazing he is-- Taryon looks over at you and goes, "She's hitting on me." (laughter) What are you guys doing? Are you resting? You don't. Yeah. But it's more about your internal clock, whatever you want to do. It took an hour, a little over an hour since your arrival. Since you guys did your transformations. Yeah. You've had maybe three hours, four hours since waking up in the morning. At which, as Tary goes, "All right, Doty. Let him through," as you leave, Doty kind of moves away from the door and lets you by. As he bends forward with kind of the taut gesture of bowing as you pass by, you see his entire back is glowing bright red. (laughter) "I hope not. Probably not. I'm going to say not." "Right. It's fine." He looks over to Percival. "Right? He's going to be fine?" "Right! All right, Doty chest against the wall." And Doty just kind of pancakes against the door a second time. "Mm-hm?" Let's see, I'm going to check the character sheet that I got sent. Well, he can cast Alter Self, he goes, "I can technically do it one more time." "I will be out of all my things. Of the big things. I mean, I still can--" He kind of jostles a satchel he has on the side, you hear a bunch of glass and things clinking. He says, "I still have "my accoutrements. But as far my devices to help you guys out, I'm kind of spent at that point. But--" "Why don't we let the two of them go?" "I have one capsule." "I can do it to one person" "Be my guest." All right, so as you take the coin and you kind of focus on it (fwoosh) and your form shifts back into the previous tiefling appearance. And as the rush hits you, you take a step and pause for a moment, because the rush is strong and familiar. It's similar to the sensation and the rush you had when you took a life with the Pepperbox when Orthax was still holding sway. That same passage of some sort of a soul energy, and as the rush hits, that familiarity itches you on the inside, and you're a little caught off-guard and made uncomfortable by it. Okay. You guys head out, into the hallway. (smack noise) (laughs) And Taryon goes, (inhales deeply). (laughs) He gets weirdly uncomfortable. All right, so, you guys head back downstairs. The two devils that were there feasting earlier appear to have left, and the room is mostly quiet and empty now, except for the same rough-looking bartender in the corner and there, at the same table, is the red-skinned, devilish, handsome gentleman. As you walk down, you see what appears to be a small impish creature that's on his shoulder, and he's currently conversing with it quietly, and then as you guys step down, he (waving noise) to it, and it flies up, and skitters off into the distance outside of the door. Turns to you, reaches over and takes a bottle off the table and fills the goblet. It appears to be some deep red liquid. He's watching you, but he's not expecting any interface. "It would-- it would be a change of pace that is quite welcome. Take a seat, both of you." The seats, as they-- they're heavy and they're not quite as-- they're heated at the base, they're warm to the touch, but they're not burning you. You both pull them up and they grind against the slate stone floor of the interior as you plop down and sit. "Shall I also fetch you a drink?" "Available at the establishment, not this kind of drink. My personal reserve, "that I can offer." "I would prefer you indebted to me." And he lifts a finger and the gentleman at the far edge of the bar stirs, "(grunts) Oh, right." and Chris Farleys his pants a bit. (laughter) "You may call me Ipkesh. What may I call you?" "Freddie?" "Freddie and Greg?" (laughs) God damn it! "So what brings you to my fine establishment?" Smells like a strong, alcoholic wine of some kind. It's good. It's very good. You're not a big fan of wine, generally, because you're more of a liquor and ale person, but as far as the wines you've had, it's pretty good. "It better be. So, what is your business?" "(chuckles) This is not an unfamiliar tale." "I run it at the-- how do I say? A partnership with my betters." "I have not met them, but stories do swirl, and find my ears. It does all of us well here to "know what's going on." "Well, perhaps I have some answers." "There is a prison here, yes. I know it well." "Oh, no, no. It imprisons many things, but-- I would be blunt with you as well. We live here "under the interest of business, yes?" "Information is a resource." "What do you have to offer for my information?" "I prefer not to dole out small tidbits. I prefer to bundle in larger packages." "I can--" "Hm, tempt me." Brings up a hand and snaps his finger. As it does, the entire room around both of you goes dark. Jet black. You still see the table before you, the drinks in your hand, the gentleman across the way, but everything else around you just goes complete, lightless, umbra expanse. "If we're to speak freely, it's best that we speak in a place that is safe to speak." "My cost for my information is high, but I can both give you what you seek and the means of "achieving what you want, but I want a favor in trade." "I will take no offense, but those that listen might." "What I'm trying to say is, it behooves you to make this contract. So. What you seek is the "Mentiri. The Mentiri is the prison beneath the city. I can tell you more, I can get you there. I "can probably even find out who there knows of or is involved with this rakshasa. And this favor I "ask will lead you to this path." He leans forward after taking a big sip of his wine, finishing the last of it, setting it aside with a heavy (poof) on the table. "I work for Utugash, one of the "prominent owners and taskmasters involved in moving souls and soul goods throughout this area "of Dis. He is slovenly, he is lazy, he is powerful, and he needs to fall." "At one time, maybe. At this time, his laziness has left him a useless sack of demon "shit, and I have bent under his fist and brow for far too long. I have friends now in other places, "and if his business were to crumble, that void left behind could elevate me and my compatriots." "Now, I have friends in this prison, and the offense of travelers tearing down someone of "prominence, and yourselves being still within your very mortal coils, why that's what this prison is "designed for; for those that break the laws of the land but haven't yet passed. To be ripened. To be "kept, until they do, once the corruption has set them for the rest of our factory. So, you slay "this creature, I can see that you are safely arrested and placed with allies on the inside that "could move you around and bring you fairly close to this rakshasa you seek. That is my offer." "Very well." He gives you a strong look. At which point, you see his expression change, and he rears back and goes, "It doesn't "show, but the blood ward leaves its scar on many who exist here. Your essence is not of the Abyss, "I would not worry. But do be careful in flashing such power." "No. True names, now that is an expensive trade." "And mine long ago." "I will say beware the Whisperers, the golden-armored fliers, the watchers of the "archdevil himself. His paranoia seeks to know everything that goes on, and should such treachery "that we talk of be revealed, well, that would a very unfitting end to me, my compatriots, and "every one of your friends." "Avoid the Whisperers." He snaps again and the sphere of darkness fades, and you're back in the tavern, unmoved. No. The one person in the room there, the rather bulky fellow in the corner seems to be half-asleep, almost like (sleepy lip smacking). You finish your drinks over the next couple of minutes or so-- it wasn't a heavy pour. Ipkesh just intensely, with a slight smile, looks you both over as you all quietly assess your positions in the discussion. No sign of that individual you saw earlier. Doty is writing that. Tary goes, "Don't-- don't write that down." "That's true! You told me that." "I don't like this at all." "Don't write that either!" How does it say it on the item? Oh right and so, for that-- the specifics on that. Let's see here, 4th-- 8th-level. Kind of. It says You remain in the Border Ethereal for the duration, or until you use your action to dismiss the spell. During this time, you can move in any direction. You can see and hear the Plane you originated from, but everything there looks gray, so yeah, it's like The One Ring, but you can shift in any direction. You can only-- No, Transmutation. While on the Ethereal Plane, you can only affect and be affected by other creatures in that Plane. Creatures that aren't in the Ethereal Plane can't perceive you, can't interact with you, unless a special ability or magic has given them the ability to do so. You ignore all objects and effects that aren't on the Ethereal Plane, allowing you to move through objects you perceive on the Plane you originated from. Yes. Do keep in mind, when you Shapechange, you maintain the hit points of whatever-- Yes. So, if you turn into a dragon with 300 hit points, that's great. The next thing you turn into cannot have more than 300 hit points. If it gets damaged down to, say, ten hit points, and then you turn into a different kind of dragon, that dragon will still have ten hit points. Or if you turn into a fly that has one hit point max, and then back into a dragon, it'll be a dragon with-- MARISHA and You cannot regain hit points by changing forms with the spell. You can do it, but you'll-- whenever you squeeze through to the tiny hit points, those carry over into the big creature. Unless it's the last resort, or you have a way out, yeah. "Just-- well, no, we're going to do that, all of us, right?" "Really?" "Are you going to get me out of the prison?" "I think she might be right in this instance, but, if we're going together and you "guys stay around me. We're a team, right? That's what teams do, we do things as a team! Vox "Machina--" "Grox Dock-in-da-- Stop writing it down, Doty!" Not an archdevil. Killing a greater devil. There's a big difference. Didn't really see. Flashes of interior-- -- and like (bff) and then all of a sudden-- "That's much better!" "That's much better, I like that plan." "We've already gone to hell. Let's also go to prison!" Tary raises his hand slowly, "Doty, put your hand up." "I mean no offense, big guy, but--" "Nothing." "Nothing." "Su-- Nothing at all." "I know, they're beautiful. Did you make those?" "(squeaky voice) I get nervous." Okay. Yep. You cannot cast it at a higher level. Well, you can cast it at a higher level, but there's no effect. All right, so, you take a moment, you finish casting Locate Creature. You concentrate once again on Hotis, keeping a very clear image of what you saw in the Scry spell. As you complete the spell-- -- nothing. Well, the creature has to be within 1000 feet. It is. There are impish creatures with golden armor that you saw at a distance in the sky above. There were other creatures flying, but they were too far away to really make up any decent-- and some of them of them were just imps, just the tiny little devils that fly around, and there were some that seemed a little larger with humanoid bodies and giant, leathery wings that were just coasting through. Yeah. There are many things that fly. The first thing you saw when you looked up in the sky was at least a dozen or so winged creatures all up in the clouds. You're casting Shapechange, okay. All right, what are you turning into? They're fiends. Okay. So you have succubus. Okay. Okay, make a stealth check real fast. TRAVIS and Okay. As you exit the building and turn right and into the alleyway, being careful not to be seen in your tiefling form, begin to cast the spell as you see two shadows step into the entranceway of the alleyway. Okay. So you stop it? You just keep walking? Okay. You don't even look back, you just keep walking? Okay. Keep walking, and you hear footsteps behind you. Okay. As you go blocking around, the footsteps seem to be keeping pace with you. There's two sets of them. You see what appears to be a squat, kind of tan-skinned dwarf-like figure. The features, like you expect to see a dwarf, appears to be a female dwarf of some kind, but there's some sort of physical alteration's taken place. They look like they've been either very injured and healed wrong, or some sort of corruption has taken place. But it's walking forward with this hobbling gait, and to the left you see the other entity that is just wrapped in chains, and they're about 30 feet behind you. About 30 feet behind you, yeah. It's just you and the two of them right now. Just in this small alleyway off in the building that's immediately adjacent to the structure where you're staying. Yeah. Head's down. The footsteps slow when they get about 20 feet from you. And they stop. You keep your head down. The dwarf figure brings one weird, swollen, twisted arm in front of the other, crosses it. The chained figure, you hear all the jangling, shifting, and as you get a better glance over your shoulder towards it, you can see the chains that dangle don't just dangle, they're all kind of slowly shifting and spinning around, like hundreds of small snakes that are just readjusting and moving across the body. You can see its eyes, part of its nose through as the chains pull across and hide most of its features. The skin itself a deep, deep pinkish-red, like a normal body that's been constricted so much that all the blood has rushed to the surface. No. But there is a heavy breathing from the female dwarf figure that just-- they glance at each other. The chained one says, "You seem to walk with a white one." "I am asking." "Silence. You will bring us the white one, or you will be tribute yourself." There's no response. "The white one caught the attention of a creature that I wish to see pleased." "You have ownership of the white one?" Make a deception check. "Hm." You hear the chains intensify with the rattling and clanking. "Perhaps you should walk "with us." "To the one who wishes to now know of your ownership." "Then you will no longer be able to stop us." "You do not need our name." And that's where we're going to leave tonight's episode. (all groan) It's 11AM, or 11PM, and that's a fun place to pick up next week. Shapechange, how you force me into bringing even more minis to the game every week. (laughter) I'm doing that. I will say, just for the sake of this, for the sake of-- this roll will determine this. Roll-- what's your passive perception actually? Yes. 21? I'll say you cancelled it, you did manage to just catch their movement out of the corner of your eye, just as you entered the alleyway, and you-- just as you were about to begin the spell, they arrived. That's only because they didn't roll very high stealth themselves. Well, cool! Thank you guys so much. Literally. Fucking Hells. Plural, guys. This is fun. I love-- I love the City of Dis. You guys just scraped the surface. All right, so we'll be back here next week on Thursday. We'll also be-- some of us will be here on Tuesday, for Talks Machina at seven. We'll talk about this chaos. We'll be at Wondercon, April 1st, 2-3PM for our Critical Role panel, please come and see us. Thank you again for Puzzle Quest for being our awesome sponsor today. So check out Marvel Puzzle Quest, and until next week guys, is it Thursday yet? Good night.