Hello, everyone, and welcome to Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons! I got Liam back via Skype, somehow after many episodes of him fucking with me. I'm happy. Anyway! Welcome! Laura will be here shortly; she's in traffic coming from her session, so she'll be joining us as soon as she gets here. Probably next 30 minutes or so. In the meantime, let's go ahead and hop into our announcements for the evening. Returning tonight, we have our fantastic sponsor, Loot Crate! Loot Crate, thank you so much for being an awesome sponsor. We've got Loot Crates here. We're going to go ahead and do a quick unboxing and then, Sam, you can tell us a little bit about it. Sure! This is the-- It's pretty awesome little-- it's a heavy one! It looks like a die-cast, an actual metal, die-cast Wolverine. This is actually, for the size of Wolverine, this is actually weight-effective. It's accurate. Look at that! Crispin's been smeared all over Taliesin. That's pretty rad. Yeah! If you have a motorcycle, this should go on there so you can ride with raptors through the forest. That's the way to do it. The bottle opener's cool. Like all good boxes should. Is it scratch and sniff? It is definitely not. Oh, no. You just missed him! I am a little disappointed you decided to reveal your character for the next campaign so early. Thank you very much, Sam. And thank you, Loot Crate, for sponsoring this chaos. All right, let's get this going. We put up a survey starting this week to try and get a feel for the community at large of you guys. Get a feel for who's watching, where they're watching it from, what kind of future merch ideas you might want to see from the show. We want to get a scope of what the Critter base is, where it comes from, and how many of you are out there. So, if you get a chance, if you haven't yet, go to geekandsundry.com/crsurvey. We're running it until April 18th, so get on there and let us know about you! WonderCon is in two days, for us! It's this weekend in Anaheim; we're going to be there Saturday, at 2PM to 3PM at The Arena to do our Talks Machina live panel, with a bunch of us up there. With delivery coffee for Taliesin. Thank you, Eric. So if you're coming, go ahead and check it out. If you can't be there, that's okay, I think we're filming the panel, I think. Right, we look forward to seeing you guys there in a couple of days, so yay! Wednesday Club, Taliesin! Great. I also want to mention the show Round Table, it's up on Alpha if you want to check it out. Me, Eric, Matt Colville, Adam Koebel, Mark Hulmes, Satine Phoenix, TJ Storm, a bunch of really amazing, talented GMs from all different walks of life, all just talking about different themes about gaming, tabletop gaming, and what it means community, what it means philosophically, what experiences can, you know, be improved or lessened by it. It's a lot of great conversations. If you get a chance to check it out, I recommend it, I'm on a couple of them. Signal Boost has a ringtone if I recall, right? As well as--? The After Dark, yeah. We're still waiting for the WinAmp-- Working on that one. Awesome, thank you Marisha. Want to pass this along Will Friedle, our good friend here, who plays Kash, Kashaw, he's going to be at the Wales Comic Con in the UK, April 8th and 9th, so a bunch of UK Critters, if you want to go to Wales Comic Con and say hi to Kash, and tell him how much you like him and his body of work, as well as his awesome roleplaying on the show, go do it! Because he's awesome, and you should go do that. Me, Marisha and Taliesin actually were just announced for MomoCon this year, May 25th to the 28th, in Atlanta, Georgia. So, if you guys over in the Georgia area are willing to make the journey, we'll be there at MomoCon, doing panels and signings and all kinds of fun, general hangout stuff, so come see us there. And last but not least, reminder, Talks Machina is Tuesday nights at 7PM Pacific here, where our wonderful Brian Wayne Foster brings us in in chunks, with occasional members of the community to talk all things nerdy and Critical Role-related, so come check it out on Twitch, or Alpha. He brings us in chunks! I like to leave it vague, open to interpretation. It's what I'm here for, guys. And that, I believe, is the end of our announcements. Woo, okay. Shit, no! Liam! All right, what is it? Thank you, Liam. We've accomplished a lot tonight, I'm glad we could do this together. (laughs) All righty. So, without further ado, let's dive in to tonight's episode of Critical Role. [opening credits] Which involved both Taryon and Keyleth having their first taste of soul. And eventually Percival on the way out, too. You encountered the owner of the establishment a dark-haired, red-skinned, horned gentleman, wings folded against his back, who was eager to rent you a place to stay for the time being. And you guys decided to figure out what your plans were. At which point, Freddie and Greg-- Percival and Grog-- went downstairs to have a conversation with this entity, where he revealed himself to be named Ipkesh, and was interested in possibly working out sort of a criss-cross, quid pro quo-type negotiation with your team. After returning to discuss the possibilities of this up in your chambers, Keyleth made her way out to locate the possible location of Hotis as a workaround. As she exited the front exterior of the establishment and went into an alleyway to attempt to transform, she found herself followed by a chain devil and some sort of a somewhat scarred and mutated-looking dwarf. They confronted you and were asking about their interest in "the white one", seeming speaking about one of your companions, Vax, who had taken on the form of an albino tiefling when you entered the plane. We left off at a tense moment, and that's where we pick up this week. As you stand in the darkened, shadowed, uncomfortably hot air in the center of this alleyway behind these buildings, crushed in these very thin spaces with what looks to be a thinning exit behind you, and these two devilish entities--or devilish entity and some sort of a messed-up dwarf-- beginning to flank you with what looks to be grotesque murder or thrill of coming pain in their eyes and faces-- What do you want to do? (laughter) Via, what are-- what are you using? What are you using? Are you using Alter Self? So you're casting Shapechange? No, you cannot. But however, you did not quite cast Shapechange last time-- -- we had spoken. So you're doing it now. Okay. So. As they both begin to slowly flank from the sides of the alleyway, and you're holding your ground, insisting that this 'white one' they're asking about belongs to you, they didn't seem to buy your attempt at claiming territory, so you begin to mutter the incantation beneath your breath, your hands move, and you watch as you do so, the chains of the chain devil begin to-- continue to grind and shift around it, like a hundred serpents of grinding metal, and the dwarf figure, she begins sauntering up on the other side with this heavy limp, as you watch the flesh tearing with small tendrils revealing beneath, like a series of worms are almost emerging from various folds and gashes in the flesh of the arm. You complete your Shapechange spell as they're pulling in on you what do you turn into? Oh sh-- okay! Yeah, they have Challenge Level 12, so you can do that. Okay. So. Yeah, the one that the Pit Fiend summoned next to it. So you have actually encountered it. As you finish the incantation, your skin goes to a pale white, your eyes becoming dark, deep red with these little burning, golden coals for pupils. The rest of your skin grows fair but thick, with a very, very fine series of scales across it as these giant black, red wings emerge from your back and unfold. As they extend past you in both directions, enveloping both sides of this alleyway, both the chain devil and the dwarfish entity stop in their tracks and take a couple of steps back, looking at you intensely. Make an intimidation check. With advantage. Because you are, you look like a higher ranking devil. (laughs) 25. So, as you asked for their name, the chain devil-- the chains begin to slow and come to a halt, and what was originally curling upward in this aggressive stance begin to just fall limp to its sides, and just takes another step back. "No need to worry, we apologize for the intrusion." The chain devil bows its head and begins to step back, and you see it ushering its hand this way, towards the dwarf, the dwarf which is looking confused and begins to hobble backward. And they both just back out of the alleyway in a very submissive, apologetic physicality, without even saying a word. Yes it is. Make a perception check. 22. You glance up, and right on the edge of one of the three- to four-story curved iron towers, you see what appears to be an impish-like creature perched on the end with what looks to be faint, shimmering gold armor that's just peering down at you from the top of the alley. It doesn't react. Its head twitches a little bit, and it just sets back in itself, looking at you, its eyes these gleaming black, shining discs in the darkness. It just watches you. And as you exit the alleyway from where you came, the two devils that attempted to assail you there, no longer anywhere in sight, the-- Okay. As your form changes as you turn the corner-- -- into the tavern. Yep. You watch the wings (whoosh) unfurl, her skin going pale-- It did not have gold armor, the one that you saw at Krieg's. Well, that was in Krieg's-- Technically it wasn't in Krieg's house-- That was in father, what's the character's-- Yeah, it was the first-- when you first came to Emon, it was the ally to your father, Vax. And he was the one that was found slain, or was in the process of being killed by-- -- by entities. Yeah. Yes! Yes. Okay. The ring has no specific magical properties to it, but it is a signet of some kind. There is a symbol on it-- Roll a religion check, actually. This would be religion. Yeah. Okay. That he was in, yeah. So, the two of you both conjecturing about it, the symbol here is one that you picked up specifically in the tome you did research earlier. It is the symbol of Asmodeus. Asmo-day-us. It seems, from best you can tell-- Make an intelligence check, actually. (laughs) As far as you guys know, it looks pretty damn important. That's the only thing you can ascertain. Let me see. I mean, if you focus on an item, you can use that item to try an improve a scrying attempt if you're looking for a specific individual or location. But I don't think the Scrying spell directly allows you to, to-- Vex, at this point, is watching the whole thing, and she goes, "Well, to be perfectly "honest, I haven't heard much detail about this deal that you apparently seemed to make. What do "we make of the deal?" Yeah, you said 'fairly promptly.' It fits partway down your pinkie, but it gets caught on, like, the first knuckle. It's like he went to Claire's. It would only take one person, and they have to be on the same plane of existence. You would know that. Based on the enchantment. 45. Turns towards you and Trinket goes-- (bear grunting) Saunters up and looks up at Doty-- (bear sniffing, snorts) Fogs up the metal for a second on the outside-- Choose your dice. (chuckles) All right, so the-- it takes roughly five or so minutes to try and bring one of the nearby tables over without burning the shit out of your palms-- -- that could possibly facilitate an arm wrestling match between a giant metal man and a grizzly bear. No, it's cooled off by now. So, as it's all there, the giant metal man, Trinket comes up-- And Trinket, not really-- Trinket doesn't grasp, Trinket just goes-- and just does like a claw strike at his, at his hand-- -- because that's what a bear does. And so the giant open palm of the automaton gets slammed by the strength of Trinket's claw and this is going to be the, one way or another, the fastest arm wrestling match you've ever seen. I need you to go ahead and roll a d20 and add Trinket's strength modifier. Roll a d20 and add Doty's strength modifier. Ping! The bear's claw goes full swing, Doty's arm gets thrust back and almost seems to pop out of the socket briefly-- -- before pops it back in. And this very large, looming bear just-- (aggressive bear grunting) -- looms up towards you. Do you do anything? As the feeling of ever-so-slowly trickling, warm urine soaks the right side of your armored leg, Trinket's nose slowly brushes up against the side of your ear and face and goes (sniffing, grunting) (slurp) licks the side of your head and then the last little bits of trickle end as Trinket turns around and lumbers back towards Vex. Which, by the way, there's now a (sizzling) it's starting to actually-- All right, so you guys-- Nope, that is specifically a creature. Mmm, no, it's a location. You haven't seen it. So, what's the form you're taking? Okay. So you guys gather your things-- Correct. (laughs) All right. So, as you guys make your way down into the main chamber, there's one more devilish entity that's in the process of feasting on what looks to be a small cauldron of some sort of broken bone and dark purple and bluish flesh, and it's just tearing into it, as Ipkesh is at the same table where you guys previously spoke with him. He's sitting there with his same glass of wine, and as you approach, he gives a nod towards you, and he has a piece of paper on the table. He slides it forward. "Have a read. See if it's up to your preferences." I will give you the piece of paper, actually. (chuckles) It's a contract! No. You have to leave this here. Kind of, yeah. Would you like me to read the contract out loud? Okay. Hold on a second. So. Not necessarily. In theory, only one person has to accept the contract. To lock this in, you only agree to the first pact. And when the first pact is complete, you do not have to trigger any of the other pacts. The contract remains in effect. Should you ever decide to trigger the pact, it immediately comes into play. Yeah, you don't have to accept-- Yeah, in perpetuity. So, you don't have to decide now on the other pacts, but at some point down the road, if you're ever in a situation where you're like, 'oh shit, we're all about to die, I 'invoke the second pact,' boom, you get a bunch of devils to help you for the next month. You invoke the pact. Yes. One person has to sign the contract and only that person's soul-- Well, you're-- And you say this, in character? (laughs) "Well, there is room for negotiation, of course." "Very well. Please, return when you have a better idea of what you would like to see "adjusted, and I will do the same." He takes it and rolls it up, and it vanishes below the table as you exit. "It does not get dark, there is no evening here in Dis." He has taken a scan of the group, but he doesn't seem to be flinching. He is just there and eager to talk some more. So, as you guys exit the establishment into the street, the heated cobblestone still glowing a dull maroon and black, you watch as what looks to be some sort of strange mist-like form emanates from a crack, and turns into a screaming specter that-- (gasping) -- and drifts further down the street, past you. What do you guys wish to do? You've got 25 minutes before your spell is up. The Bastion of Flesh. No, the Bastion of Flesh is-- The safe passage to the Bastion of Flesh, that is what the contract enables you should you fulfill your part of the deal. Not an object. It's a location. (laughs) You wouldn't be Vex if you didn't. No, I mean-- Unless you guys have anything in your possession from that battle, then no. You did, but also-- No, the objects would not reform with him. He would reform without-- All the material possessions that Hotis had on his body when you killed him were left behind. Make an investigation check. All right. You don't ask around because-- It's a bad idea, and you start getting the idea, too, whatever's coming down, they get the stink eye, and you just-- turn tough gaze and keep walking. And eventually, you come upon a facility of some kind that looks to be made of almost-- pieces of black and rusted sheet metal that's jammed together in a very patchwork fashion. You don't see a doorway more than you see a triangular opening where the various interlocking pieces of metal aren't fully flush. From the inside, you see a soft reddish-orange glow that flickers ever so gently. As you glance inside, you see a few makeshift braziers that are flickering with reddish-orange fire and what appear to be some gleaming shelves lining up strange, glowing collections. Okay, as you guys enter-- You take-- You take three psychic damage-- -- from attempting to think too hard. Yeah. Just a bit of blood trickles out of his right ear. I assumed you didn't want a giant bear walking around. Well, it's taken a while to find this place so you're about ten minutes before your spell ends. This is a very big city, you guys. So as you walk-- This is the only thing you've seen so far that looks to have any sort of, loosely welcoming or not, heavily guarded 'don't come in or you'll get killed'-type exterior. And as you enter the low-lit inside, you see these rickety-looking shelves that contain small glowing gems or crystals of different colors and sizes. Like weird geodes that are cut from natural deposits. And across the way, there is just a stool and what looks to be some sort of humanoid creature that is slumped forward and breathing heavily. With these elongated, dull green color on the skin, a series of small spines that protrude from the shoulders and back-- Yeah, like jagged, long, thin spines. And as you enter inside, it turns up and goes, "Yes?" "You come to buy pretties?" What do you seek? "No, no, I do not go there." "Because it is for fleshy types." And he nudges this long, jagged chin; these gnashing teeth that are crooked and overlapping as it spits as it speaks in your direction. "What?" Make an intimidation check with advantage. Literally. "I do not know the-- the nature of this city is to be rebuilt. Always rebuilt, aways changing. "The archdevil, he worries. He's paranoid. Everything must not be the same as it was. I know "not where it is, I know not where the Bastion is, I'm sorry!" "Those who work, those who are within, those who are under the guidance of the prison's "masters. They know. They know." It's on his pinkie. "I can not help! I don't know." And he just lowers his head in a shameful worrying. You can see his knees are quivering ever-so-gently. Make an insight check. Okay, legitimately, this creature is pretty pathetic as far as devils go that you've come across, and in the threatening presence of an erinyes that is asking for information it does not seem to have, it is legitimately awaiting a terrible demotion that it doesn't feel it earned. "I don't know, I don't know." You see him looking around, spastically, his eyes are shooting around the room at all of you and around looking at the geodes at different directions almost like a weird iguana face. He says, "The torturers, the chains." "I sell pretties, I sell pretties, pretties used for rites, used for magic" He stands up now, and this creature that looked so pathetic when it was squatting down on this stool, these long thin gollum-like legs, it stands up and is now head-height, a good foot over most of the party-- Gangly, the spines extending from the back of the head and the arms and the elbows as it stands up now. As it slowly stalks over to one of the shelves and pulls off one of these strange purple geodes, the various crystals jutting out of different sides, and it turns around and brings it forward. "This, this carries pure condensed soul energy, geodes robbed her from "the fourth layer." As he takes it and holds it in front towards you, you look inside and you swear within the slight glimmers of light that shake through from the nearby braziers you see almost dozens of faces pressed up against the crystalline interior, shifting past, similar to that giant sphere, that orb you saw being passed through the city when you first arrived. "This is what I have got." "I'm sorry, I'm sorry." He looks to you and looks back. "Mistress, I'm, I have-- this." It lumbers over to this far corner and there's a pile of what looks like burlap and refuse and partially eaten partially rotting away chunks of flesh, and just rummaging through them, looking over the shoulder with a scattered look, and pulls up what looks to be a long-decomposed and somewhat mummified humanoid arm. The fingers are kind of locked up in this way, and there's a small brass bracelet around the center of the wrist. He shakes it and you hear it rattling. You can hear it rattling against the bones and as it shakes, one of the fingers snaps off with a poof of dust and hits the ground, "Oh! Sorry." He picks it up and tries to put it back on but it won't go back on. (sounds of disgust) Okay. The bracelet essentially acts as a divination beacon. It's attuned to a secondary device that can keep watch on this one. Apparently whoever previously wore this was doing so under the intent of relaying their travel or experience to somewhere else, and then met a very terrible end. Maybe. Not everything you encounter is going to be useful, guys! To whoever has the other object that's paired with this that you don't know what that is. Essentially. It is magical, it is functional. You don't know how old it is or how long it's been there, but it is magical. You can see the brow furrow, and there's a moment of instinctual anger and frustration, like a kid who had his lunch money taken, but he's still like (angry breathing), goes and sits down on the stool once more, the long knobby knees almost jesting up to shoulder height as it sits, its arms draped over the front, and the fingers dragging across the ground in front as it does, as it looks up, "Take it." "Yes, yes." He takes it and goes "I will be a favor to the mistress." "No, no, no." His hands clasp together, overlapping in front of him. He's looking up at you with this new grin, almost like, now there's been a moment of acceptance or a moment of some sort of, in his eyes, a union. The creature's looking very confused, but nevertheless eager to listen. "For the purple stone --" "1500 gold pieces." As you throw the sack there is a-- (grunts) And sets it down next to it, stands up, grabs and takes the geode off the shelf and hands it to you. "Mistress is pleased, yes?" "Yes." All right. As you guys step out of the facility into the center of town, you sense the final moments of your Shapechange spell-- -- beginning to dissipate. "Maybe." "I don't understand." He leans out of the door with you and points towards the iron tower. As you're about to leave, he grabs the back of your cloak and pulls you in, points past your shoulders, his long jagged curved claw, and you notice as two more of these flying entities that scoot by, one of them perching on a building across the way, wearing the golden armor, stop and, "The Whisperers." And then pushes you back out of the street and you hear the shifting of metal behind you, as a large slab is shifted to close the front of the shop. All right. Okay. Make a perception check. 24, Okay-- Okay! Between the two of you, looking up, there are-- at the peripheral of your vision and the bits of the green ash clouds that make up the sky as the occasional flashes of lightning streak through it from within, you see the shadows of hundreds of flying entities that seem to be just running paths, keeping watch, many just stop and perch for a moment, glancing over the street, and then take off again. Many of them wearing the same gold armor, these Whisperers appear to be everywhere and watching everyone. There is -- There are a handful that seem to be genuinely interested in keeping an eye on you, but you also see other ones that are genuinely keeping an eye on anyone else wandering the street. It seems that way, yes. Okay. Yeah, it's a ritual, you'd have to set up for it. All right. So you head back, and you're scrying on the chain devil you saw before? Okay. All right, what's your spell DC? All righty. Actually, it pulls from here-- it's going to be a wisdom save-- hmm, okay. Hmm. You finish the ritual, and as you focus, there's a flash of red-hot energy in your eyes, and then the spell comes to an end. Okay. You head downstairs-- Okay. As the two of you head down, you can see-- There's that one central table to the left western side of the room that has almost like a trough look to it, with the jagged edges? Currently has four imps that are perched on the edge that are just tearing into bits, tearing it off and chewing and they all stop and look up at you, all four at once, as you walk down and they all just slowly chew as you approach and walk into the chamber. No. They are not wearing armor. Ipkesh is present, but not at the same table he was earlier. He's currently at the bar area talking with his rotund barkeep. The thick, greasy guy sits, goes, "Oh, yeah." He looks over to Ipkesh-- Winks at you. "On the house." It looks like-- You know steak tartare where it has that purplish-red color to it? Imagine that, but there's a series of jagged bone shards sticking out at sections of it, like whatever it was carved off of had been pulverized before it was butchered. Yes. But with the bone still present within. And it is seeping this sludge-like, bloody fluid that is just pooled around it on this iron platter. Okay. Okay. Well, there are no utensils. Using the bone as the utensil, okay. As you spool it up, pop it in and chew, it's-- it's very gamey. It's warm. But the flavor, it's-- it's very iron-like. Kind of, yeah, and a similar texture. The bones do tear into parts of your upper lip. It hurts. I'd say, in the process of devouring this one bite, you do suffer-- You suffer two points of piercing damage. As you're chewing-- Vax, you watch Grog squinting his eyes a bit and chewing as bits of blood begin to dribble down the sides of his chin, but a bright red color, not the color of the meat that he's eating. No, you do not. You chew it, you swallow it, it hurts and grinds its way down, hits your stomach. There is a slight numbness to the inside as you eat it. But that's the most you get. All right. You, bite by bite, begin to finish the meal. I'd say, for the remainder of it, you suffer another three points of piercing damage, but you do finish the flesh in front of you. Nope. His already somewhat greasy, ruddy cheeks go to a blushing smile. "Thank you." Yeah. It's pretty awful. All right. You guys head back up. So what's everyone doing? No, no. If you complete the third pact-- You still live, but then when you die your soul is forfeit. Correct. And if by any means, at any point you break the contract-- This would be a conversation to have with the scribe. All right. So, all of you head down into the main chamber of the tavern, and there, returning to the table where he once sat, you see Ipkesh. No wine glass, but the paper folded out in front, waiting patiently with his hands folded in the front. "Yes, please." "If the rest of your friends complete the contract, your soul is fine." "If you don't complete the contract, you are in breach." "Just you." "Once you are there, you are on your own. However, I can ensure "that you are brought there unharmed." "I can imagine that can be arranged." "To the extent of my capabilities, yes. Just as you have limitations, as do I." "But where in this is it fair for me to suffer for your stupidity?" "Not to my knowledge, no. Those chambers specifically reside within the Iron Tower. That's "where they imprison the extremely dangerous ones. The Bastion of Flesh is where they keep all the "living mortals that were captured on this plane and not yet fully corrupt." "They would. However, if you so wish, I can arrange to have them "maintained in your presence." As you do that, he grabs the paper and pulls it over, and just takes his finger and writes it across, and as he does it amends the words in the contract in front of you to include the guide to lead you to where you're going, as well as allowing your equipment to also-- unharmed and unspoiled, and within your grasp. "I do not." You may. Okay. He seems honest. You get the sense here he doesn't gain anything if you all fail. If you complete both sides of the contract and then he dies, he gets nothing. So-- (weird Skype noises) If-- I dunno. But yes. So, you get the sense that the purpose of this contract is in hopes of eventual corruption. "I have nothing to gain by revealing your presence." "I can write up a different contract for you, if you like." He kind of leans in and squints. "Hm. It is a signet of the cult of Asmodeus. It is a trifle "here, but is used on your plane to assert belonging." "Yes?" "The Herald is quite powerful. The Herald resides within his stronghold--" "You would." "General, guarding throughout the stronghold, I'd put it at about a dozen, maybe." "Those are his forces locally. He has guards throughout the city, but they're scattered. Thus, "the importance of this is to go in unseen and unheard. And if you run into resistance, squash it "before it can make any noise." "Nothing too serious. The bearded variety. Maybe a bone devil, maybe two, I don't know." "Oh, this is a pit fiend." "But Utugash is strong but slow. Slovenly, sluggish. Has reveled in his own opulence for far "too long." I mean, it seems to be the contract wouldn't be binding on his end if it wasn't. You don't have to write the entire name. (laughs) We'll say you do, in character. Okay. As you finish signing, the ink kind of flashes and glows and it burns into the parchment ever so slightly, to the point where you smell the scent of just slightly singed parchment. It curls up away from you and into his grasp as he takes it. "Hm. Pleasure doing business. Now." And he snaps his fingers, and you watch, kind of apparate on one shoulder, one of the imps that you saw earlier-- -- when you arrived, that kind of saw you and rushed out when you were coming downstairs. It appears on his shoulder. "This is Vasa. He will be your guide." Vasa. V-A-S-A. Vessar is your last name. Vasa is different. "Vasa will guide you. Thankfully, the stronghold is near the torture pits, so there is "general din and sound and agony to surround. So that might offer you some solace in being unheard. "But be careful." "I know. Rest. Prepare. Enter where is easiest, always the path of least resistance. Get "the jump, surprise and silence. When it's time to leave, I can help you travel mostly unseen, should "you avoid some of the more piercing eyes of this domain." "I can provide maybe one or two." "Very well. Rest. I'll be here waiting." "Don't worry, I'll know when he's down as I'm sending Vasa along with you." "And once this is known, just wait. Because the alarm will call the guard, specifically the "ones that work for me." "No one that seem to be under his employ, no. Otherwise, clear them out." All right. As you guys make your way back to your room to discuss, we're going to take a break. We'll be back here in just a few moments. We have our tiger maple dice tower giveaway at the break from our friends at-- Oh my god, it's all in pieces still, oh god! But yeah, it's all magnetically put together. I know, you can make it-- That all magnetizes together. It's pretty rad. So, yeah. Do we have a code word for the chat? I pick? The code word will be 'pact'. P-A-C-T. So go ahead and come over to the Twitch chat room, use the word 'pact' in there to join the chance giveaway. Exactly! Awesome! See you guys in a few minutes. Hello guys, and welcome back! All right! So, before we get in, real fast, we have the winner in chat, the winner of the dice box is iccara! Iccara, congratulations! (cheering) Yeah. Panels and signings and all that fun stuff. So folks near and around the Seattle area, come up to Sakura Con and say hi. Yeah. Okay. Bringing it back in. So you guys have signed a contract. What do you to prep? What are you doing now? You're locked in. Nope. And poison. You guys technically are still under the effects of a Feast. Depends on how soon you get there. The Feast lasts for 24 hours. It's been probably, if you start resting fairly soon, it will have been maybe four to five hours after you used this-- or ate the Feast. With the eight hours' full rest, you're still looking at almost half a day left. It's up to you. Up to you. All right. You guys have an evening's rest in the second layer of hell, within the Iron City of Dis. The beds are warm. They're very toasty. It's like trying to fall asleep in middle of the summer in the Valley with no air conditioning. It can be done. But you're sweaty and it's not very comfortable. Maybe, yeah. It does help somewhat. You're the most comfortable sleeper in the entire group. All right, I need all of you guys to roll a wisdom saving throw, if you don't mind. That's correct. Yep. Okay. Vax? Okay. You guys all awaken, rested, as you know, in a similar way you're rested after being out open under the night's sky on the side of the road in a campsite. It's not the best rest, but it's enough to at least continue with some wind back in your sails. Other than that, you are feeling a little bit hungry. You're feeling fine. And actually it cooks pretty easily. There are portions of the iron metal, especially on the bottom floor, that cook it pretty well. All right. And you manage to cook a decent-- And the boar meat's been frozen for a while, so it's not the best, but it's better than bone splinter meat chunks. How much did you have? Half a boar meat? Half a boar, between all of you guys, including Grog's appetite, I'd say that's about it. That boar is gone. Oh no! Wow, we just had a very Oregon Trail moment. I'm proud of us. Not since the beginning, yeah. All righty. No. You have no idea. As you head downstairs, you do notice that Ipkesh is sitting at one of the chairs at the far end of the bar. The usual keeper of the establishment is not currently there. There is nobody else in the bottom portion. It is empty, and the imp, Vasa, is currently resting on the shoulder of Ipkesh, as you approach. "Just to be safe. Best not to have individuals knowing of our present arrangements or "your group exit applying to me." "Vasa will be able to bring you to your location. Vasa's mastery is in not being seen and "keeping beneath the eyes of the Whisperers. Vasa will not be able to aid you in the confrontation, "for Vasa is as strong as the parchment you signed yesterday." "Mm-hm." And he pulls from a small satchel on the side of his long, black and purple robe, this small, leather case that is locked on one side. And as he pulls it open and reveals this very, very tightly wound piece of parchment, and he hands it over. "This is a Silence spell. I "could not procure two, unfortunately. But this will aid you." "The Whisperers, they do not see through illusions, but they do see through invisibility." "At least-- not all of them. The bigger ones. If you see any that are larger than our "winged compatriot here, those are the ones to avoid." "That sounds, if that is within your capability, that sounds very reasonable." "Vasa could show you the way in, yes." So, this is Animal Shapes into a-- What form are you taking? Right. But what form are you taking? Animal Shapes. Basically, you guys can become a large or smaller beast. Micro-- No. I mean, bird-size would be about as small as you could get. "I mean, there are fiendish variations and there are rats that exist on this plane, though "life for them is not very enjoyable." "So. Shall Vasa guide you?" "Very well." Taps the edge and Vasa's been watching, goes, "Come follow me." And takes off of the side of his shoulder. You guys have spoken with an imp before. And the imp (fwsh) out the window, grabs onto the side of the doorframe, and then scurries onto the outside and turns back around and looks inside. "Come. Come." All righty. That being the case, you guys step outside onto the street and you watch as Vasa disappears down the same alleyway that you previously had nearly been assaulted in, Keyleth. You guys, I need you all to make stealth checks. Jesus. All right. So, for the first leg of this journey, as you're watching as Vasa is darting from edge to edge and occasionally almost dematerializing and turning invisible. And for a moment you have to stop and look around, and then you watch his form appear off in the distance and shoot up a tiny little lit flare to gather your attention once any large Whisperers pass overhead. And this process of rubberbanding behind Vasa continues over the next half an hour or so, going deeper and deeper into the city. And as you go, Vex, you're keeping a pretty close watch on where you're coming from, though you're also seeing large groups of lemures, which is how it's pronounced as I've been corrected and I'm so glad it's pronounced that and not lemurs, because that sounds awful as hell. It's lemure. I know. And they're not cute. They're horrible, fleshy, tortured souls. You see clusters of lemures throughout the city. As well as low-level spine devils and some other fiendish creatures that are in the process of rebuilding and reconstructing buildings, and tearing down others. You start seeing elements of the city are constantly in a state of being restructured, rebuilt. Sometimes more grandiose, sometimes more awful and terrifying. And you get the sense that the city is in a perpetual state of flux. That gleaming, iron tower still just beyond your visual sight whenever you have to readjust your vision across the horizon. I need you guys to all make another stealth check. For these different steps of the journey. Doesn't-- So as you guys are moving along, watching Vasa, Vasa eventually gets out of sight for a moment and you all stop and pull back. And you see a flash of light that signifies Vasa calling you forward and that it's safe. And as you all move forward, you watch as Taryon and Percival were both looking behind, keeping watch on your back, and by the time they look back you guys are already about 20 feet ahead. And as they rush forward, Percival straight up-- His foot hits the edge of where two of the iron rifts in the ground, the plating that meets up this part of the alleyway. He stumbles forward, landing hard on his elbow and giving out a (groan) of his breath. And as he does, you hear a (imp sound) and you watch as a small, impish creature in golden armor begins to crawl over the roof of the nearby building and look over the side. Okay. I want you to go and make a deception check. No, you have to roll if it's intentional. (laughter) Yeah. Nine? Okay. So you watch the creature (imp sounds) and slowly crawls along the top of the roof, as you go and split off from the rest of the party. You hear behind you the (imp talking) some sort of conversation, and then a second one appears. And one continues to follow you, while the other one continues to move with Taryon. Yeah, you watch as, after he gets back up, he breaks off from the rest of the group. Okay. So you're both now being followed by two of these-- You all just made it past this open walkway in the street, turned around another alley, and you watched this happen across the way. They're about 15, 20 feet from you, in an open road. The imps are on the other side of the road from you right now. If you want to, you can try in a moment. Okay. One of the two imps breaks off and swoops down after it, and immediately runs over and starts scattering across the ground trying to catch it as it tumbles off of the side. The other one continues to follow after the two of you. The bigger ones do. Some of the Whisperers do, some don't. He said be wary of the bigger ones. They see through invisibility and possibly other things. You do, yes. Okay. Make it with disadvantage, because you are being actively watched. You can turn around the corner and attempt it, but you know. It is aware that you walked there, so your ability to slip out of its view once you break from its line of sight is going to be this check. Sure, let's try it. Go ahead and make your stealth check. Okay. So, as you turn around the corner, you step onto the side of the wall. Hearing the impact of the boots across the iron side. Thankfully, it's enchanted boots, so the damage is relatively minimal, but you do hear the very faint sizzle of leather on hot metal. What are you doing, Tary? All right. So as this one is following Percival around the corner, the one that was going after you, that was distracted by the stone, you turn invisible, and it glances around and has lost sight of you for the moment. And it continues to push after Percival. As you head down this alleyway, and you guys are parallel following on the side, watching this from a distance, but staying out of sight, without making yourselves visible. Percival, you look up and you see this strange, eerie green glow that begins to drift in your direction. You watch as these spectral arms begin to drift up out of the ground, and this elongated horrifying face pulls up from underneath the darkened cobblestones of the street. And this specter entity drifts in your direction. It's some sort of a ghost-like creature. You've seen a number of these emanating and drifting through the city, some in small clusters, some individually. They seem to wander aimlessly throughout. Okay. That takes a minute to do it. You glance over your shoulder and see it and it is currently crawled around the side and it's leaping from these windowsills, these small iron squares that are about that big, that are built into the side of these walls here. It's leaping and flying from section to section, staying immediately 15 feet, 20 feet behind you. Do you want to go and follow? It's about 20 feet behind you, yeah. Yeah, about 15 feet up. All right, go for it, roll for an attack. It should say under your ability here. I'll pull it up if you want. This is for the throw. Or, is it the creature's saving throw, which is it? Which of the two? Let me go look, actually. This is the tanglefoot bag? So what you do is, it splats against it, and you watch it (choking noise), it gets stuck and sapped into it. It's moving now at half pace, it's having to pull through this substance that's glued to its feet and it's trying to tear away. All right. You turn around the corner now and you see, first off, Taryon appears, because when you throw the bag it breaks your invisibility. Yeah. So now you see Percival and Taryon both appear, and this one impish creature is now currently partially glued to a wall and is fighting, trying to pull its way out. Okay. Yeah. So go ahead and roll. No. It is aware that there are threats in its vicinity, so it's not a surprise attack. But it does not see you, so you have advantage on the attack. It is considered a Sneak Attack if you hit it. Yeah, that hits. How much damage is the first attack? 12 damage? It's Sneak Attack, because it didn't see you. So right as it's pulling away from this tanglefoot bag, this explosion of glue, it's like (rasping noise), and the dagger just slips through it, and you watch as it goes in four different pieces and retracts into the tanglefoot bag muck once more. It got completely shredded, and the sections are withdrawn back and stuck to it as it is slowly now dribbling out of this massive glue on the side of the building, which is now starting to bubble from the heat from the side of this structure. Okay. The impish creature that was distracted by your stone is now attempting to catch up. I want the three of you to make one more stealth check, since you've all revealed yourselves. Okay. You guys, darting into the shadows, rush around the corner. You hear in the distance the clattering of tiny imp claws, and the impacts of it doing the same perch-to-perch, gliding through the alleyway. You turn the corner and join up with the rest of the party. You hear in the distance some sort of a distant barking call in the language you don't understand. You gather that they've acknowledged that there has been a Whisperer slain in the alley, so you might want to hurry. As you guys collectively catch up with Vasa and are led further into the city, you begin to hear now this horrible grinding sound of metal that becomes omnipresent farther down this labyrinthine network of alleys and streets. You can see the glow of red and orange, that previously just emanated from the horizon, is now beginning to light the sky around you. It's this light pollution from some sort of nearby source. As you turn one of the corners, you look and see giant pyres of molten metal and fire. There is a gargantuan forge where people are-- I say people, these devilish entities-- and hundreds of lemures are just heaping large bits of iron ingots and scrap metal from fallen buildings and tossing them into this forge. Every time they do, there's a burst of flame and ash and cinder come pouring out of it. From there, you can see refined metals being pulled out and brought to other elements of this city. Beyond that, as you glance over, you can hear this faint echoing sound of hundreds upon hundreds of voices, all moaning, screaming, squealing, in torturous pain. You don't have a view of what's causing it, but this whole area of this city just brings this terrifying presence of all the torment you'd expect from somewhere in the Hells. As you pause a moment, Vasa darts back, trying to usher you forward in the direction of the sound. "Come, come, follow." And then vanishes once again, appearing on the other side of the street, and then beckoning you once more. For the last leg, I need everyone to make one more stealth check. All of you. Okay. As you're waiting for the right moment to cross the street, you wait for one cluster of these tiny winged, not quite imps, they're a little larger than imps, with this dark bluish-green spine protrusions out of the wings, and their heads are these giant bony ridges that go back, and they have these long spears. And about two dozen of them come down this street in a vast cluster, almost like a bat storm, a whole bunch of just randomly flying and angrily screeching creatures. And as you wait for that to pass, the minute that sound goes past, you dart across the alleyway and make it to the other side and turn just in time for the large heavy footfalls of what looks to be some sort of monstrosity. Multiple arms that are stitched to this large golem-like creature. It's humanoid, but it's about 15 feet tall, and it's just covered in stitches. Multiple chunks of different faces that are all just sewn together in places. You can see this series of gems that are imbedded in its shoulders and part of its throat that all pulse, like separate heartbeats that are out of pace with each other, and as it stumbles forward you see a chain around its neck and it's being dragged by this tiny imp that's just pulling it forward and tugging on it. It doesn't even make much of a noise other than a perpetual gurgle, but it's just some sort of flesh-stitched automaton that's being dragged forward to its next physical activity at the behest of whoever owns it. A few moments later, Vasa brings you to the outside of a large jet-black metallic and stone structure. A heavy thick-walled stronghold with a series of what looks like-- imagine a thick bramble forest made of twisted iron that surrounds the base of it, about five feet high. There are small gaps where you guys can try and squeeze through, for the more lithe folk. Grog, you're not quite sure how you're going to get over this without tearing bits of you apart. There's about a ten foot gap between this strange metal bramble fence, and the outside of this stronghold. Grog, you get inside. You release him out on the other side. All right. Well done. At which point you now have Doty on the other side just going (smashing noises). No effect. You guys have been good enough to keep far enough ahead that this wandering metallic automaton about 25 feet behind you hasn't drawn any strange attention. Yet. No steam vents that you can see, it's just this tangled mass of thick metal cables, maybe about a foot thick, that have spikes jutting out of them. It's climbable, but there may be some damage taken in the process. Doty then reaches out and (metal noises) and it takes a few moments but Doty begins to actually force the brambles apart and you can see bits of the metal (clinking) and bits of the spikes jutting through and breaking parts of the armor from the opposite side and are piercing it. It does manage to pull enough of an opening where Doty squeezes through and gets to the other side. However, Doty does suffer 12 points of piercing damage in the process, but emerges. It's pretty noticeable, it's about that big around. Roll a strength check. It takes you a little bit of time, and you manage to squeeze it together. You do take three points of piercing damage. That's essentially why he's able to do it on a roll of 15, because of his Siege ability. You do manage to squeeze it back together and close the hole. Now, Vasa you see is now up on the side of this wall, and this stronghold has nearly no openings on any other side. However, there is a small sliver of an opening, it's almost like an exhaust on the higher end there, and Vasa is currently perched up onto it. About seven feet up. It's about a foot and a half high and about two and a half, three feet wide. He pulls a patch out off of his robe and tears it off and slams it against the stone. As it does, you watch as, what was once solid black metal, a tiny seam of orange appears in a large rectangular pattern, and then opens ever so slightly on a hinge that wasn't there before. As you guys peer inside, ever so carefully, do you guys want to-- Make a perception check. It is very dark inside, there's a faint bit of almost like candlelight out of view, you can see there's a shifting glow internally that seems to have a life of a small flame. Make a perception check. Okay. As you glance inside of it, you can see there's a series of chains dangling from the ceiling carrying hooks on them. A number of these hooks seem to have a dried reddish caked blood-like material, some of them have bits of flesh still stripped and dangling from them. There are two tables in this chamber, each table seemingly containing some sort of a humanoid body that is placed on it and strapped down. One appears to be in two pieces. There is a torso and there are legs, and the center piece that once held the parts together is nowhere near in sight. Too shadowed to make any details from this angle, as you've just peered past the door, but there does not appear to be any other moving or living creature in the chamber that you can see. As far as you can tell. You take a moment longer and you see the one on the far table is breathing. All right, roll a stealth check. Okay. As you slowly slip into the chamber, closing the door ever so slightly to make just the faintest creaking of metal on metal, you slip into the chamber, and you can see there's shelves with various torture instruments just strewn across it. It looks like a terrible nightmare version of Percy's work chamber back in Greyskull Keep. There are two doors in the room, one on the north side and one on the eastern side, and the body that's on one table you can see appears to be human, older male. There are signs of some sort of physical scarring on the body, whether it be necromantic or corruption-based, it has been long dead. There is a very strong smell of decay. The other table, you do see the slight moving chest of a living dwarf, a female dwarf that appears to be passed out, unconscious, and has suffered quite a bit of torturous wounds. You can see hundreds of small scratches and jagged dagger wounds in the side of the shoulders and arms, the face, and is currently strapped down to the table. You are, yes. Divine Sense, to sense-- Within 60 feet of you. All right. Nothing coming from that dwarf, but there are a number of other sources throughout the fortress. Not in the room, but within 60 feet of you, you get a view of the chamber to the north of you and a chamber to the east of you. The eastern chamber, nothing. The chamber to the north of you, just beyond that door, there is a signature. Yes. You guys all quietly make your way into the chambers. Okay. She's not naked, she's wearing basic cloth clothing, but a lot of it has been torn and soaked deep, deep crimson with blood. A lot of it appears to be torn from stress and tension. There are claw marks from all over this chamber, from various demonic entities that have torn through here, but the table she's on as well. The body suddenly stirs on the table. Noelle, if you want to step on in? You hear a noise, and as you come to in the darkened room with just the faint glow of the candelabra in the corner. You glance over a dart and you see a series of shapes filtering in from a door that you haven't noticed before in the chamber, and begin whispering to each other and then looking over to you occasionally. One of them suddenly goes "Hello," and the rest go "shh." As you get a close look at her, too, you see she has darker auburn red hair with a shock of white-gray in it, shaved on the sides, one gnarled ear that has been chewed and torn and a series of scratch scars across the front of her face. She is manacled to it. Both ankles and wrists are manacled to this table. Make an investigation check. Yeah. What did you get? She's hard to read. She seems brusque and, honestly, chained to a table and probably tortured. Yeah. It's too late, you cast Cure Wounds. Go ahead and roll for it. You hear Taryon say that as soon as you finish casting the spell into the dwarf woman. You add your wisdom modifier. Where once you're groggy, the sudden flash of the divine energy and the healing power that sifts through your body, it brings a moment of respite and calmness to you, and you feel a lot better than you did a few moments ago. What did you roll, Vax? Yeah, the manacles are not trapped. All right. So, go ahead, both you guys roll to pick locks. Dex bonus plus your proficiency bonus. Okay, you guys take a quick moment and very deftly and very quietly, the twins in unison release the manacles and you instinctively sit up and rub your wrists. With that, you're back to full. Because you've been resting for a while and recovering from the wounds of the last torture session. The chamber has low flickering light from two different candelabras, one near you guys in the corner and one near the center doorways over here. You guys do a quick pass. You look around, and there are some chests around here and you carefully go through some of them that are left open, and you do not see any of your equipment within the room. There are a number of torture implements. Yeah. Of the things that look most useful to you, there's a giant iron fork. There are chained hooks. It's a two-pronged long, thick metal fork. But as a dwarf, you're stocky and strong with your background as well, it's not really an issue. At this point, you hear a (click) sound and a door beginning to open on the north end of the wall. Make stealth checks, Taryon and Grog with disadvantage. With disadvantage, you got a 19? Holy shit! Oh, plus-- yeah, yeah. You can get on the table if you want. All right, but you do it noisily. All right. So the door opens, and as it does-- A creature comes through, similar to Ipkesh, another humanoid, this one a little thicker, burlier, with a medium-grey hair that is kind of a tangled mass all into dreads right past the shoulders. Big, leathery red wings, red skin, horns at the front, and has a big sword it kind of is pulling out of a sheath on the side of it as it comes in, looking around the room. Which-- Immediately kind of steps into the chamber, as you guys all hide off to the side. "Shit!" And is going to turn around and just go running in the opposite direction. Okay, so, this going to be a surprise-- Not a surprise round, it knows you guys are there, but this-- this is going to be a roll for initiative. Everyone, roll some initiative. (laughs) Oh, man. All righty. So, top of the round, we have 25 to 20. Anybody? 28, Jesus Christ! Okay. Oh, 21. Nice! All righty, 20 to 15? 18. All right. 16. 15 to ten? Ten to five? Five to one? Oh. All righty. Percival, you're up first. You see this devilish humanoid-- -- beginning to pivot and turn. You are right there. Okay. Okay. Right. The doorway is about the size of him, so you-- I mean, it takes up the entire doorway, essentially, and it's just pivoting after it notices you guys, so you're gonna have to make a tumble check to try and make it past him. An acrobatics roll, but yeah. Okay, so you're trying to, basically, as he goes to spin around, you dash forward, and roll into a tumble to try and pop up on the other side, so go ahead and roll acrobatics check. 22. Natural 20 on his end. So, as you tumble, not even noticing-- The world spins as you go into a roll and suddenly there's just a flash of white, and there's just a foot, a massive boot in your face as the individual slams a kick into your head to stop you from tumbling forward, and you stop in place. So you're currently prone on the ground, but you still have your action if you want to. Go for it. You are prone. You have disadvantage on your attack rolls. Yes. That hits. 15 misses. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage twice. And, Tova, you're up next, so be ready. All righty. 18 from both strikes? Yeah. All righty. All righty. So, as you land on the ground, you pull your sword out and just swipe three times in the air, two of them striking across its thigh and the kneecap. It still stands, but you see it took a nice, sizable chunk out of it. That ends your turn, Percival? Tova, what are you doing? You're currently still up on the table, sitting up. You have the greatsword at your side and you watch as the-- one of them, one of the new people stumbles onto the ground and then slashes at this creature a couple times, and it's right there kind of still trying to find its way out. What're you doing? All right, so as you leap in the air, bringing it down, go ahead and make both attacks. First one. This would be a plus ten because it's not magical, I believe, right. Unfortunately, neither hit. The one-- Yeah. The first one, it hits the front of its armor and just scrapes off the side. The other one, you swing back and it slams into the stonework, and it just ducks underneath. Bonus action, anything you want to do? Before it tries to run away? You watch now, you see the clothing that was on her before wasn't torn from torture, but her form rages into this bipedal humanoid bear with rippling muscles, the same scars across the face, and begins to just growl as the greatsword now looks almost small in comparison in this mighty kind of humanoid bear's grasp. That's the end of your turn. All right, the devil-creature is going to go ahead and turn around-- -- and attempt to move this way to the door. Both of you guys get an attack of opportunity as it rushes away. Yes, 'cause you're still prone. That hits, go ahead and roll damage. That's 2d6 for the damage on the greatsword. It'd be plus six. Because your strength is five and plus one there for the weapon. Plus six total. Okay, and if you ever roll a one on the dice, or a one or a two, you can re-roll it once. You can roll each one once, like if it gets under that. It's part of your Great Weapon Master. No. Yeah. So 13 points of damage. All righty. So you hack at it as it's running away, but it still manages to go-- get out over this side. It goes to the next door and throws it open. Okay, you guys still can't quite see what's in that chamber beyond from your perspective. And is going to move in. It just gets about that far into the chamber. All right. That gets us to Vax's turn. He's just moved-- He's out of sight of you, currently, because you're over here. Yeah. You don't see him. You can. If you run to where the doorway is open, you can see him as he's just disappearing into a darkened chamber beyond. Go for it. Misses. 29 hits. Okay. That is a 12, no. Okay, got you. Cool. All right, so, the dagger (impact sound) and you see him stumble for a moment as his wings kind of instinctually curl up from the sudden burst of poison in his system. So. You do have some more movement if you wanted to. Okay, so you're going to stay in the doorway? That brings us to Vex's turn! Vex, your turn. Yeah, it's all good. I mean, he's not-- He's staying low, and your brother knows not to block the whole path, so-- Go for it. Go for it. 20 hits. All righty. Okay. All righty. So, both arrows (impact sound). It tumbles forward, kind of like falls to one knee for a second, and is still picking up and running. So that finishes your turn. That brings us to Grog. (laughs) Easy enough for you. Five, ten, 15-- 30, 35, 40, 45, 50-- You can just get within melee range-- (cheering) -- because crazy barbarian speed. You also reveal the rest of the chamber-- You see two of the-- This chamber contains a bunch of-- A bunch of, looks like cells of some kind, that are locked off with doors, and two of the lemures, the weird fleshy tortured spirit things kind of lie in the corner that all of a sudden see you as you charge in and just pay attention to your appearance. So, what are you going to do? Okay. Is this your bonus action? Go for it. Yes. That hits. 21 points of damage? All righty. That hits, go ahead and roll damage. Okay. As you rush forward, slam once into the back of his shoulder, he kind of falls to one knee again, still wounded by the slashing to his thighs and the arrows out of his back. The wings kind of unfurl a bit, and he turns around, looking like he's about to point his finger towards you-- -- there's like a flash in the eye, like it's attempting to have some sort of type of-- but before it does, you bring the hammer down onto his face. Whack! And as it does, it just caves inward, and falls to the ground, unmoving. That brings us to Taryon's turn. Okay. You're right here. All right. So that's five, ten, 15, 20-- 30, 35, 40. You get all the way into this room, you still have 20 feet of movement left, as you enter next to Grog and see two of the fleshy masses of tortured souls kind of starting to make their way in the direction of you and Grog. You have your bonus action, that's it. Because you cast Haste, and then did your movement. Very well. You run up towards one of these creatures, and as you get closer, as you see it becomes more and more apparent in your vision, the more horrifying it gets as you get closer. What's Doty going to do? Doty's movement is-- Doty has to spend half of-- it's difficult to get through the doorway-- and gets about that far. Doty actually pushes Vax out of the way, it has to bend down and get into this central chamber. Doty can use the rest of the movement to get into the room with you. Doty can get right there, and that's all Doty can do this turn. All righty, that brings us to Keyleth's turn. Yes. Grog can see both of these things here. You mean can Taryon see this way, you mean? Taryon can just barely begin to see a hallway that goes further that way. Over here, you mean? You don't see anything in there, there's nothing in your room right now. What's this here? That's Doty. That is Grog. You don't see anything in the chamber, everyone's just kind of-- Your new friend turned into a bear, and everyone ran through a door. That's even better. All right. You can just get into this chamber with your movement. You can if you used your action, but that's all you'd be able to do this turn. Yeah, not very stealthily or manly So any strength checks you make are with advantage. Though you already have that while raging. When he rages he gets advantage on his strength checks. Okay, Cat's Grace. So you have advantage on any stealth checks you make. All righty, that ends Keyleth's turn. Back to the top of the round. Percival. You get up, that's half your movement. To your right, there is a hallway and then a doorway. Yeah. Right there. These cages are empty, currently, yes. Which one? This one is currently closed. That's as far as you can get right there. All righty, that ends your turn, Percival. Tova. Yes. That means, if you want to, on an attack, you can take minus five to hit to add ten to damage. That's Great Weapon Master. And then you have Great Weapon Fighting, you can reroll any ones or twos that you roll for damage. Yeah, because it's low light. You rush in. The one that was initially left is slaughtered on the ground, but as you rush past, stepping over its corpse, you see another fleshy mass lemure, the creatures that have been following you around since you got here. Yeah. Go for it, roll for an attack. Correct, you do. It's an additional plus two. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage. 21 points of damage. As you rush forward, you come down with the greatsword and slice right to the center of this cluster of flesh. It's just (burbling) and falls to the ground, sloughing in two pieces, quivering, and then disperses. You do have a bonus action, yeah. A big old thick bear loogie onto the corpse as it slowly turns into a liquid. It steams as it falls into the cracks and crevices of the stone floor. All right. That's Tova's turn, that guy's gone. This lemure, 15 foot of movement, another one comes up behind you but it has to use all of its action to get to you. These creatures are not very dangerous if you're far away. As that shambles forward, another winged creature turns the corner, inspecting the sound, and as it turns the corner and sees you, Taryon, shouting as you ran forward with the spear, and the creature, right as you're about to attack, gets slashed in half in front of you, robbing you of your glory, you turn the corner and see another winged humanoid, this one female, with a very intense scowl on its face. You can see the fanged teeth out of its mouth, and points towards you. I need you to go ahead and make a wisdom saving throw, with advantage. 18, okay. You feel an influence begin to press into your brain, drawing you into a strange brain space, and you clench your eyes and force it out, your will strong enough to resist the effect. Upon seeing this fail, and your vision go clear, it glances about and sees everyone else charging into the room, and then backs up again into the chamber this way, that far with the rest of their movement, and that's as far as they get. That brings us to Vax. You do. You are indeed. All right. I will say, if you don't move, Grog is blocking a large portion of this space so I'll give you disadvantage on the attack even though the creature's very easy to see. Fair enough. So, go ahead, you're unaffected. 22? It hits. Go and roll damage. Yes. Oh, Grog is not, Grog is about ten feet away from it. Tova's right next to it. Okay. You eviscerate the lemure. You watch as you jam your dagger through it multiple times, and each section you carve off of it, it splits open, leaving these stringy tendrils of flesh and tendon behind as it wails and shrieks to the ground, slowly dissipating into a thick sludge. Make a perception check. As you make a glance around the room. 24? You unfortunately do not. You do, yes you can. You can back into that corner here, and go ahead and roll your stealth. Okay. Well, you don't get the plus ten. Because you already cast Hunter's Mark, which got rid of Pass Without a Trace. So, 30. But good to know. Vex, you're up. That's as far as you can get there, and then Trinket emerges in the chamber next to Grog, goes over and is right next to the destroyed corpse of the devil humanoid earlier, the face smashed in. Guys, you all hear Vex say that. Trinket does manage to just catch up with it. Yeah, he can. 28 hits. Yeah, go ahead and roll damage. Are you using your action to give him a double attack? Okay. Because you're not actually attacking anything. So go for it. So it's two attacks. So the first one's damage? 14, all righty. 26 hits. 17, there you go. So look at that. So Trinket rushes in with a double swipe. As soon as the creature backs around the corner, and it goes to turn, Trinket comes rushing around the corner and tears into it with a claw and a bite into this female devil who is pushed into the wall and torn into the chest terribly. You guys just see and hear this in the distance, you don't actually watch the impact happen, but you hear the screaming and Trinket roaring as it strikes into it. You get the sense that it's going to be real hard to try to maintain a sense of stealth in this stronghold now. So that ends your turn. Grog, you're up. Okay, go ahead and roll a stealth check. Actually, I'd probably say it's a bonus action, yeah. Grog. Not an issue. You get up there right with Trinket, we'll say for the purposes of this tiny alley, you're in an uncomfortably close, due to your both massive sizes, you have to move to the side around Trinket and come down with the hammer if you want. That hits. 18 points of damage, all righty. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage. All righty. As you slam into it multiple times, the hammer reaching around the side of Trinket, it's being pushed against the wall and you can see she has this giant slash mark on the chest, a big part of the neck has been torn out, and you start bludgeoning her on the side of the shoulder, and she's (growling noises) is really, really frustrated. That ends your turn, Grog. Taryon, you're up. It is. As soon as you run around the corner, you see this mass of fur that is Trinket, this mass of muscle that is Grog, and this tiny little bit of a devilish head of this female, as you're holding your pike. You do have a little more movement, yeah. Because it is a reach weapon, you can. Over Trinket. Go ahead and roll an attack. Yes, you can do that. The front of it bursts into flame, and you appear on the side. So go and roll an attack. 21 hits! Ten? All right. The fire's reduced by half, so it's eight. Eight points of damage. You do. 18 unfortunately does not hit. That hits! 15, because fire, half the fire damage. As you jam it over Trinket, the second one gets it in the throat. That'll do it! You poke, and as the lance slinks into the side of her throat, which is the only thing you can really see at this point over Trinket, she grabs up and instinctually catches the lance. As you're pushing it in, and you shove it in, going "Ahh!" It's like a slow Saving Private Ryan knife push. She's like (gurgling noise) and just falls limp on the edge of the lance, crumples to the ground. Doty immediately pulls the small chamber in the side of the torso that holds the book and-- All right, that ends Taryon's turn. Keyleth. Okay. What's the casting time on Locate Creature? Locate Creature? Okay, it's one action, you can do it. Okay. You immediately sense a very large heavy source of energy right in the center of this chamber here. You hear a very, very faint sound of shifting stone. It's very faint. That's it. Currently there is no immediate threat, so you guys can take a moment if you feel like you need to. Which one? Over there? Okay. Just your room, that's all you're really aware of. So as you look over in that corner, you can see it's this series of five locked cell doors. Some of them have small bars in the window, some of them are just solid doors, but they're all slammed and locked. You don't know. Okay. All right. Keyleth, are you doing anything else? It takes ten minutes to do that, sorry. Is Tary leading the charge here? All right, so you're following Tary, everyone's moving over to the hallway here, then. Doty is pushing forward this way, Tova are you following? All righty. Staying back? You're the back of the pack-- well, middle of the pack right now. Well, first and foremost-- Not before you all started moving forward. You can if you want to, but you'll stay behind everyone for a little bit. Yeah, make a perception check, with advantage because of your keen senses. So what did you roll for your check? 20. (sniffs) You are familiar with this smell, Utugash. It is a combined smell of sulfur, a dry earth, and grotesque decomposition. And the smell is very strong, and you can already follow the scent, it does lead into this next chamber, which is just an open wall. It isn't a door that's closed-- There's no door, it's just an open wall that leads into a chamber. Taryon, you're leading the charge, you said? Yeah, so you step up and move. As you do, I need you to make a dexterity saving throw. 19. As you step forward, something beneath your foot (click), and you look up just as you-- as a piece of a circular stone opening that you previously didn't see before, suddenly pours a heavy amount of extremely hot, boiling oil down above you, and you step back, just out of the way as it splatters across the ground, sizzling there. Yeah, he doesn't get saving throws, he gets skills from you, but he has advantage on saving throws from traps. You step forward, make a perception check. All right, as you turn around the corner and look in, the interior is very low-lit. What little bit of light-- I know you have Darkvision, but there is-- what little bit of light you see is two sources of very, very low, deep, red light. These two giant pools of some thick red liquid that are just emanating this very, very faint glow. Inside you see there is a giant chair that is affixed into the center of the chamber, as well as an altar in the center. Upon this chair, you see, similar to what you battled in the City of Brass, you see a massive pit fiend, the wings lazily uncurled to each side, the corpulent mass of it is just this giant belly that hangs over the front of its knees. It clutches to its side, and it's using currently to keep one of its arms propped up, is a large axe, and the other hand is just resting on the side of the throne, and you see it just sitting there, tapping its fingers, looking straight at you as you enter-- as you step into the middle of the hallway. There are a series of-- clusters of bones throughout the entire room. You can, and it leads to what looks to be a portcullis gate, an iron gate of cross bars that has-- is closed currently yeah. I will say, it's 1045. Do we want to pick up at this battle moment at the beginning of next week? All right, so we'll have Noelle back for next week. We'll pick up right at the encounter with Utugash, within his stronghold. Oh man, this'll be fun. Utugash. U-T-U-G-A-S-H. You did good, you did good. (laughs) But yeah, we'll pick this up next week, jumping into this fray. Thank you guys so much for watching, thank you so much for playing, guys. Thank you Loot Crate for being our awesome sponsor. And we'll see you guys-- we'll be there at Wondercon this Saturday, 2PM. Yeah-yeah! Yeah! Two o'clock. The arena. All right, folks, have a wonderful night, sleep well and is it Thursday yet? Good night.