Hello, and good evening everyone, to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons and Dragons. Tonight's going to be an interesting evening based on how we left off last week, so we'll get to that here in a moment. First and foremost, let's get through our announcements. At the top, we are excited. This episode and the episodes of this month are brought to you by our new sponsor for this month, Loot Crate. (cheering) But they've been awesome enough and interested in helping us sponsor this next month of content, so that being the case, if we want to go ahead and open some of these boxes real fast, and see, so you're aware of the kind of stuff that Loot Crate does. While they're opening this, Loot Crate is a monthly subscription box service that's 20 bucks a month and you get six to eight unique items that are based on a specific theme every month. That's okay. You guys show off what you got. No, I'm good. I'm good on that, thank you. So, the cool thing about this is, they send you a new crate every month that has a certain theme and the content in that is based around that theme. If you go to www.lootcrate.com/criticalrole, you can enter the code 'criticalrole', one word, to save $3 on your new subscription, so if you're thinking about it and you want to try it out for a little while, go ahead and use our code and get yourself a nice little discount, which is rad. That the invasion box? Not yet, power box, I think, is this month. (laughs) That was a good month. I like how it's essentially a really tiny pre-stream Critmas. I've already lost control of the episode. So, yeah, lootcrate.com/criticalrole. You can put in 'criticalrole' as your code there and you'll get 3% off your subscription. Or yeah, sorry, $3, not 3%. Much better than 3%. I'm so stupid. $3. It's awesome. Thank you, Loot Crate! Next announcement we have, for those who missed it previously, it is now available the latest issue of Rat Queens, in which Vox Machina make a cameo appearance during a certain bar-crawl portion of the issue. And some wayward bard ends up trying to buy a drink for one of the members. He has glorious hair, which, mine is shorter now, but it'll grow. Don't worry, those of you who freaked out. I've already gotten people who're like, "You cut it!" and I'm like, "It's hair! I "live in the Valley where it's hot." Yeah, not today. Today, the weather's been nice. So, yeah, next up on the list, Taliesin. Supposedly, for those who haven't seen it, the next run on Signal Boost, the show that Marisha writes and produces for, has a new person hosting the next series of episodes. All right, so, look for that. All right. Also, there is a new series of Geek and Sundry website content coming up called Ask Vox Machina, in which Vox Machina members have been written to by various people living in the world of Tal'Dorei, asking how to solve their problems. Our wondrous players here are answering them in character. I believe the first one is going to be Sam, right? (laughs) Did you say anticipation awards? Oh, I like anticipation awards, too. There's a video game that some people may have heard of called Uncharted 4 that's coming out. Reviews have been coming out and everyone's giving it the best game of forever. So, and I believe one of our own Vox Machina plays a rather awesome role in that, Laura? (cheering) That is exciting. And in the multiplayer you might hear me try and kill you a couple times. Okay, so between us, we got you. Should be fun. All right. Also, we put the new full title intro on Facebook yesterday, so you guys can get it in hi-def glory at your request. And we've already hit a million views on it in a day. It's a good time when you can dress up as your D&D characters for a weekend and people on Facebook are like, cool. Like, that's the weirdest thing ever. Huh. That's a thing. (laughs) Did you? Did they really? They say that (funny voice) I love the intro but Laura Bailey looks stupid. All right, last couple things here. The title song actually for that intro, written by our wondrous friend of the show, Jason Charles Miller, who you saw play as Garthok, the half-orc rogue a number of episodes back, who wrote our original theme and the new one, has it up on iTunes. So if you want to have the most badass, nerdy ringtone and/or music to play on repeat until you start bleeding out of your nose, that is now available on iTunes, so you can search for the Critical Role intro music. It's awesome. All right, Liam, you want to take it away? It's so satisfying. Cool. And last but not least on my list, it says 'death to all puppies'. I don't know who wrote that. I'm going to assume it's Sam. It's usually Sam. All right. Well, then, let's go ahead and bring this down now to get in the mood for tonight's episode of Critical Role. [dramatic music] Oh, sorry, Coriolanus, thank you. And that is where we're picking up. So-- Holy shit. What the-- what? Please tell me that was a gift from somebody. Inspiration granted and immediately taken away. That's the first step of the process. The pants come soon. I can't even. That's a thing. All righty, so, with that, we are going into the realm of battle. Let's go ahead and kick on the proper music for this. So, with Vox Machina currently on the rooftops here and hiding within the bottom of this building, we have the four archers that have appeared on the rooftop of the Margrave's house. We have most of the individuals that are surrounding this, along with the few innocents, which just for the sake of appearance, here, I will go ahead and attempt to mark with a few markers so you know who you're looking for, innocents-wise. No, you're not. Not anymore. All right, so, the red markers are going to act as markers for the innocent, just so you're aware. Percy's over there. All righty, so, that all being the case, guys, as Grog shouted, at this moment the individuals in the center of the square start looking around, confused, not knowing where to come from. At this moment, a few of them manage to catch up a glance at the individuals that are on the rooftops. I need everyone to roll initiative, along with you, Grog, because combat has begun again at this point at the top. All of you guys. This has started. 'Because he's fucking evil'? Is that what you said? All right, so, for the sake of this one, we have 25 to 20. 21, okay, so we have-- let's see. All right, 20 to 15? All righty. 15 to ten. Pike, getting into the double-digits! A lot here I'm keeping track of, guys. All right, so, the surprise round affects all the archers. It affects everyone except for these four individuals, or these two individuals with the clubs, and these two women here with big swords, and Kevdak. So, top of the round, Vex. The second story does. Actually, this one was supposed to go this way for the entrance point there. All right. So you are currently now looking out the side of the window. Right, no one's seen you at this point. Putting a green on him for the Hunter's Mark. Hold your action until--? Okay, so that finishes your turn. Vax, you're up. You are by a door. You're inside the house right now. The door is technically partially ajar because you guys did slip in. Okay. That'll end your current actions. The archers are surprised. They do not go. It is Kevdak's turn. Kevdak sees you shouting out. He rolled a natural 20 on his initiative. Yeah. I was like, man, all right. Let's start this right. They had Wheaton come in and touch all my stuff. All right, so he's going to go ahead and, seeing you shout like this, he looks about for a second. He's going to continue his rage. He glances about, looks over and he sees nothing immediately on the rooftops, but looks down at this individual now shouting out for help before him, prostrate, and he gives you a glance and says, "Well this seems real familiar, doesn't it, Strongjaw?" At which point he's going to go ahead and take two of his reckless attacks against you. That's going to be a 28 to hit. Yeah. Second attack is a 30 to hit. No, these are not Great Weapon Master. You take 30 points of slashing damage, reduced to 15. And two points of necrotic damage, because it's not reduced. And second one's going to be 22 points of slashing damage, reduced to 11, and then five points of necrotic on top of that. You might have to get a little bit closer to make sure that he can hear you. What're you going to do, Sam? Okay, you step to the very edge of the rooftop here. We'll say for the sake of this, right there. Just like that on your shirt. As he brings around his axe for a second swing, he hears that and glances over his shoulder and sees this shiny gnome butt up on the top. Continuing the swing, though, to attack. Go ahead and reduce the damage using your Cutting Words. Uh-huh. So you take ten points of slashing damage from that strike. Oh, you're wielding Mythcarver, so his next saving throw is at disadvantage, right? Because you're not currently wielding your weapon, Kevdak's going to go ahead and take a step back and glance over at you, as he's going to move his fingers up and point towards the roof. And you see a bunch of the other entities and archers, whoosh, shift their attention over in your direction, Sam. All right, that finishes Kevdak's turn. Scanlan, you're up next. Actually, you do get an attack of opportunity on him with your fist. Because you're not holding your warhammer right now. I mean, it's your strength modifier plus your proficiency modifier. 13, no. You punch his back and it just hits off his muscle. All right. Sam, you're up. Where are you holding it? No, they're all the type of people that would be at all times wielding something at their side. There are two individuals that you do notice, there is this one here, and there is Greenbeard right there, and they both appear to have some sort of a quarterstaff-type implement, but everything else is either bladed or giant clubs or some sort of big melee weapon. They are, yes. On Kevdak. Oh boy. You would, yeah. All right, Hold Person. For a minute, wisdom saving throw, for the duration. Okay. With disadvantage, yes, that is true. Kevdak. All right. He rolled a 19 and an eight. Taking the eight, that brings it to a ten, so that's a failure on him. (cheering) You can in a moment. We have to figure out if the other guy makes his save. He rolls a natural one. Aw, man, the rest of these people are going to be real pissed. Yes. At the end of each of his turns, the target can make another wisdom saving throw. And paralyzed, for those who are aware what paralyzation does, a paralyzed creature is incapacitated and cannot speak, automatically fails strength and dexterity saving throws, attacks rolls have advantage, and any attack that hits the target is a critical hit if it's within five feet of the creature. You do. You can duck behind the other side of this roof if you'd like. I mean, it's more the casting time. You can still move away once you've cast the spell and hold it there. And that finishes your turn, Scanlan? Grog, you're up. You watch as he steps away from you, points up, and all the archers turn towards that, everyone else looks over at the rooftop and you hear a cacophony of voices around growling, before Kevdak takes another step and (grunts). And you see the gleaming ass of Scanlan in the distance, the high noonday sun bouncing off of his pale, sun-dappled, gnomish skin. These two round globes of victory staring down from the rooftop. Do you want to pick up your weapon first, or? Nope? Okay. Oh right, because you held your actions, so, up to you. Yep. All right. So. We have now Vex, taking your shots. Yes, and they all have advantage because he's paralyzed. This is bad for Kevdak, but we'll see how it works. Still raging, so everything's half-damage. Yeah, that does. Yep. Yeah, they all hit. 28, reduced to 14, okay. Okay, that reduces to eight. All the arrows strike true, thump-thump-thump, but still each one is only piercing the flesh so far, he's generally so dense in his musculature, each impact is not having the same satisfying (impact) sound you're used to. But that ends your held action and it is now your turn. Oh right, that was the sky sentinel, go for it. Take a second attack. Okay. Yeah, that's going to hit. 14, okay. 14 damage to him. Greenbeard is currently stuck there in place, the arrow sinks into his robe and you don't even see the impact, it absorbs into the cloth and he goes, ah, and you hear the escaping air from the impact but he can't actually move. At this point, you'd better. All right. You're up. Correct. So you're moving up into the doorway. Who are you attacking? 60 feet, you'd, okay, yeah, you can get right into there and probably still hit him from there. Because you have sharpshooter, you don't have the second increment range, go for it. That hits. 37. And half of that is going to put it at 18. You had the held-- a held action is just your action. Well, the idea being that when you hold your action, you have an action that you hold until it triggers. The bonus action's a whole different thing that you have to take on your turn. Yes, essentially you have your action and your bonus action. Holding your action means you hold that one bit of it but your turn still continues past it. Over here? You can certain try it. (laughter) Make an acrobatics check. 30. You manage to make it up to the top. No, you used your action. Technically, you wouldn't be able to move at this point even, but I'm letting you do that. Usually your move, it's a little weird. So yeah. Trinket's just chilling in the house. (sad bear noise) All righty. So that ends your held action, now Grog, you're up. Okay. Go ahead and make an athletics check. With advantage, because you are raging. Oof! You yank the bloodaxe from his grip. I mean-- Let's check on that, because I don't know if it's an attack-action-based, because you didn't take an attack action last turn, you used your action to pull it away. Looking at that right now, the berserker is here. Let me see. Yeah, it's a bonus action, so you could if you wanted to. The weapon isn't attuned to you, so it would just act as a regular axe, possibly. Like on his left arm? Sure. You're going to be-- it's going to-- okay, so you're raging. Advantage. Well no, reckless attack would be the advantage if you wanted to. Well, you have advantage against attacks with him anyway, because he's paralyzed. I will say, it'll have-- okay, you'll have advantage on the attack, but I will say it's a general minus five to the attack, just because it's a very specific called shot. Go for it. All right. Go ahead and roll damage. It's a d12, and add your strength modifier. Poor d12. Strength modifier, which would be three. Five. Whoosh, you hack the blade and it sinks quite a bit into the arm right above the elbow, you can see as you pull it out, a bit of bone is exposed from it, but the arm is still intact. It wasn't enough damage to go through, but he's like, (stifled yell) Because you were within five feet, so, yes. So double the dice. So what'd you roll on the dice? So four. So instead it would be seven damage. Still not enough. But you do do a significant amount of damage to his left arm. His now-open hand's gripping nothing. Actually the one hand was holding the axe and the other one was pointing up, so he's like, (strained sound) looking at you right now as the blood begins to seep out of the fresh wound on his left arm. You can move three more spaces, so yeah. Three. That's where you can get, right there. Okay. That ends your turn. Surprise back, Percy, you're up. (laughs) Cast Hex on the asshole. Okay. That's the thing with Hex, all right. So yeah. You watch as Grog walks around him, Grog's shadow seems to stretch out from his form, reach up, and wrap itself around, almost merging with the tattoos across his torso. The actual bear tattoo almost seems to be almost covered with shadow. Which way are you going? About here? Yes, you can. You could. I'll move this board a little bit so you guys can see better. His left arm, you do not have a view on it right away. I would say from your perspective on the rooftop, because he was turned this way and is facing this way, you would have a big ol' view of his back and shoulders. On this arm? Okay. Go for it. You have advantage on the attack because he's paralyzed. You have advantage on that, and then you have disadvantage because it's a called shot, plus minus five. You would if you hit. What's the first range increment for the pistol? Yeah, okay. Gun. Go for it. Double the dice and then add the modifier to it. 32 points of damage? Okay, half of that into 16. (gunshot) You watch as the blast hits into the side of his arm. The arm actually hyperextends and part of the bone shoots out the side, and he goes and screams out. The arm does not, you know, it looks like it's in a rough place. With the disadvantage? You got advantage because he's paralyzed, yeah. You're right, you're right. Hold Person, man. Nasty. Too late. 24 points of damage. So minus that to 12, this is the same elbow? (gunshot) You see now, the arm actually is dangling now from some sort of sinew and bone that is barely keeping it on at this point. That hits. Lower that to 11. Okay. This shot hits the elbow again, actually destroying a big portion of the upper forearm. It's now essentially but a single leftover bicep muscle that's holding it in place as blood's pouring from the wound right now. All right, that ends Percy's turn. Keyleth, you're up. Up here? Are you coming from up here, you mean? All righty. Let's take this here. Balancing here, there we go. A DC what? Oh no! Keyleth's dead. LAURA and All right, what's the DC on that? Strength? This is a saving throw. Okay, one of them fails, one of them succeeds. In a random direction? All right. Let's go ahead and see what direction, that's a one, so he gets flung this way 20 feet? Five, ten, 15, 20. (yells, impact). Falls prone there. Yes, that would be-- 2d6, that puts it at, I rolled double sixes on that, so that's 12 points of damage. Yes he is. (yells, impact), as this whirlwind of-- LAURA and Yeah, as you see, of the roof itself up there, portions of the rooftop are cracking off and spinning into the void of wind that Keyleth's currently creating within herself. Portions of the tree branches are swirling into it as various leaves and dead plant life that had been scattered around the roof are all filling this giant vortex that has appeared on the roof of the Margrave's house, tearing into both of the archers. One of them flung off, landing face-first, the other one-- Takes half damage. Okay. All right. Five points of bludgeoning damage. All right. Does that finish your turn? All right. Pike, you're up. Okay. Spiritual Weapon. As a cleric. That's a level... two? We'll use this metal d20, where do you want to place it? We'll say in this central area there. What weapon of Sarenrae's retribution would you want to summon in spiritual form upon Kevdak? Okay, so a large greathand sword, almost a light reflection mirror-image of the Craven Edge that nearly tore the soul from your friend-- You see a large light blade of Sarenrae's wrath emerges out of the stonework in the center of the square. Floats in the air for a second, and you want to go ahead and make that, and this is your bonus action-- If you want to use your action to cast a spell, you can't do higher than a level two right now. Because of the limitations on spells in our homebrew. However, do you want to have it attack Kevdak? All right. Go ahead and roll for the damage. With advantage. Wait 'til the surprise round's over. All right, so, you're looking at 4d8. Well, that's only on your melee attack, it's not your actual spells. So roll 4d8, multiply that by two. Critical hit. You roll 4d8 times two. So 22 plus your wisdom modifier. So 30. Half that to 15. As the blade strikes down onto the now currently brutalized Kevdak who is still held in place angrily being whaled upon by the majority of you. So what else do you want to do this turn, if anything? You can move, you have an action. It lasts for a minute, and it's not concentration. As a bonus action you can make it move and attack every round, so. Here? You could. Make an acrobatics check. What's the total? Fresh off the 20. Pike looks over the edge, leaps, hits a little bit to the side, her feet actually break-- from the weight of the armor and the angle you hit, break some of the shingles on the rooftop and you end up slipping onto your shield and you slide off the roof. And end up on the ground there. All right, Pike, that ends your turn. Now. I get to do some more stuff. All right, so. Three of these individuals, some of which you may have passed in your time, and two of which you see are members that were absorbed into the tribe from what was previously the Rivermaw tribe, (roar) give off these angry roars and go into an immediate rage, breaking the surprise element, and charge. Three of them on you, one of them goes darting across the field right towards you, Pike. With that, these, pull out this sheet here, these Herd of the Storm warmongers are going to go apeshit on your ass. Grog, that's six attacks on you. Because of the flanking rules, that's going to put four of them at advantage. First one is going to be an 18 to hit? Misses. The first one goes and swings towards you, and you duck underneath it and whoomph, misses you by a mile. However, as that's happening, another blade comes the other direction, that's going to be a 25? Natural 20. Third one, so one hit. Second one's going to be a 28, so that's two hits and a critical. And then one that doesn't have advantage on you with both strikes is going to be 23, that hits, and a 16 that misses. So. Four hits and one crit. All righty. So, the four hits first. That's going to be 15 points of slashing damage. Reduced to seven. Right. Ooh, 19 points of slashing damage, reduced to eight. 13 points of slashing damage, reduced to six. And another 13, reduced to six. Now for the crit. (counting) That's going to be 22 points of slashing damage on that, reduced to 11. Pike. So you're now surrounded on all sides, Kevdak's there before you, but you've now been completely swarmed in by three of these entities. Pike, this one rushes towards you, (battle-cry), this female half-elf, you can see a line of drool from her face with the sheer speed she was running and the froth that was forming at the corner of it. She leaps into the air, blade in front, and is going to come down on your tiny form. (counting) That's 28 to hit on the first one. And a 28. Rolled 18s on both advantage ones. Right, so two hits on you, you take 19 points of slashing damage from the first strike. Only because he's raging. 19 on the first strike, the second one is 13, so that's a total of 32 points of slashing damage to you. And that's going to end the barbarians' turn, everyone else finishes out surprise round, now we're back into full initiative, everyone's in play, top of the round, Vex, you're up. If you aimed specifically for something? It would be at disadvantage and a minus five to hit. I mean, he's paralyzed, so it would have advantage, so it would cancel out, it would be just a regular attack at minus five. Yes? It's a technical weapon, it's used essentially against structures, objects. It's an explosive in an arrow that is used primarily to destroy structures, yeah. I mean, it would hurt people like a regular arrow, and it might do a little bit extra, but-- Not that you know of, you don't have a full understanding of what the arrow's capable of. You did not create it. What're you doing? Hurry. Vax, you're on deck. Within five feet of him? And you're doing it at what level? Level three, so that's 3d10 points of piercing damage. All righty. Okay. So go ahead and make an attack against Kevdak, that is going to be-- Yeah, with advantage because it's not an aimed shot, so go ahead and take it. Are you serious? I've gotten like one. I've had two? That's true, that's true, I actually, could've been worse. All right, so. Go ahead and roll against Kevdak, that is going to be six, or 3d10 times two. Correct, yeah. 32 on him, reduce that to 16 piercing. All righty. And then all the rest of them have to make dexterity saving throws against your spell DC. What's your spell DC? This includes Grog. All right, so half damage to you, Grog. Which is halved again, one quarter, because there's a whole bunch of raging individuals. Two of them succeed as well and also take eight damage. And then one of them takes full damage at 16. All righty. So. That concludes your action. You want to move, or you going to stay where you are? It's going to be hard-pressed for you this turn to pull out your broom. I mean, you've been clutching your broom with you this whole time, you leaned it up against the wall as you hid down there? Okay. That brings us to the next in the initiative order, Vax. Okay. Shove them? All right, let's go ahead and do a shove action. Find myself on this one here-- all right, so, for shove-- I need you to go ahead and-- --make an athletics check. Yes. All right. To 20? That's going to be a 12. LAURA and So you shove it five feet. This way? All right, so it's going to go ahead and make an acrobatics-- Towards me? All right, this way. Shove, they do make an acrobatics check but they do land off the side here. So they take eight points of damage being pushed off the side. All righty. So that person's now fallen out of sight (yells), off the side. Yeah, the chimney should offer you enough, and you have a tree between the two of you anyway. Make a dexterity, make a stealth check. Okay. Well, sneak attack is if it's an attack with advantage anyway. Well, the shove was your action. Okay, hold on. Let me see if it's-- You don't have two actions, you have two attacks. Let me check and see if it is. There is a distinction there. Yeah, this attack replaces one of them, if you have multiple attacks, with the attack action, which you don't. So you have your offhand bonus and the haste one, so you do have-- Both hit. 36, half that to-- I know, that brings it to 36, 18. No, but it's half-damage for him. Okay, four damage, gotcha. Total 22 points of damage on him. As he's taking all these hits. All right. You do have a little bit of movement, because you-- All right. There we go. So you're now hidden up against that roof right below there, and your stealth check was 25 earlier, so we'll go with that. Move the board a little bit for the people that are watching so they can get a better view here. There we go. So you're over here. Right here, Liam. All right. So! That brings us to-- No, you're done, your turn's over. Yeah. All right, so. This archer here is going to turn, looking over at the-- let's see. He's currently handled, he's okay right there. This archer saw you firing. Over in that hide, he's going to turn to you. Archer's going to take two shots, pulling on his longbow, (arrow sounds). Two arrows at you, Percy. That is a 20 to hit on the first one. And a 25 on the second. First one is 11 points of piercing damage to you. Yep. All right. The second one is going to go ahead and do 13 points of piercing damage. Okay. Go ahead and roll for it. You catch the arrow in front of your face. (laughs) That's amazing. Okay. You can see from the distance the visage of this half-orc looks back as you do that and goes-- And goes to shakily-- hand reaching back for another arrow. This archer's going to go ahead and leap down onto here. Oh, you do get an attack of opportunity on him. Pretty sure that hits. Also rolled a natural 19 on the acrobatics check, so lands fine, but you do manage to do one attack worth of damage to him as he jumps down. Cool, so your elemental form swings wide, manages to slam the bottom of them as they leap down, sending them into a spin, but they do manage to catch themself because they're quite acrobatic. In doing so, they step up to the very edge here to their friend, who is currently on the ground, who is also going to get up there, and they're both going to look at each other, pull their arrows out, and they're going to go ahead and make a series of strikes. Let's see. This one here is going to go ahead and is going to shoot at Pike, because Pike's on the ground. And this one's going to go ahead and strike at Grog, because it can't see Percy over there through the tree. So Grog-- That is a 19. Misses you? (arrow sound) One arrow hits the bit of your shoulder armor right here and shatters off the bone. The second one, however, is a 26. All right, so. From that one, you take, I don't like that, cocked. Nine points of piercing damage. Reduced to four. The one that's taking two strikes at you, Pike, because you're on the ground, now. There is one individual attacking you that is on the other side of your body, so you're pretty visible from that point in time. However, the attack, because you are prone, it has disadvantage on the attack rolls with you because it's not within five feet of you. But it's going to go ahead and attempt to make it. Two 17s in a row. Plus ten, that's-- sorry, not plus ten, plus eight on the archers, yeah, plus eight. So that's 25? And natural one on the other disadvantage, so that misses. You take 13 points of piercing damage from one of the arrows, (arrow sound). So it's going to do there. They finish their turns. This one is going to, being pushed, shoved off, come around here. Is going to come over this way and hide to the side. Just going to watch what's happening. That finishes the archers' turn. Kevdak. (grunts) Unable to do anything, is going to attempt to make a saving throw. And that is going to be a total of 18. What's your DC? Oh man. All right, well, that ends Kevdak's turn. Scanlan, you're up. What're you doing now? So moving up to here. Yeah, you can do that. Yeah, if you get it there you can manage to hit all of them but Grog right there. One, two, three, four, five, six. All right, so go ahead and roll that. Kevdak automatically fails, because he's paralyzed. So does Greenbeard. All right, so. 34, reduced to half because he's raging. That brings it to six, no, 17. All right, and then Greenbeard takes 34. The other ones there, they do not get advantages because they're all just fighters, that's a failure, failure, what was the spell DC on the wand? Because it's different from yours. Okay, so that's a success. Success. So two of them over there take-- all right. All righty. Great, so (explosion). Giant burst of flame hits, it actually sets fire to this entire structure. The wooden barricade is in flames, we'll say for the purposes of considering that. All right, so. There we go. There is currently-- So those are on fire. All right. So. Down there? All right, make an acrobatics check. 19. You leap down and make it right there. Healing Word, okay. What's the range on it? He's just out of your range. You can do that, you can shout over the side. You have to get into view of her, which means you have to move a little bit closer to the edge, but yeah. Okay, so you get about there, glance off the side. All right. Go for it. All right, so go ahead and roll your heal for Pike. Grog, you're up next. Hey, it all helps. All right. And with that, Grog, you're up. You can, go for it. Your regular straight attack. You have advantage, and then it's disadvantage for that, so that brings it to a regular attack. Minus five. Because of the called shot. 23? Hits. With the minus five? Still hits. (cheering) So it's a d12. Because he's paralyzed and five feet away. This is with your axe, right? So with the axe, it's a d12 plus your raging bonus, plus your strength. Well, the rage bonus should be plus-- the total becomes plus-- Three plus-- four, isn't it, right now? So it should be seven. Yeah. You're not using your warhammer. You're not attuned to this weapon. So what'd you roll on the dice? 11. Technically it's a critical hit. So, I mean, it's a critical hit, so you do your brutal critical. You roll two more d12s. So it was an 11 times two, that's 22, plus seven, that's 29, plus 2d12. 34. 43 reduced to half, that's 21 points of slashing damage. With that, thunk, the blade finds its way into his side, as you hear cracking on the rock below him, the sound of the left gauntlet, (cracking) hitting the bottom of the square. The fingers twitch in the gauntlet as he's currently standing there with his left arm bisected from the rest of his body. No. Okay, straight into his back? 22 hits. 28, half that is 14. So you're hacking into him, you see the wounds are opened and his body is shaking from the amount of pain that's wracking him at this time. He's still holding up against a lot of damage that's come to him, but he's starting to look a little rough. You can, yeah. That will heal you, a superior, let's see. Superior is 8d4 plus eight. Your superior, that's the expensive one you guys got. All right, so you heal 20. All right, that ends your turn, Grog. All righty. Unless you want to move. I mean, you have, you wouldn't be able to wield your axe. Next turn, if you want to try it. They're all going to get an attack on you. All right. All right, so that finishes your turn, Grog. Next up is Greenbeard, who is currently frozen in place, however, rolls an 18 plus five, as far as, his wisdom is plus ten, so that puts him at 28. So he resists the Hold Person and is currently no longer affected by that. All right, that finishes his turn, though, because that's the end of his turn. Percy, you're up. Probably a little bit of column A, a little bit of column B. What was it? 28 hits. Non-sharpshooter? Okay. 14 points of piercing damage and he gets shoved off the back of the roof, he's going to make an acrobatics check, which he succeeds, so he lands down there and he only takes one point of damage from the fall, but. There you go. Fungal moss on his whole neck and chest area. All right. Okay, all right, so that's going to end your turn? Keyleth, you're up. Right here? 13 strength saves on both of them. Archers-- all right. That's a natural 19 plus two, and two natural 19s in a row. Yeah, they both make their saves. 19 halved? All right, so that puts them at nine points of bludgeoning damage each. Not really having much of an effect at this point in the fight, however, as you swirl around, picking up the debris from the roof as you can, it slams into them and they brace against it, but they still, glancing over their shoulder, realize that they've got to continue what they're doing now. The bigger threat appears to be out in front of them. Right, right, so you're up in there. Up in their shit. There you go. No. All righty. Finished your turn? All right. Pike, you're up. They're on you, right? So you're getting up, that's half your movement to stand up, all right. This way? What're you doing? Ashley, what're you doing? So your Sprinter's Boots activate, which gives you double movement. Right? So you can move 50 feet. But you moved up, it took you 25 to stand up because it's half your speed to get up from prone, so you still have 25 feet you can move. This side? All right, so you move. Here? Right? Okay, so you rush over there. That one guy takes a swing at you as you rush by, gah!, or girl I should say, the female half-elf swings with the giant blade. That's going to be a 23? Okay. As the blade smacks you from behind as you rush past, you suffer 14 points of slashing damage. In your back. But you keep running around the edge. All right, what are you doing? All righty. What you got, Ashley? What you got, what you doing? And you're done? You're healed up? Okay, that's the end of your turn. You have a bonus action still if you want. Okay, so go ahead and swing for the attack on that one. Well, I mean, yeah, you have advantage. You have advantage on the attack, by the way, he's paralyzed. He's still paralyzed. Add your spell attack. It's okay, you've been away for a while. 22? That hits. So go ahead and roll your 3d8, I think it is, no, 4d8. Plus your wisdom modifier, which is plus-- what's your wisdom modifier? Yeah. No, it's not attack, it's your wisdom modifier, but what's the dice, the dice are doubled because it's a critical hit. 36, half that to 18. Then add your wisdom modifier. Plus four. All right, so. Half of that would be two, so 20. 20 points of damage to him from the strike of that. All righty, that finishes your turn. Kind of, right now, yeah. First, the woman who just swung past you is going to go ahead and rush around the corner as well and follow you, since you got out of the way. Rush into and go after you, Pike. The three that are on you, Grog, are still going to, after watching you cut one of Kevdak's arms off, roar angrily around you, all three of them (roar), and go into another round of angry, angry strikes against you. All right, so that comes to you, Grog, since you did reckless attack on him for the stuff, they all have advantage on you anyway, so all the attacks are with advantage, that's six attacks. That's a natural 20. (yelling) 24 on the fourth. 26 on the fifth. No, they all, five hits and one crit. They all hit, yeah. Reckless attack puts you in a bad position when you're surrounded with guys that can do multiple hits that are also barbarians. We'll do the crit first on you. You already used the Stone's Resistance. Oh, the barbarian, yeah. So that'll help. Seven plus eight, 15, reduced to half, that's seven. So I'll give you the direct amounts here. So this is with the reduction. So that's seven points of slashing damage. Another seven. Another seven. Here we go. That's a nine. Not that great. That's a six. And then now the crit. And then I thought differently but I didn't say it out loud, but because you're calling me on it, I'll let it happen. Okay. That was double sixes. So that's 22 plus eight is 30, so 15 points of slashing damage. On all those strikes against you. Pike? Two attacks on you. That's a natural 20. And that's 15. No, so. That is a one and two, so that's three, six plus eight, you take 14 points of slashing damage from this barbarian female who's all up on your grill. Ending that turn, it's now the druid's turn over here. End of surprise round, the druid's going to rush forward here. And do a 5th-level Cure Wounds. On Kevdak. All right, we're looking at 5d8. Yeah, it's too high, or no, okay. So. It's at a fifth level. Go ahead and roll for it, adding, so it's d20 plus five, plus two because of your bardic knowledge. Roll a d20, add seven. Let me check here real fast. Plus the spell's level. Yeah. It's dispelled. Yeah, Counterspell. (cheering) Okay. (laughs) All right. That ends his turn. Now. So. This guy here, let's see. Got to stand up for this one, pardon me. We'll say for the sake of this, going to put him up there. This guy jumps up this way. Too bad. These two guys rush forward and grab these innocents here. Yeah, into the middle here, towards the fire. Pushing them towards the fire with what remains of their movement. Let's see, this guy's going to move in towards Grog there. This archer's going to get back up-- Well actually, no, archers aren't part of this movement. This guy here's going to move into Grog there. I don't know what to tell you, man. These guys here, seeing, hah. This guy's going to be up with this one here. This guy can't really get over there, so he's going to go ahead and rush forward. Because they're-- yeah, you guys can do it, they can do it too. And they're pretty strong. So he basically runs up, puts the sword on his back, jumps up onto the roof, pulls the weapon. He doesn't manage to get an attack on you, because it took all of his movement to get up there. But he gets up there. Right now, you're not a huge threat to them at the moment and they're both going to focus actually on you, Scanlan. When it gets around to their turn, though. This guy's going to go ahead and pull both of these innocent folk in front of them as a shield. This guy's going to get freaked out, rush around the building and try to escape there. Okay. So! Bringing us into the combat portion of the round, Grog, you have two more attacking you. This is the bladestorms. With advantage, that's going to be a 14. 18? So first one, both attacks swinging across you, you're feeling it on your back, but it's catching most of your armor and part of your flesh that is nice and calloused and does not really do any damage. The second one rolls a 20. Second one, and second attack on the second one is a 21. Yeah. Okay. So you get a critical and hit on this one. So this is the bladestorm. Critical is going to be 16, eight points of slashing damage on that one. And the next one's going to be four points of slashing damage. This is already halved. Just so you know. So that's that round there. Against Pike, only one of them could get to you and still attack this round, so Pike, that's 19? And that's going to be a 15. So one strikes against you, hits the back of the armor and streaks off, so you spin around as the second blade comes around and you deflect it with the shield angrily. That brings us back to the top of the initiative order. Vex, you're up. Oh, there was the one guy that got up there with movement. Thank you for the reminder. So before that happens, actually, reminder, this one did have enough movement to get up there and still get attacks off on you. That's going to be a 13 with the first strike. Misses, second one's going to be a 22. All right, that's going to be 17 points of slashing damage from that greatsword, whoosh. I need you to go ahead and make a concentration check. Yeah, you have Warcaster, so you have advantage on that. It's a constitution. So 17. Going to check it real fast, concentration here-- plus ten, half the damage you take. So that would be ten, yeah, you maintain concentration. All right, Vex, you're up. Where do you want to go? You're going to scoot by here? Okay, it's a good thing Kevdak is paralyzed, because otherwise he'd get an attack on you. This will put you in range for their strikes, so you're going to have to stay in place or move past and suffer five attacks of opportunity. But for you to get low enough to hand him that, they all have big double greatswords, and they're-- well, half of them are half-giants. So you can do this. As you swish up, which you've already said you're going to do, you fly up and you reach down. With the locket and you hand over to him, do you-- Okay. So you just hold it there? Oh. I misunderstood what you were trying to do. All right, so, what-- What's it say again? Yeah. So, Grog, are you willing? And with that, as you reach down and touch Grog with it, you see Grog's form shimmer for a second into dark shadow, and then vanish inside-- Okay. So Grog is currently off the table as he's locked inside the gauntlet. Where are you going? As you rush away, you do get-- Back here, you mean? Okay. We'll say for the purposes of this, you are back here. As you fly off from doing this, all of them swing wide at you, that's five attacks of opportunity against you. That's 20. That is 17. Well, it's Aid, you have 15 extra hit points. So that's what it is. Yeah, Aid just gives you guys extra hit points. So anyway. 17. Doesn't hit. All right. So three more attacks. That was cocked. 19? All right, 26? And that's 19 again. So four attacks hit you. First one is for 14 points of slashing damage. Next one, hoo, that's eight, 12 points of slashing damage. Nine plus four-- another 13 points of slashing damage. And the last one. That's going to be 15 points of slashing damage. You streak off as all these blades hammer into your side, cutting the bottom of your feet, one of them hits you in the back of the neck and curves across your lower back, and as you pull away clutching it, you look at your hand with the blood pooling in the middle of your palm, and you look at the gem with a faint glimmer of a form of a human inside the gem that's currently mingling with all the blood that's smeared across your body, as all of a sudden you coast around, through the air, the wind whirling past you, and you spin around towards the top of the Margrave's estate. And you can hear the blood in your body-- (heartbeat sounds)-- in your ears as you start getting a little dizzy and realizing just how rough you are at the moment from that exchange. Technically you'd probably be higher than this. Up there, if you wanted to fly around. Okay. So. That ends your turn? Vax, you're up. Yes. Oh, you mean, dodge off--? Towards the tree, drop off here? You do. Okay. (laughter) 22! As you dart past, this blur of dark motion swings towards you, and where it is about to catch some of the armor, there's a burst of black feathers that lift behind where the blade struck through. As you dart up right into the face of Kevdak, who's like, (strained sound), trying desperately to resist the effect of this. Go for it. Advantage on the attacks. Well, 32 plus six, because he takes half-damage. Right, 72 halved puts you at 36. All right. So yeah, so as you rush up, you slam your dagger square into the side of his body, and as you push it inside, you can see his eyes glancing back down towards you, held in place, his arm broken, still dangling from the little elements of ligaments that keep it shifting there. With the impact of the slam, it swings from the sheer force of the blow. As you push the blade to the hilt and even further in, you feel your hands actually push into the wound itself about an inch, your fingers getting dark and wet with the crimson gore of the interior of his body. As you push up inside, you pull back, pulling the blade around, in your pommel, and jam it over the top of the shoulder, into the side of his body, the muscle flexes from the tension of the Hold Person spell, managing to reduce a portion of the damage, but it left a pretty serious wound. Okay. He does not get an attack of opportunity on you because he is paralyzed, and the guy already took one against you so he already used his reaction, you rush past him. You do not have enough movement to get to the top, but you do get to the corner right where the barrel is. Okay? That ends your turn. It's now the archers' turn. This guy here is going to go ahead, he's out of range of you, Marisha. Shoving this barrel off the side to try and get away from you. Marisha, you do get an attack of opportunity, it does fall and hit the barrel next to you, I mean, next to Vax. It doesn't hit you, but it spooks you momentarily as it slams onto the barrel next to your side and rolls off. What'd you get, Keyleth? Ten total? Misses. What'd you roll? 16 versus the archer? 17. Just misses. They're both, having now made out the connection between the mooning and Kevdak holding himself in place, they're both trying to take you out. One of them has disadvantage because you're in its spot and it couldn't get away from you, it had nowhere to go really. So one's taking two attacks at you, Scanlan. That is going to be, heh, a 12. And a 26. The other one's going to have two attacks with disadvantage against you. That's, even with disadvantage, that's a 21. And the other one with disadvantage is a 15. Yeah, it's true. So three attacks hit you. The first one is going to be, all right. That's a full ten plus-- 14 points of piercing damage. Go ahead and roll your concentration. So roll and add two. Because it's plus your constitution. 19? Okay. The next attack deals five points. Go ahead and roll again with advantage. Damn. All right. And the third one. Yeah, what's your constitution saving throw, it's plus two, right? Last one does 11 points of piercing damage to you. And make another series of checks for concentration. Fine. That Warcaster feat, man. Okay, that finishes those two guys. This one here's off to the side, this one's going to go ahead and turn around this way and get around the edge. Actually, he's going to-- This one over here didn't notice you swing by over the top, swoosh overhead. It does see Percy on the roof that shot it, you do have partial cover, so. We'll say that's half cover, so plus two to your AC against this guy's two arrow shots against you. All righty. That is 26 to hit. All right. Second strike. Same thing, 26. 18 and 18. So that's nine points of piercing damage with the first shot. And 14 points of piercing damage with the second one. What are you contesting it with? How many times can you use that? Yeah. So go ahead and make the attempt. 14 points, yeah. So go ahead and mark that. Okay. And this guy over here at the very top moves over as well and is going to go ahead and take two more shots at Scanlan. Since there's currently not a whole lot he can see in the area that's a threat to him, near this gleaming beacon of pink and purple up on the rooftop another friend of his is currently whaling on, so. Two attacks against you. That's going to be a 19. And 23. All right. You take another six points of piercing damage. Go ahead and make your-- What was it? 20? Okay. Second one is 14 points of piercing damage. And with that, the Hold Person fades, concentration lost from the barrage of arrows from the nearby Herd archers. You hear a roar across the battlefield, (roars). Currently with one busted arm, no arm on the other side, Kevdak is screaming in terrible pain and anger. All right, archers finish their turn. It comes to Kevdak's turn. He's going to go ahead and use his bonus action to go ahead and use Second Wind. Heals 17 hit points on that, rolled a ten. He is then going to-- let's see. Huh. Yeah, he has no axe. He reaches over and picks up your hammer. Oh, yeah, no, actually no, he can't do that right now. Yeah, he turns to one of his subordinates to the side and says, "One of you, pick that up. The "rest of you, kill them." And looks over to the other two innocent that are on the ground right now. He then is going to go ahead and start moving over towards Greenbeard. Yes? A Spiritual Weapon is technically not a creature. It doesn't get a reaction. It's only on a bonus action you get a chance to attack with it. Yeah. He's going to move over here, around the flames, up to Greenbeard. Okay. That finishes his turn, there's not much else he can do at this point. Scanlan, you're up. What're you doing, Scanlan? How many-- Okay, where, in the center here at Kevdak? That would hit that archer. It would hit those innocents there, both of those innocents. Yeah, with your angle, you could angle it this way. Yeah, it would. Yep. So Scanlan fires the Fireball at Kevdak, it detonates. Kevdak, save for that, yeah, he makes his save. Because it's DC 15. Greenbeard also makes his save. 42. Damn. (counting) Ten. So Kevdak takes ten points of fire damage. Because he made his save for half damage, and then he takes half that from his rage. Greenbeard takes 21. He's looking rough, Greenbeard is now burned and (grunts) is looking a bit frenzied at this point. The archer does make the save, high dex, they take 21 points on him. This archer there also makes it. However, that one's taken-- no, that one hasn't taken a lot of damage, it was that one over there. This one here does also make his save. That guy there does make his save, they're all rolling 15 or above on this. This guy here rolls a natural 20 on his save. Well, that was the innocent there. It's still 21 points of damage for a peasant, he is incinerated and you hear the horrible scream of pain as-- First thing you killed in this fight was an innocent villager. And with that scream that echoes in the back of your mind, knowing the decision you made, a little part of your heart sinks in your chest. However, Keyleth, I need you to go ahead and make a dexterity save as well. All right, so you take 21 points of fire damage. And actually, that guy technically would be-- yeah, that innocent there would also be in range. He doesn't make his save, he is also incinerated. Both of them burn. All right. So. As a Healing Word spell? A creature you can see within range, so no, you have to be able to see her to aid her. Which you could do if you wanted to risk it. So yeah, you get over this side here. All right, so you move around him. And you see Pike now surrounded by a number of the barbarians. You can use your bonus action to heal her if you'd like. How do you inspire her? (singing) Take your d10. Ends Scanlan's turn. That's the end of your turn. Grog, you are sealed. You have no turn. Brings us to Greenbeard, who's in a rough place right now. Greenbeard is going to go ahead and finally do something. "Kevdak. Protect the Herd." And he reaches forward and touches him. As he's right there. That's Heal. Okay, so that's a 6th-level. Go ahead and roll, add seven, and you have to get 16 or higher. What level are you casting Counterspell at? No, Heal, 70. Old version was almost all your hit points. At fifth level? All right, so you're casting it at fifth level. Counterspell, mark that off. Less than or equal to the level of the spell slot you use. So it is fifth level, doesn't do anything. Because what fifth level does is it increases the equal level of the spell to cancel. Fifth level, it's a 6th-level spell, so now you just roll. So now roll. Add seven. You're trying to get 16 or higher. No. With that, Greenbeard reaches out and touches Kevdak. Kevdak roars in pain as all of a sudden the muscles and tendons in his arm reform and in his still-wounded but now-functional arm, he crushes the gauntlet in his hand. "Bring me the other!" And you see the other one who was over there reach for the gauntlet. Greenbeard is now going to go ahead and back behind here, trying to get behind the tree as he now notices he's in the open. Done his business in that moment. No, as a bonus action, he's going to go ahead and turn into an earth elemental. All right. Now. Percy, you're up. Kevdak was on the cusp. He does. Yeah. He continues to rage if he's taken damage since the last round. He's taken a lot of damage. It's over here right now, it's on the ground. All right, go ahead and make an acrobatics check. Oh right, this is a jump, so this would be athletics. I'll say you can make an acrobatics with disadvantage or an athletics with a single roll. Since this is actually the strength of the run, it's not a big distance, so it's not a huge DC for a jump, but it's your call. What do you want to do? All right. Go for it. What'd you roll? You rolled a one? So, as you leap off the side, your foot hits the edge of the tile, and the blade behind you swings. Which I believe is going to hit you with a 20. Is that your AC? 18, yeah. You take seven plus four, 11 points of slashing damage. The blow, however, is just enough to throw you off-kilter, and you go plummeting down into the alleyway. Falling prone. You can use your movement to get back up, the remainder of your movement, but you can't move from there. The fall does deal an additional five points of bludgeoning damage. All right, so you get back up-- You're now in this alleyway right here facing this line here is all you can really see from your perspective. You can see Vax, you can see Kevdak, and you can see this dude here, and an archer, but has partial cover because of the-- Okay. Second Wind? Second Wind, man. A headshot? With the big gun? Right, so you're using the trickshot on him. That hits. All right. 26 points of piercing damage, reduced to half, 13. Constitution, yeah, that's a 23. He's got a high constitution, saving throws, it's kind of his thing. Same thing, sharpshooter? Any other trickshots you're going to use, or? Deadshot, anything you want to use? I could switch it up, if you want. Okay, for deadeye shot? Go for it. With the minus five? Yeah. Great, yeah, so go ahead and roll damage on that. 36 halved to 18. That's your three attacks. Shot, reloaded, shot. Okay, angry Percy's angry. As part of the function, it's like-- You can use your action as a dash, so you could. All right, so your fourth attack is a reload, fifth is an attack. Go for it. Is this deadeye as well or just regular? Okay, sharpshooter, go for the shot. 23 hits. Hah, you rolled a 20-sider instead of a 12? 16 points of piercing damage, all right. And a reload. That's your turn. Percy is done, dealing a grand total of 47 points of damage in that round. (cheering) Okay, Ryan, I need the mini-box that was not brought. Dammit, Sam. All right, for the time being, I'll use this one here. All right, so Keyleth, you revert back. We'll use this barmaid for the time being. All right, so, Keyleth, what are you doing? You dropped form. Oh, shit. All right. What are you firestorming, where, what are you doing? Ten ten-foot cubes. So how do you want to arrange this here? You can do there, which would burst off the corner, it would hit Kevdak, the archer, and Greenbeard. All right, the tree is spared. Okay, so we have there. There. You'd be able to get one that wouldn't actually hit any of them. Six, seven, and that's about all you can get. Eight, nine, ten, it wouldn't be able to get that far over. I mean, you could-- (counting). You could probably get this section there, yeah. Because they're all pretty clustered, just barely. Go ahead and roll damage on that, Keyleth. I'd say you'd be able to get this guy, this guy you wouldn't be able to, but all the rest of these you could. As long as you get over there. 7d10. Dexterity saving throws, correct, against your spell DC? 29 total points of fire damage? Hm. Okay. Kevdak takes-- he failed his save, but he takes half that, so 14 points of fire damage. Yep. Greenbeard takes the full. 29. Yeah, Greenbeard's taking earth elemental damage now. That archer, that archer burns up, archer screams in pain as it incinerates from the Firestorm. That bladestorm there takes 29 damage. That guy there, they all take 29 damage. That druid fails. 29 damage there. That druid and the rest of them, fail, success, fail with a one, fail. Fail with another one. Okay, so 29, all righty. All right, cool. All righty. So. That finishes your turn with a Firestorm? Too high-level, you can't do it, Grasping Vine's a 4th-level spell. You can only do up to a second level as a bonus. You can't see Pike right now, Pike is out of the room. Currently, roll a perception check. Nope. You do not see Vex, you have no idea where she is right now, you just saw her. Scanlan you can see over there, but even then he's too far away for a Healing Word, I think. Pike, you're up. Correct, there are three, ah. There are five there total, actually. That's good to know. There's four of them there. No, it's fine. There we go. That'll work. Well, technically it doesn't work that way. All right. All right, so. What's the DC on that? MATT and That's a failure. That's a failure. That's a 20, so that succeeds. That's a failure. So one of them succeeded, three of them didn't. So. Does that end your turn? Your bonus action still, what are you going to do? You do still have Spiritual Weapon up if you want to use your bonus action to do that. The Spiritual Weapon can only move 20 feet. It can only move 20 feet as a bonus action. But you can't see him right now, you'd have to move over to have him in view. One of them would, if you were to try and dodge past, yeah. What do you want to do? It's up to you. What do you want to do? Go ahead and make an acrobatics check as you try to tumble in your armor between the legs of one of the guys in front of you. Whatever your acrobatics is. What is it? 14. Let me double-check here real fast. Let me deal with it, guys. You don't want to prod me right now. Let's see the roll there. All right, so you manage to barely push past, but you do trigger a second attack of opportunity to do so. From that guy, that big half-orc there that gets in your way. So that's two strikes against you, that is a natural 20. And that's going to be a 13. So that is a pretty low roll, ten points of slashing damage. What are you at? What're you at? So as you dodge past, get slammed by two blades, you arc around the corner and they're all looking at each other, confused, some of them affected by this magic they aren't expecting, and you rush around and you see in the distance Kevdak, who's now getting shot a couple times, gets set on fire, flames burst up, and he starts screaming out in pain. As you turn the corner, you look over at your Spiritual Weapon, and you can nudge it forward. Right there, its full movement, 20 feet. Go ahead and make an attack with your spell attack modifier. Does not have advantage because he is no longer paralyzed. 20 hits. Go ahead and roll damage. So 4d8 plus four. Still halved, but. Plus four. 24 halved, to 12. Yeah, I know. So the blade drifts over and in a giant arc swings down with a resounding shining metallic slam. The blade streaks through and cuts this swath, the blade doesn't stop, it passes through and leaves this scar across his body of burned radiant energy. (grunt of pain) Looks over and glares at you from across the open cobblestone of this marketplace, and you see for a second that look that Grog saw that caused him to drop his weapon, you suddenly feel this quake in your soul. This is a powerful entity whose hatred is now bent on you. You can if you'd like to. You may take more attacks of opportunity, though. In order for her to move further, you might move out of combat with the other guys that are there. The Command move means on their next turn they attack each other. Doesn't mean that they're charmed or dominated. That would've been ten feet, you can move 15 more. Yeah. But you will take two attacks of opportunity if you move out of range of these two. You can move 25 total because of your tiny feet. You moved ten, you have 15 more feet you can move. Okay. Barbarians are going now. This one picks up the gauntlet and is going to rush over. And bring it to Kevdak, and he's going to go ahead and hold it there, as Kevdak takes his arm and-- The arm is still in it, yeah. And he looks at it and takes it with his free hand and clutches it to his chest. And looks around at the other ones, says, "We're going." And he-- Yes, he has no weapons, his weapon was pulled away from him. Oh, brought the hammer, he brings up the hammer as well, but he doesn't-- No, he has no weapon on him currently. He tried to reach for it, but he had no functioning arm at the time. He told someone to pick it up, so someone has your flaming warhammer. These guys here are going to move over here. Move over here. And that one's going to be attacking Pike. Over here, that's two attacks on Pike. That's going to be a 13? And a 14. Rolled really low on that one. You hear the growl behind you, and without even turning your head, you slam your shield up and deflect one of the blows. Look over your shoulder and glare at it as another one comes down, and this-- you take your mace and swing it in a wide arc over and slam their blade against the stone wall of the side, deflecting the entire attack. As that's happening, both of those guys go forward. Two and a one. Goes up against one of the peasants and strikes and the peasant ducks out of the way and manages to avoid the attacks. This guy here with the giant club goes down and dodges one of the attacks, the other one does come down at 11, yeah, this peasant gets smashed. No, this was the drunker guy. All right. That ends their turn, it's the druids' turn now. This druid here is going to move forward, seeing you over there, Vax. Reaches out towards you as it only has its 4th-level spells and lower left, because of you, you Counterspell motherfucker. It's going to go ahead and cast Blight on you, Liam. I'm going to need you to go ahead and make a constitution saving throw, as the druid reaches out at you with its hand and says, "Kevdak! Inside!" and concentrates, gripping out. This female goliath, you can see with these thick braids in the back of her head, pulled into a very, very tight braid down to the lower part of her back, reaches out and grasps. You feel the blood begin to pool in parts of your body and your veins turn dark around. Yes. Total. All right. You take 41 points of necrotic damage. As you feel the energy pulse through your entire body and it's like all the blood in your body momentarily becomes toxic. Your vision blurs and you feel the dizziness hit you and you almost stumble to one knee but you catch yourself against the wall. That ends the druids' turn. Now the blademongers are going to go. All right. These guys are all going to attack each other. Except for that one. Well, one of them's going to go ahead and attack Pike, because it was the one that wasn't affected by the Command spell. That's going to be a 19. No? Okay! And a 13. No. Cannot hit this armored little gnome, who's pushed against the wall, and you're deflecting blows and taking hits against the armor that are denting the front of it, and you're grinning and bearing it. These guys are attacking each other now. That is seven-- it hits. They can't hit you but they can hit each other. Two attacks against that guy, and then the other guy. Both hit. So the first guy takes 14. 24 points of damage. Ends up-- That guy there then also takes 22 points of damage on them. Okay. They start hacking into each other with their blades suddenly, trying to figure out what's happening. And technically another barbarian strikes, so the third one who actually missed you? That would've been an attack against its own guy, because that was the one that didn't hit, so he would've been-- Once again against this guy. So he deals an additional 13 points of damage against one of the other ones. Okay. Got you. So that finishes their turn there. So these guys here are going to move around the fire, this guy's going to move up here. Yeah. This guy here is going to go ahead and move one, two, three. And then using Greenbeard, who reaches out and grabs him with his elemental arm and alley-oops him up onto the roof. With the acrobatics roll. Rolls a one. This guy gets slammed into the side and falls back to the ground, missing his turn. Yeah, (laughs). Greenbeard miscalculates and actually slams him against the wall. And then the goliath sort of slides down. Takes four points of bludgeoning damage from that. (laughter) A three. And 14. No, he's going to hit the kid. Kid gets cleaved. They're now trying to find a way to draw you out. They're taking turns doing this, keeping, as each person they strike down they look about the rooftops again for more of you. That's going to go ahead, and these guys here are going to go ahead and start swarming over towards the front. This guy here (counting) can't quite get to you, Vax. This guy here, seeing Percy jump down, is going to go ahead and jump down to meet you from behind. See if he makes his. He fails on a two. He falls prone. Takes-- He takes 12 points of falling damage However, he does use the rest of his movement to stand back up and is going to take two swings at you, Percy. That's going to be a 23 to hit? Correct. Okay. Second one's a natural 20. So the first strike hits you for 12 points of slashing damage. Second strike, double ones on the crit, so that's four, eight points of slashing damage with the second hit. (laughs) I rolled double ones on his crit, that's really frustrating. You're fine with that. All right, that ends their turn, top of the round, Vex, you're up. As you're standing there now, bleeding profusely, holding the necklace that holds Grog, what are you doing? Yeah, that's 50. All right. All right. I'll say essentially because you held your action last turn, if you wanted to go ahead and take your action to do a drop attack on this point here. Yeah, I'd say it's your bonus action to do it, yeah. So, Grog, you were released, falling down to land on top of Kevdak with the bloodaxe in a downward arc. Go ahead and roll an attack. Yeah. Up to you. Ones and twenties, man, you got to stop this. And that's why he did reckless. (screaming and cheering) With the Brutal Critical at this level, how many extra dice is it for you? But then that's gone up since you leveled previously. So you are now at, I believe-- so Brutal Critical, yeah, 13 increases to two. So you roll an additional 2d12 on the attack. So roll 1d12 plus, you're not raging anymore, because you spent the last round. All right, so plus three. Ten. Plus two more d12s. You only double the first roll. 42, brings it to 21 damage. How do you want to do this? (screaming and cheering) As the shadow fires from the necklace as she holds it aloft, bleeding and shaking, you appear, and dive down in silence. The square coming towards you, as Kevdak, clutching in the one nearly ruined arm, the other arm that you bisected, is turning the corner, about to open the door to dive into the house to avoid it, looks up just in time to see you streaking down. What do you do? With the sheer force of the blow, the weight behind it, and the intent, the axe hits him right in the side of the neck, cleaves off part of his ear, shaves off part of his skin here, exposing the jawbone, hits here, breaks the clavicle, tears through, and every single rib is destroyed. It cuts right through the center of this giant body until it gets to about the midsection where it catches, finally. The upper torso splits open and covers you with gore, however, you still impact, not raging. You take-- 25 points of fall damage from the impact. And 21 points under. You have that barbarian ability-- Would that be part of this? If you drop to zero hit points while raging, you're not raging. So yeah. As you shout, the blow, in a very Superman-versus-Doomsday way, cleaves him in half, and as you slam into the ground, you pull the axe free as your shattered legbones give under and you fall to the ground. You smile as you see his form crumple, and then you (impact) face-first into the ground before him. It's still your turn. You watch as every single Herd member in the entire open square gasps at this whole sight. They all turn hearing you scream "For Strongjaw" and see this happen. As Kevdak's body slumps to the ground, it shrinks back down to its average size, and you crumple to the ground, smiling, and fall next to him. And everyone takes a moment of breathless silence. What are you doing, Vex? Okay. What's the speed of the broom? It should say on the broom how fast you can move on it. Here we go, I'll find it for you. Just a moment, guys. Broom of Flying. Speed of 50 feet. So you moved from over here, which would have put you-- it's about 50 to get there. So you could use your action to dash with it, you'd land, that's all you could do. Yeah, it's an action to feed a potion to anyone. What are you going to do, Vex? Hurry up. Okay. Okay. If you want to. Make an intimidation check. Don't hit the table, I was going to go inspect it. No, I trust you guys. I trust you guys. This is going to be an interesting night to explain to the internet, guys. All right. Okay. So. At this point in time, you watch as Greenbeard's form shrinks down and shifts back into his goliath form, still busted, he's looking down at the destroyed, crumpled body of Kevdak, and you there on the ground as well, looking up at you above and hovering. He looks over at the other goliaths nearby here that are rushing in, and they all step out and backwards, inspecting this body. There's a pause, a moment of pause. But they've all paid attention to what you said. That ends your turn. It is now the archers' turn. I'm sorry, you're up next. So you move around. Okay. So you run past there? Okay, so you'd be leaping, technically onto the body of Kevdak is what you'd be doing. So you land onto Kevdak's form, very angry slash, I'll say for the purposes of this you're there, because Kevdak's body is way too big right now to put on the field. All right, you land. With your hasted movement, make an acrobatics check for the jump. Yeah, you scale up, run, leap, land there, feet sinking into the body. Okay. It's the archers' turn. This archer has its arrow trained on you and is going to hold its action. This archer here is going to move up to see what's happened, dashing to look out and see what happened, doesn't get its turn. This archer here, who's now moved, moves over to this side with its arrow trained on you as well. It's also going to hold its action. And they're all looking at each other at this Mexican standoff moment where they're all poised and ready. Everyone's holding their actions right now. It would be Kevdak's turn, Scanlan, you're up. Okay, so you run down. Okay. The guy who was up against you has looked over and is not paying attention at this moment. Make a stealth check. 13. As you rush down the thing, he looks over, looks at you and goes, "Hey. Hey!" And can't even catch you, you're too fast. Make an acrobatics check as you leap off the roof. 19. You gnomish three-point-land in this square. You're right next to Pike now, you've landed next to her. As you're around the corner now, you see Scanlan (impact) right next to you. You've got about 15 more feet you can move if you wanted to. No, not at the moment. I mean, I could say if you wanted to, you could move half your movement and take her with you. Okay, you take her hand. You and Pike move there, holding each other's hand. Okay. Go ahead and roll the heal on that. I also want you to go ahead and make a persuasion check. Yeah. So you go to zero, and then eight. Yes. Okay. Good to know. Finishes your turn, Scanlan--? Yes, you do. I will say for the purposes of this, because I want to do this, this is ridiculous. I will say Grog is now currently being held aloft right there. As the hand is clutching Grog Strongjaw, lifting him up into the air, you're conscious now as the hand's holding you on its back and you get up from one knee. Grog, it's your turn. Clatters to the ground at the feet of one of the nearby bladestorms. It stops at his foot. He looks at it, picks it up. They all look at each other and Greenbeard hobbles out, still wounded and hurt, into the center of this area. Greenbeard's his name. Steps out into the middle, looking up at you. "Strongjaw. You stand above us all. In a way." (laughter) Make a persuasion check with advantage. With advantage on that. I don't think it works for abilities. (laughs) Bing! Strongjaw. It's a little late for that. It's okay. At this point Greenbeard sizes you up from a distance. Everyone else is waiting for a word, you can see everyone is hand on the side of their weapons looking at each other and there's this extremely tense air. Greenbeard turns around and looks to two of the individuals near the front of the building and goes, "Bring out Zanror." And the two of them go inside the door and close it behind them. They step inside the building and there's this long silence. You wait for 30 seconds. You can, yes. Are you going to step up? You can see him, yeah. You're going to cast Heal? As you begin to go for your holy symbol, you can see two of the warriors behind you twitch for their weapons. The door slams open from the front of the Margrave's home. You see as the two individuals come out with chains over their shoulders as they drag out into the center two individuals. You see another half-giant goliath man, one that you've all seen once before on your way to Kraghammer months and months ago. Well. Yeah, about. You see him swollen in the face, bruised, and in shackles, dragged out and thrown to the ground. And the other one holds over his shoulder another chain. He pulls out behind him a half-giant woman with the hair on the sides of her head shaved, one single long mane of hair, and it looks like she's with child. Also in shackles. And she's pushed to the ground with Zanror. Zanror looks up and you can see him closing his eyes like the daylight itself is very bright and he probably hasn't seen light in a period of time. "Strongjaw." "Well. This is a surprise." It's at this moment that he looks over and glances, and can see the body of Kevdak on the ground for the first time, and then he goes, "You did this?" So. As you're brought down to the ground, Bigby's Hand sets you gently on the cobblestone. (sighs) "I fear the Herd's lost its edge. Priorities. My father had grown docile in this "place. But he wouldn't be if whispers hadn't found his ears." And he looks over at Greenbeard. Greenbeard immediately steps back and goes, "Look at him in shackles. This isn't a warrior, this is "a slave. Both of 'em." Spits in their direction. The one that's holding the chains on Zanror pulls them a little tighter and Zanror's lifted up a little bit off of his leaning-forward position, he's now on his knees and his arms are pulled up, in towards his torso. And Greenbeard looks back towards you. "This skyshield here spoke against his "father. He was attempting some sort of a mutiny. But we quelled that right quick. Gave him time to "think about it. His father was deciding what to do with this traitor. And his next of kin. You, "however, seemingly stopped his trial, so I think it's only fitting that you do the honors of "finishing the job." And you can see as you were lifted off the ground and everything, you did not have your weapon with you, as you were on the ground, lifted up. Greenbeard steps over and takes the bloodaxe from the ground, walks up to you, and hands it out, and looks over to Zanror. "Let it be." And two of the other individuals, one of the half-orc individuals looks over, hushed, and starts backing away from this, this is too much for him. There's now this tribal tension, this cultural tension that only exists within the initial Herd and has been only recently adopted by the Rivermaw that were absorbed by the Herd and are still confused by this. Two of the goliaths step over and pull and pry out the somewhat soggy leftover arm of Kevdak. They toss it to the ground before you. Kevdak at this point is still being held up by the chains and says-- Sorry, Zanror. Thank you. "It was unbefitting of us all to be living under one of "those beasts. Under my rule, we were going to take back our power as a people." Oh shit! Roll an attack. If you want to. Roll damage. Watch as next week Critical Role implements dice cam. (laughter) All right. Two more, yeah. How do you want to do this? (laughs) He had taken a shit-ton of damage in the battle, and was already moving by-- He had like 12 more hit points left, so. And with that moment, (swishing), with a very slick snapping sound, the blade coasts through and the neck retreats as the head continues forward and tumbles to the feet as Greenbeard's body takes an instinctual step backward and then falls, lifeless, in the center of the marketplace. All the rest of the Herd moves for a second, nervously. As Bigby's hand points to Zanror, the two that are holding the chains move up and begin to unchain them both, taking the shackles off his hands and the female goliath at his side. Eventually he stands up, reaches over and puts his arm around her and says, "I am sorry, Worra." Worra. She stands and goes, "Do not be sorry. It seems we've been delivered from our "judgment." She looks up towards you. You don't recognize her. She's not from the original Herd. "You saved us narrowly being executed, Grog." And he stands up and gets to the front of all the rest of the Herd there. "Call forth the rest of our people. We do not leave this town yet. "We claim Westruun home for one more night. For it is tomorrow at dawn, we slam our blades against "the hide of a dragon." "Will you join us in this glory and pride, fair cousin Grog? You have proven yourself worthy "of life and respect and the might of the Herd of Storms." He looks about and takes in the mental math of all the people that were killed. I know, you took a few down. "We'd stand, between the people that were loyal to me and my "father, a good 43 men strong." He steps forward to you now, there's a slight limp to his walk, but there's too much pride for him to show it as he tenses and reaches out his hands to you and clasps it in his own, Beastmaster-style, holding onto it. "For the dragons, it shall be." He releases the grasp. "Let them walk amongst us as brethren. Come. We have much "preparation to do." And he goes back to Worra and limps into her arms, and she takes him up and it's her strength now lifting him on his feet. And the two begin to make their way across the rest of the center of town. All the rest of them take their weapons and they relax, and they still keep a very wary eye of you. The words have been said and there is still this tenuous truce, but they're still coming off the cusp of adrenaline, warfare, and the slaughtering of their previous leader. However, they are going along with the words that were spoken, and there is a look of general fear and respect in their eyes, guarded as it may be. What do you guys want to do? The gauntlets have been retrieved. And given to Grog, yeah. You're going to land, all right. Trinket, who's been hiding in the back room there. They did happen. Yeah. He's done. Do you? No, it just raises him from the dead. Okay, this will take a while. All right. So, as the rest of herd move on, following Zanror, they begin to separate to gather the rest of the herd throughout the town. A few stay behind, keeping watch-- Okay. It's going to cost-- 500 gold are consumed by the casting of this spell as part of the-- Okay. Takes an hour. So, as you guys take this time, this is a short rest for those of you who aren't part of this ritual. You complete the ritual. Go ahead and make a religion check. She was like, I'm done, I'm out. Peace. d20, add your religion. Okay. Vex, you said you wanted to help. What did you want to help with the ritual on? Right, sorry, helping with the money. How are you aiding with the ritual? Yes. Well, she was casting-- she was preparing the ritual, preparing seals and taking out the components and praying to Sarenrae and speaking the rites, which channel through her in Celestial language. Although she doesn't understand Celestial, she speaks it through as part of the spell, almost like-- Yep. How are you aiding in this? Sure. Go ahead and make a straight wisdom roll. Okay. How would you like to assist? Roll a performance check. All right. As you finish the ritual, both the voices of Pike and Percy begin to harmonize across these various refrains in a language that, especially when spoken in this rhythmic, ritualistic way, it seems to almost create a third voice. And then you hear, clearly, there is a third voice harmonizing with them that you don't know where it's coming from. As the beautiful musical tones of the singing come to a close, your holy symbol, the glow fades, and a moment passes before you hear the soft coughing of the child's throaty expulsion, himself taking in his next breath of air. He sits up, cradling his head. "What happened?" It's okay! (laughter) Okay, okay. He's like, (choking sounds). All right. So the child is brought back to life, healed, confused, dazed, but not really understanding the circumstances around him, just happy to-- Yeah, he's good to go. His wounds close, the dried blood's still there, but he seems to be in perfect health at the moment, although a little weak and worse for wear. "I don't know." "No, everything went by so fast. They tried to pull them out, but they found me and pulled me "out and brought me here. That's all. There was a fight and a lot of yelling. That's all I remember." "Up by the temples." He smiles a little bit. You can still see the dried blood streaks across his face, but you can see past that to the smile that peeks through beneath his dirty face. Okay. He laughs and Trinket licks him and takes some of that off and he is excited to be grasping something, although he slides a couple times. You can see he's weak from the remnants of the resurrection spell. Okay. Anybody else doing anything for the short rest? I mean, there is the bloodaxe, there is the-- The gauntlets, and he has four plus-one enchanted javelins that he did not have an opportunity to use this battle. So mark that, mark down in your refrigerated bag, flayed bear tattoo of Kevdak. That's disgusting. General leather armor, quarterstaff. You do find one potion of greater healing he did not have the opportunity to try. That's all he has on him. Okay. Make a tinkering check. Good. All right. There's already a fire going. Well, it's slower-burning embers now. One of the barricades that had been set fire by the Fireball earlier. Okay, so you take the bodies of the dead villagers that had been lost in the battle and the handful of the other combatants that had fallen, and you throw them onto the fire and it crackles and burns over time. The smell of burning bodies fills the space around it for a while. There are three lingering that are keeping an eye. Sure. "Very well. These two stay, though. No offense, but you did just kill one of my friends "naught but an hour ago." There were three Herd members that were keeping an eye-- Two of them are goliaths. One of them is human. The human and the other goliath stay behind. The one you talked to walks off and seems to be following through on what you told him to do. Now Thunderlord Zanror. Did you want to look over the items you found on Kevdak? There's your bloodaxe. And there's your Titanstone Knuckles. No. Doesn't seem to be anything holding you there other than the ritual that was done. When the ritual's completed, you're welcome to go about what you're doing. At which point you do see as time has passed, a few people start poking through windows, who apparently were either hiding in some of these buildings, and see you guys and check out and then go back into hiding again. The town still has people living throughout it. Many of them stay hidden whenever things move in their vicinity. So. All right. So, as you guys gather yourselves, partially rested and breathing a sigh of relief at the not horrible circumstance that nearly transpired there thanks to the luck of the gods in a lot of cases. You make your way northward through Westruun, toward the temple district, small child at your side with the intent-- On Trinket by your side. And possibly to prepare for whatever the Herd has in store for dawn. And with that, we'll finish tonight's game. He, by the way, on that Hold Person, that Cutting Words/Hold Person. Like, that's exactly what that-- Yeah, no. Kevdak hadn't used his action surge yet. Kevdak hadn't used his action surge yet. Multi, it's what he does. He can do four attacks in one round with the bloodaxe. No. Couldn't make his save. His arms were gone by the time he came around. Plus, he had four more superiority die and the riposte ability. So he could-- When a creature misses him with a melee attack, he can use one of his superiority die to do a reaction attack as well. So he could in theory get five attacks in one round. Yeah, that Hold Person really changed the dynamic really fast. And honestly, mucking it up with the archers helped too, because they were all about to start focus-firing on whoever was visible. Getting Grog out was key. If you hadn't pulled him out and taken all those attacks of opportunity? You would be gone. They weren't going to stop when you hit zero. They were going to cut you up until you were dead. What? It's okay. Bunch of dudes. You guys have dragons to deal with. All right, well, guys, thank you very much for watching. Thanks again for Loot Crate for being awesome and being our sponsor-- If-- I dunno, if he's still around. Is our guest still around? Yeah, it's ww (stammers), www.Loot Crate.com/criticalrole. They didn't coordinate with Wyrmwood. That's fantastic. All right. Well, in the meantime, we'll be back next week to see what this next chapter in the Westruun portion of this adventure holds. Well done, guys. That's the largest battlefield I've made so far. Is he-- he's not here? (groans of disappointment)