Welcome, everyone, to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. My name is Matthew Mercer, I'm the Dungeon Master. For those who are returning, good to see you again, and for those for the first time, welcome, and hopefully you're not too lost. So, Sam is on his way right now, being in the usual traffic from wherever he comes from, being a professional. Having a career that's functional and perpetually busy. Get here soon, Sam! Quickly, please! Drive safe. Don't drive with children in the street. Apparently, that was confusion from last time. People thought that he was actually driving in children. Like, he had problems with children and traffic, and thought children in traffic. So, keep your children out of traffic, if you don't mind. That's a general Critical Role request. PSA, yeah. Before we get started in this, first and foremost, I want to say hello to our guest for the evening, Mr. Chris Hardwick. (cheering) Glad you could join us for tonight's game. There you go. And then he comes here. Right there, yeah. Just scoot in. There we go. If becomes a problem, just raise your hand and scream. Oh, damn it! Very well-oiled machine, Critical Role. The utmost of presentory quality we promise to you on a weekly basis. Thank you for joining us. All right, so. Welcome, Sam, glad you could make it. Let's get through our announcements quickly for the week. Tomorrow, a bunch of us are going to be at Wondercon down at the LA Convention Center. Not Anaheim. It's always been at Anaheim, and I thought it was Anaheim when I mentioned it last week. But, no, it's in LA because everything likes to prove me wrong. We'll be there. 700-800pm is our Critical Role panel, so if you're in the area, you're coming to the event, come say hello, bring questions, preferably not punch me in the face for getting it wrong with Anaheim. Even before that! We will go there for that. Going to Lancaster for anything is a difficult choice. Sorry, Lancaster! I know! We have, tonight-- I'm getting to it! We had an issue last week where a bunch of our Gilmore shirts sold out really quickly. That shirt that you're wearing, the Gilmore's Glorious Goods. That's terrible. We're counting it as community service, it'll be fine. However, in trying to make sure that we can help our folks who don't get to see it live have an opportunity at these, we're going to be starting for a week a limited pre-order for Gilmore shirts. Should be up live now on the website. So if you didn't have the opportunity to go ahead and grab your own Gilmore's Glorious Goods shirt, go to GeekandSundry.com right now, go to their store, it should be available for pre-orders for the next week. Yes. Yes. Grog-- Travis, but Grog. You're wearing a delightful shirt, there. Would you like to tell us a bit about that shirt? Makes sense. Anyone else have any announcements they want to bring up? Yay! You can make him very polite, and apparently be sexy Codsworth, which is the new internet thing. It's the Codsworth top with the normal legs at the bottom, and it's just sexy running Codsworth, with Taliesin's voice. So do that. Of course, please! It's awesome. It's awesome, seriously. Of course, of course, yeah, check that one out. I caught that earlier today, haphazardly, and I'm glad I did. And you'll be glad too. April 30th. Heck yeah, man, congrats. (cheering) No, like, she'll actually surprise you, she'll wait until you're walking through a parking garage at two am and just over your shoulder (belches). Exactly. She's good. Anyone have anything else they want to announce before we jump into the game? Thank you for that, Sam. That's a good, good question. All righty. So. Let's go ahead and jump into this wondrous-- So, to get you guys a little bit up to speed with some of the fun that's happened previously on Critical Role, our band of intrepid adventurers, Vox Machina, after having a horrible encounter with the Chroma Conclave, a gathering of chromatic evil dragons that has just torn through the Tal'Dorei countryside, destroying cityscape after cityscape, the party has fled and has been seeking information on how to possibly eventually topple these creatures and restore order to the land of Tal'Dorei. They began seeking these artifacts known as the Vestiges of Divergence that promise ancient power from wars long past that could aid them in this journey. After acquiring one, with a near-death experience by Vex'ahlia over there, they began their next step in the journey. However, as part of a recent scrying spell by Keyleth, the druid, they discovered that the Pyrah tribe of her druidic heritage, the Ashari, were decimated as their home of Pyrah was the portal to the fire elemental plane that they normally guard, was where Thordak the Cinder King, the great red dragon, tore through into this prime realm and managed to seemingly wipe out most if not all of the tribe. Vox Machina made the relatively grim journey back to the mountainside, finding it now brimming with volcanic rock and volcanic activity that previously lay dormant. Upon climbing the side of the mountain, you found remnants of the Pyrah tribe still alive, and making their way up the mountain, as damaged as they are, in hopes of sealing this now progressively swelling tear between the prime material plane and the elemental plane of fire. Not just that, there was aid that came to the Pyrah tribe. And it involved a number of Air Ashari, one of which was Korren, Keyleth's father. There was a brief, tearful exchange and reunion before the rest of you, steeling yourselves, began to walk in towards the center of the mountain's caldera, towards the remnants of the Cindergrove, the now-destroyed and sundered petrified forest, in hopes of closing this rippling tear to the elemental plane once and for all. And this is where we begin. So. The group of the six of you, gathering alongside the dozen or so Pyrah members, with various burns, Cerkonos, who is the leader of the tribe, now missing his arm, cauterized at the shoulder, all advancing forward quietly in this tense push of necessity. You can see in the distance, swirling between the trees, clusters of glowing elemental entities that are either spilling forth from this recently and have taken this landscape as their own, or are just enjoying in their-- elementals like to burn shit. And so you're seeing fire elementals wandering about, just tearing through what remains of this countryside, and let's see, you actually, Vex'ahlia-- as you guys are stepping forward, keeping an eye on these glowing distant entities, these creatures, you catch out of the corner of your eye what appears to be a number of other humanoids, a small cluster of shadowed individuals far off to the left, tucked around the bottom of a tree. Make a perception check. 23. Glancing over in that direction, you see, towards one of the larger, broken petrified trees, right on the outskirts of the Cindergrove forest, you see what appear to be a cluster of humanoids. Two of them have flesh. The other two do not. These skeletal creatures shuffle in place, clutching a blade to one side, while the other two appear to be in partially rotted states. They're mostly disinterested in their surroundings and stand there, head to the side, aimless-- From what you can tell, one of them does appear to have Ashari wardrobe. The other one does not. At this point, Korren, Keyleth's father and the head of the Air Ashari in your absence, puts his hand forth and goes, "I'm sorry, you're saying that you see along the way undead creatures." "All right. Given the nature of the elemental presence here, we're going to have to "probably divide and attack the central place from multiple positions, otherwise they're going to "have too strong of a fire-front at the edges of this border. Do you feel confident enough to "handle your own sliver of this assault?" "That's all right--" "Well, we'll keep an eye out. We'll have two of our druids overhead, keeping eyesight. If "anything goes wrong, signal up there. You know how, Keyleth. And we'll send them down to aid you. "All right." "The air Ashari will come from the northeast. Cerkonos, take the rest of your tribe, "head from the west. You, continue on forward. If this troupe you've found of seemingly lifeless "entities looks even remotely dangerous, do not engage. They are not our target. But if this is a "scourge that has spread into the Cindergrove, I fear we may be in worse shape than I had "originally envisioned. Regardless, stay silent, stay swift." He looks back to the rest of the Air Ashari, and all of them, their outer form shimmers as the wind begins to collect around their feet, ever so quietly, and they all with an intense speed begin to trek at an incredible pace, seemingly blending in with the rock surroundings as they go, disappearing around one side of the Cindergrove forest. Cerkonos and the others nod. Cerkonos looks to the rest of you, brings up his one hand and gives a touch to the top of his chest and sternum and bows his head and goes, "I wish "you all great luck. See you on the inside." And the rest of the fire Ashari turn into burning fire elemental forms and begin to streak through the various broken rocks and pieces of glass-shattered obsidian that peppered this landscape in the caldera, leaving the six of you ready to trek forward yourself. They look like, wherever you're traveling-- because there's an open expanse of about 80 or so feet before you actually reach the edge of the Cindergrove, and they're right on the outskirts of the Cindergrove forest, so lest you're very careful, they would technically see you if they're paying attention. There's four of them. As long as you're maintaining your concentration, how long does it last for? Concentration? I believe it-- An hour, yeah, so you can still be under that effect. So I would like all six of you to roll stealth checks for me, if you could. No. Just the plus ten. Which is better than advantage. 38-- With plus ten? All right. So as the entire group bends down into a ninja-like stance, just darting across as fast as they can, keeping low to the ground and using much of the shadow of the overhead clouds and smoke that has completely engulfed the above skyscape, behind you, bounding very loudly, is a gentle gnome, swishing brown hair-- Right. It's not working. And as you're darting across, you're jumping over little open globules of molten lava that is starting to pour out from various crevices in the stone floor, you try to hop around to avoid that, and in doing so, your foot catches the edge of a piece of stone, and you begin to go into a tumble. Make an acrobatics check. You are. (laughs) You do manage to catch yourself, with a slight tumble, skid a bit on your ass, and land on your feet. It would've been a cool three-point landing if anyone else had attempted it, but you just barely catch yourself, look back at the group with a sheepish grin, and out of the corner of your eye, you see one of the undead entities turn its head and look right in your direction. It starts wandering in your direction. All right, roll for an attack. 18. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage. At this distance, it'll take a little bit to rush up if you want to-- I'll say at this point they're roughly 60 feet from you, so if you wanted to-- Oh, if you go full speed, you can. Oh, throwing it. 15 damage. On which one, the skeleton or-- It would be from you, yes. The-- What? Extra two. Okay. Is this against one of the zombies or one of the skeletons? All right, then that would be one of the zombies. All right. The arrow streaks through the air, slamming into the chest, and it embeds itself, causing a piece of tendon to snap and curl back inside the torso. Its arm falls a little more limp than it was previously, and it just keeps walking forward. All right, go ahead and roll a stealth check. You-- Three of them are grouped together by the tree. The one that noticed is slowly wandering toward you. Okay. All right. Correct. Mm-hm. 25. With that, as this zombie entity is hobbling forward, the dagger strikes it right in the center of the skull, right where its mouth and jaw hinge hit, severs the base of the skull to the spine, and the head just rolls off onto the ground underneath. The body takes two more steps before falling forward. All the other undead creatures all of a sudden turn into the forest, as opposed to towards where the death happened-- And you see running out from the forest towards you, a blue-skinned humanoid, rushing out, arms in the air. You see agreeing before you a blue-scaled dragonborn. If you would like to describe yourself for the party. Go for it. 17. He's telling the truth. She eyes you up and down, trying to get a feel for whether or not you're who you say you are. Go ahead and make a stealth check, if you don't mind, Gern. Nope. He wasn't there when you cast it. 11? No, and then-- No. As you guys begin stealthily, there is a couple of (footfalls) heavy footfalls of the lumbering dragonborn. No tail on this one. The only other dragonborn you've seen without a tail was the paladin that worked in the Council. Tofor Brotorus. So, that does catch your attention a little bit. Not just the dragonborn lumbering, but now the three undead that are (groaning) stepping behind. And it's at that point you hear the cracking of what sounds like heavy timber, no more than 30 feet away from you. You all stop in place suddenly and you glance over and you can see the flickering of light of what appears to be a flame-based elemental energy that's tearing over the side of a newly fallen petrifoid-- petrifoid-- (mocking Chris' accent) petrifoid tree, look what you've done to me! This is your fault! Very, very Lucky Charms. So! Yeah, how about that? So. As the flame begins to trickle and burn over the edge, you can see there is an intelligence to it. There are a couple of arms that writhe over the side and the head pops over and glances, and stops in place, frozen, staring over in the direction of the bounding dragonborn. It's smaller than what you're used to seeing, but it is indeed a creature made of elemental flame. It would be considered an elemental. Okay. So you're using your transform-- I think it's the first time you've been fire elemental, yeah? So, you guys watch as Keyleth's form suddenly erupts into flame, which freaks you out for a second, as you're uncertain as to whether or not she did that. It has for a moment, an essence of Keyleth's more lithe form that most elementals would, but still these long, curling flame like-arms, these eyes that glow a bright white fire in the center of the face. Other than that, relatively formless other than what looks like where her hair would be, these wisps of flame curl up behind her. So as you approach the elemental form-- The creature behind the form, you can see, is drifting away from the trunk of the tree. It's turned away and is moving away from you, yeah. No no, you're just-- you're in the caldera to-- Yeah, you haven't traversed the plane. You're making your way into the remnants of the Cindergrove. You guys hear in the distance this echo of this weird sucking-crackling sound that goes-- It halts for a second, looks over its shoulder and then goes into double speed, disappearing into the trees. Away from you. Okay, as you follow it past the initial treeline, it's where a bunch of trees have fallen over and formed a small blockade in this portion of the forest. You glance over as you're shouting that and you can see what appear to be another of the same small elemental that this one has gone to, to have a brief conversation. Beyond that, you see a larger one, roughly your size, that has just turned around and noticed your presence, and all of them look over at what appears to be another humanoid creature, but instead of a lower torso of legs, it's an elongated snake-like body, its black and red scales across its entire form, two human arms and a humanoid face but these webbed red spines down its entire back. At this point in time, Keyleth, as you're standing there, looking over this edge, they all turn and the creature, the weird-- I'll say it-- a salamander-like creature, begins shouting out phrases in Ignan, which you understand. It says, "Go! He's not here yet! Alleviate this "uncontrolled one!" At which point, they all begin to swarm towards you. As you guys are watching this from a distance, all you hear is (guttural noises). It's really confusing and a little hilarious, to be honest. I need you to make an intimidation check. What you got, Keyleth? All right. As this happens, the two smaller elementals shrink down and glance over at the larger one. The larger one looks about and shouts back at you in Ignan, once again "Do you serve him?" He looks back at the long snake-like humanoid who's standing there who glances at the other one and goes, "She wants us back. Very well." And they all turn around and begin to slowly drift back towards the center of the Cindergrove where the flickering light was. (flickering flames) So the fire elemental is just like (calm whoosh). And it's more of a smoldering sad elemental at the moment. There you go. Strong sad elemental. All right. Go ahead and make a sleight of hand check. Okay. Vex, make a perception check. 28? Yeah, you are. Skill check. Roll again. So it's the earlier one, yeah. Okay. You just see, as you're all just walking along, your new blue dragonborn friend just reaches down and snatches something from the dirt, pockets it and keeps walking. You have no idea. You just see a little cluster of ash and dust on the ground that's been partially disturbed. All right. As you continue to press forward, you hear in the distance a loud cracking sound echoing, and you can see what appear to be a number of trees in the far-off side to the northeastern side of the forest, as a brief whirlwind flickers up. You assume this is probably from the Fire Ashari, who've taken that side of the entranceway, and you can see two flickering lights drift up in the air before sparking out in the distance. I mean, you can make some localized fire happen. Not in the way you would want to, you'd have to drop form for that and cast a spell. Okay. As you go ahead and take the arrow-- What do you have around the edge that are going to-- are you just going to light the shaft on fire? There you go. The arrow arcs off. Vanishes across the little bit of the remaining treeline. All right. Do you guys continue to press forward? Okay. You begin to push further forward towards the center of the Cindergrove, as you're noticing more and more of these trees are pushed flat. It's almost like that Russian forest the meteor had landed in and exploded; all the trees are flattened-- Think Tunguska, thank you. Where you begin to climb over a number of these flattened portions of the forest, and in the center you can see that one river of molten rock that had been trickling down the front of the mountain is sourced here in the center, where once previously you guys had performed a ritual to pass into the elemental plane, has now torn into this extremely bright rift that flickers. It's like looking into the sun, you have to avert your gaze; you cannot look directly at it without actually hurting your eyesight. And you can see, there are multiple paths of this molten lava, pouring out from this new volcanic activity. You can see it burbling up and bubbling underneath, like the very presence of this tear itself is causing the activity to just raise and grow more fervent. At the base of the rift, you can see a number of other elemental creatures that are in the process of surrounding this opening-- (door creak) You're not here, okay? I don't know. Perfect. As you can see, all these elemental entities are swirling around. There are two more of these strange, snake-like humans, these salamander-like creatures that are discussing, and one really large one that stands there holding this strange trident-like structure, and it's shouting out commands left and right, and you can see these salamander entities and a number of these elementals are all gathered around the portal, and they're all just focusing this slow, steady beam towards it. And as you can see it tearing, flickering and slowly expanding with each popping expansion of this doorway, the ground itself shifts and rumbles. All right. If you'd like to, yeah. There's a lot of fire. Most of these entities are either fire essence or just made out of straight flame. All right. Fatty Arbuckle, skeletal claws clasped around the side of this marbled-looking, bluish-white candle, and clutches it and just goes (snarl). As it shuffles forward, down this ashen pit towards the dome where the lava itself is beginning to pour forth and the doorway is, you can see the shadow of its form as the light passes. It looks like the cover of The Thing, how it's just bright light coursing past this dark image of the skeleton, walking away from you. It's walked quite a distance, thankfully, at this point. It's probably a good 40 or 50 feet before it reaches the first salamander. And you see, as it begins to step forward, they all turn and look, and one of them shouts over (snarling). One of them glances over, reaches out and pulls out a long, brass-colored longbow and begins to notch an arrow carefully, as it hobbles forward. They look at each other. One of them shouts out in Ignan, which you understand, Keyleth, shouting, "You! Who walks here?" Just keeps walking forward like a little wind-up toy made of bone. Until eventually, the one with the bow gives a nudge with its head, and the other salamander entity draws a heavy-bladed object and begins to step forward towards it, ready to go ahead and cleave it. As the skeleton steps forward, it gets right at the corner of its range. Do you want to command it? At which point, the skeleton, just as the blade sweeps past and crashes into its torso, shattering the rib cage, the arms go (crack). The wax bends and cracks in the center, and there's a brief pause where nothing seems to happen. And a swirl of sudden, localized storming blizzard just encases a ten-foot radius, hitting both of those salamander creatures. What does it say on the candle specifically? That's a fail and a save. And it's half damage on success? Great. Okay, so one of them failed and one of them saved. So go ahead and roll 4d6 damage. Nine? Okay, nine and five cold damage to each. So (bang) it blasts open. Oh, and a dexterity check for your buddy, who makes it! So, Fatty Arbuckle actually walks out of there with a mere five points of cold damage. Out of ice and frost. His busted-open rib cage, though, he did suffer... Did suffer seven damage from the impact of this weapon. So Fatty Arbuckle, pretty damaged, but still standing there just going (snarling). Is everyone just going to sit back at this, or--? It's up to you. Or you can watch this horrible bludgeoning of this skeleton in the teeth of death. All right. Travis, I assume you're going to be rushing in there, then? Anyone who wishes to immediately go into battle now, let's roll initiative. All right. Let me go ahead and-- All right, so this is quite a ways away from the portal itself. Lava flow traveling around that side. All right, and we have Keyleth over here as the fire elemental. The big one that you haven't seen yet? Oh, sorry. That's Gern right there. We have Fatty Arbuckle. And chilling over here, we have Coral and Stimpy. They seem to be fire-based creatures, yes. Yes. It's back, it's this far back. Yeah. There is a pool of magma that goes this way. You guys are on one side of it, and pushing this way further, the rest of the actual portal's back this far. All right. So, initiative order, we have 25 to 20, anyone? Okay. 20 to 15. All right. 13. Keyleth? All right, great. So, top of the round, Percy, you're up first. All righty. 25 hits. Strength saving throw. That is going to be a 20. Aw. The blast of your impact (bang) hits the arm. He manages to hold onto his trident-like weapon. All righty. So go ahead and roll damage on that. 13 points of damage. All righty. Go for it. Scanlan, you're up on deck, by the way, so be ready. 20 hits. That's a nine. Failure. (gunshot) You see his fingers are pried off as one of his pinky fingers is actually blown off from the impact, shooting dark, deep crimson blood that seems to burn the landscape around as it drips, the trident tumbling to the ground and getting lodged in a piece of rock, almost ready to spill into part of the lava. Seven points of damage, all righty. All righty. So minus five to the attack. 14, unfortunately, misses. There? Okay. Got it. Scanlan, you're up. This big thing here? Yeah, the fire elemental. You see that. These things are all baddies here. All righty. So, and you watch out of the corner as well, Gern, you see this tiny little gnome step to the side, conjure some arcane purplish-blue energy, and then thrust his pelvis forward as a bolt of lightning energy just rockets forth, tearing-- Slamming both into the larger salamander creature and the elemental behind it. Go ahead and roll 8d6 damage. What's the DC on this? Yes. Yeah. Ooh! That is a failure and a failure! All right. So full damage against both. Oof. All righty. As the bolt of lightning energy tears through both of them, eventually absorbed into the stone behind them, the elemental flame form flickers and falls to the ground for a second, trying to reform itself, while the salamander looks down at this blackened, burned char mark in the center of its torso from where the bolt entered and exited out of its back to strike its compadre. Not too happy, and confused how such a large, damaging thing came from such a small little creature. If you'd like to. Roll a d20 for musical taste. Four. It catches you by the ear with delight. Your general frustration with modern music is completely bisected by the more oldies, classical sound of his tune. So you get a d10 inspiration dice. So just keep that on the side. If ever you make an attack roll or a saving throw that isn't as high as you want it to be, you can then roll that and add the d10 to that roll. So you just have that in the wings, as you feel inspired. All right. That brings it to the elementals' turn. Now, this flame elemental is going to streak over (whoosh) to Blern who's-- or, no, sorry, this is to Fatty Arbuckle. There's too many weird names tonight. And this larger fire elemental here is going to-- He's not doing anything, he used his whole round to get there. But now, as the larger elemental burns into the center of Scanlan, Percy, you can feel, just his presence itself is extremely, dangerously hot. The air around you is blistering. You can feel your hair curl back in its presence. The small elemental is going to go ahead and make two attacks against Fatty Arbuckle. That's going to be a nine to hit. I think his AC's 13, so I don't think it's going to hit, yeah. Second one rolls a one. And with that, Grog, it's your turn. So you go into your rage at the top of your turn, and then what would you like to do? What's your speed again? Five, ten, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40. You can get right there between Scanlan and this creature if you want to. I'd say that's your movement. You can move ten more feet if you want to. This way? Oh, you mean like this way instead? That's about as far as you can get, right there. If you do not attack anything, you would lose your rage. You can throw your weapon if you want to. Go for it. So you watch as this muscle-bound goliath comes leaping around the corner as it affixes a chain to the edge of its weapon, flinging a two-handed sword like a giant boomerang and-- 14, against the larger one? Unfortunately, it makes an impact, but it just ricochets off of its plated body armor, and then tumbles to the ground. You can go ahead and make your-- Okay, no problem. You pull it back with the chain and catch it mid-air. Ending your turn there? Indeed. Vax, you're up. Yep. That hits. Hits. Hits. Oof! His form flickers briefly for a moment from the sheer impact of the dagger hit. Nine. All righty. The two other daggers impact, partially passing through its form, not quite as impactful as the first. That first one did seemingly cause the creature to have a hard time coalescing its fire-wreathed physicality. That ends your turn, Vax? Gern, you're up. So you're right there. 30 feet is how far you can run, and that's about six squares. You could, you could very much so. All right, so you want to move around here? Yeah, there's probably a good chance, this is not going to be-- After everything else Fatty's survived, his own master deals him the possible finishing blow. Everything under that area gets affected. So yeah, you could do that. What's your spell DC? It should be at the top of your spell page. 16, all right. And it is a constitution save, let's see if they make it. That is a failure, a failure, and a failure. Oh, I'll roll for Fatty. Fatty does not succeed. Nope. Nope. All right, go ahead and roll 8d8 points of cold damage. By the way, guys, if we hit 16k before the end of tonight's show, we're going to go ahead and have a sloth come into the studio. 44, all... As he's shouting out at you, releasing this amazing, condensed blast of pure winter hell in front of him, it comes scattering across this way, freezing the corner of this, turning partially some of the lava here to stone just by proximity, blasts past these entities, and as the arcane snow comes to rest, you can see the fire elemental here itself is having a hard time keeping itself together. Its flame is (whoosh) sputtering and flickering, barely keeping itself together. However, by its side you see three very still frozen-solid statuettes of the remnants of the two salamanders and Fatty Arbuckle. Taken by the cold of winter. We'll say for the purposes of remembering that, too, put a couple of frozen, frozen, and frozen. All right. I believe that ends your turn, Gern? All right. It would be the salamanders' turn, but they're frozen. Damn, they got pummeled. Vex, you're up. You don't know. You believe so. All right, right behind it. All right. Go ahead and make an acrobatics check. Without issue, you land-- not even, no. Two-point landing, on your feet, knee down, still clutching your ready-to-go bow, unscathed by the boiling cauldron of molten rock. Okay, right there. Go for it. Two attacks. You're on deck, Keyleth. 21 hits. Both hit. All right. Nice! Both arrows burn to ash when they impact, but the sheer blow and the magical energy behind it from the bow that you threw it from hit it and you can see it begin to shake its form even more, itself. Did you do the Hunter's Mark damage as well? Okay, good. Cool. That end your turn, Vex? Keyleth, you're up. Okay. All right, whatcha got, whatcha got? I'll say, given the use of lava control in this, they are still elementals, go ahead and make a persuasion check. No, intimidate, this would be intimidate. 15? You can see the smaller elemental here that just watched its friends get frozen solid, as well as whatever that skeleton was, turns towards you, and (snarls) and begins to make its way this direction. Yeah. The large one doesn't seem prominently fazed by your display. I would say that whole thing of bringing up the molten rock and the shout and everything would be your action. There you go. All right, ends your turn, Keyleth, brings us to Percy. Yeah, it's right up in your space. All right. Go for it. That hits. You take nine points of fire damage, as just striking it, the flames burst back and burn towards your face and torso from the impact. Okay. That would be four. Four damage. All right. And roll damage for your strike. Hmm! All right. Do you want to make a second attack, you said? Or are you just going to keep going back and forth, what's your plan? Whatcha doing? Whatcha doing, Percy? Okay. As you roll away, it's going to take an attack of opportunity at you. That is an 18 to hit? Okay, so you use your shield brooch, okay. As it strikes out towards you, streaking its elemental claws outward, you back away, instilling the power of the brooch, and you see an arcane shield temporarily ricochets, pushing its claw away from you. You run away unharmed to the other side of the rock. Go for it. 15 hits. Elementals aren't very hard to hit. All right, and you reload. All right, that ends Percy's turn. Scanlan, you're up. Over there? That's your call. Okay. He's 15 feet from you, yeah. Is that a 15-foot radius? Cube, so you can just make the cube here, and it'll hit none of them. All right, level two Thunderwave. Coming on up. Oh, it's a self. A 15-foot cube originating from you, so yeah, so you can hit that guy. All right, cool. So, level three, that's 3d8, let's see if it makes its constitution saving throw. It does not, not with a natural seven. So go ahead and roll your damage, 3d8 thunder damage. 20! How do you want to do this? (cheering) You even missed your own Thunderwave spell, you were so distracted with your frustration. You look back, you cracked your knuckles, and it's gone, but you didn't see it happen and it's a little disappointing overall. All right. You guys look over as this elemental runs off towards the glowing doorway you see further down this passage. It's not that far away from you, but you do see the flickering doorway that's like (sputtering). You can see other entities beginning to step out of it, and you can see one larger form. It looks fiery, humanoid, just (crackling) comes out, lower body made of ash and cinders. Make a perception check. You can go find out. Yes. 26. Currently, from where you stand-- 24. From where you stand, you can look off in the distance, you can see parts of the treeline across, down the Cindergrove, shifting and moving, and you hear the distant sounds of combat, but you do not have a visual perspective. It looks like the other teams have not quite made their way to the center. You're actually the first team to get here. And you made your way around a possible encounter, and in doing so, arrived before the other teams did. However, it looks like a secondary line of defense is now pouring out of this doorway. There's three statues, actually. Including Fatty Arbuckle. Yeah. As you shove-- and it's a pretty heavy form, especially with the ice that's, you know, formed around the body-- --but not too hard for you, Grog, because you're Grog. You give a little shove, and as it topples over, it just shatters into 100 pieces. Yeah. This time, you give this one a full push, this one actually gets about ten feet in the air. Before scattering across the ground, pieces of it actually spilling into the molten lava. And there stands, frozen in place, Fatty Arbuckle, chest destroyed, arm limp to the side, just-- You see the half-giant goliath handing you the frozen body of your skeletal friend. We'll get to that as soon as we come back from this break. We're going to take a quick bathroom break and we'll see you guys back here in about ten minutes or so to continue this next step in the adventure. [break] No, not, I don't think tonight. There will be a sloth apparently that will come here for 16k and a sloth. And if you want to watch Laura freak out-- Also, we have a giveaway winner for the evening; ToastKingJr is the winner of tonight's Critical Role giveaway, congratulations. Well done, you, we'll be sending you a lot of fun goodies your way very shortly, so-- Oh yes; well, you've made him proud. Make sure to let him know. We'll give him a little a little pipe or something inside too, it'll be good. All right, so you guys gather yourselves, stepping through the battlefield you had just encountered, the shattered and slowly melting pieces of ice that once were some of these fire elemental denizens scattered around your feet, you step forward as you see the somewhat human, somewhat flame-based entity come pouring out of the void, surrounded by other elementals, and one of the other standing salamander general-type individuals. You can see-- Yes, coming out of the rift. This is the actual doorway right there. Yes, this is all molten-- Well, this is actual lava from the inside of the mountain that has been called forth and cracked through the surface, because of the presence of the tear. No, you did not. I'd like you all to make a stealth check, by the way, as this is transpiring, and these entities are now making-- No, you cast Hunter's Mark, so the concentration on that ended, unfortunately, sorry. As you guys are all having this conversation, hushed behind this barricade of broken tree elements, you can see this salamander general turn and hiss in that direction, look over, and point his trident in the direction of where you all are. You can see the larger fire elementals all of a sudden turn their attention in the direction of the party, as the humanoid floating about five feet off the ground, his lower form just this swirl of cinders and black ash, chuckles with his arms crossed. Points forward, and the elementals begin moving forward. Well, this would be the initiative order now, so everyone roll initiative. All right, folks, this brings us to 25 to 20? 20 to 15? 16 for Gern. 15 to ten? 13 for Percy. Ten to five? Eight for Grog. Scanlan, what's your-- So that would be just below you, Percy. All righty. I believe that's all on that end there. And that brings us to-- Oh, seven, thought I got you. There we go. So right before Grog is Keyleth. Great. All right. Top of the combat round. All right. Tell me who wants to roll an arcana check as you see this entity rising up-- For people who are proficient with it. Yes, you do. (laughs) And as you say that, you recognize this entity and blurt out its name, just instinctually as you get a proper view of it. One of the many denizens of the fire elemental plane, this is an efreeti, it is a fire genie. Efreeti. Yes, the species is efreeti, but an ee-frit, ee-freet, however you want to pronounce it, a flame genie, generally hailing from the City of Brass and/or spaces around and in the fire elemental plane. Floats above all of you, arms still crossed, opens its arms and as it chuckles, both hands just are engulfed in flames that congeal into these large fiery balls as it flings them both down in the direction of the party. This is going to be at Scanlan and Vex. To Scanlan, that is 13? Vex, that is 15. Both just (fireball impacts), cracking into the ground to the sides of where you're standing, barely missing them. It keeps glaring down at the rest of you with a smile. Ending that, it brings us to Vax. You're up. As far as you know, depending on the individual. You don't know who saw you and who didn't. Right from where you are? All right. Okay. The first one was what? The first and the third hit. If you are hidden, though, which you would technically be hidden from this individual, you do have advantage on those attacks, so you can reroll the-- No, no, it's a sneak attack if you're hidden. A surprise round is if they have no idea that you're there. Not bad! Flinging both daggers, one strikes it square in the sternum and the blade cracks and pops as it hits the center of the chest. It (gurgle), you know, it can't make any sound as it disappears from the wound, returning to your belt. The second dagger manages to come towards, it tries to parry out of the air, but in doing so just gets it embedded in its forearm and it shrieks out in pain, as that too vanishes and appears once again in your belt. Are you going to move, or stay where you are? "Go get 'em, tiger." Right there. All righty. Vex, you're up. I mean, you could get behind them if you want to, they're maybe about that wide. Practically. As far as the Cindergrove's concerned, they're pretty sad-looking. A lot of them have been destroyed and torn and pushed down around. This way, here? All righty. Mark the efreeti. Go for it. That does not hit, nope. That does hit. Streaking past, and the third one hits as he's holding the flame balls in his hands. Seeing the small impact, he just glares at you though the impact. 17 points of damage. And you are hiding behind the tree? That's the end of Vex's turn. It is now the elementals' turns. This is going to move in and actually consumes the space of Gern and his followers. So as you're sitting there, you just see this fire elemental just streak around real fast and all of a sudden step into the space where you and your two undead followers are, flames whirling around you. All of you immediately take five points of fire damage, you and your two allies. Stimpy and Coral, poor guys. With that, it's going to make two strikes towards you, Gern. The fire elemental rushes in and just (slithering fire noises). That is going to be a 13 to hit. What's your armor class? Just hits you. And that's a natural 20. (sighs and groans) 19 points of fire damage from the second strike. And you are currently engulfed in flame. You caught fire from the impact with the fire elemental. Certain ones do, not blue ones. That ends that elemental's turn. This one is going to step into the space where both Percy and Scanlan are. Both of you guys immediately suffer seven points of fire damage. Correct, so you'd take three points. And it's going to make a strike on each of you. That's going to be a 14 versus you, Scanlan. And then versus Percy. Same roll. 14. Misses you both with a series of terrible attacks. That ends their turn. Gern, you're up. At the start of your turn-- Yep. At the top of your turn, because you're now on fire, you take six points of fire damage. You're just wreathed in fire, all around. It's a bad, bad Sunday for Gern. This direction, you mean? So you can move around to this side of the elemental, pushing past your allies, whip around, you get a little bit of a view through the fire and flames swirling around you. You concentrate and release a burst of cold energy. It might not be close enough. It'll be enough to get those two there. It's better than nothing. All right, so constitution saves on the elemental. What's your DC? 16. It fails. On the salamander, that's another big fail with a 13. So go ahead and roll 8d8 damage. Nice, 35 points of cold damage to both the salamander and the elemental in front of you. Great. So you see as a blast of winter arcane energy just skirts forward, casting most of the dark area here in snow and ice and sleet. You can see the front of this lava pond is cooled for the moment and actually can be walked across probably for one or two more rounds. Yes, you are also still on fire. Someone has to take an action to try and douse the flames on him, whether it be himself or possibly your allies. You can still give actions to your two undead buddies. Both, actually. The scales are starting to crisp. Okay, I'll allow this. You're intentionally going prone, so you start your next combat round on the ground, which means you'll have half your movement. As Stimpy hobbles over (zombie groan). There is behind the elemental, yes. The zombie can take one action, unfortunately, it's not a super intelligent creature. One or the other. You guys glance over out of the corner of your eye and you see is the dragonborn all of a sudden jumps to the ground, sprawled out, snow angel style. As this undead begins flailing about on top of his body. You're starting to get elements of decaying goo and-- But the flames do eventually go out, over the next five to six seconds or so. What would you like Stimpy to do? You would, yes. Sure. He picks up some of the frost on the ground with his skeletal hands. Flings it. Funnily enough, it hits. Because it's right there. We'll say for that particular instance, it takes-- Three points of cold damage. (cheers) Percy, you're up. No, it's constitution. Yes. At the top of your turn, by the way, you take nine points of fire damage, down to four, because you are also engulfed in flame, as is Scanlan for having passed over the space there. This way here? Running past the fire elemental, it does get an attack of opportunity on you, swinging out with its flaming appendage. That is going to be a 13 to hit. On which one? Okay, that elemental is now currently Hexed. Oh, okay! Is it saving throws, or is it ability checks? That does not affect saving throws, unfortunately. Go for it. 18 hits. 25. And with that shot (boom). (cheering) Sorry, this is the one that took all the damage from the Cone of Cold, so this one is still fine. Robbed you of victory! You did seven damage. No, you have not. All right, nice. You're adding your Hexes to this, right? Add d6 to each of these, buddy. 12 misses, unfortunately. You shoot too far. It actually separates its body for a second, the flames flickering away from the impact of the bullet, passing through, no effect, unfortunately. You can. You will be on fire, Percy. Scanlan, you're up. It's Ikea-made, you just have to build it. It appears to be flying. The very essence of this creature is partial flame and magic, and it's levitating as its lower form is a tiny dervish whirlwind of black ash and flame. Large. First you take four points of fire damage, because you're on fire. That was when it originally got to you, and then you're still burning every turn until you put yourself out. The range on the resilient sphere is 30 feet, so you're going to want to get closer to cast it. This is cool, currently, if you want to go across. You can get there, and that'll be enough distance. Okay, so it has to make a dexterity saving throw. What's the DC? The DC on your spells is a 20 right now, right? And it rolled a 19. 18 plus one. And, with that, suddenly you guys see Scanlan concentrate, shouting the magical incantation through the hand cone-- You see a pink-purple-hued globe of crystalline, magical arcane energy just form around the creature, and the efreet goes (grunting). The sphere is weightless, so no, he stays where he is. All right. Second level, that's 2d4 plus-- 2d4 plus five you heal. Whichever one. Doesn't matter to me. All right. Scanlan, I believe that ends your turn. Keyleth, you're up. There is 30 feet between them, yes. A 30 foot long spell could-- It could only hit one. It's 30 feet between them. 35 between them. These two, there is definitely. So it's ten feet wide, and it'll go (rushing water) like that, you mean? Okay, so you back up to there? All right. Okay, dexterity save on each of them. Dexterity save on the first one. No, not for the saving throw. The first one does make the saving throw, however, that is a 19 plus three, so 22. On a success, it takes half as much damage and isn't knocked prone, so it takes half. The other one, however, does fail. How much is in the spell? Right, go ahead and roll that. I'd say, how many gallons would that be? That's a shit-ton of gallons. 14. Okay, so that's 14 and 28. I'd say that Tidal Wave, how many gallons of water would we say each one of those is? Well, it's ten foot tall, ten foot wide, so that's... I'd say we're looking at close to 50 gallons of water, right? We'll say for the purposes of this, for the width of it and the space you had to pass it through, we'll say roughly 60 gallons of water passes through each of these elementals. Water susceptibility, for every five feet the elemental moves in water, or for every gallon of water splashed on it, it takes one point of cold damage, so they both take an additional 60 points of damage. Which destroys both of the elementals. So Keyleth, you have more movement still, if you want to move somewhere. There? Okay. That brings us to Grog, you're up. Right there? Are you raging first, or are you-- All right, so you got two attacks, reckless attack. 24 hits. 23 hits. Nice. 23, nice. All right, so as you rush past, looking over at the cooled rock that's starting to crack, and bits of steam vents are starting to push through underneath your feet, Scanlan. The area you're standing on isn't very sturdy, you're probably going to want to move pretty soon. However, you see this barreling form of pure anger and blade come rushing past as Grog slams into the salamander twice with his blade. That fails first constitution, and fails second. So you gain plus two strength, salamander loses two strength. However, because you've taken... With each strike within melee of the salamander's heated body, it's so intense by its proximity that you suffer six points of fire damage from the first melee attack against you. Halved to two. The other one would be 12, so you take six. Total of eight fire damage just from slamming and attacking this salamander. All righty, that brings us to the very end. It is now the salamander's turn. After being hacked twice by you, Grog, it turns around, takes its trident in both hands, looks at you with this horrible snarl. You can see now these glistening, almost ruby-like sharp teeth in its wide grin. (snarl) These long catfish-like tendrils that waft off its face as it slams down the spear towards you. That is going to be a 23 to hit. You take 12 points of piercing damage. Halved to six. And it's going to also turn around and its tail, its long snake tail (whoosh) whips you. That is going to be an 18 to hit. It misses, all righty. The tail comes towards you, and you knock it out of the way with Craven Edge. That will end its turn. Top of the round, I'm going to make a roll for the consistency of the currently cooled lava pool. It maintains. However, you feel your feet cracking beneath-- This efreet-- let me look at the logistics of this spell now, because-- It is enclosed for the duration, up to a minute. It's pushing against, and it takes these two flame balls it conjures and throws them out towards you guys. They just go (impacts) against the sphere and then go out, and it's just (growling). It's really, really pissed off. It can't do anything. All right. Ending its turn, because it can't do anything, Vax, you're up. Okay. Right there, about? Go for it. Okay, all three hit. Nice. All right. Good to know. (whoosh) As you jump in front of the way of Keyleth, you unleash all three daggers in rapid succession, each one finding its mark (impacts) into the body of the now profusely bleeding salamander. You can see now streaks of its own blood are pouring down, boiling on contact with air, the significant difference in temperature from the exterior and its actual interior body causing it to change from a liquid to a gas. End your turn? Okay. Vex, you're up. You can roll a stealth check. A hide action is a hide action. As a rogue, do you have the-- I don't know what number that is. Technically, you do not have cunning action yet, that's a 2nd-level rogue ability, so you would use your action to hide. If you go from hide to hide you can do that, but you are not hidden at the beginning of the round. Right there? Go for it. Roll for attack. That'll hit. Correct, yep. 18 points of lightning damage? All right. So as you turn around the side of the tree, releasing the arrow. As it goes through the air, streaking, it suddenly bursts into an arcing bit of energy (crackling energy), a bolt of lightning that strikes into and begins to spill around the insides of the elemental. You can see it shakes it off as the energy disperses. I'm pretty sure you have to... If you go from hiding to hiding, you can do it. Read the ability, read the ability! I'll say for the sake right now of the distraction, go ahead and do it for now, and we'll correct it later if need be. I would rather you have fun than not. So, what's your stealth roll? No, it's in the PDF. Anyway, what did you roll? 15, okay. Good to know. End of your turn. This elemental creature-- Comes up over-- (yelling) As another one tears out of the portal and begins making its way here at full movement to there. This one's going to go ahead and make two strikes towards you, Scanlan. Yep. That's going to be 11. The attack roll. And a natural one. Elementals can't roll today. And you're already on fire, so its fire form won't make much of a difference to you either way. All right, so that's going to end its turn, and the other elemental pours in, that's the end of their round. All right, that brings us to Gern. Flames are out, you push-- not Stimpy-- Coral off of you, Coral standing (groan). No, you can make a quick little aside. You have to shout it out, though. You can certainly try. You can certainly try. Okay. What's the range on the spell? Modify Memory, where is it? There we go, 5th-level. It's a 30-foot range, so you're going to have to get a lot closer. You're getting up from prone, which is half your movement, so you only have 15 more feet you can move, so you wouldn't be able to even get into range. That's true, Cone of Cold. You're out of fifth level. Yeah, and this guy hasn't been touched really, except for her lightning arrow. You can, yeah. Okay, as you stand up and dust off yourself, your fantastic zipper-covered dance jacket, brushing it off with your hands, you lumber forward to the outskirts of this newly cracking rock crust that once was a lava pool and will soon be once again, inhale. As you guys look around, you see this glow, this blue crackling blow-- glow on the inside of his mouth. The blow is how he got to the mountain and then got inspired to shoot the lightning. Gern Blanston. Flying high, no erection. This crackling electric energy in the back of his toothy mouth as he-- (snarl) releases this blast of lightning energy forward, striking into the chest of the fire elemental that freshly stepped out of the portal. What's the saving throw DC on that? 14. It rolled a nine, so go ahead and roll the damage on the breath. How much is it? I'm rolling really bad tonight! 16 points of lightning damage to that elemental. (impact) It pulls back from the blast. You can see its form has to reconvene. There's a little bit of black and gray smoke that billows out from the wound as it turns to you (snarling). You've definitely got its attention. With your bonus action, would you like to do anything with your compadres? Yes, you do. All right. As the skeleton leaps down into the worm (crash), just flat laid out, cracking part of its pelvis... Yep. No music whatsoever. All right. I'm going to go ahead and-- I'm going to ask you to go ahead and roll a performance check. Ten. Trying to recall and hum the song that Scanlan once sang to you, naught but ten minutes before, you don't recall it much at all, and it comes out (tuneless humming). It's discordant enough that on a low wisdom save I'll say the fire elemental's next attack has disadvantage. That was the strangest round of combat I think I've ever had in D&D. All right, Percy, you're up. Follow that. First, top of your round, you take nine points of fire damage. All right, cool, there you go. Perfect. Wasn't sure if you had to be hidden at the top to do it. To which one, this guy there? Right there? All righty. Did you misfire? Oh no! You get down with the gun and (click). You look at it and you can see some of the metal bowing in the centerpiece like, "That's bad. That's bad. That's bad. That's bad!" 25 hits. Sharpshooter? No. That's sharpshooter? Wow. Nice roll. That's your turn. Okay. Finishing up Percy, that brings us to Scanlan. You're still concentrating on Otiluke's Resilient Sphere. Pretty rough. You're going to want to step off of it very soon, probably. Oh, snap. Okay. You can still move after that. So the bolt arcs past, go ahead. Five, no. And a 12 plus three, 15, no. Both fail their saving throw. 8d6 points of lightning damage to both of them. It's a wonderful display, Gern. 33, nice roll. Technically, a second spell can only be as high as second level. You used two spells in one round. However, in spite of that, the blue pill does give you ten additional hit points healed. Yeah, it actually does pick up their pace a little bit now that they have a backtrack. Well, it's currently being surrounded by a swirl of Hex shadow and looking around very confused and wondering why it got up in the morning. Do you want to move out? Yeah, you can. It will yes, but better than possibly falling in. Yes, you are. Takes an action to put it out, though, unfortunately. That's 18 plus six. I believe that does hit you. You take 12 points of fire damage. You already took that damage earlier. Yeah, I rolled for that already, you take nine points of fire damage, I think it was. Plus 12. If I'm wrong, whatever, it's fine. All right. That ends your turn, Scanlan. Keyleth. Yeah, all three of these guys are alive. And this guy's in a hamster ball. Yeah it's a rover just holding him in place. All righty, let's go ahead and roll some saving throws on their end. ('The Prisoner' theme starts playing) Yeah. Six and an eight, both fail. Who is number one? So good, so good. The original one, not the remake. Patrick McGoohan. Two failed saving throws, go ahead and roll damage on that. 28 points of water damage, plus the additional blast of water gallons surging through them, manages to completely scatter both these guys. How much water would be in a Tidal Wave? Oh, there is no way they're surviving that. Unprotected flames are different than lava pools. Water doesn't cool it, it just evaporates. You do. You have a very heavy cloud of steam now, that is (steam sound) to the side. The dancing skeleton and zombie are now just these shadows lit in this cool music video light now as they're (groan) dancing. Exactly. Tidal Wave on fire elementals is nasty, man. ("Thriller" starts playing) Perfect. This is happening, guys. Is that the rest of your turn, Keyleth? Do you want to move somewhere? Yes, what's your question? No, Grasping Vine is a 4th-level spell, I believe, and as a bonus action you can't do anything more than a 2nd-level spell in the same round. Everyone's keeping the dance master alive over there. Eight points of healing to you, Gern. We can't save him. Grog, you're up. Go for it. 14 misses, unfortunately. Are these with great weapon master? That hits. Go ahead and roll damage. 28 points of damage, okay. This time, as you release the first blow of your sword forward, he catches it in the blade of the trident and deflects it off to the side, slamming it into the ground, almost pinning the weapon for a second. He gets up in your face and grins (snarls), and the actual breath that emanates from its teeth begins to burn and singe the edge of your beard hairs. That infuriates you, and you lift up Craven Edge between the blades of the trident. It's a test of strength as you both tense, and eventually you lift it back, and with the backswing, slash him right across his chest with that blow. You see a strike of extremely hot, hot blood splatter across, (sizzling), singe the front of your chest and leave little burn marks on you. He does make the save. Well played. Does that end your turn? Efreet's going to start pushing against the ball, which is going to begin to coast through the air this way. Just gliding through slowly. Yeah, that's about all he can do this turn. No, no, it's what you do. It's what you do. All right, Vax, you're up. Okay. Hold off on those two attacks, just in case how much your critical sneak attack does. Okay, so as you throw the dagger, it goes right past Grog's ear and you hear the (whoosh) of the wind as it just brushes past your face. After you finish your backswing with Craven Edge, as the salamander creature rears back from the impact, it looks towards you, and its eyes twitch ever so slightly to your right as it sees the incoming blade a little too late as it (impact) right into its right eye socket. Its tongue lolls out of its jaw as it falls onto its back, and its tail moves and twitches for a few seconds before it eventually goes limp. Grog stomps it into the ground. The twitching stops, the salamander now destroyed. It's currently in the eye socket, yeah. Yeah. You reach down and grab the dagger, and as you pull it out, (poof) it turns into smoke in your hand. Okay. Yeah, one spell at a time. What are you doing? I know what you're doing, what are you doing? Are you doing your vine as well? So, without any other command, your two friends, Coral and Stimpy, are still over there dancing as the mist slowly dissipates from the deluge. You pull out from the side of your little satchel there your flying broom, which is a pretty decent, medium-sized broom, places it in the air and it rests there, slightly shifting in place. You leap up onto it and grab onto the front as you shoot up from the side. As you place yourself on top of Otiluke's Resilient Sphere, placing all your weight onto it, it sinks a little bit, then it comes to a halt. About three feet it sinks, as you're just standing on top of it. What do you want to do? Okay. Well, you've already cast a 5th-level spell twice, how many 5th-level spells can you cast per day? Yeah, unfortunately you're out of 5th-level slots. Yeah, you're getting down to about the 40-second mark. Yes, you can do that. You can jump onto it and begin to push down. You leap in the air and jump on it again and as you do the orb (sinking noise) and just slowly, over the next 15 seconds shove it down to the point where you're over the orb on the very top, as you can feel the spell about to dissipate. Grog, go ahead and roll an arcana check. Six. This isn't working. No, it has to have an anchor point somewhere. Okay, I want you to make an athletics check. Actually, no, this would be a full strength check. Just roll a strength check. You have advantage because you're still raging. Although you wouldn't be raging anymore because you spent time concentrating on the spell, you could go into a rage for this if you'd like to, spend another use of your rage. Okay, you go into a rage. All right, as you step into the lava, you suffer 26 points of fire damage from wading up to your knees in molten rock. Halved because of your resistance. 22. With that you, (boof), you shove the sphere, which shifts back about halfway to there. You have to catch yourself on the side, grabbing the broom and holding it out here as you're stepping the other direction. I want you to make an acrobatics check. Seven. As you (slipping noise) slip off the top of the sphere, begin to fall back toward the lava behind you, in a very Lord of the Rings Gollum tumbling into Mount Doom type of view. (sploosh) Back first into the lava. Actually, you take six points of fire damage. Impacting-- rolled really low on that. (sploosh) You can feel the back of your scales and the flesh on your back immediately begin to burn with horrifying pain. You're holding your broom aloft, 'cause you don't want that to go in the fire. And with that, the sphere breaks. (disgruntled moans) Right now we're going back to the initiative order, since combat has re-initiated with the sphere opened. That brings us to the top. The efreet, now freed from its sphere, is going to go first. He is livid. All right. He's going to fly back up. (groans) You do. Yes, you can. Go ahead and roll-- Oh, wait, no, it's a 2nd-level spell. It auto-- Yeah. Yeah. Because it is a 2nd-level spell. As its form begins to vanish, Scanlan, what do you do to counter it? And that bit of chaos is just enough, as he begins to cast his innate Invisibility spell, it looks over. "What in the-- Shit!" And loses the spell concentration. The invisibility field vanishes, and it stands there above. All right, that brings us to Vax. Make an acrobatics check. Darting around the side there, because you are hasted with this, so you can actually just dart around the side. Yes. Go for it. That hits. Shit, jeez, 34. How did you get 34 on your attack? 30, okay. That's okay. A 30 works. 34, I was just like (groaning) bleeding from the nose, I couldn't deal with it. 30 hits. Seven. Got it. Cool. That ends your turn, Vax. That brings us to Vex. All right. It is... That's right, so you Hunter's Mark once again. Put that back on there. All right. All right, so Lightning Arrow again, go ahead and roll for the attack. That hits, go ahead and roll damage. Gern, you're on deck. 23 points of damage, all righty. (impact) The lightning slams into his chest, and you can see it arcs through its scimitar that it's holding up in its hand, and it shakes and almost drops the weapon, and catches its arm as the electricity disperses out the edge of the blade and looks back at you. He's now glaring at both you and Scanlan. All right, that's as far as you can get there. Gern, top of your turn, you take 24 points of fire damage from the lava as you're sinking into it. (sizzling) Right now you can try and cast, in this area, but you would have a hard time concentrating. I'd say you'd have to take a concentration check to even get a spell out, because you're in so much pain. I'd say you would probably want to move out of the lava before you do that. So you (straining) stand up. It's too deep and you're having to basically wade your way through, which is burning your hands as you get over there. You were holding your broom! So here's what you do. You go ahead and you lift yourself up out of the lava onto the broom and then (blowing) push. You're not fully on it, and it's hard to engage its mental commands directly with the current amount of chaos around you, but you do manage to skirt yourself to the very edge of the lava and land on your feet, which are numb after the sheer amount of pain you've suffered, and you don't even want to look down at what you look like from the waist below. So she takes the broom from your hand. What are you going to cast? Okay! As you should be. All right, so you get to go ahead and roll. Let me get to the spell here real fast. Disintegrate. Oh, it just makes a dexterity saving throw! It doesn't even get a chance. All right, what's your spell DC again? 16. It rolled a two. That's going to be bad. All right, roll 10d6 plus 40 damage. Damn! Disintegrate doesn't mess around. It's an all or nothing spell. If they make the save, nothing. You don't make it, (explosion). 76 points of force damage. As you get out, you can see your vest itself is burning, there's still elements of embers burning at the edges of the leather and the cloth. The bottom part of your scales are a combination of blue, black, and little bits have cracked open where you can see red flesh underneath. There's a lot of burn damage. They're really glowing. However, as you turn around, as your fin jewelry on the sides of your face jangles with the speed as you spin around and point your finger upward, the arcane energy forming at the end of your finger, this singular beam of dull green arcane energy streaks forward. The efreet, who is currently focused on Scanlan and watching Vex run past, looks down just in time to see you release the spell. Opens his eyes and attempts to dodge out of the way, unfortunately not fast enough. It blasts in the side of its shoulder and you can see as a whole chunk of its back muscle, shoulder, and lower torso are just turned to dust, exposing bone and elements of its musculature and flesh underneath. It goes (snarls) and looks down. It can't even make a loud emission of pain, it's just gutturally whispering its horrible suffering. As it looks down, it reaches up with its hand and cauterizes the wound on the back of its body, leaving it a charred cinder. It glares down at you, extremely angry. "I hate you most of all, scarecrow!" Percy, you're up. Unless you want your dudes to do anything, by the way. They're still over there dancing. They're just cheering on. You can certainly try. All right, so the Hex moves over. Go for it. 22 hits. Strength? 23. Yeah. Sorry. Little bitch. Plus 1d6, don't forget. Wow, Disintegrate spell fucked him up. Nice. Is this with your pistol? And what's your first range increment on that? The pistol? Your first range increment. That's right. Good call. All right, so fire again. Yeah. That hits, roll damage. Scanlan, you're up next, by the way. All righty. (two impacts) Just as it manages to cauterize the wounds from the Disintegrate spell, both bullets blast into its torso, and you can see it's now, thinking the height advantage would be helpful, after being locked in a hamster ball and now being repeatedly blasted from every which way, it's not enjoying its current experience by any means. 18 hits. Nice! This one (impact) blasts into the center of its chest, and you can see part of its pectoral muscle tears open and flame erupts from the impact. It reaches up and (snarling). Go for it, okay. 22 hits. This is going to be a rough round for him. Ooh! You got it. That's a hit. Go for it, roll damage. Damn, man. All right. (two impacts) These holes are beginning to appear in its body where the bits of fiery flesh are being blasted away from the impacts of your weapon. All right, that brings us to Scanlan! You guys held him-- If the spell you put into it was a fourth 3rd-level spell, yeah. Right. Yeah, so it wouldn't be a 4th-level spell because you didn't cast into it as a 4th-level. Oh, got you. It wouldn't count against your daily. It's in addition to that. All right, all right. With a five, it does not make its saving throw. Go ahead and roll damage. 8d6. How do you want to do this? (cheering) It's hard-pressed from this angle, unfortunately. Grog is at an angle where you wouldn't really be able to do that. Mind you, when you blast him, he'll plummet close to his feet, if you wanted to. So, as you charge up and blast the lightning bolt from your crotch region, you then do a little dance maneuver with your waist, causing it to (crackling) carve a Scanlan S into the torso of the efreet. As it plummets to the ground, slamming into where the lava would be, while the fire doesn't hurt its form, you can see, Grog, as it stands in the ground (groaning). Its form is turning into ash around you. It's actually just dissipating and turning to ash as its eyes roll up and meet with yours. All right. You suffer 26 points of fire damage, reduced to 13 from taking another round in there. As you take Craven Edge and take the head off. As the head rolls away-- You grab it! It turns to ash. You get out of the lava, stand on the side, and look over just as the rest of the head turns to ashes. Okay. Roll sleight of hand. Yes, you can. Plus? Total of 16? As you're dealing with this, you have no notice of this. You may question it later, if you like, but you have no idea where it went, and didn't see any of this transaction happen. Make a deception check. Make an insight check now. 13. She's telling the truth, man. That broom just went straight in the lava. At this point, you hear the flickering of flame and the portal itself has begun to expand even further, glowing brighter. Okay. As this is happening, the flames themselves grow higher and higher. The lava begins to boil and roil. As you guys all move up to the side, you can see the lava is beginning to (bubbling) splash out and spray bits are starting to scatter as some of the nearby trees tumble over. You can see the four Fire Ashari as well as Korren come across one of the clearings. The other way, you see what looks to be another salamander gets thrown about 15 feet from the trees, hits the ground, skids, and is motionless as you see Cerkonos with the rest of the Pyrah, the Fire Ashari stepping through. "Keyleth. We saw your symbol. Is it time?" "All right. Let us try to close this rift." And the rest of the druids all begin to gather around the outside of this portal. As it's flickering, you can see, piercing into the extremely blinding light, Keyleth, you take a moment, and using your attachment to the Fire Ashari and the Fire Elemental Plane from your last passage through it, you can see past the brightness and see beyond the doorway. You can see on the other side, there appears to be probably another half dozen or a dozen or so of a few other elementals and salamanders that are now making their way towards the portal. All right. As the rest of the Ashari begin to gather around the portal and concentrate, they are managing to hold the rift in its current size. You see as beads of sweat begin to pour down Korren's face, not used to this type of terrain. He goes (gasps), "We need more power!" "If you can aid, whatever you have to bring to this, please, now is the time!" Does anyone wish to help with the ritual? All right, how would you wish to help? What do you think would lend itself to a fire gate-sealing ritual? It could be a spell, it could be a use of a skill. How would you like to--? Make an arcana check. 19. The Blink candle, which you crafted from various parts from blink dogs and other creatures that have natural translocation capabilities, might have the capability, as this is a doorway between planes, and teleportation magic is based on creating short-form doorways between similar spaces, might have some impact on the ritual if used properly. As Coral takes the candle, (groans) turns around and begins to just slowly melt, steps into the lava. Nine points of fire damage to Coral who was already sitting at-- And had taken six damage, right? So 15 from 33. Coral's at half health. Coral, as this is rough terrain, gets part of the way there, then continues walking forward the rest of the way. Takes an additional 17 points of damage. So that's 32 points of damage. What's Coral's hitpoints? 33 is the max? Yep. On the sheet right there. I can read my own text. 33 hit points. Coral, at one hitpoint, gets up to the lava, take the candle and (boof). As the energy expands from it, you can see a ripple, a heat wave ripple, that billows outward. Coral vanishes entirely and the portal shrinks down by about five to six feet, actually closing in its space Suddenly you hear a (zip) and Coral appears about ten, 15 feet in the air-- Smack! Coral falls those 15 feet, taking six points of bludgeoning damage. Let's see if Coral survives this with Undead Fortitude. Nope. That is a roll of eight versus a total DC of 11 with the damage taken, and Coral just splats like a really, really old orange just slammed into the concrete, just (splatting). One of the Fire Ashari goes (cringing, gagging) and just ends up concentrating on holding the gate. However, that did aid the ritual. We have two more folks who could aid in this ritual. How would that help the ritual? Yeah. Oh yeah. All right, go ahead and make a nature roll with advantage. This is your understanding of the natural elements of the world around you and the connection you have with the fire elemental plane. 23. As you begin to concentrate, your hands instinctively burst into flames to coalesce your connection to the Fire Elemental Plane. As you complete the Plane Shift spell, your form shimmers for a second, and for a moment it looks like she's only partially there. She's actually translucent, as flames begin to lick up the sides of her body. At this point, you can see the lava flow in the mountain begins to slow and the bubbling begins to come to a stillness. The portal itself shimmers again and then shrinks down to the size of a normal doorway, about five foot by ten foot tall, and it's just barely holding on. As you're concentrating on holding it in its place, you can see now the rest of the druids around are sweating profusely. Who wishes to take on the last part of this ritual? Planar Shift you said. Finding ways to tailor magic essences into this type of a ritual. You don't know. You'll find out. However you wish to aid this ritual and justify how it would be helpful in this instance. Hmm. Okay. Okay. I will say-- hmm. How do I make this work? I'm going to want you to go ahead and make an acrobatics check. All right. You rush up, leaping off the side, spinning in the air. As you, do you unfurl the cape and turn it into a limited parachute-type projection and as you slam it down towards-- I need you to go ahead and make a wisdom check to see if you have the capability of triggering the magic of the item at the right time to be impactful. Yeah. 13? That's better. As you come down, you take the cape and encase, you trigger the magic, at which point the remainder of this doorway just blinks out entirely, the cape gone. The doorway, gone. As Vax (splashing) right into the lava. Okay. You take 22 points of fire damage as you splat into the lava. So it resisted to 11. So you (splashing) in the lava. All of a sudden, images flash in your head of the time that you lost most of your foot in the Underdark. And you go-- And, before you can even react, all of a sudden, something wraps around your waist and yanks you out as a vine pulls you in an arc and slams you into the hard obsidian floor on the outside of the lava flow. The rest of you gather there as the rest of the druids finish their concentration. The lava pools themselves have gone still and you can see elements beginning to cool, and there's currently no sign of a tear between the elemental planes that's currently bursting through. She would be back here. You're on the ground, right next to a dancing skeleton. You would be part of the ritual. But you fell next to the dancing skeleton. Taking another 21 points of fire damage. Reduced to ten. The druids look around and give a nod of acceptance. All of them acknowledge you, who they have not met and don't understand quite where you came from or why you're here. One of them, who is currently missing an arm on one hand. Dark, weathered skin, long jet black hair cruising down to the middle of his back, approaches you and his one right arm he puts on the shoulder and says, into your eyes, "I do not know you, friend, "but you have come to our aid at an hour when we really required it." He removes his hand. "Very well." "Candle?" He does this and his finger bursts into flame and you can see a flame flickering. "We do "not need candles here in Pyrah. But thank you." Insinuated, actual finger. At this point, Korren, your father, approaches you and places a hand on your shoulder, and turns you around to look you in the face. And you can see there's smears of dirt and still glistening from sweat from the whole ritual and looks a bit weathered and winded from the experience. "Keyleth, I'm proud of you." I think we will stay here and help the Pyrah try and rebuild. And he takes your chin and pulls it up and looks you in the face with a broad smile on his face, he says, "The road before you, Keyleth, is hard and fraught with loss and sadness. To live is "to struggle against the void. But it's those moments of darkness that define the joy of the "world around them. Learn from the loss and push forward as a beacon of perseverance, of hope for "life after pain. This is one of the pillars of strength of a leader. One that I have learned with the "loss of your mother. But you are my beacon of hope. And to many more than you even expect." And he looks back towards the four other members of the Zephrah tribe that are all just looking at you, and they nod. "I trust you will not. Go forth, while we stay here. I want you to grasp your destiny, "vanquish this terrible beast that lies on the shores of Tal'Dorei. Complete your Aramente." "Whatever your destiny is, grasp it. But you've chosen this path, and all destiny really "is, is the choices you make, leading towards a goal that perhaps you do not yet understand. But "when you've returned I wish for you to teach us the wisdom you've gained on this journey." "Kaitiaki, Keyleth." "No." "It's all right, we will keep an eye out for it though." "Well, unless there's anything else, we have business to attend to in restoring this area. I "wish you all great luck. " "Call to Zephrah. Come home. And we will come with you." As he looks over all of you, giving each a look of-- a nod of respect and appreciation-- ("Don't You" by Simple Minds plays) Glances past to Grog, Vex, and lingers a very long look on Vax, and just gives you a nod. Yeah. "Stay safe. For her sake." And Korren turns around and walks back, as the rest of the Zephrah Ashari walk along with him. You, through all this chaos, get a little bored and frustrated with all this weird nonsensical stuff, look at the ground and realize there's a lot of hidden treasures scattered amongst this vicinity. Make an investigation check. Yes. As you look down and say "all these treasures around," you get a closer look. The ground here is rugged rock and black ash and dust and pieces of charred and burnt, petrified wood, and right around the outskirts of where the lava pool is, you can see what look to be broken slivers of soot-covered dragon scale just peppered throughout the landscape. Barely visible until you look real close, thanks to the constant barrage of blacken soot and dust that falls from the nearby area. You just leave? You guys watch as Gern Blanston begins walking around and, like a gutter snipe, or one of the people on the beach with a metal detector, starts combing through. Which she says with a strange doppler effect even though he's but 20 feet away from you and has chosen to ignore the rest of your party to go about his business. As your skeleton's in the background dancing. Yeah, only one left. There's plenty of charred corpses littered all over this mountaintop you could make undead from. It follows him. All right, so the rest of you, what is your next course of action? You already cast Transport via Plants this day, that's how you got here. And with that, Vox Machina leaves Gern to his business as they go and camp out at the base of the mountain. And with that, we're going to finish tonight's game! (laughter) Yeah. You heard it, guys. Critters' call to action. Make it happen. All right, well, guys. Chris, thank you so much for coming and hanging out with us. There is a definite distinction. Well, thank you all so very much for watching tonight. Hope you enjoyed tonight's episode. We return next Thursday, 7PM Pacific time once again to pick up the next length of Vox Machina's journey. Everyone, show your love on Twitter to Chris, @hardwick. Thank you again for coming and being an amazing wizard for all of us. And is it Thursday yet? See some of you guys tomorrow, and if not, next week.