Welcome back, everyone, to the next episode of Critical Role! This week, we have a full party. We'll be continuing just after the climactic battle with the twisted beholder, K'varn. We're going to go ahead and play a couple of videos here while we're waiting for the rest of the party members to settle in, so we'll be back here in just a few minutes. Sit tight and we'll get this party started. We have some fun announcements, some cool gifts that came in we'll be opening towards the end of the session today, but we'll go into those details shortly, so see you in a little bit. Yes. Seriously guys, seriously, that was so cool of you to send that out there, and we want to say, happy sixth graduation, Aaron, congrats to you, well done. (cheering) I consider that a very fine entrepreneurial position. You're getting started young, good man. Thank you so much, and thank you again, Aaron and Aaron's books. That's awesome, guys. I don't know, it's so weird. Okay, so a couple quick things. First off, thank you guys for coming back and watching. Last week we had a few members away, so we had a fun little mini-game with a few folks, some who had played before, some who hadn't, and it turned out very interestingly. I hope my DM's tips were helpful for some folks out there. There's been some great feedback, and hopefully we'll do more things like that in the future for off-days. So, thanks to you. Welcome back, we're getting back into the main story line. Couple other quick things I wanted to mention first off a big shout-out, birthday shout-out to Kit Buss, our fantastic artist for the show. (cheering) She's awesome, she's amazing, and I've seen a couple little previews of the next piece of art she's been working on and it looks pretty awesome. I think you guys are going to dig it. So she's not done, when she's finished drinking her birthday shots, then I think we'll hopefully see that soon. (laughs) Awesome, thank you so much, Kit! Exactly, it's priorities! Also, anyone have any announcements they want to mention before we start the game? Any upcoming stuff? That's true, yeah! DC Kids on Youtube just released their new Super Friends animated series that both me and Travis are in. Well, you play Lex Luthor. It's a really, really cute show, it's a lot of fun, it's very much a playback to the classic Super Friends cartoon, that kind of comedic atmosphere. You should check it out. Yeah. Yeah, it gets a little weird around episode three. I don't think DC's happy with how we treated the license for that one. (laughter) That's every character I do now. Matthew Mercer, reading for Superman (croaking noise) Also, if anyone else has any other announcements they want to mention? MARISHA AND Kreoss. Kreoss, Asphyxius, couple other guys. It's fun, it's on Steam. Asphysius is the character's name, lich lord Asphyxius, he's bad in town. Awesome! MetroCon next weekend. Okay. Real fast, before we get to that, I will be, for those who are near-- Well, we already hit the mark! That works, you guys are amazing! I'll finish my last announcement, then we'll go to that. Go, start the giveaway! So we have four sets of those to give away. Every 50 subscribers another set goes out, guys, so that's amazing. Whoa. Okay, there we go. (laughs) That was close. I just rolled a one on my camera save. Final announcement before we get to the game, for those who are-- (shushing noises) Can't all talk at once. Also, this weekend I'll be in Sandusky, Ohio, at Colossal Con along with such great folks as Johnny Yong Bosch, Steve Blum, other fun greats-- Yeah. (laughs) Yeah, because water parks are totally sanitary. Hot tub's going to be great. You are the winner of the first set. Congratulations, that's awesome. There you go, that worked out well, very Cthulhu-ian. Well awesome, so we hit our next 50, we'll do another giveaway, we have three more of those packages to give out, guys, so hopefully keep that up. All right, anything else or should we get back into the chaos? You should be. Where we left off. It's okay. The party, as they ventured deep into the Underdark beneath the Cliffkeep Mountains in the dwarven city of Kraghammer, they sought and discovered Lady Kima of Vord, a folk hero, a paladin of Bahamut who had been captured and tortured by the duergar that lived beneath it. After saving her, they discovered that there was an even deeper, darker, more dangerous evil brewing beneath the surface. There was an illithid, or mind flayer, city of Yug'voril deeper within these cavern structures, and currently the Elder Brain of the colony was under the control of an entity known as K'Varn, they came to find out was a self-mutilated and advanced beholder, who had come into contact with a dark artifact known as the Horn of Orcus that was actually gifted many many, many many, like hundreds of years ago by the god of undeath himself, Orcus, to one of his avatars. Somehow it found its way to this beholder, and gave it enough power to where it gained complete dominion over this colony and these caverns as a whole. The party fought their way through and made a few allies, including the ousted mind flayer, Clarota, seeking to return to his colony, has been fighting alongside them, as well as Lady Kima, the paladin they came to save. Upon finding their way into the final cavern, they used their magic carpet to completely go around the giant city of Yug'Voril, perch on top of the temple in the center of the city, and using a polymorphed fomorian giant (laughs), cascading down hundreds upon hundreds of feet, through the glass structure on top, managed to break their way into the temple, after which a very dangerous battle with K'Varn the beholder took place. A number of very close calls. I posted the stats for them after the fight, if any of you guys got a chance to see it. They made saving throws where it counted, or we'd have a lot more party members that'd be permanently dead. But they managed to take him out; using Tiberius's Telekinesis, they tore the horn from its forehead and the beholder fell to the ground, unmoving and finally killed, as opposed to its undead form, and that's where we begin. As you guys all sit there looking around yourselves, adrenaline still pumping in your ears, the flow of blood. At which point, Clarota turns to you and says, "You. Bring her." Points to Kima, who is still frozen in stone mid-wielding her maul. "Stay but a moment; I will talk to them." That low enough level? No, unfortunately. I know that. (laughter) Also requires verbal casting. You also have to be able to speak. So while you're talking to them, Scanlan is tapping you and mouthing words angrily. Orcus, yes. Okay. I assume you guys have come down in here then. Okay. Good. As you say that, Clarota turns, and the two stone doorways on each side of the temple shift open and you notice three mind flayers glide in from the side of the room. Two small, bi-pedal, brain-like creatures. At which point, Clarota puts his hands up like this. Yeah, you're still being held back, but you can try to break from the grapple if you want to roll an athletics check. Nope, you're still held against the bars. Still not enough, unfortunately. Okay. As they begin to move in, and are hovering forward, looking around the room, taking in the scenery, but they're all focused toward the center, they're all just moving towards the Elder Brain. And they make their way up towards it, looking very intent and very frightened at the prospect of what maybe has happened in this room. As they all approach, you can see that low, dull, kind of purplish glow of the Elder Brain is still pumping, but slowly brighter and brighter, almost like it's coming to more life. You can hear the cage rattling of the various entities that are still inside, like the one that's still grappling Grog off to the side. The horn of Orcus, which is still being held aloft by your Telekinesis spell, is just hovering through the air, slowly rotating on its own, little strips of K'Varn's flesh still freshly tumbling from the side. So right here? Not this big, of course. As they all move towards the center, Clarota, with his hands up, turns around, pulls back the hood, and steps towards the other mind flayers, hands stretched out, moving up to the point here. The three illithid look over and notice Clarota, and there's a good 20 or 30 seconds of silence as they just look at each other. At which point, Clarota kind of turns around to the rest of the group and looks at them, looks at all of you and lowers his head a little bit as the mind flayers move in towards Clarota, one reaches over and pulls the cap from the back of his head, removes it, at which point Clarota raises up, and if you think you've ever seen an entity with tentacles for a mouth smile, the creases in his awful, rubbery, fleshy face almost give a look of joy, of rediscovered connection, and he looks out to the rest of you and bows a head for a second. I need Grog, Scanlan, Tiberius, Vax, and Pike to all make-- Intelligence saving throws. Intelligence saving throws. Not very wise, there, Grog. This would be-- no, it would not be. 23, 20. Scanlan? 12. Pike? Okay. Grog? Okay! So. Currently, all the mind flayers at once, including Clarota, angrily lash out with a Mind Blast. You feel your brains all of a sudden fill with searing, horrible pain. Some of you manage to shrug it off, but the rest of you find your bodies locking in place. All right, everyone who failed their save, which would be-- Keyleth, what'd you roll? Oh, you need to roll as well, sorry, you're in the blast there. You're still an earth elemental. Not good? All right, that'll be 22 points of psychic damage to Grog, to Pike. No, you passed this. You're fine. Scanlan, you are currently stunned, you are actually unable to physically move. Pike, as well. The rest of you manage to resist the Mind Blast, but at this point in time you can now see that this crew, including Clarota, now reconnected with its people, your purpose serving its end, you're about to be swarmed by the rest of the entire city. Let's roll initiative, guys. All right, so. 25 to 20? Nice. 20 to 15? All right, 15 to ten? All right, Grog? Vex, you're up first. Okay. As you guys do notice-- you guys are beginning to see what looks like shadows seemingly coming out from the outside, and you hear what seems to be slight cackling of things sort of in the doorways. So you're shooting Hail of Thorns down into the Elder Brain? Go ahead and roll for the attack. 19 will hit, yes. What, the teleportation one? One minute. Pretty sure it's one minute I thought it was. Spellcasting time one minute. Okay, so you release the first Hail of Thorns. The arrow shatters into a whole-- That'll be all four of them. How much damage do they take? Unless they make a what? Do they have a saving throw against it? Okay. Against what? So two of them make it, two of them don't. All right, so Clarota and the one nearest to it get behind a pillar for a second and manage to reduce the damage a bit, but the other two are completely pierced all over their bodies where shattered pieces of these kind of jagged thorn arrows exploded all over them and the Elder Brain. The pulsing begins to-- you hear this shrieking in your mind, like the actual presence of the Elder Brain is starting to yell out in pain. You feel it's hardy but hurting. I mean, it's very hefty, it's a large chunk of matter, so god knows how long it would take to take that one down, but it's definitely-- (laughs) it hurt. It's not happy with that. Do you want to move at all or do you want to stay where you are? Yeah, that's right! 15 does not hit, unfortunately. You actually fire down and it hits the stonework and the arrow splinters against it. Stay where you are? Jump? What could possibly go wrong! Okay, that's the end of your turn. Keyleth, you're up. You have shadows moving in from the two open doorways on each side right now. Essentially it's a giant stone platform that houses the Elder Brain at the center. This is one doorway. That's the other. That-- ooh, that's maybe not enough. Yeah no, that's longer than 35 feet. What do you want to do? Just letting you know, just putting this into perspective, here you're fighting four illithid in the room. You have a city swarming on you right now. Okay, what are you doing? Are you casting a spell? What's the movement speed of the earth elemental? 35 feet? As it's still able to move through stone as well? Okay, it is a thick floor. You actually shift into the stonework of the flooring itself and coast through, popping up right out there. That'll get you right at the doorway. You can see there is a slow spiraling incline, like a small-- like an inclined pathway that you can see four illithid making their way up right now, with some large looming stomping sounds coming up behind them. Okay. Go ahead and make your slam attack or attacks, depending on how many-- Yeah. 26, okay go ahead and roll damage on that. Since you are an earth elemental, you do extra siege damage against structures, don't you? 42 points of damage. So the stone structure, which is pretty rigid and this is an old, old structure; the strange, weird, non-Euclidean design of it has a slight warbling feel to it. You take both of your earth elemental fists and slam them into the side. As you do, the structure gives way and a good 30 feet or so crumbles down around you. You can feel the stones raining onto you. Because of your proximity, you take four points of impact damage. This entire doorway is ruined, and there's a good 15-foot pile of stonework now blocking that entranceway. Yeah. But there's a hole above it, where the stone fell through. So there is about 50 feet up a section of the wall that is collapsed down. Okay, do recall that mind flayers do levitate. All right, Tiberius, you're up. You can also see forms swarming through the other doorway over there. Yeah. Yep. You are. No, I'm pretty sure-- if the item says "attunement" on it, you have to spend a short rest attuning yourself with the weapon. If either of them does. Right, but your Ioun stone-- you mean take it from him? You would have to attune it to yourself in order to use it. It takes a short rest. What are you doing? The other doorway isn't blocked, you have mind flayers running in, you have probably more and more swarming from underneath the temple, probably over at some point, from what you've seen of the temple structure. Okay. That's true. Okay, so you use your action, go ahead and roll for that, for the crushing of Telekinesis. You're adding your modifier, which I think is five. As you focus intensely, you feel that the Horn itself-- the sheer force of the artifact is far too powerful for your meager magic to have any sort of effect on its physical structure. As you focus your arcane intent on crushing it, you feel almost like the back of your brain begins to crawl with cold energy, and if you could hear-- if you could hear laughter come from something that is inanimate, you're hearing it coming from the Horn right now. That's your action. Not currently, no. 30, that's as far as you can get. You already used your action to Telekinesis. That's how it works. Okay. That brings us-- end of Tiberius's turn, to Percy. Okay. Go ahead and roll twice. 21 does hit. Yeah, roll both. No. All righty. All right, gotcha. Okay, good. All right, so as you (gunshot) turn over the barrel of your weapon, fire again, the second one bursting into flame as it hits the top of the Elder Brain, you can see both bullets sink into the flesh. There's no impact; they just seem to be absorbed in by it. The flame one, you see a jet of flame go from the inside and the flesh of the actual large Elder Brain quivers for a moment. You hear another shrieking, angry pain growl in your minds just by the proximity of this entity. You don't see it doing too much to it, but it's definitely hurting it. That ends your turn? Clarota spins and comes up behind you-- You are stunned currently, so it gets advantage on that. So that's 24. All right, so Clarota's tentacles wrap around your head-- (gasping) You immediately take 15 points of psychic damage and you are currently grappled. Yes. All right, that comes to Pike! Pike, you're stunned currently, mind still reeling from the pain; go ahead and make an intelligence saving throw. Your physical form is still unable to pull yourself out of that continuous psychic pain, you're like (groans) trying to just tear your mind out of it, unable to do so. Vax, you're up. You can rush there, you would have to get up onto here. All right, got it. All right, go ahead and roll for attack twice. As a note, as you rush by, for an attack of opportunity, the intellect devourer does reach out and strike at you with its claws. Rolls a one. You just kick it off to the side, it rolls on its side, its brain matter (clunks) on the ground. You get three if you use your bonus to attack. Total 17? That would still-- it doesn't miss, but as you strike down for it, there's a psychic field that's defending it, and your blade is held at bay by the protective sphere. Okay, that does hit. No. Okay. It makes its saving throw. Rolled a 17. 14. The second one strikes through, the poison tries to pulse through but once again it resists the impact; the third dagger comes down and before it even gets halfway towards, there's a blast of psychic energy from the inside of the containment unit that holds the Elder Brain that (boof) forces your hand back, the attack deflected entirely. That ends your turn. The other three illithids now go. This one's also going to turn around, reach forward, and its tentacles are going to attempt to wrap around Pike's head-- That's going to be a 20? No, it's just 20. So Pike, you go ahead and take-- this'll be 15 points of psychic damage. I rolled a total of 20. And you're stunned currently, so you take 15 points of psychic damage as you feel-- as you're trying to resist yourself, these cold tentacles wrap across the front of your field of vision, and you can feel this weird, toothy, pointy, biting sensation beginning to push towards the back of your skull. This one-- This one here is going to-- Tiberius, that is a 15 versus AC. What's your AC? 17, as you're rushing toward the magic carpet that just took off, yeah, you look over and the tentacles swing toward you, you duck just underneath and manage to avoid the attack. Now the two intellect devourers. One's going to go ahead and look up towards the magic carpet that's taking off and-- here we go. Oh, within ten feet? No, you're too far away. So instead it's going to go for you on top of the Elder Brain. I want you to go ahead and make an intelligence saving throw, Vax. Natural 20! So you feel a similar blast of screaming energy, like you feel from the illithids, but it's more primal and more guttural. You manage to shrug it off in your mind and angrily look down at this weird, fleshy creature. The other one moves up and attempts to blast you again from the opposite side. Make another intelligence saving throw. 19! Once again you feel from the back of your brain this like stunning impact and you shrug it off looking over this way. All right, that brings us to Scanlan. Yeah, so go ahead and make your saving throw. You shrug off the stunned effect, you're currently grappled by the entity. LAURA, ASHLEY, and And then also make an intelligence saving throw. Okay. Unfortunately, you're still stunned. You resisted the mind effect, but the tentacles on your head are now locking your brain in place, and your eyes are kind of rolling back in your head as you feel the illithid's mouth begin to push against the outside of your head. Grog? Yeah. Just go ahead and roll an athletics check. A natural one? A natural one; it rolled a four! Okay. So it's still holding you in place; you have your axe you picked up off the ground with your chain of returning; you can't physically move from your position as it's holding you there. Well, no, you threw it over here and retrieved it at the end of the battle. So what do you want to do? You have your axe with your chain of returning, you just can't move, but you can still throw if you want to. Well, you can throw to either of them right now. They're both bent over gnome heads, they're bigger-- He's here, and that's Pike. You guys were right there. Okay, go ahead and roll for an attack. 22, definitely hits, go ahead and roll damage. 14 points of damage, all right. That one, you throw the axe, it slams into the shoulder of the illithid that's grabbing on to him. You see it look up at you angrily and a large portion of its chest is now gashed open and blood is pouring from the wound, but it's still holding tight right now. I think that's going to end your turn. Do you want to pull your axe back? Go ahead and you (grunts). Go ahead and make your check. Yeah. A 20, you have to roll a d20, that was a d12. So you pull on the chain of returning and it yanks the axes out of the wound and you catch it in midair, preparing for the next round. All right, first round of combat over. Let's roll better, guys. This is looking really dire. Vex, you're up. You're up at the top, you have a clear view of everyone. As it is, these two illithids look kind of hurt, these two look really rough, this one looks really rough, both of these guys haven't been damaged yet but they have low hit points. Oh right, sorry. (laughter) In the confusion-- 14 unfortunately does-- You're stunned. No, unfortunately. Unfortunately, no. You know what? He is grappling and he is right in the way, I'll go ahead and give you advantage on that attack. Roll again. Roll again. Take whatever it is. 22 will hit, okay. Because it is a stationary position, completely engulfing, and you have such a great view from above. Okay. Did you roll your Hunter's Mark damage? Don't forget Hunter's Mark. Okay, gotcha. That's your first strike. 18. Okay! So both strikes (whoosh). Go ahead and roll for damage. 19, okay. Both arrows (zoomf, zoomf), one embeds itself in the wound that Grog had left with the axe and you see the body tenses. Clarota stares up at you with this beaming angry look on his face; you realize, oh shit, Clarota's the one that's going after Scanlan. Your second arrow you bring down and release and it pierces the side of its face, gashing through and embedding itself in the chest. You can see now Clarota's looking really rough, but he's still holding taut. This horrible thought goes into your mind suddenly, a familiar voice saying, "You've all done your work. "Now it's time to feast!" All right, that ends your turn; Keyleth, you're up. Okay, so you're going to pop up here? Over here? Right there? So what are you doing on the well, you're just grabbing it? No, it's embedded in the ground. What are you doing? Okay, go ahead and make a slam attack on the side 16? You slam into the side of this; you're not attacking the brain, you're attacking the stonework. You can feel there is some psychic resistance, but because you're not attacking the brain directly, your fist slams into it, making purchase in the stone. Go ahead and roll damage against the stone. Double damage on this. 20 damage. The side of the stonework crumples inward. Pieces of the stonework itself seem to be jutting in toward the Elder Brain, but it's stopped by some sort of psychic resistance, but the whole side here to here is now just open entirely, and you can see now the hole, the mass of-- there's probably hundreds of various illithid brains that have slowly congealed into one large brain structure as now you can see the underneath area. The liquid it kind of sits in is now pouring out, down the side of the structure. So you only have the one slam attack? Earth elemental doesn't multi-attack? Right. Cool. That's good to know. Go ahead and make another one. Are you attacking the stonework still? Okay. So we'll say you used some of your movement to move this way. By the way, guys, you can break up your movement. You can move, attack, then move if you want to. Yeah! That'll definitely do it; go ahead. Is that total damage? Oh, that's the attack. Okay, go ahead and roll damage. 18's fine. So you break out the second half and now the entire side of it is open. All the fluid just spilled out the side and you get the sensation this is very frowned upon. (laughter) As a note too, just so you guys are aware-- You start seeing a series of other entities slowly making their way up from the downstairs tunnel area. There is. Right behind you, yeah. Yeah, the other door is open. Yeah, he's (whoosh), you can't get to him. No. Percy? (loud clatter) That's what you get! I know. I'm saying it's on his carpet right now, staring at him from the side. No. They're just starting to get to the doorway. You can see them right there. What you got, Tiberius? (laughter) How diplomatic of you! So, Tiberius. How many with that, what level are you using it? It's a little over five feet wide. Technically, yeah. Okay. Okay! All righty. You now start hearing (boof, boof) slamming sounds from the other side of the stone walls. Both sides of the walls are now sealed off with pillars, and a large pile of rubble on that side. All right, Percy, you're up. Okay. That hits. Okay. So, Scanlan, as you're stunned, you feel the tentacles swirling around the back of your head. Teeth are grinding into the back of your skull, and you feel this horrible pain as all of a sudden, Clarota's mouth is beginning to find a way towards your skull. (laughter) In a split second, your longtime ally, now turncoat, is scattered across the stone floor. You're released, you're no longer stunned. You do. There's still one on Pike right now, yeah, right here. That hits. Okay. No you did not. Yeah, the other one-- Even further? Okay. Yeah, you could probably pull it off. It'd be an acrobatics roll, but yeah. Okay. So you're going down to here instead? Okay, you can get about-- we'll say, if you're just going-- All right. Okay. That ends your turn. That brings it-- He just took damage, but he's not done yet. So, Pike, it's your turn. Go ahead and roll to get rid of the Mind Blast stun. Seven? Nope. You're still locked in place. She cannot move. Her entire brain is locked in with a searing clenching pain, psychic energy is just clutching her brain and holding it hostage. You feel, once again, the teeth beginning to pierce the back of the flesh. You feel the teeth of the mind flayer beginning to scrape against the skull, the actual bone it's found in the back. Vax, you're up. Oh, it's somewhere on the ground over here. Over behind this. Okay. Right here? You can't, with the speed you're running there, because your Hasted speed is doubled, so it's 60 feet. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, 11, 12. You can move right there. All right. Unfortunately-- no, that does just hit. How Sneak Attack works is if they're next to someone that's aggressive toward them; they feel like they have people on two fronts, which is why you get the benefit. I will say, circumstantially though, because he is currently grappled on to Pike, and is in the process of trying to grind into her brain with his mouth, he is a little preoccupied at the moment. So I'm going to go ahead and make a perception roll versus your fast movement. Go ahead and make a stealth-- roll stealth to see whether or not he takes notice and changes his position in defense. Okay. Go ahead. The first attack you rolled was a 15, that hits! And that is a Sneak Attack, he did not see you coming that quickly. 33 with the keen dagger? Okay. That was your first attack? Okay, so the first dagger (shnk) sinks into the back of the neck. You just manage to miss all the seriously vital stuff, but you carve a giant section out of the side of its head. The rest of its leathery black outfit's now slick with its own blood. You see it angrily growls, almost this weird guttural, this (gurgling growl) sound as it still remains taut and clenched on Pike, its eyes glaring at you, basically telling you, "Look what I'm about to do to your friend." That hits. That does hit. Eight points of damage. So the first one you stab in the side of the head, you pull back and toss it in the air, catch the second one. As it bursts into flames you place the searing dagger down into the center of its back between its shoulder blades. Its back tenses, and as it does it reaches back and tries to grab for the dagger as you pull back the third one. As it looks back at you it brings up one arm to stop you as it goes in to directly go after Pike's head. The third dagger you then stab it right in the front of the skull. Its eyes roll back in its head and its tentacles limply drag off. (cheering) I'll allow it. Oh my god. Because that guy was next! If we didn't kill him this turn, she would've taken 55 points of damage. Yeah. And if it takes you to zero hit points, they extract the brain and eat it. Let's see if they get their Mind Blast back. Nope. Nope. Seeing both of them get immediately slaughtered, both of these illithids just Plane Shift. A defensive standpoint, self-preservation is kicking in. However, intellect devourers do not have self-preservation. They're there for a specific reason. So this one here is going to move over to this side and is going to attempt to make a Devour Intellect attack against Keyleth. Keyleth, go ahead and make an intelligence saving throw. You keep your intelligence score as you. The physical attributes you get from the elemental form. You keep your intellect, wisdom, and charisma. 18, Okay. You resist the blast of mental impact from the intellect devourer, now on the ground with its four feral legs, its brain form rippling. The second one is going to turn over here and saw the two shots, the one that took out Clarota. It turns up towards Percy, as you've lowered on the magic carpet, Percy. Go ahead and make an intellect saving throw. Eight? All righty. You take 11 points of psychic damage. And you take eight points of intellect damage. No, no, no, no. For this, it basically-- what's your intelligence? 16? Yeah, the blast hits you and you just shrug off the impact. It has to exceed your intelligence. No, no no. You just the additional-- Yeah, the intellect damage is not permanent. Not quite that bad. All right. That ends their turn. That brings us to Scanlan. You're no longer stunned. You now have full capacity of yourself and you're looking around, oh shit. Make a perception check, by the way. Swarming thing that drift up the sides of the temple from the floor. Coming from inside the temple and out toward the top. You're still stunned from the Mind Blast. You haven't made your save. Okay, as you Dimension Door you just go ahead and look back. Using the song of love you gave to Pike, you give back, give a wink to Grog. Grog, you take a 1d10 inspiration. 1d10 inspiration dice to you. It is now. You can. Go ahead and go ahead and make your athletics. Well, you can use it after you do it. See what you roll and then add it. Athletics, yeah. 18? Yeah, you (boosh) break out of the creature's grasp. Suddenly it's reaching at you from behind the bars. You can see there's this slick, brackish oil on your body from where it was holding you. Fleshless arms clutching you to the bars. There is Lady Kima who is turned to stone. You can. She's not a big stone structure. Okay, so you rush, you grab the stone form. You run up. You grab Lady Kima. You grab her in your arms and you rush. The rope is currently dangling from this side where you guys first came in. 50 speed. You can get up to here. You can just get up to the rope and we'll say as your dash action you can begin to climb, if you'd like. Okay. It gets you about there. Rage climbing like (grunts). One-handed up the rope. That's pretty intense. Go ahead and make an athletics check. 17. Yeah, it's sore. You know that arm is going to be dead tomorrow, but right now it doesn't even matter. You're just clutching Lady Kima, still locked in her attack pose, in one arm as you're overhand grabbing the rope and getting yourself up as fast as you can. Rage-climbing up the rope. That brings us to Vex. Right now there's two brains, and you can see just in the outskirts of the temple's side here, two more illithid that are making their way up the side of the temple. With about a hundred or so just now gathering towards the bottom of the temple base. The Elder Brain is still inside, just the stonework on the outside of it is currently knocked out. All right. That'll hit. Releasing again, in midair you can see all the thorns appear out the sides of the arrow shaft. It explodes into a giant conical-- just a ray, almost like a blizzard of thorns. At the end of all the damage you dealt with the attack, you then add Hunter's Mark to that. 24, all righty. Keyleth, go ahead and make a reflex saving throw. Or deflect, yeah, sorry, old carryover, it's dexterity. Ten? Versus your spell save of-- Yeah, so you take the same damage. You take 24 points of damage. 24. So, all the thorns explode against your rocky physical form; you just shrug it off, like it's nothing. (laughs) It tickles a little. Okay. All right, 17-- actually no, 17 will miss. The second, there's some sort of psychic protective field in the brain. As you fire down, the arrow looks like it should strike and then it just arcs off to the side nonsensically, and then just splinters against the stonework next to the-- You going to stay where you are? You going to move? Okay, you climb onto Trinket's back. That brings us to Keyleth. You're up. The liquid is poured out. No, it's actually all-- at a long distance, it looks like one giant brain, close up it looks like all of these smaller brains have all congealed into one giant mind. Yeah. Literally the fluid it was sitting in, it was mostly submerged in, is all now poured out onto the ground near you, beginning to get slick. Okay, go ahead and make an attack roll. 23, that hits, go ahead and roll damage. It's not double damage, because you're not hitting the structure. So 11 points of damage? All right, now I want you to go ahead and make a strength check. So just roll and add your strength modifier of the earth elemental. Okay, as you punch upward, you're still partially absorbed into the earth, but your fist comes through and it slams in, and you feel this sickening thud sound as your fist hits the interior of the brain. It still moves a little bit but it stays in its place held aloft by its own psychic defense mechanism. Make your second attack. 21 hits. Go ahead and roll damage on that one. 16 damage. Go ahead and roll another strength check. Eight? Okay. Once again, you slam your fist into it and you feel like the impact is absorbed partially by the psychic field around the brain. It holds itself in place. It's still not moving from within that small-- You still have about-- I'd say it only took you about 15 feet of movement to get underneath it. Yeah. Okay, so we'll say 25, 30, 35, 40, 45. What's your total burrow speed? So you'll be about there. So you're about as high as Tiberius is, partially up the wall. Up on there. As you glance in, you kinda have a brief look at the outside of the wall and on the opposite side there are two other mind flayers. One more coming up on the side and another troll behind it. And the troll's slamming onto the bricks you left up. And these two illithids are starting to look up and see you moving up, and their eyes go up and they can see the opening in the top of the-- where the wall collapsed earlier. And they both look up and kinda start drifting up towards it. So that ends your turn. Tiberius, you're up. Well, it's Percy, Pike, Vax, and then they go. Then Scanlan, Grog. All right, so Grog, Trinket, and-- Yourself. Okay. What's the fly speed on that? It's on the card, the cards I gave you. 60 feet. You make your way up top and you're now hovering. Trinket's now having another Peter Pan moment with you on his back awkwardly. It's just gotten used to flying on its own, that one time it had. Now it has an extra weight on its back. (bear noises) All right. It's a free action, I'll let you do that. (laughs) Percy, you're up. You're holding back? Okay. Percy, holding back. Pike, go ahead and make an intellect saving throw. 19. You finally shrug off the effect of the Mind Blast. Your eyes clarify. (laughs) The first thing you do see is Scanlan holding you. You're now outside of the temple. There's the dark, kind of dull glowing green atmosphere outside the entire Yug'Voril city around you, with bits of blue crystal, you know, against the cavern walls. It's scary. You look around you, you can see illithid charging up the side of the temple, just gliding toward you angrily. You look forward and on your shoulders, clutching you, is Scanlan, blood streaking down the front of his face with a big smile. Okay. Mass Cure Wounds on yourself? Because Mass Cure Wounds is for multiple people. You can cast Cure Wounds on yourself. Yeah. It's your choice. It's also touch. You have to be next to him to do that. At six hit points, I'd recommend it to you. You were so close to dying again. I was so scared. Okay, so you heal yourself 17 hit points. You clutch your holy symbol. You feel the warmth fill your body and your wounds seal up slowly. You feel a little better, because you were on death's door there. All right. You want to move at all? Anything else you want to do this turn or are you good? You don't have to. What? Right now, Trinket can barely hold Vex. You do. (laughter) It's this strangely romantic moment as she reaches forward, grabs him and kisses him on the cheek and pulls away and he looks at her with this beautiful smile, and then the sound effects kick in again, of the bats screeching ahead and the (inhales) of all the illithid swarming up the side of the temple. All right, Vax. 25, okay. All right. No. Jump on the flying carpet. All righty. No. Down the road, maybe. This is the start of something beautiful. Let the seeds germinate for a while. Then the dice may come naturally. So you're holding your turn? Percy, you want to go now? All right. So, that brings you here. Percy, go ahead. Okay, okay. We'll say here for the purposes of this. Taking two more shots? Oh no, it's fallen over. What's the first roll? 16 does hit. Oh, it's not even flat, okay. We're just going to put it down there. 16 doesn't hit. The 19 just barely hits it. It pierces through the psychic barrier. (zoomf) The bullet sinking again into the fleshy membrane. Ice shot. Okay, so 16 total. All right. As it blasts inside, you can see the ice, these strange crystals of frozen liquid, they burst out, almost like it actually freezes the blue explosion in place for a moment, and then the ice just slowly melts away. Yeah, there's some damage dealt to it, but this is a hardy sack of hit points. And it's coming online. So with the end of your turn, the brain, now taken a bunch of hits, begins to pulse with energy, now that it's been freed from its control and it's slowly brought itself out of this trance-like slumber that it was placed in by K'Varn. The Elder Brain is now becoming conscious once again. So at a 30-foot radius, which you guys are, it gives off a pulse of energy, (boomf) this giant psychic burst of purple-ish, psychic blast just cascades out of the center and just fills the room for a second with this large dull thud-like "thoom" sound. All of you instinctively look down and see this explosion that just dissipates as it crests the bottom of the magic carpet, which is just out of range. At which point, you guys who are at the top, looking off to the side, all the illithid that are rushing up the tunnel, there's a sudden flash of purple energy in their eyes simultaneously. Like now the Elder Brain has come back online and has reconnected with its people. All right, that brings us to Grog. Grog. All of the sudden, the rope is really easy to go up. It's nothing, you're just going hand over hand. Yeah. They're moving around, they're angry, they can't quite get to their targets. Fantastic. Rolling for the bottom of the attack round. Okay. The troll bursts through the door, filling in with the two mind flayers behind it. They both look up, frustrated. And both begin to drift up. As far as they can get. They are going to attempt two Mind Blasts. All right. That's as high as they get with levitation. With the full height that takes the top, because technically you guys are up here, I just couldn't put the structure that high up. The only people-- The only person that's in the radius would be Scanlan and Pike. Again. Both of you guys make intellect saving throws again. What did you roll? Okay. 14? All right. (laughs) Unfortunately, you have to do that on your turn. You manage to resist the effects of it. You take 22 points of psychic damage and once again your brain clenches-- Damn good thing you healed yourself. You feel all of the sudden, the blast hits you and you see her eyes roll back in her head as she reaches up and grabs the side of her head again, nearly dropping her shield and mace, which you manage to catch before they clatter down into the temple. All right, Grog, you're up. Oh no, you're up there, they went. That brings it to the top of the round. Vex, you're up. Yeah, we're at the very top now. At the very end, the new guys burst in and attacked. Percy shot-- No, actually, you didn't do your turn on that one. I'm sorry, I think we skipped Scanlan. It's currently dangling over to this side. Because it's been busted from three different corners and it's precariously hanging. It's pretty heavy. It probably weighs close to 700 to 1,000 pounds. The giant brass structure. It would fall down and then topple over. Unless you made it fall. In that case, we'll see. Okay! Go ahead and make a roll, adding your plus five for your casting ability. 13 plus five, which is your charisma. 18. As the spectral Bigby's Hand reaches over and grabs the top of the structure, you can see the weird bit of bent metal that was once part of the mostly-destroyed structure that held it aloft in the center of the temple (metal creaking) wrenches forth and snaps as the entire structure begins to be pulled at an angle. It slams down at an angle into the side of the brain and coming to rest on top, crushing even further the corpse of Clarota, currently smeared across the ground. Oh, man. Go ahead and roll 6d6 force damage on that. Crushing damage, as this heavy thing jams itself into the brain. 16, so the structure slams into the Elder Brain, and you can see like a bit of purplish black liquid kinda squirts out to one side and for the first time you can see a part of the brain is actually torn open, and the purplish glow that you see throbbing in the middle of its folds is now visible from the interior. You can see now, it's taken some real damage. Immediately the two mind flayers that were floating up look down, freaked out, and begin moving towards the brain now, instinctively, to defend it. You can. (laughter) Anyway. All right, so Vex, what're you doing? Oh, it's a superior one, superior goes to, it's 8d4 plus eight. You roll. It's your potion. Yeah. Five, nine, 13. SAM and One more. Plus eight, 30. You heal 30 hit points. Very, very expensive potion used. All right, so. Vex? You're on Trinket still, do you want to hold your action and wait for the rest of the carpet, do you want to attack anyone, what do you want to do? Okay. Go for it. Okay. Yeah. Well, how big is the cone? 60-foot cone from your angle here, if you're going for the brain it'll catch this guy, maybe, as a cone that goes down this way. Unless you want to go this way and hit these guys, or this guy. Yeah. You can get, you can get probably these guys there. All right. So they get saving throws, right? How does that work? So roll damage, and we'll see what their saving throws are. No, for that one, it's just a barrage and they get to roll a saving throw against it. All right. Yeah, so the Elder Brain takes additional damage. Technically, yes you would, because they're ranged. 19. All right. Cool. And then this guy fails its save, so total damage on him? 19 on him? Okay. So it's still alive, just looking really, really rough. The brain's just now pierced with a bunch of arrows, some of it, it's barely holding itself on top of its feet. And the troll also takes the damage as well, just seems to shrug it off, just seems to angrily-- roars up from the bottom of the temple at you, now seemingly helpless in the current circumstance. All right. So you release it down. Very nice, that hits, go ahead and roll damage. 11 points of damage, all right. 13, okay, there we go. (laughs) Reach down again, release this one, aiming towards the now torn-open wound on the side of the Elder Brain as the arrow now sinks in, there's another pulse of purple energy, and you hear, all of you simultaneously in your heads this scream, this screech (screech) that echoes through your heads. As it does, the two illithid that were hovering towards it grab their heads momentarily out of frustration and glare up at you angrily. That brings us to Keyleth. All right. You just manage to make it to the top of the temple, yeah. All right. Keyleth is on the field. Nothing good ever comes out of this. What do you got, Keyleth, what are you doing? Theoretically? Make an arcana check. You have no idea. You have never encountered an Elder Brain before. Okay. Go ahead and roll a d20 and add your wisdom modifier to it. Okay. There is an element of liquid to its structure, however it is difficult to extract it from a form that you're unfamiliar with, let alone one that's this stable. You manage to find a way to pull moisture out of parts of it and actually deal damage to it as you're beginning to shrivel sections of the brain. Go ahead and roll 3d6. You do 3d6 points of dehydration damage. Oh yeah. Oh, you don't even know the half of it. Just 3d6. 15, all right. 15 points of dehydration damage to the Elder Brain. You can see now the portion of the wound that's been opened, the corners of it kind of shrivel in and tuck in and the actual purple glow in the inside dulls slightly. And you now have, currently, in the air, a small amorphous globule of brain fluid that's just kind of floating there in this, in the air. Tiberius, you're up. Yeah, they're swarming up the side. They're probably about halfway up. Okay. Are you using your movement to bring the carpet, to take control of the carpet from Percy and move it up higher? Oh, that's right. Sorry. Yeah. All right, so. Into the brain, all right. All right, so that's enough to get both of these guys. Go ahead and roll damage. And they both failed their save, so full damage. I like that, good. 40? Those incinerate. And 40 points of damage to the Elder Brain as this giant echoing explosion blasts up from below. All of you at the top, you are underlit momentarily from the flash of red and yellow flame. As you look down, there's now a sizzling sound and this like smell of horrible burnt flesh as part of the Elder Brain now that was originally dehydrated is now also burnt and singed. You can see now, it's looking a little rougher and it's very very unhappy with its current circumstance. All right. Pike, go ahead and make a saving throw. Still trying to get rid of the stun. So intellect saving throw. 16. You shrug off the effect-- That's your turn. You just get the fuck out of Dodge, Tiberius is that way. Vax? Okay. They're at disadvantage at this distance. 17? (ricochet sound) Reflected, deflected by the arcane shield on the brain. Yeah, so all three just (ping, ping, ping). As it gets more and more damaged, it's waking up more and more and it looks like it's actually gaining power the more it does. (laughs) Okay. So as your movement, you manage to move the carpet all the way up, it swoops up into the center of-- This right here. You guys are all looking precariously at this carpet that is now floating up from the center of the temple. As you get to the top, you look over and you can see there's probably close to 20 mind flayers that are swarming up the side. That brings us to, Vax, Percy, you're up. Okay. I'll say it takes you your-- Movement to get it out. So you're there, you're unable to move the carpet, you pull the Bad News out, you get down, you're precariously off the side of it, and it is sagging as your weight touches it, you get ready, go ahead and fire. Okay. As you fire, the blast sends you up almost onto your feet on the carpet again, and you hear this impact sound, this (crash) of the blast hitting stone as the psychic field around it deflects the bullet, sending it into the ground. Yeah, I'll trust you on that. That's true, okay, yeah. All right. Go ahead and roll for that. That'll do it. As the brain continues to wake up, it improves its defenses, improves its capabilities-- But that will hit. So go ahead and roll damage on that. Essentially. So as you release the blast, it hits the psychic field, the first impact you hear is it hitting the psychic field and pushing through into the actual brain matter. 25 points of damage. Boom! You see the section of it that's kinda charred and burned gets blown off, and now there's a corner of the brain that's just an open and gaping wound. The purplish glow on the inside is pulsing more and more angrily. It's taken a beating, but it's hanging in there. This is, you guys have left a good mark on it. You get the sensation, with the swarming incoming, you may start to consider self-preservation, because the Elder Brain looks like it's taken some hits, but it's not on death's door yet. Scanlan, you're up. Yep. You're hopping up? Okay. Cool, so we'll say for the time being, we'll use this as Scanlan. You are a giant pterodactyl, a creature that you've read in books in the past, you haven't actually seen in person. And what are you doing? You can carry one person with your claws. You haven't used this form before, and this is you figuring it out, so pick one and you can take them with you. Grog can fly. As the pterodactyl Scanlan swoops down and both its claws grapple on your arms and lift you off the top of the temple, flying after Tiberius. All right, so they're now out of harm's way. Very top of the round, that brings us to Grog. Still carrying Kima under your arm. So you just awkwardly fly with Kima under your arm, off with the rest of the group. We'll get these guys off the board here because you do have two Illithid that get up to the edge here. They're going to attempt a Mind Blast. Still holding back. So-- That can just get Trinket and Vex, if you can go ahead and make an intelligence saving throw for both of you. Nope. Okay. Roll for Trinket. So go ahead and roll for Trinket. Okay. LAURA and Okay. And roll for Trinket. Nine for Trinket. So communally, both you and Trinket freeze in place, and Trinket, who is flying, slumps onto the top of the temple, limply laying across the edge, about to tip over off the temple. That ends your turn. Keyleth, you're up. Okay. So you leap up here with these guys. Trinket is currently catatonic (moans), just barely holding herself right there. You can see she's struggling with the flight spell, like she's kind of levering herself into the ground-- Him, sorry. I was thinking of you. I apologize, Trinket. I'm sorry. Okay. So as you leap onto the carpet, you reach down, and the fibrous nature that the carpet was originally made from, you manage to pull the essence of that out to create a vine of similarly patterned color of the actual magic carpet material. The various silks form into this tendril that wraps around both you and Trinket and pulls you guys hanging behind the carpet, so you guys are essentially now towed to the carpet. You currently do not have control of the carpet because you used your action and everything to use that spell and your concentration at that point. You're just holding them there. That brings us to Tiberius, you're off, flying off. Pike is off, Vax, you're up. You tow Trinket and Vex out behind. As you guys pull off at full speed, the rest of the illithid swarm to the top, you can see about 15 or so get to the front top here, look down at the Elder Brain, look up at the rest of you with this angry look, and as you're pulling away, your eyes adjust to the darkness of the cavern and you look down and you swear you can see hundreds and hundreds of sets of purple glowing eyes just staring up from the city as you all slowly fly away to the far end of the cavern. As you're moving, so are the eyes. Okay. All right, so. A few minutes go by, you guys are moving past and over the water channel that's between the north side of the island and the beach where you guys previously set. (laughter) A few seconds pass, you finish the incantation, you place your hand down on the center of the sigil, this wave of arcane energy blasts off, and suddenly, above this circle, this tearing sound pulls out of the middle of the ether, and this kind of purple shimmering doorway opens above the circle sigil that he crafted on the side of the beach. At which point, the doorway that he just created takes some sort of a solid form and from what you can see on the other side, there appears to be some sort of low-lit room. All right. Tiberius runs through. Everyone else? You guys have all landed on the beach as he finished casting this, yeah. You all rush through the portal, one after the other, towards the very end is Grog, you bringing up the rear, holding Kima, you go rushing towards it as it begins to slowly close, this only lasts a round, you barrel through just in time as it closes behind you with a sparking sound. You all emerge within a small 20-foot-by-20-foot white stone chamber. You all are kinda crammed in this space currently, but you are all apparently safe and sound. As the doorway closes behind you, you turn and look, and on the ground there is a similar circle across the stone flooring, different patterns, different, you know, arrangement to the one that he had drawn, but with some similarities that are kind of a reminiscent glow, almost like a code to this circle, fade away, based on what he had drawn previously. So it's just kind of sitting there. The carpet's bunched to the side now as you guys kind of flew into the portal and kind of left it there and the Horn's just resting there. It's a small yellow room, sorry, a small white stone room and there is a kind of yellowish brown stone doorway that is closed. There's some very faint white orbs that are locked into the wall. So you're not in Greyskull Keep now. You guys don't have a teleportation circle installed in your Keep yet. You don't know where you are. You're in a room, you're in a 20-foot-by-20-foot room, with two small white orbs on the sides that are kinda set into the walls to give off a faint white arcane glow. There's a single doorway that exits the room that is currently closed. Okay. You still have the spells? Roll a perception check. 24. All right, the door does appear to be locked. It is not trapped. Okay, 32. You, relatively easy, the door comes unlocked, the small, it's like a very very intricately carved brass handle that has swirls upon it, like it's almost like a burst of wind being blown and frozen in gold. You turn it and the door opens slightly. Okay. As you open the doorway, it leads into a secondary chamber. This is an 80-foot-diameter circular chamber now, so you're entering the edge of a giant circle. There are a series of other doors, almost in respective rows next to each other, and you also see, in the center of the room, a vibrant chandelier made of white crystal like the spheres you saw in the previous room you were in, giving off a warm, atmospheric glow to the entire room. In the center of the room, there is a semi-circle desk that is also made of a similar white stone material that the rest of the room is made out of, with polished gold leaf trimming on the edge, and you do see what looks to be an elven man sitting at the desk, longish gray-white hair, he's wearing robes that are finely dressed, and he's half-falling asleep at a desk with a series of books kind of piled up on the side. As soon as the doorway opens, he looks up, and you hear a slight little arcane tinging sound, like a little bell being rung, as you open the door. He looks up for a second. "Stay right where you are! Do not move!" "Do not move!" "Apparently." "Who else is in, who else goes there? Who else, please, step outside! Reveal yourselves!" As soon as he sees you, he goes, (screams). Okay. (laughs) So as you cast the spell and transform, he stops in the middle of casting a spell reflexively and goes, "Oh. And a bear. Interesting." He opens a book and starts thumbing through the pages. "We have no expected arrivals at this hour. I need to know your business, your names, and your "affiliations immediately." "Well." Make a persuasion check. All right. He looks to you, as you guys are saying, he-- 25. (laughter) "Here within the Lyceum. The hour is late. We are two hours past midnight." "Well. I'm certain the Headmaster would like to know your business in the morning." "Headmaster Thurmond. He runs this Alabaster Lyceum within the Erudite Quarter. If you would "please submit a report for your reasons for using the Lyceum Junction property by tomorrow, I'm sure "that would suffice for the required paperwork." Gives you a very, a disbelieving look and kinda goes, "Very well." Okay. He goes, "I seem to recall hearing about a Vox Machina at some point discussed, but I "don't get out very often. Running the graveyard shift here at the Lyceum has taken its toll on my "social life." "Well here, let me show you out." And he walks you through the rest of the hallways. It's a beautiful, beautiful kind of domed center chamber into a long series of white stone hallways, similar material to what the first room you arrived in looked like. Eventually to a main foyer area, which has a very high ceiling and a series of beautifully carved pillars that show different creatures, almost like devas and demons battling each other as they spiral up these pillars, to the front doorways. There are two guards that are adorned in kinda silver and gold armor with these very high, elven in design-shaped helmets, and they step to the side as the doors open on their own. Guards do not respond to you whatsoever, they just step to the side. Gatekeeper says, "All "right, well, here is your way out, have a wonderful evening and do please return for your "report on the morrow." "The Erudite Quarter." "Good night." The doors slam (boof) behind you as you guys exit, and you're now-- You look up and, for the first time in close to a week, you can see stars, you can see a crescent moon, probably just past its single quarter phase. It is a sight for sore eyes right now. Currently? The most beautiful night sky you've seen in all of your years. I'd say it's probably a good hour walk. All right, so as you guys begin making your celebratory pub crawl, starting with the Laughing Lamia Tavern, you buy drinks, laugh, chatter, and kind of take in the lively atmosphere that you would find at 3AM. Which is a little, at this point most of the fun folk are pretty drunk, but at this point you don't care, you'll take your own, and we'll take a quick five-minute break to use the bathroom and we'll pick up from there in just a moment, we'll see you guys here in five minutes to continue. Holy shit, guys. Welcome back. We got a little refresher here and apparently our Overlord has an announcement. Yep. 3,400. Awesome, guys. Well done and congrats to whoever ends up getting that, real fast I hope. So, thank you Overlord. Pass it off, it's fine. So. Eventually you all manage to make your way towards the outer wall of Emon to the southern portion of the city. The guards let you through. Two of them recognize you from the Winter's Crest celebration that occurred about seven months beforehand. Don't do that, that's going to end poorly. You make your way around the bend to the large grass hill that is surrounded by the river that skirts the outer southern portion of Greyskull Keep. Looking up, you can see against the moonlight the very welcome sight of your home there, beckoning to you to rest. You make your way to the front gates that surround the outskirts of it, and an iron bell kind of goes off for a second, and as you look up, you hear a voice go, "Who goes there? Speak your mind, or a bolt to the "throat you'll find." It's dark, yes. Okay, a light pierces off, and you guys look up and you can see, sitting on kind of the watchtower perch-- No, you see up there, short, rough red hair, Shayne Tranter, one of the mercenaries you hired-- She's got her crossbow ready to go, and she's just kind of sitting back and pointing it at the group, and she goes, She laughs. Takes her crossbow, sets it to her side. "Well, aren't you a sight for sore eyes? It's been nearly a week since you left." "Well, it's probably closer to two weeks. Fair enough. Either way. Open the gates! Cordell, "open the gates!" Cordell, he's one of the other half-orc guards that you hired when you left. So as the gate slowly opens, Cordell walking out, this is the hearty half-orc merc dressed in scale armor, and he has a large sword slung on his back, just shoves it open to about a two-foot distance. "Come on. Welcome home." As each of you guys walk through, he kinda claps you on the back as you walk in. You make your way into the small courtyard leading to-- making your way into Greyskull Keep. Towards the front door, as you get there, the front door opens on its own as you're about ten feet away and peering from the inside of the low-lit interior you see a woman's face, a plump blond woman's face, peek through. This is Laina. Laina goes, "Oh, you're back, fantastic! It's "early." And she rubs her face and you see as she pushes the door open a little more, she's wearing her nightgown, and she's excited but still very tired. "Come in, come in, come in, please, please! "Who's that?" And points to the large stone statue you're dragging behind you. "Very well, very well, come in." So the human woman leads you all back in. She steps back with her knitted boots; she's definitely in comfortable mode. She eagerly hugs each of you as you enter, happy that you've all arrived, she's like, "I swear it's-- I've not had "an employer leave so quickly after my hiring. But glad to see you're all safe. Shall I make everyone "a meal, are you hungry?" "I'll get right to it." And she turns around, and you see further down the hallway Erwen Dastell, your older halfling servant who shuffles up with his nightcap on, it's long and dangling off his shoulders, he's got this long night robe on, he's kinda carrying a small candle. "My "goodness. The hour is late of your arrival, but I can't say I am not excited to see you. Come in, "your beds are ready, everything's been cleaned and made to your specifications. Laina! To food!" "I'm already on it, Erwen." She kinda smacks him on the back. He says, "Very well, then." "I will go back to bed, if that's fine with you." "No, I believe your friend, the mage woman with the blue robes came by once." "Allura. She came by a couple days ago, just to see if you had returned. But I didn't know "where you were, and she said she'd try again later." "None that I know of, no. In fact it's been very quiet." "Back to my quarters." And he shuffles off, goes towards his bed. You guys make your way into the main dining chamber of your Keep, four large round tables set out with the chairs around it. You can see, for the most part, it's been untouched other than a couple of chairs that are set ajar, probably by your mercenary soldiers who've been eating and/or have been keeping up. There's a couple of empty tables set on the side that immediately Laina goes, "I'm so sorry, I "guess I should've taken care of this." And she stumbles off towards the kitchen and you guys all eventually find yourselves sitting, sore, exhausted, mildly intoxicated, around these chairs and take a very deep-breathing sigh of relief at being back home here in Emon in Greyskull Keep. Go ahead and make a wisdom saving throw, Tiberius. Nope, you cannot talk. You go under your covers, go to sleep, nuzzle in. You snacked a bit as you made it through the town, but for the most part like, a meal's being prepared. You begin to smell now the cooking of meat, Laina's setting it up for you guys. You start to wake up, and then he scritches the side of your cheek and you go right back to sleep. Laina comes out with plates for you guys and sets up these-- They're not pretty, but functional meals of cooked pork, some fine mashed potatoes. And you do ravenously, and this is the first warm meal you've really truly had in five, six days. There were no portions made for your garden structure. That's okay, there's plenty more. You did not have a safe built, but you could possibly have that done. With what? You re-Polymorph him? No. It's his incantation. It's like this viscous Grog spit mixed with chunks of pork and mashed potato rubbed in your fur. No, it's been ten minutes. Horn of Orcus. There's a pile somewhere with armor. Okay. All right. You guys all go to rest for the evening, the best rest you've had in a long time, your beds are comfortable, well set, it's a warm interior. This is the first time in a while that Pike, you've been able to sleep without your armor on, and it's so nice. You sleep hard, you sleep for an extended period, eventually you all begin to rouse, as you all wake up, the smell of fresh breakfast food is already coming to-- Yeah, you're going to have to wash that armor, girl. It's bad. You haven't inquired. You could ask around if you want. Yeah. Oh, but he didn't transform you, though. He didn't transform you. Yeah, there you go. Out in the front of the Keep. So you guys head down into the dining room again, Kima's still standing there with the maul, left where she was. Grog is still face-down like on the table, grabbed the plate up against his face with mashed potatoes across his cheek. Across the way at the far table, you see Cordell and Shayne are both finishing their breakfast, and are sitting there at the table with their arms kind of gathering as you enter. "Morning!" "Morning." And they both kind of finish their meal. Get up and stand up. "Enjoy your breakfast. You've earned it." "I think our shift is done." She pats Cordell and they both get up and they exit out. You look in the bag and you see nothing. You imagine something, you reach in, you pull it out. Okay. So you use Telekinesis, you lift the Horn out-- Mage Hand gently and slowly lifts it out, you can see the Horn kinda holds there for a second, it moves very slowly. Put it back in the bag. Okay, so you head down into the temple to Sarenrae, which is beautiful, it's all like a giant two-story stained glass three-set walls with trees and hedges set up and flowers, bunch of wooden kind of long benches set up towards this, the altar in the center, it's beautiful, especially this time of day, it's close to noon right now so the sun's streaking through the top of it, and it's cascading through the tree boughs of the two trees that are closest to the entrance. It's a beautiful sight. Even you, Grog, are moved. All right. So while he's down there, the rest of you guys, what're you doing? Okay. Okay. Tiberius is gone. Tiberius is gone. Okay, you reach out and touch the back of Kima. Her stone armor turns to gold and rapidly her entire form goes back to flesh. As she finishes her swing with the maul (impact sound) against the stone wall. And she kinda steps back for a second, confused, and looks over her shoulder at the rest of you. Just drops the maul for a second and kinda leans back against the wall. "Thank you, thank you, oh thank you. What happened?" She's not even using utensils, she's just like scooping it with her hand at this point. "Obviously." "It's all right. He had his uses, certainly." "That isn't necessary, but the compliment is appreciated, regardless. Thank you for bringing me "back with you. You could have easily left me back and I appreciate that you took the time." "Not a suicide mission." "Where's the Horn?" "All right. It's not with the illithid, is it?" "How safe?" She looks visually nervous and she goes-- "Well, that's what the Order that originally sealed it believes. Even if it's somewhere safe "temporarily, we can possibly relocate it. But we have to-- (sighs)" "Well, if I were to fall in the process of trying to get the Horn, others would come after "me. I sent word to my Order that if I did not return they would send more." Go for it, yeah, go ahead and roll insight. And she goes, "So this Horn, which is one of two, if Allura is correct, was sealed a thousand "or so years ago by those who originally cut it from the head of the avatar of Orcus of which it "was bestowed. They, once he was slain, did everything they could within their power to "destroy it, yet this artifact, instilled with the purity of Orcus, was indestructible to their "knowledge. So the least they could do was to seal both horns across the world from each other and "forget that it even existed. Which worked well until recently. It wasn't until these visions came "to me and other members of my Order that we knew that this, this was a thing, and me being the "closest in my pilgrimage, we took that as time of the essence I was to go in there with a team and "retrieve it. If it couldn't be destroyed, at the very least we could convene and decide a safer "place to possibly reseal it and forget. There are magical ways of forcing those of us who know how "to forget. That would be the safest thing for it. If there is a way to destroy it, we don't know, "but that could also be sought after. We have arcane and divine knowledge we didn't have back "then, so, in the long run it needs to be retrieved, the longer it stays down there in the "Underdark, no matter where you placed it, it draws like a beacon all darkness to it until something "else like this beholder K'Varn will take up the mantle and themselves be as dangerous or more so than "he ever was." "As far as I know. The visions only gave me access to where this one was. I can only assume "that it's out there, but if someone else were to find it, I would know that they probably have "knowledge of the second one existing, as well. I don't know if K'Varn shared this information, but "if someone else takes the mantle of this Horn, what's to stop them from seeking the other?" "Regardless, I appreciate that we're all alive and we're together, and where are we?" "We're in Emon?" "Well, that's wondrous, we can speak with Allura. She would have the wisdom to know what to "do with this next." "What are you saying?" "I don't know much about the illithid themselves, but they reside deep and they are not "fans of the surface. I believe that it was K'Varn's initial onset that was pushing them, both "in union with the duergar and pushing them towards the siege. They spoke of something about bringing "twilight to the surface world. I don't know what that was about, but I fear what knowledge they "have if left alone. At the very least, I know that they're probably having to return and lick their "wounds where we left behind. It would be folly for them, especially knowing that we're aware, to "attack now." "But we can notify those in Kraghammer to buffer their defenses, close the tunnels that you "took down there and my army as well, and that should give us time to prepare if we choose to "seize or at least seal them off." "The Order of the Platinum Dragon." It's a religion check. You could roll a history check and probably gain some knowledge based on that, but the-- If you'd like to. Go for it. I mean, you guys are familiar loosely with the name Bahamut, you've heard Tiberius bring it up before, you've seen temples to it, but your knowledge knows that Bahamut is very well regarded as the lawful good deity of justice and honor and is primarily one of the great good gods of this pantheon. "If we had the means of doing so, yes. We'd have to talk to the Order, we'd have to talk to "the Council, we'd have to bring people that we could trust and that had the capabilities of "knowing if this were possible how we would go about it. It's beyond my knowledge." "Don't go into contact with it." "I don't know, I saw it for as long as you did." "The essence of most artifacts like this, it goes more than just touch, one has to be imbued, "bond with these artifacts, to attune with them like any powerful magical item to truly gain its "power, but that's not to say that itself does not contain some sort of foul intelligence." Okay. So you walk your way down. As you're walking past, as you walk past you are immediately met in the hallway by Erwen, your servant, your halfling elder servant who walks up and says, "Dear, I wanted to let you know that a "scroll came for you, some sort of a summons." And he hands it to you. And he kinda walks past you in the tunnel. You open it up a little bit, it's not, hasn't been opened, you kinda pull the paper and open it up. It's a summon to the Council of Tal'Dorei, it's written by the hand of the clerk, and it says, essentially, the sovereign Uriel has been notified of your arrival and would like to see you at the council chambers posthaste. It was addressed to Vox Machina. All right. You make your way back in, Kima finishes her meal, and you guys are chatting a bit, she's just like, "All right, if I may ask, how did you seal it? I feel uncomfortable knowing "the process and that it's at least safe." She glances at you and goes, "All right, very well. Just be mindful that you don't go "reaching in there." Lady Kima, who is currently covered in dirt and sweat, still in the golden armor that she wrestled from the long-dead corpse of a dwarf in the Underdark, her chin is smattered with dried mashed potatoes and a bit of her breakfast, kinda gives-- (laughs) Gives you a look as you're walking in like. "It's good to see you alive, friend." She stands up and kinda wipes the food off her chin, clutches her symbol, and then steps right before you, looking up towards your face and says, "I thank you, friend Grog." And then reaches out and gives you a big hug. She releases Grog slightly, and kinda gives you a keen look and goes, "Also appreciated." "Please, I'd love to see her, it's been too long. All right, I'm going to, is there a room I "could rest?" Erwen, who's by the door, leads her to the guest room and you guys take a moment to rest. We'll go ahead and pick up next session at that point, where Allura's being brought in, so we'll stop the game there as I have to rush to the airport, but before that we have some gifts to open from you guys. Huh? Yeah, I got a redeye, 1AM. To be in Sandusky, Ohio. At Collisi--er no, Collosalcon. Please come. It'll be fun. Guys, thank you so much for watching, that was a lot of fun. And everyone lived! Barely. Barely, oh my god. Her and Scanlan. Twice for you. All right. Essentially it says, "Vox Machina, I have sent you a disposable camera. Basically I had this "idea to send this to you and have you guys go crazy, fill up the camera with random shenanigans, "whether it's behind-the-scenes, setup during a stream, or elsewise of your shoes, and then once "you guys have filled both cameras, you can send them back with the already printed label included "in the box I sent this in, send it back to me, I can get the pictures printed and doubled and then "send you guys a set back once they're developed." "I thought it'd be something different for you guys to do, hopefully you enjoy it and I can't "wait to hear back from you. Becca." Thank you so much, Becca. Yeah, we'll keep the rest to ourselves. We've got an awesome picture of Grog and Mustang Scanlan. Look at that. All right, here we go. All right, let's get this going, because I've got to get running soon. All right, we have Jasonofarabia, heart, "Got up at 5am to watch you guys live, great "show." That's awesome, donated $100. That's awesome. Cole donated $100. "#Percypower." TRAVIS and All right, G1BigDaddyHef donated $20, "Might not be able to watch the stream due to closing "shift, but was able to secure at least a ten-minute break to toss my weekly donation." Thank you G1BigDaddyHef! I feel ya on that. Thisisbonertown donated $10, thank you! "Thank you for entertaining us every Thursday night". Thank you. LIAM and Wheeliefactoids donated $3, thank you Wheelie! "Great night guys, Ashley, your surprise is done on the server--" Minecraft server surprise for you. "Come to these coordinates--" We have the coordinates here. "--and you will find your temple." "1350 by 1350 z." "1350 x by 1350 z and you will find your temple of Sarenrae." -- 1350 z. Negihama donated $250. Yeah. "Geek and Sundry twitch show cast and crew are amazeballs. I'm happy to help out one of "the show's favorite, one of my channel's favorite show's charities. You know. For kids." That's awesome. All of these are going, by the way, to the charity for 826LA, guys, that's so amazing. Arandrial donated $10. "Critters, just a little donation towards a great cause, and by that, I "mean Orion's silver butt-print." Yet. Gyaka donated $15. "Thank you for the inspiration to both roleplay and write fiction "again." Thank you for watching. #Critterlove. All right, we've got ZandorInvictus, donated $20. "Wore my shirt today for my session. Thanks to you guys, I rolled crit hits four times in one "battle." "By the way, Matt, when I get my copy of Arkham Knight, is it possible to get it sent "somewhere for an autograph?" Send it to this studio with return post, we're happy to do that. That's fine. As long as it's sent with return postage already paid, I'll be happy to sit here one of these days. Yeah, return postage, don't make me pay for postage back. Norsiraya donated $5. "I love you guys so much. I had my first D&D game last Saturday. "Thanks, Marisha, for naming my half-elf druid Kalina." "Ended up burning the chest hairs off a pirate. I plan to burn the chest hairs off of many "more creatures in the future. Vox Machina!" Yeah, you should. All right. Rona Konandario. "A friend showed me Critical Role a "few weeks ago, just as our long-time group of friends started our game. It must've been destiny. I love "everyone's genuine feelings towards all the aspects of the game. Expect fanart in the future. "Much love." Donated $10. Thank you so much, Runa Konandario. Wheelyfactoids donated $3 also, same fellow, "Also, if you guys could come to Salt Lake City Comic Con in Utah, look me up and we'll go to "some Cold Stone. Critter for life." RJCanuck donated $25. "Mercy-- Percy for MVP." No mercy for Percy. Moneylover89. "Love the show, crazy-intense tonight, keep it up, guys. Glad to donate for a "good cause. Love the Critical Role team and all that you do." That's great, $20, thank you so much. GasGT, $25. "Thank you for letting us come along with your party. Met Matt and Marisha in "Philly." That's awesome, good to see you! "Even more awesome in person. Hope Trinket's dice wasn't "bad luck." "Hearts, Critical Role Critters." Thank you so much. We've got CritterHaiku, great twitter page. They're fantastic. "Nothing compares to the thrill of a great escape, and helping kids read." Donated $20. Thank you, CritterHaiku. Keep it up. Lob82517. "Happy to support the charity again. You guys seriously know how to stress us "out. So nervous through that." Seriously, you weren't the only ones. "Thanks to all of you for "the birth of Vox Moronica, one of the funniest things I've ever seen." They donated $10, thank you so much. Let's do this. Thank you guys again so much for all your donations. For Liam, this is for you, Liam. That is for you. Oh my god, you got Jonathan Frakes signed? I'm sorry, Laura, what's this you have signed over here? That's amazing. I'm going to say that's the keen dagger. All righty, guys, so. As a heads-up. "Attn Geek and Sundry Twitch. To the awesome people at "Geek and Sundry, please forward this package to the members of Critical Role on my behalf. I have "made them each a personalized pendant with their character names, plus a few extras. Earrings "inspired by Keyleth, Pike, and Vex'ahlia for Marisha, Ashley, and Laura, and four Vox Machina "pendants which can be kept or given away. Many thanks to all involved for making Critical Role "possible. Those short videos of their campaign on Vine were never enough to know what was going on. "Sincerely yours, Ipec Psy." That's so awesome. Thank you so much, Ipec. Okay, pass this down to Percy? You guys are ridiculous! It's your holy symbol. You guys are ridiculous! That's so cool, you guys are ridiculous. These are magically enchanted handcrafted dice. I got a Sputnik dice, by the way. ASHLEY and Ellie, these are all amazing. Thank you so much. LAURA and I've rolled nothing lower than a 16 on this die, so it gets used a lot moving forward. You guys are ridiculous. Ellie did the dice, wasn't it, I think? Yeah, the pendants were-- An awesome letter from Meghan Levann, cards from Meghan Levann's site, we're going to go ahead and pass these out, and I'll read this after the stream. That's so awesome, thank you so much, Meghan. Mercer shirt. Dice on the back. DM represent. What's that? (laughs) Nice and hidden. Didn't notice that. The dice say, 'How do you want to do this?' Next time, you can do it then. You guys are ridiculous, thank you so much. Have a wonderful night. See you next week on Thursday.