Hello, everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons and Dragons. Just like that. Durr and Durr. Indeed. So. Before we jump into the story for this evening, let's go ahead and get through our announcements. First and foremost, we have a fantastic sponsor for tonight's episode. Backblaze has returned to us. Good friends to the show, and Sam, you wanted to talk a little bit about this? Thank you very much, Sam. Also, anyone who gives Backblaze a try through May will also be entered to win a contest to win some signed art, signed by all of us. And if you've already tried it, you've also already been entered, so don't worry about that. Anyway, thank you so much, Backblaze. Go check it out. And thank you. All righty. Wow. I don't want to follow that up. Laura, any merch news? Did you guys want to thank the awesome Melissa Kelp for her design, by the way? Thank you, Melissa. All right. Wednesday Club, Taliesin. Elrond of Riverdale. Thank you very much, Taliesin. Marisha, Signal Boost. That and more you can look forward to at MomoCon, as me, Marisha, and Taliesin will be there in a couple weeks in Atlanta, Georgia. So we'll see you guys there May 25th to 28th, and I will be a guest at A-Kon June 8th-11th in Fort Worth, Texas. For all you folks out there in the Texas area, come say hi, that'll be fun. Yes. You should come to your college. Okay. And to finish this off. Talks Machina, of course, we have starting next Tuesday about this episode, hosted by our fantastic Brian Wayne Foster. Make sure you submit your fanart and gif of the week to possibly win some cool prizes. Those will go to talksmachina@gmail.com. So. Without further ado, friends, let's go ahead and dive in to tonight's episode of Critical Role. [dramatic music] What's the range on Locate Object? The distance is 1,000 feet of you. Sure. It lasts for ten minutes. I'll say, go ahead and make an investigation check. 19. Okay. It takes you the better part of the next ten minutes or so to even get a blip on your arcane radar. And you suddenly sense as you're coasting along the very base of the surf where the waters crash against the rocks, the tide has been coming in with the full moon, and you can see now the water itself is rough and just smashing into the side of the cliff base. You get a small glimmer, a small beacon, a draw to you like a small pulling under the waves. And you sense about maybe 65 feet down, there it is. Under the water. You could try and remember it and come back. Not with her right now. You'd have to go back up. All right. You're pretty much on the cusp of it. You've been a little flexible on the range of them, but we'll say you get a little ways up. You're on top of the cliff, yeah. Yeah. Okay, make an athletics check. Okay. You get a few feet past the cliff edge. Not a majestic jump and the cliff is not completely sheer; it does slightly angle outwards. So you gently leap off, and as you're falling you can see you probably have, I'd say about 300 feet or so before you're going to hit rock. The cliff is not perfectly vertical. It's a little bit angled and you're heading down to hit the rock. Go ahead and make a wisdom check. This is a straight wisdom modifier check. Okay. Like a gentle fart, you push yourself a little ways from the cliff. I'll say it does just enough of a shove where the trajectory changes slightly. You may or may not be right where the rock hits the surf. You can test it or not. It's up to you. Regardless, as you turn into a goldfish, rocketing towards the base of the water... LAURA and No, I'm not. This is too many dice for me to roll. (gasping) And then any additional damage would go over into your-- You took 363 points of damage. By hitting rocks at terminal velocity. It's 1d6 per ten feet falling. Keyleth scatters across the edge of the rock. And just crumples into the surf and is now floating. No! You just-- No, she's dead. Keyleth is dead and floating in the water. Probably revivable. You've just got to retrieve the body. LAURA and I said the distance you jumped and then pushed-- And now, officially, every member of Vox Machina has died. Most in battle, or some danger. That's up to you! That's literally your choice! The only person that sees it is Vex. Vex, you watch as Keyleth-- (jump, poof, splat). It's a scatter of red mess. And you see her floating in the water. I know! This was not in my plan! Yes, and the goldfish which has a hit point. SAM and Which then made the other 324 hit points go over to Marisha. Because you gave it to her before the battle, right? Yes, you can. Go ahead and roll a straight wisdom check. Yes. 18. Okay. As you go down and pull her out of the water, her soaked red hair covers her face, and that's probably a good thing. As you're a little scared to see-- And with that, you instinctively begin to seize up, and you sob, and then you realize the coin! And you fumble for it in your pocket, and you hear the waves crashing below you. And you pull it out and you hold it in your palm. And you feel it glowing, warm in your hand as you press it against the back of Keyleth's broken body. And you watch as the warmth passes from the coin through her back. And as it does, you watch as her broken limbs all snap back into place. (laughter/gagging) I don't know! This was not in the-- Keyleth, by the way, looks wrecked. She's still scratched everywhere, she's covered in blood, but she's alive at one hit point. Yeah, 3rd level. Okay. So 3d8 plus your wisdom modifier. That was a beautiful D&D moment, right there. You did, briefly. There was, but the waves are crashing pretty heavy. Luckily, Vex grabbed her immediately, because otherwise her body would have been thrown under the rocks again by the surf. I just explained the ocean to you before you jumped! That's what would have happened! Okay. Yeah, she's covered in blood. So as you guys are talking to JB, who's still stunned by the whole thing-- all of this happened pretty quickly, so she's not necessarily opening up entirely, but she's like, "Well. You "know, we were both troublemakers." "Oh, that definitely runs in the family." She looks over to you Pike, again, and is like, "I am so sorry. I didn't--" "I'll try and make it up to you." "How could I say no? (chuckles) I'll stay until you need me to leave." At which point, you watch as Vex and Keyleth and the broom come up and land on the cliffside. That's pretty gross. You marked off the 300 gold for the Revivify, right? Revivify. It consumes a diamond worth 300 gold. Keyleth, as you turn around, you watch as Tary is handing you this small glass vial of what looks to be-- what color liquid is it? Okay, it's like a thicker water. How much does she heal? Keyleth, you heal 37 hit points. Enough to the point where if you die again, your resurrection DC has gone up. Be aware of that. He did. She's just like, eyes wide open. "Right." She clutches her book a little closer to her chest as you guys begin to make your way down the mountainside. A different path than the other Trickfoots were taking. Marisha, how many fail compilation videos have you seen where people jump off the cliff and hit just at the bottom. That was what you did. I was like, one to 50, she hits the water. 51 to 100, she hits the rock. 94. Yeah, that's what happens. Over the course of the next day or little over a day, you camp once in the Parchwood and make your way back to Whitestone. For you, yeah. You find your way back to Whitestone. You check in. The guards are happy to see that you've returned fine. They report to you that the Trickfoot clan have not returned and have not been seen near the city since your return. There are few questions as to where they went. "Very well, sir." And they search through it and mostly what's found in there are maybe 102 gold pieces. I mean, there are a number of people. JB wipes it with a thumb. She shakes her head and "Wait." She climbs up on the cart and she comes back and has a book. Like a small tattered book and she puts it to her side. "That's all. I don't care about the rest." 18? You find the gold. You find a cache of dried jerky meats. You find what looks to be some leftover meat pie crust bits that have been there for a few days. Starting to smell a little bit. And you get the sense that anything of importance was on their persons. They weren't really storing a lot of things in an open cart. All right. As you say that, Doty's like, "Tary." SAM and All righty, so. What do you want to do? By the time you've returned, it's probably late afternoon. We'll say at this point because it's been about a little over a day and a half at this point, so, yeah. Mid-afternoon. (laughs) You do not. "I haven't really tried." "I took care of Uncle Ogden." (nervous laugh) "I don't know." And she pulls her hair. "I could try." "I'm quite good at math, actually." All right, is everyone going to the Slayer's Cake? Okay. Right, you guys all make your way to the Slayer's Cake, as the afternoon is coming to a close, dusk is starting to change the colors of the sky. Clouds are beginning to move in, as the night's evening air grows colder. As you come to the outside, you see, it's dark and closed, and you see what appears to be a figure sitting on the ground against the wall, back to the wall, knees huddled up. No, JB is walking with you guys. By the door, a little bit adjacent to where the door is closed. Make a perception check. (laughs) Yeah! You see actually, a woman in her late thirties or so, early forties, platinum-blonde hair, that's pulled up in a ratty bun. She's got strands hanging in the front of her face, that go to about just past her chin. She has a very simple dress, and a somewhat dirty apron, and a small satchel on her side, and she's leaning against the wall, her knees clutched to her, she's looking forward, she hasn't noticed you guys yet; you're a little ways up. No, you do not recognize her. "Oh!" And she gets up, and stands up, and (grunting) her back creaks a little bit, and she stretches it, and dusts off the front of her apron, you see little bit of dust (poof). "I'm "terribly sorry, I wasn't sure when you were going to be coming back." "Oh, that. (sighs) If you have a moment? Fine sirs and madams, I'm sorry to bother you, you "see, my husband Dathen has not returned from sea in about six months. And I'm not certain if he's "coming back, and I'm without work and coffers he left me have come empty this month, so could you "perhaps use a hand here at the bakery?" It was ridiculous timing, yeah. "Hilda." "If at all possible." "I do!" She reaches into her satchel and you see in the inside she has a bunch of these small things wrapped in paper, and she opens one and pulls it out and shows it to you. You see it's this tiny little cream puff. It's perfectly made, and has a little icing on the top. She's like, "I used to just make these for old Dathen, but--" "Of course!" She goes and pulls a handful out and hands them amongst you and gives them over. Her eyes go wide and like (mumbles). "No!" It's actually very good. It's very, very good. "Oh, all right." "I haven't. I've seen it from a distance, but I couldn't really afford to. I'd like to." "I do. I live right behind--" And she points up to the left. Like if the Sun Tree is in the center and you head up straight on the eastern side-- sorry, the western side of the square, the path that leads up towards Whitestone Castle, she points about two blocks up and on the left. And there's a small hovel that's pushed between two buildings there. And she goes, "That's where I stay." Go for it. 27? Okay. "References?" "No, I've mostly just been a housewife, until recently." "Perhaps. Norma Kell wakes up in the morning. There's also Keeper Yennen." "Yeah, aye. That's all I can think of at the moment." "About six months." "He's a merchant sailor, coming in and out, but he'd be back within the month usually. Some "trips took longer, but six months seems extraordinarily long for him." "Last I know, he does a circle around the southern tip of Tal'Dorei and he usually hits Emon "by ship. Occasionally heads over to the-- where is it? The shama?" "Maybe something like that. I don't really know for sure. It's a long ways away." "You can do that?" "Oh, aye! Just a moment." And she goes and she goes rushing up the street real fast, this renewed excitement in her face. JB, you watch, like the excitement you just saw on Hilda's face now hits JB's face. "I'm a good reader. I can--" "Okay, yeah. I can also help with this if you want. I'm more than happy to do both. I have a "lot of free time now." Grog, does she notice you feeling uncomfortable? Grog, are you uncomfortable? Okay. You get the sense she probably was meaning Shamel, which is the port where you guys had your vacation. The Bay of Gifts. About ten minutes or so pass and then Hilda comes back, and you see she's clutching what looks to be a small, gold chain. And she takes it and goes, "This belonged to my husband. I don't know "if this'll help." You probably cleaned up over the past day or so travel. Unless you didn't, in which case you are just a sticky Carrie. Yeah, understandably. You know, like you do. But anyway, she hands you the gold chain. "Oh, I just want to know something." Yeah, it was Dathen. D-A-T-H-E-N. Dathen. "He's got dusty brown hair, usually about shoulder length. Well, he doesn't really grow "facial hair but he's pretty scruffy, lower the way. It's been many months, so I don't know. "Medium build? Maybe about this high?" And she gives a couple of inches off her own height. "He's "got a right scar across his neck and his chest right there he got when he was a kid." All righty. So looking at the scrying spell here. All right. You sit there and focus and concentrate-- and darkness. Nothing. No link. She's looking expectantly. She's looking at you expectantly. "No. That's all right. That's all I needed to know. Thank you." At this point, as the sun is setting, starting to go into the evening, you can see the light causing her to blear a little bit. Here in the shade she's like, "Can we perhaps talk in the morning?" "Where can I find you? Up?" As she points over to the castle. "All right. Thank you." And she quietly walks back to the corner of the city where she was from. No. Just did not find a source. Did not find a source. Nothing. Nothing for the spell to grab onto. "Yes! Please!" "Okay." "I know, I've read." (laughter) Okay. As you guys make your way back to the castle you stop and go over there. You can see it's one of three small homes that are jammed in the alley areas between these larger buildings. Almost like there's businesses on this one corner and they have smaller people that are living more meager means. Each one of them appears to be occupied. The one that she pointed to, you go to it and it seems... there. There's like a very low light through one of the windows. Okay, make a stealth check. All righty, and then make a perception check. Okay. You glance up and over the side and from the low candlelit interior, which you watch as there's a small candle that's lit on a little wick there. And there's almost no furniture in this house whatsoever. There's a stool and you just see her sitting on the stool, motionless. Yes. 18. I mean she's faced away from you. It's hard to pick up-- away but to the side, and you just see her just there. And you see her rummage through her satchel on the side. Pull out a cream puff and eat it. Just a stool. Ha okay. You guys go ahead and make your way towards Yennen's small temple in town. It's past the evening sun, so you see Yennen's one younger boy who helps him keep the establishment. He's in the process of sweeping some of the fallen leaves and various dust that has found its way into the half-open dome place of worship. As you approach he says, "Hi." "Oh are you looking for Yennen?" This is the younger boy. "Let me get him." Puts the broom away. Leaves for a second. The door opens to the side, and you see Yennen come out, half awake. Looks like he's in his evening attire, sleeping attire. "That's all right." "What can I do for you?" "Yes?" "Hilda? Yes, yes." "Not too much. She seems nice and keeps to herself. She lives that way." "15 years?" "Her and her husband." "A bit of a rambunctious young lad, until he grew up. Don't see him very often. "He comes in and out." "I assume. Is everything all right?" "I know of." "All right. Goodnight." From what you can tell, it's a single room. There's a pile of linens in a corner. There was a stool. It looked like there was a small area for cooking. They've traveled for a bit, you've had time to hit the library and begin showing JB around. 13? You find what amounts to a children's book for Percival. Yeah. Most of the books here are of relatively advanced reading level. You gather it's a trait of the De Rolo family. All right. Are you guys doing anything else for the evening? "I can do that." "Okay, I can do that." She has a room in the castle, one that used to be one of the guest rooms when you had people you were entertaining. It's easy enough to put a second bed in there. The doorways are wide. She's in the process of looking and she's like writing down, taking notes of the different sections, talking to herself. She's not even looking at you. "No, that's fine." "Staying with you. Is there something I should do if you're having a night terror?" "Okay, don't wake you up?" "Okay." "We can make forts? Out of what?" You watch all of a sudden her eyes-- in this library, there are a number of old tapestries and you know carpet elements around. You watch as she scans the entire room for materials and goes, "Oh, we can do this." "I haven't tried, but I have some theories." Perfect. All right. Okay, so you have a second bed installed in Pike's room. You guys have your dinner for the evening, anything else? Okay. You guys head down into the tunnels, make your way to the ziggurat beneath Whitestone and as you enter the inside of the chamber, you can see there's a few torches set up in there. There is that secondary platform where you guys met a year ago, where you had the small council with Raishan as well to decide what was to become of the Chroma Conclave. Up there, you can see there's a whole research bench set up with a couple of desks and pretty much all the information that's been gathered, and various things that have been studied over the past year or so about it. What has been figured out, and there were theories thrown around before of it being a siphon. An artifact that is related to something that was referred to as a Sphere of Annihilation. Not directly, but an offshoot of that type of enchantment. As opposed to completely destroying anything it comes into contact with, it's attuned in the siphoning of things from one location to another. It's a translocation type of magic. There have been a number of things that have been placed within this sphere and did not return, including one volunteer, a member of the Pale Guard, who during the year's research volunteered to step through and was not heard from again. And that stopped any future volunteers from rising to the occasion. But since the research that's been taken up about what the siphon's existence, during the Age of Arcanum they were one, used as a defensive measure against powerful mages, but that was more of a secondary use during the actual war that ended the Age of Arcanum. Their initial creation was supposed to be able to harness and shift ley line energy. The idea was wherever there was a large source of magical energy but it was inconvenient, its placement, its natural placement in the world, they could use these siphons to basically triangulate and shift where that energy would go. You don't know, like the information about them is I would say almost mythological, in the sense that there are stories that talk about them and a lot of the information was destroyed during the Divergence regarding to the older Age of Arcanum magics. Yeah, and this is information that was brought together by Eskil Ryndarien when he was down here researching with Allura even during the Conclave. A lot of people have gone off because the research hit a wall, it was like, "Well, we find out pretty much everything about this, we just "don't know where the siphon is going, and anything we've tried to put through doesn't come back." So the theory is to find the other half of the siphon because it's a connecting point. There's two sides to it, so if it this is correct, then the theory is there would be another side to it. Or if not it might just be a Sphere of Annihilation or something adjacent to it and is essentially a null and void circumstance. Those are where the theories stand. You have to be on the same plane of existence You can certainly give it a try. You can certainly try. All right, well, go ahead and roll an attack. As part of your newly-exalted bow. Okay, this is going to be-- hold on to that roll whatever that was. So to get out of the radius, because it basically cuts right into the hallway that leads inside of it, you have to back out of the chamber into the hallway a few feet and basically get on the ground and aim upwards towards, and you're going to have to arc over the top of the ziggurat to get in. So this is a shot with a disadvantage. Well, what I was going to say it would have a really high AC with disadvantage. I'm not going to consider it with having a super high AC. It's still a very hard shot. So disadvantage on the shot. There are, yeah. They're not siphons. They're storage units! Just Pelor backing up his hard drive. All right. It's pretty vivid for you, and so as you recount. What she saw is the arrow, it was darkness when she fired it, as it passed through the sphere of anti-magic, there was nothing. And then suddenly, imagery blinked through the arrow. From the perspective of it as it coasted away, she looked behind and could see the twin to this orb. Apparently not under the same anti-magic shell on the other side. Whereas this side steals magic, the other side emits it. As the arrow landed and clattered to the stonework maybe 20 feet below the orb, looking around, she saw a landscape of blackened, broken stone and ground. Distant mountainscapes of jagged crags, like teeth across the horizon. The sky itself was black and shadowed, like it was perpetually amidst a distant forest fire, and where you can see the grey in the sky you can see roiling thunder clouds with flashes of lightning. And roughly a mile or so from what you could tell from where this was you could see what appeared to be a large obsidian tower of twisted black stone that went up for what appeared to be a dozen or more stories. No, different tower. No, the tower in the Nine Hells was the biggest thing you've ever seen tower-wise. This is big, but imagine a 12-story obsidian tower that's pretty thin and tall. Yeah, most everyone's-- you guys have all gone to bed at this point I imagine; you guys were down there pretty late. And you've gone to bed? Okay, make an investigation check. Against all odds. You surprise yourself, Grog, going "w-w-werewolves." There's a book that talks about the disease of lycanthropy and were-creatures and entities, and it's there before you and you find it's like your own little birthday party. Okay. All right, so that being the case, you let Cassandra know. Cassandra goes, "My god, all right. "Well, let me-- I think I-- hold on." She goes and rushes back to her room and she comes back with a small, looks like a river stone, but has what looks to be a small rune carved into it. She takes it and holds it and goes "Sorry to bother you, my dear, but apparently Percival has a breakthrough "in regards to the ziggurat and the orb. As soon as you can, please." Then takes it and puts it into a small pouch. "Hopefully, Allura received that and should be arriving soon. As to Eskil, I don't know "how to get in touch with him; he's probably well into his sleep and he gets cranky." All right, so you guys just go to bed? So as you find your rest for the evening, the morning comes. Bright, warm. The clouds that came in for the evening, it's still a cloudy sky and as you wake up the mist that usually takes up the bottom of the valley and the forest floor is beginning to burn off as the sun begins to peek through the clouds and show little bursts of blue above. You guys head back to the castle, where all of you are, everyone but Keyleth. We'll say Keyleth's still sleeping and Taryon's still sleeping. However, Allura is there waiting. She's there and as you approach she goes, "Well, isn't this a pleasant surprise?" She rushes up and gives Vex a big hug. She comes and takes your hand as well, Percival, and pulls you in. "So, Cassandra told me that there was some sort of a--" "Oh, your Vestige. Yes." "I recall you telling me this, yes." "Oh." At which point you watch her whole demeanor change and she leans in, "What did you see?" Keyleth comes down for breakfast. "Another plane?" As you describe down the location she goes, "This is certainly not a place that I know of on "this plane." "This sounds like a location that resides somewhere in the Shadowfell." "The Shadowfell, yes. You know how you went to the Feywild, which is more of an overgrown "fey-based nature parallel to this world, yes? The Shadowfell is the dark shadow reflection of this "same place. It's a plane of negative energy and darkness. A tower, you said? I have to go research "this some more. This is good to know, but I get the sense that perhaps this ritual was not as "foiled as we had initially anticipated." "I have not been." "I may go do some research." You watch her get a little thousand-yard stare for a second, thinking. Her eyes are darting around a little bit and her brain is just running and running. "All right. Well, unfortunately, I "can't leave until tomorrow, I can only really transport myself once a day, but I'll immediately "make my way to Vasselheim. That would hopefully be able to clarify some of these questions." "No, I can travel faster on my own." "Besides, I can always go ahead and bring a friend." Make a perception check, actually. 21? Interesting. One thing you do catch, though subtle, is as she has her hands folded on one side you do see a small gold band across one of her fingers. "It was very small, very private, but anyway--" "Thank you. Sorry, this is conflicting emotions in this moment right now. Thank you." "Naught but four months ago. It was on a whim. We thought and discussed a lot about all the "dangers we'd faced over the years together, and with you and the reality of not knowing how long "either of us have on this planet. I figured at the very least, why not?" "Thank you. We were going to tell you. There's been a lot to do in Emon. It's looking "great, by the way. We've nearly completed. Thanks to the help of the Lyceum and many of the mages, "reconstruction has been rapid." Then she covers the hand and is embarrassed. "If you could actually send me to the Lyceum instead, and from there I can go to Vasselheim, "but I can do my research there." "Yes." "Well, it's whenever you wish." Kima's not with her. All right, so as you open the gate and Allura steps through, she around with a smile. "Thank you, Keyleth. And--" (laughing) As she's trying to talk to you, she's like, (stutters). And you just push her through. She's like, "Whoa!" (thud) And it closes. All right. So. What do you guys want to do? Okay. JB comes down with you and starts helping catalog and pulling out books and information. Yeah, you haven't. It's around noon now, as all this has happened and talking with her. Tary still hasn't woken up, by the way. That's not true. Because eventually when you go to check on his room, Taryon isn't there. LAURA and As you enter the room-- SAM (whispers) Hilda ate me. You can see the sheet is missing. Most of his personal belongings are gone. Doty is still there. And Doty appears to be shut down, nonfunctional. The eyes are cold. It's within his chest compartment. Make an investigation check. Okay. Not only do you find the latch, but you look underneath where one of the arms is. There appears to be a small glass bead, affixed with a piece of clay. And the bead has this pulsing blue light on it. And you notice it there, and it looks like it's the only thing with any sort of life on Doty's exterior. It doesn't. It looks like something that was pressed onto him. Make an arcana check. It does appear to be magical. It is giving some sort of consistent pulse of energy. It looks fragile, whatever it is. The essence of the magic that you get from it, the nature of the effect, at least, is abjuration. Abjuration is one of the schools of arcane magic. (laughs) It's the alteration and harnessing of raw arcane energy. Usually in some sort of-- there are a number of spells that fall into the category. Make an investigation check again. Okay. It's hard to pick up a lot of details. It looks like there was no struggle whatsoever. It looks like somebody entered and picked the lock to the room from the inside. That's all you're able to make out. From the inside of the castle. Yeah. You found the compartment where you (click, creak). It opens up and the tome is there. You pull it out of the compartment. The last written page spoke of, "An evening of curious bakery purveyors signed on to see to "the future of goods, and to create in the name of the great Taryon Darrington and associates. And as "a sudden slumber comes over me, I will find myself an evening's rest. Goodnight, Doty." And that was the final entry. Keyleth, you arrive with three coffees. As you hurry down to the bakery, the bakery is still closed. Nobody was there to open it. Hilda is not there, no. Locked and closed, untouched since you left it the evening before. Make a investigation check. Okay, it does not appear to be a trap, necessarily. It looks like whatever it's meant to be triggered to do has already been triggered. It is just Vax and Percy. Okay, you grab it, and as you pull it off, it's fixed and as you pull it off, the bead shatters in your hand and the blue spark fizzles out and you watch Doty go, "Tary." You get the sense that the basis of this magic was a one-use Dispel. You watch as Doty immediately starts going "Tary?" and lifts the bed. "Tary?" Doty leaves and charges through the room and (footsteps) into the hallway. Doty stops and looks. "Tary?" Okay. Keyleth. Your vision pulls back up into the sky above the clouds. For a second, you feel a rush of wind; you're not sure of the direction. You feel a flash of speed and then with a blink, all of a sudden your vision is above what appears to be a small village along a road. And the vision blinks once again and you're within a hallway, a wooden low-lit hallway, and then the flash. You're inside of a room. A wood paneling wall. You see Taryon, unconscious and wrapped in a sheet, still in his armor, propped against the shaded side of the wall, while a figure stands just out of the peripheral. A familiar voice from just out of your range says, "It's okay, dear. We just had a bit to "drink. Appreciate your concern." And you hear the door close (click). Then a few footsteps, and you watch as in the peripheral, Hilda steps in next to Taryon, pulling the sheet from his body, revealing him tied up from head to toe. Hilda's image shimmers slightly and dissipates, revealing a woman of ink-blue skin, long white hair tied into almost a topknot ponytail. Pale silver eyes that inspect her handiwork. Under her dark green cloak that you see her hood fall back, you see dark burgundy leather armor. She seems to check Taryon's vitals, under his neck, feel for breathing. Very methodically, and begins to loosen some of his bindings in some places. And you hear her voice say, "Can't have you losing too much circulation, boy. I've got a reputation to keep." She quickly tosses the blanket back over him after fixing the straps and goes, "Sleep soundly, boy. You'll be home soon enough." She stands up and walks across the room, almost out of sight, and sits in the chair facing him. You watch her rummage through her satchel, pull out a cream puff, and throw it to the side of the corner. Pulls out a small box and begins making something. Make an intelligence check. Yeah. You've seen Vex do this before. It is a fletching kit. She is in the process of making arrows. She's making arrows in a casual passing-her-time way. And then the vision pulls you back (whoosh) and you're within yourself once more. Not sparkly, necessarily. Ink-blue skin, silver eyes. Her ears were pointed. You, Keyleth, who have not actually seen a drow elf in person, really, over an extended period of time to know much about their culture, but through this conversation, she does appear to be, yes. It felt like some sort of roadside inn. That's you have no idea where. From what you know, the town of Deastok that he comes from, which is in Wildmount. There are no roads that go there from Whitestone because it is across the Shearing Channel to the other continent. Which means you have to either go by boat-- and even then, it's probably a few hundred miles away from Whitestone on that side of the continent. It's a hundred-foot range. Sorry, a thousand-foot range. Searching the room... you searched it once before. Looking over it with a second glance, there doesn't appear to be any sign of anything that she dropped. The best you can tell, especially being a tracker, there doesn't appear to be any sign that either of them left the room. There was nowhere they could have gone. There is no window that exits, then the door was picked, and nobody saw anybody leave the room. Yeah, you've come back at this point now. Well, I mean. The last you saw him, it's been probably 12 hours. On horseback, could have gotten, I'd say, probably a little over 100 miles or so. "Doty. Taryon." I know, it's one phrase. "Tary?" "Tary." "Tary?" Well. The old Doty did. SAM and Okay. There's a number of inns in the Turst Fields. There's a couple at the Jorenn Village, which you are familiar with. They might be just outside of the range, but you put them on there as well. Westruun, and along the road of the Silver Cut. There's the Turst Fields. Jorenn Village. That's where you found Percy in prison. Right now? It's close to noon. The wind was less of a natural wind and more of just your vision being shifted. It would not have an impact whatsoever. Okay. As you get to Hilda's home, you look inside. It's dark on the interior. You knock. There's no response. 24. It is locked, but it does not appear to be trapped. Okay, yeah. It's a simple lock. As you walk inside, you see the candle that was lit the other night has melted entirely and the wax is dripping off the side of the small bench where it was laid on. 29. There's no bullshit, necessarily, but there is that pile of linens in the corner. You see it shifting slightly, and as you pull off the side you see there, bound, Hilda. She's like, (muffled noises). "Oh!" "I'm all right." (stuttering) "Naught but a few days ago, this blue-skinned woman came, and she seemed nice "enough, and she asked me questions. She didn't hurt me or nothing, "she just asked a lot of questions." "No. I've seen you around town. People talk about you, saying what you've "done for the people..." "I have before, yeah." Make a perception check with advantage for Trinket. Okay, Trinket goes, (sniffing, grunting) and picks up what appears to be some sort of a scent. Not really a bloodhound-style scent, but a decent scent. Guiding him around over the next hour or so, and trying to go in the areas you know he might have been, the last strong scent is in Taryon's room, and there's no trail from there. To? Sure. Yeah, you gauge the sun in the sky. All right. Okay. Okay. So, before you do that. You take the orb and sit down and concentrate, and Keyleth aids you in setting up this small ritual. As you close your eyes and focus on Taryon once more, your vision shifts and seem to be jettisoned across hundreds of miles within a second. No direction at the moment; it's too much of a blur of color and light and movement until it comes to a halt, and there you see Taryon, somewhat jostled by the spell kicking in and the momentum, you see him thrown over what appears to be the back of a horse, just (hoofbeats). Taryon, you come to consciousness ever so slightly, and looking down, you see hooves clattering on the ground behind you. You glance around. Percival, I want you to go ahead and make a nature check. 22. The skies here grow gray with clouds as the mountain spire-peppered landscape is broken up by far-reaching forests and river-traced glades. The air appears cold, as the winter here seems to cling to the countryside for a majority of the year, a mixture of gloom and beauty as unique as it is impressive. That's about as much as you can glean from this standpoint. It's very blurred on the outskirts. It seems similar to a harsher Whitestone landscape. This is definitely further east. Looking at placement of the sun in the sky, it's further to the west. No, any further north from here and they'd be in the water. For the time they've traveled, they're east on Wildmount somewhere, you can gather. Unfortunately, the scrying location, the actual orb that you see from is very limited in scope. The fact that you're able to even make out the details that I told you are because you're seeing color and images and shapes in the distance. You get a vague idea of landscape, but it's all very blurred. You have not really traveled length and breadth of anywhere outside of Tal'Dorei, so no. What you do see, though, is on the front of the horse, you see the same cloaked figure riding the horse. Glances back over the shoulder and you can see what appears to be a pale-skinned human woman, looks in her twenties or so, but same outfit. And looks back and checks on him. He's stirring a little bit, and she glances back and goes, "Be patient. We're almost there." (hoofbeats) No, you're watching him as his eyes glaze over for a moment. Deastok. You can only scry on locations that you've seen or been to. People you can scry on with certain levels of knowing them or hearing about them and such. I'll double-check real fast because I don't want to get a lot of anger on the internet. Instead of targeting a creature, you can choose a location you have seen before as the target of the spell. It's only a ten-foot radius to see anything clearly around the center, so you'd have to be pretty close to a tree for you to make it out enough. Let's see. From Whitestone directly, it would be probably about-- you can't cross the channel on horseback, but if you were to start at the other side of the Shearing Channel on horseback and ride, let's say 12 hours a day, you could probably get there in about four days. Three to four days. The Dremoth Ravine, with the remains of Draconia, would probably be about 150, 200 miles from it. Well, you used it once today. You had a full night's sleep, got all your spells back, and then you sent Allura off once today. Okay. There's a lot of writing in here. Towards the beginning, it talks about Deastok. It talks about the frustrations of the small-town life and the open world around and all the adventures they're seeking there. It's not written to show any detail or interest about the city where he grew up. All right, you guys gather your materials, make your way to the Sun Tree, and Keyleth, you open Transport Via Plants to the exterior of the Dremoth Ravine in the ruins of Draconia. And that's where we'll take a break! Well, if you're really frustrated with how untrustworthy this NPC is, you can thank chat for it! All right. We're going to take a quick break. Before we go, guys, we have the giveaway for this. This looks to be a Katalox dice tray here, which is pretty awesome, with a leather interior from our good friends at Wyrmwood. We're going to go ahead and, because I feel like I have to, the code for this contest in the Twitch chat is Samsshirt, one word, with two mid-s's. S-A-M-S-S-H-I-R-T. Sam's shirt. So find your way over to the Twitch chat, put that in there for the chance to win this awesome giveaway! All right, guys. We'll see you in a few minutes! [break] (Christopher Walken voice) Prize. Oh god, I did it. I'm sorry. It's my fault. Right. So, jumping back into the game. You guys have learned of the current whereabouts of Taryon Darrington. Proceeding in the direction of which he is getting transported. Which, let's go ahead and take a moment here, actually. Taryon, as you've come to consciousness on the back of this horse and you hear this woman, cloaked and riding in front of you, tell you, "We're almost there," and then (hoofbeats). You're hopping around on the back, bound. You try and move your arms and legs, and they're tied tightly. The head looks back over. "Oh! You've awakened. Isn't that very interesting?" "You could say that, perhaps. Yes. I have a contract to bring you back to Deastok, and I am "fulfilling that contract." "Howaardt Darrington? Because if so, yes." "Then that is where you are going." She shakes her head for a second. "I've looked through your belongings. You do not have "the money you speak of." She laughs and turns back and focuses more on the horse riding. She turns back over her shoulder. "The money is one thing. But another is one's reputation. "When I take a contract, I fulfill it. I have not failed. I will not fail. So you are going home. "My apologies." (hoofbeats) And goes right back. All right. So what are the rest of you guys doing? Right. Yep. So you gathered your elements and you transport through one of the trees that you created on the outside of the Dremoth Ravine. You did. On an angle, yeah. You do not come through that same tree. Sorry. From this area, it would be northeast, yes. You're on Wildmount the continent, but you're heading more towards the city of Deastok, which is on the outskirts of the Dwendalian Empire. All right, so you guys are going into your Wind Walk form? Make a history check. Yes. This area of Wildmount known as Wynandir is divided into two different kingdoms, essentially. This one you're going towards is called the Dwendalian Empire. This is the strongest and the most functional empire this side of Exandria. It is a tyranny. There is a king, and the law is ruled absolutely through this king. It is a functional economy. Its people aren't mistreated, from what you've read, though it is-- I want to say, it's very Prussian. People work, people live, people die. It's a harsh environment. It's a colder environment. Whereas the center of Tal'Dorei is a lot of fields and rolling hills across the midsection framed by mountains, across Wildmount, it is a smattering of mountain ranges and spires throughout, and chunks of forest. It is a much harsher environment, as far as the topography and the biomes than Tal'Dorei, and as such, the pockets where people do live, they live as well as they can amongst a very oppressive environment. Deastok. Yeah. It's not a locked city. There are perimeter walls and there are gates that can close in case of times of war. You do know that there is a strong military presence in most cities and there are patrols that often make sure that peace is kept. It's a somewhat militaristic nation. It's to the point where you don't know, or at least have not heard, of any widespread abuses of power. At least, not on the outskirt cities. You don't know that much about the political structure there, other than the fact that it is a tyranny. But it has a strong standing military and they do exercise it in times of peace as a form of law enforcement. The way Taryon talks about his father is he is a land baron in Deastok. He owns a number of plots and homes and farms and collects taxes on them. His family has been doing this for at least a generation or two and has made quite a fortune off of it. His sister's name is Maryanne. Yes. All right. Do you go ahead and accept Keyleth's Wind Walk? All right. With a moment of concentration, you all convert yourselves into plumes of smoke, mist. By the way, did you leave Doty behind or take Doty with you? Yeah. Okay, then. Doty is back in Whitestone. I was just reconfirming. All right, then. So, you guys convert to your-- You all coast in the shapes of mist into the moist, freezing air over the Dremoth Ravine and head northward. You guys move as a cluster of small plumes of moisture. As you look forward over the next-- 300 feet a round, at double speed-- Yeah. Once again, this is twice in an episode where it's magical-fantasy-realm physics. Somewhere in the middle, you find a fun narrative. I'd say within probably an hour and a half to two hours of travel, because you guys are going pretty fast, you eventually come upon a very well-ridden and apparent pathway that goes from east to west. The topography does seem at least to be somewhat in line with what you saw the brief time that you scryed upon Taryon. So you guys all continue heading east. No, you think normally. You're still mentally you. You just can't talk. If you do talk, it comes out as (blows raspberry). There you go. As you guys continue pushing east... Perception check from the two of you guys. Okay. You see what looks to be one small caravan, a series of carts that are heading west along the path. That's the only thing that you see at the moment. You, Vex, after a couple more hours of travel in an eastern direction you see what looks to be a big, thick forest. The forest itself is pretty dense in this area, and there are pockets where it's open and you get a little more of a green field. You've been traveling over a larger green field area, so you start hitting where the forest gets thicker and thicker. The pathway carves through this forest. Then a ways ahead, you see what appears to be a large hill that rises up, and then around the hill, the forest has been cleared and you can see what amounts to acres and acres and acres of farmland that circles almost like a disk around this large central hill. The top of the hill is cleared off, and there you can see what appears to be a metropolitan city. A large town, if you will. You can see what appear to be-- actually, no. You're not quite close enough. So that's what you see. You see this village on top of this cleared hill surrounded by farmland and then surrounded by forest and what appear to be some broken mountain ranges maybe a few miles out each direction. Okay. Okay. You cruise down and begin riding a little closer to the surface. With your general, even passive perception, you do catch what appears to be-- there are a few splinter trails that seem to be the perimeter on the outside of where the forest leads inward and heads along the outskirts of the tree line. There you do see a sign. The arrow leads forward towards what is called the Siren Green Forest, and then eastward towards Deastok. You gather that the large town on this carved hilltop seems to be the town in question. You don't see anybody on horseback at the moment, no. You do. You see hundreds of acres of farmland that surround this large hill. It's built all across the top of the hill then built along the front side of it. You can see a number of paths that zigzag down. Elements of it sprawl a bit into the farm, but the majority of the metropolis is on top of the hill itself, and then the farmland around it. You do see, as you get closer and skirt the sides, there are patrols. You see men on horseback with crossbows slung over the side that do perimeters. Some of them are weaving independently through the fields, keeping an eye on people who are in the process of harvesting. The rest of you guys continue heading east towards the town, or are you following? Okay. Percival catches up to you guys. Okay. So you guys (whoosh) make your way to the-- where do you want to land? Okay. So you find the edge of the tree line before it opens up into the farmland surrounding the city. As you all take a moment to concentrate, your forms congeal once more into your physical selves and you are able to discuss as you prefer. Nothing at the moment. Yeah. Okay. I was making sure the Wind Walk wouldn't affect any concentrations. And you're attempting Locate Object on Taryon's earring, you said? Okay. You focus and concentrate. It does not pick up within a thousand feet of you. Okay. (whoosh) You all head back up into the sky, and you can see now the clouds in this vicinity are growing darker. It looks like it's probably going to rain in the next few hours or so. The temperature right now means it might even sleet; you're not sure. You make your way, coasting over the farmland. Looking down, you can see it's all segmented and all marked off with various colored fences. Everything is really well-organized here, and all the land has been divided. You eventually make your way towards the base of the hill and cruise up to the outskirts of the city, where you see the large stone walls that encircle elements of the outskirts, and you see where each one of these walls opens up to some sort of a pathway. There is a large metallic gate that is currently separated and lifted up in the back that can be slammed and closed and shut in case you need to keep anybody in or out. You're getting no ping yet. You guys are now over the wall now, these six plumes of mist coasting above. What do you do? You don't know what his family's keep looks like. You're over the city right now, yeah. No. Okay. You move pretty fast. It's a big radius to go around the entire wall perimeter of the city. At your full speed, I'd say you can do a full pass in about 15 minutes or so. That's a careful cruising through. Nothing seems to ping. Oh, right! Good to clarify! No. All right. So. Back out to the woods? Okay. So you're heading back over the farmland, back to the outskirts of the Siren Gate Forest into the tree line? All right, cool. So you guys find your way there. You wait for a moment to make sure the patrols aren't anywhere nearby, and you turn back into your physical selves. All right. Your vision shifts once more to Taryon, who uncomfortably, like "Ow, ow, ow" on the back of this horse a little bit, and as you start audibly making a pained sound, a hand grabs the back of where the ropes are entwined and shifts you in the back of the seat to be a little more comfortable. No response from her. Still riding on the back of the horse. It's getting darker now, and you can see the clouds are still a little pushing towards that stormy look that you saw when you were in the city. So they're still on the road. They're still traveling. Seems familiar. Yes. The sun's more westward at this point. Okay. So you guys go back into mist form (whoosh) and begin coasting westward along the path. You travel for about ten minutes before Vex and Vax, you pick up what looks to be a small dark shape on the road. LIAM and Okay, so what do you do? No, you traveled away from the forest now. You're in open fields. You can't talk. So you go and land. Vex lands and takes a minute to concentrate and go back to her physical form. You have about a minute until she gets to you right now, by the way. You're able to see the horse traveling a little above the road, so they're almost upon you. It's maybe knee-high grass with sections of bald. The landscape here, outside of the farmland and the forest that you can see, looks a little hard and badlands-ish. Scrubland. Okay. So you're getting down, you're doing that... Okay. Roll a stealth check. Disadvantage for Trinket. Nice. And for Trinket, with disadvantage because he's a big bear. Well, it's not a crit. That's only on attacks. All righty. So you go into crow form. Stealth roll, Percy? And stealth roll for you, too, Vax. Okay. Grog's a ways back. Okay. Okay! All right, so as this is happening, and this is a really fast rush over, rush over, get into places, and you watch as the horse has galloped (hoofbeats). You have Pike in the middle of the road, dressed the same in memory. And you watch as the horse (hoofbeats) goes off the path and begins to make a wide circle. Seemingly, yeah. Full gallop burst. At? All right. Go ahead and make an attack with disadvantage. Because you're aiming specifically for the legs. Oh, you do technically have an actual-- yeah, so you will not have disadvantage on this. 20 will hit. So what's the effect on that one, again? What's the DC? So you watch. No gunshot. Complete silence as you all begin to maneuver. You watch as the horse suddenly (neighs) and goes ass over tea kettle forward, jettisoning both Taryon and the rider from the horse into a neat roll. Since you have not moved, Tary, you make a full spill, skittering across the ground. You suffer ten points of bludgeoning damage. No, the horse is prone and still takes damage from the shot, so roll damage. Because you shot it with... 30 points of damage! Yeah, as the horse skids over and hits the ground, it falls onto its side, and you watch its heavy breathing become still. LAURA and Okay. Make a perception check because you were down in the grass. You can't, because you are tied. No, you see nothing. What were you doing? Okay, so you (whoosh) up in the air. Okay. You're brooming towards. All right, so she comes to a tumble. For this purpose, I'm going to have you two, since you're both pretty quick, roll initiative checks, please. Jesus. Okay. So. You both rush over and you watch as she tumbles and catches herself, skidding into the dirt. You can see bits where she's rubbed and gashed in the face. Pale skin, blonde hair, nowhere near the description that you were given by those who were trying to scry earlier, but catches herself and lands, reaches over and sees Taryon about three feet behind and immediately darts over, grabbing something from the satchel-- It would've taken your movement to get to her, but you can move half as quickly and go for a shot if you want to. Well, you're going to close the distance because you're apparently a bullet. Learn to balance your magical items, people! Or not. Exactly, yeah. It's all good. So you'll be able to get your shots off about the time that you get there. That hits. Okay, so both hit. Go ahead and roll damage. You can bramble shot, sure. You decide a bramble shot as you hit. DC of 17? Not with an eight. She's restrained. The volume is really low on that speaker. My apologies. There we go. All righty. Okay, so 37, got it. So you (flying arrows) and fire both off as your broom is coasting inward from an arc and the first arrow catches her in the knee and she (yelps) and is still reaching for Taryon. However, as the arrow smashes into her, it bursts into a series of thorny vines that (whoosh) wrap around and ensnare her and she falls over, now bound like Taryon is for the moment. Falls on the ground. Whatever was in her hand stumbles forward. LAURA and And she's like (grunts) reaching out just as the second arrow hits her in the back and (groans) gives out a yelp in pain. Vax. You almost closed the distance with your movement. You're within 60 feet. She's restrained; you have advantage. Yeah, he's like five feet from her. Well, no. Your movement was to get there, your action was to attack her, and so you have your bonus action, still. Okay, you begin to cut him loose. Because there's a lot of ropes around him, there's not a single binding. All right, so now it's her turn. She's bound on the ground. Coughs up blood as she's suffered a severe amount of damage in just a few moments. As she's lying there on the ground, the vines twisting around her, she goes, "Wait. Wait. (sighs) Stop." And she's going to... what's the DC? 17. She does manage to break free from the restraints. She breaks free from the vines, and then she puts her hands up. That's her turn. Yeah. If anyone else wants to take any of their actions right now, we're technically not in initiative order. She's put her hands up. Okay. What you find on the ground is a small marble, similar in size to the one that you saw attached to the side of Doty earlier, but it's a different color. The one that you saw earlier was a bluish tint, a light blue tint. This one appears clear. Okay. At the moment, as all of you begin to converge and close in on her, she just has her hands up at this point. I'd say for the next minute or so, you get cut free, yeah. You still have your armor on, you still have all your equipment that was on you. Yeah, she took everything with you. You're not robbed. You were just bound and taken. You do have a massive headache, by the way. It's pounding. "K'ryyn." "I was contracted by your father. This is the first time." "That's what I do." "Upon delivery, I was to be paid 5,000 gold pieces." "He sent me out on this job about two months back." "Not to my knowledge. I don't care about people in this town. I was called here to pick up "the contract, and I left." "I work for no guild. I am a solo agent." Go for it. 17? She's hard to read. By nature and by business, you get the sense, and at this point as you're looking at her, she sees you glaring and looking over her intensely, she (sighs) takes one hand up under her hood and presses her thumb to the side of what looks like a small circlet, and her image shimmers and you now see before you the drow elf that was described to you, wincing as the sun is still in the sky and you can see, while the illusion did not seem to give off that, she's physically not enjoying being under direct sunlight. "It's been helpful. That's why I prefer to do most of my work in Wildmount." "That is all. Unharmed. I took great care to make sure he was not harmed. I have a business I "run based purely on reputation." "That is, apparently, an issue for you to take up with your friends." "Then my contract is broken, I do not get paid, and it is a blight on future business." You pat her down? Yeah, she has two daggers, one placed in each boot, stealthily hidden. She has a shortbow that is over her chest and shoulder, and a side quiver of about 40 arrows. She goes, "Thank you." "I make them myself." "Owlbear?" As you're having this conversation, she slowly puts her hands down. "To be perfectly honest, this is an offer I very well cannot refuse, given the circumstances. "If you are serious." "Then find them, I will." Her eyes become these narrow slits and the jaw clenches. "I apologize for any discomfort or "embarrassment my retrieval of you may have caused." "It was my standard rate." "Very well. It seems we are at an accord." Make a perception check. How quiet were you guys being? You glean elements of the conversation. Yeah, you get the gist of what they were talking about. "I have business still to make, and you have been merciful, so I will remain." "Very well. Into the city, then?" She looks back at her horse. "I assume we'll be walking. Very well." And her image shimmers once more to the pale-skinned blonde woman in the same outfit, and you all walk along with her through the forest, down the path, through the farm fields, making your way to the outskirts of Deastok. As you are making your way up the hillside path, one of the patrol guards comes down on horseback, crossbow slung over his shoulder and his hand on the side of his sword as he glances down and goes, "Hail, you there!" And as soon as he glances over the group of you. "Mister Darrington, welcome home." "Of course. Good day." TRAVIS and He continues clomping by, (hoofbeats), making his way down the rest of his patrol. Yeah, she's gone full Phoebe from Friends. As you guys make your way into the actual city of Deastok, the architecture here is very tall and as intricate as it is old. The stonework is edged and almost sharp in places, the shape and design of most roofs and windows leaning towards the gothic. You can see similar roots here to some of Whitestone's older buildings and architecture, common space where the original de Rolos traveled once from Wildmount. The architecture here, as opposed to the more built-for-function that a lot of you are used to in Tal'Dorei, anywhere from huts to, I want to push almost Tudor to colonial, this definitely has tall stone archways, tall stained-glass windows, in places. A lot of the buildings, edges, and roofs will come to tiny metal spires where points or occasionally flags or tapestries would hang from in the wind. Very different visual feel than anything you've seen over in Tal'Dorei. As you guys make your way through the streets, in the presentational mode of which Taryon has requested, people do stop and stare. You can hear whispers, some folks pointing, some of the patrols gather to keep a close eye as you pass. No excitement, no parade, no cursing or aggression, just acknowledgement of the arrival of these strangers and a very flashy lord. Eventually, you lead them to the Darrington estate. This is a large, three-story building surrounded by tall, iron pike-topped gates that surround the somewhat octagonal shape of the grounds. The main gate is watched by a single man in a simple leather outfit and a metallic helmet. Who, as he sees you approach goes, "Have you-- sir! Welcome home!" "Yes. Right away, sir!" Opens the gate and rushes off to the front door and disappears inside for a moment. The door opens again, and you see emerging from it a very tall, thin, brass-scaled dragonborn with very fine clothing. His lack of tail speaks of his Ravinite lineage. You recognize this individual as Berthold; he is the servant of the house and quarters. As he approaches he goes, "Oh, Master Taryon, it has been some time! Good to see you in good health!" "We've been doing our best. I take it you--" and he looks over to the woman K'ryyn, goes, "You--" "Yes, I would like to complete my contract." "Very well. Please, follow me inside. This way." The dragonborn turns around. He almost towers over you; he's this spindling tree of a dragonborn. As he leads you into the home, you watch him; he has to dip down to enter the interior of the house. As you step inside the estate, you're immediately hit with the smell of musty carpets, wood oil stain, and some since turned-to-smoke-and-embers burning wood in a fireplace. You see immediately in the darkly lit interior fine tables and well-crafted furniture that clutter hallways, holding vases and dried flowers that probably have been in long need of a change. It's eerily silent. It seems, at least on this floor, empty of pretty much all life except for Berthold. He begins to walk up the stairs. "Right this way. You know." And he heads up the second flight of stairs to the very top of the interior of the estate, and there is the very heavy oak door that marks the study quarters of your father. He knocks lightly on the door. "Master Howard, you have some unexpected guests, including the one you hired to bring your son "home. And is here with your son." There's a pause. You hear a voice on the other side say, "Let them enter." The door creaks open. (creak) Berthold steps back. "I'll wait here." He bows and gestures for you all to step into the room. As you guys step into this study you see, standing right across from you, looking into the fireplace, you occasionally hear the crack and the snap of what looks to be a halfway burned fire. A human man in his late forties. His short blond hair is receding to the top of his head. You can see the firelight glistening across his somewhat oily forehead, and two heavy sideburns that are an uncombed mass that frame the sides of his very hardened square jaw. He is dressed in a nobleman's coat and breeches, though his shoes are nowhere to be seen. Just barefoot on the ground. He looks over and sees you enter and looks towards Taryon and his hardened face turns to a softened smile. "My son." He looks over to the woman, K'ryyn. "What I've heard is true, and I thank you for your time. "Berthold will see that you are paid." She nods. There is a nod to you. "That is the arrangement." She leaves the room and you hear Berthold walking alongside her and chatting with her about payment as she leaves. As soon as they walk down the stairs he turns and goes, "I am glad to see you are well." "I sent that woman to bring you home. To see that you were safe." "You're a hard man to find when you want to be." His smile fades for a moment. "And yet you were very far from these lands." "That is good. Just know that I was worried. You fill your head with these fantasies and ideals "and step out into the unknown. Do you know how many men and women are found gutted in the streets "and left and abandoned to rot away in forests by some bandits on the roadside? Not to mention the "various beasts of the wild out there. I was worried about you." "Taryon... while my parenting may have been strict or distant at times, I didn't reflect "on my care for you. We have a legacy in this family to maintain." "That's all that matters." "This money that you seem to relish in, that you took without asking, the last of our "coffers. Your grandfather started this, and I've done everything to maintain it. And your "interests, your attention, could not be brought to learn and maintain this business after me, so I've "had to turn to Maryanne. It's not that I don't love you, but you have another purpose in this "family. And that is why I've brought you here." And you watch as his hands are shaking and he's fidgeting and scratching his chin and running his fingers through his sideburns. "We're impoverished. I haven't been able to pay our staff "in nearly two months. Everything that I had to do to maintain this legacy has come back to bear "fruit, and the debt that we owe is vast." He looks around at the rest of you, and you can see now there is trepidation with having this conversation in front of strangers. He reaches over and grabs off his desk an already opened bottle of some sort of wine. Takes a quick swig and sets it down. Slumps into his chair in front of the fire and rests his face on his hand. "Everything your grandfather Oberon built, it's on the verge of fading away. All the "taxes we claim on our lands now go straight to a syndicate that we owe a lot of money to. Unless "we find a way to pay off the debts of your father and his father before him, we will all be thrown "into the cold or worse. Now, I've seen this storm coming for a while, Taryon. I've spent years "trying to coax a family union with the Truscans; you know this. After much toil and diplomacy, they "have agreed to wed you to their daughter Lydia. This union will bring our family a renewed avenue "to wealth and protection within the empire! We can stave off this terrible end, and you will be a "hero within the family." "This stems to your lack of respect." His eyes dart to you with a fiery hatred, like how dare you speak up right now. "When your "grandfather passed, when you were still but a baby, our lands were nearly taken from us by a "rival barony from within the Dwendalian court. Lord Jaipher found loopholes to revoking our "ownership and titles set by Oberon and in my panic and necessity, I found an ally in the Myriad." "Through a whispered hint, I met a man named Korshad, who ensured our surviving ownership in "trade for a partnership with him. I signed, not wanting to toss, at the time, my only child "onto the street. But as the decades passed, I did not realize in my haste, the depths of the deal "that I had made. And with many harvests failing in recent years, the agreement now devours our "livelihood from within. They now demand our accrued debt paid in full or they take full "ownership of everything." "No. No, it is built on what we built as a family." "We did, and nearly had it taken away. I did this to maintain it. And I let you live as you all "deserved to live." "I hoped to find a way to fix this before I needed to, yet here I am, prostrate before my own "child. Broken." And he starts, like, tears just pour down his cheeks. "I was just trying to make "it right." "It's a marriage of convenience." "It means nothing more than political gain. Your life is still yours to live." He leans forward to you and looks to you with an honest, more honest than you've seen him, very vulnerable expression. "Every man and woman who has money has done bad things." "You are not. I tried to keep you, your sister, and your mother as innocent as I could. My "back is to a wall now." "Think on it. The choice is still yours; I would not force you into this, but it is a chance "I wish you to contemplate." "No." "If you marry this girl, we will have the influence and the wealth to pay this debt and cut "ties with the Myriad entirely. We would be a free family once more." "The last amount we were given 230,000 gold." "I've exhausted the options I have at my disposal." He laughs. "You underestimate the sheer size and how ingrained they are in the society here. This is no "guild. Wildmount is the Myriad in many ways." "We're on the street. We are but beggars within our own city, at the mercy of those we've "been taxing." "Because I loved you. I loved you all, and I did what was necessary." "I owe you that, at least. I never claimed to be a good man. I never claimed to be a good "father, good husband, but I can try to be better, can't I?" "Of course, and enjoy the grounds while you can." "It's been some time, but if you wish to seek him out, ask for who you can speak with the "Many, in the Grumpy Lily." The Grumpy Lily. You know this to be one of the seedier bars in town. You're wishing to speak with the Many. "I'm glad you're safe." "You too. More than you know, my son." You've encountered them once. Back in Stillben, back at the very beginning of your adventures. The very beginning. Percy, this is the first you've heard. That's a good name for an artificer. (laughter) You've never met Lydia in your life. You don't even know what she looks like. Okay, and we'll pick up there next week, as it is 1100, we'll pick this up. What? Well, bludgeoning, it would. Awesome, guys. We'll see how this goes. Yeah. You guys keep creating-- you act like you didn't hand me backstories with traumatic relationships with your parents already. I take what I'm given, and I extrapolate. Yeah, he had a lot of it, and then a few things from this. Yeah, you did. No, and then it was absolutely was cool as shit. What are you talking about? That's the kind of shit that makes D&D. Are you kidding me? Everyone would have remembered a goldfish's entry into the ocean for five minutes. Everyone is going to remember Keyleth splattering across the rocks forever. And it would have, but it got down to the dice. As always, if I rolled lower than 50%, it would have been fine.