Cassandra, remembering this, drags her body through what remnant is there on the ground. There's a big groove left behind her as she's being dragged through it. You get to the second trap that she marked, and you guys make your way around it. You make your way to where the road diverges, the one way to the castle, and the one to the acid pits. And Cassandra heads towards the acid pits. She doesn't look back at you. She just keeps walking. You follow her for about five minutes. After about five minutes of following her, the path leads up and then crests, and there is a room that smells awful. It's similar to the acrid scent the room was filled with when the acid was pouring into the room. There's a whole series of other chemicals and inside, you can see there's a number of laboratory set-ups near you. You get the feeling this is probably where a lot of this particular acidic concoction that was fine-tuned for this stone of Whitestone was created, or at least, honed by Ripley. Without a beat, Cassandra walks up to the edge and just throws Delilah's body in. (plop, sizzle) Then it disappears beneath the surface as the hissing, bubbling noise takes over the silence of the room. She sits there and just watches it sink. Cassandra turns back around. Looking at it, you can see, Delilah's name is missing from the barrel entirely. Cassandra's name is still on the barrel, and so is Ripley's. Go ahead and make an investigation check. Okay. Just looking at it, it looks like the names are there, emblazoned as to where they were before. Currently, nothing. Go ahead and make an intelligence check. 17? Yeah, a brief look around you can see there are many different compounds, different strengths of acid, what a lot of the initial experimentation was. Okay. You take a moment and eventually manage to scar and dissolve enough of the exterior of that barrel until the name is no longer visible. Okay. Go ahead and make a-- it'd be a persuasion check. And you go ahead and make an insight check. But you have an advantage on it. No, he has advantage on the persuasion, you do not have it. Pull it off of Percy's? Okay. You look down at this gnome, and while he's normally pretty silly and jovial, in this moment, there's an honest spark of his own inspiration in his eyes. Begrudgingly, you reach out and place it in his hand and release. As you watch it arc forward, in your head, you're like, "That fucking gnome." The spell fades, you hear him say that, and just as it (plop, sizzle). He lobbed it. It wasn't a huge throw. On? Make a wisdom saving throw with advantage. Heroes' Feast, workin' against you! Yes. What's your DC? You're like, "That cost a-- (cracking)" A few moments pass. You don't even see it beneath the surface now. You just see a little bit of some fume released from whatever slow process is dissolving your gun. As you're watching this, from the fume, a small plume of black smoke goes (whoosh). LAURA and And that cold nugget in the center of your chest is gone. (cheering) Cassandra steps up to you and takes your head in her hands and forces you to look at her and goes, "Brother. We've all made sacrifices for this." She slaps you. Oh! That's a 21. 19 plus two. And she looks to you and goes-- Cassandra gives you a look to-- It came out as (muffled angry sounds). Okay, your muscle control comes back to you and Cassandra is holding your freshly slapped face, gives you a look and goes, "Brother. Let's go to our people. Let's tell them that for the first time in "five years Whitestone is free." She reaches over and she takes your arm in her arm. She takes your arm in her arm and begins walking both of you back towards the tunnels. And with that, we're going to go ahead and take a quick bathroom break. Meet you guys back here in a few minutes. Welcome back, folks! So. Let's go ahead and pick up where we left off. So, as you guys return to the undercroft of Whitestone, Cassandra carrying you, arm in arm. You make your way up through the stairs to the main base floor of Castle Whitestone. Are you guys heading towards your-- where are you heading from here? You can check for the second floor if you want to. You have a pretty high view. It's already elevated on this platform, so even from a ground-floor area you can look down into the city. Front door? All right, Grog walks up to the front door, being careful of the scattered caltrops you guys left there. The door is still ajar from where you left it. As you step out and look into the daylight, and it's at this point now, probably mid-afternoon, pushing into evening. You guys have been traveling underground for quite some time and taken a few short rests, and have had a lot of conflict and things happen. So you started at the start of the day. You're now pushing into towards dusk. But as you open up and look outside, with what daylight is still there, you see little plumes of smoke coming from the far city. Down the pathway that leads up to Castle Whitestone, you see about 70 to 100 armored humanoids marching up towards the front of the castle. Bipedal. You begin to pick up your caltrops. Make a perception check. All right. As you guys get your weapons at the ready-- 25, okay. Percy and Vax, you notice the people approaching, spattered in mud and various types of ichor or blood. As they get closer, you can see beneath the helmets tired human faces. Stepping up the side, weapons at the ready. As they approach the very front of the line, you see Keeper Yennen, equally exhausted, stepping forward, essentially ready to storm the castle. You see behind them as they approach a scattered cluster of broken corpses, some human, some a little less human. It looks like the rebellion army seems to have cut its way through the remaining defenders of Castle Whitestone and are making their way towards the front of the castle. As they get closer, they meet your gaze, and the front of the group draw their weapons, and Yennen steps forwards a little bit. "You there! Percival." "Vox Machina. Are your wits about you?" It's a little cloudy. It's not rainstorm ready, but there's still sort of an overcast feel. Okay. As you begin to coalesce the clouds and the symbol and the shapes, you see a bunch of the soldiers look around and Yennen steps forward again towards you and goes, reaching up holding his holy symbol of Erathis to his chest, he goes, "Are you certain this is done? Percival." He turns around, looks to his men who are all looking at him expectantly. "Well, you heard "the man. The Briarwoods are dead. Whitestone is free once more!" He looks up to the sky as the symbol finishes from Keyleth's spell. "The de Rolos are in power once again!" At which point the entire crowd shouts "yeah!" Their weapons to the sky, and as the shouts begin to echo down into the valley of Whitestone, you can see little lights begin to burn in the distance, little notification lanterns that are being lit and set at windowtops, at the top of the mountain, and you can see this look of relief and joy on every soldier's face as they all realize that the death they were all marching to face is no longer a threat. Cassandra, at this point, is still standing behind you at your side, and really for the first time since all of this went down beneath, you see a smile on her face. Yennen turns around again and approaches you all. (sighs) "I don't know what to say. Well, come. "There's much to discuss. Let us step from this foul place for the time being. Men! Walk through, "make sure it's clean." And the some of the soldiers-- "Very well. Men, seal the doors, seal the entrances. Keep watch." "Then come. You've certainly earned it." And he motions to a few of the guards. The sun's still up, but you can see from the light source and the darkening of the sky and the color pushing from a general white-grey. It's going a little more reddish-orange. All right, as you guys begin-- She can still hear us. You guys begin to march down towards the city with the rest of the army. A group of about ten men stay behind just to guard the castle. As you make you way to the northern side of Whitestone and you enter the streets again, you can see families beginning to walk out of their homes in the streets. In the entirety of your time here in Whitestone, most folks that didn't need to be out in the open stayed indoors, and you begin to realize this seeming ghost city was hiding a lot more life and a lot more hope than you had expected, and you see families, and children, stepping out, and as you walk through the streets you can see the kids wave. You meet eyes with some of the possible widows, who mouth to you, "Thank you". Okay. As you walk away, she looks really confused and clutches her chest in horror for a moment as one of the soldiers walking with you steps by her side, looking at you curiously, and gives her a kiss on the cheek. She goes, "Who was that man?" Okay. You eventually start making your way towards the Alcove as you enter deeper into the city. We're going to get to that right now, actually. As you guys are stepping-- I'm sorry, what? Pushing further in you can see now the clouds beginning to dissipate, and also for the first time since you've been here you see blue sky directly above the city. The vibrant orange-red-purple colors of the sunset now come cascading along the city of Whitestone, and there's a collective (gasps), an inhale and gasp of awe from the soldiers and the people alike as this opens up above you. You begin to walk past. The Alcove's to your left, if you wish to-- Okay. As you start heading towards the Alcove you can see Jordana is already out on the front stoop looking up at the sky. She looks over and sees you. "Percival!" It takes her by surprise at the moment, and then she gives in and continues to give the hug back. "Of course." She leans into the hug a little bit, then nods and then raises her head. "Did you "see my father?" As you say this, Keeper Yennen goes, "Not anymore, there isn't. Follow me." He stops in his tracks and looks over his shoulder and goes, "What?" He slowly turns away and keeps walking forward. The people have begun following behind your procession towards the center of the city. You see behind you soldiers reuniting with their families, friends gathering in the streets, and the people of Whitestone are now beginning to join the sides of your procession towards the center of the Sun Square in the middle of Whitestone. As you crest into the outskirts of the square, Yennen gives a couple of whispered orders to a couple of the soldiers, who rush off. You can see people are now gathering in the center and there's actually people gathering around the Sun Tree. As they all step to the Sun Tree, it's a little quiet, and Keeper Yennen reaches up and pulls his holy symbol of Erathis again, looks up to the tree and looks back at the rest of you and goes, "For "generations, it was those of the Zenith who looked over this tree and these people here, and it was "by the evil that once held foot in this town that Father Reynal, the last of his line, was slain. We "will work to find those who wish to take up the mantle to clean and rebuild the Zenith, the "pinnacle of Pelor's grace here in Whitestone. But until that I, Yennen, swear to make this tree's "safety my responsibility. This symbol of hope, this center of the crest of your family has held "the slivers of light in our hearts for a very long time. "Let us all take a moment and thank the heroes who made this freedom possible to the strong mountain "of joy and bravery, Grog. To the gentle, to the kind, to the just soul, Pike. To the swift of bow, "keen of sight, and the most adorable creature to accompany her--" as Trinket steps forward and nuzzles your side-- "Trinket. By the agility, by the cunning, by the loyalty of Vax. By the "cleverness, by the wit, and the strange interests of Scanlan. By the honesty, by the nature and "connection with the world, and the wonder of Keyleth. And by the strength of blood, and the "willingness to sacrifice-- " "Pardon me." (laughter) God damn it. "To the return of those valiants we once thought lost, and those who rise up to restore the "joy of these people. Percival. May we raise our weapons, our glasses, and our children, who accept "this future to rebuild. Raise to Vox Machina. Hyah!" And everyone raises as one loud-- As the sun slowly sets, the light coming through in beautiful colors now. You see what was once a very bleak town suddenly be renewed with a spectrum of new accents. You begin to hear music being played, as now the celebration begins with the sun's setting. Folks are turning this into a full celebration now. People are starting to bring out food and-- (laughs) You feel this sense that this is the first time in a long time the people have ever really been allowed to be happy about something. And the energy is infectious in itself. As the celebration begins, though, Yennen puts up his hand and people begin to slow and calm as men begin to bring forward two individuals in chains. One of which you see is a half-orc female in dark brown leather armor. She is chained and thrown onto her knees onto the ground, and she spits; you can see there's a few cuts across her face and she looks dirty. And right next to her, taking four men to do so, a goliath who's bruised is also thrown onto his knees and they're both just held at that place. Yennen says, "The two remaining new nobles, given power here as they aided the Briarwoods in taking "this city. We have Duke--" which the people spit at the sound of the name-- "Goran Vedmeyer. And "Countess Jazna Graben. You have been found guilty of treason against this town, of the "responsibility of many lives lost, innocent. And for furthering the plans of the evil that has "oppressed us so long. I would wish that you, the ones who freed us, deliver the judgment." "Wait." And Goran, who is now down on the ground, looks up at you and goes, "I know you." Spits on the ground at your feet. She for the first time looks up with this gnarly toothy grin. You can see these partially broken and jagged teeth in her mouth, and she goes, "Come closer. I've never tasted gnome." The men look about themselves and Yennen, "Not entirely certain. However, she has been known "to carry a quiver or two, and this one here wields a blade as long as his body." Make a persuasion check. With advantage, based on their current circumstance. Whichever you'd prefer. 13? Okay. You can see the goliath, Vedmeyer, lowers his head. "I accept. Jazna?" She looks over. "It seems you lack what has kept me alive all these years a spine. Kill me. I'd "rather not stay at your beck and call." Okay, as, did you swing or just aim it? Make a strength check. As you pull the axe out and you walk alongside with it almost like a cane, look down at her-- (impact noise) And with speed and deftness where no one sees the blade make contact, there is a moment where the head just drifts off the form, leaving the base, the throat cleanly cleaven. Cloven, if you will, sorry. There's a moment of pause before the blood begins to pour from the wound, it was so fast and so immediate, and the body just slumps forward. There's a gasp in the crowd suddenly, and then a cheer as the locals now see one of the people that probably oppressed, tortured, and killed many of their folk now lies on the ground, killed. "I was hired in Wildmount." You don't. You've heard it said before. You've heard it mentioned, but you have no idea where it is. He nods and looks down. You can't tell if it's shame or just defeat, but his shoulders slump and that little bit of fire that was in him when he arrived is broken. The men look at you, they get your nod and they lift the chains and pull them off while a couple of the men pick up the body of the half-orc woman and pull them out of the crowd. The music swells up once again, and the celebration continues without a beat. You can now see tables being brought out to the center and glasses are set about and drinks are being poured as a giant central table right at the base of the Sun Tree is set for you. It's not a grand meal, there hasn't been a lot of time to prepare for it, but basically what it looks like is whoever is preparing dinner or whatever food was readily available, they're just bringing it out. It's more of like a share-with-whoever's-there type effort. Kind of. Yes, Scanlan? "All right, sir." And the boy takes the gold and rushes off, looking in his hands at the boon he's been given by this practically-same-height man. They don't see gnomes here very often; it's been very confusing. After you finish this conversation, he sits there and-- A few moments pass before the boy returns, in his hand a (singing) raspberry beret, the kind you find in a secondhand store. "Randall?" And he brings you the change. And he darts off excitedly. You catch him out of the corner of your eye like stealing a swig of beer-- Thank you, Brandon. So after you finish regaling this tale to Keeper Yennen, let's see if I have a proper song for celebration. Yeah, unfortunately. Sure, as you're walking over there, we'll finish this conversation here. Yennen nods to himself and goes, "That is disconcerting. I'll reach out to a few of my contacts, see who we can "bring here to inspect it. I may go down tomorrow myself and have a look. Is it safe?" "All right. I'll bring a trusted team down, then. If there's anyone you know who has vast "historical or arcane knowledge, I would recommend possibly having them come take a look as well. "Unfortunately, I'm rather limited in my teachings." "Please do." There was Eskil Ryndarien, the archmage in Westruun. "Good, good, yes, anyone at all. Maybe I'll be able to glean something, but unfortunately most "of our books were confiscated when the town was taken. However, I appreciate that, and at least "for the time being, there doesn't seem to be any dead rising from the grave." While you guys are having this conversation-- Yes. Keyleth, at this point, as you've walked away from this conversation, you approach the Sun Tree. It stands there with a little bit of light as the sun's just now passing over the distant mountain range that surrounds this valley. The sky's growing more purple and dark blue. But now lights have been lit and lanterns have been brought to the center, you can see the Sun Tree in full before you. What does Commune With Nature do in full? Oh, look at that, first page I open up to. Okay. Okay, so which do you want to know, of all the things that you can choose from? You can choose from terrain or bodies of water in the vicinity; prevalent plants, minerals, animals, or peoples; powerful celestials, fey, fiends, or elementals or undead within 300 feet of it-- or sorry, within three miles of it; influence from other planes of existence; or buildings. Okay, you gain three facts. So, first off, you notice as you touch the Sun Tree and you cast the spell, whereas previously you felt just dead wood and a lack of any presence, there is a small seed of life in the tree once again. We'll call that the first one, as a given. As you inquire about any other planes of existence, you do sense that at least some element nearby relates to a realm of shadow. And what's the third one you want to know? Yep. You don't have to ask anything else if you don't want to, if you got everything you wanted. That is very Keyleth. You sense-- You sense weariness, like something very old that has been asleep for a very long time has woken up. Positive. The Sun Tree, seemingly kept at bay, locked away, what bit of its life force it managed to maintain had been contained for so long and is now finally free. You sense the tree saying, "The sun just set. It's not morning." (Ent voice) It's... not... morning... Okay. So. Right. I would consider this a grapple check. So it's your athletics versus your acrobatics. That is the pantsing. Wait, natural 20? As you reach out and are about to grasp the sides, he leaps straight up in the air and then lands a foot in front of you. You grab nothing and see him glance over his shoulder and tsk-tsk. Against the tree? As you finish your awkward it's-not-morning conversation with the essence of the Sun Tree-- You feel a strange alien hand in your left free hand for a moment, unexpectedly. Okay, she pulls away from it and looks over her shoulder with a bit of surprise and sudden horror. So? Vax just stands there, not saying anything, just looking at you. Don't look at them. No, you told her. Okay. Okay. As this is happening and he walks off, you guys are there at the table, just now noticing the both of them have been missing. You see Keyleth, stunned, standing by the Sun Tree as Keeper Yennen approaches you once again and goes, "My friends. We have a lot of work to do and it "would not be fair for me to assume, as you've already done so much for us, but it has been a "while since we've had much to celebrate in this town, and this evening seems a fine "improvisational event. But we have two weeks until the Winter's Crest festival would be happening "here in Whitestone, something we have not celebrated in near five years. I would just ask, "should you be interested, if you would wish to stay with us these next couple of weeks to help us "rebuild and perhaps aid in preparing the first real shining moment in Whitestone's history since "you were gone." Cassandra nods, as well. He looks very confused. "I imagine that could be-- I assume that could be done, yes." "All right. It'll be done." And so as the rest of you join in the merriment, or whatever else you wish to do for the evening, looking about post-sunset as night descends on Whitestone, to the first clear sky since you've arrived. To the first evening where you can hear smiles, cheers, and laughter, we'll pick up next week with the Winter's Crest festival in Whitestone. (cheering) It makes for fun drama. That was crazy.