That's called karma. First and foremost, we're going to get through our announcements for the evening so we can hop into the game. First off, tonight's awesome sponsor returning to us is Backblaze. Okay. Hold on just a second. All righty. So Sam. Thank you, Bakeblaze, for your sponsorship. All right. Let me get through the next few announcements really quick, then. You guys got to see a video before this that Geek and Sundry put together. It was a fun weekend shoot to talk about the game Masquerada. I talked about it in previous episodes, but it's an awesome PC RPG. I am so in love with the process of us putting this together. It's a great story, fantastic cast, incredible writing, and very much hearkens to the isometric, Baldur's Gate, Planescape Torment-style RPG format of the early 2000s. I highly recommend it. You should check it out. I think it's in Steam now, and hope you like it. Next up, my first episode of the new GM Tips series is out today. It goes a little behind my screen, and gives some ideas as to how you can set up your own GM circumstance and experience. Mind you, most of it's just fluff. You don't need any of that to run a game. You can just have books, dice, paper, and pens, and you're good to go. But these are just suggestions and an example of the things that I do to run my game smoothly, and you should check it out if you'd like it. New episodes will be coming out every Wednesday on Alpha, I suppose, and then on Thursdays coming out on YouTube and the website proper. Gmmm tips. They are now. It is now Matthew Mercer's Gmmm Tips. Thank you, Travis. Disadvantage. (laughter) No, the week after. The first Thursday of November, we'll be announcing the winners. One of these days, you're going to wake up, put a shirt on, and the universe is going to fold in on you. I'm excited. All righty. Anything else? All right, then. That being the case, let's go ahead and dive down into tonight's episode of Critical Role. [dramatic music] Welcome back, everyone. I just physically ordered the other torch, so that'll be fixed soon. Because sometimes you just got to do it yourself. Anyway, welcome back. So to continue from where we left off for tonight's episode of Critical Role, Vox Machina, our heroic players and characters, in fighting their way across the land of Tal'Dorei against the Chrome Conclave, a gathering of ancient chromatic dragons that have torn the current civilization asunder. They've gathered a number of artifacts of old called the Vestiges of Divergence and recently made allies with one of these dragons, Raishan, the green dragon of the conclave, apparently interested in revolting against the conclave's leader, Thordak the Cinder King. A tentative alliance has been forged and to prove both the stalwartness of that alliance, as well as to further your agenda against the conclave, you all traveled back to Wildemount, to the ruins of Draconia. With the help of the Ravenites you set a trap for Vorugal, the Frigid Doom. You summoned, using your single Gate scroll, from the Abyss, Yenk the Goristro, a great, powerful siege demon and caused it to battle with the white dragon. Partway through, the encounter got more intense, you all rushed into the fray. Got the crap kicked out of you in a lot of cases but when all was said and done, with the aid of Raishan, you felled Vorugal. The final shot being landed by Vex'ahlia herself. You guys have now taken a moment. You've discussed with Raishan to meet back in Whitestone, after which she reverted form and vanished. And you've now begun to collect your spoils and gather what you can from the battlefield at this moment. So that's where we pick up this week. What would you like to do? You did. All right, so, you're heading to the dragon or Yenk first? Okay, so you head to the dragon. Okay. So you guys head over there. You now see partially elements of the wall that had crumbled in on Vorugal's body. You see now, emerging from the center of the scales in the chest as it lays on its back, slain, its throat torn out by Raishan, a piercing tree begins to burrow its way through the torso of the dragon and bloom outwards. Waiting for that process to finish, you bring out your carving dagger and-- Okay. It grows pretty fast as part of the enchantment of Fenthras. So, that brief pause completed, you go to town with your blade on the dragon's corpse. Let's go ahead and make a check on this. This would be-- Yeah. 28, okay. It'll take you the better part of about an hour to really harvest everything you want from this that's usable, and that's with aid from Scanlan, because it's a very big dragon, and that's a pretty small blade. So you begin that process. Okay. Make a strength check. You spend the next minute and a half going (grunting sounds). It's not budging. Oh, the next minute and 20 seconds going (grunting sounds). You do manage to found a couple loose scales on the ground nearby after you've thoroughly embarrassed yourself. Okay, while he's doing that, what are you guys doing? Yeah. Grog's already run off. Scanlan's following. Okay. She's thoroughly hurt, but you still have the entrance to the mansion. Yeah, so you guys pull into there to rest for the moment. While Grog, as you're running, this eagle comes up to your side, is gaining on you a bit. As you come over the top of this one little ridge area, as the ravine begins to widen and head towards the lair portion that Vorugal was using, you see before you a group of about 22 or so armored dragonborn that are currently jogging up the ramp in your direction. As soon as you cross over the top they come to a slower point, with their weapons out, and you see one of them raise its hand. You recognize Skork, who you met earlier, who goes, "We've come to aid you!" All right! They pick up their weapons and keep running past you as you [whoosh] through them, the eagle following closely after. Tooma is not with them, no. Yeah, you coast up behind, you begin catching up to Grog and the wayward eagle. You're the fastest of everything right now. So you're staying back at same speed. Okay. As you guys begin carving, you begin hearing the footsteps approaching of numerous dragonborn. The rest of you guys continue down the path. You see the icy throne, if you will, of where Vorugal had placed as the new lair on this northern portion of the ravine. You guys that are staying behind, as you're carving your way into the dragon, all of a sudden you hear the footsteps and a bunch of these dragonborn, armored, with scavenged pieces, leather hide with metallic bits of armor. Weapons, definitely not of the highest degree from what you can tell, though some are ornate and seemingly unused, maybe scavenged from the fall of Draconia. They approach and slow their jog and look over at the destroyed corpse of the dragon. They all look confused at each other and start talking to each other in a language you don't understand. They nod and Skork gives a respectful nod and they all approach the dragon's corpse and start hacking into it. Skork takes two steps forward and goes, "I understand this speak." (disgruntled grunt) "Look. We have to come to aid you in the battle as promised. You have "seemingly done well without our presence. So let's all harvest the uses of what remains of this beast." "Take what you wish. We are interested in hide and meat." "Perhaps some teeth and claws as well. We shall trade." (speaks Draconic) All of them rush up and start hacking into the soft portions of the underbelly, where it's been exposed from where you guys have left large wounds and such and basically start to carve huge bits of dragon meat off the body. One of them was going for the tree and stops like-- And then looks very confused that the tree wasn't piercing through the dragon, but was rooted inside of it. They all take a moment to start carving around it. It's a very awkward. They don't know what the hell happened and it looks very strange from an outsider's perspective, but they're trying to adjust best they can. In the meantime, the three of you guys coast down towards the lair. You can still see all the ice spires that are jutting out from portions of the snow, the various dragonborn corpses still adorning a number of the spires. As you begin to approach the throne of Vorugal, you can see there's a group of about 15 or so dragonborn currently there that are starting to climb up and get to that portion to inspect. You see, first, before anyone else does, Vex, that one of them appears to be Tooma, who is walking with this gnarled staff that she keeps to her side. And they're all approaching and climbing up the sides of the throne to get to the top. You shout that and there's a moment of pause. Then, all of them turn and look in your direction. "This is good to know." (speaks Draconic) And the dragonborn around slowly pull backwards. You understand her saying, "Hold off. Words of warning." They all pull back and gather around you, and stand, awaiting what this conversation is going to entail as Tooma steps forward to you. "So "am I to understand, then, that the dragon has fallen?" She looks over at the rest of the people who are all looking towards her for confirmation. She goes, "You came to us with words. You stood behind them. You displayed honor and honesty, things we "find rare in supply outside of our people. Us, the Ravenites, survivors of chain and frost, are now "truly free. We thank you." "I am curious as to what you require from us." "Against what foe?" You see her face immediately goes from that calm, welcoming, elated expression she had a moment ago to this guarded, retracted position where she shifts her weight onto the back leg and-- "We are not an army. We wish to help in this fight, for we had a stake in it, both of us. This "was a mutual arrangement. You owe us nothing. We owe you nothing. But we are not ready to continue "the fight immediately with a more dangerous foe than this one." "Who do you think arranged, through previous conversation, to send the dragon your way into the "trap that you had sprung? At my suggestion of the place of proper, and most conventional and helpful "circumstances?" "We may not have the might to finish the dragon--" "We sent men your way!" "We knew when to begin the fight, but we do not have means of travelling as fast as a dragon!" Perception check. There is snow and ice and it's pissing you off! More snow. More and more snow. In the middle of this conversation, some of it starts spattering the side of Vex. You're like, "Stop it!" Angrily rage-looting nothing. (laughs) "You are right. [no audio] And from this, I think we could try to rebuild, a new home for the "dragonborn of Wildemount. Learn from the mistakes of our predecessors and our oppressors. We are no "majestic mage nation by any means, but we can learn." She looks over at one of the nearby dragonborn. "This is Korsa. He is our finest "stonesmith. I will see to it that it is done." "This can be done. (sighs) This mound represents the spoils of the remains of Draconia "the dragon greedily stole, hoarded, and forced us to gather at the base of its icy seat. This will "be the beginning of our new nation, and with this, we will make sure this statue comes to bear." No. You can, Scanlan. Okay. You glance down, and after pushing some of the snow out of the way, it's amazing that Grog didn't see this at all, but not really when you think about it. Encased in this pedestal that Vorugal had taken as a perch, beneath multiple feet of thick, locked ice, you see an incredible amount of hoarded gold, silver, platinum glittering as bits of light break through the overhead clouds, as the sleet is still raining down in places. Bits of it gleam and shift and shimmer. You can see finely crafted knick-knacks and statues and gems and antiqued metals all buried deep beneath this platform. It looks to be pieces of ornate armor and weaponry, all sorts of a random assortment of items that are locked beneath feet of ice, right there before you. Oh yeah, once he points it out, you immediately clarify and the red haze that was covering your eyes suddenly fades and you see shiny. Yes, you can. Yeah. (laughs) Yeah, and as you start, each punch, the ice (splintering noise) more cracks begin to spider out. An incredible feat of strength and you can see the dragonborn take a few steps back at this view, and Tooma is almost intrigued at this point, staring with this grin across her face as this symbolic destruction of what represented Vorugal's lording over their entire life is being ripped apart by this half-giant madman. A few more punches through and a whole portion slides off and you have to move out of the way. You knock it aside with your fist and keep punching through and eventually you get about, over the next ten or 15 minutes, breaking through enough of the ice that you start hitting (clanging), starting to hit the actual outskirts of this large pile of gold pieces. Okay, glancing about best you can in the vicinity, you don't see any traps. Yeah, the orbs are embedded in the top restful area. The actual hoard is hidden, locked beneath the ice at the base of this large platform, so you're essentially punching through the bottom portion. Much like any sandcastle, the further you go, the less structural integrity it has. You're starting to make headway into releasing and finding access to some of the horde yourself. She points to two of them and brings them over and two of the dragonborn step forward and release this torrent of flame into the area that you've already carved out. Yeah, it only lasts a few seconds and it causes a portion of it to melt back, but it's still extremely strong ice and it didn't have as much of an impact as you hoped it would've. This is very, very sturdy white dragon-conjured, ice-protected walls. Yeah, it's hot and it's an explosion. It's not just fire. It's an explosion. So it detonates from the inside of that small concave path that you had punched through and as it hits and detonates you can see the ice further crack. The ice begins to crack even further and portions of it, you see a bit of snow bank that had gathered at the top shakes free and off the side, revealing some of the upper platform. Yeah, you can start scooping bits. "The spoils here were largely collected from the wreckage of our captors and much of the gold "here was earned through our blood and turmoil. However, we were able to free ourselves and have "access to this fortune a great deal thanks to your aid. We are more than willing to divide this "between your folk and ours." Make an investigation check. Make an investigation check. Yeah. (laughing) Do you want to add your bardic inspiration dice to that to be a dick? All right, there you go. Now Critical Role owes a royalty to the Beatles. All right, so, Grog, you find a painted gold war mask that looks really cool and nasty with the lower jaw. You're like, yes and you can put it on. Okay. Your tongue sticks to the mask. You rip it off, all right. You take a point of damage. And your tongue is pounding with pain (throbbing) as the top layer of skin has been torn off your tongue. But the mask is still yours. You do also find a really beautiful black stone. It's really well cut and it's about that big and it's really pretty and dark and awesome. And a whole shitton of gold and platinum. You, looking through, you find a beautiful reddish ruby gem that has this slightly gold refraction in the center of it that's somewhat symmetrical, it looks otherworldly almost. It's beautiful. You see deeper within the actual hoard a ship's mast that was plated with gold that has been jammed in the center of the hoard, wreckage that was dragged here and included in the hoard. You do also see, amongst some of the gold, a small vial with liquid that is unaffected by the freezing temperatures around it. The liquid is-- let me look that up. It is like a thick syrupy metallic, like a liquid iron, a reddish metallic tint to it. And you find a pair of boots that are made from a very thick, dark brown hide. Yeah, a dark brown leather, not very elaborate in their design, but they're well made and seemingly have braved the cold weather well enough. We'll get to that in a second. Sam! Scanlan. You find amongst this a platinum bracelet set with a gorgeous sapphire that looks like it's probably worth quite a bit. You also find another unbroken vial amongst a series of other vials that did break in the process of being hoarded here, the liquid spilled out. There's one unbroken vial. This one is a yellowish fluid with black swirls that shift on their own inside the vial's contents. As you shake it, you see they move at a faster speed and then slow down in a reverse direction. It's a very interesting pattern. Kind of. Underneath that vial, you see a very beautiful-- There you go! You find a gold and platinum band that is two separate bands that are woven together like a braid in a band. Kind of. Other than that, it looks nice. There's no other defining markings on it. Looks like it would be worth quite a bit. You do, also, as you rolled ridiculously high, in pulling the ring out and the vial, you glance over and a handle is embedded in a large part of the gold. You go and grab it and it's actually a pretty big handle once you get your gnomish hand on it. You pull and you pull forth a very beautiful platinum greatsword. It has a series of small symbols carved along the base of the blade on each side. The handle comes a gradual upward curve. It looks beautiful, ornamental, like something you'd see in a temple as part of a centerpiece. But it's weighted properly for a greatsword and is far too big for you to ever possibly muster in battle. Make an investigation check. You have never been so sure in your life that this sword totally not trapped. As you begin pulling out these materials, a series of the other Ravenites start gathering gold, filling sacks and having to pass them off. You see now two of them are pulling two big carts over and are loading up cash in the area. This is going to push your bag of holding. You get about 20 minutes of gathering gold and platinum pieces from the section you have access to. You could get more, if you continue to dig beneath, probably. You manage to pull roughly, between the three of you, 18,000 gold pieces and about 12,000 platinum pieces. (yelling) That's a third of what's in the hoard right now. For the gold to platinum transition here-- Ten gold pieces per platinum. "No, not really. It's part of what's great about it, is you put your trust into them and "everything turns out okay." "You saw her, she punched a dragon for me!" "I didn't like Larkin very much. It's probably for the best." "Dwarves are made of hardy stuff, I'm sure he'll be okay." (pained) "Thank you." All right, come back to you guys. So Vorugal is butchered in the center of the snow here. Strangely, as you begin to carve, the air, as freezing as it is, actual touch on the skin of Vorugal is colder, and there's a few moments where your fingers begin to adhere to the cold and you have to pull back a bit. But you do manage to carve from the hide, if you can carry it properly, about 150 pounds of dragon hide. As you're doing this, Tooma is watching you, going-- (speaks Draconic) Another dragonborn walks over and picks up the beef jerky strips, hands them to Tooma, and Tooma keeps watching you all, chewing on one. Well done. Yeah, it's the gamiest of gamey meat you've ever touched. It is why I love the word "slough." (disgusted groaning) Do you have any more empty vials? We'll say you go ahead and recork three vials of white dragon blood. Anything else? Okay. So you guys go ahead and join Vax and Pike. Kima comes and joins you as well, to rest for a moment, while the rest of the Ravenites begin tearing off pieces of Vorugal's body, leaving the ribcage, the spine. They pull most of the organs out of it, but the tree itself is rooted into the ribcage and the roots reach down and burrow into the ground beneath it. It's left this really interesting sculpture that they've torn everything away from. At this point now, the Ravenites have descended upon the interior of the hoard, and they're hacking away at bits of ice to open up more of the space beneath, while keeping a very careful eye to make sure the structure remains intact. You guys have gathered what you decided to take from the hoard, and are doing what? Gold plating around it. There are portions of it where you can see the wooden mast with large bands of gold. It was hard to tell. From what you could tell, it is a mast. The airships you've seen do not have masts, since they do not use the wind. So it was most likely a sea-faring ship, and was torn asunder, from a great distance and then dragged here as part of the hoard by Vorugal. Sure, make an investigation check. You push past some of the Ravenite workers, their shoulders don't give and you have to squeeze through. As you get there, the upper part is still locked in ice, and the lower part is locked in ice. For how much they've carved through already, is the central portion, but what you can see is a wooden mast with large, thick bands of gold around it that are ornamental. You can see within them carvings and designs of a language you don't really understand-- actually, what languages do you know? You do not recognize this language, but it appears to be ornamental, and that whatever ship this belonged to was a prized ship of either a navy or merchant fleet. Based on some of the marks on it, it looks like it was grabbed and broken off a ship. Looking down below, there is a portion of a ship that is beneath it as well. Much deeper, maybe another 25 feet of solid ice below you with the rest of this hoard. There's a portion of this ship that was dragged here by Vorugal. As you're hustling your way up the ravine to the east, you pass by a number of Ravenites coming by with large sacks, and chunks of dragon meat draped over them. You can see the meat itself is freezing the air and shoulders of those that are carrying it. The essence of the dragon's ice-built form is causing them to constantly shift it because it's starting to stick to their armor, and you see icicles beginning to form at the outside of these large dragon-meat haunches that they're carrying. (speaking Draconic). Keeps walking, doesn't seem to understand you. Eventually you make your way back to Scanlan's Magnificent Mansion and gather the rest of the party. Percy, Kima, Keyleth and Vax are all there, resting and eagerly awaiting your return. Okay, make some tinkering checks. These are tinkering checks. That's your Animus? I believe Bad News was also? 26 is fine. You manage to get Bad News functioning again in the workshop below. And Retort was okay, right? So as you all return and gather around-- Which, by the way, is a macabre view as you walk in, and there's this smear of dark purple dragon blood, and long, haphazardly carved chunks of dragon hide, almost like the preset green lawn rectangles that roll out and smeared across the center of the foyer. When it's finally wound up, it won't fit within the Bag of Colding. The Bag of Colding is the size of a relatively large satchel. The dragon hide, rolled up, is about that big around, what you managed to carve off. About 150 pounds. The teeth and those things can be put in the Bag of Holding. The only thing that needs to be preserved is the hide, until it's treated. The blood's been capped. That should probably be put in there. Yeah, mark three vials of white dragon blood in the Bag of Colding. The talons themselves are large claws that have been removed. There you go. Okay, I need you to-- no, I'm kidding. (laughter) Celestial, yes, you do. Looking across the symbols, they are specifically symbols speaking of creation, devotion, the power of a deity's love and the unity between god and creation. It is a very religious and holy text across the blade, both sides. She's right now in the process, in the kitchen, of massaging some of the bruising and wounds she took from the battle. "Where the heck did you get this?" "Give me a little bit of time, I need to see if I can make this part of my communion. Hold on a "second." And she walks away, staring at the blade. Without leaving her eyes from the scrolling on the side, walks quietly past all of you in the center of the foyer, sits down with it and starts meditating over the blade. (shushing) No, the symbols on the side of weapon look like an ancient text, they're laid in a very ceremonial format. The text that you saw on the side of the mast looked more like an engraving. It was fluid. Yeah, make an arcana check. It is not magical. However, your keen bardic eye, looking at the gem, it is a very rare gem. It is worth quite a bit. It's actually a black sapphire, an extremely rare gem. It runs in the market anywhere between four to six thousand gold. Yeah. They're very simple leather boots, there's no real ornamentation beyond being functional boots. As you take a moment to look at them, there is a faint shimmer to the leather itself. When the light hits it, the brown gives way to a slight purplish undertone. It looks to have some sort of enchantment. You can take a short rest and take time with the item to figure out what it could do, if you want to. Okay, so you attune to your staff. What are you unattuning from? So all your saves are down by two, your AC is down by two, for now. Good to know. Like Stone of Jordans now. It's the thing you trade. Props to you if you know what that reference was. What do you guys want to do? Do you want to take a short rest to try and figure things out? Kima's focusing on the sword, you're focusing on the boots. Who else is doing what? Which gem is this? Oh, the ruby. It looks very pretty. You know what? Yeah, if you wanted to take a look. So Keyleth was taking a look at the potions? All right, so as you guys make a short rest. Keyleth, you identify both potions, one of which is a Potion of Speed. Yep. The other is a Potion of Invulnerability. Half all damage for a minute. All right, the boots. To you, Vex. Yeah, those aren't attunement. (cheering) If you fail the check though, you fall prone where you stand. Strength check, so you'll probably be okay. Once in a while banana peel. That magic would override the spell, based on the enchantment. It's two different magical forces affecting the same thing. The Jump spell is part of the enchantment that boot was crafted around. The platinum band is not magical. But it is worth quite a bit, actually. The platinum band is worth about 2500 gold. And the ring, who had the ring? The platinum bracelet was what he looked at right now. That's worth 2500. You have the ring? It does require attunement. It's a legendary item, meaning it's extremely rare. You know how you use a spell, and once you do something the spell's gone? That, while you're wearing it-- you can turn back invisible for another action. As many times as you want, for as long as you wear it. So situationally, it can be very useful, if you're trying to do infiltration or something. No. It's less of a combat benefit, necessarily, in some situations it may be. Kima is happy. Kima is very happy. As she stands up she takes the blade and swings it. It hits the ground, and when she hits you can see a spark of divine energy from the impact. She looks at her maul and goes, "Sorry, old "friend. You'll find a good new home. But I'd say this Holy Avenger is going to do me quite well." To give you specifics, it requires attunement by a paladin. Only really Vax or her could attune to it. It's plus three bonus to attack and damage rolls. Hitting a fiend or undead, the creature takes an additional 2d10 radiant damage on every hit. While you hold the drawn sword, it creates an aura in a 10ft radius around you. You and all creatures friendly to you in the aura have advantage on saving throws against spells and magical effects. "Oh, you want the maul?" "It's my Holy Thunder Maul. It deals additional thunder damage when I hit something. "That's about it." (thunk) I'm good for now. "Oh, I shall." No, but it is worth 750 gold. No, but continue please. Yeah, it resembles the Maori warrior masks with the big open mouth, the tongue sticking out, the two pronged teeth coming up from underneath. It's a war mask, it's meant to inspire fear and give you an ominous presence on the battlefield. It's gold. Old, very old. If you were to attach it some way, it would look very interesting. So while you guys go downstairs, you two are going to the dining area? All right, you guys find your way to the wine room. Scanlan, what are you doing? All right, you four head down to the training room. Kima comes down to watch as well. Pike comes down, eager to watch what this new artifact does. You head down to the training area. You have the big sandpit that's cordoned off with the wooden outskirts, you have the various dummies set up in certain ways, you have the portion of the room that has the armor stand on the side, the weapon stand. What do you want to do? Which is? Okay. At where? Everyone stays back. Furthest part of the sandpit is going to be one of the various combat dummies. So you launch-- put the staff down, you guys watch as in the centerpiece at the top, where that one gem is hovering and slowly rotating in place, the gem begins to glow bright red from its soft bluish-green composure. As it hits bright red, this beam of familiar red arcane energy streaks forward, hits it and detonates into a shaking explosion, destroying the wooden dummy and singeing the one immediately left to it. So that's three charges off. Okay. As you do, you watch as this giant bolt of electrical energy arcs off the same place on the staff, hits the dummy and the dummy immediately bursts into flames from the energy hitting the wood, and then arcs off and hits the two others. Suddenly the dummies are partially blown apart on one side, the charred section slowly smoldering as smoke pours up, and you can see bits of the electrical energy going (crackling) through the remainder of the wooden dummy. Okay, and which elemental are you going to conjure? You watch as she slams the staff in the ground and you feel this quaking, and the sandpit behind her begins to slowly billow and rise up. As the sand falls away from underneath, you see, standing behind and looming over Keyleth, this giant, cracked stone earth elemental, very much like the form she often takes, standing behind her. Its eyes flash up with a bright green glow and it sits there, awaiting her command. That's right, because you got your forms back at a short rest. So now she turns into the same form. There's now two elementals there. Each slam itself causes the air around to (cracking) like a small thunderwave in its own right. Go ahead and roll an attack. And for the other elemental, what's your bonus? As an earth elemental, what's your attack bonus? Because the other elemental is going to punch him at the same time too. Plus eight? That's a 16, that does not. So here's what happens. In slow motion, Grog stands there with a big grin on his face, and both fists go (slamming) and glide off, no impact. And you're still dumbfounded and enjoying the moment. No, you hear (rockslide crashing). The beard is fine. That is an 18. It doesn't miss, what it does is it hits you and you're like (slamming). You barely felt it. By the way, you've now burned 14 charges. All right, go ahead and roll a d20. Add your strength modifier and your proficiency modifier. 19. What's your AC, Grog? Whack! Percy, you're going to the workshop, you said? So you guys go and do that. In the meantime, both of you find your way to Scanlan's wine room. (aerating noises and laughter) You grab it, look at the label. It's a Pinot Noir, and the title of the brand says Le White Meat. No, it's regular red wine. But definitely is labelled with a chicken on it. Same label. They're all the same wine. Yeah, you already used it. In a minute you will be, yeah. As Vax sloppily leaves the room, you're left in quiet, by yourself with your-- We're going to go ahead and take a break here, come back here in a minute, use the restroom. That's not true. You've discussed the spoils from your last major story bit, so we'll be back here in a few minutes. We're going to go ahead and take a restroom break, fill up on drinks. Stay tuned and we'll see you in a minute. [break] Love you too, guys. I do want to say real fast that our wonderful Kiki Day, who made a number of other Vestiges-- Made Fenthras, made-- Made the Spire of Conflux, which you can see on Marisha's twitter right now? Geek & Sundry's twitter. As well as making me a belt buckle that I'm going to be wearing at Blizzcon. (yelling) (McCree voice) Just saying. (McCree voice) Now I've got a reason to go ahead and wear myself a tucked-in shirt. (normal voice) Anyway, let's get into the game. You guys, finishing those scenes. Taking a short rest. You roll your hit dice to heal up a bit. What more do you wish to accomplish? What's your next plan of action, Vox Machina? Make a tinkering check, and this, actually, make-- Okay! That being the case, it's going to help with the metal's pliability. Go ahead and make your regular dex-based. Would make it strength-based for the metal, but the Heat Metal is helping you with that. 26? Yeah, without an issue you manage to apply the mask onto the back of the helmet after looking at some brief glances at the shape of Grog's head, making sure that it has a hinge so if he leans forward, it doesn't restrict or press into his back if he looks up. It is a functional backmask onto his delightful pointed helmet. On the inside of the mask? Sam is so over it. Well, first you get to the doorway of the workshop. Make a strength check. What'd you roll? Look it up. You add your strength modifier as an elephant. I'm going to find it right now. I'm going to find for you what an elephant's stats are! Just going to go look it up for you! You rolled a what, a two? It's plus six because it has a strength of 22 because it's a goddamn elephant. So eight. You (slam). It lurches ever so slightly, but that is a very strong doorway. It's almost like the arcane nature of Scanlan's magic makes a good home. You hit it again. Make another strength check. 16. It causes some of the plaster to crack. Doesn't get that much further, but you're starting to get a serious headache. You're starting to hear it now. There's this low, general slamming sound in the mansion. Another strength check. 19. The door gets knocked partially off of its hinges and the frame is now slightly bent forward. The wood is splintered and the stone has more cracks into it. The headache is now pounding. You guys hear another, even louder slam this time. As you rush down to the outside of Percy's workshop you see some crazed, large, shifting gray movement of some creature, on the other side of the doorway. All right, both of you guys roll a-- You don't see Percy, because Percy's above you! No, because you're inside the workshop and you're above the doorframe she's slamming into. So Scanlan, you go running with Mythcarver in the air, and as you go to strike, Grog shoves you out of the way, in the middle of his angry grab and you go skidding across the ground, Mythcarver spinning out of your grasp across the floor. Are you making a single attack or are you doing a full round of attacks on this beast? So roll another attack, are you raging for this? Okay, both hit. Go ahead and roll damage on both attacks, non-rage damage. You take 42 points of damage from your maximum of 76 hit points as an elephant, as all of a sudden, what little bit of vision you have through the pounding headache, you glance through in time to see Grog's form (roaring) run up and slam his axe into you twice. 42. 76. You're going to gorge him? All right, Marisha. I would like you to roll for a gore attack against Grog. Plus eight. 18? No, I don't think that hits you. So you go ahead and try and gore Grog, and Grog ducks right beneath the two giant ivory horns. Make a strength check. With that, as you duck below, the elephant slams through the archway, sending stone and pieces of wood flying, and stumbles past. You duck down to try and the avoid the attack, going underneath the elephant as it begins to stomp over you into the room. You see this as you spin around. The elephant bursts in, and it is very much an elephant, you can see now, with Percy on top being dragged through the rubble. Scanlan and Grog, what are you doing? How many charges does it have left? But each time you use it-- okay. Not quite how it works, I don't think. Oh, you're right. One charge is a third level spell, I misunderstood. So you launch your Fireball, go ahead and roll damage. 8d6. Keyleth, I need you to roll a d20 minus one. Okay. Percy, I need you to roll a dexterity saving throw. Okay, what was the damage you said? I need you to roll a dexterity saving throw, with advantage. That would have been something to mention earlier, so going forward the attacks will have disadvantage, but you have to remember that for it to have an effect. He hasn't attacked yet, he's rolling because a Fireball just blew up in his face! So that's half damage to you. You said it was 26 damage? So 13 points of fire damage to Percy and Grog, and a full 26 points of fire damage to you. That puts you at a total of 42 plus 26, so 68. You're still up. The elephant that's now storming through the center-- hold on, I have to go with the battle music for this now. --storming through the center of the foyer, is now spinning around, flames exploding, engulfing Percy, Grog. The elephant is now covered in blood and scrapes. That finishes your go. Grog, you're up. Take your d12 inspiration. With disadvantage. I know. You still have the second attack. So as you go-- It still hits. You rolled a two and it still hits because its AC is 12. It's very big and easy to hit. Go ahead and roll damage on the next attack. You only hit with one. How much was that, 20 points? Okay, so Keyleth, you yourself take 12 points of damage. As your axe swings through and slams into the elephant, the elephant's form suddenly vanishes, as your axe cleaves through Keyleth a little bit, causing her to fall back and catch herself. In a second, Percy goes (thud) on the ground next to you. It feels impressive. Yeah. You can. It's not as comfortable, but it definitely feels badass.	Ask Larkin. Okay. All right, so you guys take your long rest. You regain your spells, you're all full hit points, you regain half your max hit dice. So if you spent more than half of your hit dice, you still-- No. By the time you'd wake up, they'd be gone, probably. Okay. All right. Well-rested. A fresher day. The mansion, growing fairly close to probably expending the rest of its magic. What do you guys do? Yeah. All right, great. So you guys have put yourselves together. Kima and Pike joined you downstairs in the foyer. You make your way back out into the ravine just as the magic of the mansion fades. There you can see most of the dragon bones picked entirely off the corpse of Vorugal, except for the ribcage, still remaining as a landmark of the battle that took place with a central tree still sprouting from the top of it. No, the magic of Fenthras creates the tree and it stays that size as it sprouts. Who knows if over time it may grow? You haven't had the time to really tell. You guys make your way-- The weather has cleared up. There's breaks in the clouds. It's still mostly cloud-covered, but you do see glimpses of blue sky here and there. Still cold, still see your breath out in the air. But the temperature does feel slightly warmer than it was the day before. You begin to walk down to the ravine center on the north side of the ravine where Vorugal's lair once resided. You can see hundreds of footprints, up and down, through the snow, through the ravine; looks like there's been a lot of foot traffic to and from while you guys were resting. You make your way to the ice throne of Vorugal and you see a portion of it has collapsed inward. But you also see a lot of foot traffic around, most of the ice spires that remained up there have been broken. The remaining Draconian corpses that were adorning them were taken down, or aren't in sight. And you can see there are a few remaining dragonborn Ravenites that are stepping in and out of the cavern-like chamber that you largely punched through and they continued to excavate it into the night. He looks for a second and says, "It is nothing for us. But we've worked around it." He points down, and you can see the portion of it that has collapsed, filled in part at the side and shoveled out in these large chunks of ice that are sitting outside of this cavern area. Parts of the ship have been moved around-- it looks like it's been somewhat damaged. It's not a full ship. It's a large portion of a ship. It looks like in whatever battle or attack that Vorugal took this ship, it destroyed a huge portion of it in doing so and took the rest of it with it, in pieces. And it is a very pretty ship. It looks like it may have been the jewel of a navy somewhere. And here it resides. However, it does appear like the ship has seen many moons since it was originally taken, if that makes any sense. Like, it wasn't brought directly here. It looks like almost a keepsake that Vorugal has moved from lair to lair. Has some sort of sentimental value. What languages do you know? You don't even know Common. No one has understood you this entire game! Pike does pick up on it. It is Dwarvish text. That is a problem. It is Dwarven, and as Pike begins reading around it, this-- it's the name of the ship across the mast, which is "The Floebreaker." This ship appears to have been, at least in some way, shape, or form, designed as a means of travelling through very far north icy regions, meant to break through elements of heavy glacier flows and such. The construction of it, as you get closer to the actual bit of the ship that is there, you can see it's very heavily reinforced with metal and has a very rigid structure to it. The fine scrolling that you saw before, it looks to be partially filled with ice at times. So as soon as it broke away, you could see it's actually more of a harsh, broken Dwarvish runic writing to it. The ship has definitely seen a lot of wear and tear. That's about as much you can make out of it. You can attempt to climb inside if you want to. Just the top of the deck, and where the mast connects to the-- that portion is still frozen into the upper part of the throne. There is no entrance immediately visible, but you can break through some more ice or try to break through the actual deck to get there. Okay. A flaming ball begins to roll on the bridge of the ship. Maybe four feet away from where the ice begins. You can see there is one broken portion of the ship deck, maybe about a three-foot, four-foot hole that you could melt towards if you wanted to. Okay. It's taking a while. About how long does the spell last, the Flaming Sphere? All right, Flaming Sphere, up to a minute, yeah. The spell expires, the minute done, and you've managed to melt maybe three inches into the ice? About four feet of ice. Okay, make your strength check. 21. He continues to punch, and punch, and punch, and each one you see the ice crack, pieces of it break away. You get quite a ways to punching through towards the direction that you are currently melting before a lot of the ice crumbles and falls and almost buries you for a second. But you knock it away and pull yourself out of it as you do, scooping the shards that occupied the space where you were and get out of the way. Keeps punching. You get to one point, and you hit, and you hear a (dull impact). You watch a crack spider up to the top of the throne. Portion of the throne above you is now starting to crack and fall onto the side. Okay. I need the three of you who are closest to it to make a dexterity saving throw, please. You have advantage on dexterity, though. You'll be fine. Okay, so you see this happening. A portion of it, like a whole half side of it has cracked and is sliding down into the cavern that has been excavated by your party and the Ravenites. If you're almost on it-- Only half of it's collapsing, I'll say sure. Go for it. You who offers me to let you make a dexterity saving throw, yes. I will take it. So yeah. You manage to leap off and tumble in the snow to the bottom and don't have to worry about it. Travis? So as you guys dart out, Grog and Keyleth unfortunately are left a little bit behind. You both are pummelled with chunks of hard ice and jagged points of broken frost there, dealing 13 points of bludgeoning and piercing damage to both of you. And you find yourselves partially buried in the ice that cracks off it. You see most of Keyleth's body is currently buried, just her head and arms are out. And Grog, you're about up to your waist now in broken ice and snow. And you're like, (grunts), and pull yourself out. You pull Keyleth out. At this point, the entire excavation portion-- by the way, as you guys came back, most of the gold and platinum that was in there has been completely removed by the Ravenites over time. And this whole area that has been excavated so carefully left it in a precarious place. Those physical hits by Grog sent that whole south side of the throne to collapse inwards. So it's partially collapsed. There's a large pile of ice, rock and snow. And it's not very accessible from the current standpoint. Make a investigation check. All right. What did you roll? 26? Yeah. You see within the north side of the throne, there are two orbs embedded in the ice, about a foot beneath the surface. Previously you saw more. No, meaning when you guys first came to this when he wasn't there, you saw three stones. You now see two. But half of the throne has collapsed as well. About a foot, a foot and a half from the surface. The handful of dragonborn that were there, after the collapse, were walking back to the internal cavern area. As you head back, a large portion of Ravenites have all come out of their caves, and right now are in the process of scouring the ruins. Some of them are putting armaments away. Tooma is out there, currently conversing with a number of the other community leaders that are deciding what the next steps are. "Very well." "I wish to thank you for your sticking to your word." "The riches from the hoard will provide enough for us. You need not worry." "It was without snow. We are at the south side of Wildemount. I hope this fades with "time, we are not bound for snow people." "You can do this?" "By all means. We would appreciate it." "Me too." "Yes?" "Yes." "Why?" "What does this mean?" "Okay." "But you're going to kill this Thordak, yes?" "You should get to him quickly, then." "Good." "Keep in mind for it." What level is Plant Growth? 3rd-level. Gotcha. Boy, guys! It affects all normal plants within a hundred-foot radius. So you have a very specific portion that you revitalize in the ravine. Actually, no, all plants in a half-mile radius are-- I should have kept reading. Okay, so yeah. You talk to her about it, and she tells you, "The ravine itself does not have the nutrients to support crops, but we had farmland right "above the ravine." "Once the snow melts, yes." Okay. You get there, and through the use of your elemental magics, you easily cast aside the snow. And from underneath, you can see where once there was a heavy amount of cropland that has all died off because of the recent freeze that came with Vorugal. You take the eight hours to concentrate and as you, do you enrich the land. You can watch as many of these dead seeds come to life with green once more. Suddenly, you see sprouting bits of delicious cabbages and other forms of produce begin to spring to life and grow nutrient rich. As this happens, you can see a few of the Ravenites who followed you to watch this are taken aback and excitedly rush down to tell the rest of the people. The rest of you are bored out of your mind for the next eight hours. He's had a lot of wine. Yes, as you reach for it, there's nothing there. So you guys have fun sparring for a while, you beat the crap out of each other off and on for a few hours and you both feel good about it. When the eight hours have finished, you guys reconvene. I want both of you guys to make performance checks You want to add your d12? You can add your own bardic inspiration. Okay, okay. It is close, but as much as your cursive writing was on point, it was impressive that Vax was capable of cursive drawing the X, stopping and then crossing the X. You know the word. And it's ten o'clock. We're going to go ahead and end today's session. Thank you guys for watching! That episode had a lot of interesting moments. The spoils of war. That is not going to be the title. Well then. We'll get ourselves to rest for the evening. You guys do the same, thank you for hanging in there. Once again, amazing community, we love you guys so much, all the support you have. Make sure to dig into all the awesome charities that we support, and you guys support as well. We're continuously getting messages from them, blown away by the generosity of the Critter and Team Hooman community, so thank you guys so much for your support on those. I guess until next week, guys. Is it Thursday yet? See you then.