Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. We have a bunch of announcements; try and get through them as fast as possible. First and foremost, Taliesin Jaffe is on his way, he's playing the part of Sam Riegel and being late today. But he'll be here shortly. And we do not have a Travis Willingham tonight, unfortunately, he is out of town shooting something pretty awesome, so yeah, boo indeed. Not watching Avengers this time. That was the only time he's missed it, yeah. And he was not happy. I know. He's like, why is everyone else leveling and not me yet? Nah, sorry dude. Anyway, so we'll miss you Travis, sorry you're not here. Oh, it sounds like we have a Taliesin. Get in there, Taliesin. We have two sponsors-- What? Two sponsors. We're splitting this up, is what we're doing. First, the new tonight-only sponsor we have is Puzzle Quest, Magic Puzzle Quest, actually. If you've watched any other programs this week, Me, Marisha, Liam and Taliesin all did a show that was on Tuesday. Before Talks Machina. Game the Game, with Rebecca and Ivan, where we played it, as well as a number of other ridiculous games. But it's great, I grew up playing Magic, it's very much a mutually-- There you go, and it's facing sideways. But it's a puzzle drop game, but mixed in with the mechanics of Magic. It's free, you can check it out, and they're being awesome, sponsoring us tonight. If you're into fantasy and that type of three-match games, totally up your alley, and if you click on the link in chat, which is bit.ly/criticalquest and try the game out. That's where you can go ahead and find it. So-- Oh and Taliesin, also I have left a sheet there for your updated Cabal's Ruin. No, in working on the campaign guide, and the section about the Vestiges, while also seeing how things played out through the game as we've gone through, there's been a slight balance tweak to a couple of them, most in your favor. Enjoy. I think so, actually, yeah. It's a benefit to you. It's a benefit to anybody who uses it in their own home campaign, it is not just specific. All the Vestiges suddenly turn to dust. In your bag. And your tears. Exactly. So yeah! So aside from Magic Puzzle Quest, we also have our secondary sponsor, Loot Crate! That's pretty good! A little Scottish at the end, though. I hope that's a sneak peek of your character in the next campaign, Sam. Thank you Loot Crate, thank you Magic Puzzle Quest-- Check 'em both out, guys. Couple quick announcements! Talks Machina will be up next Tuesday, and every following Tuesday simulcast both on Twitch and Alpha! So you guys can still get a chance to watch it, the Alpha supporters will still have all the access to it. It's going to be awesome, glad you guys get a chance to follow us along with that and to try out the platform, and enjoy it on Twitch. So yay! So, next Talks will have a couple guests, which you might meet later on this evening, will be joining the next episode this Tuesday at 700pm here and on Alpha. You're welcome, Brian. Next up! Next Monday December 12th, from 400pm to 600pm, there's an extra special holiday season episode of Dick and Johnson happening here. Dick and Johnson Save Everything Ultra Holiday Special-- such a specific title-- going to be a bunch of guests, including Chloe Dykstra, myself, I will be showing up for a little bit, with some ridiculousness in characters, so you guys need to check it out if you haven't already, it's-- how do you describe the game? It's like a shark riding a reindeer shooting a minigun, while waving an American flag and playing D&D. That's a challenge to you guys. Show us your pictures of your great amazing Dick and Johnson tattoo. Wherever it may be on your Dick and Johnson. But tune in next Monday, December 12th, at 400 to 600pm, check it out, I'll see you there. All right. I know! We're getting there, we're getting there. New GM Tips came out today! (cheering) He's a good man. And he wanted to be here tonight but he's unfortunately in a-- I say unfortunately-- fortunately in a tux, at the, I think it's the game-- what? The-- No no no no. Child's Play, I think, charity event tonight. So the whole cha-- no, it's the charity! It's all about charity, apparently. Speaking of charity, we have the pleasure of once again, as a fantastic example of this community that's sprung up around this channel and this show, so many of you guys have been so generous, and supporting of all the charities we've spoken of, and other charities you've gone on to find, we have one amazing Critter who is here tonight, named Mark Kuro, who has donated an amazing amount to 826LA in the name of this show-- (cheering) I completely agree. Thank you, Mark. Really appreciate it, thanks buddy. Well, you know, maybe I gave you a damage bonus, I don't know. Thank you, Mark. Hell yeah. Oh, and I forgot to mention this too, for the Talks Machina announcement too, while it's remaining on Twitch, also they will have an enhanced version on Alpha in the new year as well, so you'll have that positive element of it, too, and get to see what the platform is capable of doing with that show. So. There you go. Spotify playlists are still rolling out. We had Laura's go up last Friday. And, last-- Last but not least, me and Marisha are guesting at MagFest in January, 6th to the 8th, MagFest is one of my favorite events and has been for many years, it's a video-game music festival. We're going to have a bunch of panels over there, and there's a bunch of great concerts and shows going on, it's a general awesome, fun experience. If you haven't been before, I recommend it, if you have been, go again! We'll be there. Come and say hi. Our D&D show book-ended PSX, that's cool, actually. I haven't even seen that. No guarantee. All righty. I think that's it, right? Okay, good. Wow. Front-loaded them this week. Thank you for your patience, guys. It's all good! Good announcements. Good things. Good holiday spirit kicking forward. And in that same spirit of good positive fun, let's bring it down here into the current dramatic, rocketing conclusion of the Chroma Conclave, for tonight's episode of Critical Role! [dramatic music] Apparently! I missed most of it. I'm so removed from most events at the table before the game starts, I'm like what happened? What? No, I'm focused on the rest of the shit that's happening tonight. Anyway. So, to get you up to speed, our fantastic band of adventurers, Vox Machina, had been battling against the Chroma Conclave, a collection of evil, dangerous chromatic dragons, led by Thordak, the Cinder King, who has been reigning over their home city of Emon for quite some time, terrorising the community, and apparently slowly undergoing a change based on the elemental stone that is embedded in his body that once locked him into the Plane of Fire. You've defeated most of the dragons, and allied yourself with one of the only remaining members, Raishan, the green dragon. You guys have since acquired a number of allies, you made your way to the Fire Plane to the City of Brass, you returned to find Fort Daxio under attack. You managed to defend it, you saved a few friends, returned to Whitestone, and it seems like everything is gearing itself towards the final conflict in Emon, with Thordak the Cinder King. Last we left off, you were meeting underneath Whitestone at the ziggurat, with the current standing council, the War Council, of both Whitestone and this entire endeavor. You decided a couple of people to come with you, and now is your time to spend the next day or so wisely, as the army from Fort Daxio and Syngorn will be arriving at Emon by about sundown the following day. Your airship was in transit to Daxio, and has been rerouted to Emon as well. Everyone is converging to the city. What do you want to do to prepare? Right now, I'd say about mid-afternoon. Yeah, you guys just finished your meeting at the ziggurat. Yeah. It was on its way to Daxio-- There you go. If there ever was one, yeah. "Yes?" Percy's getting a little strange off to the side. He considers it for a second and goes, "Whatever makes me kill things faster." You did rest before coming here. You spent the evening in Fort Daxio. Allura has been in communication and has been the information hub between most of these individuals. By about dusk the following day. That's when they'll be there and ready. If you want more information, you might have to talk to somebody who has that information. Yeah, it was absolute chaos. You pushed your servants through. Your staff still currently exists somewhere in Whitestone. Correct. Because you are a druid, being a nature-based entity and it is a living creature... (laughter) I would say, due to the fact that you are a druid and nature is your basis, if it is a specific plant-based entity that you are very familiar with, sure. You have a number of trees in the front; you have the garden that you built in Sarenrae's temple. Okay. It doesn't work that way. In theory, scrying is only supposed to show you what's there. I narratively let a little bit of a journey happen. You can't control the journey, sorry. All right, so where are you doing the spell? Where are you doing your Scry ritual? Right, so are you guys heading back to the castle, then? While you guys are heading back to the castle from underneath the tunnels, you are briefly headed off by a familiar dwarven fellow in robes and a crystalline staff Elementalist Drake Thunderbrand. "By the way, before you leave, we've been working on a few things for you. They should "be of assistance to you. Come find me in the common room whenever you're ready." You head to your quarters to do the Scry spell? Okay. Your vision clarifies on dark clouds. Your vision sees a gathering of grayish mists, and you slowly transition through them to see shapes that are either extremely small or extremely distant. Your vision begins to funnel through it quickly, like you're passing over the edge of a waterfall. There's a rush, and you see, as the clouds dissipate, a glimpse of the overhead of Emon. You see the once-gleaming city of white across the Bladeshimmer Shoreline pockmarked with black and tall towers of curling black smoke. You see flames that still burn unfettered, unstopped throughout the town, and what looks from the distance like small clouds of gnats or flies that you realize are much larger flying entities doing small passes over various neighborhoods to keep watch or find food. Your vision jumps again, this time careening down even faster. Below, you can see, from an overhead view, Greyskull Keep. You begin to rush in that direction, and as it gets closer, you can see the same damage it took from the wall from the initial attack of the Conclave. You see elements of rubble around the outside, though it's still pristine, being repaired by the celestial entity that was summoned by Pike shortly after. Your vision jumps again, this time through the repaired stained-glass exterior of the temple of Sarenrae, and it comes to rest there in a moment, amongst the strangely contrasting, peaceful greenery of this temple. There's such a sense of hopelessness and horror on the outside of the city, this one little moment of time here is almost like a time capsule of how things were before. It's sad, but hopeful at the same time. As your vision swivels over to the tree, there in the temple, while contained here for as long as it's been, it seems to be healthy. Looking in the vicinity, most everything seems in place. As much as being away for the handful of months that you have been. They look like they haven't been trimmed or tended to recently. Correct. It has not fallen. Make a perception check with disadvantage through your Scry spell. Strangely, somehow through a Scry spell, something got in your eye in the temple. You don't know if it's divine energy interference or what, but it stings a lot, and you feel the essence of the spell begin to shiver and quake, and as you try and clear your vision through, it remains blurred. You're still there; your presence is there, but you don't have the capability of seeing anything beyond the tree you're focused on. The Scry spell is focused on the tree, and everything around it has this hazy fog-of-war feel about five feet beyond it. No, it was temporarily summoned for the reconstruction of the ceiling portion. Sure. Okay. Vex, as you progress up to the secondary floor to the outside of Zahra's room, the door is closed. Zahra, you hear a knock at your door. You had 12 jobs, pit crew. With your recently joined into your crusade tiefling ally, you go to gather the rest of your party. Who's going to Kashaw? (laughter) You take a long, slow, careful walk down through town to the guard barracks. It's a warmer and more humid day than you're used to in Whitestone. A couple of insects are out and about. There's a lot of aspects of Whitestone that you're noticing for the first time, because you really want to focus on anything else, and yet suddenly, without warning, you stop and realize you're standing right outside of the barracks. You see that recently there had been a finished training session with the up-and-coming guard, and there, sitting off to the side, partially armored and currently sharpening the edge of his spear, is Kashaw. And he's watching you. (laughter) All right, as you gather your implements of war and your supplies you may need for this journey, you two head back to the castle, a nice, solid six feet between you as you walk. Scanlan, you are off looking for Jarett. Go ahead and make an investigation check. 28. All right. You know exactly the type of people that he talks to. Because he's been put in this position of power within the guard hierarchy here in Whitestone, within the Pale Guard, there's really only three people that he hangs with. One of them's Kashaw. One of them's a guy who you never remember the name of, who's fun. That's the guy you're going to go bother. You go and talk to him for a bit, and he points to one of the few currently functioning, non-destroyed taverns in Whitestone. There you find him sitting there drinking alone; not heavy drinking, in his cups, but staring off at the wall and sipping a midday ale. "Ah. It is good to see you alive and-- right. Hi." "It is, yes. Otherwise, it would be Garett." "I'm good. I'm a little nervous, to be honest. I like to shoot things from a wall. I "don't like to go through a wall to shoot things, and that's been happening a lot recently, and from "what I've been hearing, tomorrow is looking to be a very big day." "I'd assume that would be the case. I would not want to have all of you disappear into "darkness and fire without me yelling behind you, 'don't die!' I figure that's the very least I "could offer for this circumstance." "Another bonus?" "Oh yeah, there was like four bonuses." "Damn right." "No, it was unfortunate. You see, my sister is engaged recently--" And he stands up and walks out of the tavern, putting a coin down on the front of the bar. "No worries. I'll find you "another lady." And he walks outside. "You're so much better at this when other people are involved. Why are you so bad when it's me?" (laughter) "We're out of the tavern." "It's fine. Look, it is very difficult to find anything right now, the way things have been. "But I did manage to scavenge a little bit of suude." "Yes." And he pulls out a small brown pouch, maybe about the size of a d20, really. Like a little nugget there, and it's tied tightly, and he pockets real fast. "Now, don't ask me again to do this." "No." "No, don't worry about it. Simply the bonus. Whatever you feel you owe me for it. But not "again, please. It's harrowing." "Harrowing. It was harrowing to acquire this for you." He leans in really close, one eye half-squinted, going, "I will never understand "you, Scanlan Shorthalt. You're a smart boy. How do you think you use it?" "Sure." And he walks out of the alleyway, really embarrassed that he even did this. The minute you said that, he was like, oh no, I just bought beer for a 12-year-old. He's like, ooh. He walks away and puts his hand up with a-- and keeps walking. You can almost see the hanging head shake as he continues back towards where he was in the tavern. (laughs) Mark down one small pocket satchel of suude. S-U-U-D-E. There is a society out there. People are going to continue to find ways to smoke, swallow, or inhale substances. Definitely not. How do you think herbalists of previous generations found out which plants are poisonous? Huh? That's bad. (laughter) You're spending money to fix it, but-- You could, actually. Okay, yeah. This is for Bad News? Yeah, that's fine. For Bad News, the original cost I have here... sorry, have to pull up the PDF to remind me, so I get it right. (laughs) I'd put it about at maybe 500 gold worth of materials. It's not a magical implement, but it is expensive. All right. As you make your way to try and find Cassandra, she is actually currently in her room talking with Allura. Talking with Gilmore, with Brom and Drake. There's guards rushing in and out. There's a general sense of ramping energy, as everyone is gathering everything they have at their disposal in preparation for what's going to happen tomorrow. (laughs) You can go look for Raishan, if you like. You don't know where Raishan is right now. As you enter the room, over in the corner, mid-conversation, Cassandra is currently rolling up some papers and handing them to a guard. Turns and finishes a quick bit of conversation whispering off to the side with Drake. Turns around and her eyes meet you and she goes, "Brother." "Yes. What can I do to help you?" "Right." "We've provided what we can. Drake, and a few of our helpful supporters here in the city have "been providing for this purpose. It's not much, but we do have--" and she snaps her fingers and points to Drake. You see he's currently putting together a big leather package. "Oh! No worry." And he lifts it up on the table. You hear the clanking of glass around on the inside of the satchel. He pulls it down a little bit over the front, pushes to the side and you can see there are two cushioned racks that contain various sizes of vials. "All right, we've got three greater healing potions, one basic "healing potion. That's as much as we can find, to be honest right now. There hasn't been a lot of "trade, and our supply's been limited, and most of what we had has been used by you or folks here in "defense of the city." "One basic. Yeah, regular healing potion. However, I've spent my time, knowing what's "coming, and being a focuser of the elemental arts, brewing a few helpful bits here. I wish I had more "time, but our timeline has been a bit accelerated." He pulls out the second cushioned grouping here. The vials are different shapes. It seems like the glass has been scavenged from what was available, but the coloration is similar, and you recognize these. You've had these before. These are four potions of fire resistance. "Oh, I count on it." "Just remembered for these in particular, they don't last a terribly long time. One hour. "Make sure you don't drink it too soon." "I certainly hope so. So. That's what I am able to provide for this. I'll be there helping "with some of the distraction, so we'll figure out some of the details for the specific attack, but "we're pulling all that we can for this, and we'll figure out who's going where, who's attacking when "and in what way, I guess, if not tonight, tomorrow." And he looks over to Cassandra and nods. "I'm going to go pray." He leaves the room. Yes. I mean, if they're different types of potions, I'd say they could stack, to a certain degree. If you just begin to chug four potions in a row I might be asking for some constitution saving throws. Yeah. Things might not-- Yeah, exactly. Some effects might not mingle well or the urge from your body might reject that much ingestion of enchanted fluid. Don't eat the giant toenail at the bottom of the bottle. Anything else? Okay. "Yes, brother?" "That's actually what I'm discussing with Allura, and the reason she's staying back is to "help us continue should such an occasion arise. But I am confident, knowing what you're capable "of, that we worry for naught. We're doing our best here, and I know you are doing your best there. "Just come back to me." "I need you. Return." Okay. As you leave, Vax crosses you in the doorway, as Gilmore is in mid-conversation. Right now with-- well, it was with Drake and then when he'd had the conversation, he watched and Drake left and so he was on his way out following Percival. And you caught him. "Certainly." "All right." "Hi." "Yes. And much to my delight, you've kept your promise. And you better keep keeping it." His eyes look off for a minute. And he reaches up and rubs the back of his neck, and you can see there's still a scar there. He goes, "If I'm to be honest, I've felt a bit useless here in "Whitestone for quite some time. I was there when this all began. It destroyed not just the thing "I've been working to build for so long of my life, but friends, home, for all of us. So it is my just "honor, and vengeful glee, to join you on the siege to Emon, if you will have me?" "Just stay alive. Keep that promise." "Good." And he smacks you on the cheek. He smacks you on the cheek and goes, "Learned that from you. All right then, I guess "I've got to gather my supplies and-- Oh, it's been a while since I've seen some-- I've never "actually seen combat on this scale before when, you know, I wasn't just trying to run away? So "let's see if I can knock off the old dust." "Oh, I can guarantee it." "All right." Heroes' High Tea. What else do you guys wish to prepare, if anything? No, one minute. I'm pretty sure, I'll check, but that's a powerful-ass potion. You wish! You take damage, you have resistance to all damage, so all damage you take is halved. The Sword of Dragon-Slaying? I'm allowing it to switch if need be. He isn't resistant to fire while he's raging. Possibly. Well, yeah. You would have one attack with that. You could do longsword and then a bonus. Let me check, I don't know if he can do them all. It has to be a light melee weapon in both hands, it looks to do this, unless you have a feat to fix that. You have the-- Do you have Dual Wielder as a feat? Yeah, so yes, you can use the longsword and Whisper in the other hand. You'd have to chose that over-- Do note. As part of the rogue ability-- I'm just double-checking here, but I'm pretty sure-- The attack must use a finesse or a ranged weapon. Technically I'm allowing-- Actually, no, I'm allowing it to be a finesse. Well, because it's strength or dex. I'm sticking to my choice. It's not light. It's finesse. Meaning you can choose strength or dexterity. Which one? Thordak, as far as you know, has let nobody down there, Raishan included. And you have no idea what machinations Thordak is-- I mean, you know as much as they do. It's come up in conversation previously, yes. It's a long-distance Twitter. After this much conversation, it's getting closer to sunset, probably an hour after-- "Sure!" (laughter) "No problem!" Yeah, she then goes ahead and casts Heroes' Feast. Same cost. Same cost as-- It also cost her 6th-level spell slot. Which I'll mark. All right. So Heroes' Feast has been summoned for you guys. So you guys are going to speak to Allura, then? That, you would have to talk to Allura about. She's acting as the information nexus for everyone. It takes an hour. You all have to sit and devour the meal for an hour, for 12 people. For your party, your two allies there, and Gilmore, and Jarett, Drake, anybody else you want to bring along. And as you guys, for the next 24 hours-- Kima-- you'd have to choose between Kima or Jarett. To eat. You only have up to 12 people for the meal. All righty, so, that being the case, gonna roll 2d10 to see how much everyone's maximum hit points increases. That's a really good roll. That's an eight and a nine. So there you go. All of you gain 17 additional max hit points for the next 24 hours. That's actually really, really good. So keep a note on that. And you're immune to poison and the poisoned condition. All right, I'm marking this here. All right, so you finish your meal. You summon Allura, she comes and enters the room. She looks a little frazzled, a little sleepless, but she's keeping it together. "All right, what do you "require?" "Yes, we've been keeping in contact. They look to be arriving about early afternoon "tomorrow, at a far enough distance from Emon. Their illusionists have been keeping a blanket in "front of the army to dissuade any visibility and giving away their position in advance." "They are at-- let's see here, they're at 2,000 troops." "Give or take, and--" "Well, that is the Syngorian force and the three Daxio-- the Dusk regiment, the Tide "regiment-- The Dusk, the Gale, and the Tide regiments with the Syngorian forces." "Yes. A little over 2,000." "They are all foot, yes. Unfortunately, with the time given, and the transition to and from the "Feywild, there was an inability to bring with them most of their beasts of burden and horses. Many of "them were left to scatter shortly after the Conclave's attack." "I believe that's-- there is one, and they are called Vox Machina." "They do have shields." "Uh, depends on the regiments. I mean--" "I-- Yes, that is--" "Specifically the Tide regiment is a frontline shield phalanx." "I don't actually have numbers on that. You'd have to talk to Mikael on that. The "Warmaster." "Yes, the outer walls of Emon are guarded by a wall. The wall has sustained damage through the "Conclave's initial attack and there has not been, as far as I know, intent to rebuild, or at least a "force to be able to since then." "Not specifically. As far as the lizardfolk army-- from what we've heard from Asum, from Brom, "from Raishan, the estimates are somewhere in the neighborhood of eight to nine thousand, and at "least five to six hundred wyverns that are--" "Not on a wide scale, no." "Now, understand, lizardfolk are not the most hearty, the most well-trained. They're a "chaotic force at best and even the bit of unification they've had under Thordak's banner is "thin. You've already had luck cutting down a few of their main sources of tactics; I believe the "general that you slew outside of Daxio was one of their main organisers. That's a big blow to their "tactic brigade. Who knows who else is in cahoots with Thordak since he took power, but we've been, "in previous encounters, chipping away at their capabilities. Thordak also does have under his "command a number of fire giants that he brought with him from the Fire Plane. However, you also "slew their general." "Not to my knowledge, no." "There are. They exist among many various devils." "I do not have those numbers, unfortunately." "That would be a conversation with the Warmaster." "Have that conversation at the ready." You do have a small cache of blackpowder at your disposal. It's about a cask. "Yes I do!" (boom) slams his fists together, and as they hit you hear what sounds like a very localized sound of a rockslide. Just like (boom). Yes. It damages anything that is liable to siege. Allura chimes in and goes, "As far as I understand, that's part of the reason you're "bringing the mages with you." You sent word to a few specific entities, not the Ravenites. They're like a continent away. "Gilmore is accompanying you, and I believe Kima is going to come along as well". "The airship we don't know quite exactly where it is and when it will arrive. I don't know "if we can count on it being there by the time you make this assault, but they're going there as soon "as they can." "I've not met Korren." "If you could take me to him--" "Rest and prepare for everything you can, for tomorrow this happens." (liquid pouring) All you had to do was ask, I'm working toward getting the break, buddy! As you guys are going to prepare to make your way to the Air Ashari, Zahra pulls you aside. Make an insight check. Turn that way real fast. That's the worst use of Seeming I've ever seen! (laughter) You separate for the evening to gather your mind, gather your supplies and prepare for the coming battle. While the rest of you find yourselves resting for the evening, Keyleth and Vax find yourselves walking towards the Sun Tree to make your journey. If you want to ask her to come with you. I'm sorry, yeah. You're right, no, she goes with you. "Of course! Certainly." "If there's time, I would love to have some. Don't know if we'll have time." So you all walk your way down to the Sun Tree. You open the portal. Immediately on the opposite side you see-- as it is nighttime in this part of Exandria's hemisphere-- what looks to be a beautiful, simple village made of curved wood, almost dome-type structures, but not huts, there's no thatch. They're really well-crafted, long, intricate strips of wood like it's been grown to a specific shape. It creates these interesting domiciles that are all built, you see beyond that, on the edge of a sheer cliff, and the minute you step through the wind hits you. There is a strong wind immediately on the outside of this tree, and you feel your cloak being blown to the side. You look over behind the tree that you just stepped out of, and it's another cliff that vanishes into darkness below. The Air Ashari village of Zephrah lies at the very top of this mountain range. For a brief second, you get vertigo, glancing over your shoulder. Keyleth steps through with a big smile on her face. You see Allura step through, and as soon as she sees this happen she clasps and keeps her hair down, not wanting to be like you right now with your hair (blowing) in the wind. You take a few steps toward the village. Probably close to 100 homes at most, built into the mountainside. It goes up into a hill with trees that surround the outskirts of it. You see small lights that are lit throughout so it has this firefly feel glimmering through. As soon as you step maybe ten or 15 feet from the tree, the wind just stops. "Keyleth? Keyleth. We're here on business--" "Please lead on." (laughing) Pushing her forward? You eventually make your way back. There are a number of trees that are grown through some of the buildings, or buildings are built around them, or from them. It's a very beautiful, simple, natural-looking series of structures that are all so smooth in their design that it was obviously bent with some druidic magic to craft this space. Currently there is nobody you see visible walking through the city, most everything is closed off for the night. The little lantern-like lights you saw before are coming from the inside of these buildings. I want both of you to roll a perception check. Okay. As she's talking and you guys are walking, you notice a little dark spot, just covering past the stars, arcing quickly in your direction. Once you see it, you recognize the trajectory of it. This is a person rocketing toward you. It's normal for you, because this is a person riding a skysail. As the person swoops up and then lands-- it's a sort of glider. It resembles a pogo stick in the fact that feet are placed on top of it, and elements are grasped on the side. It's a large, leather-winged structure that immediately folds up and is held like a staff to the side. Standing before you is Korren, your father. He looks surprised. He lands in a very aggressive, coming-to-see-what's-going-on-type way, and as soon as he looks, "Keyleth! I wasn't expecting--" He hugs you, but it's a tense hug and he pats your shoulder. "We're good. I--" "Well, things as they are, I know you're probably here for not a passing visit. Am I "correct in this assumption?" "We were waiting for specific word based on our last conversation. We have ways of finding "information about what's going on in the world, with the armies that have been mounting making "their way towards Emon we've been keeping a watch on the gathering energy toward the west coast of "Tal'dorei. We were preparing ourselves. So if you've come to ask for our aid, we're ready." "Because we know what we face. Because my daughter is going to war against something that we "watched tear through the countryside not long after you were born. I'm just concerned as a "parent. That is all." "You are, and I'm proud of you. I just want to do what I can to help safeguard that." "Of course". "Of course." "We know wyverns well, that's the good news. We can probably facilitate this request." "We can do that. Yeah." "We can do that. When is this set to happen?" "All right, we'll get our conjurers together and begin building a storm front. We'll send it "mid-day tomorrow. Then what sign should we look for to enter the fray?" "Very well." (laughter) "Sure, I mean, if we're creating a sky of rain and darkness, just make the sky itself a sign." "All right. Something I'd know, something I'd recognize." "We'll go in there and tear as many of those wyverns as we can to the ground." "We've seen them traversing. Their illusions are strong but their illusions are faced towards "the city. We have the luxury of knowing their magic. So, yes." "It depends on who he has on his side. I hope that's not the case." "I do not wish to live in a world where the dangers that continue to press upon the free "peoples of this or any land draws my daughter to the front lines to fight, kill, and possibly die, "and I stay back and do nothing. So yes, I will be there." MARISHA What about Zephrah? What about the village? Who is going to watch it while you're gone? "We've met." "Good to see you." "See you tomorrow." "And I'm grateful for yours." "Prove to me you're one as well." (laughter) "But we have a lot to plan, I'm sure you do as well." "Good night." He pulls you in and kisses you on the forehead, and gives you a long look. He holds you there for a second, then looks back over at you as he's holding her. "I miss you, too. When all this is done, do you still intend to finish your Aramente? Do it "quickly. Come back to us, please. You're missed." "I know. Anyway." He slams on the ground and the leather flares out into arcing-looking fingers, and he steps on. "No, you've just been gone for a while." "You've been gone a while." "Thank you." "Good night." As the wind picks up under him, the skysail begins to lift and glide off. He heads back toward the village. "Yes, I believe we should. Well, it was nice to meet him." "I was waiting." (laughter) "It's all right, don't worry, it is a bit cold, if we could get back please?" She's rubbing her shoulders and arms a bit. All right, you guys head back, exiting out the Sun Tree, making your way back. You make your way back to castle Whitestone, preparing your materials, your weapons, your minds and your disposition for the coming war tomorrow. That was beautiful! Awesome. While you guys rest, most of you rest for the evening, we're going to go ahead and take a restroom break. We'll be back here in a few minutes to continue the story. Stick around for the break for a wonderful video message from Patrick Rothfuss about the Worldbuilders charity that we're supporting. Information will be coming up here shortly. See you in a bit! [break] So we'll get that to you very soon. Go ahead and make sure to contact some of the crew here, or the mods, and get your information to get this out to you ASAP, so congratulations. And thank you once again, Wyrmwood, for making this possible. All right! So, coming back into our game. Get my music situated here. [very loud music] Oh my, volume! So, as you all slowly come to consciousnesses the following morning, well-rested for the most part. You gather your supplies, you prepare whatever else you prepared before, making your way to the coming battle. So, what do you guys want to do? All right, if you have all your things situated, you wait throughout the day, anxiously, eating your meal, looking to-- The music is intense here. We're fixing the audio. (loud wind instruments) Okay. I think we're at my tracks. Okay. Thank you for your patience. I need my music. It's just a thing; I need to have it there. I can't focus and dungeon master if I forget the music. What? So, thank you, guys. Pushing through the day, working through the antsiness of the coming conflict. Allura, communicating back and forth, gets word that the forces have gathered, temporarily set up camp to arm themselves and prepare for the battle once sundown hits. Warmaster Mikael Daxio is awaiting your arrival. And any sort of armor bonus that it gave you. I mean, you would still have the armor. Like, if it's leather armor, it would give you a bonus of two to your AC. But if it's a plus two armor, you would lose the plus two on top of the actual armor. Okay, so you're doing two less damage per attack. Okay. All right. Good. Okay. It's bigger than what you're used to. But even still-- You could give it a shot. All right, so the two of you square off briefly out in the streets just outside of the guard barracks. Roll an attack. No. All right, so yeah. So, as you say that, he smiles, and before you even notice, you hear a ping! and you feel a slight vibration into your lower pauldron, and you look down and the sword has not hurt you, but it has definitely pierced the plates behind the armor and he's showing, he's posturing that he already has availability with the blade between your armor. "Where's Vox Machina?" "Well, um. They killed each other. It's weird." (laughter) So as you both stand there, in a moment, squaring off, the tension still in the city from the coming event, but people are starting to look out and gather. They're having a "Morpheus is fighting Neo" moment as people are starting to pull others from nearby buildings, and gather in a small circle around. Who's making the first move? The initiative was whoever said "me" first, so. You do realize-- You only have-- You're spending your Luck for-- An 18. What's your armor class? With your shield? As you go to strike with the sword-- Yes. With your sword. And so now you're attacking with your--? With Whisper, okay. All right. So, as he swings with the sword, with your shield you deflect it off to the side and you're about to bring your spear through for your own strike. However, he's suddenly much closer than you expected, and you feel the blade shirk the side of the armor. So for the purposes of this, we're not rolling damage because it's to spar-- But the blade hits and pokes just enough where you know that's maybe-- That's where the kidney is. And in that brief moment, you see the little creeping smile up the side of his mouth. You go ahead and roll your attack now, Kashaw. Plus? 20. Well, it's a plus two spear. What's your attack bonus altogether? So that's 28. Yeah, so, after you get the blade there, there's that moment of posturing. How do you deflect him off? Just-- (slicing noise). You back away and you see two of the mantle-like dark feathers of your armor, the very tips just go-- (puff) As you guys are having this moment, all of a sudden the ground detonates before you. In a haze of greenish-white arcane energy, you see now these small basketball-sized concave blast craters in the ground before each of you, and right off to the side you see Zahra standing, staff in one hand, hand before her with the other. All right, you sheath the sword. So you guys gather the rest of your materials together. Yeah, it's barely enchanted. Shortsword is dex-based, so you're going to probably want to run with that. All right. And actually, you should roll to recharge your wand. All right. Twice, actually, for two nights of rest, so. Okay. All righty. As you guys are preparing, Gilmore comes out. He's usually dressed in his usual casual flowing robes. Or his wizard tracksuit-type outfit. The outfit you see on him, it's more ornamental. And it's, specifically more so than you've seen him wear, it has a very similar design and presentation of some of the more noble individuals you saw wandering Marquet, Ank'Harel in particular. He seems to be going more ceremonial than you're used to seeing Gilmore. Oh, they are very much purple and gold. He keeps to his aesthetic. But the design is definitely ceremonial; different than anything you've seen him wear. It's a long mantle that travels down to the lower part of his torso, where his arms come out from these long sleeves that come to a fine point at the ends. He still has all of his jewelry on, but where the belt is you can see it's a very thick, heavy belt that like ties to a bow in the center, almost like a reverse kimono that comes to a square point. And the robe itself drops low and flows behind him as he walks. It's really pretty. As he walks in, he's holding himself with the Gilmore air, but you can still see a bead of sweat down his head and a little bit of nervous energy. "Very well, I guess today's the day." "Be pleased." Who are you scrying on? Okay, you scry Syldor. You have a bit of a flash of green, lots of green, endless green. Your vision jumps into a familiar warm home. You see Syldor nervously sitting with his daughter on his knee, and they're talking. Syldor is back in Syngorn. Syldor isn't a fighter, Syldor is a diplomat. "I don't know specifically where they are." And she sits for a second and sets up a rush job of a scry ritual, 'cause now she feels she's been put on the spot. But she puts it together. Yeah, you give her a little aid. You pay it back to the last time you helped her with a scry spell, back when you first met in Emon. And her eyes blink over white again, cloudy. And she returns. "All right, I see Mikael and the army gathered, and there is a very energetic air to "them. They're looking restless. I can bring eight of you with me." "There are, yeah." Wait, so if you Transport via Plants-- It does; it connects the plants on both sides. (cheering) "That would leave--" "Then Grog, Pike and Gilmore. And Kima. And Jarett. Yeah, we could bring everybody." "Is Drake coming?" And she looks off to the side, and you see this little figure running down from the castle at the top, carrying all this shit in his arms. "Hold on! I'm--" And you watch him just eat shit. He just tumbles; scatters. Gets up and is like, "No one saw that!" Picks it back up, runs back down and catches up. "Don't worry; she's coming." And you hear another dwarven voice from the side, as you glance out you see there's standing not too far from you, arms crossed, Larkin. (cheering) "So, are we ready for this?" "Didn't think so. Let's do it." Allura grabs you, and takes Kima, and the rest of the group that she can, and over time you guys manage to get-- we'll say for the sake of brevity here-- everyone back over to the war camp itself. And it is a fair-sized war camp. And what's interesting is as you're within this camp, you look up, and in a similar way, the illusion barrier that surrounds Whitestone, that very, very faint shimmering effect, is present, but it's much stronger and it's much more visceral in the way that it alters the visuals. It looks like the sky is this perpetual shifting kaleidoscope of colors. The blue sky becomes green, becomes purple, becomes red; it just constantly shifts like the surface of a pond that's been perpetually rippling. And you see on the outskirts of the war camp, this rotating guard of illusionists that are taking time to just restore and maintain this illusion, as everyone else is eating, polishing their weapons and armor. You see a mix of elven warriors, elven archers, and, very similar to the Daxio soldiers you met earlier, but armor of different crests, signifying the different regiments. It doesn't take you too long to eventually come upon, and be led to, the tent where Mikael is, the Warmaster himself. The Warmaster, I do not believe you've met before, personally. As you enter and look within, you can see the Warmaster-- It sets you off at first, because he does resemble his son. His son, who you did not have quite a positive experience with. He's an older elvish man. His hair just past shoulder-length, but pulled into a very, very tight ponytail in the back, with a few strands that fall in front of his face. He has a very, very strong jaw for an elf. He's a thick and well-built warrior and holds that with both a strength, and commanding respect, and everyone around him definitely looks up to him. You can immediately see why he's the Warmaster and how he's held that position for so long. And you also wonder, one, how his son fell so hard, and two, how it must have affected him. But in that instant as you enter, he's in the process of having a conversation, and they have a layout of what looks to be a brief sketch of Emon in its current state, with a few things here and there marking where most of the gathered elements of the army, whatever you'd call it, the defense of Emon, exists. And as you all begin to enter the tent, he goes, "Oh, hello. I know of you, and I've "been expecting you. Allura has been kind enough to fill me in, in bits and pieces, but as far as I am "to understand, you're our strike force?" "Good to know this. We've been walking for quite some time, and the soldiers have had a bit "of rest. If we could, we would take an additional day, just to put it at our most capable, but it "seems time is not at our beck and call in this situation, and as such, when the sun is down, I "think that is the agreed-upon time to strike." "Most of the Syngorian army does, and we have quite a few at Daxio that do as well." "Pleasure to meet you as well. So. We have broken up the regiments into five different "segments. We're going to separate, leading into the initial strike. We're going to simultaneously "hit the four main gates, the north, south, east, and west side. The easternmost gate has already "received quite a bit of damage. With all the simultaneous strikes, we're hoping to draw most of "the army to the outer circles of the city. We're going to utilize this time to then shift our "forces southward and instead push towards a singular gate in a southward position, while "they're scattered in that direction. If I'm to understand what Allura has told me, you are going "to be entering from underneath the city?" "And attempting to facilitate the opening of one or more of these gates in doing so?" "That would be." "That would be the eastern wall." "While we are not in a position to use siege weaponry, we do have most of our mages at our "disposal, and they have prepared a modicum of siege-based arcane spells at their disposal. So I "do not think piercing the outer wall will be an issue. It's what lies beyond it that our focus is "going to be sow confusion, separate and destroy. They are not a very well-organized army, and most "of the creatures we've seen wandering the skies do so with nothing but bloodlust and the intent to "rend and tear as their main driving force and goal. So, utilizing that technique-- And we've "discussed, you'll be entering the walls; we'll be pushing forward, phalanx method with those that "are shielded. We will be piercing through and scattering from the inside, breaking their ranks "as much as possible, and doing our best to stay out of the skies, using alleyways, using small "streets. We don't want our men being plucked out from the middle, from their air support." "The Ashari are aiding us as well?" He said roughly a hundred. "That is indeed part of our push, however, we are rather vulnerable from the air. So with the "Air Ashari giving us air support, that will allow us the ability that we need to push forward as a "singular unit, from unit to unit, in its own right. You are entering from where?" That was Westruun. "The Traverse Junction is-- was-- is, as far as I know, still attached to the Lyceum, but--" "The Lyceum is partially destroyed, and is filled with the remains of the enemy." All right. "I can tell." "I had heard that Daxio had fallen. There are survivors?" "They haven't found their way to us yet, then. We'll keep an eye out." "That's the intent, to push in towards the Cloudtop. And, based on how well you and/or any of "the air forces have been able to puncture the defenses, push in towards the creature itself and "unleash everything we have at the beast. As far as I know and have been told, from some of the "remaining members of the Council, they have a few members still within the city. I believe Tofor "Brotoras, Seeker Asum, and Brom Goldhand are still within the city." "Understood." "We are intending, once the men have been fed, once the men have been able to rest and "prepare their armaments, we were going to attack upon sundown, yes." "Hopefully within the first hour of the attack." "That's the intent." "If you were to traverse the tunnel system in advance of our attack, that would perhaps aid "us in syncing our maneuvers." "That would indeed be the goal." "Some sort of a sign. Hopefully something not quite as easy to read as a sign of aggression. "We've taken much care to not be seen this far." As you guys actually glance over, you can see in the eastern sky, past the Iron Seat Ridge, there is an extremely dark, building stormfront that is just looming, miles off in the distance. "We are trained to undergo warfare in many different forms of terrain and weather." "If there is rain to come with the storm, that is fortuitous, for much of the city still "burns. But fire we can quell with a storm would be helpful." "Right, good to know this." "I will have two of my hawkeyes keeping an eye at the clouds" "I look forward to solving your riddle. You as well, stay safe." If you look up, it's-- the weather over here's been fairly clear. There are a few wispy white clouds, but nothing that is indicative of a storm, yet. "All right. Then--" "We shall. Travel safe, travel swift." "You as well, good luck." All right. As you guys make your way towards Greyskull Keep. Walking through, as you see rows and rows of soldiers of different walks of life, all part of the alliance of Tal'Dorei between Syngorn and Emon. Many of them watch as you pass, some just curious as to what regiment you belong to, and you get a couple of occasional looks of recognition. "Wait! Kash?" "Going to die today, what are you doing?" "Anne's not doing too well." "Yeah, she was in the city when the dragons attacked." "Yeah." "It's okay, we're going to kill them today, right?" "Good to see you too, you too!" "All right." As you guys exit the side ranks of the current encampment, as they are all preparing, the sun itself growing maybe about two hours out from touching the horizon, you can see, in the distance, on some of the outer embankment and small structures that litter the walls of Emon's surrounding fields, you see Greyskull Keep, a very welcoming, longtime coming return. As you stay low to the grass, I need you all to make stealth checks Nice! As you guys were going stealthy, I'll say sure. Because you would have known, at this point to do so. If you want to spend your spell slot to do that, sure. All right. As you guys all stay low and guarding each other, keeping an eye out to make sure nobody is giving too much away. You manage to go unnoticed-- Don't do that. That's bad. You guys make your way to Greyskull Keep, front door's open. Like, partially ajar. Not locked. Okay, you head inside first. Make a perception check. You take a moment and look around, listen carefully. No sound. Go for it. Investigation check. Okay. Nothing appears to be trapped here. If anything is out of place, you know this area pretty well, so. There are no current set torches or candlelight whatsoever, there are a few openings that bring some light in. Specifically from Sarenrae's temple. But other than that, it is pretty dark in the hallways. With darkvision, you're fine. As you guys glance around and begin to scatter throughout the keep, you can see signs that it has been lived in. People have been rummaging through, there is no sign of any food whatsoever in the keep anymore, there are a number of bowls and anything of any remote value has either been taken or is left used and unwashed. But after doing a quick scan, there is no one inside Greyskull Keep. Apparently-- Yeah. All of it's empty, but a lot of things have been taken. There is a Detect Magic spell, if you have that. Then you would be hard-pressed to detect if it's present necessarily. Actually, there is a broken jar on the ground. It looks like somebody discovered it and wasn't quite sure what it was, and then discovered what it was. The behavioral patterns of the way things are left, it looks like people have come in through, rummaged, grabbed what they needed to survive, or what seemed of value, and left. And things they didn't understand, or didn't see value in, they left behind. Most of your workshop has been ransacked. Your cask is still there. And a few esoteric tools that they didn't really understand, or too big to maneuver, are still there. But most of your toolset is gone. If you want to use one of the charges, you can try that. Yeah, that you will. Okay, make an investigation check. Okay. Divine Sense doesn't trigger anything off. Nothing gets you riled up in that sense. Indeed, yes. Except the two that were cut earlier from Kashaw. But you do find the hidden entrance, or the exit I guess you could say from the keep, left as it was, untouched. The seam still smooth, covered in dust. Nothing hinky, no traps. You hear this faint echoing voice in the back of your head that says, "Learn from my mistakes..." (laughter) All right. Grog happily takes the cask under his arm. "Oh come on! One--" "Okay." To be fair. You guys all-- single-file, because this tunnel is not very wide, it's maybe four feet wide-- you make your way through and it's a long, musty tunnel. It smells of damp earth and dust. There is no light. "Greater for me." Grog raises his hand. "Yes, please." As you guys are awkwardly passing this down this singular tunnel, having to almost chain it back and forth. "It sounds really neat." No. He just likes being invulnerable. "What do you want to give me?" "Oh--" Travis just texted me saying he does not have resistance to fire, which I knew. So if anyone would like to-- The last one is Grog. He takes it and is about to open the cork. "What can I drink?" "Okay." (whispers) "Mayonnaise." (laughter) Yeah, yeah. It's like an urn-type cask, and he holds it over to you, and it's just filled with mayonnaise. "Sour, isn't it?" You guys eventually find your way towards the end of the tunnel that leads to the ladder that leads you into the alleyway on the outskirts of the southern edge of Emon. You make your way up-- Well, it leads you through an outhouse, an alley. You've been here before. Perception check. It is empty and still chained. No. It is chained shut for that reason. It's maybe like, at this time? After travelling this far in Emon, you're maybe 40 minutes from sunset. The storm is getting closer. "I don't mind being invisible. That's not an issue. Meaning I can make a number of us invisible "if you want to go--" "Not all of you, obviously! But like, if some of you wanna go as lizardfolk or somebody "else can--" Well, I mean, you guys-- It's about 40 minutes until sundown. You guys would choose the most optimal time, since there was no rush to eat the feast. You would have been like, well shit, let's do it at 600 because we're fighting-- That's probably when you guys would've. So you probably have until the end of the evening. There would have been no benefit to doing it earlier. When you recall Garthok leading you through Emon to get to the Clasp entrance, you had to be above ground for probably about 20 minutes. A lot of it was spent slow because you guys were stealthy, jumping from alley to alley and being very stealthy. If it was a brisk pace, it could be as fast as ten. Correct. If you want to go inspect, you could look for one. "All right, are we lizarding and then invis-ing?" And you're attuning to that? Seeming affects how many people? That is awesome! Seeming is broken! You now have a cluster. As Gilmore begins his incantation for the Invisibility spell for him, Vax, and Vex, you guys all watch as each of your forms become these emaciated lizardfolk, except for Scanlan, who is this much shorter, but Wolverine-stocky-looking lizardman. You hear Gilmore chuckle mid-incantation. (chanting) "You're ridiculous." (chanting) He finishes the incantation, and Gilmore, Vex, and Vax vanish. No. You guys begin to make your way through, out of the alley-- You guys make your way into the street, out of the alleyway. It doesn't take you long to find an entrance to the sewer. You do occasionally hear the distant, ominous (wing flapping) of a wyvern rider or two doing a pass over this portion of the city. A lot of the buildings on the outskirts have been damaged even further from last time you were here. A number of the buildings have doors torn off the hinges, signs of struggle on the outside. It takes you only a couple of minutes before you find a grate, a drainage runoff for rain in the city that leads into a subterranean sewer system. It is a little bit out in the open. It's between two buildings, but right on the cusp of the street itself, so you'll have to be quick about it. That grate is so not trapped, like, holy shit. No one's ever trapped it, yeah, man. You could sell that. Like it was day one. No, it tastes sweet, actually! It's not locked. It's wedged a little bit in there. "Okay! Shh!" He walks over and reaches. As you're down there, he walks over, not seeing you, reaches on each side of you to get to the grate. Are you going to try to get out of the way? You dart out just as he lifts it off. You hear the creaking of metal, the bars bend slightly as the strength imparted by the Titanstone Gauntlets cause him to easily pry this thing off the ground. You can see there is a somewhat eroded ladder, set of rungs, but it is functional. About 20 feet. It seems to open into a chamber or sewer system. You guys all head down there with Pike in tow, Gilmore following, invisible. "Yes. I'm scared." "It's why I'm here." (grunts) "Smells weird." It's cold. It's damp. You guys continue up the sewer system. It's been a dry spell for a month, at least. It hasn't rained in the past couple of weeks. It rains fairly often here, so the system itself doesn't have a lot of drainage going through. That'll change soon, I'm sure. Make a perception check. Okay. About ten more minutes into travel, you're starting to get fairly close to game time, when things begin. You do hear some whispers up ahead. It sounds like four different voices are all conversing. A little ways ahead, out of sight. You're not sure of the source; it's echoing from ahead. Roll a perception check. So while you hear the whispers, it's too distant for you, Vax, to make out the details. Vex, as you hone in your ranger attentiveness, you've studied lip-movement, you've read lips so much to the point where any dis-enunciation, you can fill in the gaps. The conversation sounds like, bits are talking about the relocation of people, timing, "it's too dangerous," "we have to "move further west," "the tunnels are down," "now now now," and you hear a bunch of footfalls. Running in a direction, you can't make out if it's towards or away, right now in this moment. You now see what looks to be seven figures step into the center of the walkway where you are, walking away from you, in the direction you were traveling. You are all still lizards and three of you are invisible. They're heading away from you, in the direction you were going. Three of them stop and turn, "Wait, shh!" It's really quiet, they've all just stopped. Stillness, no movement. One of them goes and pulls a blade out very quietly. You made it funny again! Also, all the figures that were stopped are slowly crawling in your direction. And one of them goes, "It's lizardmen. Turn away." Make a persuasion check, with disadvantage. Because you're two voices coming out of the ether right now! They just see a cluster of lizards in the shadows and voices going, "No, we're okay!" (laughter) "Don't worry, guys!" The one in the front goes, "Shit! We have to close it! Run, run!" And all seven just start running in the direction they were going. Okay. You do. Double ones is a rough situation. They have bolted very quickly, and they are not showing any sign of slowing, and you just hear the footprints go (stepping sounds). LAURA and Well, you're keeping in pace. So, if you guys full bore, double dashing-- They're beyond your visual sight right now in the darkness. Yes, they are. The, mm... Double one, man. Yeah. No, they're still running. They're still running. Okay. You guys follow them for the next ten minutes or so, and you're roughly ten minutes from sundown, game time, before you hear a door slam ahead of you. Make a perception check. Well, this would be more of an investigation. Yeah. Okay. Looking around, it's hard to see. The sewer has slowly given way to a non-sewage tunnel system that looks like it has existed for a long time. This is reminiscent of some elements of the Clasp's tunnel system that you've seen before, though you haven't really been to it this far south in the city. He's currently doing that right now. You rolled a 20? The door is locked, and the door is trapped. Make a persuasion check with disadvantage. And because they-- I can guarantee you, they don't have any. They're the Clasp. Oh, totally. There's a pause, and then a voice comes through and says, "So. Who are you? What do you "want? What leaves you the possibility of wandering these sewers unstabbed?" There's another pause. Ten, 20 seconds. 30 seconds. Then you hear a winch go (clacking, tink). Then you hear (door opening sound) and the door just ever faintly opens, and just a single face pokes through, hood up. "So. You're allies against the dragon?" "How many are you?" "We stand 30 strong in this room, crossbows drawn. Make no mistakes, we will be watching you. "One false move, you'll all have a bolt in the back of the skull. Walk with us, we'll see if what you "say is true." You see his chin move and grind for a moment. Make a deception check. (laughter) 20? Yeah. (laughs) You see him go-- and slowly back away. The door opens wider, and as you enter the room, you can see there's roughly 30 people in various dark bits of dress. The Clasp had a uniform, or at least a uniform style to them, when they were within their safe space. While that still exists, all of them look tattered. They look underfed. They look sleepless. And they all look driven. And it's that cornered animal look that both is welcoming and also a little scary. And as you all walk in, they all very intently keep their eyes on you, their crossbows at their side. They're all surveying you and taking in and-- You can definitely see them accepting that you are powerful in comparison to maybe many of the others that they've encountered. And that also scares them. It would be like, 'Good. Fuck,' at the same time. And as you all walk in, in this sullen atmosphere, the one that was talking to you pulls his hood back, and you see it's a younger man, probably in his late 20s, but his face is just currently wrecked by some sort of a disease that's just scarred over. "You want us to take you to Shenn?" (sighs) "He's probably by the volcanic pocket. Looks to me-- at least from the word on "the street-- there's something going on. Something's going to be happening tonight, and the "Clasp is getting ready." "That he is. (sighs) Travel fast. Travel light. Follow me." Puts his hood back up, and goes into a run. You guys all gave chase, at this point, as fast as you can. Poor Pike is like (panting). Grog picks her up, as he does. And she's still like, running in the air before, "Whoa! "Okay. Thanks." And puts her on his shoulders, and they're running together. Pike has to duck low a couple of times as she almost gets her head knocked off on the low bridge area. Following him as fast you can, it's around the corner, down low corners. He's quick. And you can see why certain people within the Clasp rise quickly, in that messenger format, is they can get around the city like that. You begin to get to a point where you see a few grates up above you, passing 20 feet up. You start to see more and more sewer openings. And you hear in the distance the sound of cracking thunder. As you continue to run, you can hear up above, too, what sounds like just the energy itself is gathering into a loud cacophony of screeches and roars. It sounds like the populace that is keeping guard over the currently ruled, tyrannically held city, the wyverns are restless. They see something happening, there's something brewing. And now, not just those below understand, but those above are starting to get the sense that things are not right. It's beginning. You begin to feel and hear bits of rainfall beginning to come through the grates, just up ahead. The little bit of light that peeks through, you can see the droplets now hitting as you run past, overhead. You hear another bolt of lightning and thunder in the distance. And another (lightning crack). The storm is getting faster and more successive and it's definitely landed in Emon. You continue to push forward-- You shouting ahead of--? "You feel that?" "No. Do you feel that?" And you start to realize, as cold as it is up there, as it has been in the past, these tunnels are growing warmer, and warmer, and warmer. "We're not far now." And he's still running. Okay. Okay. So go ahead and mark those-- Each vial can make three poisoned arrows. So per vial is three hours. It's hard to do while running at this fast pace, so I'd say you could get maybe two vials done, to be honest. Because in order to keep up, it's a full sprint. You're racing against time for this. It's like, running as hard as you can, and like-- (laughter) Eventually, you begin watching as these tunnels, you see collapsed portions of it. You see the falling rocks that are gathered. You feel the air itself become humid, become temperate and uncomfortably warm. The sweat begins to drip down your brow, and what you recall being the dry heat of the Marquet deserts is now being matched or exceeded by the wet, damp, humid underground air of the subterranean tunnels of Emon. You dart around the corner and follow him around this curve, and it's the first time you see a break in the rock, where a vibrant, bright orange stream of molten rock is now pouring down, past into some basin below the walkway. And you see him more carefully walk around it. And now this pathway has gone from an original Clasp tunnel to, essentially, a haphazardly carved or left over and barely functional tunnel that has been wrecked by this slow incursion of volcanic activity. You have about two more minutes of running before he comes to a stop. And you hear now, what initially was just the rousing of local lizard creatures and denizens of Emon, the now-ruling class, the lightning is every few seconds. And you hear one loud, ominous, rumbling roar echo through the sky. And it's a familiar roar. You heard it once, before the fall of Emon. The storm has awakened, or at least got the attention of the beast, the tyrant that now resides over the city of Emon. And he is not that far from where you stand. The young man pulls his hood back again and points up, and you can see that there's one tunnel that leads up out of the sewer. Part of it is jutting outward, and it's a slippery pouring of rain now just gliding off of it and slopping into mud on the ground. Most of the rungs have been rent off or fallen through the erosion, or the impression of this tectonic shift in this localized area. He points up. "This is the closest I can get you but I don't know how you want to climb. Good luck." And he turns around and darts back where you guys came from. No, he's gone. It's a three-, four-foot-wide tunnel. It used to go straight up, but now parts of it are (ground cracks). It's a little crooked and some of the initial climbing rungs have eroded away. Certainly. Go ahead and make acrobatics checks, both of you guys. There is, but it doesn't-- it looks partially off. Both of you guys, in a networked-twin-type near-ballet in its execution, darting up in tandem, both using each other to push off as you hit each edge, you make your way to the very top in this crisscross fashion, then one of you gets up just in time to hit the grate as the other one hits the other side, sending it onto the ground outside. Okay. Not a worry. Trinket is in the necklace. You guys both look out. You, Vex, looking around you, you can see you are in the street. And you can see there are a number of buildings around single-story, second-story, some of them long-collapsed and burned. Some still have flames on them that the rain is attempting to put out, but the fire is fighting back. You, Vax, see the same spread, and off to the left of you, a familiar sight. The Cloudtop District wall and gates, maybe a couple hundred feet off from your current position. You can see beyond that just a singular, black column of smoke, with the occasional flicker of red embers just drifting up through, fighting against the storm itself. The rain may fall, but it doesn't seem to last long enough to hit the ground of the Cloudtop. You see mist and steam begin to rise up; the rain is evaporating before it can even get close. You also see above the gate what looks to be a few dozen small, dark shapes. You take a moment to focus before you can see what looks to be-- what were once people are now blackened husks that have been left up on chains; decoration, if you will, for the outside of the Cloudtop. It's a warning, or a celebration of Thordak's rule. You see, on the outside of that gate, two large, armored, alert fire giants, wielding long, thick, square, black metal blades that themselves have flames engulfing. And they are both standing there, just shoulder to shoulder, looking about, on high alert based on the current chaos of the circumstance. It's road. It's just bare road. You have buildings to each side, you're just now emerging from the alleyway, and you are in the center of the street right now. They're a little over a hundred feet. No, it goes for another five or six feet, and then it is just wrecked, it's collapsed, ruined-- It is about roughly 30, 35 feet. Oh! It is a solid, thick, stone wall. It is designed as a second-tier defense from siege warfare against the palace and the-- You know that it's pretty thick. You're familiar with the wall. You guys have traveled to and from the Cloudtop before. Let me see, where's Stoneshape-- No more than five feet in any dimension. No, it's thicker than that. Move Earth also takes a while. You're about a hundred feet. You don't know. Okay. As she's doing this, anyone else doing anything else? Are you--? Okay. Okay. You guys go up there. Easy enough. You all eventually get your way up to the top and duck in an alley. I need you to roll stealth checks. All of you would, since it hasn't expired. It's an hour concentration. No, I mean it's still on. It's an hour concentration. It'll last until-- Well actually, you cast it right before you guys got to the keep, right? No, no-- Yeah, so you do not have it currently. I'm sorry. The invisible folks do, yeah. All right. And-- okay. You guys manage to dart up-- you notice-- First off, the wyverns are now coasting by and scooting over the sky, in groups of ten at a time. And you can see now as the bolts of energy are starting to hit-- Off in the distance, you see a flash and (lighting strikes) as one gets taken down by a bolt of lightning. The wind is now picking up and beginning to swirl. You watch as they're having a hard time flying and being harried by the elements, just darting around and slamming into them. One of the fire giants sees movement over in your direction (speaks in Giant), and starts walking that way as you begin to emerge in your lizard-person form. You can if you like. Take your d12 inspiration die. So, as you walk forward and lift your hands up, clutching the staff, you watch as these black ethereal tentacles burst out of the ground, slam into the ground, and attempt to wrap around the legs and lower body of these giants. What is your spell DC? 18, all right. The fire giant-- oh! Nope! A two and a three on their dex save. (cheering) You watch as it pulls them back, their swords are held at bay, their wrists are bound by these tentacles, and both of them are being crushed by it. And the other one-- No one here speaks Giant, except for Grog. You do? Okay. You guys all bolt towards the-- there's a 15-foot gap between these two giants right now. And you're rushing across this, like a double-dash, you get just to them as it comes to their go. Yes. At this point, as Keyleth runs and creates this moonbow in this clearing in the sky, the wind suddenly doubles in speed in the air, the bolts come down at twice the pace. You watch as rooftops are exploding. You see wyverns being struck and thrown to the ground. You see small funnel clouds begin to form in portions of the city, as the cloud itself is beginning to draw. And you start seeing a similar dark speck to what you saw in the sky before, coming to land before you-- You see distant skysails flickering in and out of the storm, control over this. As this is happening, as you guys are running with that symbol, you hear far to the left a large explosion sound in the distance. It sounded like an impact against a wall. You get the sense that it has begun. You guys rush up to the edge of the door just as the two giants are going to attempt to break free from the tentacles. That is dexterity. Strength or dexterity check against your save DC. So that's going to be helpful, so strength is much better than the dex. Not with a three! Or a seven. I'm rolling as bad as I did on-- Both of them just still locked in place. They both try desperately, staring down at you and growling, you can see the strain as the tentacles are pulling on them, their swords burning-- --and you're keeping guard there, at the ready. What are you guys doing? You're at the door now. "Yes, I can!" And he goes for a full swing against the door-- Yeah! Oh, man! Okay. Basically. So that's double-damage with Siege to the door. Yeah. That is just with his fist, not even using his axe, just his fist against the door. The first hit, he dealt 26 points of bludgeoning damage. For the second strike, he brings up the axe now, as he dented it inward, and swings with it. Ooh! That's 32 points of damage to the door. You watch as the fist slams between the doors, and they're large, large, heavy wooden doors you're very familiar with that have metal reinforcements on them on this part of the gate. The fist slam causes them to shudder at the impact and shake, but the chains still holding them in the inside are taut. The axe comes by. As it hits the edge of the wood and the iron, the wood splinters, the iron bends, and the hinges actually (impact) off of one, and the gate slams off the side, off the top hinge, and you all have to try to dart out of the way as it swings past. Oh, man! It's not quite big enough to hit all of you, and I would say the ones that're at the front line would probably be the twins and probably Keyleth. You'd want to stick with them. Well, you'd be back because of the storm cloud-- Yeah. And Grog, definitely. So the twins and Grog, I need you guys to make a dexterity saving throw. Natural 20 for Grog! (cheering) Okay, it's fine. You guys all duck out of the way as soon as the door slams into the mud to the side, the giants still restrained. You all begin to charge into the space without thinking. As soon as the opening's there, you dart in as the giants are restrained. And you guys, what are you doing at this point? The giants aren't going to be held for long. Oh, I will see what the-- casting time is one minute. So that's ten rounds that you have to cast that spell-- It's not much of a combat spell, really. That is up to what you might expect. All righty! Go ahead and roll 4d6 radiant damage. Both restrained, so they have disadvantage on the save. Yeah, no. All right. They both take 13 points of damage. They take no fire damage, they're both immune to fire. The flames do nothing, but the radiant burst in itself does singe the exterior of their bodies. You see them rock with pain as the blast of light, a column that shoots at them, bursts into them, has taken effect. Not as much as you would have wanted, but an effect nonetheless. You, who are still maintaining concentration on this spell, what do you want to do? They're 15 feet apart from each other, yes. With Witchbolt? With Witchbolt, as a-- It's going to be a tough call. Let me see-- Witchbolt-- No, no. Witchbolt hits one creature. Yeah. You can still maintain a concentration spell and do instant spells, if you wanted to. Yeah, it's part of the ability. So, yeah, you can do that. Make three spell attack rolls. It's all against one guy or it's--? How are you splitting it up? Two on the left, one on the right. Okay. Go for it. That only adds to damage. So the first one you fire at? It arcs past and hits the door behind, hitting the where the already damaged door fell off the hinges. That hits. Go ahead and roll-- So you've hit one, now roll for hitting the other. Okay! So go ahead and your roll damage on that. Roll your d10 plus seven. What's the first one? No, it's 1d10 for the first roll, next one is the critical. And roll one more time. Correct. Add that in there. So go ahead and roll for your critical now. Great! So you blast both of them and they're still held in place. You guys run past. They're both taking hits from Zahra, but they're both more focused on the people that are being led through the gate they were ordered to watch. And-- You guys just ran through into the-- Go for it. And five and a seven, they cannot make their checks for shit. Hits. 21 hits, yeah. And keep running, okay. All right, so you guys lob those attacks as you're rushing past, you guys see-- actually, both of you guys roll perception checks. 12. You just make it-- you, Kashaw, out of the corner of your eye, you notice the buildings that were on fire, the flames that were burning amidst the storm, you watch as one of the flames leaps out of the house. And a number of other flames begin to rise up as living, flaming entities that are making their way towards you. And you can quickly see that this is about to become-- --awesome. (laughter) Okay, got it. You got them in. You guys hear the distant sounds of battle conflict inside the wall and far beyond. You hear, in the distance, the weird, vibrating fuzzy echo of hundreds and hundreds of voices shouting in unison. The battle's upon Emon. However, that moment quickly shifts as you're walking through this volcanic fume; the air itself is sulfurous, and there are gouts of poison that spill forth from cracked earth. You can see points, little bursts of glowing, molten rock that break through the surface and pour and then cool and create these small, miniaturized volcanic spires. You can see the burned, destroyed, crumbled remnants of the buildings-- the noble houses, the beautiful mansions that used to make up the entirety of the Cloudtop District. The homes that you'd look at and think, "God, one day it'd be great to live in something as beautiful as that," reduced to ash and cinder. Your run slows as you begin to see this large crater wall that lifts up through the smoke, a lip that then vanishes over the edge where the smoke is pouring out like a thick column, a slow-moving, stationary tornado of black that pours into the sky. As you watch, two large, bulbous, scaled red arms shoot forth from the center, as one long, unfurling dragon neck rises up. You see the red crystalline brow itself, like jagged daggers of flame burst across the face as it rises up beyond the smoke. The teeth, impossibly long and pointed for something of this size. The eyes, not red, not yellow, but burning beams of pure white light, like a small sun exists in each eye. As it lifts its whole form upwards out of the hole, the wings unfurl, the wind itself pushing all the smoke out, clearing the Cloudtop for but an instant, to see its massive, swollen form. You also notice that within its chest, this large, thick scar, but no crystal. Just a large, bulbous, grown-over, thick piece of scaled scar. As it stands towering above all of you, peering over the distance, not even noticing you at the moment, surveying the chaos around in Emon, its face drops, and you hear this voice gurgle up from within. Sourceless, almost, in its immensity, in its encompassing nature, it says, "It appears that we have guests. Where are you?" And that's where we'll end tonight's episode. (cheering and screaming) It's to the instance where, right now, there's so much going on that Thordak is having this Superman moment where he closes his eyes and hears all the screams in the city at once. So you don't know if he knows where you are yet, or has seen you, he just knows that something's here. And that's where we're going to pick up next session. I'm pretty sure you can get that at Critical Vapes. They're currently preventing you guys from having to deal with Thordak and two fire giants and a bunch of elementals. Don't die and you'll find out. If only. Yeah, I would. Oh my god. That's the best version of Dallas I've ever heard of. Which has an RPG book. Oh yeah. Yeah! I'm trying to find a copy of it. But anyway, that's neither here nor there. We'll be here next week for the showdown with Thordak the Cinder King in the center of Emon! You guys, you avoided a lot. You beelined to Thordak. We would have gone into this next time. I was preparing for Thordak-- Don't tell the internet that. I know! No, I was expecting this Thordak encounter to either happen next week or in the first two weeks of January when we come back from the break, I wasn't sure when. You bypassed a bunch there. It is a good way to end the year! I don't disagree with this. We'll see you guys next week for this crazy showdown. Rest well, thank you Loot Crate and Magic Puzzle Quest for being our awesome sponsors for tonight's episode. Thank you all for your patience. Thank you, Will and Mary, for joining us. I don't know. I've been on a lot of Talks Machina recently, and I could probably use a Tuesday night off. MARY and Especially to prepare for this. I wouldn't tell you any secrets regardless, which is why I'd be a very boring guest next week. I'd be like I don't know. That's a great question.