To be fair, it was worth it. Look at them on my shelf. Thank you, Tor Books, and thank you to all those mentioned restaurants that will never be a sponsor for us now, and it's probably for the best. I know, I was holding out for the P.F. Chang's but, y'know. Thank you so much, Sam, and thank you, Tor Books, for being our awesome sponsor tonight. Make sure to check out A Conjuring of Light, now available to you. All right, next up, the new episode of GM Tips is out. It came out today and this one is about suggestions on homebrewing content for your systems in game. I have, I think, three more episodes that are going on in the coming weeks, so look forward to those. Exactly. We have a new person stepping in, after those episodes, showing their own flavor to the series. I'm excited about that. Exactly. Yep. And how many times did they have to reboot that to make it work? Eventually ending with the Michael Bay films. So check out that episode of GM Tips. As a reminder to all you guys looking to homebrew It's hard. It's time consuming. It's not for everybody. It can be rewarding. Ugh. So check out the episode knowing that, and we'll have next week's episode next Wednesday. Yeah, I know. I'll see people again soon. Also, I wanted to give a shout-out. We're in the final 24-hour stretch for the Pillars of Eternity Coming out in mid-May. Yeah! Fantástico! So look forward to that. There may be some more surprises as the cast is announced progressively down the road. Super happy to be a part of it. I need more alcohol. (all laugh) Immediately. Taliesin, you wanted to mention something about your new show? It's really, really good. Holy shit. Noon 'til two Pacific. Cool. Thank you, Taliesin. If nobody else has anything else to say... Cheezits Christ for everybody. Without further ado, let's bring us into tonight's episode of Critical Role. (opening credits) Yes, he's the best. He paid his way into your service and upon being returned to Whitestone you gave him a hazing, which broke him enough to be a little more honest with his reasoning for going on this adventure. It was an audition, it was a brutal audition. There you go. In which, knowing more about your new companion, you accepted him for the time being, understanding the dangers that are involved in following your path and he accepted. You made your way to Emon, looking as a way to find passage towards Vesrah, the home of the Water Ashari and the hopeful completion of Keyleth's AraMente. Upon finding and hiring a crew under the Captain Adella, you made your way onto your new ship and began to traverse westward onto the Ozmit Sea. There is that. So. So you guys have been at sea for a handful of days. It's been relatively uneventful. The boat slowly rocks, as the waters of the Ozmit are much calmer by comparison to that of the Lucidian Ocean. Making them a much more popular trade route pass between the various continents on this side of Exandria. Now the slow rocking of the boat, across the somewhat choppy waters, leads some of you into a relaxing lull over these days. Others, into perpetual bouts of nausea. But you notice that Captain Adella runs a relatively tight ship. Her crew works like clockwork, at her order, and the skies are thankfully clear these first few days, and the journey so far is mild. What would you guys like to-- Is there anything you wish to accomplish as you are travelling across the sea? Okay. Fair enough. Anyone else? Okay. Vex? Okay. And Taryon? Okay, good to know. I'll show you mine, if you show me yours? Perfect. So, as the two tinkering nerds begin to reveal their secret inner interests, Vex, you, about three days into this venture, you catch what looks to be a dark spot right on the horizon. Midday, maybe like two o'clock in the afternoon, it's a warm sun, this far, as you start moving westward and southward, you head closer to what would be the equator of the planet. It's getting warmer, and the sea spray is coming up, the smell of seawater and brine occasionally meets your nose, as the ship hits the various waves as they come across, but you're still keeping a keen eye out. And it's just endless sea in all directions, you see no landmass, but you see a little bit of something appearing at the horizon. It could very well be land. So you just glide around the-- Okay. Keeping an eye out, and as you move, you catch a little more of the shape in the distance. It looks a little small to be a landmass. If it is landmass, it's a very small one. But it's stationary. It could be a ship, it could be anything that would be stationary. Literally, it's only because of your keen vantage point, and your honed eyesight, that you're able to even make that slight, little bump in the horizon from here. As you fly down, you see her, she's at the front of the ship. She has her one hand currently on the wheel, and she's looking out, chatting to the side with one of her crewmates, and turns around as you fly down next to her. She's surprised at your immediate appearance and she's like, "Oh, (gasps) sorry, I--" One of these days, I'm sure. "What can I do for you?" "Take the helm." She hands off the wheel to one of her compatriots, and she rummages over in one of the small chests to the side, and pulls out a large scroll and slams it onto a table she keeps maybe ten feet off to the right of her. And she goes through and pulls out a few instruments. Marks the sun and takes a good five minutes or so getting a really strong idea of where the positioning is. She looks down. "No, not much in the way of landmasses out here, my dear." She goes and pulls out her particular eye glass. It's small, but functional. Glances over, and you look over in the direction and point it out. There's nothing on the horizon. There's a long pause-- Passes it over. You take off, look up, extend it, keeping a close view. Go ahead and make a perception check. 21? Okay. You take a moment and glance out in the same direction you were, and you scan past the horizon. Nothing. "I sincerely hope not, for all of our sakes. But, nevertheless, I'm gonna go ahead and have "the men man our ballistas. Just to be safe." "What things?" "Depends on the sea monster." "Hopefully slowly." And she shouts off, "Full sail!" A bunch of the deckhands start pulling the ropes down, letting the sail come to a full-- flutter of wind itself isn't too terribly strong, but it's enough to at least inflate the sails even further, and give a little more of a speedy direction. Okay, cool. Some of her men go over and start loading the large ballistas to the back of the ship. Anybody else hanging out on the deck? There you stand, at the bow of the ship. You see at the very front there's the point, the-- oh man. There you go. As you glance out, with your hand above on your brow, guarding the bright, cloudless sunlight down upon you, it is just endless ocean. Make a perception check. It's still hard to see from this vantage point. You'll probably have to climb out there, and climb down in front of the ship to see. The gentleman who is there, currently wrapping a rope around his forearm, as he's pulling it down with his full weight, you can see he's maybe in his late twenties, though still going a little grey in the beard, for such a young age, but his skin is weathered, he's kind of missing a few teeth. He's got a large piece of-- like a bandana of cloth wrapped around the front of his head, and just a leather tunic. He kind of looks back to you. "Um, I've got it, but thank you." Right, okay. Okay. Yeah. Well, she did shout 'full sail,' I guess maybe you went up to see what was going on. You get up to the crow's nest. Go ahead and make a perception check. 20, okay. You get up there, lean out, getting a view, you can see maybe 45 feet up, Vex is also keeping her eye out via broom. Taking her lead, and the direction she's facing, you glance out in that direction, but it's just open sea. All right. The shiphand who's manning the sail who's a foot from you right now just reaches up and covers his ear and goes, "Uh. We don't really yell that loud all the time "into each other's ear, but thank you." As you approach from behind, she's currently holding the wheel, and she doesn't even turn her head to you, goes, "Yes?" "I mean, always, but--" Okay, Gust is a what-level spell? Gust would be like a (pfft). It's more of a heavy fart. A level three Gust of Wind, you said? Concentration for up to a minute, so okay. So as you focus-- actually, this is not a spell-- Second-level spell, and it cannot be done at a higher level. However, it gives you a full minute of a very focused gust of wind of, as it-- the sails billow even further. You can see the ropes tighten, the guy with the rope around his arm goes, "Ow ow ow ow!" Has to unwind it real fast, go in and ratchet it to the side. But the sails pick up, and the ship itself picks up speed. For the next minute you've got a nice burst or so. You watch as the captain looks over the shoulder to you and gives you a nod, an approving nod, wordless, but-- The tension on the ship-- The tension on the ship slowly recedes over the next hour as there is no sign of anything else. Okay. You shimmy out onto the front of the ship. You do actually see just the cusp of what looks like a pair of hands that are clasped, carved into the top of where the wooden point at the front of the ship is. So there is definitely a figure there. Okay. You hang down, and reach, as one would. (all laugh) As you kinda grasp over and hold and feel around there-- -- not finding much in the breasts, but you find a bulge. It does indeed have a figure at the front of the ship, this one is not female. Yeah. I mean it's a bulge where one would be, yeah. Okay, go ahead and make an athletics check real fast That's a five? (laughs) You hear this brief bit of tension (sound of exertion). And then a (splash). (laughs) Yeah, you look down, you don't see anybody in the water, but a moment passes and you glance over and there, up the side of the ship, with two daggers, climbing, and soaking, sopping wet with seawater, which has caused all of the heavy, thick black fabric to just become an additional 40 pounds on him, you watch Vax make his way up to the top of the ship once more. Okay. It's like holding a hairdryer to him, just (loud whooshing). (all laugh) Exactly. Okay. Anything in particular, just keeping watch? All right. About two hours later, I'll have you both roll perception checks, if you could. Mm-hm. Days at sea, it's nice. Shh. Fair enough. Okay. 11. Yeah, you're distracted. With your companion. 18. Okay. Uh, no, it is clear skies. (laughs) Jesus Christ! Anyway, you guys, due to distraction, catch it about the same time the rest of the party does. As you look ahead and notice that there is a fog bank forming maybe a few hundred feet ahead of the ship. Well, everybody does now. Go for it. 14. It doesn't take much for you to realize that this fog is pretty localized. It's not an entire bank that covers the entirety of the ocean in actuance. You kind of travel from one side of the boat to the other to get the scope of it. It's pretty narrow and pretty focused in its direction. You recognize this to be of similar size although magnified. A little-- Bigger than the usual spell that you are used to casting but it does appear localized enough to be of a similar-type spell or effect. The ship suddenly lists a bit as you watch as Adella is now turning the wheel and turning the ship to try and veer around the fog bank that suddenly has appeared, and she's shouting off to some of her crew. They're starting to man the ballista at the back of the ship once more-- "Um. It's fog!" "I have not yet encountered a monster that creates fog! "But I'd rather not be caught off guard." "From the recent calculations I made on our map, we're at least a day and a half out." She's glancing over the front and-- you guys, by the way, are up there in the crow's nest and one of the ship hands is now climbing up the rope net to get to the top as part of his job-- -- he gets up there and goes, "Um." He hops in and pulls out his spy glass and begins looking out. Shouts down to the captain. "Captain! It's moving!" And you watch as she shifts-- the ship begins to turn wide to move around and the fog shifts to meet the direction of the ship. Mm-hm, or the ship is going towards it. All right. She continues to try and move around, and the fog cloud shifts around, shakes her head and you hear as Adella shouts out, "All right, looks like we're going in. "Be at the ready!" And eventually the fog bank hits the front of the ship, and within moments your visibility is cut to nothing. You can see no more than maybe a few feet past the edge of the boat, and for those at the back of the ship, the front of the ship is obscured. Those at the front of the ship, the back of the ship is obscured. It is a very, very thick fog that has completely immersed the outside of the ship. Okay. They clear out, and slowly the fog begins to choke back inwards. Slowly, it does help temporarily, but as the ship moves forward basically you move past the area that you've cleared out a little bit, and the rest of the fog tends to envelop it. Okay, Tary gives a graceful, if a little clunkier, dive. In full armor, which makes it hard to swim. But you can breathe underwater. It's medium armor, it's not too crazy, you're fine. But you with a much heavier splash. You look behind you, and see Taryon has met you in the water with the gills also kind of extending out of the sides of his neck. I would like both of you to make perception checks. (all laugh) 24. Okay, as you guys hit the water and go underneath for a second, you can see amongst the water, which is relatively still out here, and there's still the fog above, you see a slight displacement in the water. Keyleth, you look over and you can see the displacement. There is nothing dark, but it's almost like something is pushing down into the water, or like there is a concave portion of the water. It is breaking the surface tension, like it's in-- as you glance over you can see there's what appears to be an unnatural break in the waves like a path. It's like another ship or something of that size is currently keeping in time with the Drensala Vis. Well, you don't see what's there. All you see is the break in the water. Okay. You can still speak, I'd say, once you break the surface of the water. Okay. All right, you guys hear Keyleth begin to inform you as you hear off to the left side of the ship two localized sounds-- it sounds like wood slamming into wood or some sort of a heavy impact, two in rapid succession. And you watch as from out of the fog two extremely long metallic jagged and almost like hooks or giant grappling hooks slam into the ship with chains behind them that suddenly grow taut. The rest of the crew begins to turn around and move their ballistas in the direction of where the chains come from, but you still see nothing there. The fog is too thick. Okay, go ahead and roll a stealth check. You can see the hooks, yes. It's just out of view. You watch them pass through, and you see them arc below you, and then vanish into the fog. And you hear the impact and the ship kind of (impact noise) from the hit. Okay. Okay, you rush up to the edge of this giant claw that's hit it and you can see it's a thick-- like a dark iron pole maybe about that long-- -- it's about that big around and has a large chain affixed to it that just progresses off that side of the boat into the fog. It looks like a series of giant hooks or curved spikes, and it has jammed and dug itself and dragged and caught on to the actual deck of the ship. Go ahead and make a strength check. 15. You're lifting right now and it's not shifting. Unfortunately, the weight of both the ship moving forward, the tension on the chain and the hook, and the hook being so heavily dug into the deck, like versus that portion you're just not getting enough of a lift. There's too much torsion on the actual connection to the ship. Okay. Okay, so Trinket and Grog are now heading to the left side of the ship-- --you guys are swimming in the water towards that direction, and you watch as suddenly what was once a slight displacement in the water becomes visible. And you see before you a smaller, more compact-looking ship, but it has a series of iron plates all across it in various places. It's armored from all directions, haphazardly. Not a beautiful construction per se, but made for function. You look up, and from what you can see on the edge of the ship, and you can see what appear to be two small gray crystals that are giving a faint glow, and it looks like they are actually creating and emanating this fog that is surrounding the space. Okay, well, you can only Faerie Fire creatures in a small area, a ship-- --probably shouldn't be Faerie Fire. With just your fingers? It's pretty-- I mean-- okay, you know what, I will say because of the iron plating there is a little bit of a grip. Go ahead and make an athletics check. Mm-hm. You can, indeed. You reach up and grab, and about three nails snap, and you lose your grip, falling back into the water. Yes. You barely hold on. You don't climb, but you hold on and watch as Keyleth just-- You see her splash and disappear under the water below. The fog is starting to close around the area. You just went under the water. You come back up and you watch Tary vanish as you're now being left behind. The ships are traveling faster. You see one, it's a little ways up from where the ship is actually hitting the water. You would have to probably swim close enough to get there. I'm going to say, make an athletics check to see how quickly you can try and swim against the ocean just for this brief moment. You're going to have to roll pretty high. Yeah. 15? I'll say you don't fall too far behind the ship, it's still going faster than you and the water is kind of up and down. Using your Alter Self gills, you can dive below the surface to try and avoid the choppiness of the ocean, and you come back up. What's the range on your Thorn Whip? 30-foot range, and it pulls whatever is there ten feet towards you. We can say it'll pull you ten feet towards it. So it gives you a slight arc, but not enough to actually reach the ship, you can just cruise past the grasping range of Taryon. So, Taryon, as you're there on the side and you glance over and you watch as Keyleth suddenly produces a large thorny whip, a druidic vine that wraps around the small cleat on the side of the ship. And you watch as she arcs out of the fog towards you, reaching her hand out in your direction. Okay. You grab her hand-- Make a strength check. Yes, just a strength modifier bonus. Okay. All right. You grab her, and you-- it pulls you from two points, but you had managed to keep your hold and grasp Keyleth, now dangling from your arm. It is. You're very sore-- (all laugh) You look up at this point and you can just barely see the chain, and you watch as a couple shapes, just barely visible through the fog, are now leaping across the chain towards your ship. So-- You guys in the ship, you glance over where the chains are currently pulling taut. You watch as a series of humanoid figures wearing dark, dark green and black leathers, their faces partially obscured, rush onto the ship, weapons drawn. I'm gonna ask everyone to roll initiative. I can't take full credit for these. These were already premade All right. There's the two of them in the ocean currently off to the side. All right, so. Up in the crow's nest, we have Percy, one of the other shipmates, kinda up there. We have, down here at the wheel, the captain. These two, wielding two different ballistas. We have Doty, just hanging off to the side, watching and trying to take record of whatever's happening at the moment. Grog, where are you? That would be right here. With Trinket right by your side. Right, so you guys had made your way. So, yeah. So-- So you guys are heading this way? Are you taking him with you? All right. Vax, where are you? Since you are hiding. Right. You could probably be hiding amongst one of the low sails probably. So we'll say you're up in this sail. In that vicinity. All righty. So. Bringing us now to the initiative order. 25 to 20? All righty. 20 to 15? All right. 15 to ten? Grog. All right. That's all right. Keyleth. And then? Tary. Nice! All righty. So. You watch as these figures just jump across from the chains that are lashed onto the boat, and as two of them make it across, suddenly, up the side of the ship, you watch as if a singular wave seems to (water rushing) and splash onto the edge of the ship. However, as the water crests and splashes into the ground, it forms up into its own physical entity. You've seen this form once before, that Keyleth has taken-- --this is a water elemental. (laughs) Where did I last put it? All righty, so. That being the case, I'm gonna go ahead and pull these up there. The fog is still in this vicinity right now. So, you're under the effect of a Fog Cloud spell... for the area. So, basically, the area around is heavily obscured. So that will increase uh, AC to a number of individuals. Perfect. All right, so. So first off, this elemental rushes forward to Grog, splashes around in your direction. Grog, it's gonna go ahead and take a series of swings at you. Yeah, it's gonna take two slam attacks. That is a 23 to hit? And an 18 to hit. All righty. So you suffer 12 points of bludgeoning damage. That's full damage. You're not raging. And that is 15. 15 points of bludgeoning damage. 12 and 15. All right, that ends that guy's turn. Next up is Vax and Vex. Okay. Okay. So we'll say-- As you guys make it onto the other side of the ship-- You're right. But I don't have that time, unfortunately. (all laugh) You drop him in the crow's nest. All right. And you are currently on your bow? Is that all you're gonna do? Fair enough. On their ship? Okay. So as you coast down a little lower, I want you to make a perception check. 31. You glance down, and as the fog parts, you see on this ship, there are three other similarly dressed, dark green and black leather humanoids that are now beginning to rush over the chain, and standing back, on the back of the ship, arms crossed, you see a large humanoid with a fish-like head. It has no nose, a big fish-like mouth, big bulbous throat, kind of a greenish-blue skin color, very turquoise, with big fin gills at the side and a large crest that goes down the head. But it's wearing fine billowing silks, and a large vest, and its lower torso, from this giant oversized kind of plump belly, the lower torso is just this swirl of water that sits there, and it looks like it's currently concentrating through the fog on the opposite side. It does not seem to notice you at the moment. It is right there. Go for it. 20? Hits. Go ahead and roll damage. Let's see. Actually, roll again. Because in the fog cloud you do have disadvantage on strikes. One? Oh. That sucks. There you go. So this entity is currently Hunter's Marked, and you can take your second attack, if you like. I'm gonna say for the purpose of this Bramble Shot, 'cause it's only fair and it's a powerful vestige, it only works if it connects. That should change the wording on that. Go for it. 19 does hit. Slick. Gotcha. That is a 13. Go for it, roll the damage. For Bramble Shot. 16. Okay. I'm gonna go ahead and make a concentration check on him. He succeeds. With a 26. All right, so, the first shot whips past and just slams into the ship. You watch as this giant fish entity kinda glances off to the side, looks down and starts looking up into the fog cloud, but you're right above it at this point, or just off to the side, and you fire your second arrow, it turns just in time to see it hit it in the shoulder, as it glances up, tries to snap it free. The wooden shaft of the arrow suddenly sprouts all these vines and thorns that begin to wrap around it and it tears in its body, and it's currently stuck in place. It cannot move. All right. So, ending that, we come to Vax's turn. There is one crossing right now. There's two of them who made onto the boat, right there. Okay. So you're-- we'll say you're up over, you kind of shimmy your way along the edge of the sail, and you're looking right down below him. This guy right there. The guy closest to Grog, or the guy who's alone right there? Okay, gotcha. That will hit. Did you roll at disadvantage because of the fog cloud? Yeah, so you're fine. You do. So roll another d6. Nice! That's 48 points of damage in one hit. 80 points of damage. No. (all laugh) Just leaps off the chain and pulls out what looks like-- for this, it would be a dagger and a rapier. Glances around and goes lunging in for the captain of the ship. Gets maybe two steps, before your blade sinks into the back of the neck. And he just hits the side, and collapses, right at the edge of the ship right there. Done. Okay. Okay, yeah. Even with disadvantage. Okay. So this one you fire, and just disappears off to the side of the ship, but returns to your belt. Are you gonna stay where you are? Okay. All right. Make an acrobatics check. Just to land from the top there. Yeah, you're fine. So you move around behind Trinket. All righty.  That ends your turn, Vax. Percy, you're up. Perception check. Glancing about in the area, it's hard to see, especially from this vantage point. The area is so heavily obscured with fog. You do glance and see what looks to be a very, very faint general glow in a lower area towards the edge of the ship. But that's all you can make out. It'd be on this side. You're up here. This is an enemy right there. These are enemies. These are your guys, the guys with the red cloaks; the red color signifies your own crewmates. Two enemies in their ship, one that's currently crossing, and one that is on the other side. Disadvantage with each strike, yes. For which one of these guys? One of these two? Okay. First one there. 28 will hit. Nice! As he's trying to step across the chain-- (gunshot) He gets blasted. And (Wilhelm scream) just plunges off the side of the chain, loses his footing, tumbles over, and vanishes into the fog. And you hear this splash, a moment later. So this guy? Disadvantage on this shot. Yeah, that will hit. All righty. Okay. He also (snapping sound) falls off, grabs the chain, catches it with his finger, but because of the sea spray and the fog, it's too slick and (slipping sound, Wilhelm scream) just falls. Yeah. But they both have fallen off the ship. You've one guy walking across, right now, on the chain, and the guy below you who is grappled, and the water elemental that's also attacking you. He is restrained, which means attacks on him are with advantage, so it would cancel it out. Not that you can see. 18 to hit? Just barely hits. Gotcha. Okay, so you managed to fire (gunshot) the third shot out from Animus. You see it blasts into the upper shoulder and back portion of this fish-like creature. (growls) It does not look terribly happy. But it is currently still bound by the various thorny vines that have wrapped around it. End your turn? Okay. There you go. All righty, that brings us to Grog. The water elemental just (gurgling growls). Okay. Go for it. Two strikes. No, you're melee, you're fine. Okay. That hits. 17 damage. Okay. Now your last strike? That hits. 24 points of damage? Okay, nice. So you start bludgeoning its watery form. Even though you see the water splashing around, and it's soaking everything in the vicinity, you are still watching as each blow forces the creature to kinda shift and move, and you hear this (gurgling sound) kind of dull thud sound, and a pained noise seems to emit from this elemental creature with each impact. Does that end your turn? All righty. That brings us to the rest of the crew. So these guys-- the water has now pushed them past a bit. They are moved and they're starting to try and swim their way to the edge of the ship, and they're starting to actually-- Let's see what their rolls are for their athletics. Natural 20, nice. Okay, so they both make their way up to the side of this side of the ship and latch onto the edge, right beside Keyleth and Taryon. Yeah, as both (grunts) get out of the water, they're pulling up right alongside you, pulling blades out. You hear them just growl as they pull their blades out, and continue. So for this one, each of them are gonna make two strikes against each of you with their rapiers. Taryon, that is a 21? And a 21. I rolled the same number twice in a row. So you take-- Nine points of piercing damage and five points of piercing damage. As it just thrust-- -- holding onto the side of the ship's armor, thrusting the rapier into you, scraping past your armor. One catches you in the hip. Keyleth, the other one's gonna make two strikes against you. That's gonna be-- An eight? And a 27. And that's gonna hit you for ten points of piercing damage. And it looks like their ascent has stopped and they're just right now happy to just continue to pierce these two stowaways that are gripping onto the side of the ship. This one stumbles across the rest of the chain. And turning and seeing you guys there on the edge, Vax as you dart around the side of Trinket, it's gonna move, avoid the bear, step across, and attempt to attack you twice with the rapier, once with the dagger. So the dagger's gonna be 11? Not very good. However, that is a 26. And a 19. No. All right, so, they get one rapier strike towards you. That is going to be nine points of piercing damage. As it just cuts across the center of your armor in the midsection. It doesn't actually get the skin, but it's enough of an impact where you can feel a bruise coming. All righty. Ending their turn, that brings us to Keyleth. You are, yes. Okay, make an athletics check. Okay, so you get up on the edge of the ship, it does get one attack of opportunity against you as you move up. It's gonna slice at you with a rapier. That is gonna be an 18. Nice. Okay, there you go, that's all good. That is ten points piercing damage. As the rapier just catches you in the back, and you're like (groans), and you climb up and get back onto the edge of the ship. As you glance around, you can see that there is the weird fish-looking guy in the center of the ship right now. It's currently bound by the vines around him. You're pretty sure there's not much of a tribal sign-- -- that resembles anything Ashari-related universally. Control Water, what level is this? Okay, as you get on the edge you begin to pull your arms up, and as you do, you hands begin to glow with a dull blue-turquoise color, similar to the skin of this fish-like creature, and it glances over at you, and its jaw opens. You can see this burbling sound as the edges of the water begin to rise up and splash and pour into the ship, perpetually filling the lower, usually air-filled section of this ship. And it begins to immediately (thud) list a little bit to one side. That's gonna be your action, and climbing up is gonna be your movement. So that's kinda where you are. You can maintain concentration on it. You get the sense, it's gonna take a few rounds, but if you keep at this, you'll probably have a  good chance of achieving your goal. Ending Keyleth's turn, it is now the crew's go. So the crew here is gonna turn the ballistas around, as the captain leaps off down and goes behind the guy who attacked you, Vax. She pulls out a scimitar, rushes forward screaming, "Yah!" and just does a full downward arc into the back. That is 18. That hits. Second strike is a 23. Both hit. That's better. 24 points of slashing damage. That ends her turn. These two guys are gonna fire ballistas at the ship. (firing sound, splash) One of them unfortunately just coasts off to the edge and misses the ship. The other one is a natural 20. Oof, that's gonna be nasty. That, yeah, okay. That is 42 points of damage-- -- to the side of the ship. You watch as one of these ballistas has a similar-looking, like, giant iron arrow, but it's designed to just split and destroy wood on impact. It's pierced, but it seems to splinter out, so it hits, and then breaks as it goes. And as it slams into the side of this ship, just above where Taryon and the other guy are. You watch as it (crashing sound) slams and wood splinters and breaks. The impact shakes the side. I'm actually gonna ask both you and that guy to make a strength saving throw. Okay, both of you guys-- Okay, go for it. Okay, that's two. That's enough to hold on. The other guy did not make it. So you just hold on from the impact, the other guy (screams) falls back and splashes into-- Perfect. As you hold on, you watch as the ballista, which has a chain attached to the back of it as well, is now being ratcheted back. And as it slams through and is pulled back, it's tearing sections of the ship apart. And you can watch now, as it's pulling down and breaking a whole section. That's gonna go ahead and end this crewman's turn. This guy is gonna go ahead-- crossbow and try to line it up, towards-- I can only see the guy below, with disadvantage. Oh, it's a shame, it's a natural 20. And a 19, actually. Still manages to hit, even with the disadvantage from the fog cloud. Okay, that's eight damage to that guy. All righty. And then this guy over here is gonna move to the water elemental and take a strike on it and misses. (whoosh) It goes and strikes, but the water elemental shifts out of the way, the blade moves past, without an impact. End of the round, we have Taryon. Yeah, he's splashed back. Both of these guys are in the water, back ten feet. Yeah. Okay, athletics check. Yeah, that could climb up and get onto the edge of the ship, right next to Keyleth, who's currently concentrating. You see her eyes kinda glowing, and her hands glowing with this faint aqua-look as the water is now, immediately to the right of her, curling up and splashing over the bow of the ship, and just pouring into the ship below. Okay. You do see it, yeah. It's currently bound by the series of thorny vines. Okay. Go ahead and roll an attack. It is restrained, so you have advantage on the ranged attack roll. Add your-- it should say under the class. It should say under the class's ability. What's your bonus next to it on your sheet? Under your attacks. It should be there. Doesn't? Ah, damn it. Right. It's their saving throw. It's your spell DC to get past it; I think is what it is. It's not an actual ranged-- 17? Okay, good to know. Which, he has disadvantage on it, which he rolled a one in the first one, so no. So go ahead and roll full damage. Okay. 26 points of acid damage. All righty. You watch as you lob your vial, it (shattering sound) burst across the creature's chest-- --and the acid (burning sound) begins to burn, burning part of the vines that currently keep it restrained, but-- But it does burn. You see it (gurgling grunts) trying desperately to break free, as you see the smoke of its burning flesh rise up off its body (sizzling sound). End your turn, Taryon? Okay. There you go. And with that, Doty's gonna go ahead and reach down and try and grab-- nope. Not with a four. As you see, (creaking noise) you hear the metal kind of creaking, but not getting any sort of actual-- I know. All right, ending that round, that brings us to the top. The rushing waters the ships continue to move forward; both of these guys shift backward. They're being left behind by the boats. They're trying to swim forward. That brings us to Marid. Okay. So this guy is currently up in the side. And he's looking around, he's gonna make a quick perception check, just to look around. He got shot by you. He got shot by you. He's gonna go ahead and glance up in your direction. He's gonna go ahead and use a Water Jet ability against you. Actually, let's see here-- You know what, now? No, he's not. He is, but he's gonna use a Water Jet-- He's still grappled. He's restrained, but he can still do abilities. 60, fine. Yeah, you're up there, but it sees the cluster in that direction. That's his own guy. He won't do that. Hold on, I'm trying to see what's the most useful-- He can't move. He can't angle it. It's really frustrating for him. Yeah, for him. And for that, he's gonna aim for Trinket and Vax. Aiming for Trinket and Vax. So, all of a sudden, it turns its head this way, opens its mouth (hoarse gasp) and you watch as this small spiral of  greenish energy begins to swirl. And a singular burst of extremely accelerated water just (hard impact sound) fires through the fog out of sight. You hear this (whoosh) sound, and you turn just in time to watch as it blasts towards both you and Trinket. I need you to make a dexterity saving throw, and Trinket as well. Vax. 17? All righty. So Trinket manages to (whoosh) duck down, taking half the damage. So 15 points of bludgeoning damage to Trinket. 30 to you, Vax. Yeah. Evasion-- Right. Yes, yes. So you take 15 points of bludgeoning damage. However, you are pushed 20 feet away and knocked prone. (whoosh) Off the edge of the ship. He (splash) into the water below. (splash) It's with such force, that you aren't even given a chance to grab at the ship. You're thrust off at an arc. And (splash) into the water. (splash) into the ocean-- -- soaking you down into the wave. The elemental creature swirls up and occupies both the space of Grog and Trinket, and is going to go ahead and turn it into a whelm. So it's going to uh, attempt to whelm both of you, and I need you and Trinket to make strength saving throws. All righty. You guys, both pushed out of its space. So it forces you out. However, you both manage to escape any sort of damage as its giant spiral, this whirlwind of water spins around and you both barely force your way out of it before it can do any serious damage to you. All right, that leads us to Vax's turn. Okay. Okay. Yes. Okay, that will put you about there. 26? All righty, that hits. (poof) 15 points of damage with that strike. Okay. Your offhand attack, yeah. You have advantage on these strikes now. Because you're right up against him, and he is restrained. 20 hits. And you do get your Sneak Attack, because of your advantage on him. That is a nine. He does not succeed! You roll that. So what's the damage initially? Okay, so 22. Are you gonna roll Sneak Attack damage? No, you have advantage on him because he is restrained. And he is not immune to poison. How much is that total? 20 for the sneak attack. 20 plus 22. We'll see if he maintains concentration. He does not. So. Let me double-check one thing real fast, here, because this will be interesting. Okay, got you. So he loses concentration. He is now poisoned and restrained. He has to make a saving throw, actually, to see-- which he did not. So yeah, still restrained. Whoof. That sucks. Okay, that ends Vax's turn. Vex, you're up. You do, the fog is still present. 28 hits. Second attack? Yes, that's fine. Hits. Go ahead and roll damage for both. Nice, all right. Correct. All righty. You do get Hunter's Mark, yes. Nice. So, after he's stabbed in the side, and the poison pulses through his system, turns around, and as the arrow slams into him, burst of flame and lightning arcs through his body. Is Trinket doing just a regular attack? Because if you wanted to, instead of going for a damaging attack, you can go for a shove. Yeah, you can do it, you can sacrifice an attack for a shove strike. It doesn't do damage. I was wondering if that's what you were going for. Okay, so go ahead and roll an athletics check for Trinket. Five? Okay, yeah, so Trinket goes up and slams into the guy, and he gets pushed against the side of the ship, but not with enough force to shove him over the edge, and he (grunt) catches himself. Just pressing (growls) on there, yeah. All right, that ends your turn. Percy, you're up. Correct, yes. You can do that, yeah. Uh... sure. Okay. Make an acrobatics check as part of this. This is specifically the kind of shit acrobatics is for. Yeah, go ahead and take it-- still at disadvantage. Because of the fog. Nope? Yes. Oh, you misfire? (laughs) Okay, so you use your piercing shot to shoot both at him and to shoot the-- or to shoot the rope and then swing down? Your feet are sticky, but your hands are not. It's the blast of psychic energy. You know what? I'll say go ahead and make a wisdom saving throw. Yes, make a wisdom saving throw to see if you can withstand the blast to your brain as your vision goes white. Nope. Unfortunately, no. What happens is, as you grab the rope and you fire-- as you slash the rope and go to swing down, you go to fire, and as you do, it backs up, and your vision just goes white and you feel your whole body go instantaneously numb. You're not sure if you're even holding the rope anymore. All of your-- -- and the pain sears in your brain, you hear the (heartbeat) the pulse of pain through, and as your vision comes to, it clarifies, and color comes back just in time for you to see the surface of the ship rocketing towards your face. (impact sound) And you slam into the ground, straight across, landing prone at the base of the ground in front of the fish creature. You can. You take 12 points of bludgeoning damage from the fall. You could use-- I mean, that was your action, you land, yeah. You're still prone, but you can still use the rest of your attacks if you want. I mean, that was an attack. The piercing shot. So you still have your two other attacks, if you wanted to use them. Okay, so two more strikes, both at disadvantage. 28 hits. 16 does not hit. Seven points of damage. Got it. Okay. So as you roll over on your back and pull out Retort and just fire two shots, one just goes off into the fog. You see it tear through the ship mast for a second, some wood splinters, the other one, you hear the creature take the impact from the blow. You're not even really paying attention where it's going, you're just hearing the sound and shooting in that direction. All right, that'll end your turn, Percy? (laughs) Grog, you're up. All right. So, you turn towards it over there. Go for it. Yes. That'll hit. All righty. All righty. Yes. 17 points of damage, all right. So you rush in and slam twice in this elemental again. You see its form with each hit is just splattering water against the ground, and where once it came up as this solid force of water, it's starting to have difficulty keeping its form together. Where once it was focused genuinely on you and Trinket, it seems to be lashing out now in a frenzied state, it's just punching all around. Does that finish your turn? Okay. Got you. All right. This guy here's gonna squeeze past the side. He hasn't moved away from Trinket yet. Actually, no, he's gonna squeeze this way instead because Grog's on that side. He's gonna go ahead and move past the bear and let Trinket push his weight into the side of the ship, and is going to go ahead and take three strikes at you, Grog. With advantage. That's gonna be two strikes against you and one against Trinket. First one with advantage is gonna be a 24. Dagger is gonna be a 15. Yeah, his first attack roll was a one. All right, so you take ten points of piercing damage, reduced to five. And then the other rapier attack's gonna go against Trinket. Which is a natural one. Jesus. So he just swings and Trinket catches the blade in his teeth, and he draws the rapier back, which is now covered in bear slobber. That ends his turn. This guy here is gonna go ahead and turn to face off with Captain Adella. He's gonna make three strikes against her. That's gonna hit. First rapier strike, second rapier strike, and the dagger, all three hit, unfortunately. 14, and, okay. Total of 21 points of damage on her. So as she tries to parry to the side, the pirate just catches her off-guard and gets three good hits in, but Adella parries off to the side, gets pushed back a bit, and then forces her way forward, preparing her counter-attack. That brings us to-- -- Keyleth. Currently, yes. If you're still concentrating on this, the water's still pouring into it. It depends, right now it'll be probably two rounds before it begins to genuinely start sinking heavily. Depending on if the ballista get another shot at the side or not. Correct. You can either choose to continue to flood the ship, or use Control Water to attack the fish character. One or the other. Toss him overboard? He is very plainly a fish-based creature. The lower half of his body is a swirl of water. Okay. Okay. The torrent of water continues to shove down into the ship. You've redirected it. As it's pouring into the side, you use your other hand to pick up another portion of water and start spraying it into the wound that was left right above, Taryon, you're getting sprayed by water overhead as it's just traveling over you like an Epcot Center water fountain. All right, so the crew on this side, this guy's gonna go ahead and move up higher up there and take a swing. Misses, unfortunately. This guy's gonna take another crossbow shot down at the one that's attacking the captain. That will hit, actually. All righty. And then these two guys are gonna take two more ballista shots as they load up, pull it back. This guy continues-- actually, this guy doesn't get a shot, because he spent the last round winching and pulling it back, so he gets one shot retracting. This guy managed to pull it back and take a secondary shot at the ship. That hits. It's not a critical, but it's still pretty decent. That is 14 points of damage on the side of the ship. This one slams into it maybe about five feet to the left. Keyleth, actually all of you who are on the ship, you feel the impact as the second blow hits, and it pulls out the side, this time much lower, and water is now really pushing, the ship is slowly starting to capsize to one side. That ends that group's turn. Tary, it's your turn. Yes. I mean, it's wet, and the deck is currently listing to one side. It's listing this way. Doty actually does succeed this turn. (all cheer) You get to use a second action that's a melee attack. Melee attack, disengage, hide... Yeah. Yeah, use an object. I'll say, for the purposes of this? Sure. Why not? Okay. How many charges does it have? You can use as many charges as you want that the ring holds. It should tell you up to a certain amount-- Okay. All right. So, it is still restrained, so go ahead and roll with advantage an attack roll plus seven. With advantage? Oh, shit. Well. Okay. Roll 6d10 force damage. Well, then we double what he rolled, because it's a critical. 70 points of force damage against the creature. So as you focus on your ring, there's a burst of divine white-looking energy that turns into this giant plate-like shield in front of you, and it just stays there. You're like, huh? And suddenly it thrusts forward, and out the front of it, like a portal, a giant spectral ram-head just slams into the chest, throwing it off the ship, as it screams, it just turns into sea foam. (all cheer) It's scattered into the ocean across from you. It is destroyed. Which, yeah, sure. Roll a dexterity saving throw. Off the ship, into the water. Splash! Into the water. There are. There's two over here, and there's two currently in the water below. Ending your turn-- Correct. These guys are trying to swim forward. That was cocked. Nope. These guys, at the top of the round, get pushed back. Taryon-- Yeah, so you're just generally swimming, but you also float back in the ocean. You're now caught in the water behind, so the ship carries on without you. All right. The water elemental's going to go ahead and take two slam attacks. It's taking a slam attack against Grog, it's taking a slam attack against the pirate. So against Grog, it has advantage on you because you used reckless. That is a 23. 16 points of bludgeoning damage, reduced to eight. And against the pirate, that hits. And the elemental reaches around, and as it punches Grog in the face, it slams the other pirate in the head, its fist engulfing his head, and he just kind of stands there, trying to find a way out, and it just drowns him while it's standing, and it drops the body to the ground. Yeah, it lashed out. Did enough damage-- no, one of the pirates. Vax, you're up. You go grab Tary. Okay, carrying him, we'll say you're at half speed, so that gets you just to the edge of the ship. As you're hasted, you have the haste action... I'll say you can use Divine Sense, sure. Oh. Taryon. Okay. Okay. That ends Vax's turn. Vex, you're up. Okay. Okay. We'll say that's 20... 40... yeah, you can get over here. You'd still be just above the fray. There's one guy left, and the elemental. Okay, go ahead for two strikes on that. The fog is still around, so yes. Both hit. Roll damage. Correct. All righty. Roll an attack for Trinket. Whichever one you decide. That hits. Roll damage. 11. As both arrows staple, one into the guy's knee, he falls down to the ground on one knee. The other one hits him in the side of the body, and he looks up just as Trinket chomps down over his head. (all cheer) Trinket then shakes him a bit, and his limp body just goes whoompf, whoompf, just slamming and breaking into the side of the ship, and then drops it on the ground, and Trinket turns around and looks in your direction. All righty. Two of the guys are trying to swim, but they're not able to keep up. You just watch them slowly vanish behind you in the fog. All right, Percy? You can see it still lashing out, yes. Go for it. Disadvantage on the shot. Okay. Go for it. 20 hits. Okay, so as you bring Bad News down and aim across the way, fire the bullet, it blasts across, and you guys see this glow of electrical energy that just shoots through the air, the bullet enhanced by the Cabal's Ruin vestige enchantment. As it blasts into the side of the elemental, the elemental gets blown back through the air, and as it does, it just vaporizes. (all cheer) All the enemies currently seem to be not on the ship, or dragging behind. However, (creaking noise) Okay. Make a perception check. 25. You glance in the side, and you see now, there is a singular small palantír-type orb, but smaller, that is a foggy gray color on the inside that's slowly swirling, and you can see it's gathering condensation and mist around it. It looks like it's just embedded into it. Make a strength check. Okay. We're going to stay in order for a second. There is a bit of a-- (straining sound) You feel something pop in your back shoulder, and your right arm gets a little numb. As you go over to it, you see it's there, but it's currently held in place by something that's beneath the orb, or at least it's either adhered or glued to or held there, you just don't have the strength to lift it. So that's your turn. It's Grog's turn, actually. Sure, go ahead and roll a strength check. With advantage, because you are raging. One-handed. (tink, fwoomp) And it just flies out of your grip from the tension out of the ship. You have to pull your hand back 'cause the-- one of the giant gnarled edges of it almost take your arm off in the process. It tears a section of the edge of this boat off. Just the railing on the side kind of pulls through it immediately. Trinket has to pull off to the side and the one guy kind of backs up immediately as it shoots off into the water below. For you guys, the ship, now that it doesn't have the tension to the side, is now capsizing very quickly and turning on the side. Keyleth, you're up. You're kinda off to the side. You can look down, it's not very well-lit on the inside at all. Like, it is not lit on the interior. You do have your elven darkvision for a few feet, so you have to glance over and look into the room below, but right now all you're seeing is seafoam and ocean pouring into the side of the ship. Okay. The ship is still sinking. You filled it with water, and currently the side of it has been blasted twice. Okay. Okay. You're terrible! Okay, so as the water comes rushing up from underneath, you see a lot of genuinely soaked food items come shooting up, large chunks of broken wood, what appear to be additional iron ballista spears. And lots of chain come firing up from the inside. Furniture, chairs, occasionally (water sound effects) just pieces of broken things from the interior. You're not seeing much else than that at the moment. (sarcastically) Good pirates keep all their treasure on their ship at all times. Taryon! Anything you wish to add to this circumstance? You're now soaking wet, but your winged savior has lifted you down onto the edge of the ship. All right, so you spend your turn conversing. All right, we'll say for the pace of things here, guys, the ship is maybe 30 seconds from fully sinking into the water. Anybody you guys wanna-- Okay. Investigation check with disadvantage. The room is currently tilted pretty heavily, and everything has slid and collided onto one side of the room. It's just a giant pile of broken furniture. Yeah, there are a bunch of holes in the ship-- Your Control Water can localize some cool effects, but overall the ship itself has taken too much damage. Sure, make an athletics check. 19 with disadvantage? Nice! All right, pulling from the inside and rummaging through, you find-- Yeah, you grab whatever papers you can, there's a small leather tube, you grab that. Looking about inside, there's a ring of keys. You find a bunch of scattered coins throughout the room. It looks like there was a couple of small chests that just opened up and-- Right. They look like some sort of opening device, yeah. Okay. So you grab the keys. Cool. All right. To jump across, okay. So you make it across, and you try and go underneath now. The ship, now, not only is it listing to one side, but it's starting to lift up a little bit. So you're slowing the process. Slowing it. The ship is also slowly moving behind the other ship, as it's no longer maintaining speed. All right, so what are you doing? Strength check. (popping sound) Okay. Make an athletics check. Five, ten, 15, 20... You catch the edge and are dangling on the side of the ship as your fingers are right there. Percival, water is now starting to spill in underneath you, and you're now about knee-deep inside, and everything's-- all the papers that you haven't already grabbed are soaked and floating up at the top. Make a perception check. Yeah, you could fly over. Because you're behind him. As you rush in to help him, he has a couple armfuls of things, the room is now about knee-high with water and is tilting heavily to this side, and there's just floating bits of paper and soaked books and pieces of broken wood and furniture-- the room is utter chaos. 17? You take a listen. Through all the splashing of water, the sound of wood creaking, and the ocean outside, you don't hear anything. Okay. Make a perception check. Okay, yeah. You go down and listen, and as soon as you do the water splashes up into your ear, and you get a bunch of salt water in the ear canal. Up in your nose a bit. You're like, ugh. Spider-boot down. Okay. So you can do that. You can prevent, slowing the sinking, to part water. Okay. As you do that, the ship begins to list even further back and at an angle, and you watch as the front of it comes upward, and everything on the ship begins to slide past-- -- in the direction of Keyleth and Vax. Can I have you both make dexterity saving throws, if you could. Yes. A bunch of barrels just (rolling sound) in your direction. Okay, yeah, you both manage to just sidestep out of the way as they tumble past and splash into the water below. You're starting to lose your footing a little bit. You probably have one more round before you just start sliding off the edge. Percival. Perception check, as the water separates in the room. Okay. As you push down into the chamber with the walls of the water to the sides-- as you look down, and most of the furniture that was thrust up out of this area is cleared out. You do see two cages in the far back, one of which is empty. The other one does seem to have some sort of humanoid inside. Okay. You rush up to the cage, and you look inside and you can already see what looks to be a slumped-over humanoid. You see no features, and there's no light down here, and your human eyes don't make out a lot of detail. The fact that you rolled so high-- it's only the little bit of light comes down here that's reflecting around. First key, nothing. Second key, nothing. Third key, noth-- (creaking sounds) Water begins to pour in from another side, and the ship itself is pulling back. I want you to go ahead and make an intelligence check. That's for a saving throw. What did you roll? A natural one. You start getting the keys in, and there's probably a good 15 or 16 or so keys on here, and you get through about six of them before the ship itself has gone into a fall, and the cages begin to slide-- The water is being parted by Keyleth, currently. The cage is beginning to slide now, towards the back of the ship. Okay, so. Okay. Okay, so you just fly in? As you rush down inside, you watch as these two large, heavy cages are tumbling in your direction. An empty one slams just past you, and the other one slams into that, itself turning up a bit, and something inside slumps to the side of the bars. Make an investigation check. The keys you do not have. Percy has-- 21. You manage to, as you leap up using your wings in little bursts-- this is a small, enclosed space, you can't use too much of the air to fly. In what little bit of parting of the water's being done, you catch up and climb onto the top, and you can see the cage has turned on its side, and the doorway is on the top. So you can see the actual lock. I'd say yeah. You reach out and pull out your picks, and as you look up-- Keyleth, at this point you're parting the water, but the ship is now sinking, and you are-- you're sliding off. You can. Go ahead and make a dexterity check. Either. Just catch Keyleth as she's about to slide off the edge, and you hold her there. Now, I will not require a concentration check from you, however, you're about to both go under water. You're holding her at the edge of the ship. You get the door open. It slams over on the side. And looking down inside, you can see what appears to be a slumped-over, soggy mess of a person. Unconscious. Yeah. Grab them, pull them up, fireman's carry-- Yeah, there's not much room for flight, it's more like-- -- leaping through, as you make your way there. You just get up onto the edge as the water goes past both Percy and Keyleth. You guys, your faces just (splash) beneath the ocean water. You rush down from the broom. He goes and flings the person over your lap, and you take up on the rest of the ship as the boat now is completely submerged. You watch the tip of it just (splash) beneath the water. Bubbling the water up around as-- Okay. They're all on the edge of the ship, watching this happen. With one in the crow's nest, keeping an eye out. And they're not paying any attention to you. All right. No response, but you are eager to repeat your question. As you make your way over, Keyleth, you pull Percival-- because both of you guys sink quite a bit below with the ship. As soon as it goes under, it goes under fast, and as soon as you glance up to watch that Vax makes his way out, and you can just see over the surface, you relieve that to start swimming up, and both the two of you-- you release your boots, and begin to make your way to the surface. It takes a moment, and you just get to the cusp of what you can hold your breath, before you both break the surface. Percy takes a deep breath, and you guys eventually swim your way over towards the edge of the boat. The fog, by the way, has begun to dissipate now, and has been slowly doing so since your removal of the orb from the edge. As you guys all manage to make your way back onto the surface of the ship, waterlogged and tired, we're going to take a break for the restroom. So we'll be back here in a few minutes. We do have a Wyrmwood giveaway for you guys in the chat room. Be active in the chat room, just you have to use the phrase 'Wyrmwood', w-y-r-m-w-o-o-d,  in the chat room, once they initiate the actual contest, and we'll come back from the break with the winner. So we'll see you here in a few minutes, guys. Hello, everyone, and welcome back to Critical Role! First off, thank you again to our evening's sponsor, Tor Books! For coming out and sponsoring this episode, make sure to check out A Conjuring of Light, the conclusion to the Shades of Magic series is now available. Also, we had a contest in the chat for this fantastic mahogany dice vault by Wyrmwood, the winner is Terrythesortofgamer. (all cheer) So, having returned to the ship, the fog lifted, and the path before you now clear, the rest of the open, cloudless sky before you, you continued ahead in the southwestern direction towards the Islands of Anamn, which is where Vesrah exists-- We're getting to that right now. Right, so you come back to the-- as you bring the prisoner down, you lay him down-- and it is a man, early, mid- thirties-ish, maybe looks grizzled, kind of a half beard growing in-- -- he is drowned at the moment. He's not breathing, he is waterlogged, and even at a quick glance, you can see he has scars all over his body-- -- his clothes are tattered-- I'd say yeah, you're still concentrating-- You know what? Make a wisdom check. Yeah. 21! Yeah. So you get down on the low, and you reach out and grab the shoulder, and using the last moments of your Control Water spell, you focus and begin to just siphon the water out of the lungs, and immediately the body kind of convulses, the throat opens up from the outside, and you can see the water just project outward as the chest pushes inward, expelling the rest of the liquid from the lungs. Immediately, (coughs). What last murmurs of this man's life that remained as he began to fade to the drowning, you both manage to just bring him back from the cusp of death, and coughing profusely over the next 30 or so seconds, turning onto his stomach and gathering himself, taking breaths, spitting out whatever seawater still remains in his lungs, he looks back up at you all, and you can see he has a ragged, mouse-brown hair on top, and it's shorter on the sides around the ear, rather large ears, kind of square jaw but very scrawny, and once again from the tattered clothes and scars all over his body, some fresh, some old, looks like he's undergone a rough recent weeks-- Kinda looks up at everyone. "Wh-- Where am I?" "What do you want?" "Who are you?" He leans back, falls onto his palms a bit, and is just kinda laying back, too exhausted to move away, but trying to just move back a bit. Sure. Insight check. Shove off, Travis. Curse you, Travis. (coughs) "Well that's good, eh?" He leans forward, sits up and looks at you. He seems to soften a little bit, though he's still guarded. "Thenton Groose. First Mate of the ship Tempest Fang. Yeah." "Tempest Fang. Yeah. It was taken by a bunch of bastards, kept me in that cage for a few weeks." "Who wants to know?" "From around." "I'm a businessman of the seas." "Sail a bit." "Making a shipment across to Emon from Issylra, and this group of thugs decided to go "ahead and ransack us from the side. Took our ship down and most of the crew. Kept a few of us alive "underneath. Seems like I was the one who lasted the longest." "From Issylra." He looks at you for a second, reads you up and down as you step into the conversation. "General goods. Few fancy textiles--" "Some silks, some furs." Insight check. That's a great idea. "Yeah, I'm just-- I'm glad you came along." "That's a good question." "I don't fucking know." Immediately his eyes widen-- As soon as you do that, Captain Adella goes, "Ah, I don't get food. You get food!" And one of the other crewmates, "Oh, oh right." And he immediately jumps down below the deck. "Oh, just drop me off at the nearest port you get to, please." "That's fine. That's fine." "A fair bit, yeah." Yeah, actually, a handful visibly. Right. Make a history check. 18? Okay. None of the symbols you recognize, necessarily, however, the arrangement of them-- the placement of them and the general design are not used as-- there's tattoos you could see they're decoration, there're tattoos you could see that are meant as-- they mean something to the person. These tattoos and their placement seems intentionally to intimidate. "I don't think so, my crew went down with the ship." He kind of looks over at you, "Wha-- what-- why--" "No, no, that's--" He is noticeably looking nervously back and forth between Taryon and Grog, and-- "No?" "Does anyone have any water?" "Fresh water? Oh, thank you." And he pulls it out and just starts drinking thirstily from it. "I don't know what you're talking about. Look, I have business contacts, "I can get you paid, just get me safe somewhere." "The sort that I do business with, I told you. We deal in trade across the Ozmit." Nothing Clasp. Not really. You kinda glance over and look at the middle of his shoulders and his shirt is kind of billowing, and torn. No symbol of the Clasp. "Some-- both ways. The cages don't really protect very well." "They were just having fun, trying to get information about my company, and, "you know. Being general pirate arseholes." "Well, what else are they? Not the most pious men I've ever met." At which point, one of the crewmen comes up with a small cluster of biscuits, and hands them over as he greedily reaches out like, "Oh!" Yes. Adella just sent him for food. The crewman brought food, and he reached out for it. That's okay. That's okay. The crewman's a dick, by the way. Just-- These are good biscuits, starving guy! To be fair, that is kinda your style. "Oh no, that's fine. That's fine. I mean, lock me up, whatever you need. "Just get me back to land, please." "That's appreciated." "Yeah." He says, "If what you're referring to is the Islands of Anamn, we generally steer clear. "Too many reefs." Anamn. A-N-A-M-N. A-N-A-M-N. Anamn. "Great." Adella's behind you guys-- -- just kinda watching this whole thing with her arms crossed. One of her crewmates is currently at the helm. "Yeah, no, we got maybe a day and a half travel 'til we reach the islands, so--" "We got a-- we can throw him in the brig." "We'll set some of-- one of our men on guard. All right! Pick him up. Throw him in the hole." Two of the crewmen come behind and pick him up, and kind of lean over the shoulder, like, "Ooh, thank you. Thank you very much, all of you." And he gets dragged off down below into the ship. "I've heard a thing or two." "Yeah." "Yeah." (all laugh) Pirate companies. It's a very-- some of them have alliances, some of them have very, very deep-rooted rivalries, and yeah. Some of them do, depending on the size. "Looking around, my crewmen tell me we're doing all right. So we'll do some repairs when we "drop off at your location. Once you do your business, we'll have some time to go ahead and do "a once-over of our ship." Okay. Glancing about, a lot of them are maps of portions of the archipelago, the Hespit Archipelago, some are markings of various pirate headquarters, various places of parlay. A lot of them are waterlogged and soaked and damaged, but you can see elements that are-- a lot of them are hand-drawn notes in sections. The leather tube that you found, you pull it open, and there is a very, very immaculate piece of vellum paper that appears to have a number of glyphs scrawled across it. Okay. Yeah. Kind of? You have to look up the spell for the specifics, but yeah, it's got some interesting uses. Yeah. Look at the ability. It's the spell-- I gotta look. Yeah, it's a first-level spell. It's a first-level spell, so as long as you have a first-level spell slot. Oh, yeah, if you can use it as a ritual, then it won't use a spell slot when you do that. That is a fog marker. It can be used by holding it a round, but it is generally used to create a 100-foot-wide fog cloud that lasts for an hour when used. To activate it, you have to spend a ten-minute period of time concentrating on the orb, and then as it gets moved, it carries the fog cloud with it and lasts for an hour. The orb is maybe seven-inch diameter. It's about that big. Yeah, it's about that big. So the ship is still progressing in that direction. To? What do you want to do with the nature check? Roll a nature check. It looks like a magic item. Yeah, when you turn it-- Yeah, actually, it kinda looks like that. As you shift it, it swirls on the inside. It causes the air-- intense condensation that eventually drips from the outside of it when it's activated. All right. So as everything rests down in the ship you can use, you have about a day and a half travel until you're supposed to reach the islands. Yeah. And as he-- Yeah, they're clustered, you have many people per room. They're like bunks. So yeah, you post outside of the brig. As evening comes, the night passes. Is there anything you want to do? You just rest for the night? Okay. What have you been tinkering? To tinker it, so I can give you a DC, yeah. "We tinkered something really cool. Did it work?" Sure, it succeeds. "We built Voltron." Okay, so that's doable. The opal doesn't perpetually glow-- Generally, you have to pop a new opal in. Go ahead and roll a tinker check. Yes, you would be giving him advantage as you attempt to do that. So you just roll it twice, Percy. Between the two of you guys, it is not an issue. Even with your limited materials, but your travel-tinkering capabilities-- you manage to deftly create this seamless, beautiful, you could sell it on the street. (laughs) You guys are so cute. All right. Okay. (all laugh) Yeah, thanks. Sorry, Hallmark. It was three days before this encounter, you have a day and a half left. This is the evening afterward. No, you guys are busy tinkering. You two are having a conversation where Vax is trying to console Keyleth's sudden friendship crisis. It is a very thin wall. Aw. An evening of consoling and the rest of you guys get your evening's rest, you outside the brig, uneventful. Oh, did you want to talk? Go for it. Go for it. Phrasing. You hear, as you guys are finishing up, you hear a knock at the door. (crack, dink) As he flicks the opal, it gives off a bright equivalent of the Light spell. Daylight! I'm sorry. This is-- Yeah. Basically, there's a sun in the room suddenly (crackle). You're literally blinded for a moment. Your eyes just go (crackle). It's a beautiful prism, which you're able to see in about 40 seconds. (all laugh) Yeah. Off the-- yeah. All right, as the evening-- -- the evening comes to a close, the next day's journey is met with a coming cloudfront, does not appear to be storm-bearing clouds but the clear skies seem to have come to an end. Mm-hm. As the next day comes to a close, the sun setting, you hear a call from the top of the crow's nest that shouts out, "Land ho!" You guys all catch up and you can see-- -- just as the last bit of sunlit glow behind the clouds begins to fade into darkness, you see ahead the gentle shape of islands just breaking the horizon ahead, and one by one, little lights (click click click) coming on. As you come up to the bow of the ship, you can see at this point now, Captain Adella is starting to shout off to the side, "Keep it all high!" and is currently moving around and you see there are three guys at the front who all have lanterns out and they're watching the water below and they're shouting out, "Five to the right!" and they're giving different degrees and she's navigating through what looks to be a channel of reefs, as you glance over the edge. And you can see there are pathways here, but it looks like a lot of this water is very dangerous water and eventually you get to a point where one of them shouts, "Stop! Stop!" and they immediately throw down the sails and someone throws the anchor off the side and the ship (crunching) comes and slams to a halt as the anchor clicks and you can feel it grinding for a bit as it catches the edge of one of-- it looks like a reef below, but the ship eventually stops as you glance over, there maybe 15 feet away from hitting the edge of a reef. (grinding sound) It stops and the water (whistling) slowly comes to rest as the ship comes to a rest. Looking over the edge, you can see the water maybe about 20 or so feet down with what little bit of light the lanterns have put over, you can see the very top of various reef cliffs and hints of beach shelf beginning to rise up towards this cluster of almost like still fairy lights in the distance, unmoving. Captain Adella comes up to the edge of the ship and goes, "Well, that's about as far as we can get with this ship. My apologies." Wow. So with that (pffff) the spray of vapor in the air of the night sky, the darkness ahead of you that was currently-- the clouds obscuring any sort of starlight, suddenly is showered with a spray of vibrant colors across the entire spectrum, as the vapor slowly cascades around each side of the ship. As it does, a few moments pass and you watch more lights spark open in the distance (puff puff puff puff puff) whatever the source is, you begin to get a clearer view and there you can just barely begin to see the edges of what appear to be a very, very faint outline of a number of buildings all springing up from the water itself. The city is not on one of the islands, the city is in the center of them, there's a triangulation of these land masses and the city itself resides between all three. Some of the guys in the front of the ship start taking small rowing boats and taking them up and latching them in and setting them off the side into the more shallow waters below. Make a perception check. (all groan) Yes. No, perception. You run to the edge and right as you're about to leap, you look and realize there's relatively shallow reef in the direction you're about to leap, so you kinda turn and (laughs) go at an angle instead and (plop) into the water below. A second, almost a second after you, the ship (cracks) hits the water below and they start throwing down the rope ladder and you guys are allowed to then step into the rowboat. You have the broom. Or carpet if you like? All right. Trinket goes in the necklace. Okay, so your sister, you guys are taking the carpet-- -- Grog, you're going in the boat? (laughs) It's too heavy to go on the carpet. They have other rowboats on the side, you can request another one. Okay, so as you guys begin making your way, roughly five minutes behind you, as you all are kinda moving forward together via carpet, flight, and her swimming, and Grog strongly pushing his way through, Tary's just impatiently waiting for them to get the other boat off the side of the ship and they're slowly lowering it down, kind of the ropes having to adjust as it goes and you're like (groans). (all laugh) As you guys begin to approach, Keyleth, your feet eventually hit sand as opposed to treading water, and as you begin to walk up, the water comes past your waist, down to eventually your knees, and that is about as low as it goes. And looking out above you, you can see this beautiful lagoon that is completely submerged in about a foot, foot and a half of water for a good mile in all directions. And you can see dozens and dozens of these Grecian looking white and green marble structures that rise up out of the water. You can see a series of poles that stand up holding these lanterns that have all been magically set alight to give the city a sort of a glow. You see shapes moving, you see figures shifting out of these buildings and making their way in your direction, and as you're looking at this space in front of you and you guys begin to kind of meet up, you watch as a figure (whoosh) out of the water next to Keyleth. You glance to your left and look down and you see what appears to be a child, maybe about 13 years old, human-like, though his ears come to a bit of a finned appearance. You can see what looks to be gill slits to the side of the neck, and he looks up at you with kind of a tattered, long-stiffened piece of cloth tunic and shorts that end at the knee,and he kinda looks up at you and just kinda smiles with these very, very bright, orange-ish yellow eyes, "Hi." (sploosh) You go face-down into the water. Get up and (groans) push the water-- the hair back a bit. Okay. "Um... what are you doing?" "Yes. Yes, I am." "Keyleth. " And he reaches out and grabs your hand. "Yulan." "Leader of the Water Ashari." (splash) Into the water again. He shakes his head, you can see now he has these tossed medium-length dreadlocks that shake with his head as he turns side to side, (laughs) He looks up at the rest of you, "So! She yours?" "You bad people?" "Is he a bad person?" "Okay. Well, come with me." And he reaches out and taps you on the shoulder, Keyleth. Come on. He grabs your hand and pulls you up out of the water, and starts running in towards the city, holding you behind him. Just kinda tugging you by the hand. He does have legs. Splash, splash, splash splash splash splash... (blows) Okay. Splash, splash, splash splash splash splash splash. He's just running through the water. You can see a number of people have now stepped out of the buildings as you guys approach. And each one of them-- all of their clothing ends at the knee. You can see that this entire society walks through and lives partially submerged. There is an ever-present water element to their day to day life. (laughs) (laughs) The sand is soft and still strangely warm beneath your feet, though the night has come. And even through the distant sparkles of light everywhere, this city-- a lot of the buildings seem hollow and open, like what walls that there are, there's large windows. It seems like everything has this very kind of open-air, free lifestyle to it. And as you begin to approach-- He's not answering any of your questions, and you hear a voice shout out "Yulan!" And the boy kinda stops and drops your hand and backs away with his hands kinda crossed behind his back, and he steps away, bowing his head a little bit and (splashing noise) away. The crowd-- and you can now see, all these different people, most of them appear to be human, elven, there are a handful of dwarves, a couple halflings, it's a spread of races here. You see two half-orcs that have these large tridents off to the side, and they're guarded but they're all deciding whether or not this is a welcoming circumstance, or a careful parlay. The voice that rang out, the crowd parts a little bit, and you watch as the water around you guys begins to spiral into these columns. Each one appears to be similar to the entity you saw rise onto the ship. A series of water elementals begin to rise out of the water, as some of the individuals in the crowd pull their hands together, and then you see four of them rise and begin to circle. Not closing in, but just keeping very close vigil around. And you realize at this point that, while the city is welcoming, they are also a carefully guarded people. The crowd parts, and you see stepping out, with the tiniest of splashes, a very tiny woman. Old, shriveled, most of her hair is gone and these thin wisps of white and gray, a wide oval-like head, the skin itself an olive yellow tint. Very wrinkled and pruny, the eyes are almost these tiny little black beads. Gnome, very old, with a long staff that's twice her height that just kinda with each step (squishing splash) kinda like a weird female Water Ashari Yoda. And just kinda steps forward through the water-- "Yulan, you are not to greet our guests! Now, you. What is your name?" "Kaitiaki." "I am Uvenda, Heart of the Tides here. I had my own Aramente, long ago. And I knew your "mother who came for her Aramente, as well." "She came here for her own Aramente. "And now you come to complete what she could not. So--" "-- you are welcome, Keyleth of the Zephra." "She did not, child." "Come. Come. We shall speak, there is much to discuss, and it is growing cold out here, "and you could probably all use a warm fire. So? See to our guests!" And the folks around go from their tense reverie and begin to approach and take, like just instinctually taking your belongings, and helping you unload. You guys (laughs) withdraw, and they back off as soon as they realize that wasn't part of the circumstance. But you are led deeper into this city, and there is a central temple that has multi-layers. Three floors with a number of spiral staircases on the outside of the structure that lead to it. Each floor is still very open and you get the sense that this whole city is built around the flow of ocean air and sea spray. And there is almost like a constant breeze that just blows through. And a lot of the buildings are rounded at the edges. The heavy waves and water that just come through here has-- you can see rounded and brought curvature to all the structures for as long as the city's been around. There are elements of shell-type shapes, there are bits of ocean inspiration to the architecture, it's a very interesting, alien, and beautiful place compared to where you've been before. You're led into this temple structure in the center of this city, you're brought to a series of what look almost like tree stumps, but they're made of a bright, bleached white, almost spongy material. And as you sit on them, food is brought to you, fish, fresh cooked platters. You guys are now being treated like honored guests, as you arrive. As you sit down, Keyleth, Uvenda, has a servant bring a much taller sponged stool than the ones you guys have, and it's set in front of you, and she uses her staff and (grunts) pole-vaults on top of it, and sits, crosses her legs, and sets the staff off to somebody and kinda leans down with her hands in front, her chin resting on them, her little beady gnomish eyes looking down at you. "So, Keyleth, the Aramente is not easy." "Do you know what this leg of your journey entails?" "You are near the completion of the Aramente, this is true, and through this, "you will learn the strength of utilizing your own capabilities and those of your trusted allies. "You will learn various ways of looking at the difficulties and challenges that are before you. "And there are lessons as part of this, so listen carefully. For the final leg of your Aramente, "we will wait 'til the morning sun comes to these waters, "you and your compatriots will be brought down below the waves, below this city, to the Aerie of "Torrent, where the Vesrah rift resides to the Water Elemental Plane. The Aerie is where we "implant the lodestones that keep the village from sinking, and the rift size contained. The "lodestones, unfortunately, do wane in power over time, so we must occasionally cross into the rift, "and have our fastest Waverunners recover replacements within the Elemental Plane. "The source of the lodestones, in which we have built and maintained this city. But "the once-challenging path to these lodestones has now become deadly for all but our swiftest." "We would find these stones sparsely scattered throughout the plane, just beyond the "rift, leaving us uncertain of their origin for as long as we've been here. For generations, "they would just fall and sink to the bottom, or we'd scavenge them from the silt and sand "below. However, this last generation of Waverunners have discovered them to be a product. "Natural waste of a particular creature that resides within the boundless oceans of the plane. "An ancient beast, once guided upon creation by the Titans that claimed this world their own "before the gods came and gave light to our souls." "They are known in many languages, by many names, "but the common tongue knows to them as the krakens." "Humongous, tentacled beasts, long free of their servitude from their creators. One of these "such krakens has taken to the waters near the rift, and made it its home on the other side. "And this beast appears to have been producing the lodestones that we relied on for ages. This "research, and information they've gathered, however, garnished the attention of this terrible "fiend, and was accidentally led directly to the rift where it now nests, and feeds on the other "creatures naturally drawn to the energy of the tear between the worlds. We now use the lodestones "and our powers not only to control the merging of the planes at the rift, but to also prevent this "monstrosity from crossing over into our world and tearing our city asunder. Your task--" She puts a finger out to stop you. "--would be to descend into this Aerie of "Torrent, enter the rift, and recover three of these lodestones, and return to us. That is all. "Avoid the beast if possible, for to battle it is folly, and to kill it is to sink our city, "and curse the rift, to eventually fade." "Essentially, yes." (all laugh) "To use such base terms." "Yes. Often found within the vicinity of the rift, but such is the beast. Be quick, be careful, "be stealthy, and return as soon as you have them." "We will show you at the Aerie tomorrow in the morning." "Yes. Yes, I have." She swallows strongly. "Your mother was a brave woman, very much like you, now that I see "you before me. Unsure of herself, and wishing to please, and not disappoint. And it's hard to "ascertain but I fear it's perhaps that lack of confidence that may have caused her failure." "She brought her own companions, that she had found and brought with her along her path. "Our guides brought her to the rift, and her companions did not survive. Your mother did not "return, and we sent scouts to try and retrieve her body so she could be interred correctly, "but we only found a leg." "Hold onto that hope. Use it, and finish what she started. She lives through you at the "very least. Hold that memory." "Good. Then perhaps you have a chance." "You've come far, young Keyleth. I have faith that you will rise, and become the Voice of "the Tempest. For now, we rest. Eat. Sleep. For tomorrow, you face the pet of the Titans." And that's where we'll leave tonight's session. (laughs) Yeah! (laughs) That's kind of perfect. Nice job, you guys. All right. We'll bring this up next week on Thursday for the last leg of Keyleth's Aramente-- -- as the party might face a kraken! That'll be interesting. (laughs) All righty, guys. (all laugh) Wyrmwood for being awesome. We're gonna go ahead and rest. Oh, I forgot to mention. I will be on the Rollplay live anniversary game on Saturday. I'm actually flying up to Canada to go play with them in person. So-- (all cheer) That will be fun. Yeah! I get to play! SAM and Up in Canada, yeah. Yeah, that's how it works. With Brian. That will be fun. It is real! It's real! Anyway. Have a wonderful night, guys. Rest well. Laura, get up early.