Hello, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to this evening's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy voice actors sit around a table and play Dungeons & Dragons. If you are returning, welcome back. For those who it's their first time watching us live on the stream, welcome to the chaos. So, before I begin, a couple of quick notifications I want to give you guys. We had our first subscriber giveaway hit before the show started at 4,200. It was LL1973. Turn the mic around. Oh, now you can hear me. Look at this! The magic of live. Live communication. You have a wonderful view of this fantastic midsection. It's delightful. There we go. Is that better? Velcome. So, welcome to Critical Role, for those who didn't hear me before. D&D, voice actors, you know the drill now. So our first giveaway already happened tonight for the subscriber count at 4,200 to LL1973. Congratulations. You're going to be winning a signed Player's Handbook of Dungeons & Dragons Fifth Edition, as well as a signed photo of the Critical Role cast. Our next one will be at 4,250, so, up to every fifty subscribers after that we will be giving away an additional Player's Handbook and photo signed by the cast. Awesome times. (cheering) Indeed, very awesome times. I think so, indeed. Also, as a heads-up to you guys, there will be no Critical Role next week because the San Diego Comic-Con is happening. Down in San Diego. I know, we have a panel, though. We have a panel Thursday, I'll be on the main Geek and Sundry panel with Laura at 1-2 and then we have our actual full Critical Role panel from 4-5. So if you are going to be there, come see us at PetCo Park on Thursday. Nope, you can just come and walk on in. It's the big sports stadium, which to me is a wonderful irony of us giving a panel about Dungeons & Dragons in the center of a giant sports stadium. That's right! Indoor kids. However, however, they are also filming the panel for those who can't be there. The panel will be on the stream the following day, I believe, so check it out there, after, with the rest of the Comic-Con stream coverage. It'll be fun. Yeah, so that'll be good. The week after that, me and Marisha are going to be out of town in New Zealand, so this means a two-week period without Critical Role main-story stuff, and I apologize, this is all stuff that got planned before the stream even started. We'll be at a convention in New Zealand. For those out there planning to come to Armageddon, please come see us, we'll be down there. It'll be fun for all New Zealand fans. Otherwise, the rest of the Critical Role cast that are available will be here and will play some other sort of game together and generally interact with the chat and have a good time until we return. So. Yeah, we're getting the circumstance ironed out. MARISHA AND We have Liam on Skype over here. What's up, buddy? Liam, who's finishing up his vacation as well. As far as I understand, we have a-- Slowly migrating into expatriotism. Don't go Canadian on us. Yes. She is. On river time, there you go. That is-- that's a mug. So that's going on. Other things we want to mention. We'll have a special presentation at the break today. We're taking a break from the 826LA charity for another special charity that has been running for the past week known as GameChanger it's a cancer charity and it's been working in conjunction with SquareEnix this past week. To raise money for cancer research, they've been doing-- if you donate $1 to it they're giving away codes for the first Deus Ex game for PC and a lot of other fun stuff. We'll have more information and a presentation for you at the break. So be aware that's the fun charity we're promoting tonight, so if anyone has the ability to give, please do, they're an awesome charity. We're also waiting on Sam Riegel and Taliesin Jaffe, they're both fighting traffic but will be here shortly. However, let's go ahead and cut to the intro to give us a one-minute break, and then we'll jump right into this crazy, crazy episode. So see you in just a moment. [no audio] Well, while we get that figured out-- Apparently. Intro video's frozen. Also, this is, as opposed to making it a surprise, this'll be our last game for a little while with-- Don't say it-- okay. Okay, you're right. I'll hold off, all right. No, that's not true. Grog's ale still needs to be filled. Indeed. So we'll patiently wait, folks, pizza at the ready. Now. There is, yes. It'll be fine. If we're having an issue with the intro video, do you want to just go to the game? Grog! Goliath Barbarian. -- and we're done. Yeah. That was pretty good. No. And I disapprovingly look to my left. There you go. Real-time Critical Role. So I figure if the intro video's not working, let's not worry about it. Let's just jump into the game and get this started. How about that? Cool with that? What's up? Oh, well, we're waiting on the break, unless you want to do it now. Well, as far as I know we're on camera. Yeah, just the intro video's not working. Ah, welcome to the chaos of live internet. All right, so let's-- Let's jump in, guys. Let's jump in. So a little bit of overview for those of you who are just joining us. At this point in the story, Vox Machina, this intrepid band of adventurers, misfits, whatever you must call them, completed an adventure through the Underdark, a very dangerous, cavernous-- Oh, we're gonna let Sam in. All right, so after completing this Underdark challenge, they discovered and managed to extract an evil artifact known as the Horn of Orcus that held great power and seemingly has a partner somewhere in the world that is unknown. But the one they have acquired is indestructible, as far as folks know, and it was decided by the Council of Tal'Dorei and Vox Machina that it should be sealed away and hopefully forgotten for the rest of eternity. The best place to do so came up in the conversation to be the city of Vasselheim, which is on a different continent far to the northwest of Tal'Dorei, the kingdom where most of the story as to this point has taken place, to be sealed in what is referred to as the Platinum Sanctuary, the oldest existing temple to Bahamut, the good platinum dragon deity. So they were given passage on a skyship to cross the Ozmit Sea to Othanzia, the continent that houses the capital city, Vasselheim. So the group gathered together, rode on to the magically elevated skyship, and are traversing the ocean carrying the Horn of Orcus within this holy container. Hello! Sam has joined us. They found themselves over the ocean, suddenly attacked by a band of what seemed to be wyvern- and griffin-riding bandits. The battle took place on the top of the skyship, some of the magic being taken out, a few lives lost, but the party managed to persevere, take a captive, and continue on their journey, the Horn of Orcus and its container kept safe. And that's where we pick up and begin. No. All righty, so as you guys have settled in, the Horn safe, you've taken a couple more days on this journey, what was told to be about a six-day journey across the ocean, six to seven days. Is there anything you guys wish to accomplish at this moment? You are still in the air on the skyship. Yes. That you saved. She is a mage, and she has also been bound, at the orders of the captain, so as not to cause any issues on the ship while she's there. So as to her future, after your conversation with him, as to whether or not she could work on this ship, based on the fact that their first meeting involved her and her band attacking and trying to murder his entire crew, Captain Damon was not too keen on the idea at the time being and decided to lock her up. So. We shall see her fate in the near future. She has tricks, but there is an anti-magic brig built into the ship specifically for this purpose. (laughs) So. I'll say that Percy is continuing to read his book. The next few days pass without incident. Is there anything you want to accomplish? Anything? Go ahead and roll another percentage dice. Two d10s. First one and the second one. 38. The little bit of peach-fuzz stubble on the chin of your goliath face begins to slowly grow. It's coming out colorless. It's almost translucent with a hint of gray and white. SAM and A color is there. It's almost like fishing line is growing out of the bottom of his chin. Keep in mind, goliaths, predominantly-- especially pureblood goliaths-- do not grow facial hair. The fact that this magical feat is even achieving any modicum of growth is in itself an arcane marvel, and who knows what detrimental effects this may have in the long run, going against your physiology. All right. It takes you a lot of concentration to try and get any sort of braidage through the about an inch to inch and a half facial hair that is growing from his chin. What could possibly go wrong? (laughter) Yeah, you guys have rested. Days have gone by, your spells have returned to you-- Days have gone by at this time. You've continued traveling over the Ozmit Sea. I'll get to that in just a second. Do you have a question, Liam? (laughs) All righty. For this, go ahead and make a perception check with disadvantage. You wake up the following morning and immediately run to the nearest reflective surface to check on yourself, and you have a glorious, dark brown, well-braided, mildly frayed, thick, coarse goatee braid. It goes about a good three to four inches from the bottom of your chin. And you are very proud. It stays taut on your chin. All right, so as you reach the middle of the sixth day of travel, the sky, which up to this point had been fairly sunny and clear, begins to slowly cloud over. The weather grows more gray, and the clouds themselves seem to cluster more into-- I wouldn't say a stormfront, but definitely a more gloomy atmosphere. Certainly. All right. Looking at these clouds, it is a slow formation, and they aren't moving at an unnecessary speed or seem to have any ominous press towards you. It just seems like the weather itself towards this northern continent seems to be of a colder variety. Okay. The weather is cold. Okay. It's the strangest wall you've constructed, as up in the air on the ship that is mostly constructed out of iron and metal, there is little to no stone available of which you can sprout a Wall of Stone. However, there are weights set up on top, so what you create is less of a smooth Wall of Stone and more of a very thin, brittle shale wall that may function for the time being, but probably won't stand up for more than five to ten minutes. All right. The shale wall cracks. (laughter) The Ioun Stone which you had taken, you place by your head and release. It seems to fix itself in the air and slowly rotate above your head. Almost held in its own orbital gravity around your head. (laughs) Sarenrae. The she-bro you never had. (laughter) Many a cart hold that bumper sticker. All right, so as this conversation comes to a close, the temperature in the sky has gotten noticeably chillier. And you swear for an instant you start seeing what looks like specks of white snow beginning to drift from the clouds ahead. "Land sighted!" A voice breaks out from the side of the ship's bow. You guys glance over quickly to the edge of the skyship, and you see, right over the edge of Deera, what looks to be this ominous continent slowly approaching. Through the mists, the low clouds of this area, you can make out what looks to be a fairly heavily wooded and overgrown landscape. You can see dark forest peppered with a little bit of snowfall across the top. Occasional mountaintops and peaks breaking through the canopy of the distant forest. Trinket looms up to the side and looks a bit chilly and shakes it off. At which point, Kima comes up and joins the rest of you. Puts her elbows over and looks off wistfully for a second and goes, (sighs) "It's been some time. Welcome to Othanzia, folks. It's an interesting place." She points off, says, "This forest here we refer to as the Vesper Timberland, and it goes for "miles and miles and miles before bleeding into endless tundra to the north, so let's hopefully "not travel that far." (sighs) "This'll be interesting." And she turns around and heads back down into the ship. As you continue-- As the ship slowly begins to descend, you can see, in the distance, from one of the various mountain ranges that break past the top, there is one singular mountain spire that tends to protrude from the center of the forest, about 20 to 30 miles off the shoreline of the Ozmit Sea. Around the base of this mountain, you can see, the closer you get to it, what looks like hundreds upon hundreds of stone buildings. You can see little details along the mountainside. Countless staircases are spiraling up this mountain in different directions in a chaotic fashion. There are large structures, fortresses, built into the side of this mountain spire as you progress up the top. And this city proper, which spreads out, I'd say, about a third larger than Emon. Layers of walls and walls and walls. This is probably the most-fortified city you've seen in your existence up to this point. Slowly it begins to bring itself down towards-- and you can see, as you get closer to the city, the walls vary in color and material. Some look recently built. Some look like they'd been constructed in the past 50 to 60 years or so from fine, smooth stone, using modern architectural techniques. Some walls look extremely ancient, partially crumbled and having to be refortified. You also notice the top of these walls are completely covered with what looks like these strange dragon-headed ballistae. These defense ballistae that are along every single row of walls. This is a city that is meant to withstand-- -- any sort of a siege or onslaught. It's hard to tell from this distance. You're just starting to pick up details as the ship slowly descends into the city of Vasselheim proper. But from what you can tell, there are scars across some of the larger buildings. Some of the walls look like they have sections that have been knocked down and then rebuilt and then knocked down and then rebuilt. This is a very, very old, old city. Slowly, the ship descends towards what looks like a smoothed-out, flattened platform on top of some mill of some kind. It doesn't look like it's built for skyship purposes, more than it's been haphazardly put together to receive a skyship should it come to the city. But it looks like that type of travel doesn't come to this area too often. At this point in time, you can see now, the crew is gathering their ropes, they're getting ready to go ahead and lower it down. Captain Damon is slowly steering and shouting directions back and forth to his deckhands. The Scalebearers and Kima come up to the top of the ship, carrying the box that contains the Horn of Orcus, as well. As the ship slowly makes its way to dock on the top of this mill, Kima, who has all of her materials over her shoulder, says, "All right, so. It's everyone's "first time here in the city?" "All right." Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It's pretty chilly as you come down. I mean, you wear furs naturally in cold environments, but this is-- the temperature's to the point where you may have to consider getting a little bit of warmer clothing if you travel too far outside of the city. So she pulls out the really nice, thick-- Yeah. We'll say you could probably put it over. It will just look a little chunky. And you gird them well. You look like the tiniest Turkish wrestler you've ever seen. It's kind of adorable. Okay. So mark that down, you have a third-level Lightning Bolt saved. You still used the spell slot, but after you rest, it'll be safe inside there. Which is an interesting experience, you see him do this arcane finger wiggle in the air, and then he releases what is a burst of electrical energy that immediately funnels itself and vanishes into the stone, which is now humming with this low pulsing glow of greenish-blue light. It is a white stone, but the energy glowing off it is greenish in color. Eventually the ship comes to a stop. You feel a little bit of a lurching sensation as the ship suddenly halts its advancing. All the ropes get dropped off the sides. They start bringing what looks to be some sort of a haphazard crane also, in preparation for Trinket to be lowered off the ship. You can see, there's a look of-- I can't describe it better than anxiousness to Kima. She says, "If you have any questions about the city, just speak up and I'll do my best." "I believe--" And she looks over the edge of the ship. "I believe our escorts will be happy to "guide us." On? Go for it. Okay, and what are you trying to glean off of her? You can probably take it as a little bit of being in a hurry, but you also get the feeling like-- there's a nervousness to her that stems-- it's hard to really tell where it comes from, but there is a nervousness to her. "Proper? That would be eight years." "Of which-- we are about to meet them." "Yes. Yes. They're just, well." (laughs) "You'll see." And she leaps over the side of the ship, grabbing the rope, and lowers herself down, as do the rest of the-- the two Scalebearers come down in tandem, clutching the chain on the sides of the box, bringing it down almost like a big Jacob's ladder. Eventually, you all make your way onto the platform, and they're waiting for you. You see there's a cluster of well-armored men and women, wearing semi-matching gray tabards over patchwork and plated armor. They look like a really rough-and-tumble militia, but they all stand firm and as you guys walk up, they give a nod of respect and understanding. Amongst them, you see one gentleman, an elderly gentleman with no hair, completely bald, thick spectacles on the tip of his nose, wearing the same silver and blue robes as the envoys that met you at the Council of Tal'Dorei, the ones that are carrying the box. As you all approach, Kima steps out ahead and says, "Yonn. It's been a while." The old man steps forward. "It has been, indeed, Kima. It has, indeed. And that's "Scalebearer Yonn, if you don't mind--" "I would prefer in mixed company the proper niceties of our presentation." "Hm. And you are?" He cocks his head curiously. "Very well." Percy introduces himself, as well. He gives you the most curious look of all, which is hard to follow off of Scanlan over here. "And I'm to understand these are the bearers of the artifact?" Kima gives a nod. "Yes, and I think "we should be on our way quickly." "Yes, yes, of course. Please. These are our escorts. Follow "suit. We will bring you onward to the Platinum Sanctuary proper to dispose of this thing." "No more than a 25-minute walk." LAURA and You may. All right. Do you want to ask around about that? Okay. Well, first off, you finish your insight check. What did you roll? Okay. He seems stuffy. He seems definitely dedicated to whatever his intent is, but there doesn't seem to be anything deceptive in his speech. "Yes?" "Well, up until now, other than myself, you travelers, and the Highbearer Vord himself, no one else." "Vord. The Highbearer of the Platinum Dragon." You hear when he mentions Vord, Kima twitches a little bit, and you remember Kima's official title is Lady Kima of Vord. LAURA AND "Scalebearer Yonn, yes." "There are none." "This city, arcane magic for the most part, is not allowed within consistent practice. This is "a divine, a holy place." "And the arcane tends to, ah. How do you say, when unwatched, corrupt and destroy from the "inside. " "This here in Vasselheim, the cradle of faith, the Dawn City, of once all civilization and "current faith once stemmed from. There is no way in but by foot. It is a pilgrimage, a journey for "each to come here, and those that stay, stay of their own will and divine right." And as he refers to the guards, each guard you see now has around their neck a very visibly shown holy symbol of some kind of deity. Most seem to fall-- -- into the realm of Arathis, Avandra, Melora, and a couple with Bahamut. None of-- None of Sarenrae. "No, and frankly you're making me a bit nervous." "However, as we ourselves are followers of the Platinum Dragon, we understand that it is "dragonkind at the heart of it, the metallics, that bring life and civilization and order to this "world." "Your color I find off-putting." "I have heard of the Stormwinds, yes." Okay. He gives you a curious look and goes-- "I would be mindful to not do such things so openly in public in the future." "Ahem." And he kind of adjusts his robe. "This way please, follow me." And Scalebearer Yonn leads you-- You're stepping off the platform onto a staircase that leads off of the top of the mill. All right. All right, so. Okay. As you-- All right, all right. Go ahead and make a stealth check. All right, ah, if you wouldn't mind, Vex, making a stealth check as well? Just to keep your rooftop activity inconspicuous. Okay. No. Not in this terrain, unfortunately. So as you loudly clomp up and begin rooftop-hopping, a few individuals in the city kind of take notice and they point up, which by the way-- Ah, the classic Vex wink. All right, so. Just you guys-- kind of atmosphere, as you step down the staircase and get to the main city street proper, the first thing you notice, the roads themselves are not cobblestone, are not brick, they are mud. They are thick, recently sleeted mud. You hear the clomping of horse hooves as carts are pulled through and each one is a sickly (squelch) sound as each footstep makes it through. The people of this city are a very hardened and rugged folk. Most clothing is swathed in furs and thick leathers, armor is patchwork in itself, most of the men grow coarse facial hair and the women themselves, their hair is wild and their appearance very stoic and grizzled. The landscape of Vasselheim-- oh, thank you kindly. Delivery of our chicken. The people who live here, you gather, quickly walking through-- and Kima gives you a bit of insight as well-- live here not because it's easy to live, not because there's many comforts, it's a very harsh living in the city of Vasselheim. But the city is also currently the oldest known bastion of civilization in the world. As far as it's understood, most human civilization, and a lot of humans believe pre-elf and pre-dwarf, although the dwarves and elves very staunchly disagree, all stemmed from this city, which is believed to be tens of thousands of years old. They have uncovered the single oldest temples to the main deities of good and neutrality within this city, and as such it is considered the holiest place in the modern world, which is why it has been through many, many wars and has seen much warfare and strife and difficulty. And those that live here live here because they feel that they can fight against this, and they actually call it a privilege to exist in this harsh landscape as devotion to their respective deities. Also, because it is such a holy place, this is why the arcane is considered, for the most part, profane in public and very carefully controlled otherwise. The buildings look old-- The buildings range from old to newer stone, warped wood from just the weather itself. You can see a lot of the wood has a kind of mossy texture to it just from the general overgrowth that tends to take the city. It's not kept for beauty, it's kept for function. There's scars across most of the buildings where you can see warfare has bled into the city, and there are markings and various points of ancient damage and certain structures that have not been rebuilt, that have just been left in ruin where they stand, because they have not yet found somebody or a purpose to be restructured. It's a very different landscape than what you're used to, and the walk itself is a very solemn, quiet walk through the city. The folks that do take notice just kind of give a nod of acknowledgement or a gruff grunt as they pass by. There doesn't seem to be a definite interest in your travel, this isn't a special occasion. It seems like travelers and strange occurrences are not that unnatural in this city. You could say that, yeah. It's a very ancient New York. You are carrying the platinum box that the Horn was kept in. It's approximately like a foot and a half, or two feet by two feet. Yes, it is made of like solid platinum and silver with a series of very, very intricate scrolling and engravings on it. Yes, yes. Best you can tell, there are people taking notice of it, but none that like stop and gawk, they just kind of, "huh." Keep walking. You could if you want to, now. The guards still flanking you guys, surrounding this ensemble as it presses towards the base of the mountain. You make your way towards the edge of the mountain, or where the mountain begins at the bottom of the floor, and you can see dozens of staircases ascending the outskirts of this giant pointed cragless spire that just sticks up into, actually, the clouds cut off the top of it. It's reminiscent of Gatshadow, the mountain outside of Westruun that you guys traveled to long ago. But even larger. You continue up this staircase, and the stonework itself is a little lopsided and awkward, and with each step sometimes you have to kinda catch yourself, especially as the wind begins to pick up the higher up the mountain you go, and it takes about 15 to 20 minutes to ascend this staircase. Your legs begin to grow a little sore, until eventually you reach the base of what you can only imagine is the Platinum Sanctuary. You see before you, built into the side of the rock of this mountain, a grand stone fortress that looks older than time in itself. You can see the elements have weathered to the point where even the solid points and how the stonework was meant to be an edge has been rounded and smoothed down. There are a series of silver markings across the outskirts of it, which Tiberius, you recognize as Draconic. Certain words in Draconic-- You see phrases emblazoned on the side of this giant temple that say things like "honor, justice." Various, very old base Draconic stuff. The current language is a more refined version. This is a very, very ancient basis of that language. On the top of this fortress, you see three constructs that don't match the stone structure. These may have been constructed or built many years later and have been added onto the temple. But three ivory and silver spires, towers that ascend from the top of the fortress itself, almost parallel to the very steep mountainside that this fortress is built into. You come to the front doors of this structure. Two very, very large gray stone doors with almost what looks like white marbling through them, and you can see, mostly worn away but still barely visible, the symbol of a shield with a dragon head emblazoned on the front of it, the symbol of Bahamut. As the Scalebearer-- yes, that there-- as the Scalebearers approach the front, the doors, on their own, and open to the interior, the grinding sound of stone across the marble flooring of the fortress proper. You can see the interior. Did you have a question? You can see now as the doors begin to open. Oh, yes! You-- Go for it. Best you can tell, there are for the makeshift guards in the city-- which, you've heard them referred to as Bastions, they're all volunteers, and actually from what you gather here, probably a quarter of the populace are Bastions. So they have a very, very heavy civilian-based militia that guards this city. Yes. No, no, not the envoys, the envoys' come from the temple of Bahamut, they have the blue and silver robes. You see, they're just wearing makeshift patchwork armor, whatever that could be scavenged or constructed to outfit a militia, essentially. You see them going up and down every which staircase, just doing various passes and patrolwork. Some of them have spyglasses and you see them looking off in the distance, and as you're getting higher up the mountain, too, you look out about, and you can see the entire forest around you. Very thick, ominous, and you swear every now and then you can see some trees move suddenly and heavily before coming to rest in the distance. The rest of you are entering the temple. Keyleth is not there. The doors close behind you. The eagle flies out of the city. Yeah, I mean, the temple, would you like to enter the temple with the rest of the group? All right. So just as the doors are closing, you rush out of your subtle following pattern and, wait, and put your hands up and manage to make your way into the temple right before the doors close, catching up with the rest of the group. Keyleth, make a perception check. All right. It's hard to see much of anything because the canopy of this forest is so dense and so thick, and the snowfall itself, which is getting stronger through the air, and is kind of obscuring some of your vision, but you glance down and you see another set of trees shift suddenly about a quarter-mile away from the city's walls. And you can see on the edge of the city wall a number of guards are beginning to swarm up to the ballista and starting to load them and prepare them. You glance down, and all you see are something fast-moving beneath the canopy, something large. Something you can swear you see it looks serpentine-like. But multiple serpentine-like bodies or forms. And then it's gone in a second. You see a couple ballista set loose. The bolts go flying through the air, entering the forest. You can hear a loud screeching sound, and a few dozen forests now begin to shake to the side as the creature makes its way away from the city before going still in the distance. You get the sensation that this is a-- -- a common occurrence. The temple-- You make your way-- There are small-- they are not windows, more than they are slits for arrow defense. You as Keyleth could squeeze through. It would be one of those things where you have to careen in, transform, and then squeeze through. Which you do, and as you do, you come right into the face of a spear right there-- -- as another one of the Platinum Dragon guards says, "Who goes there?" Another guard begins to approach from the side. Make a persuasion check. You're not there, Grog. Yeah. Sorry, Miss Charisma. The guy holding the spear to you keeps it there. The other guy walks up behind and says, "Let me see your hands." "Let me see your hands." He takes your hands, pulls out a set of shackles-- -- and locks them on. The guy with spear turns behind you and just holds it to your back as the gentleman who just cuffed you grabs the chain between and starts pulling you towards the main chamber. He leads you down the stairway to an area where it opens up into a small courtyard, takes you to the right of the courtyard into a central chamber, where the rest of Vox Machina is currently being led. Yeah, you guys all see her being led in, in cuffs, essentially. At this point, Kima turns and says, "She's with me." And both the Scalebearers go, "Lady Kima, I am so sorry." And they go ahead and take the cuffs off real fast and pull the spear back and step back. They back off and bow deeply and escort themselves off, embarrassed. All right. Scalebearer Yonn continues to lead you through this main chamber. And this chamber, like I said, it's the temple. It's strange, because most temples you've seen to Bahamut or many other deities are extravagant or are, you know, built with a modern-day sense of architecture. This is a very plain, simple stone fortress. It's hard to grasp what time it was built, but just the smell itself seems very ancient. There's a scent of dust and age, and functionality to its construct. But there's still a sense of power to it. Especially you, Pike, where you're sensitive to divine energy. This whole place is humming with it. Even though it's not the kind you're used to connecting with. This is-- When they say this is a holy place, you can feel it. At which you feel a nudge at your side and it's an armored elbow from Kima, saying, "If you "wouldn't mind holding off on the fraternizing in the temple of Bahamut, I would really appreciate it." At which point Scalebearer Yonn is now at the second set of double doors and he presents his holy symbol above his chest, it glows a second, and what was originally just smooth stone doors, you see a divine glow and the symbol of Bahamut you saw at the front of the temple appear for a moment, and then as it vanishes the two doors open on their own into a central worship chamber. This is a much larger domed room. It looks like it goes up about 80 feet to the top of the ceiling, and the dome itself has what looks like an extremely ancient, detailed drawing, like Sistine Chapel-style, the tale of the entirety of creation. You see all the elemental planes represented in the corners, the theoretical corners, where corners would be in a domed room. You can see a crude representation of how all the planes lay over each other, you can see the Astral Plane, you can see where the Nine Hells would exist, and the Abyss itself, and in the center there's the Prime Material Plane, and across it you see a giant image of the great platinum dragon Bahamut drawn in all of his glory, currently snapping down on one of the throats of a multi-headed dragon. This other dragon, with five different heads of five different chromatic colors, and this struggle between what you know to be Bahamut and Tiamat. Tiamat. You gather. Indeed. Not from the artwork. It's very pretty. And actually, you've seen this art piece in a book. It's been a long time, but you know that this has been studied before and exists somewhere in Draconia, the tome that talks about this exact temple. At which point both Yonn and Kima and the Scalebearers kind of turn to you with a look of-- kind of understanding that you don't quite know, but also the fear and the knowledge that-- they don't say anything, they just give you a look that says, yes, very much so. They continue walking. Now, the floor of this chamber, which is a very simple stone, you can see there are small sculptures, each one representing some sort of a humanoid entity dressed in similar robes to the other envoys and members of this temple that you've encountered thus far. Some of them are in full armor, some are wearing just robes, and they're very, very old. Some of them seem a little more recent, and you gather these each have some sort of cultural or religious significance to this temple. However, one of these is not a statue. In the center of this worship chamber, which is strangely, eerily quiet, there is one humanoid that turns to the rest of you. What you see before you is a slender, elven male draped in long, white robes that drag a few feet behind his form across the ground. He has jet-- not jet, stark-white hair that is slicked back against his head, no facial hair, frail but very handsome features. Elves, when they age, they age very gracefully-- -- and from the look of most elves you've seen, this is a very old elf that has aged very gracefully. He turns to the rest of you and you see across his neck a very, very well-crafted, intricate series of draconic symbols that finishes with a giant emblem of Bahamut himself. His voice rings out and echoes throughout the hallway as you approach, each footstep echoing as you get closer. "Welcome, everyone, to the Platinum Sanctuary. I am called Highbearer Vord." "Keeper of this most holy of places. I received word from a disciple of mine--" At which Kima has now stepped forward, and bows, kneels before him and says, "Your holiness." At which he looks down with a smile. "Ah, Kima. I am pleased to see you. It has been a long time, my disciple." He looks up to the rest of the group. "I understand you carry something of terrible omen. "Let us discuss how to be rid of it. Please. Present the container." The Scalebearers step forward and set the container on the ground. They go to reach for it and he goes, "No no no. Do not open it." And he kind of takes a second and holds his symbol to his chest and closes his eyes, and you can see this kind of divine glow pulse off of him for a second. She goes, "Shh, shh." The box begins to pulse with the divine light as well, and then suddenly vanishes and he kind of (gasps) catches his breath. "It is as you said. This must be sealed immediately." He gives a look to the rest of the group here, and you can see there's a noticeable bead of sweat he kind of wipes off his forehead. "I just needed to confirm that this was not some "haphazardly constructed fake or some other artifact mistaken for such a horn, but we indeed "have within our presence one of the Horns of Orcus, and this does not bode well." "Thankfully--" "No, please. What do you want to say?" "No, but we know that these exist. A few of us do; the knowledge itself has been lost to time "intentionally. It was brought to my attention, and through discussions with the Council that sent you "on this journey, that this would be the safest place to seal such an artifact, and amongst all "our other options, as of this time, I see no other choice. So. What's been proposed. Allow me to "explain to you the plan. One of our most divine relics of our most beloved protector Bahamut was "kept deep beneath this temple, within the mountain we rest against. The Star of Exaltation, a crystal "born from the tear Bahamut shed for the sacrifices his first devoted made in the Great War of the "Beginnings, the Dawn War. This item was unfortunately lost nearly 300 years ago, giving "the last of its power to protect this very Vasselheim. The intervention it brought from our "great deity expended and left the artifact destroyed. Since the chamber that held this Star, "a blessed and ever-watched nexus beneath the gaze of the Great Platinum Dragon Himself, has gone "empty, we've tended to it. We've kept it fairly well-watched and in the state it was originally "constructed for. And we think no greater location to seal such a deeply-rooted evil exists within "our spheres of influence or any other. Unfortunately, the last time the chamber was "cleansed and prepared was some 15 years ago. Our curate tasked one of our own Scalebearers--" And he looks over towards Yonn, who sheepishly backs away. "-- was tasked with preparing it for "your arrival, and the artifact's, and it was found that the lower chambers have been infested with "some manner of foul subterranean spider creature." "Our Scalebearer fled." At which point Yonn leaves the entire conversation and exits the room. You hear Kima kind of give a spit in his direction. "Not all of them, but apparently in his haste to escape and defend himself, he set a few of them to aid his escape." You hear no response other than the pitter-patter of steps. "He's been with us for many, many years, and he has great heart and devotion. Though addled may "be his mind, he does bring much to the temple." "It was destroyed during a siege of the city." "The War of the Beginnings." "Well that, oh, I'm sorry. It was created in the War of the Beginnings." "It was lost in a battle, a siege of the city of Vasselheim 300 years ago." "That had no particular name." "It was one of the sieges and there was--" Yes. There it is. He glances towards you and says, "Oh, that is but one of many." "Let it be known that this temple is extremely well-guarded. It is continuously under "the gaze of our patron deity and while some of the defenses have been put in place for your arrival, "if the entirety of the vault is triggered, there is nothing that will make its way there "unannounced." "The Scalebearers will bring it with you." "Keep them safe." "We can enter the chamber under very specific circumstances. We, at the time, requested "the use of the Star of Exaltation as a divine focus--" "-- a ritual that required the intervention of Bahamut to keep the city safe." "It wasn't clumsy and lost. It was used as a focus in the ritual." "It was by the will of Bahamut Himself that the Star no longer was required to exist on this plane." "It served its purpose." So you take a moment and kind of zone out for a second. You do not sense any dragons in the immediate vicinity of the six-mile radius of the city, no. "Lest this artifact be left longer in the open, which I would not be comfortable with." "I would prefer this be taken care of immediately." "You want a monetary reward--" "-- for your aid." "The temple can provide a sum of three thousand gold pieces." "Entirely. Three thousand gold pieces for your trouble on this journey." At which Kima steps forward and says, "Highbearer, we do not need to take money from--" You make a persuasion roll. You make a deception roll. (laughs) No, he won't. "Three thousand gold, at your disposal, to bring about and to share in the prosperity of your "people back home." "Once the artifact is delivered and sealed." As you all turn, Kima goes, "I'll show you to the vault room." "Yes, I'm coming with you." She glances over at you. (sarcastically) "Shall we, holy man?" (laughter) As you guys are walking out of the chamber, the doors close behind, she turns to you and says, "Is that why you were blessed with such a temporarily swollen appendage before?" "Let us be on our way." She kind of walks off, flustered and frustrated. You guys are led down two layers. This actual temple recedes further and further into the mountain, until you're led into what seems to almost be a storage basement. It's a very musty smell. It's old earth-- Yeah, it kind of has that moldy scent to it. There are five guards stationed in this storage vicinity, and as you approach, they all stand up. They're all still wearing ceremonial armor, two of which you can see are really well-armed, one with a greatsword and one with a longsword at the side. They look pretty prestigious to be assigned to a basement this terrible. "Of course, of course." Kima kind of gives you a look, shrugs, and, "To be perfectly honest, I have not been within "the vault." 26 for? Perception for traps? All right. As you slowly begin to descend the stairway, you keep an eye out across the staircase itself and any of the surrounding walls. The stonework here is also extremely ancient, marking probably a similarity to the most ancient of buildings you've seen in this city. This subterranean structure is probably one of the older parts of this temple. You don't see anything trap-wise. The stairway eventually comes to an end into a chamber about 50 feet by 50 feet. It's very, very low light. There appear to be-- Okay. The brief moment of light, before your eyes can really focus in, there's a flash of light at the end of Tiberius's staff, and the room actually gets harder to see. You see there is a thick white mist that just kind of hangs in the air throughout the entirety of this room. Okay. You dispel the Light. Your eyes adjust a little bit, and you can see what looks like-- this room, for the most part, doesn't have any sort of details. There are a couple of sconces with low, flickering light that are embedded in the side of the walls of this 50 foot by 50 foot room. It's about 20 feet high. Okay. Which spell is this? Okay, so you cast Gust of Wind. The mist that was filling this room blows out the other side and you can see, the room is a little more visible now. There's still a light mist on the sides, but the center of the walkway is clear for a second. You see now in the center of the room what were initially just dark spots in the mist, there are two pillars that are attached from ceiling to floor, roughly about 20 feet apart from each other, kind of in the center of each side of the room. Each pillar is solid gray stone with what looks like intricately carved small dragons almost curling and wrapping around the statues. Each one of their heads kind of turned, mouth opened kind of angrily in different directions. You guys, both of you guys make perception checks. Mm-hm. So looking about, Liam-- Sorry, Vax. You notice the base of each one of these pillars is not flush with the floor. There is a slight gap, meaning there is some sort of a rotation or a pivot to these pillars. You notice that these mouths of the dragons seem to be what's creating this white mist, and as time progresses, the mist begins to refill up the room rather quickly. Looks like mist. Okay. You guys are still at the stairway. The mist has now filled the room again in front of you. Okay. As this conversation has continued-- let's say about 30 or 40 seconds has gone by in transferring the earrings and the discussion, so there's still a little bit of-- there is a clear pathway in the center there. Okay. You all start running through. You're running through with them and keeping concentration on your spell. Okay. You continue forward, and as you're rushing through the group, not paying attention, you gently hit the edge of the mist barrier with your shoulder, as you're rushing to the side instinctually to stealth along the wall. As your shoulder breaks the mist-- All of the dragon mouths burst into bright fiery flame and begin spinning rapidly in the room. The people that are in the center running through right now, which include Keyleth, Scanlan, Tiberius, and Pike, all of you guys make dexterity saving throws. You have. Dex save, yes. 18? All right. Hmm. Scanlan? 13. All right. All right. Okay. As the flames just burst out throughout the room, tearing into the air with this reddish-white flame, both Vax and Tiberius manage to try and dodge out of the way as best they can, only receiving, each of them-- 12 points of fire damage to each of you. You take none. So you take zero damage, you take 12. No, 24 total. You take half. Scanlan, Keyleth, and Pike all take 24 points of fire damage. You guys move through-- that's the four of you guys. Percy, Grog, and Vex and Trinket are all behind, as they watch the flames burst out and they all kind of stop their inertia, and now the mist slowly fills up the room. About the time that your spell wears off for the first minute. You guys are split right now, with the bearers, the Scalebearers. They're with you, yeah. Oh, no. Burning the second spell slot. (wind noise) The mist clears itself. Now that you're aware of what it does, you're very careful to direct it towards the center and leave an open path. The rest of you rush through, including the Scalebearers, in the minute you have. The wind is blowing in your face from Keyleth's position. It's kind of like stepping into the force of a hurricane. You have to put your hand in front of you to see-- It's a very, very tiny shield. It protects this much of your face. Your eyes are fine. The rest of your robes are still (windblown cloth sounds). You guys all make your way across the room. You then finish your spell and the mist immediately fills up and completely obfuscates that room behind you once more. You're now in what is a ten-foot-wide chamber for an additional-- a tunnel or hallway-- for another 20 feet before it opens up into another room, but there is no light source in there whatsoever. You, with Light on your staff again, you kind of step ahead to-- All right, so as Vex releases her arrow, light bursts forth from the wooden shaft as it arcs across the room. As it does, you can see the room. As compared to the previous one that was square in shape, this one is circular. It is almost a cylinder in its design. Go ahead and make a perception check. Okay. Okay. You notice that across this floor of the circular room, there are these circles marked across the entirety of the surface here. Hm? Opposite side, there is actually a much larger opening and what looks to be another staircase that descends. This one is 20 feet wide. It's a very wide staircase from what you're used to seeing, especially in these structures. No doorway. It's open. It just descends down below. And the only way you can tell is that the arrow arcs across-- So as you guys are about to go, "Wait!", Vax is already off. Clicks the boots. The arcane magic of the Boots of Haste kick into his body. He leaps forward. Make an acrobatics check. All right. You leap forward. Your hand touches the first circle in the room. As it does, there's suddenly a large shift in the room. All of a sudden, the hand which you had purchase on slides out from underneath you. You catch yourself on your feet, but now suddenly there's a loud grinding sound and the entire room seems to be shifting, moving, spinning in its own right, and you instinctually feel something moving towards you very quickly. Make a dexterity saving throw, Liam. So. You barely manage to move out of the way before that circular portion of the ground skyrockets up like a pillar-- one very similar to the one that you created for your spell-- slams into the ceiling with a heavy thud, retracts, and continues again. In fact, looking around you, all of them in the room are now, at different levels, pistoning into the ceiling. (repeated crashing rock noises) This entire room is slowly rotating and there's just a series of pillars mashing into the ceiling. You have to make an acrobatics check to try and get through this now because you have very little space to move. (laughs) 18. You manage to make your way halfway across the room, dodging out of the way as these pillars are slamming and retracting. Kind of use the pattern of when they're pulling down from the ceiling, but they're moving very fast. One of them manages to catch you underneath your ankle. Go ahead and make a dexterity saving throw again. 15. All right. It catches you, takes you off of your balance, and it rockets you towards the ceiling. You manage to pull most of your body out of the way in time, but it still catches the back of your shoulder blade. You take 40 points of crushing damage. As you are slammed into the ceiling. And as the pillar retracts, you roll off with a heavy wheeze of pain. (groan) Catching onto your feet again. Make one more acrobatics check. What was that? 23. 23. You manage to-- in the severe pain you're feeling, you can tell there's probably some serious bruising in there and you probably broke a couple of ribs, but you manage to just barely dodge and leap out of the way, making your way across the room to where the staircase descends, out of the immediate danger. The rest of you now are standing on the opposite side of this room, which is currently a rotating grinding mill. All right, make a perception check. 25. You can see, in the ceiling, in the very, very center of the room, precariously placed right where one of the pillars in the center slams into the ceiling, there appears to be a small quarter-sized hole, gold piece-sized hole in the ceiling. It's in the middle of the room. In the ceiling, where-- Oh, no, it's still going. The pillars are still slamming into the roof. And that one hole you see is right where one of the pillars slams into the roof. You only see it intermittently when the pillar retracts. You can. This is a hard shot because it's at an angle now. We're talking, this is Robin Hood-level split-the-arrow. Because you have to hit it and then ricochet upward to see if it'll have any effect. Ability checks. It's not going to help for an attack. This would be an attack. As you offer the beard, it tears off. Mark in your inventory, you now have Fake Grog Rope Beard. (laughs) It will come into play. Essentially, yeah. To do-- All right, and you're going to-- And with that, you feel your focus, you wait, you breathe in, you breathe out, you breathe in, you breathe out in pattern with the slamming of the piston against the ceiling. You let out all your breath and you hold, hold, hold, waiting between heartbeats, and then (twwt), release. Go ahead and make your attack roll. Yes, you do. Plus a d10. As you release the arrow, you see the pillars slamming. The pillar comes down just as the arrow crests over it, past another pillar that just barely manages to miss it by a segment. So. As the pillar pulls down, the arrow goes cascading forward. Go ahead and make a d20 roll with the +5 modifier. 17? Okay. So as the arrow makes its way, it ricochets off the bottom edge of the actual hole and immediately bends itself upward, the shaft bending. As it begins to start heading up the hole, there's a sudden force of arcane energy that slams it even harder up into the top of this tiny little slit. As it goes up there, you hear what sounds like a splintering of wood and metal. Then you hear metal grinding. You start seeing bits and chunks of grinding metal begin to pour out of the hole and the pillars begin to (scraping stone). Eventually coming to a halt. Pretty damn close to impossible. All right. You can. We're going to go ahead and stop here. You're now taking a short rest. You guys take a moment. If you want to go ahead and heal up using any of your hit dice, you're able to, Vax. And on that note, we're going to go ahead and take our five-minute break here, guys. While the party takes a short rest, we're taking a five-minute rest. We've got to be done by ten tonight with the stream, so. So we're going to take a five-minute break. Orion, if you want to go ahead and come over, we're going to go ahead and give you guys-- yes, sir? Okay, yeah, so we're going to go ahead and introduce our guests and give them an overview of the charity that we have currently on the stream tonight. I'm going to pass this over to Orion. Come on over. Gonna enjoy my chickens. Yes! By the way, our T-shirts are on Teespring. We'll have six more days. All right, guys, we'll see you in a little bit. Meanwhile, take it away. Welcome back. Paula Konito, congrats! (laughs) That's so awesome. Yeah! Thank you guys so much. The Critters are strong. The Critters are legion. It's amazing the things we can do. All righty, so! Back into the fray. You guys, after finishing your short rest, healing up various wounds in that circumstance-- You make your way, playing a fancy little ditty on the flute. You make your way down this long, long staircase. You continue down for, I'd say, probably a good hundred feet or so before you start encountering, I'll say, a mild change in the scenery, at least. What was normally just a musty hallway is becoming thicker and thicker coated with large spiderwebs. You manage to push through and cut through, but it gets to the point where it's just so matted you guys are having to bushwhack your way through as if you had a machete. Scalebearer Vorak gives kind of a curious look to your question. Scalebearer Desona looks to you and says, "No, I don't believe they exist in this region. Nor this close to the surface, as far "as I know." Yes, they're getting thicker and thicker. Okay. Very cool. So, Tiberius steps forward and breathes a heating breath of dragon fire out of his mouth. As it cascades forward, burning through the nearby webs, he casts a secondary spell and captures it and begins to shape it, almost like it's a fiery clay in the middle of the air. And he utilizes it in a very similar way to how he uses Telekinesis and begins to use that rolling fire to burn through the webbing as you guys continue down the stairway. It also leaves a terrible stench. Burning web has this awful kind of-- It's similar. Burnt hair with burnt plastic, if you can think of it-- it's awful. This is more for your own player knowledge, sensory knowledge. (laughter) All right, so Pass Without a Trace is cast, while you two both make stealth rolls. With the Pass Without a Trace, yes. With the plus ten? Keyleth cast Pass Without a Trace. All right. You guys dart off to the side, kind of using the remnants of the web to block your physical forms. The boiling fire that has been placed ahead of you is starting to reflect small little points of reflected light throughout the shadows in the distance that are moving towards you as you see giant hairy arachnid legs. You cast Stoneskin? I'm going to go ahead and ask-- In front? All right. You can now see skittering off to the side what appear to be a series of large arachnid-like creatures. As you cast Entanglement, you can-- Go ahead and read the spell. Currently you are. Spike Growth, okay, that is different. All right. They can see the area. Looking into your spell now. Oh, Control Flames is a cantrip. You are able to control just enough fire to burn away the things. It wouldn't actually do any damage if released. Control Fire kind of like captures an element of it. Yeah. Exactly. You set it as a catalyst to it. They can. No. Right now everyone rolls initiative. There are only so many things you can do here, Tiberius. I know you do. Oh, Scanlan, but you roll when it counts. All right, so. 25-20. That's okay. Okay, so 23. Grog, what have you got? Okay, so we've got Vex, Grog, and Pike, what's your dex? What's your initiative bonus? Nothing, so 20. All right. 20 to 15? 17, Keyleth. All right, Percy. Tiberius. Vax? Has left the screen. I'm going to consider that a low initiative. Seven for Scanlan. All right, we'll get to his turn when we get to it. It's okay. All right, Vex. What did you roll for initiative? 16? All right, Vex. Yes. All righty. Okay, from this position you will also hit Tiberius to hit all the spiders. You're right here. I mean, you could-- Right there? Okay. Okay, this one here is one of the larger ones. So I'm going to go ahead and mark that one. So go ahead and-- Conjure Barrage does what damage? Do they get a saving throw? Mmkay. What's the DC on your spells? All righty. Okay, all you need-- Only this one makes it. No, the barrage just happens. They're all caught in it. So all of them take full damage, except for this one takes half damage, so go ahead and roll the damage on that. All righty. So. So you moved, did that. Do you want to move Trinket as well? Trinket-- Well, that, and the spell you cast was an action. Trinket can attack as part of your attack round. Well, no, your spell was an action. So that's your turn. You do Conjure Barrage instead of your attack. All right, so you step back there. Do you want to move Trinket anywhere in particular? All right, Trinket is there and-- (bear noises) Angrily, a growl in the distance. Grog, you're up. All right, Grog holds initiative. Pike, you're up. I mean, you can move through your allies without an issue. You can shift through your own guys without a problem. All right. Okay. Okay. Okay. (laughter) This would be considered a net, if we are considering a weapon that you are conjuring for this. Right. So the effect of this-- I'm letting you hit multiple guys with this. It would not do any damage. It would possibly have an effect on their ability-- It would be very itchy for them. All right, go ahead and roll a d20 and then add five to it. 12? Okay. These four in the immediate front, right there, as you bring back your mace in the air, you kind of hang onto the side with the leather strap around your wrist. You reach up and grab your holy symbol. As you release the holy symbol to hold your hand up, divine energy streaks out from your fingertips and forms into this kind of gold and silver net. As your arm is doing this kind of throwing animation in the air like that, the net shoots out from the front and spreads down onto the spiders and contracts around. You can see it catches them and they start scrambling inside. These front four are considered grappled. (cheering) The one in the back managed to avoid it. That's it? That brings it to Keyleth. You're right here. Behind Pike as she threw her giant golden net. Ten-foot cone. If you want to get right up in here you could get these three there. Okay. Okay. This one succeeds, this one fails, this one fails. All right. So, this one succeeds, so no damage, but these two take damage. Go ahead and roll it. Seven damage to each. Does he? I think Poison Mist-- Oh, Poison Spray. It's a cantrip. I think it's damage or nothing. All right. It's your move, do you want to keep moving or do you want to stay where you are? You're currently-- actually, down from where you cast it, you would be able to move out, yeah. You can, they're still grappled. To there. All right. That ends your turn. Vax, Percy. Yes. She was. She just pulled behind you. 16 to hit? Hits. All right. That hits. You're not Hasted anymore, by the way. So as you're off to the side hiding among the slowly burning webbing, you move around, huck both daggers. One strikes a spider right in the center of where its eyes are and it screeches for a second before it curls up, its legs kind of pulling into its torso. The other one begins to pull out of the net that Pike set, and as it does you throw the secondary dagger. It strikes it in its abdomen, and the blade retracts and returns to your belt, and as it does, it leaves this streak of greenish liquid. And you have a better view of these spiders now. Go ahead and make a nature check, both Keyleth and Vex. You're also there? Oh. All right. So, Keyleth You notice as most spider-like creatures go, you're used to like the darker, furry, wolf-spider types. These have a different color. Their physical bodies are more white and blue. Their coloration is mostly white but with a kind of bluish hue to it and their eyes are almost pink-white in color. They're a very strange, different kind of spider. You haven't encountered too many types of arachnids, but there's something about them that seems loosely themed in the ethereal. You in your experience, you've heard of certain spiders that can travel through the planes rapidly. Yes, one back here. What was it? That hits. 18 points of damage? All righty. 16 does also hit, yeah. Same target? All right. (gunshot noise) That spider gets splattered. You see there's a burst of flame and a (explosion noise) as its body is knocked in the air, torn asunder, and then consumed by the flame burst at the same time. You see what looks like a scattering of ash across the ground and the steps beneath it. Essentially, yeah. All right. These two spiders that are currently caught in the net both (whoosh) vanish and the net falls flat. (teleportation noise) One is striking at you. That is a 21 to hit. And against Percy, that is a 25. All right. You both take 13 points of piercing damage And I need you both to make a constitution saving throw. (groaning) Mm-hm. 19 constitution saving throw. So as all of a sudden, the strange (teleportation noise) sound streaks behind you, you turn over your shoulder just in time to see the spiders pop out of seemingly nowhere and strike into you. The fangs sink into your side and you knock them off with your elbow. You feel the venom extract itself from the fangs, but just as you pull it out of the side, so it actually does not envenom your body. Percy, you're not so lucky. The venom pulses into the side of your shoulder. And you feel this burning sensation ripple through your entire upper right torso. You take 21 points of poison damage. Yep. You are not considered poisoned. It's the damage that's poison. That ends their turn. Tiberius? You're still holding your turn, Grog? All right, Tiberius? Yes, it's a stairway heading down, essentially, right here, and then it evens out at the bottom point there. It's about 15 feet up to the ceiling. Ten, 15. Two. Okay. So as both the spiders are knocked off both Percy and Vex, you guys kind of rear back, ready to defend yourselves. Suddenly the stairwell shakes for a second and pillars of stone go (stone crushing noises) from underneath. Similar to the trap room you encountered earlier. 21? And what's the DC on your spell? 17? Both spiders get mashed pretty horribly into the ceiling. You see where the pillars are slammed into the ceiling permanently. You can see the legs kind of dangling out for a second and then slowly curl in towards where the edge of the stone pillars are at the ceiling. You can, actually, there are-- there's one that you shot. No, actually, the one that you killed is the one that burst into flame. That one's not going to be salvageable. There's a few that you and Vex killed. Vex and Vax both just kind of wiped out a few of the spiders. Go ahead and make an herbalism roll. I asked you to write that down. I will say advantage. Advantage or a bonus, which of the two is it? Ah. I don't remember what I did for that. I will say advantage. That's the easiest to remember. 24. You managed to extract two poison glands from one of the spiders. The other ones were too damaged beyond repair. Two small venom glands. Okay. You don't know. She hands you two nasty-looking glands that are still wet with spider ichor. All right. There is nothing there. (laughter) There you go. (laughter) Are you guys taking a short rest, is that what you're doing? Yeah, you retrieved it. Keyleth, are you still using Pass Without a Trace? It's a concentration spell, isn't it? You did. All right. So go ahead and make a stealth roll. Nine. All right. As you stealthily move along the side of the wall, Scanlan comes pattering down the stonework. Into what is a large central chamber. You can see webbing scattered throughout the entirety of the stone room. It's about 60 feet up. There is very low light from the flickering sconces that are on the walls of this towards the base of the actual room. The building in the center, it looks almost like an ancient mausoleum structure, how it's placed in the center of the room. Closed stone doors. But what catches your eye is that the entirety of the structure seems to be crafted of the same platinum-like material as the container that you guys are carrying the horn in. Not the walls of the actual chamber itself, just this central building right there. Go ahead and make a perception check, anyone who wishes to look for traps. 14 perception. Perception? Okay. 25 for arcane? Best you can gather, as far as the presence of any arcane in this room, the scrolling on the structure in front of you, there are elements of the scrolling that you can see are based in the arcane runes that are used for ritual inscribing, but there's nothing of any magic that you've ever been familiar with that is utilized in this structure. What did you roll? All right. So, who is moving in? Who wants to-- All right, you move off to the side, kind of pushing through some of the webs and there's still webs on the side of the room. All righty. All righty. All right. (whoosh) You move around over here with your sister. All righty. So they'll go back to this point. All right, you are currently marked as invisible, Scanlan. You don't. It's very low light. Okay. You take a moment to concentrate and you sense-- while not in visible range, on the opposite side of this room, a whole bunch of tiny little life sources and one rather large one. All right. All righty. Level two healing potion does 4d4 + 4. Okay. All right. You are also considered invisible. All right, Kima pushes ahead through the group while you guys are doing this, walks up to the front of the chamber, and you see she takes the holy symbol around from her neck, the symbol of Bahamut, and much like she did to the doorway at the bottom of the temple earlier to find this initial passageway, she feels around in the scrolling and eventually finds a section of it and rotates what looks like a circular part of it that shifts and then pulls out. When she pulls it out, you can see there is a kind of engraving, there is a recessed engraving of the same shape as her holy symbol. You may do that. Grog, make a stealth check. Yeah. There's still some goliath peach fuzz there. Grog, for a moment there, you recess into your old hunter training when you were traveling with your barbarian tribe and you take in the darkness around you and walk, fleet of foot, to the edge of it, not making a single sound. You're damn proud of yourself. So as you tell this to Kima, she goes, (whispers) "What? Spiders?" (whispers) "I don't know. I haven't been in this chamber before." Which way? You said Spike Growth. How much does it affect? That's okay. Okay, cool. So you can do this whole area right here is all spiky growth. Good to know. Over here? Go ahead and make another stealth check. 17. You quietly come by and mutter under your breath your arcane ritual and all of a sudden (quiet whoosh). And what was the size of the cloud on that one? What's the radius? 20-foot radius, which would be-- Actually, a 20-foot radius for this would be... This whole area here-- This whole area here is done. And you also now make a very nasty cloud in this vicinity as well. This whole area is completely marked off on both sides now. No, there is a gap. In theory? Wait, you threw-- Oh, two on each side. Are you. All right, so a secondary Tiberius appears right there. Female Tiberius appears over on that side. Queen of Hearts-- oh, interesting. A succubus appears over here. Winged. Sorry, what was the other one that you said? Ten of Hearts. A cloud giant on this side of the room. We'll use that mini for now, it's fine. All of a sudden appear, kind of translucent, their image flickering. It's not a great illusion, but it's enough where it catches some attention. Like right there. All righty. Kima's now sitting there like, (whispers) "Put the key in now?" She puts her symbol into the recess. As it does, the stone doors shift and there's a dull kind of creaking of the stone as it slides not open, but into the walls, revealing an interior that is, as the light filters in, the entirety of the wall, floor, and ceiling of this room is of the same scrolling, the same platinum/sapphire material as the outside of the building and the box that's there, except for the design seems to all filter in towards the center, like the center of a spiderweb. All the design coalesces to the center point. It's not an actual spiderweb. There's a raised dais up in the center there, about four feet wide, about a half-foot thick. Kima kind of takes her symbol and puts it back around her neck and kind of motions like this. The two Scalebearers begin to move down, carrying the case, looking about the rest of you like-- All right. Everyone holds in place? You're staying right there? There you go. All right, so. As they enter the chamber, Kima enters as well, you guys filing in behind them, I need you all to make stealth checks. TRAVIS and No, Tiberius, with advantage, because you're invisible. Not you, don't worry about it. You do. So you step into the chamber, losing your footing for a moment on the smooth, kind of platinum-like ridges across the ground, and you kind of catch yourself, your plate hitting the ground with a loud (ting) sound, at which point the two Scalebearers kind of look at you-- With a heavy sigh, and Kima goes, "Go, go, go!" They both step forward and take and place the box into the center of the room on top of the dais. As they both release the chains, the box seems to levitate on its own to the center of the room, much like how the Horn itself ascended and was kept aloft in the center of the box. The box lifts up and slowly begins to rotate on its own. As it does, you can see the sapphire bits that are ingrained on this box flash with a bright blue light and all of a sudden the blue energy spreads into the ceiling and the floor of this room and all of the blue and silver veins that are carved into this begin to glow with a similar blue light. At which point, the doors begin to-- The doors you guys entered this room through begin to close. Yeah, you guys immediately scootch out of the way. Kima darts off. Both of them turn around and start running back. They both make it out. They both manage to just squeeze through real fast as the doors slam behind. At which point, you see a series of spiders beginning to try to cut around-- these here, what's the DC on your-- Your spell, yeah. Yeah. Both of these spiders get disoriented and try to find their way through the Stinking Cloud, kind of like (choking, clicking noises). None of them make their way through. The rest of these begin coming forward-- what's the roll they have to make for the Spiky Growth? 14. Both missed their save. What's the damage on that? They would probably be skittering around here halfway through before they changed trajectory, so-- 1d4, 2d4? So 10d4 each. They come charging around the corner rapidly (skittering noises). 22. Both of these spiders stop in place, looking severely messed up and damaged and just kind of hold their ground, looking very confused. You see, crawling up over the top of this structure, one large white and bluish spider that leaps up. As this is happening, you guys are noticing that blue energy is cracking through the floor and now following the pattern across the entirety of the structure. It crawls up the walls-- -- and that blue energy reaches to the ceiling and illuminates it. And what you missed when you entered the room is you can see, recessed into the ceiling of this room, four large humanoid entities that are just currently held aloft, buried in the ceiling, of platinum armor. One of them suddenly flashes, dislodges, and (whoosh, thud), squashing the spider in the process. (yelling) Just (spider screech, croak) screeching sound, the spider slowly tries to curl in place, the giant platinum golem now slamming on top and squishing on top. You see as it slowly comes to stand, each hand holding these giant platinum cleavers. You suddenly hear a voice ringing through your heads collectively "Get out." All right, so all of you guys start bolting out. I want everyone to go ahead and make a dexterity check. All right, anyone lower than a ten? Lower than a ten? Anyone? All right. You as well? Awesome. (laughter) You guys all come darting out of the room, except for Kima, who rolls a one. So all of you guys come running out of the room-- The rest of the Scalebearers come rushing out, they're no longer encumbered by the box. Kima's kind of helping everyone get by, trying to keep everyone at bay, being the hero. As she turns around, the first one comes leaping off of the structure, runs towards her and gives one giant sweep with one of its blades. Ooh, yeah, that'll hit. You see the blade streak across the front of her silver armor. She takes 24 points of slashing damage. It sends her flying back ten feet with the sheer force of it, but she manages to roll out of it, yeah! With an acrobatics check, catching herself to her feet and just keeps bolting behind the rest of you guys. You now see behind two more (crash, crash) dislodging from the ceiling as the one that's charging after you is coming up the stairway. Through this, we're now going into a skill challenge as you guys are rushing out. Now, as you're running to get through, there's still bits of webbing still in the way. I need everyone to go ahead and make another dexterity check. All right. All right, as you guys are all charging up, kind of helping each other but also clamoring to get through, Kima is rushing up and you can see where one of the Scalebearers has now tripped and fallen on the stairs. She runs past, leans back to reach her hand out as the golem comes up behind-- -- with two hands, swings down with both blades. No, this is against one of the Scalebearers. I'm considering Trinket with you, so no. We'll do that next round because I forgot. There's a lot of things to consider. One of them hits the stone and just streaks off, sparks flying through the air, illuminating the space secondarily. However, the other Scalebearer takes 28 points of slashing damage from the blow. As it reaches up again for a second blow, Kima reaches down and grabs Desona's arm and lifts her up off her feet and they both go charging forward. You guys make your way up the stairway as you see now the golem pushing its way through. Okay. Well, now that Kima's got them, they're rushing up and there's about a ten-foot, 15-foot gap now. Okay. As they rush past, a wall of stone slams up as the golem goes smashing into it-- All right. So as you guys come rushing up to the top of this, you guys are just doing the stone wall, obelisk, obelisk, obelisk. We'll say you cast it twice to go ahead and reinforce. All right, you hear the impact from behind. You hear stone crack and break and you see two of the pillars that you put up impact, dust and bits of rock shoot out, but it settles. Apparently it's holding strong and you start hearing slamming of some sort of heavy weight behind it. As well as the following of additional giant heavy footsteps. It's now got its reinforcements caught up to it. You guys charge into the room with the broken trap, which now has partially raised platforms. You're rushing around and trying to find your way through. You get to the other side of the room. There's now an entirety-- a room filled with mist in front of you. Okay. All right, Gust of Wind. I'm going to ask all of you guys to make a wisdom check as you rush through. Everyone. This is a wisdom check. Nice! Ability modifier. All of you guys are pushing through. So, as you guys come rushing in you're like, go go! You see Keyleth's focusing and getting the wind to escape, Keyleth rushes up, Kima comes through with the two Scalebearers, everyone comes through, Grog's bringing up the back. You can see now, in the back behind him, a giant blade-wielding fist as the golem comes smashing through the wall. The rest of you guys, ushering Grog along, Grog comes running, hears the sound, looks over his shoulder and in the chaos of it, his trajectory is off and he ends up brushing into the side of the mist. Grog, go ahead and make a dexterity saving throw. You end up taking 24 points of fire damage as the pillars spin, unleashing a torrent of flame. You reach up instinctively, you feel it's as smooth as a baby goliath's face. (laughter) As you guys charge up the rest of the staircase-- He's just caught up to you guys as you're rushing up the staircase. You get to the final door. You exit. As Kima rushes everyone through, she brings out her holy symbol real fast, and as she pulls it off her neck, you see the first golem reach the bottom of the staircase. It begins looming up-- Kima takes out her holy symbol and holds it aloft in front of her and says under her breath (murmurs), at which point it begins to glow with this extremely vibrant glow. As it does, you see a symbol emblazoned on the front of the golem and it flashes with light as it stops and just kind of holds its place-- and waits. And Kima looks at the symbol like "I wasn't sure that was going to "work." She takes-- She takes the symbol and puts it back in the side of the stone door that originally was closed. The doors slowly seal shut once again. She pulls the symbol out-- and she falls to her knees, breathing heavily. "It kind of happened very quickly, I'm sorry." You make your way back up to the main chamber, where High Bearer Vord is currently waiting for you. He turns to you as you enter. "So I am to assume that your journey was a success?" "I told you. Once it's instilled, it will be safe." There you go. At which point, the High Bearer Vord kind of raises his hand. "Yonn, if you do not mind." And Yonn kind of shuffles forward. "Excuse me, I'm right here." "I don't like you." (laughter) It is not the same. It is not the same. At which point, the High Bearer turns to you, Pike. "Mighty cleric, I see this meeting, "though it escaped my vision before, that you bear the holy sigil of the Dawnflower, the Lady of "Redemption Herself. While we may walk under different stars, I offer these words that caught "my ear naught but a week ago. In an excavation beneath the toppled tower of Syrac, the "long-cursed ruin that sat like a blemish upon this city for hundreds of years, it was revealed that "perhaps the five holy paths that began here at Vasselheim, there may indeed now be a sixth." "A forgotten temple to Sarenrae has been uncovered. Crumbled, lost, and without light, it "sat, forever and a day, and few are around in this city of her guiding flame to recover and restore "its glory. Perhaps you should look into it." "The ruin lies to the west of here, at the base of the city's mountain. Look for the dark "stone ruin. Nevertheless, I thank you for your time. Kima, if you wouldn't mind, we have some "things to discuss as well." "Vord. High Bearer Vord." "Was that so hard? Yes?" He gives you a keen look and says, "There has been talk of a rogue band of druids, not more "than two day's travel, in the-- let's see, where did I put the maps here?" He thinks to himself for a moment, considering it. "Towards the Sunder Peak Mountain Range. Dangerous territory, fraught with "volcanic activity. Yet these folks seem to call it home." "Southwest of the city. It's hard to miss." "Look for the plumes of sulfurous smoke." "The temple to Sarenrae is on the same mountain that this temple is built on." "To the west of here. Follow the mountain base." "I can't say I have, unfortunately." "But I shall keep this in mind, should the information come my way." He gives you a look, a quick glance, and notes "For the record, while your color is not "what it was when you first entered, know that the great Platinum Dragon sees through this guise to "the heart beneath." "Well, Kima. Business. Thank you all very much." And he kind of lends his hands out. As he extends his hand, the doors on the opposite side of the room open up. For the sake of brevity, because we have people who have to leave on this, very soon, it doesn't take you long to find your way across the city. You find some of the city's Bastions standing guard on the outskirts of this crumpled tower ruin. It's like, black and soot-covered stone that looks like a plot of land that has been left untouched. Like, once it fell, no one wanted anything to do with it. You speak with the Bastions and they eventually let you through, especially given the aid of those you've walked with since arrival. You come to the ruin and you can see there's about a 40-foot gap in this pile of stone that is a recess in the ground, almost like a small sinkhole. It looks like there is some sort of excavation that has been set here. Very haphazard. There is very simple wood boards that have been placed into the side of this small sinkhole to allow relatively comfortable, though a bit rickety, descent into the structure. As you make your way down, your eyes adjust to the little bit of daylight that spills into this dark subterranean cavern. There before you, you see a surprisingly glorious sight a simple structure of brass and polished limestone, ancient as the day is long. One of the walls has partially collapsed, and you see what looks like three figures rummaging through the debris. An older human woman, who is being helped by two others a young man of blond hair and simple clothes and an older gnome that's carrying a crutch under his arm. They're all in the process of collecting and setting aside and cleaning up various things that have been recovered from this temple. You immediately see against the brass structure the very simplified symbol of the wings of Sarenrae, multiple times across the structure in various incarnations. This is very much indeed a lost temple of Sarenrae. At which point, the older woman sees you guys walk down and says, "Please! There's nothing "to take. Nothing but history and rock, I guarantee you. Bandits are not welcome here." You can hear an audible gasp from her. She says, "My eyes don't deceive. Oh my, I am sorry. "My name is Gesyra, a simple painter, but one of, as far as I know, the three devoted to the Lady of "the Everlight here in Vasselheim. And now a fourth. I don't know where you came from, but "would you stay with us for a bit and help us rebuild? Bring her name into the light amongst the "others here in Vasselheim? Restore it to its glory?" "It shouldn't take long, especially with your help. And we can bring the light into the "heart of others." And you can see the two other kind of joined her at the side and they all look at you with this look of hope that you can probably tell from the crinkles in their face they haven't had in quite some time. And they look up to you in their simple clothes as the first true strong bastion for Sarenrae that they've seen in a long time. With that, Pike, you get to turn to the rest of the group. And on that note, we have to close because people are in a rush. Yeah, Ashley will be leaving us for a time. She's going to New York for a few months to shoot a web-- a television series. (laughter) A wonderful television series she has recurring. We're really happy and proud of her-- we're just a jumble of emotions under the circumstances. Yeah, she'll pop in and out if she can, and there will eventually be a return of Pike, but for the time being she feels the calling to stay and help rebuild this temple of Sarenrae. Thank you so much, Ash. We're going to miss you but we'll tabs and we'll have you back soon. All right. Thank you all so much for watching. Everyone give Ashley love on the Twitter, on the internet. And we'll see you guys at Comic-Con next week. Those that'll be at Anime Expo, I'll be there tomorrow for a couple of panels. Six more days for the Critical Role shirts before they go away. All right, guys, thank you and have a wonderful evening, we've got to let these guys go. We'll see you-- me and Marisha will see you in three weeks.