Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors roll dice and play Dungeons & Dragons. So, welcome. I know we had a two-week hiatus. We had some birthdays-- in fact, the twins had a birthday. (cheering) Yes it did. Yes it did. No. So. Starting off our announcements for the evening first off, I am going to be flying out bright and early tomorrow morning to A-Kon in Dallas. I'll be out there doing panels and signings with a bunch of other great guests. I understand the same weekend is also Dallas Comic Con, because what the fuck, Dallas? At which Mary and Steve are there also, so don't choose come to both! No. Exactly. But I'll be doing signings, panels, and meeting a bunch of you Critters that are out in that area, so come by and say hi this weekend. And if not, go say hi to Steve and Mary, wherever that happens, in the lesser part of Dallas. I don't know if it is, I just like-- Where are your dice? Travis is going to get them. Wow. Two weeks to stew on this and it's already falling apart. While he looks for those-- I do want to also say the newest Dear Abby article series for Critical Role characters went up-- or goes up tomorrow, right? Friday. And whose is that one? The next Dear Abby? Oh! Then we'll have Vex tomorrow coming up. See her answering questions to various distraught people throughout the realms of Exandria, and her I'm sure very astute-- Possibly. This is very true. So look for that tomorrow on geekandsundry.com, that'll be fun and exciting. Also, for those who didn't catch it yesterday, we had an awesome event at Meltdown Comics with the official Dungeons & Dragons crew announcing one, their new storyline, which is the Storm King's Thunder, I think is what it's called. Really awesome, bringing the giants back into the world with a very fleshed-out story. I'm super excited about it, and keep tabs on that whenever that comes out, should be in the next few months, I think. I've seen some stuff behind-the-scenes and it looks really, really cool. But as part of that event yesterday, we also kicked off and announced a new video series campaign that I'm doing with the actual Wizards of the Coast Dungeons & Dragons team. Me and Chris Perkins wrote and designed together a story that I fleshed out and am running for a series of celebrity guests, one of which is our fantastic Ashley Johnson there. That was pretty great, guys. I'm not going to lie, that was pretty legit. That's right, we're waiting on Scanlan to get here. Other guests include Utkarsh, Shelby, Jonah-- I wrote all the first names down because the last names, some of them were hard to pronounce, but you can look up the actual announcements to get the full names. I'm really bad at this. It's been two weeks, give me a break. Nah! I've got so much free time. But it's going to be a great group, and I look forward to announcing it soon on when those will begin to air throughout the summer, because it's going to be a lot of fun. And I get to play in Forgotten Realms, which is something I've wanted to do again for a long time, and hope I don't mess up all the existing fantastic lore that Ed Greenwood has developed since he-- oh, are you okay, Laura? You want to jump into that? Yeah, so we have a new sponsor coming in, sponsoring this episode of Critical Role this evening. (cheering) Well, please continue, we're not stopping you. Please, go ahead. You did good Sam, you did good. It's been cool having sponsors come to the show, partially because they all come to us from being fans of the actual show, and that's the driving force behind this, so we want to make sure that things are on-brand from people who are genuinely interested in our community and have things to offer that'll be useful. I can say this as I have a web series I directed many years ago and spent a whole year doing, I lost all the files because of the hard drive that I had-- the external hard drive failed, and I don't have any of those anymore. And so since then I've been very, very careful about backing everything up. So this service would have been really helpful back then. So don't make the same mistakes I did. There Will Be Brawl only lives as final video files. It kills me. I couldn't even fix stuff. Still have the watermark on the last three videos for the Escapist that I can't remove. Anyway. Learn from my mistakes. So! Do we have anything else any of you folks want to announce? E3 is next week. No, it's two weeks from now. I believe nothing coming out of that mouth now! All right, great. So, without further ado, and no further delaying the inevitable-- Little thing on my nose, right there? No, it's great. So let's go ahead and roll the intro and start playing Critical Role. [dramatic music] Tiny Vax. Thanks to a potion that does that. You managed to go ahead and put in an Immovable Rod within its stomach, which held it up for a moment before it decided to truly gain the advantage it needed to escape the circumstance, allowed it to tear through its body, as well as an arrow that was shot by Vex towards her brother, in hopes of-- I don't know, being a signal of hope or to put him out of his misery? I'm still trying to figure it out. At this point in time, Umbrasyl took to the sky and began to coast off towards Gatshadow, seemingly the domain that it's carved for itself in this region. On its way out, Grog had thrown his newly acquired Bloodaxe and his Chain of Returning into the dragon, left it, and is now being dragged behind it now, dangling as it flies off. And that, my friends, is where we kick back into the story. So we have, as you guys-- Grog, your feet leave the ground as you swing forward, unable by the momentum pushing forward to keep up with the sheer speed of this dragon and its size, its mass, its full stretched wings, it is far faster than any of you expected and it whooshes off towards the mountaintop. You, just looking behind as the ground just fades further and further away. The rest of you, Vox Machina, seeing this happen, see essentially half of your friends, your party, only one of them visible, now beyond your reach. With that being said, for this circumstance, let's pick up where we were on the initiative order between you three. Yeah. We left at the right time for that, guys. Here, how about this? Because I can't find the original initiative order, we'll just say for this circumstance we'll roll initiative based on what action's going to happen here. So we're going to have you three roll initiative. All right. So. As it crests into the sky (whoosh), blackish dragon blood dripping from wounds, you can feel every single tension of its upper torso muscles with each swoop of the wings crushing against you in this rhythmic pattern. What little bit of air currently has been placed at the top of the stomach, based on your Thunderwave, is all you have to maintain any semblance of hope. You, there's an arrow in darkness. However, Umbrasyl at this point, who does go first in this order, is just concentrating on survival and continues gliding upward. You hear a rumble within the inside of the body, and the essence of a growling, angry voice creeps through. "These foul creatures. Get out of me!" (straining sound) I need you guys to both roll strength saving throws right now. 15. You manage to put your arms against the side, and using whatever forceful arcane cantrips to keep the walls at bay before it actually finds you, and you slip out in time. You, however, do suffer six points of bludgeoning damage as the muscles once again tense against you. Umbrasyl is very much aware that there are now living things inside the stomach squirming around and as the muscles relax, the voice just growls again, "Try all you want. Don't worry. I can eat you now or later." So. We had two 13s and a-- 12. All right. So Grog, Vax, what are you guys doing? The Bramblewood is now beneath you, you're heading towards the mountain, you can see the edge of the forest now. You can see it curving up ahead of you and with how high the sun is in the sky, it's around noon, there's a heavy bit of shadow, and at this distance? Make a perception check. 13. It seems to be somewhere around the base of the tail, like where the tail meets the rest of the actual body itself, the torso area. No, it's not quite in his butt, it's more in his side. Looking down? Numbers are hard for you to pick up. It's a long way. It's a long way. Like-- yeah. All right. Go ahead and make an athletics check. Athletics. Which is better, technically. Yeah, it's strength plus your proficiency bonus. You get your proficiency bonus. You're no longer raging, because this is more fear-struck at this point. 19, yeah. You begin to ascend the chain. You get closer to it, and you can now see the axe itself is embedded and is starting to wiggle and pull out. So you're making your way up the chain with the full round at this point, you're almost to it, but that's going to be the rest of your action this turn. So what are you doing? Okay. The arrowhead is still poking through-- Okay, okay. All right. Go ahead and make a general dexterity check. To see if you're able to-- Okay. Using the essence of where the actual shaft of the arrow has pierced the hide and is stuck through, you take the blade and use your understanding of precision weapons and implements to find the slight opening. And the blade thankfully is very thin. Slide it through with minimal resistance. You can see the muscles are still pushing against it, but the already preset wound from the arrow does guide it through, and you manage to go straight to the hilt, and it's found its way all the way through the wound. No additional damage is dealt necessarily, but it has gone-- You said you wanted to put it through an existing hole. Yeah. Do you want to roll an attack for this? Right, now you would make the attack as the blade. The idea being that you wanted to guide it through the hole. Didn't you use any Luck for the battle? Right, so you have two left. Plus one. Yeah, and then it does additional damage against dragons. Okay. This roll will be at disadvantage. Right, right, right. Go ahead and make the secondary attack. Yeah. Okay, so, the blade is in there and it has found its way through the existing wound, but you don't quite have the strength to actually wrench it enough to do any real, serious damage as it is a very, very hardy and well-defended creature from its natural mass. The fleshy interior of a dragon is almost as dense and as protected as the armored hide on the outside, and that's one thing you weren't counting on when entering its form. You've put the blade through the hole and so now you have that blade lodged in, you can then use that to try and widen it in successive turns in itself and that will prevent you from having disadvantage on the attacks with that blade going forward, because it's already in a soft place and you can just wedge it, but it's going to be a strength attack for each of those rounds. The dagger unfortunately, you just can't find any purchase at that point there in the time given, because of the movement and the squishing. You do also suffer an additional seven points of crushing damage. You are in the most difficult terrain there probably is. Pushing towards the wound? Okay. I would say that would be part of your attack next round. Actual movement within, you would be able to move a few feet but you'd have to release the blade to do so. Any actual blade pushing forward would be your next action, so hold off for the next round. Scanlan, what you got? This is true! It was very small. It's the equivalent of a bullet going through, because the rod when it punched through it didn't-- it's a very thin, elongated object, so it pierced through like a metal rod at a very high speed. If it would have hit-- at whatever angle it would be, even then, it's only that wide and it would still puncture a tiny slit, and due to the density of both the muscles of the creature and its body, it took damage and there's a little bit of blood coming from the wound, you imagine, but it's not like it's going to leave an open, cavernous hole. Yeah, it's a cut. But you did see where it (tearing noise) through. You just saw it (tearing noise) through the creature's stomach. You do see a little bit of blood beginning to pour out of where the wound was. Okay! Okay, well, before that happens you do take four points of acid damage from the stomach before you take the form, because that would be the top of the round. So, at which point you turn into a small poisonous snake, now floating amongst the acids, and find your way along the surface. And you're heading towards the wound? Okay, all right-- Right, you do. (laughter) Through the acid, it's swimming. Once you get to the actual wound, this is more squeezing. And that's going to be more of a strength-based element. So that being the case here, a poisonous snake, I'm going to need you to go ahead and roll a strength check to push against the wound. Which, just as a heads up, is a minus four to its strength, so that's technically a negative three. Yeah. You just dive in headfirst and with all your snaky might, you slither and slither and slither, just getting nowhere. No headway. This is bad. (laughter) Sure, go for it. Roll for an attack. Plus five. A 19? The inside of the stomach is not as well-armored as outer parts of the body. A 19 would hit. Go ahead and roll damage. This would be-- oh no, you don't roll. It takes one piercing damage. (laughter) And it has to make a constitution saving throw versus your poison. That's an eight plus 14, at a DC of ten. So yeah, it doesn't take any additional-- oh, it takes half damage. So go ahead and roll 2d4. It takes three points of poison damage. (laughter) All right. Top of the round. Okay, so, Umbrasyl is still flying up, looking down at its form, is glancing about... Grog. As you're holding onto the axe, you see before you, just pass underneath the leg and the front arms that are reaching down, this giant, dark, looming projection comes down and looks right towards you. The horned front of the dragon as Umbrasyl stares right into your face and goes, "There you are." (draws in breath, exhales) And unleashes a torrent of acid towards you. I need you to go ahead and make-- this is going to roll a dexterity saving throw. You have disadvantage. Because you're currently holding onto the chain, but I believe you have advantage on them because you are a barbarian. Yeah. So just roll. No! They are way over-- they're like a tiny little dragon speck in the distance. We'll get to you guys here in just a moment, but their situation is a little more dire and immediate, so I have to figure out what's going on with them right now. You can if you want to. Did you want to go after them? LAURA and Okay, we'll get to that in just a minute. As it is-- the dragon's speed is it can fly 80 feet per round. Yeah, and it's making double-dash manoeuvring here, even at your fly speed on the broom-- Let's check that real fast. Giant eagles-- 80 feet. So the eagles are able to keep up. Do you want something that way? First off, Grog, you take 62 points of acid damage. She took damage and it dropped. So, as the stream pours past you, you feel your flesh burning, and elements of your skin are actually sloughing off and plummeting beneath you like a thick oatmeal. You still maintain your grip on the axe through sheer force of anger and willpower. Umbrasyl slows down a little bit in not doing the double-dash maneuver. That's going to end Umbrasyl's turn. So you sent the eagles after-- So the eagles swing by-- Okay, so you retrieve the rod, grab it, and head off in that direction. So we now have both of you, on eagle-back, heading off, with you trailing behind as you can't quite travel at the same speed as the eagles. Okay. Keyleth, what are you doing? Go for it. Yeah, Bad News is out. All right. As you're flying off you're having a hard time with the bumpy ride, as this eagle also has been near death due to being partially dissolved by the acidic attack from the dragon before. It wasn't the acid, it was something else that wrecked it. Yeah, I think it was a bite or a claw, because the acid would've destroyed it. So the eagle's heavily wounded, and due to it shuddering and trying to keep up it just causes you to end up bending a portion of the actual weapon. All right. So you guys are keeping up. You're concentrating on the stone. Bringing us back now. Grog, you're recovering from this attack. Do recall, you do have one point of exhaustion since your frenzied rage did wear off beforehand. So you go into a rage. It doesn't help with that, no. Okay. Athletics check, with advantage. You find your way up, grabbing onto the edge of the tail, and you actually pull yourself up onto the base of the tail. You're on the back of Umbrasyl right now. The chain is still currently attached to its side. It's taken your whole turn to really get up there. Are you going to dislodge the Bloodaxe, or leave it there? Okay, so go ahead and make your check to remove it. It's a DC 12, I think. You pull on the chain, but the reason it managed to hold your weight this whole ride up was it was wedged pretty well into its armored hide. And thank god it did. However, at this point, it's proving that that is now coming back to haunt you, as it is really hard to pull it from where it's stuck in the dragon. That's going to be the end of your turn. Vax. Go for it. Correct. I'm letting this one be a finesse. 25? You carve an opening in the side about a foot and a half in full length there. As you drag it you hear a roaring. Go ahead and roll damage on that. 16? All righty. This is less rules and more narrative. You don't understand the body or where you really are in the body of the dragon. He's not threatening the creature right now. If anything, it's potentially threatening you. This would not be a sneak attack. No worries. I'd say yes, because the only reason you didn't have disadvantage with the other blade is because it was within an existing wound and then you pulled back. Okay, the other dagger, you go ahead and stab again, this time it hits a dense part of muscle and does sink in, but not enough to do any serious damage from the inside. A little bit, yes. It's about that wide. You staying there? Yeah. Go ahead and make a straight strength check. 13? That's fine. Thankfully, the DC's lower because you managed to carve the large wound in. You plant your feet against the other muscle wall that you are between and you push off and get yourself through. And in the most awkward, tiny birth, just above your armpits, your head and arm emerge out the side. Immediately a gust of wind hits your hand as you realize and look down you are hundreds of feet above the ground. Bramblewood right beneath you. But you are partially out of the dragon. Take a deep breath. You take three points of crushing damage as the muscle walls around you are still squeezing in on you in your current placement. That ends your turn. You! At the top of your round, your snake takes acid damage. Only one point of acid damage. How many hit points does your poisonous snake have? It may have less than one hit point, in which case, you're just going to turn right back into Scanlan. Let's find out. It has two hit points! That was before you transformed. It was at the top of your round. No, you just let it go. It was a good idea. Just not a very strong snake. Okay! So, using that little pocket of air, you bring your hand up, you do your quick somatic components, shouting the phrase, and Bigby's Hand appears and is currently being squished between some of the walls of the stomach. Yeah! I don't-- yeah. (laughter) This would be a very forceful hand. This would be the definition of Bigby's Forceful Hand. Go ahead and roll an athletics check for Bigby, which is strength 28, so add plus eight to the roll. Total of 12? The finger pushes partway in and gets about halfway up to its second knuckle. (laughter) I'm blushing, man! All right, that's your turn. You do have movement, yes. You can move your arms, yeah. Okay, make a strength check. Six. You take it and (ting, swish). It just slips along the very heavy mucous material lined interior of the stomach. There's a little scrape line, but that's about it. Top of Umbrasyl's round. Breath weapon does not return. However, is going to use one of its legendary actions and attempt to beat its wings to shake you off of it, Grog. I need you to go ahead and make a dexterity saving throw. 18. You take 15 points of bludgeoning damage, which is reduced by half, so you're only taking seven. However, you are knocked prone. Yes, which causes you to begin tumbling off the back of the tail. The wind of it-- (thump thump) The chain of returning is still attached to you, however, and as you go tumbling off the back of the tail, it catches you, and you are now swinging towards the back of the creature, of the dragon now, back where you started. Only the dragon is very aware of your presence. But you didn't plummet to your death! That was the end of your turn. Now it's the top of Umbrasyl's turn. Yeah, imagine that! At this point, now, as this has gone on for a little while as you guys began to ascend and it went upward, it's now partway up the mountainside. You can see the forest has gotten more sparse. There are trees scattered across the top of the mountaintop. You can see it. You're not there, but it's going across the forest top and it's coming towards the actual mountain base. It hasn't quite ascended it completely. They're keeping in tandem with it. They're not able to quite catch up entirely, just due to the nature of the fast dragon. Not for her, unfortunately, no. You, at this point, jumping on, would just be on the outside of the range if you wanted to try. You're at disadvantage on these attacks because you are on the back of a flying, wounded bird. With disadvantage. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage. You lost Hex, yeah. Gun goes off. You hear a whizz go by your ear as the bullet hits the side of Umbrasyl. (grunting) The head looks back towards the rest of you, now approaching at a distance. So, at the top of Umbrasyl's turn, as you guys are pushing forward and you're still concentrating, the dragon growls under its breath. (spellcasting) You can't hear it. You're too far away. The outer view of the dragon shimmers for a second and then vanishes from sight. No. Yeah. You see the dragon. Grog is dangling from nothing right now. Grog is kiting through the air. In theory, yeah, if you can keep a bead on him. A very heavy Grog. He would be. You haven't taken a lot of damage yet, or at all. Then you still have Hunter's Mark on him, yeah. Continues upward. That comes to the next part. Grog, you're up. That has gone away, unfortunately. Make an athletics check. 15? All righty. You manage to pull yourself halfway up the chain. You get back to where you were towards the base of the tail. That's the extent of your round there. The wind resistance itself, you can see the axe itself, after you tried to tug it forward, did bring it a little loose. So its position is still a little precarious. All right. Vax. It would be part of the attack to draw it out and attack. It wouldn't use your movement. It would be part of the attack to draw it out and attack with it. It wouldn't use your movement. Okay. You're in a weird position now where the blade's at your side, so pulling away from the body, there's very little strength to pull that way, since you punched through the wound. So you're essentially holding the blade right here. You'd be at a disadvantage on it. Go for it. 15? There's just not enough strength to get it though. You try and pull upward and the blade comes loose, comes towards your body, but doesn't actually find any additional part of the muscle to cut through. 21? Just scrapes across the hide. Not strong enough to pierce it from the outside. You do also take one point of bludgeoning damage as the wound tenses around you once more. Scanlan! Roll an athletics check with plus eight. 20! The hand pushes into the wound, causing it to tear open and rupture part of the stomach. As it punches through, temporarily leaving an open wound in the side of its stomach area, Bigby's Hand is partially outside the dragon now. It takes 11 points of damage from the wound. And you currently have a little bit of light that's visible before the wound closes. The muscles re-tense. You watch it punch through and everything (gasp). It's the moment of impact. You leap in after Bigby's Hand just in the wake of it slamming into the side of the muscle of the stomach walls. In that one moment, you're rushing past, you can feel the actual muscles tensing behind you. Go ahead and make a dexterity saving throw. 18! Okay! You manage to leap behind Bigby's Hand and grab onto the side of it as the hand punches entirely out of the dragon's body, the wound slamming shut behind. You are now outside the dragon. Holding onto Bigby's Hand. He is flying. Bigby's Hand! Bigby's Hand can move up to 60 feet, so no, it's slower than the dragon. Starting to drag a little bit behind as it's moving. No, that was its action. That's most of your turn, really, at this point. That was your movement to push through after the bonus attack, so you have your action. I'll give you your action. You have an action, so you could, technically. You look out as you punch through. You look down below you suddenly after you take a moment to look, and you can see part of Vax emerging from the side of the dragon. And then the whole dragon and Vax vanish. You do see Grog, dangling from the chain, slowly pulling his way up towards the back. You are now right there with Bigby's Hand. (laughter) Not this turn, no. Okay! All right. Advantage on the dexterity saving throw. What's the DC of it? The DC of the Lightning Bolt? Nope, you are clutching both hands onto the side. 18. It makes the save. Roll damage, and it takes half damage. 26. All right, so it takes 13 points of lightning damage. (blast) The bolt streaks upward, hitting the sides of the wound that you just came out of it, and arcs up the side of the body. Most of it is absorbed from the hefty, scaled hide of the black dragon, but it does (unhappy groan) roil with pain. You hear it yelling, and with a very slight shifting of light, you notice the dragon is still there, and you recognize this. This is an Invisibility spell. That ends your turn. So, the rest of you guys, trying to keep up. The dragon's far out of range of anything you have, and it's just seems to be coasting as fast as it can out of the way, so you have nothing, I don't think, that can really go past a 300, 400 foot range. So you're just keeping on that eagle, holding on. You as well, you're behind the others, just slowly falling behind. I think it's 50 feet. I can look it up again real fast. It's not a racing broom. Quidditch broom. I'll find it for you. I'm going to look it up right now, just to let you know, so we can all relax. I gather that. (laughter) Back to the top of the round. The dragon, Umbrasyl, now (wings flapping). Even you are being dragged behind nothing, you can hear the wings beating. You still have full sight of the dragon at this point. The voice growls out of its throat, "Fine. Let's see how well you hold on, insects!" It begins to spin and do a barrel roll. I need both of you, as also its muscles tense, to roll strength saving throws. Six? 26. You get swung around, the chain taking the brunt of all the weight across its back. (popping) Comes free. Thankfully, you were in an up arc, but you are now arcing in the air. You also get ejected from the wound from the muscles tensing behind, it almost squeezes you out. Before you can even get a grapple on, the dragon vanishes from sight and you're now falling backwards. Okay. As you emerge from the body of Umbrasyl, there is a streak of shadow that scatters into a burst of darkened raven feathers that fill the air around you. You still plummet, but as a nature of your prayer, that brief moment of understanding, it appears there is some reaction. That'll be that element there. Oh, you're like 20 seconds in. 30 seconds in. You guys now watch as, suddenly, Grog and Vax just (rush of air). Vax appears out of nowhere and is falling. Scanlan's being held aloft by a distant Bigby's Hand, and Grog is arcing in the air. At that point now, Grog, Vax, what are you doing as you're falling backward? (air puffs) Yeah, it's like 25 cent quality, above you, Grog, as you squeeze your eyes and hold on. Plummeting down towards the Bramblewood. Vax. I believe it's an action. 23 does hit. Yeah, it makes it. It would've had to roll a one to not make it, unfortunately. Sure. Make a perception check, just glancing around you. Four. No. You see earth beneath you, sky above, mountain to your left, and the inevitable plummet coming at you. Vax is about 20 feet from you, Grog's about 60, 70 feet from you. The dragon's moved ahead to this point now since you guys have fallen off. Grog is. Vax is a little bit below you. He's trying. He's holding a scrap piece of fabric that's just (rustling fabric). Right now, you could catch up to one of them. Yeah, Grog is in an arc, so you would have to meet him as he fell. Okay, so you clutch onto Bigby's Hand and move as he plummets. What are you doing? What are you doing, Scanlan? Okay. The hand comes forward, sends out this cupping motion, the fingers below. You, eyes closed, clenching tight, (impact). All of a sudden, the wind stops, and it's like you're being held by your mother again, a memory you haven't recalled since you were a child. You open your eyes slowly, and you're still above the ground! Holy shit! But there's a giant purple hand around you and a very freaked out Scanlan clutching the outside. That was the turn to even get to him and catch him. You still have an action if you have anything. No. You have a vague idea of where it might be. That's useful. Okay. So, as you look over at Scanlan, with a big look of relief and thank you, he gives you a cursory look as the hand vanishes. He grabs you real fast, and suddenly you have feathers! What the shit! And, strangely, you become smarter! As giant eagles have an intelligence of eight. It's a Beautiful Mind moment in the middle of the sky. Suddenly you understand, the instinct hits you, and (whoosh). You have wings. You feel Scanlan's tiny hands grasping the back of your neck. All right. You guys start seeing this happen in the distance and a little sparkle of hope hits you, whatever it may be. Coming back around to the top, Umbrasyl is taking a double dash motion. He's past. Grog, it's your turn. You do, and it is a perpetual flurry. They're coming out of nowhere. It is this long, visual line of black feathers that are being tossed from beneath Vax's flapping cape. There's just heavy feathers and digging in. So as you go into a full dive, that's 80 speed, that's 160 feet. (whoosh) You manage to just crest underneath the plummeting Vax, the trail of black feathers, trailed by a long line of brown feathers being plucked out from Scanlan, feverishly trying to grab onto your back for some sort of purchase. Pain. You deal with pain all the time. It doesn't dissolve your focus. Vax, I need you to go ahead and attempt to grab onto the eagle as it swoops beneath you. Go ahead and make a single strength saving throw. This is the time to use it. As the eagle swoops underneath you, you reach out. You don't even see it, you're looking up into the sky as you plummet, the trail of feathers going past as you concentrate on the acceptance you've made to the Raven Queen, and the understanding that perhaps, if there is a chance to survive, let it be through this leap of faith you've taken in the direction of an entity that you've been so fearful of and scoffed at since she came to you in your dreams. A moment, you see the feathers begin to trail off and subside from beneath your cloak, and a voice whispers in your ear and says, "Left." Without thinking, your hand reaches out, without even seeing, and you (impact) grab the edge of Scanlan's cloak. As you're dragged behind, you (choking) from behind. You can barely breathe as the eagle swoops up, you can feel the heartbeat, the blood flowing in the back of your head, your ears hot (heartbeat) as you slowly reach over and grab the back of the eagle. Is this Keyleth? You don't know. All you know is Scanlan swooped in and in this moment of need, seemingly, a prayer was answered. So what are you guys doing? Yeah, he's tiny. That's the only reason I'm not having him tear you off the back of the eagle, because of the size. Okay. You guys see this in the distance as now the eagle captures the falling Vax and then begins to head down towards the base of the mountain where the Bramblewood meets. Okay. You guys make your way downward towards the bottom. Keyleth, you finish your concentration on the stone. (whoosh) Suddenly, you step through, being pushed through a tunnel of blue light and energy, and for a moment, all you see before you is Vax's face, his tiny little raven-sized face. (whoosh) As you guys watch Keyleth apparate right in front of Vax, and go speeding past you, as she's now plummeting from the air, having summoned to your side. You're still earth elemental? So yeah, you see Keyleth as a giant boulder that appears at the side. You have to dodge out of the way (whoosh) as this giant rock being, out of the corner of your eye, appears before you. However, she sinks straight past you. You're flying as low as you can, you're going terminal velocity, and there is this (rumble) rock entity plummeting at the same rate. Yeah, I know. It was. At about 200 feet up, you continue to plummet. All right. You're not doing anything else? You're going to take the fall? The very edge of the Bramblewood and the base of the mountain. You're not quite sure where you'll land. You see treetops and rocks. And then the rest of the damage would carry over. That's 20d6. All right, so you're going to take it? All right. You guys watch as the earth elemental curls up, forms this streak of flame and smoke behind, and now a plummeting Keyleth meteor goes slamming into the base of the mountain just past you as you pull up from impacting at terminal velocity. You suffer 76 points of bludgeoning damage upon impact. (boom) This giant crater is left around your form as now there is this somewhat smoke-swirled Keyleth sprawled out in the center of this. The rest of you all eventually catch up. The eagle-back carriers, you on broomback, finding your party bruised, hurt, but ultimately survived this moment of the encounter. As you've all had this moment to yourself, Vex, you hear a noise to your left coming from the exterior of the Bramblewood. You glance off to the side, and you can see, emerging, slowly from the forest, a single humanoid standing before you. No. You see, slowly coming forward, a woman. An older woman, an older goliath woman, missing one eye and missing her forearm-- her left arm, right at the elbow. The right arm clutches a very tall quarterstaff that is being used as a walking stick as she wanders up. You can see dirt smeared in her face, darker dreadlocks pulled tight against the back of the head that dangle past the shoulders, tattoos similar to the ones that adorn Grog across the face and shoulders. She slowly walks towards the party. Let's go ahead and bring our guest for the evening out. You can go around the other way. Let's welcome Chris Perkins! Right to the edge, next to you, Keyleth. As she steps up and emerges from the forest, everyone turns and sees the worry on Vex's face. You do, actually. Not very well. Shale has been around longer than you have as part of the herd, but is mostly considered past her prime as a warrior. Since she lost her arm, was set to the side, and a lot of the herd seems to not value their elders when they become less powerful in battle, but even still, she carries a bit of spit and vinegar to her. But it's been a while since you've seen her, and to see her surviving out here, both curious and honorable. (caw) Shale's holding her staff out. Which caught your attention, the large, crashing boom. How long does the potion last? Yeah, three hours. It's a sizable climb. Gatshadow-- While this portion is the south part of the Cliffkeep Mountains, which get higher the further north you go, this mountain is called Gatshadow because it is dark and ominous and stands out amongst the rest of the mountains. While the other ones crest at about maybe 4,000 feet up, this one's nearly a mile, a little over a mile high. There are sparse trees, most of them dead or dried out towards the top, but other than that the vegetation is pretty sparse. Since you guys landed here? It's probably been about two, three minutes. Even at your fastest pace, eagle speed... The broom is slower than the eagles. Eagle speed you're looking at about-- I'm estimating somewhere between ten to 20 minutes. You would know, being as dragons are your favored enemy, and you have information on that. Generally, they don't-- They themselves can recover over time, and if given a full day or so, they can largely recover from the wounds they have sustained almost entirely, especially a dragon as powerful as an ancient. You would know that, because they understand and fear their demise, or at least are arrogant enough to think it's not possible, they will have certain reserves to try and help them recover if they ever find themselves in a dire circumstance. Occasionally, depending on the intelligence of the dragon and what resources it has at its disposal. Some semblance of healing magic, items they may have acquired that can help. The longer you wait, the more it can recover, is essentially what it comes down to. All right. Go ahead and do that. And Shale, you feel nice and warm at full health as the Mass Cure Wounds tickles you. Unfortunately, no. If only! Correct, no. They were just for that little bit of damage. The Scrying will take you about ten minutes or so. That's if you were all on eagle-back. Which you don't. You have eight people, and you currently have two summoned eagles. Yeah, the speed of the slowest here, you're looking at walking up the mountain. Shale walks away and starts hiking up the rocks at the very base of Gatshadow. To attune to it will take you a short rest. That's up to you guys. Actually, you check, and the equipment that you have attuned to you and attached go into the form with you, so at this moment you realize, "Oh, the axe!" You look behind you, and it's just been dragging behind you in the dirt, carving this path in the rocks and rubble. Like a kid with a deflated balloon you're just dragging behind you. You know where it is. He is up at the top of Gatshadow, somewhere in that mountain. At the moment, seems chilling. Short rest or not, what are you guys doing? It's about a mile up. You're looking at the better part of a day. Yeah. Take shifts with the eagles? Back and forth? Probably about an hour. If you're going to do it that way, yeah. You're still looking at about an hour and a half at that point, with people moving there and back and getting enough rest. You can't short rest on the trip, and the short rest is about an hour, half an hour. Right, but you still have to have the eagles that went to the bottom to pick up the second team to get there, so you're still looking at about an hour and a half to two hours. It's a concentration spell. You can only have one of it up at a time. Yeah. And it only lasts for an hour, and you've already been at this for probably about ten, 15 minutes. You have about another 40 minutes of the eagles. You'd just have to recast it. You said you have Transport Via Plants, right? If you wanted to Scry up that mountain and look at one of the trees at the top, you could do that. That would be, technically, the fastest way. It depends on how close the nearest tree to the cavern would be. Sure. Umbrasyl was looking pretty rough. At your size? The three of you would probably be able to take one eagle, because you are tiny. So we'll say, for the purposes of this, it'll take an additional cast of your spell, so mark off a second casting of Conjure Woodland Beings. However, that brings-- What level is that? Conjure Woodland Beings? Conjure Woodland Beings is a 4th-level spell, Laura. Animals, there we go. Sorry, so yeah, that is 3rd-level. So yeah, mark off your second casting there. You guys manage to make a short rest between the journeys, making your way up towards the dark, blackened rock peak of Gatshadow. We're going to take a short break here for restroom. We'll be back here in a few minutes. In the meantime we have an awesome video from Backblaze to show you guys-- We'll be back here in a few minutes guys, stay tuned for apparently the attack on Umbrasyl's lair. See you in a minute. [break] Okay. I'll let it happen. Usually, you attune one item in a short rest. I think it's fine for this. You get attuned as you walk up the rest of the way. It's fine. So you're out of hit dice? All right. Everyone else good? Ready to jump back in? (laughs) Yes, you did, but you know loosely where it was. As you guys slowly make your way up towards the peak of Gatshadow, you all come to rest maybe, from what best you can tell, is the entrance cavern that Umbrasyl currently calls its home. Across this blackened, dark craggy surface, you see clumps of dead, petrified trees. Leafless, gnarled, and devoid of any life. There are signs of melted stone, soot. Long ago, there may have been a fire that claimed the top of this mountain and set its visual presentation that got its name. However, this is your moment, should you wish to make your way towards your conflict with Umbrasyl. How do you wish to prepare? There is a cavern opening. There are a few small little inlets into the mountain at certain points, but the path that you guys land on that ends? You're going to have to climb around the mountain to get to the entrance of this. There is no walk-up path. Actually, just an opening on the side of the mountain. You're about 400 to 500 feet away from the entrance. You stealth ahead and look a little bit and you notice the path comes to an end. You probably have about a hundred feet that you have to scale the side of mountain to get to the entrance. You see one other small entrance about maybe 60 feet below it, a little bit to the left. That is not my music. That's the atmosphere. Which actually you-- this was probably a couple hundred feet back. They made it near the peak. However, they were spotted upon the approach, and you heard the battle. The very short battle that ensued. Heard the screams of them, far from your eyesight. Yeah. It's all atmosphere, guys. I paid them to do it. I know. All right. Towards where the actual walkable portion of this mountain cliff ends, you have about 40 feet of scaleable wall, at an upward angle, before you can reach that small little inlet that you saw there. An additional 60 feet beyond that is the larger entrance where you saw, the best you can tell, Umbrasyl retreat towards-- or exit before, when you were watching him emerge from the mountain. That's it. Yeah. Totally. So we'll say for the purposes of that, anyone at this point who'd like to make a stealth check, to go ahead and keep yourselves hidden from any onlooking parties. Add ten for Pass Without a Trace. The armored cleric cannot be seen. (laughter) With Vex's help, you guys manage to take bits of the mud, soot, and the burnt remnants of the once lush forest that dotted this mountainside, and darken your exteriors to help obscure the vision of anything that wished to pry, along with the magic drawing the shadows to your forms. You're pretty confident that most of you would be fairly difficult to be spotted by most creatures. That's ridiculous. ASHLEY and You've stealthed through time. People who had seen you previously in your past, have no recollection of ever actually seeing you. (laughter) Exactly. All right. So, what's up now? There you go, just smear it. Okay. On Umbrasyl? Well, here. Let me pull up the actual specifics for Scrying here. It largely depends. It's more like picking a location, as opposed to an actual-- Okay. You are familiar with the target as you've done battles, that does adjust the saving throw for the scry. So, without further ado, what's the DC of your spells currently? 19. Hmm. As your eyes close, your vision projects itself beyond your form, beyond the craggy landscape of Gatshadow, out beyond the mountain pass that ends abruptly. Beyond the cavern entrance, you are pulled within the darkness. Suddenly, you find a little bit of light scatters across the damp stonework of the inside of this cavern. You see stalagmites. You see pools of murky, greenish-brackish liquid, ever so gently disturbed by the wind that curls in and out of this cavern. You see towards the back an elevated platform next to another pool, where a large outcropping of stone that has just slowly pulled itself out of the rock, nearly touching the very height of this cavern. You don't see anything in there. All you hear is (low breathing sound). That's all you see. Okay. Go ahead-- All right. So you manage to find bits of rock and pull yourself across the way. It's not too long a distance but enough to the point where I need you to go ahead and make a basic strength check. 14. Okay. It's hard and you feel part of your muscles build up lactic acid from the exertion, from the previous round with Umbrasyl and you not being necessarily the strongest individual of the troupe, but you do manage to scurry your way up to the edge of this small opening in the mountainside. Getting inside, you get a look this hole continues for about 15 feet into the mountain before it ends abruptly. The only other thing you notice is there are currently four long-dead skeleton corpses within this hole. Perhaps some sort of mountain-climbing expedition or travelers that found their way there, and couldn't escape. There are remnants of a small camp. Perhaps a small fire that is long iced-over through winters past. A layer of dust sits on everything and other than the occasional gust of wind that finds its way in here, largely undisturbed for a long period of time. Okay. You rummage through the remains. You find roughly 85 gold pieces amongst their corpses and spare change in silver and copper-- Copper. The pennies of D&D. Poor things. Copper dragons everywhere are just so disappointed. You do find an oil lantern, climbing gear for four people, some long-spoiled rations. And you find a very moldy diary. As you're scanning through most of the pages that are still intact and not completely molded over or destroyed, it appears to be a journal that contains writings of what was an expedition to reach the peak of Gatshadow, because there was some sort of movement, some sort of activity up there that nobody could really discern. The rumors speak of some sort of creature that would stalk out in the night and steal mountain goats. (belches) Pardon me. Goats! Steal mountain goats, steal or find and kill anybody who lived in-- there used to be a smaller village that lived north on the mountainscape that is now abandoned because of this creature the folklore of the time said supposedly lived at the top of the mountain. It speaks of the entrance, the place that Umbrasyl now calls the lair, and this leads you to believe that this is a fresh lair. Umbrasyl did not appear to always live within Gatshadow, but is only currently making it its lair at the moment. Make a perception check. Actually, this would be investigation. 20. Feeling along the walls, you find elements of the rocks that are easier to break off than others, but this is predominantly the end of this cavern. So Vax finds his way back to the group. (whack sound) No. Because, unexpected, she is swift, and she is strong for being one-armed and of her age. The sting hits the side of your shoulder before you have a moment to really understand and your diminutive form is thrown about three or four feet back before you catch yourself. Make an insight check. Really? So, Chris? Which is easy because you put out the proper hand for the one arm she has. So you're coming up to the entrance. Go ahead and make another strength check. You manage to climb your way up to the larger mouth of the cavern. It's about 40 feet across at the very front of it. And about 50 feet up. It's this large-- Yeah. And the rest of you guys? Are you pursuing? Rest of you climbing along the mountain as well? All right. Everyone who's climbing, I need you to roll a strength check. There's no actual walkway to it. I don't think they are, no. Advantage on the roll. 16? Okay. 18. All right. Okay. And you're floating up? All of you begin to shimmy across the surface. The wind is piercingly cold. The clouds up here are dark and there isn't enough moisture to rain, but there are flashes of some sort of wild lightning storm that go off in the distance in the roiling clouds. As you're making your way across, Pike, your foot skips across one of the stones, it breaks and falls beneath you and you almost lose yourself. Grog grabs you, and holds you in place, and pulls you back up. You all slowly make your way to the very mouth of the cavern. You've been at this point, as well. You wanted to go ahead and make an investigation? All right, go for it. 24. Feeling around the exterior, there are two rocks that are nearly identical, placed at each side of the cavern entrance. Upon approaching, their texture and their weathered appearance is far younger than the rest of the stone around them, and that catches your attention. The nature is some semblance of a magical enchantment. This is a little beyond your understanding unless you want to try and roughshod it in the way you know how. As Keyleth and Shale approach the threshold that you're currently standing at, the rest of you are a little ways behind. He points out these two stones. Go ahead and both of you guys make an arcana check. Shale, just from what you've seen in the world. Oh, druids. You ascertain, Shale, just from stumbling upon such constructions, this is-- There's some sort of magical essence to these rocks. It's old magic, which is the only reason you really recognize it. It's not the hoity-toity-learned-in-a-tower magic all the stupid people in the world tend to learn. This is old magic. That's all you were able to pick from it. It's old magic. There are two stones about three to four foot in diameter that are almost matching, that are younger, less weathered than the rest of the stonework around them. They're on opposite sides. You could circumvent them, they're not in your path. They are embedded in the sides of the wall. So you could pass through them, over them, however else you want to try and circumvent them. You can, yeah. Yes. Your 4th-level Stoneshape. You cause a portion of the rock wall at the side of the cavern to actually forge itself into a tunnel, circumventing the exterior rock on the left. Okay. So roll your stealth check. Yeah, because you've come out of stealth and back into it. So you make your way into the next portion. You're actually able to start seeing-- --in a raised platform, in a pool of somewhat pungent-smelling liquid as you get even remotely close to it, the fume causes your sinuses to open and burn and tingle. Make a perception check. 27? You hear a very faint breathing. Breathing that is trying to stay quiet, but by the sheer immensity of the beast creating the sound, you can pick up the very subtle movement of air through the normally still cavern. (faint breathing noise) Stealth. About there would be in tandem with where you were. As he curls back, the cavern is revealed further. The pool does come to an end. There are pieces of stone that jut out of the floor. You do see now, scattered across the grounds, occasionally a bit of shine, a little coin-- gold, silver-- elements of wealth that've been dragged deeper into the cavern that have left behind them some remnants in the process of being carried and carted in. Actually, no. Because she's really well stealthed. No. You guys have no visual perspective on each other. You've all stealthed away from your own party. Yes, there is. The light grows dim at about this point, then it becomes darkness at about this point. Yeah. What little bit of daylight that's coming in the cavern entrance would be over here. What you can see, it is flat. There's a little, very faint breeze that occasionally comes through so there's a slight disturbance here and there, but no specific visual disturbance. Because of your darkvision, being an elf, you can see pretty much to the edge of this. There's no displacement of the pool. A little bit of a further view, just the cavern continues in that direction. You can hear it very faintly. You can't quite make out the source. There is something about the room and the air that's travelling through here. The sound itself, you're just barely catching it and it seems to be reverberating to a small extent off the walls of this cavern, which carry sound very well. You look up, you see about 60 feet, 70 feet in the air, just past where your vision begins to fade-- The only reason you know there's a ceiling there is because there are a few points of rock, the top of the cavern does descend into stalactites-- it is? Yes. Thank you. Not from what you can see, no. The mineral build-up of the inside of this cavern leads to a direct, slick surface in the walls. The minerals rounded off most of the stone. Make a stealth check. All right. What is it? All right. So you're back where you were. The rest of you, what are you doing? This opens up slightly more, and you get to see a portion of the mineral growth-- a lot of the moisture that has coalesced into the ceiling has come into a central point, and over time, it just built up these central columns of rock and natural materials. A few pools have gathered towards the base. You see portions of the ground where elements of the acrid liquid that filled the pool over here just dripped in. Whether they began this way or turned by the dragon's presence, you are unaware. But that's as far as you can see. At this point, you can make out that additional pool of acid, the far back corner and a risen platform, you see the portion of the cavernous stone beginning to mass into a higher level towards the far back corner. Roll a perception check. 20. You listen in... Silence. Stillness. The very faint whisper of wind far behind you. As you come around this corner, being as careful as you can, looking around you-- (impact). Your shoulder hits something. Roll initiative. All right. So you have just bumped into the currently invisible form of Umbrasyl lying in wait in the far corner of the cavern. That would be a 20 initiative from Umbrasyl. At this travel pace, it's been about 45 seconds or so. You hear "Jenga!" out of the back of the earring as, let's say the rest of you guys are right here. I assume Trinket is in your necklace? All right. This is going to be you, with your big stick. Chilling here with the rest of the party. So, at the top of this round, you just hear the growl, the snarl. (snarling) You say "Jenga," blades already at the ready, you go to stab as (swooshing) all of a sudden, you hear this swishing sound of air being cut through at such a speed that it causes a high-pitched whine. Claws and teeth come spinning out of nowhere. You can't even see your attacker but you feel the brunt force behind each of these blows. No, you've still got Uncanny Dodge on one of the attacks. Just from your roguish instincts. Correct. It gets disadvantage on the first attack, which is going to be a bite. That's a natural 19, and a two! With the two, that brings it to a 17. So with that, you (whoosh) see for a split second, the ripple of teeth snap before you, missing your face by mere inches before they disappear once again. Two more claws (whoosh) towards you. The first one, that's a 19 again and a seven. That's going to be a 22. Oh, your AC would be 20 because you're not hasted right now. So that would put you at 18 points of slashing damage. Halved to nine. Also your displacement is gone from your cloak. Yeah. For the next attack, it's a 19. Misses you? 20? Yeah. The second claw swings through, at this point, from the pain of the first strike of the dragon claw hits you, you back up to the very edge of the cave and duck out of the way as you hear the wind change. As you do, you hear the stone crash behind you as the claw misses you, slamming instead to the side of the cavern wall. It's now your turn. You hold your action until one of your friends is on it and then you move? Okay. So that ends your turn. Everyone else, I need you to roll initiative. Your initiative from before was--? So 25 to 20? (laughs) Percy! So that's 20. 20 to 15? Another 19! Nice! So Pike then Keyleth. Scanlan, what did you get? (laughter) And Scanlan taking the rear. As you guys hear the crashing of stone at the far corner accompanied directly after the whisper of Vax's cry-out of "Jenga!" you already know shit is going down. Percy, you're up first. Clutching the bottom of the broom that has not moved yet, what are you doing with your turn? So you're firing in this direction? Go ahead and make your attacks at disadvantage. Due to the massive size of this currently still invisible entity, you do manage to catch an odd bullet towards its form. Go ahead and roll damage. All righty. (gunshot sound) Gun goes off, echoes, little bit of dust comes loose from the ceiling and falls down as you ready for your next shot. At disadvantage. This time, the shot goes the second time (gunshot sound) poofs against some stone in the distance, not hitting its mark. So with that, the third shot (click), nothing emerges from it. And you look down. It's not been a day for Percy. Not a dash, because you used your action. As she takes her one good arm and cleans out, missing an eye now or maybe missing an eardrum. (laughs) That's going to end your turn, Percy? This one, right here? That brings us to Vex. You would still have one more use, yes. Go for it. At disadvantage on this shot, as you cannot see the actual entity. You're firing into the darkness. 19? Nope! Okay. As your reaction, you guide her-- though the blazing bowstring was unfortunately used on the first attack that missed. Okay, I misunderstood. As you go for the attack, you see the actual arrow bursting into flames, not quite sure where to fire. You're about to pull back and aim and Pike shouts to you, putting her hand out. Suddenly, a spark of divine energy hits the front of the bow and corrects its course, beyond your actual arm motion, and you release, based on the faith you have in Pike. The arrow strikes true. You hear a slight growling roar from the distance. Go ahead and roll damage. 22, nice. It would say in the actual item. You send Trinket out, ten feet in front. Trinket is going to go-- it's 40 feet, right? Trinket rushes forward there. You go make your second attack. Trinket goes (angry bear growls) big old grizzly bear charging into the darkness, growling echoing through the cavern. 27 with disadvantage still hits, yeah. Your honed senses to dragon-kind, you can remember the mass, and general size and placement based on the sound you heard from the growls from the first impact you made. You just strike again in the same direction, hitting true. Roll damage. 12 damage. Just on the one. Yes, I'll allow it because he is currently threatening it. It was a lucky shot. It was a very lucky shot. All righty, good to know. So, total of-- 17. Thank you. Both arrows done. Trinket rushing in-- You can duck down, but you've used most of your action in this turn to sail in, and you can't hide per se. Makes sense. All right, so we're now at 20. At this point in time, the roar hits (roaring), echoing through the cavern. As the echoing begins to vibrate and the noise doesn't subside, the low hum turns instead to a (buzzing) as seemingly out of the pool of acid, a cloud of biting, stinging insects emerges. (buzzing) Floats in this direction, getting the three of you right there. I'll say for the purposes of this that you guys are both in that radius. Anyway, this cloud of insects moves in to-- I need Percy, Shale, and Vex to make constitution saving throws. 18. So you guys both, being dexterous and quick, but also able to maintain your form-- the best you can at this turn-- manage to pull out of the way without too much impact. However, poor Shale is surrounded by the insects. You take 12 points of piercing damage as the insects riddle you with bites and stings. At this point now, you hear a few footfalls, Vax. You see a splash in the pool next to you that almost scatters against you, bits of it hitting the edge of your armor, but the armor absorbs the blow, being attuned towards acid resistance. A few other steps as it begins to walk away. I'll allow you to make an attack of opportunity with disadvantage-- Yeah, as you sense that it's moving away, you wildly swing out in front of you. 15. Whiffs on air. However, (heavy footfalls) moving forward. A voice comes roaring out into the area, "You dare soil my home after what you've done below?! I will watch you dissolve "before I suck down your liquid forms!" I need Vex, Pike, Keyleth, Scanlan, and Percy to all make dexterity saving throws. Not enough to prevent this. It's a lobbed stream of liquid acid that comes and surrounds, corroding. Not unless you have something that gives you advantage on him. Nope. All right, so. You use Cutting Words to reduce the damage. 18, all right. Hold on, I'll just double-check while you're saying this. Just to bring up the ability. It would have to be a damage roll, because there's no attack roll. There's no other roll incorporated on this other than the damage roll. Right. But it reduces the damage roll, which affects everybody. It's faded since it's a concentration spell. Yeah. If you were to use Cutting Words on this, it would reduce the damage all of you would take from it. What are your cutting words, Scanlan? Go ahead and roll your bardic inspiration die. So 18 saving throw. What was yours? Keyleth? Vex? One. Pike? Seven. Okay, reduced by three, you all suffer 47 points of acid damage. You take half of that. You take 23 points of acid damage. After its long, angry, boastful diatribe, as it rears back to blow, your words confuse it, and the spray seems a little off-center than what it intended. However, most of you are now currently dealing with the searing pain of the acid pressed against your bodies. Ending that turn, Vax, you're up. You did. It came from there, this area. Correct. Because you don't know if it moved away or not. You don't know exactly where it is. You just know it's somewhere in that vicinity. Nope. 22 just hits. Trinket, however, is actually adjacent to Umbrasyl. So you could do sneak attack damage. 26. All right. So one dagger just vanishes into the darkness. The other one sticks into the hide for a second before disappearing in a plume of smoke, reappearing at the side of your belt. You hear a low (snarling grunt). All right. Looking at the rest of this cavern-- There is what seems to be the majority of the funds that were gathered from Westruun, and whatever else of the previous dragon's hoard have currently been brought over to the new lair. Who knows how much has been-- So, that end your turn? All right. Now it comes to Shale. You are currently surrounded by stinging, biting insects. There you go. You come pushing through, brushing them off with your stump and your staff, waving it in front. Angrily growling, you come to rest at the side of this one pillar that juts out of the ground, with Vex right above you. You can't see anything. But you do hear right in front of you a growling, snarling bear. You see elements and flashes of the bear that you saw Vex summon forth from her throat. It's stomping around a little bit. You saw where the actual projectile came from, so you know it's somewhere in this vicinity. A nine. You hear, slowly curling out from the darkness ahead of you, "Bravery means nothing. "Survival and victory mean everything!" And that's how you end a round. Pike, you're up. Okay. So you move over and leap up onto Grog's back, holding tightly. What's the trigger for your action that you're holding? The next time you sense the dragon is attacking somebody? All right. What action are you holding? Is it a spell? So you begin preparing the spell. You are now concentrating on it, as you're holding the back of Grog. Okay. Holding that bit, that brings us to Keyleth. What are you doing? You don't know. Over here? You're going to get up around there, unless you want to try and go over the top of the rocks. That way is going to require a climb check. All right, go ahead and make a strength check. Yeah, it's not too hard. You ran up, grab, leap over the side. You can get right there. In this vicinity. You can see Trinket is currently snarling and lashing out and biting in this area of the cavern. All righty. So, Faerie Fire. You guys watch as suddenly, this burst of somewhat violet-ish blue light, like a small, tiny explosion of glitter and starlight just hits the area and outlines the entirety of the large dragon Umbrasyl. Yeah, failed saving throw. Actually, you know what? Yeah, I do. Third and final legendary resistance. You get a glimpse of where Umbrasyl is and then the magic dissipates. Umbrasyl vanishes from sight. He can succeed automatically. It's a choice to succeed. Nope. No. That's true. Yeah. It does, yeah. Well, no. Essentially he rolled at disadvantage to make the saving throw. Failed it. And then decided to succeed using legendary resistance. As far as you know, from previous experience with dragons, there are no further uses of its legendary resistance. Does that end your turn, Keyleth? It's a level one spell, you still have more up your sleeves if you wanted to try it later. You can't use a bonus action to hide, unfortunately. Because you're not a rogue. Sorry, girl. You can totally do that. And you are currently hugging in the pillar going, (panting). At the end of Keyleth's turn, it's going to use two of its legendary actions to wing attack. It's going to beat its wings, everything within 15 feet, which right now would only be Trinket, has to go ahead and succeed on a dexterity saving throw. Go ahead and roll a dexterity saving throw for Trinket. 12. Okay. So Trinket takes 15 points of bludgeoning damage-- Because of the armor? Then you can find another Dungeon Master. All right, so that ends Keyleth's turn. Grog, you're up. This way? All right. That's about as far as you can get there. So that's movement with Pike on your back. So, that's your movement? All right. (growling) Sends you into the rage. You still have your action. Anything you want to do? Are you holding your action for any particular thing? All right. That ends Grog's turn. Scanlan, you're up. Not from what you can tell, no. Okay. You take your d10 inspiration die. And Stinking Cloud. Haven't seen that in a while. Stinking Cloud. Where are you setting it? Right there? All right. We'll put this over here to keep track of the Stinking Cloud, we'll just know the insects are in this vicinity as most people have passed beyond it. With that, Umbrasyl is going to attempt a constitution saving throw. Three plus 14, that's a 17. What's the DC? All right. That will technically be at the start of its turn, but we will carry that over. All right. The cloud appears in this space. You can already hear (coughing). Are you going to move or stay where you are? It's still in this vicinity. Yeah, if you want to make a strength check to climb. 17. Yeah, you actually hopscotch up, leap over Percy and get up on top next to her over there. All right. That ends your turn, Scanlan. With that, it's going to use its third legendary action this turn to attempt a tail attack against you, Vex. You're welcome. I will stab you. That is a 19 to hit. 20! With that, you dodge out of the way. You feel the impact of some large, heavy slam onto the stone right next to you. Pieces of it break off, and then withdraws, barely dodging it in time. All right, that ends-- Yes, you can. What's the word? Appear. There you go! Oh, that's cocked. All right. That is a19 plus 11. I'm pretty sure it makes the save. Sorry. That would've been during your turn. You can only hold your action. Good try. Brings us to the top. Percy, you're up. All right. Towards the pool? You can get there. You're outside of the insect cloud, not a worry. As you're running, you're cleaning it, polishing, loading it. Okay, looks good. Okay, your Second Wind? Go for it. Okay. Vex. Yeah. You do see some elements of the cloud are displaced in places. It's not showing you exactly where it is, but you are aware that the entity of Umbrasyl is directly in front of Shale, and nearly directly in front of you. No. Not to mention the fact that you are technically in its melee range. So any of your ranged attacks-- Unless it's five foot. Is it five foot, or is it melee? Trying to remember. I think it's five feet. But regardless, it's close to you, it's bad news. Trinket can move independently of you. It's half-movement, yeah. Okay. So Trinket's going to go ahead and-- roll a perception check for Trinket. But there is a Stinking Cloud right there. Roll again. We'll see if Trinket can discern between-- That would be Trinket's wisdom-- 22. Okay. Trinket (bear sniffs and growl) runs past here, but can only make 20 feet of its movement because he used the rest to get out of prone. However, strafes aside and begins reaching out and starts snapping, so you want to give Trinket--? Okay. As part of your attack action? Is that what you're doing? As your bonus action on it? Okay, go for it. Have Trinket roll for an attack. With disadvantage because it is invisible. 15. Trinket slashes out in the air. With the obfuscation of the Stinking Cloud and the invisible dragon, Trinket's just getting mouthfuls of air. On the broom, still? I mean, that will give you a little more action, you just can't attack from the broom because you'll have disadvantage on your attacks since you haven't finished your set-up yet. As far as you can get on your regular feet. There. You are completely out in the open. You have no way of hiding right now. You be can like, "Hide! "You don't see me!" Yes, you can. There? Okay, you can get there. However, as you rush by, Umbrasyl does get an attack of opportunity on you. He's going to make a bite as you rush by. That is going to be a 30 to hit? All right. Huh? No. That's not quite what it does. (laughter) A total of 33 points of damage as you rush past. All right, that ends your turn, Vex? All right. The insect cloud fades away, insects just dying off and dropping to the ground in piles of currently twitching insects. However, the acid pools suddenly begin to rumble and expand and reach out. Any creature within 20 feet of the pool has to make a strength saving throw. So that will be Shale, Grog, Pike and Vex. Strength. 23, good to know. Pike? All right. 13. And? Five. All right, so you guys both manage to, as the pool swishes out and comes up to your knees, Grog, and you just pull back and lean against the wall. As the pool subsides back, no immediate effect. Just barely manages to catch you. However, both Shale and Vax are pulled 20 feet into the pool-- I'm sorry. Vex. I keep saying it now. Over and over again. Pulled into the actual acid pool. Yep. I'm sorry about that. You both are knocked prone and pulled into the water. Because it is an acid pit, you both also suffer 12 points of acid damage. Both Shale and Vex. All right. Now Umbrasyl, who failed the saving throw-- I can't believe Stinking Cloud worked. The creature spends its action retching and reeling. Yep. So the action is spent, the dragon is just (coughing), which is good because it rolled a five and got its breath weapon back. But it can't use it this turn because it's coughing and "You-- "I will-- " It rears back, about to spit the acid before (coughs) and bits of it come streaming out of the nose, like the milk-in-the-nostrils thing except for it's acid. That's the dragon. Okay. That ends its action. It is going to move out, see if it's-- I forgot to roll concentration for the Invisibility on the last attack that happened. I just rolled a one. With that, it appears once again on the map. The Invisibility spell no longer there. It's going to stomp over, out of the cloud, right there. He does, actually. Go ahead and roll for Trinket. 17? That misses. Or it hits and Trinket's claws streak across the back of the dragon's hide. No damage sustained. But good job, Trinket. All right, so-- He's doing great. Vax, you're up. All right. What's the far range on it? He's out of range. Still can't get close enough, not with your full movement. You can move 30 feet. Okay. Okay, so you pull her behind the pillar. You go ahead and feed her the healing potion. That is your turn. He dragged you out of the acid pool. All right, so that is a 4d4 plus four healing to you. That ends Vax's turn. Shale, you're up. You do, actually. You take six points of acid damage. You've now stepped up right there. The dragon is fully visible to you. Go for it. You have three attacks, correct? Across the hide, no damage. As a level 13 fighter, don't you get a third attack with your action? Okay. Roll damage with the quarterstaff. Okay. All right. Go for it. 15 hit points to you, go for it. Ending Shale's turn, that brings us to Pike. But at the end of Shale's turn, the dragon is going to use a legendary action to attempt a tail attack against you, Scanlan, as you are the source of the Stinking Cloud that caused it to cough. It goes, (growls) "Foolish bard, get back into my stomach!" And as it whips around, its tail comes streaking overhead and it rolls a natural one! (cheering) Pike, it's your turn. You're in the position for it. What level are you casting Guiding Bolt? Third level on Guiding Bolt. All right. That will put it at 6d6. So go ahead and roll a spell attack. Go ahead and roll 6d6 and we'll double it. It's a critical hit. 50 points of radiant damage right up Umbrasyl's posterior. Suddenly as Pike, still clutching onto the back of Grog, you reach and grab the symbol of Sarenrae, leaving your sword to the side of your sheath, hold it forward. And as you do, you concentrate, a glowing beam of radiant energy shoots forward just as Shale knocks the backside of Umbrasyl. The tail streaks overhead to hit Scanlan, leaves you a nice, direct shot right at the dragon rump. There's a dull (impact) sound, and Umbrasyl sits straight up for a second (confused noise, explosion) as there's a burst of divine, explosive energy right in the posterior (painful growl). Looking back, there's now a shiny glow, pulsing from the back of Umbrasyl's body. And the next attack has advantage against Umbrasyl. That's your action. You still have your movement and bonus, if you want. Okay. Where do you want your Spiritual Weapon to go? What level is Spiritual Weapon, Second level? Yep. All right. Where are you setting it? All right. Sitting right there at the tail of Umbrasyl, this giant, glowing, radiant meathook appears and makes its strike. Go ahead and make your spell attack against Umbrasyl. All right. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage. It's a 1d8 plus five. Nice, all right. Going to stay where you are? Or you going to move? So you're still piggybacking on Grog. Got it. Okay, that ends Pike's turn. Keyleth, you're up. Actually, at the end of Pike's turn-- Okay. You're staying where you are, though? Okay, so you'll be there. At the end of your turn, Umbrasyl's going to use another legendary action to make a second tail attack at Scanlan again, frustrated by this whole circumstance. That's a 20. You may, if you want to. It's a natural 20. You could reduce the damage though, with your Cutting Words. Probably for the best. For that, you suffer 28 points of bludgeoning damage. As the tail swoops down, finding its mark, slamming into you, sending you against the wall of the stonework, and you stumble forward back into place, feeling already the impact of the bludgeoning wound. So you reduce that to 24. So 24 points of bludgeoning damage from the attack. However, Umbrasyl's next saving throw is at a disadvantage because of Mythcarver. Now, Keyleth, what are you doing? Yes, it does. With disadvantage on the saving throw. So that's a four plus nine because of the disadvantage. I rolled a ten and a four. That will bring it to 13. It does not succeed. You watch as a second burst of purplish energy surrounds Umbrasyl, radiating a glow. Gilmore would love this right now. "Fancy dragon! Now we're talking!" You went from being not able to see the dragon to very much being able to see the dragon. All right. Okay! Look at you being a druid and shit. Water elemental Keyleth. Are you going to stay there? If you'd like to. You gather, yes. Pretty big range. You're right there. Scanlan is right next to you, to the right. Unfortunately, the cliff ends right there. So you couldn't get in front of Scanlan without dropping onto a lower platform. Percy is down there. You could fill some of Umbrasyl's space but you're not going to be able to guard anybody from an attack, unfortunately. Especially being an entity made of water, not a whole lot of defensive strategy in there. Shale's over here. Flanking from the side. All right. Grog, you're up. There you go. You already have advantage on all the attacks because of Faerie Fire. So you don't need-- Yeah. Go for it. Barbarian crits, man. Well, do the damage for the critical, yeah. 24. Okay. The dice roll is? Well, you roll 1d12. What was that, the first d12 you rolled? 12. So make a-- it was a 12? Oh, shit! Okay, that's a 24. And then you add your modifier. And then roll two more d12s. So, that's 24 plus, is that seven? Plus the two for the axe. Oh my god! That'll be at 33. Plus the necrotic-- oh, fuck! And that's doubled too. Okay. Yeah, we have to now. So it's 24 plus two for the axe, plus seven for the strength. Hold on, getting there. We're getting there. It's getting math crunchy here, guys. So 24 plus nine, so that's 33, plus-- the necrotic? Times two, which is ten. That's 43, plus the two other d12s, which is an 11. So that's 54. Plus your last d12. You did 64 points of damage with this one critical hit. All right. So that's your first attack. 20. The first strike swings wide and slams deep into an already open wound left by a rogue earlier in the sky. This time, the axe sinks deep into its body, and Umbrasyl roars out in immense pain. You see spittle and blood both being jettisoned from its mouth under the sheer pain that it's feeling. You take the axe, and you push even deeper, and push even deeper and withdraw. As you do, the blade is entirely covered in deep purplish-black dragon blood. You swing for a second strike. This time it puts its claw out and catches the axe in the middle of the air. You manage to wrench it free from its grasp, but it turns its head toward you, angrily. That is Channel Divinity? I'll go ahead and double-check here real fast. It won't do anything. It helped you with the temporary hit points, it helped you with-- SAM, MARISHA and It helped you with the fear-resistance to begin with. That was a big one. Channel Divinity, War God's Blessing and you can Channel Divinity twice. So you can do it a second time, you can. Wait, didn't you use it-- between rests, yeah. You could do it a second time if you want to. All right. So with that, with a plus ten brings it to 30. So, as Umbrasyl grabs the axe, stopping it in mid-air, you just grin, reach forward with the axe, and push it into its actual claw. Go ahead and roll damage. 27 points of damage. All right. And do you want to use your bonus action? Yes, you do. All right. 21. As you push the blade into Umbrasyl's hand, (angry snarl) it rears back its head and snaps toward you. You duck out of the way, pull the blade back and go for a third strike. This time however, it actually rears its torso up, putting its claws in the air, and you (slicing) find air right beneath it. Does not strike true. Yeah. That finishes Grog's turn. At the end of Grog's turn, it's going to use its third legendary action to go ahead and make a-- Actually, no, its going to hold onto that legendary action. All right, that brings us to Scanlan. Scanlan, because you took the tail attack earlier, I'll have you roll a concentration check for Stinking Cloud. You have advantage on it though, so add your constitution bonus. Yeah, you're fine. You can. I think it moves from a short breeze, actually. Older versions, I think you could. Bigby's Interposing Hand, all righty. The idea is, you can use your bonus action to set it each turn to what you want it to do. So right now, you're having it as an Interposing Hand. So, yeah. It prevents it from moving-- The Interposing Hand interposes between you and a creature you choose until you give it a different command. It stays between the two of you, providing you half-cover against the target. So it helps from ranged attacks. Okay, so you're just going to go and Clenched Fist? Of course you are! Go ahead and make a melee spell attack. That would be over here d20, add your spell attack modifier. 27, that hits. Go ahead and roll 4d8 force damage, as Bigby angrily jams the magical finger back into the wound. It's 4d8 force damage. Ten points of force damage. All right, Scanlan, are you going to move or stay where you are? Vax is over here. He says this as a giant Bigby's Hand is just (impact sounds) at the side of a giant, black dragon. That brings us to the top of the initiative round. Percy, it's your turn. Oh my god. You are about ten feet from it right now. Okay, Percy. You walk right up to the dragon. 26 hits. 23 points of damage, all right. 22 just hits. Go ahead and roll damage. All right. Go for it. I know, seriously. All right. As you unload on Umbrasyl, the pent-up anger and frustration, you start slashing over and over again. You guys watch as the blade shines in the air in the presence of its naturally designed enemy. You see at the corners of his outfit little tufts of dark smoke beginning to appear. The scar of Orthax still shows when the fury builds within Percy. As each blow strikes, cutting away hunks and bits of dragon flesh and scale, Umbrasyl is heavily wounded and looking desperate. That ends your turn, I believe? You guys gave it time to rest. Amazing what a dragon can do in two hours. All right. Vex. Actually, at the end of Percy's turn, he's going to use his third legendary action, knowing the source of the Faerie Fire and extremely frustrated by the fact that it has lent to a very difficult round, it turns towards the now water elemental quivering before it, and the tail comes down to smash towards your liquid form. Speaking of natural 20s. 32 points of bludgeoning damage. Halved, because of your elemental. Does water elemental have resistance to damage? All right, so half that. So 32 made to 16. 16 points of bludgeoning damage. I need you to go ahead and roll a concentration check. Roll a concentration check. So roll a d20 and add your constitution modifier. You maintain concentration. You needed to beat the 16. Well, half the damage. No, it would've been ten, actually, because it's half the damage you receive. All right, cool. So Vex, what are you doing? A lot of them are. Pretty much the whole party aside from Pike, you, and your brother. Correct, thank you. Yes, it does. Go ahead and roll damage. As a bonus action? All right. Good memory on that one. 19 damage? All right. Yep. Go ahead and roll damage for the second hit. 23. All right. So, ending your turn, comes to the top of the round. Umbrasyl, now gripping into the stone, "I will not fall!" Suddenly, darkness begins to sweep into the area. In this area, a 15-foot radius all completely around Umbrasyl, all of you in this area, your vision goes dark. Cancels out Faerie Fire. This is magical darkness. No, this is an effect of the lair. Actually, Faerie Fire would still affect it if you attacked it, per se, but it doesn't reveal its location currently within the darkness. However, it is technically larger than the darkness. Regardless, all of you guys that are in there, it would negate the advantage you would have from Faerie Fire. It would just be a central attack. A little bit of it's piercing through, because it is magic on magic. However, the rest of you see most of the party disappear into a giant sphere of magical darkness that fills the space. You see the wings poking out the sides of it. You still see where he would be. Okay, so with that, Umbrasyl is going to go ahead and take a risk. He's going to lift his wings and head upward to move into an advantageous position. Unfortunately, you have to be grasping it or grappling it to attempt to-- Which one? Trying to remember how this works. College of Lore. I don't know if it is. Because what you do is you grapple-- Oh, War Caster! Thank you, that clarifies it. I was like, I don't see this in the College of Lore! You're confusing me! So as a War Caster, when a hostile creature's movement provokes an opportunity attack from you, you can use your reaction to cast a spell at the creature rather than making an opportunity attack. So yeah, if you wanted to go ahead and attempt to grapple-- You can totally attempt that. Bigby, go ahead and make a strength athletics check to beat a dragon's strength. Bigby is just slightly under the strength of the dragon, so let's see. It's a roll-off. It was a 19 on my end. Natural 19. As Bigby's Hand reaches forward, the angry, wounded, frustrated, furious Umbrasyl just kicks the hand away, pulling up. Attack of opportunity from you, you, you, and you. No, it does not get attacks of opportunity. Without advantage, because of the magical darkness that has surrounded you guys. The darkness would give you disadvantage, the Faerie Fire negates that. I'm letting you do this. That hits. Okay. Grog? All right, so Grog and Keyleth both get a hit in. Go ahead and roll damage. 20, all right. Good to know. Because that's bullshit. So as you swing out, you arc, and the axe strikes across the back of Umbrasyl's hide. You slam with your water elemental form. The flight is staggered, and barely lands on his feet. Umbrasyl, "I will take you all down!" Unleashes. I need a dexterity saving throw from Shale, Percy, Keyleth, and Scanlan. All right. Shale actually succeeded on that one. DC 23. So you take half damage on that one. That's going to be, doing the dice rolls here. So that's 62 points of acid damage down to 31 to Shale, and 31 to you because you're resistant. So 62 points of acid damage to both of you guys. Your armor takes it by half, so you would take 31. And with that, it takes the rest of its action to move further back at its 80 foot flight, and it's going to end up right about there. I know! Leaving the Spiritual Weapon there. All right, that's going to end its turn. That now brings it to Vax. Oh, you need to make a concentration check, by the way, from the damage you just took. He did. Add your constitution modifier. The Faerie Fire fades as the acid consumes you, no longer affected by it. All right. Vax, it's your turn. To answer your question, no. Nope. Okay, that would be about there. Okay. You go rushing, clambering onto the back of its tail. It swoops around and sees you doing so, but you're already quick and on it. What are you going to do? Okay. Good to know. All right, that takes the end of Vax's turn. Shale, you're up. Speed of 20 feet, you said? You can't quite get to it, unfortunately. That's about as far as you can move this turn. You can dash if you want to, but even so, you still can't quite get to it. Okay, there we go. All right! Ending Shale's turn. Pike, you're up. You do, actually. That's true. 22, that just barely hits. Go ahead and roll damage. Nine points of damage, got it. Technically, because you are behind, you are flanking it, so as we'll use the flanking rules for this, you do have advantage on the attack. 29 hits. Go ahead and roll damage with sneak attack. 24, all righty. Correct, yeah, you just get the one action to hold. So as part of your action surge, you get two more attacks. The one hit, it snorts in reaction to it. As it pulls back, you swing twice more, pretty sure the head was in the same place it was going to be, but unfortunately, meet air. Curse your sight! Caught the attention. All right, that brings us to Pike. What are you doing? What level is Prayer of Healing? Within 30 feet of you, so five, ten, 15, 20, 25, 30. That's as close as you can get right now. It's enough for Scanlan and Keyleth. Percy's not in range. You can. Stay right there. Okay. You can just barely make out the position of where Umbrasyl is. You can go ahead and make the attack, but it's going to get cover bonus to the range. You can move here if you want to, and it'll help a little bit. It'll only give it a minor bonus. Go ahead and make your attack. Go ahead and make your spell attack. Is this basic level Guiding Bolt? Okay. You try and reach around and as it's moving its wings about, you manage to strike the stone just blocking half of its form. It splashes with energy and dissipates with no effect, unfortunately. Yeah. You can do that, yeah. 20 feet? To there. Is that as far as you can move it? Spiritual Weapon can move, I believe it's 20 feet. Yeah, that's as far as you can get it. The range of the spell is 60 feet, but as a bonus action, you can move it 20 feet and repeat the attack. Keyleth, you're up. Yeah. Yep. You're not sure. Okay, what's your movement as a water elemental? 30 feet. 60, you're so close. Fucking dragon wings. There you go, you're so close. We'll say you're there, that's fine. That ends your turn, Keyleth? All right. Grog, you're up. There's healing and then greater healing, so I imagine it would probably be greater healing. Yeah. Sure. Go ahead and make a dexterity saving throw to catch the tossed potion at that distance. You don't even look. You can keep moving if you want. All right. Finishing Grog's turn, Scanlan, you're up. I'm conflicted in giving that inspiration. Take it, it's fine. No, it's perfect. Throw? Okay, so Bigby's Hand will move with you 60 feet. Okay. We'll go ahead and use some of the platforms today. Problem with leaving it to heal, man. Should be more like there, we'll say. You may. 29 hits. 26, got it. All right, second attack. Both hit. Go ahead and roll damage. All right. As Bigby's Hand lifts you up, you reach out and swing with the axe, one hit, a second hit, both streaking across the face, the second one actually cutting through one of the eyes. The eye bursts against the blade of bloodaxe, and you can see now the fluids and material that once were contained within are now spilling down the side of Umbrasyl's face. All right, Scanlan. That was your bonus action. I'd say there's an arc you could probably hit, yeah. Sure. The heart region of the dragon. All right. That is a dexterity 21 save, so I'm pretty sure it's halved. Go ahead and roll 8d6, half damage. 12 points of lightning damage. All right. The bolt of lightning bursts through the body. All righty. That comes to the top of the round. At the end of Scanlan's turn, it's going to use a legendary action to strike down, with the tail, onto Vax behind, as you are already in that vicinity. No, this is instead going to be a 26 to hit. That is instead a 24 to hit. All right. So what would be 18 damage, you take nine instead from the tail. Percy. It's a greater, yes. 4d4 plus four. Okay, that is nine plus 14, 23. Dragons. Okay. All right, second shot. The first one (boom) slams and blasts near the ocular socket of Umbrasyl, shattering the bone, but not actually damaging the eye. The second shot manages to go through the wing, but unfortunately, the area was already damaged, and it's minimal in the effect on the dragon. Third strike? It fell to the table. Two other shots, unfortunately, (bang). Okay. End of Percy's turn, going to use another legendary action to slam with the tail once again towards you, Vax. This is going to be-- Correct. 25? You only get one reaction, so yeah. That's going to be 22 points of bludgeoning damage. Whack! The tail comes down and slams into you, putting you face-first into the stone. You can feel the blood run from your nose from the impact as the tail picks back up again. Vex, you're up. Arrow just splinters across the dragon's hide. What was the second one? 16, the second arrow strikes the side of Umbrasyl's face. Unfortunately, once again, the wood shaft streaks across, broken and destroyed by the impact. That ends your turn. Okay, you can do that, roll stealth. Did you add sneak attack? Oh, no, because nothing hit. Sorry. Sorry, I was trying to be mindful. Trying to help. Failing miserably, but trying. No. Hunter's Mark got rid of that. Okay, good to know. Top of the round. Magical darkness fills this entire sphere once more, encapsulating Grog, Vax, and everybody else in the area of the dragon. Vision is taken. You are all considered blind and have disadvantage on any attack rolls. Dragon does not seem to be-- Blind where you are. Affected by it. Correct, yes. Actually, let me see something. With a five. Yep. Umbrasyl is going to turn up towards you, Grog. The head peeks out of the darkness for a second, right before it fills your space, and it just says, "I will finish this." You hear a familiar sound of gurgling, and then (liquid spray) out another time. This is going to go for everything in that vicinity. That's going to be Keyleth, Shale, Grog, Trinket, and Percy. You couldn't move that far, unfortunately. That's as far as you could go with your movement. So I need a dexterity saving throw from all of you guys. Yeah. And Trinket? Oh. What's the range on Cutting Words, unfortunately? Unfortunately. The distance of the bard. Just to make sure. 60 feet, yeah. So that's 66 points of acid damage to Grog, Shale, halved to you, and 66 to Percy. Trinket is unconscious and dissolving. Percy is unconscious and dissolving. Grog? You're good. Hit points. Yes, you do. Shale, what are you at? Fantastic! She's got grit! She's got perseverance! All right, Grog, go for it. Not with advantage. The reckless is for your actual attack round. I'm pretty sure it is. Let me double check. Just so the internet doesn't yell at me. It's going to yell at me anyway, it always yells at me. During this turn, not round, so yeah. 27 was the hit? That hits. Roll damage. 22. How do you want to do this? (cheering) So. Held aloft by Bigby's Hand, acid sprayed in your face, two of your friends on the ground, unconscious and dissolving, in the center of the dragon's lair, Grog Strongjaw, how do you want to do this? As you lunge forward, the darkness fills you, but the feral instinct that you've grown up with is enough to know the source of that pain, the source of that acid, is also the source of victory. And as you swing wide, the jaw, still extended from the blast of acid, you push through it, as it's spraying into you, and the sheer force of your blade hits the edge of the jaw, and you push, and you hear from the back of the throat, as the acid is projected, the gurgle of horrible, shrieking pain. (groan) The stream stops as the blade goes towards the base of the skull, pushing forward and upward. You divide the actual mouth of Umbrasyl like that. The darkness (whoosh) flicks out, as you guys watch Grog descending, putting your foot now onto the front of the dragon's neck, you stand up, getting hold onto where the wound is there, still living, the one working eye flitting about wildly, you reach up and grab the edge of the nose, bring the axe up with the other hand, and slam again, and again, and as you do, the eye rolls back. The whole body begins to fall limp as it crumples backward. Vax, I need you to go ahead and make a dexterity saving throw. 25. Okay, you dodge out of the way as the dragon plummets to the ground. (heavy impact) What was Trinket's maximum hit points? Let me check something here. The remaining damage. Yeah, you're fine. Umbrasyl's body hits the ground, the two arms reach up, and the body still continues to pull itself backwards. You pull out of the way. The head lolls around, the jaw now grossly, cartoonishly open, giving out these horrible choking sounds, as the blood and bile and acid all mingle. It tries to talk. The bubbles continue coming forward before it stumbles, the arms sprawled out, its head falls limp to the side as the eye twitches and then falls still. As you stand there, Shale, watching the dragon fall as Grog Strongjaw, the once runt of the Herd of Storms, slams the blade over and over again in the dragon's head, a little part of you is a little jealous, and another part proud, and a little sad that this was not the time for you to lose your life in battle against a mighty dragon. (sizzle) I can make that joke in two weeks! As you go and bring Trinket around for a second, using the last bit of the magic that's been afforded to you as a ranger, Trinket comes to. (bear grunt) A lot of the fur has been singed off, and spotted flesh with acid burn, but is conscious and alive, and weak, Trinket leans forward as you're cradling his head and licks the side of your face and tucks his nose into the side of your shoulder. (bear grunt) You go ahead and help Percy get off the ground. You come to consciousness again and you see Pike's hand touching yours as she lifts you. Suddenly, a surge of invigoration hits your body, and you find yourself feeling a lot better than you did a few moments ago. Heal, man. Clerics don't fuck around. Make an investigation check. You do. 12, okay. You guys spend the better part of the next 15 or so minutes glancing around and trying to find any sign of these strange obsidian spheres that were previously in the lair of Krieg, or Brimscythe. After coasting through the crates and barrels, gold piles, the various artifacts and trinkets and things that are strewn about this back corner, no sign of anything like that. There's a lot of things in there. There are weapons. There are two glaives, polearm glaives. There appear to be a number of pieces of ornamental armor, very beautiful, made of gold and platinum, that were either used for ceremonial reasons or just adorning some sort of popular hall. Strangely enough, no. Nothing seems to glow in the vicinity of the Hunk of Quall. There are two glaives. Pulling the list up here. Going through the whole hoard, because it is 1120, we may pick up the actual looting element at the beginning of next session. We'll be here for a while if you want to do that. You have, probably another 20, 30 minutes or so before it fades. Checking in your various pieces of equipment you have on you, as opposed to what you have stored elsewhere, you had a few vials. They are a little jangly when you reach for them, and you realize they've been crushed. Go ahead and make a nature check. All right. So as you guys are gathering the elements of this dragon's hoard, gathering the equipment, the art pieces, the relics, all things that were part of this-- and it is, especially since you know, as far as dragon hoards go, especially for an ancient dragon, it isn't huge. And with the recent moving in, you get the idea that this dragon's true hoard probably exists elsewhere. This was either a temporary lair, or was intended to be the new lair, and the process of transitioning hadn't quite begun. Most of the gold here seems to have been what was given to Umbrasyl by the Herd once they had taken over Westruun. That you saw in Krieg's lair? No. You do know, from having one made by Allura within your keep before, that they take quite some time to ingrain. Dragon's only really had over a week or so. So, gathering up the materials, the remnants of that hoard, you guys descend down the mountain if you wish, or is there anything else you wish to accomplish within the actual lair? Right, based on the roll you made. So we have two empty vials that you managed to acquire. Yeah. It's difficult because, with the nature of Umbrasyl's death, as well as being a creature that is naturally caustic and acidic in a large portion of its body, there was a mixing of a lot of the blood that has caused it to become impure while vialing it, so you get three vials of the blood that are still pure and viable. Everything else seems to dissolve through the glass upon contact. Many dragon's teeth were sundered in the ravaging of Umbrasyl at Grog's furious storm of axe blade strikes. However, you do manage to harvest from the body, unscathed, 14 ancient black dragon teeth. Quite a lot of scales here, yes. It's going to take you a long time to harvest what you can off this body. A lot of the areas have been damaged from the various wounds and such. How much time do you want to spend to harvest scales? You have no idea. As you come down and-- Ravaged and eaten horribly in the Bramblewood, never to be seen again! No, you come down and as you speak with the remnants of the Herd of Storms, many of which, a number of them did survive the battle, though scarred horribly, and many did lose their life in the battle with Umbrasyl. Zanror, Worra, recovering all right. However, the number's now thinned down to a simple 12 members of the Herd. As you speak with Zanror, he looks to you and says, "Shale. You live." "Have you word of the mountain? The dragon?" "Good. Good." He takes the tooth and gives it to Worra. "Well." "Vox Machina, they call themselves." "Good. We need greatness in this world. We--" He grins to himself. "It is. But there's been a lot of cost in it, too." "I'm glad you're back, Shale. Your wisdom stays strong." "We've been talking here. I think the Herd of Storms died in battle with the dragon. There's "not many of us left." "There are. And while we lost the Rivermaw, I think maybe it's time we went and joined them." "They're damper lands. Better for raising children. Take a break from all this warring and "go back to a simple life. Will you come with us, Shale?" "Good. We'll set out tomorrow. At dawn, we plan." You guys set up for the evening, resting your sore, bruised bodies, smelling the ruin of the black dragon as you prepare for an evening's rest, well-earned. We will close this evening's session. Well fought, guys! It's amazing. You imagine why he didn't mention it before, but Scanlan does indeed have a hot spring in his magnificent mansion. No, it's magnificent. Guys, a big thank you and round of applause for Chris Perkins!