Welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. Nice try, motherfuckers. (all laugh) Hi, Sam. No, but I can. Hey, Sam. Why don't you tell us about our sponsor? I can see she's cast the 5th-level spell "Body to Forest." It's like one of the Magic Eye pictures. You have to really focus to see it. It tied into The Dark Knight in that particular image. It's consistent! Yeah. She's a monstah. Thank you, Sam. Thank you, Loot Crate. Okay, there we go. Remember that, guys. All right, merch update. Same old, same old, I'm pretty sure? Cool. You've got stickers, mugs, patches, bracelets, stuff like that. Logo shirts and the disturbingly comfortable "How do you want to do this?" hoodies up there. WonderCon! We're going to be at WonderCon doing a live Talks Machina panel on Saturday, April 1st from 2-3 PM Pacific at the arena at the Anaheim Convention Center. The big room. So fill it, Critters! Come on in! We have plenty of room and space for you guys. We want to try to show the convention that we are legion. We're actually going to be there. They gave us the big room and went, "You can't fill this," and we're like, "Yeah, we can." So we're trying to prove to them that we can fill the room. Come and join us, 2-3 PM. Wednesday Club! Taliesin! How about just Manowar? The band. Awesome. Next up, we have debuting on, I believe it's Sunday. This Sunday, March 19th, on Alpha we have Roundtable. Which is, essentially, a series where a bunch of various storytellers get together and talk about different themes about storytelling over drinks. It's actually pretty badass. This first season is Gamemasters. We have a collection of talented people from all over the webisphere running games. Heck yeah. This first episode premieres Sunday. It's a conversation between me, Mark Humes of High Rollers, and Adam Koebel of Roll Play. So, if you want to check it out, it's on projectalpha.com. Pro-JECT Alpha. It actually was a really awesome conversation. I'm pretty happy about it. We got a little tipsy. GM Tips episode went up today! It is my final run on GM Tips, but the series continues as I pass it off to a new host. If you haven't checked it out yet, our fantastic Satine Phoenix is picking up the torch to give her perspective as a game master for this next bit. She's awesome. This episode is specifically about how to avoid or deal with GM burnout, which is a topic that I think a lot of people are familiar with. Huh? Not yet. None. (laughs) Hopefully. No, but honestly, it's got some good tips for anyone out there who is feeling like they're starting to run a little ragged or a little sluggish. Check it out. Hope you like it. Signal Boost episode. Nothing that works out well is intentional in our sphere. You're welcome. Updated Trinket stats. Misfire score 20. Yeah, and they all attack Trinket. It's bad. You don't want to use it. (all laugh) Apparently, hashtag. All right! That's the last of my announcements. Oh, that's right! I'm sorry! The Critical Role Fan Club on Facebook actually had a limerick contest to announce their 10,000th person joining it. And we had a winner. The winner is Tamiko L. Fujio. Sam, do you have a copy of the limerick? I think you should read it off. Congratulations, Tamiko. That was awesome! Well done. And everyone leveled. Everyone's at 17 except for Tary, who's at 14. Congratulations. Anyway, let's go ahead and bring it into tonight's episode of Critical Role. [opening credits] Oh! There he is! Good job! (laughs) It's like you rushed here from work. That's okay. So. Bringing us into tonight's episode Vox Machina, having completed the toppling and destruction of the Chroma Conclave, have now gone towards tying up the loose ends at the end of this massive journey that involved coming to the final stage of Keyleth's Aramente to prove to her people, the Ashari, that she is the proper next leader of the Zephra Air Ashari. You traveled far west across the Ozmit Sea after renting passage across a ship helmed by Captain Adela, and made your way to the island city of Vesrah, where you encountered Uvenda, Heart of the Tides, the leader of the Water Ashari, and put upon your final trial. You were sent into the subocean Aerie of Torrent where you were to retrieve lodestones in the constant threat of a kraken in the vicinity. Unfortunately, the kraken was triggered upon your attempt. A massive battle took place, one that claimed the life of Vax'ildan, and barely escaped with a success under your belt. You managed to bring his body back to the central temple at the top of Vesrah, and through bringing Pike's essence by a blessing through Sarenrae, complete a resurrection ritual that succeeded. Vax returns on his ever-dwindling borrowed time from the Raven Queen, it seems, thrusting himself into danger, but returns nonetheless. After this, you guys got some pictures drawn by Doty, as Pike intimidated him into learning your names in a wonderful method. You got passage on the ship back to Emon, where you have made your way back to Greyskull Keep. And that was where we left off, as you plan for the next leg of your venture. So. Picking up from there as an evening rest comes to you all, a night of sleep. Vax, you have a difficult evening, tossing and turning in bed, the general ramifications of recent events surrounding you. Which, as a note, as a person who's back from resurrection, you are at a relative penalty for the next few days. I don't know if you were aware of that. Were you aware of that? Yep, so you have a night's rest after this, so that's-- actually, no. You traveled on a boat for a few days. That would have gone away! That's right, because you had to make a whole journey back to Emon, so you've rested up heavily in the boat. Forget I said anything. "And wait you shall. I sense something on the horizon. I sense rousing villainy. I sense "twisting the threads of life, but it is too far beyond my vision. Only time will tell. But I've "watched your thread. And it leads to something bright; it leads to something great. But your "thread is still clouded at that point. I cannot see beyond. And as that thread moves, it gathers "many around it those you've come to love. Perhaps their fate is tied with yours. Is that a "responsibility you can bear, Vax'ildan? Then be patient. Enjoy the time you have. For when this "rousing evil gathers, I will need your full attention, my champion." The mask recedes back into the darkness, the cold overtakes you, and suddenly you find yourself shooting up in bed, gasping for breath. Sweat pours down your face just as a gentle bit of light begins to break over the sun coming through the window into the bedroom. Keyleth, you are roused out of your slumber as well, hearing him gasp and breathe heavily, leaning off the side of the bed. Okay. You get-- You guys curl up to get back to sleep, and as you do and the darkness takes you once more, you hear the faint echoing whisper in the back of your head as you fall back into your dreams, and it says, "My fate-touched." Now, the rest of you wake up the next morning. It's been a while since you've been back in Greyskull Keep, and it is strangely heartening to be back at home without another constant threat of death, without the looming of dragon destruction. And it brings back a flood of memories of when you first had this keep made, the innocence of those days and the things you've learned since, and the new appreciations you've gained through the struggles you've had in the process. The other thing catches you is the smell of fresh breakfast being made downstairs, as Laina apparently is already on task. You guys come down for breakfast. Laina is currently rushing around, seemingly excited at the prospect of being back in her kitchen, which has been outfitted partially. When she returned, as you know, most everything was stolen from the keep, and it looks like she's made a few trips into town and has purchased enough to make it functional. She comes out and she starts bringing meals; she has large piles of plates. "I'm really quite sorry, but we don't have enough plates for "everyone, so if you don't mind sharing for now-- We'll go do some purchases." "Good. Well, I hope it's okay." As you guys are eating you hear some heavy footfalls coming from around the corner. The first thing you notice is a familiar female face. Once-short red hair has now grown quite long, or at least grown longer to about ear-, chin-length. You see Shayne Tranter, one of the guards that you originally hired and then moved over to Whitestone to guard, walk in, leather armor on, big pack over her shoulder, looks like she's also returned. As she comes in, she throws her pack down-- Human. Human female. Shayne Tranter, yeah. She walks in and throws her pack down. "Ah, good morning! Glad to "see you're all mostly alive." "No, is there food?" "And you are?" "I'm one of their employees, yes." "Great, so you'll be the one that pays me, then." "Unless I'm mistaken, and-- well, unless you canceled our contract. Mind you, we haven't been "guarding the keep for a long time, so I'm not going charge you for the time over that, we "appreciate you on that, but we are back on the clock, "and this is kind of my only job at the moment, so--" "All right." And she smiles and sits down, and she grabs a little bit of food and pulls it off into her hand and starts eating off her leather gauntleted glove. Doty sits down right next to you. Servants get 50, yeah. Yeah. Well. There you go. Although Jarett is technically not on your payroll anymore. Jarett's now a member of the Pale Guard in Whitestone. "Kendrick is currently watching up on the wall. Nitebe, I haven't seen since you sent him "off to Wildmount." And she gets a distant stare for a second and says, "Well, Cordell didn't make it through the ordeal." You can see her kind of-- she has that look of somebody who lost a close friend. She gets a distant stare for a second, clenches her jaw, and then shakes her head and goes back to eating absentmindedly. "That's up to you. I've already had mine. My piece has been said." "Me, too." "Not everyone." You sent him a long time ago to look for information about the Briarwoods. You have not crossed his path. You haven't heard anything from him in a long time. TALIESIN and To be fair, spies, by nature, live a very dangerous lifestyle that they accept. Who knows what his whereabouts are or if he'll ever show up again, but you haven't heard from him. It's also very possible. All right. So, are you doing Scry on Nitebe? So as you eat your breakfast, you take a moment. You finish the small ritual on the center of the cold stone floor of your mess hall area of the keep. You focus on your fuzzy but decent enough memory of Nitebe. As the ritual completes, your vision focuses out for a second and then returns to you. There's no focus. There's no Nitebe. There's no creature to receive the scrying spell. Which means he's either on another plane of existence... or he's fucking dead! (all laugh) You sent him to the great spy farm upstate. "Honestly, me and Cordell worked as a team for a long time. We didn't really make friends. I "can go looking in the city for you?" "Unless you want to go look for yourself? I don't mind going and finding some good candidates." "Yeah." "Up to you." "Yeah. People looking for work right now. You look like you've got more important things to "focus on, so if you want to hire some guards and you have trust in me, throw me some cash and I can "probably bring some people in." "I can handle it." She shakes the bit of scrambled eggs from her gauntleted hand. Totally. What did you roll? Even if you roll poorly, with the bonuses. 13. She seems pretty straight. She's straight with you. She's not trying to layer it at all. "Oh, I can figure something out. Don't worry." Yes. "All right. I'll get on it, then. I think I should have some time to go into town and do this "here within the afternoon." She grabs another roll off the table and takes a bite of it. "Glad to have you back." And she turns around and leaves the room. You do actually know, though you've never seen anyone wear it, because in the time that you've been learning, there hasn't been a formal Voice of the Tempest, it's not a crown. It's more of a mantle. It's a ceremonial mantle. Creature! Well, you haven't seen a door mimic before. Because I don't hate you that much yet. You have seen a mimic, yeah. That was second session. Yeah. That was second. A mimic and a gelatinous cube in the same combat. I was like, "Hi guys! Welcome to D&D! (splat noise)" No, you weren't at that one, unfortunately. That was before you came back to the campaign. I'll look at Shapechange. I'm pretty sure it's just creatures. It's "different creature." If you encounter a door-shaped creature in the future, you can totally do that. (laughs) Grog storms off. Poopy diaper of dwarvenkind. You hear the heavy footfalls upstairs of Grog's feet and a door slamming shut. They've both been under some recent duress, so it really could go either way. Emon is definitely more of the cultural hub, especially since it's such a huge port town. You get a lot more cultural influence from other continents and heavier trade. Emon would probably have better outfits. But Westruun-- which, Grog, you grew up in, and you guys have spent some time in-- does have its own textiles district. There are weddings that happen there. They have other events where they sell fine-- You could say, yeah. Emon's the New York. Westruun's the Pittsburgh. Kind of, yeah! (laughs) You're from Wildmount, which is-- as far as you know, from where you grew up, Tal'Dorei is to the southwest of where you grew up. Issylra, which is where Vasselheim is, and Othanzia is far to the east. You lived in the north of Wildmount. It's pretty Siberian, you would consider it. There you go. Basically. Alchemical elements, yes. But a lot of your spells and infusing everything is arcane-based. And you have a giant arcane metal man following you around. As best as you understand, it isn't like, "Oh my god, there's some sort of magic source in "Vasselhiem, arrest everyone involved." It's not super illegal, it's just generally frowned upon and calls suspicion. I mean, decorative. Yeah. Doty is his own suit of armor. Because it's amazing. I'm so excited. Okay. So, Vax, needing materials to prepare such an elaborate-- Yeah? I'm pretty sure you do! I think you have a disguise kit. It's not an ability per se. Right, you have Imposter. No, because Imposter is the ability to mimic somebody else. It has nothing to do-- A disguise kit is what you're using. Correct. Yeah, you've done a couple of things. But it's not an ability you have. Well, you do have an ability, but it's only for you, it's not for Doty. So here's what we do. First and foremost, you have to go to the town and gather supplies because your disguise kit is designed for very small prosthetics and things. This is a large endeavor. Yeah. So I'm going to need you to roll an investigation check. This is your ability to go around the town and find, through the midst of chaos of Emon trying to repair itself, somebody who can sell you the supplies necessary. A natural 20? But a 20? That's still fine. All right, it takes you-- It takes you about three hours, round trip, to go into the city, locate the location, and purchase-- relatively inexpensive, comparatively, about ten gold pieces for materials to do this. Which is expensive for anyone who's just-- and a lot of it is burlap material that's gone over with a weatherproofing liquid, that when it solidifies, it gives almost a rubbery texture. It's used for carts that are traveling a long distance under bad weather. And you figure that might resemble some sort of a skin-type texture at a distance. You gather other elements to build a mask, to wrap things in material, to block things that might look metallic. So yeah, so you gather things that might work in your favor. So as you collect this, what are you guys working on? (laughs) So are you crafting the porcelain? Yes, but your materials, you're used to using-- This is true, but the skillset for jewelry is very different from the skillset of porcelain. Okay. I will say-- Do you have a set of potter's tools? Because that would be specifically what would be used for this, if you're going to be working with ceramics and porcelain. But you have a kiln that's designed more for-- it's more of a metal-use forge. So it'll destroy ceramics. It burns at a certain heat. I'm so excited. Okay. This is an adjacent skill set. You're not going to get your proficiency bonus to it, but you do have materials to essentially try it. I want you to go ahead and roll a base dexterity check. Just add your dexterity modifier. You're not proficient. 22. It takes you the better part of the next two hours, but you manage to create some-- They have to cool and harden, but in the process of crafting it and heating it, you do have some decent ceramic plates that you think might work. They're going to be fragile. Not like they'll crumble on their own walking, but, if they take any sort of chip and damage the ceramic. I'll say the better part of two hours or so to craft them, and then you begin to heat them in the kiln. It'll take you a while for them to harden and set. All right. The armature, roll tinker's kit. Check. Proficiency plus dex. Actually, this would be proficiency plus intellect, is what it would be, because this is trying to figure it out specifically. Okay, easy enough to figure out a harness. What are you doing, Tary? Shayne. It's a her. She will punch you so hard. How do you say this? (all laugh) She looks over the top. "Yeah?" "Hi." Go ahead and roll a persuasion check. She goes, "You're kidding me, right?" She gives you this long, stern, dark look. "(laughs) Make it 500 and you got a deal." "Ah, it was getting too long, anyway." She makes her way down the ladder and just walks past you into the keep. Comes back about half an hour later, head completely shaved smooth, and she's got, in a little square of fabric, a cluster of all of her red hair. She balls it up, comes over. "You're welcome." "Thank you. Here's your fucking hair. God damn weirdo." And walks off and heads back to her perch at the top of the wall. Okay. You now have Shayne's hair-- Okay. You can. Do you want to do that? We'll say, using the basis of a tanglefoot bag, which is a very simple alchemical-- You begin to apply it to the top of Doty's head, and begin to very carefully layer hair across it. I'm going to need-- let's see-- (laughs) I love you guys so much. Go ahead and make-- just make a dexterity check. 17. (laughs) So it looks a little Carrot Toppy, but it works. These clusters of poofy red hair, but you layer it in a way that looks as good as you can, given the fact that you glued hair to Doty's head. (all laugh) Little bit of goatee? Okay, yeah, great. You now have-- All right, there you go. You've crafted your own avatar. It's a little wavy. Her hair had been short before, when it grew out long, it came out a little wavy. So yeah, it has a little bit of a-- it looks like... What was the actor's name? From Mask? Kind of looks like that on Doty. It's a great movie. Yeah, see? But that's kind of the texture and the look of the hair, from what I recall it. So, with the porcelain cooling off, Vax comes back with the rest of the supplies. (all laugh) What's fantastic, is he's glued the facial hair before the porcelain mask was put on, so as Percy and Vax come in with their pieces-- Okay. So, you put on the harness. You get the ceramic plates on that can loosely appear to be smoother, and a little more of a general curvature to the joints, so that it looks more natural from a distance. You put on the-- The mask of porcelain that you made, I mean, you know, the facial hair that's underneath and is on Doty's face is going to be under the mask. You could attempt to remove it, if you'd like. Plus it's just good to know that, at any given point in time, Doty now has a secret goatee. (all laugh) All right. Play 'em home, keyboard cat. Roll a disguise kit. No, this would be-- hold on, the toolkit here-- with you it would be-- Yeah, because it is-- It's how nimble your fingers are. It's a dexterity bonus plus the proficiency modifier for a disguise kit. If you are proficient with this kit, with the disguise kit? What are your proficiencies? Then it's just dexterity. Just roll a d20, add your dex bonus. Okay. Okay. (laughs) Are you sure? Are you sure? In spite of the absurdity of what you've managed to accomplish with the better part of your day, as the sun is now setting, and the rest of you have been wondering what the fuck is going on down there, you manage to build some semblance of a muscular structure underneath the robes. And amongst the porcelain mask that Percy had set as a base, you have crafted texture, color, it looks kind of like a face. It does! It looks like a shitty animatronic. Which means-- Like, it really does. Like, not a good Disney animatronic. Like, state fair animatronic. Yeah. This has been through a few fires. Yeah, it's Bonnie Springs. It's straight-up Bonnie Springs. But, given the circumstances, not too bad! It occurs to you guys, you don't know where the hair came from. Make a perception check. (singsong) That robe is ruined. (laughs) Certainly. Elements of it are permanently glued to Doty. (laughs) Okay. Doty's been standing there, and as soon as you guys say let's go and Doty starts moving, it has this scary Return to Oz feel to it-- (Doty walking sounds) It's the elvish half. Yeah. All right, so. You go ahead and head up to the Temple of Sarenrae within your keep, there is the central tree there. You go ahead and Transport via Plants to-- MATT and Where in Vasselheim do you want to exit? There is one, yeah, there's one that patches there. Okay, so you use that one. Okay. So, as you guys emerge it is still early afternoon in Vasselheim. The sun is just setting in your location, you guys have travelled far northwest at this point when it was still midday. You emerge roughly in the center of the Quad Roads, a little bit north-center area of the Quad Roads. What are you looking for? Yeah, the Platinum Sanctuary. Grog's really good at buying potions. (laughs) All right, you scatter into three different directions. First-- All right. Yep! Yeah. (laughs) All right, so you guys make your way up to the Platinum Sanctuary, you head to the base of the central mountain that the north end of Vasselheim is built around, to the winding stair that leads up to the Sanctuary proper. There, as you ascend, you can see the sun is getting to the three to four o'clock in the afternoon position. The color of the sky's starting to turn a bit different. You guys make your way to the outside doors of the Sanctuary, where you see the guards are there, stationed, and as you approach, some of them put up a bit of an aggressive front from a defensive standpoint, but one of them does recognise you and approaches, pulls the front of his helmet up. "You are Vox Machina." "What business do you have here at the Platinum Sanctuary?" "So you request an audience with Scalebearer Vord?" (laughs) All righty. Highbearer Vord. He says, "Very well. Please to be patient, I believe "he is busy." And he heads inside, the doors close behind. All right. About 15 minutes or so pass as you guys are led up. It's a gorgeous view from up here, by the way, I mean, for Vasselheim, the cloud cover is probably 70 to 80% of the year, with coming storms and sleet. This is one of the few days you've been during this part of the season where the sky is open. You actually see some blue in the sky, and as the light of the day begins to grow more towards a dusk color you start seeing the distant change and it's just endless thick, dense forest of the Vesper Timberland all around the city. And so there's kind of this serene waiting period as well. Trinket just (bear noises). You calm Trinket a bit. Trinket doesn't like heights and is up here on this platform, it's literally like a very small rail and then it drops probably a good 150, 200 feet down, and so Trinket's just like staying as far away from the edge as possible. Eventually the doors shift and one side opens up slightly, the same guard walks out. "All right, very well. "Follow me." Turns around. Leads you in. He's carrying his large, very well-polished tower shield to his side, he still has his helmet visor up. Leads you into the central structure. You guys are led to the audience chamber. Surrounded by the wide den of pillars and the central area has a hole above the top of the temple where the light comes through and there you see, stepping in hurriedly from the opposite side, flanked by two advisors is Highbearer Vord, the Silver Touched. You see his elven form is very fine-featured, his skin still very pale, almost pearlescent when the light hits it and his robes flow behind him, dragging a good four or five feet across the center. It's such an open space between the circular pillars that hold this-- it's just this tiny image of him approaching you amongst this wide-open space with his two advisors. As the footsteps get louder and louder as he approaches. "So yes, you've summoned me, "what is your business?" "Yes." NecrOmancy. Josh NecrOmancy? "I have read of it, yes. I mean, it's a creature of lore. Opash was before the Divergence, "even. If you indeed found a tome that once belonged to him, this is of much interest to us "and our network of researchers." "Well, yes." "I can only assume it is, you are right." "We can ensure that it falls into no hands beyond this temple. However, we do have to "research the contents, you understand. The necessity of understanding the evils and darkness "that are out there, that when they arise we can properly counter them." Yes, go for it. 14. He's hard to read in general, disposition and station, and his eyes are so white, like the iris is almost not visible. And he's stone-faced in his explanation but he's making sense, you know. If you have information on-- On necromancy! Or any devices that darker forces utilize, it better prepares you if you know what those entail. And if there is any place that could withstand the corruption of such a book, it would be the strongest focus of the Platinum Dragon's divine power that exists on the planet. So, you get the sense that Vord is not deceiving you. "We seal it in the vaults below, same place we stored the horn." "It's been a long time and we've reinforced it. If I recall, last time you were here you "encountered some of our defense yourselves." "I think you'll know by memory that we are well fortified. So--" "Hmm. If you resisted it, I have no doubt our clerics can as well." He nods his head over to one of his advisors. This young man with a very, very tight braid pulled to the back of the head that dangles about mid-back behind silver and white robes just approaches and puts his hands out to accept the tome. Puts his hands aside and steps back. "Oh. Well. Return with the tome, should you see fit to "leave it here." "I know enough." "Hmm." So, he nods to one of the other advisors who steps off for a moment. "Sit a "moment. This is a conversation to have." And some of the guards come and bring a few chairs and set them behind you. "Orcus, the demon prince of undeath, resides in the depths of Thanatos, one of "the varying realms of the Abyss. It is here that he snuffs the life from all creatures and brings "them under his sway. He is an entity of ever-hungering need for power, and to take all "life and break it so he can bring it under his control. Thankfully, as one of the betrayer gods, "he was sealed away, and the Divine Gate was placed up to prevent his, and any other evil entities' "entrance into our world. However, that does not prevent him from sending his minions, sending his "powers, sending his influence out through the permeable, small gaps in this gate. So his "influence remains." "Oh! Four, once." "Two that he maintains on himself to this day, and two that were severed, enchanted, and "bequeathed into two of his, at the time, one of his champions." "Yes." "We do not." "Well, this belonged to a great and terrible champion of Orcus. It was utilized in the "Calamity, the war that came to the very gates of Vasselheim. This armored evil was destroyed and "torn asunder, the horn scattered. We currently have some of our finest and brightest out in "search of the other one, now that we know they have and can be recovered. Not to any avail yet, "but we're doing our best." "Of course. And you do the same, please." "One was dangerous enough." "Very well." "I don't have much of it. If you have business to discuss with me personally, I would "recommend doing it now. Otherwise, you'll be dealing with one of my advisors when you return." "That's a complicated subject. What do you need to know?" "Why, pray tell, do you intend to travel there?" "Hmm." "I've dealt with fiends. I've dealt with devils. I am not a specialist on the Hells, but "there are a few places where you could possibly research this information. Majority of such "research is found in the presence, or at least in the grasp of the Cobalt Soul. They do have one "small temple here in the city, and they have one over in Tal'Dorei. Either one will have some "semblance of research at their disposal. What I can tell you is, in asking about Orcus and the "Abyss, those are demons, entities, savage, chaotic, in selfish, hard to read societies that "twist, crumble and rebuild, a rate that only insanity can seem to drive. Madness and hunger "drives the Abyss. But the Hells, the Hells are built on tyranny. They are built on societies, "power structures, subservience and dominance. Whereas few mortals dare tread in the Abyss, there "have been some from many different realms, who go to the Hells to do business." "Powerful ones. Ones that stay out of sight. Ones that don't make a scene. Just know; they're "very clever, and above all else, they seek your soul." "All right. One of my advisors will receive the tome upon its delivery." "Good luck." He stands up and as soon as you begin to stand up, the seats are already immediately pulled out from behind you. The guards separate them, he leaves with his advisors and you guys are led out of the temple back onto the winding staircase and into the heart of Vasselheim. You see right around his heart there's a dark spot in the skin where some dark veins travel for about an inch or two across. Okay, while you guys make your way to the Raven's Eyrie, we go to you two. You guys are currently looking for a library. Who wants to make the investigation check to ask for information? Not really. It doesn't look diseased. It looks bruised almost. It's just a strange-looking bruise where you can see some of the veins are dark and visible, almost like varicose near the surface. Kind of, yeah, but it doesn't look-- No, it's not like that. Yes. As far as I know, that's what you guys are searching for. (singsong) Grog has the book. It's like Vox Machina has a hard time planning. (all laugh) It's crazy. Did you say you took the book? If you guys said you're taking the book; Grog, you heard them take the book? All right. I'll take that as consensus to say that you guys have the book. Make a wisdom saving throw. Okay. You guys, not having a bag of holding, are clutching the tome-- it's a big tome, it's like-- No. So there you go. You have a tome wrapped in cloth under your arm. You guys spend about an hour or so asking around. The locals, they're-- not saying they're not friendly, but not all of them are well-versed in what you're asking. You say library, some of them are more simpler folk are like, "I don't--" and eventually somebody says, "Oh yeah, you can head over to the-- what's it "called? The Cobalt Vault. It's in the southern region of the Quad Roads." "All right, yeah, I'll show you." And the guy gives you a couple directions down the road, and you make your way there, and it's similar to the Cobalt Reserve in Westruun, but it's about a quarter of the size. The Cobalt Reserve is the center of the Cobalt Soul monk order, the Ioun worshipers that gather information and maintain it. As Ioun's presence was shattered slightly during the Calamity, in the battle against the chained god, her presence in Vasselheim was diminished and then regrew through the Cobalt Soul in Westruun, so it's expanding back into Vasselheim. You make your way to the structure. The exterior of it is this light-grey stone, it's a cylindrical building with three different doorways around the outside and a giant, bright blue and black marbled dome on top. It looks somewhat transparent, like it's made of a glass-type material. As you step into the front, you can see a central chamber within the inside that's also cylindrical, so you have a small walk-around hallway on the immediate inside of this giant structure, and then the actual library is in the interior, and so on the outside, you see a few books and there are some paintings and tapestries on the walls and you see a few varying monks walking around, a handful that are curious and turn as you walk in. They're all wearing the uniform, dark grey and blue robes of the Cobalt Soul, and there is a desk at the front, where you have a young woman of olive skin sitting, her hair short and wavy with very thick spectacles adorning the front of her nose. Young-ish, maybe mid-twenties. She looks up as soon as you guys approach. "Good day. I fear we're still in the "process of preparing the interior, but what do you require?" "I'm terribly sorry, that type of research is only for Cobalt Soul members." "I apologize, I am--" "I'm going to have--" Roll a persuasion check. It's Keyleth's specialty. "I mean no offense, but I don't think we have the kind of research that you're looking for "that we could--" She adjusts her glasses for a second and reaches into the desk and pulls out a small, white gem and passes it over, and as she does, you can see the front of the tome seems to glow almost like a blacklight over something that was reactive to it. As soon as I said it, I was waiting for Sam on that one. Scans over. "Perhaps. Give me just a moment, please." And she slides the book in your direction, gets up and exits through one of the small doors in the side, that you didn't notice until now. It's part of a similar stone, just gives way and then closes behind her. The door opens again and she comes back out, followed by a man of very, very dark skin, bright, soft eyes that crack on the sides from, you can gather, a lot of smiling. He wears the same uniform, blue and gray robes, but as he walks, you can hear what sounds almost like a faint-- almost like jewelry clanging, but you don't see any jewelry on him, and as he approaches, his arms are folded into themselves, and he steps forward quietly, looks at the book for a second, looks up at the two of you, and smiles, "Hello. My name is Kusuo and I am in charge of looking over this "extension of the Cobalt Reserve's reach and collection. "You have come to offer this book as trade?" "And you are seeking what?" "I'm familiar with your exploits as of late, yes. It is our job to collect information and "history and record of it, so I am very aware." "Come with me." And he takes the book and sweeps it up, and it vanishes into his robe. He leads you into the small doorway that you watched open and shut before, and on the inside, you go from this barren outer walkway, into this large cylindrical library that is from floor to ceiling about 60 feet tall, with dozens of ladders that move around, and you can see books are in the process of being put up, some books are being categorized, it looks like there were stacks that have just arrived that are in the process of being researched and copied, there are a number of these monks that are at different tables in the process of making copies of books, this is specifically a repository for the gathering and guarding of information. In the center of the chamber, there is a spiral staircase that leads to an upper platform that has another series of chairs, either a research or reading section, and there are only a handful of people on the interior that are not dressed in the same way that these monks are, but each one of them is attended by a monk. And you-- Make a perception check. Perception. Okay, so you glance around-- There we go! I was like, your wisdom's pretty high-- Okay. You look around really fast, glance at each person that is not of the Cobalt Reserve's attire, no one you recognize. But they all appear to be fairly affluent. And they're all in the process of reading through some sort of thick book with a stack next to them, of varying sizes, and the monk is just standing there patiently, watching them as they do so. And you recall, from your first time at the Cobalt Reserve, that no books can be taken from the Reserve. They can be read within the interior, they can be copied, notes can be taken. But you cannot remove them, and the monk that is assigned to you is both a guide, and to make sure you don't take anything you're not supposed to. Yes. And it seems that Kusuo has taken upon himself to be your assigned monk. "It is more than we are used to, usually. But we are happy to know that people are "interested in knowledge. Any given day." "Well, recent events of dragons terrorizing countrysides, leads people to want to defend "themselves and learn of these occasional terrors." "Anyway, follow me." And he leads you to the back of the spiral staircase, as it comes and meets with the floor, there is a large rug that sits as part of the decor there, and he glances around, and using his foot, his toe clips the edge of it and flicks up and catches the rug, folds it and sets it down, in one swift motion you weren't expecting, and with the dust that sets off, you now see what looks to be a trap door of the same material as the hardwood floor of the library. The small chain that he then bends down carefully, tugs and lifts, and you see the staircase that descends below. "The books you require, we keep in the cellar. So, please, after you." It's a staircase. (all laughs) (laughs) You're just going down-- You're dog paddling your way through the darkness. You guys descend and the trap door closes behind you and it is pitch black. You have no vision, you can see in the vicinity, the stairs go down maybe 20 feet, however as soon as the trap door closes, a soft glow emanates from behind you and you can see there is some sort of a dangling wristband with a small glass marble that hangs at the end that is now glowing with a soft candlelight, and Kusuo is holding his arm in front of him as it dangles like a candle, and he slowly brushes past you and leads the way down before the stairs stop and level off into an open chamber, a square room, the cellar as he called it. There, inside, you see candelabras flickering in the corners, there's four of them, two near you and two on the far side. Within the shadowed, subterranean chamber, you see shelves and locked cases throughout. Some cases are glass, some are almost crate-like, but they have locks on the sides, and on these shelves it isn't books stacked to each end, each book is facing forward, and seems to be placed deliberately, and some of them are chained in, some of them have chains that dangle from the piece-- this is where all the secret books are kept. This is the private collection. As soon you guys enter the space, two monks of the Cobalt Soul spin out of the corners and immediately stand in the defensive position with their arms out in front of them, and then as soon as they see Kusuo smiles and nods, they put their guard down, arms together, and they bow for Kusuo. Kusuo turns back over the shoulder, "Do not worry, this is Wailen and Sura, they are assigned to "watch over. So, stand aside, help our guests." He walks forward and leads you through some of these cases, and you look and they're made of different woods, some of them seem to have been brought from different locations, and there are scroll cases, there are giant wads of ancient parchment that are clustered together and bound with some sort of a leather strip, you can see tomes all across the way of different fronts and sizes, and some of them are very old and ruined. And in the back right corner of this chamber, you see Kusuo pulls what you didn't notice before, and that jangling sound you were hearing before is a giant ring of over a hundred keys that he pulls off of his neck. He turns it and begins just thumbing through the keys, very quickly, like he knows exactly what he's doing. Catches one key, looks at it, and walks over to one of the cases in that corner of the room and just undoes the locks, but they're a different key for each lock, and he goes and finds each one. First try, knows exactly where they go. As each lock is taken, he opens the case and on the inside you smell this scent of dust and ash, and there are four books in there, two of which look damaged, but they all look very old, and he reaches in and grabs two of them. One of them is one of the damaged ones, one of them is not. "You seek information on Orcus?" Sets one tome down on one of the nearby closed cases. "And the Nine Hells." Places the other next to it. They don't have any labelling on the cover. "Very well." He arcs an eyebrow towards you. "No, part of our distinct training is to disable any sort of "wards should you wish to research." Do you speak Abyssal? The Orcus tome you aren't able to read. It is all in Abyssal. The other book? That one is actually written in Common. Yes. Yes. You have encountered demons in your past, yes. Lemme look at the spell real fast. It does not specify, but it says you gain the abilities. Yeah, you keep the same intellect. Correct. Yeah, you retain all your skills and saving throw and proficiencies, in addition to gaining those of the creature. You don't know. (laughs) He gives a curious look. "But of course." And he snaps his fingers, and the other monks, he just darts off for a second and then returns a moment later with a small wooden case that opens up, and on the inside there are four different types and thickness of reading glass you can go through. You find one that'll work okay. That was a glabrezu. That was what killed Pike. That was after you found Percy. This was in the palace of Emon. You did, yeah. They are fiends. You're not sure. You don't have enough knowledge-- Are you trained in religion? Yeah. You're not too familiar. Part of this research is learning the distinguishing factors between fiends. You don't have a whole lot of knowledge of that. Maybe. Okay. There we go. (all laugh) So. What're you trying to find? Do you want to just read all the information? It'll take you-- There's no Orcus in this book. This is about the Nine Hells. Okay. You do know there is a very strong infernal hierarchy of all the hells. Yes, that's what it looks like as he's reading. It's a very rigid power structure here. And the whole purpose of most devils is to try and gain power and ascend their rank by proving themselves stronger or tearing others down to take their position. Well, they'll work together because it is a lawful evil society. It is a society that only functions because of its structure. So it is tyrant and underlings. And underlings will work and serve things they hate that are more powerful in hope of gaining the favor, especially since higher devils can bequeath lower devils the chance to ascend to a higher tier. You glance through, and rakshasas, like any other devil, can be killed. If you can go to it and kill it. But there are many tiers here. There are archdevils at the top. That are the rulers of each-- essentially the top ranks. There are greater devils below them. Greater devils include horned devils, erinyes, which you've encountered, pit fiends, which you've encountered, and ice devils. And they are the greatest of the devils below the archdevils. Then you have lesser devils, which are like imps, spine devils, bearded devils, barbed devils, chain devils, bone devils. You've got all these names, you get some drawings and sketches of some of these creatures, and they all look awful. Lowest in this rank are lemures. Lemures are the souls of people that have passed, who have either done enough evil deeds that they fall under the sway of one of the archdevils. Most of them are acquired by making a deal with a devil. A contract. They're big into contracts. Their power structure is based on what sort of souls, what power they can gain, what people they can sway, what people they can convince to-- Yeah. Once a soul has come under the sway of a devil and is brought to the Nine Hells, it either can become just a lost wandering soul used as a source of energy; most of them convert into lemures which are the low-level slaves. They're ever-tortured, flesh masses that-- Yeah. They're the tortured souls of the Nine Hells. If a lemure does manage to do good enough work over an extended period of time it can ascend into a lesser devil, by pleasing its masters, by whatever it may be. There is a chance, that's how devils ascending are brought to a higher station. Yeah, and the pit fiend you killed probably returned and got demoted. If something really powerful and cool that was given a station was suddenly walking through the street and killed by a bunch of people in the city and came back and was like, "they killed me," they'd be like, "you're weak obviously". Reading the structure, you probably really ruined that guy's day. (laughs) Yeah, you basically made him lose his house, and his dog, and his wife. You turned him into a country song. There is very little talk about celestial blood, divas, other than the fact that there's been a long-standing battle since the founding. Since the prime gods and betrayer gods divided early in the creation of Exandria and-- Not celestial power necessarily, but some of the entities are susceptible to various divine magics and abilities, and that is a strong back and forth between the two sides. The big war is between the devils and the demons. The Abyss, which is the nature of chaos and evil and driven hunger at whatever cost, versus the power-hungry devils, which build structure, dominance, expanding their territory, and ruling through structure and power. Yes, those are the two sides, devils versus demons. But there are many tiers of the hells and nine-- Sure. I just want to make sure that we don't get lost on this somewhere. All right, meanwhile. Are you unveiling the book? Okay. There are many things you learn. One, the first layer of Avernus, which is the first layer of the hell. It is a terrible blackened rocky wasteland, rivers of blood. It's a bad place. Usually, you have to travel from each layer into the next one. There are very few portals that'll lead to the Hells. Usually, any that do start at Inverness and you have to work your way in. That area is ruled by Zariel, which is the Archduchess of Avernus. This is also the realm of Tiamat. You glancing through and trying to find things that catch your attention. This is a large tome. You could spend days and days researching this but you don't have a lot of time. You are looking for specific things. Dis is the second layer of the Nine Hells. It is a labyrinth of canyons, wedged between sheer mountains, filled with iron ore. There are iron roads that span through the canyons with a series of bridges that lead over these giant crevasses and this dark landscape. The ruler of the second layer and the lord currently is Dispater. Yes. Dispater, which is-- Yeah. Just half-cousin. Talks kind of like him, too, it's really creepy. Yeah. Avernus. However, what does catch your attention immediately is on Dis there is a city called the Iron City of Dis that is a massive metropolis, primarily where most extra-planar entities travel to do business. It is in many cases an open market. It's one of the safer areas for a mortal to walk through, comparatively-- it's still in one of the Hells. But because it is such a center for business, it's a popular location for extra-planar travelers, it's a popular place for succubi, incubi to travel, it's a popular place for rakshasas. It specifically brings up hags, creatures that deal in business, deal in exchanges, deal in contracts. Beyond the usual devil ones, a lot of them tend to go to the Iron City of Dis. I can give you the rest of this to read on the break, if you'd like because it's a lot of information, but that's the one that sticks out to you. No. In looking specifically for the mention of rakshasas, there are sections about the creatures and talking about their history and how they originally stemmed from the Hells and burst out of the prime plane. It goes into their history there, the rest of it doesn't have as much in correlation to where you would look for such a creature. They do exist on multiple layers of the Hells. At the very least, a place where you can get information that can lead you elsewhere. Okay, cool. And there are some descriptors in there, some mild sketches. One thing it does speak of is the Tower. The Iron Tower of Dispater which is, essentially, this massive central structure to the city where the actual archdevil himself looks down upon the city and keeps watch over most business that he can. Good job, thank you. (all laugh) While you guys are completing your research-- Taryon and Grog! What are you guys doing? And as you guys walk through the streets, everyone stares. Partially because you are a bright shiny beacon of finely polished gems and armor flanked by a massive bearded goliath and whatever the fuck Doty is. About five minutes of walking before two armored Bastions come up in their piecemeal leather and scale breastplate armor with their heavy fur cloaks over their shoulders, holding spears. "You!" "You walk with strange company. What's your business here in Vasselheim?" Make a deception check, please. Yeah. I'll double check. You choose. Total of ten. He leans in real fast. "Oh wow, that's got to be unfortunate. Being so buff and so filled "with leprosy." He leans back, and the two guards watch you and nod and step back to let you continue to pass. As you guys keep walking, they slowly close behind you and just begin to follow from about 30 feet back. You turn around, right at them, and 30 feet back they're walking and they just stop as you stop. There's a few. Just past the shoulders. No, just free-flowing, perfectly arced in the front, except pulled back because of the helmet. It's glorious. It's Bee Gee-tastic. Grog, make a perception check. You're getting close to the exterior of the building pointed to by the guards, and you recognize it. It's the place where you've previously purchased potions. Which, as you turn, you see he's been drawing in his book the entire time, everything you guys have been discussing. (lopsided mechanical footsteps) Horrible creaking sounds. So, the guards are closing the gap a little bit. You guys pick up pace, they pick up pace a little bit. You get to the outside of the building. The doors are closed. You open them and get inside. The warm interior is lit up. You can see there's nobody else currently inside, except for your old friend, the potion-seller, who's currently reading what looks to be some sort of a-- you're not actually sure what's inside the book, but it's a small, handheld book, and he's reading through, bored. "No. No. No." Make a persuasion check. "She's not here?" "And your friend's very rich?" "What is that?" "Yes." "Great. Well then." (all laugh) "So what can I get you? I've got all sorts of salves and spices. We've got all sorts of "incense. What are you looking for?" It does, actually. Last time you were here it was in the process of being put together. The shop seems to be fully open now and outfitted, though it doesn't seem to be getting much traffic, as it is very empy. So he seems eager he has customers. And now much more put at ease, now that you've let him know that from his vision, the dragon woman did not come with you. "Let me see what I've got." And he rummages through a couple of scroll pieces. Let's see here what he might have. "I do, "should you be so interested, currently carry one scroll that would surround with you a wreath of "dangerous fire." "Just around you. Anything that came too close would burst into flames and be burned." "I've got something that makes you jump." "I've got something that makes you see in the dark." "What do you want?" "All right." I'm looking right now for the scroll that's here. He looks you over. "The scroll I would put at a fair 6,000 gold pieces." Make a persuasion check. Takes the gold. You now have a scroll of fire shield. "I said I have something that makes you jump." "That I've got! You cleared me out of my other various vials last time." "No, I'm waiting on-- Trade's been a little slow. Looks like things are getting up in Emon, so "hopefully we'll have more soon. But for the time being, I do have some more healing potions." And he goes into the back room, and you hear him rummaging for a minute. You hear one crate fall over and a couple of things shatter. "Ah god damn--". And eventually he comes back through the door, and he's holding in his arms a few clusters of various glass vials. Some of them have been repurposed and taped at the top, but they're functional. He sets them down on the counter. "All "right. I have six potions of healing, and I have three of greater healing, and one superior." Make an intelligence check. Yes, just add your modifier. Yes, actually. The healing potions can range around 75 to 100 gold pieces generally. The uncommon ones can range somewhere in the 500 gold pieces range. The superior, however, are much rarer to come by, and the fact he even has one, with how recently you guys cleared him out, it's pretty decent. That one can run anywhere between 4,000-5,000 gold pieces. Six, three, and one. "For an additional charge, yes, of course, I gift wrap!" "The whole lot? For 6,000. I'm afraid that is far under the price I'd be considering. Let me "see here." And he does some kind of notations, and he goes, "Hm. You seem, from our previous "experience, to be quite the bargainer, my friend." "How would you say to the fair price of 10,000 gold pieces for the batch?" "Mm, you drive a very hard bargain, my big friend, however! Because it's you? Deal." "What would this be?" Make a persuasion check. This isn't deception because you believe this wholeheartedly. This is persuasion. "6,000 and the egg, you say? Very well." He pushes the-- "I will be." He goes over and quickly reaches over and grabs a thick towel-like pile of cloth, and wraps it up carefully. "Ooh." Sets it down. "A pleasure doing business with you all." "Terribly sorry. My apologies. I'll be right to it." And he turns and leaves the room. (loud clanging) You hear behind you guys in the doorway-- -- some of the impacts of metal, rapidly and heavily. You watch, (whoosh), whips into a longsword. And you glance behind and you see, walking through the doorway, the very heavy, hulking figure of Doty, carrying two unconscious guards that are hanging from his hands. Okay. Both jaws are very broken. Yeah, there's a counter in the front area. Yeah. No, the proprietor is in the back room. He's wrapping your stuff right now. It's not a very big-- There is a secondary room to the side where it looks like there is an upper platform, but that looks like where his bedroom is, maybe. There's a couple of lanterns, it's a warm-lit interior, and as you're looking around, it's not a huge establishment. Make a perception check. You have no idea! You're panicking. Okay. Make an intimidation check, Grog. I'm going to say, make an insight check. Sure. And that's going to be giffed forever. (all laugh) About 30 seconds of you trying to gag yourself pass, before the shop owner comes back, with these beautifully packaged healing potions. "All right, so--" Make a deception check. He slowly hands out this really nice bundle, and it has a little bow on it and it's wrapped, and he hands it out to you and just goes, "Please, take this and never come back. Please." "Ever again. Your presence has brought me no end of pain. Just go." "Go!" (incoherent noises) Doty turns. "Ahh!" And comes running after you guys as you exit the shop. In the Quad Roads? Yeah. There's actually quite a few taverns. Okay. While you guys get a drink, we're going to get a quick bathroom break. We have a couple more beats we want to get through before the night's end. We're not going to go too long, trust me. But we're going to take a quick bathroom break, and then we'll come back here in a few minutes. We do have one more giveaway here tonight from our awesome friends at Wyrmwood. We have a dice box here, signed by the cast of Critical Role. It is a birch dice box. Do we have a code for the chat room? Wyrmwood. Go ahead and use, one word, Wyrmwood, in the chat room on Twitch. We'll have a break, and we'll have a winner announced for you when we get back. Yes, Wyrmwood with a 'y', as in the actual company. Thank you guys so much. We'll see you in a few minutes. [break] You guys were making your way to the library, you said? Okay. Okay. On the way out, as the tomes are placed and locked back up, you talk to Kusuo. "That is not a "worry. Just make sure that you request me when you arrive." "It would be my pleasure." "But of course. Just make sure that you accompany them." He leads you out. You guys exit the library just as Vax and Vex, after finding information on where to go, arrive. They're not expensive. But you could ask around and try to find somebody. It'll take a little time. You guys are right now hitting the cusp of dawn. Sorry, dusk. Make an investigation check. What did you roll? You manage to find one location, but it's been closed for half an hour when you get there. Make an investigation check. You do manage to find one individual who is in the process of closing their formal attire shop. "But of course! Come on in." (laughs) All right. "All right. That-- Okay." The gentleman seems a bit overwhelmed, but quickly goes ahead and helps you guys find, over the next 30 or so minutes, some very nice dresses. Better than anything you've previously worn. And he gets you something that he thinks royalty should wear. As there is no real royalty in Vasselheim, it is a church-run state. It is more of a frumpy robe with a fur collar. "Flowy. Of course. I'm so sorry. Flowy, yes." He's starting to get a little impatient, but does manage to pull one very nice simple gown, that just hangs off the shoulders and pools on the ground around you. "Dye? I could have it dyed. That would be by tomorrow morning prepared." "All right, I'll get it taken care of." All right. While that's happening, you two are heading to the Raven's Crest? All right. So you guys walk over to the Dusk Meadow. You're met by the same gray, slightly bleak atmosphere on this side of Vasselheim. But you make your way to the exterior of the large structure. The ominous obsidian and gold building that represents the center, if you will, the beating heart of the Raven Queen's worship. As you approach the front stairway, both of you familiar with, one brought in, the other not met with any living person for the most part in your journey, you both approach-- still arms hooked? Okay. As you both ascend the stairs, you see standing-- previously not noticed as you guys were having a conversation-- but off to the sides of each side of the entryway, the two doors that are closed, there are two women in long black gowns with dark veils that drift over their head to the mid torso, that you had lead you into the chamber initially. Both suddenly present themselves, bow, and step out of the side as the chamber doors open to the interior of the Raven's Crest temple. There, standing as the doors open, is what looks to be an older woman wearing the same attire, the same dark veil, somewhat able to see her features beneath the dark material that hangs in front of her. She steps forward as the doors open. The woman bends down, takes the tome from your hand. She holds it, she takes her fingers and brushes the cloth away that currently obscures the tome, takes a look at it, holds it a foot further away from her face, and throws the cloth over the front, clasps it in her arms and brings it down towards her torso. And, for the first time since this-- you've heard her speak before, you have done this before-- but the strange eerie kind of airy whisper comes out from this older woman as she bends forward, clutching this tome. "We thank you. And we will be sure that this finds its final seal." "Good." "Whenever you're ready. The vision of the gods is obscured beyond the Divine Gate. We are "not just their tools but their extensions. The creations that act as their fingers in this plane. "The center of all other life and death. Be watchful. Be vigilant." She bows, and backs into the Raven's Crest once more as the doors close, the two other women now flanking out of the shadows and stepping before each door, and seemingly just not paying attention to your presence. They make no response as you guys turn and make your way down the stairs from the Raven's Crest. As your head moves forward, walking, you feel this cold tingle just drift down the back of your neck and spine, then it fades, and you keep walking, carrying on your chest there a brief, warm secondary heartbeat representing the brief boon granted upon you by the Raven Queen. You catch up with the ladies at the bar. (laugh) You were still in the Quad Roads, keeping low. You guys are both-- you're able to hear them. Whatever you guys have been up to trying to stay out of sight. (laugh) There are a lot of bars in Vasselheim. The Siren's Succor. (laughs) Okay. Right. You have to take the pre-gaming feat to actually use that ability. (laughs) At that point, you watch as Grog's hands hit the doorway and he sheepishly looks in, checking the surroundings for any possible-- It's actually pretty sparse, aside from your friends, maybe two other individuals. Okay. Tary comes in and (crashing sound) behind you. Doty. It's fine. Doty is writing all this down by the way. Doesn't resist. Not within visual-- -- vicinity. You could ask. Not in this tavern, no. (laughs) Sure. He fucking killed two people. Grog, make a deception check. Grog fucking killed two people! (squeaking "I don't know" sound) And he does. (laughs) You can. You can, go ahead and make an insight check. You are the first person not to believe Grog's story. It looks like a-- Like a little. Spatter. It's dried by now. Sure. What did you roll? What'd you roll? Grog fucking killed two people! Go for it. Roll insight, both you guys. No, you guys get at this point that Grog's been fucking with you. Two guards alive. That is fucking dead (all laugh) Everything but the hair comes off. The mask, the porcelain, everything else comes off. The cloak does not come off. Not from just tugging it. It's adhered pretty strongly. They do have some near-spoiling meat. And at the cost of one gold piece you can get a pretty solid bottle. It'll take you the better part of the next couple of hours, but you can do it. You do manage to get the hair off. You don't get all the glue splotches. Doty now has these, like, clusters of nasty-looking glue splotches all over the head. And of like, taken pieces of thread, and fuzz, and dirt and things just from the atmosphere to him. It looks awful. Doty looks awful. But the cloak does come off. Only like 10% butt. Like, there is still glue on it. You have to spend more time. If you want to. It's like a hydra, Travis killed one, two more took its place. So, as you guys get tired, you could rent a room for the evening. At the tavern if you'd like, the Siren's Succor. Okay. So, I'd say for the rooms for all of you guys tonight, drinking there, mark off ten gold, it's fine. For everyone. All righty. As you guys rest for the evening, the morning comes around. You're across the board, fairly hung-over, but functional. Except for Grog, Grog, you're fine. Yay constitution 20! But you guys muster yourselves, get a quick bite to eat downstairs, in the now even-more-empty tavern. Your dresses are at the ready, you go and collect them. What's next, what do you guys want to do? Okay. Yeah. All right. All right. And such. With the Transport Via Plants spell cast into the nearest tree, you guys find yourself emerging from one of the cliffside trees that have grown out of the outcropping of stone and rock that marks the exterior of Zephra. Did you all travel here last time, or was it just Keyleth and Vax? Yeah, Vax. Allura, that's right. That's right, and she was like, "Whatever." All right, so you guys all emerge, and you see now, on these extremely tall mountain bluffs, the wind is strong on the outskirts, and you can see, whizzing past you, puffs of cloud, and leaf, and dust. But it's all contained on the outside of this bluff. And before you on the opposite side, built deep into this mountain top, you can see dozens and dozens of structures made from the natural stone and bending of long wood slats that seem to have been curved over into these dome-like structures. You see small trees emerging in places, and even though you are a few hundred feet off, you can already see maybe 20 or so various people just wandering the town, some of which are outside working on-- sitting on benches, working on various crafts. You can see leathers being dried out from various hides. You catch the sight of a griffin that swoops past and disappears into a nearby cloud. And looking over the bluff-- -- about ten feet off, this is the drop, goes down for hundreds of feet before vanishing into low-hanging clouds. You guys have no idea how high up you are, but it seems very high. You can see a lot of wind rushing just around you, but it seems like this portion of the mountain is almost protected, or at least the winds are guided in a way where they're not affecting this portion of the mountain. As you guys are walking closer to the outside of Zephra, you see a couple of individuals beginning to approach, three or four children, just seeing these strange visitors in the outskirts. They're also keeping low and not trying to draw your attention too strongly, though they are out in the middle of the open. You see a few bushes and elements. You see two grown individuals walking up with the children, one of which appears to be a relatively young girl, maybe around 13, 14 years old who pushes the kids to the back and goes, "Keyleth?" "Sora. You used to watch over me when I was little." "I--" It takes a moment for you guys to figure it out. It's slightly awkward, but for the most part you recall it. "I'm much older now, I don't need to--" "I didn't--" "You're back." "We have to tell everyone else." The kids are all just quietly staring wide-eyed and smiling quietly. "Do you want me to get him?" "Okay." "C'mon, c'mon kids." And takes them by the hand and they all drag the kids off as you guys wait in the outskirts of the city. One of the kids who didn't quite get a hand on this young three-year-old boy who's running behind them stops. Turns and stares at you all, but stares specifically at Grog and is just wide-eyed, going-- "Hi." "Okay." (yells) (all laugh) A short time passes. A few moments, before you begin to see the city suddenly come to more vibrant life. People are stepping out of their abodes. Dozens of individuals are beginning to come together, talking, whispering, and some looking back and watching you all in the outskirts of Zephra, until eventually it seems a procession of some kind is all gathering and moving out of this mass of people in your direction. As you look, you begin to see people adorned in similar clothing as to when you first encountered Keyleth in the swamps outside of Stillben. You see these leather-based, almost scaled-looking armor that drifts down to the legs. You see people that hold giant staffs that hold golds and greens and blue colors that mark the symbols of the Zephra tribe. And then, in the center of them, you've met once before, you see stepping forth, Korren, the father of Keyleth and the current acting Voice of Tempest of the Zephra. His long white, silver hair drifting behind him. He approaches with a look. Everyone holds back as he steps forth from the crowd and ignoring the rest of you, just goes and beelines straight to Keyleth. You can see him, he has a bit of a limp to him that you don't recall from last time, but he seems other than that in good health. As he approaches you, he clasps his hands out in front of him and takes a good long look at you as he reaches out and takes your hands into his own. "My daughter." "Kaitiyaki, Keyleth. We've heard that the defense of Emon was successful, yes?" "Good, good. I'm glad we could be of some aid to your journey." "And we will remember those we lost in that fray. The great sacrifices that they gave so that "these children could live. So?" And at this point, he now takes notice of the rest of the group. "By "what joy do we have of bringing your allies here and returning to your people?" "Yes, you have." "I just wanted to hear it from your lips." "Well, while we still have daylight, let us prepare for the ceremony. Come, come, all of you. "You are welcome, welcome here in Zephra. We'll begin, decoration shall commence. Rest, prepare, "naught but two or three hours until the ceremony is to occur." He turns, and folks begin to rush in, and people just begin to barrage you with questions and congratulations, and a number of individuals who seem to have heard stories, many second-hand, and exaggerations of the various things that you've accomplished over the past year or so here in Tal'Dorei. You answer questions, you play into the tall tales if you want. One child turns to you and goes, "And who are you?" "I don't know who you are." "You--" (all laugh) Immediately, over the next hour or two, people begin to gather floral wreaths and strips of silk and material that have been prepared specifically for these types of occasions. Many of them new, made from the recent generations in preparation, many that are held over by tradition and by the various leaders that came before you. Many that may have had the hope of the return of Vilya, but instead, carry through with memory of Keyleth. As this transpires, you guys are brought food, you are gathered into a central open celebration. Almost like a pit that descends about two feet, and there are a number of stools and tables, and food and drink are brought about. As opposed to an event and then a celebration afterward, it seems to be a reverse here at Zephra. It's a build-up. It's everyone, the excitement grows. As this is happening, you glance off and there is one very large, singular tree right across the way, at the very edge of the precipice of this rocky outcropping that holds most of the city of Zephra. And there at the edge you see one large, twisting, gnarled tree that curves upward. Not quite Sun Tree in height and size, but still very elegant and beautiful with long, thin branches that gently sway on the outskirts of whatever barrier seems to bend and twist the winds from coming and scattering the village. You watch as people step up to it, and they're leaving jewelry, they're putting large ribbons across it. Elements of it remind you of the tree that was in the center of the temple in Vesrah, though a different texture. It seems to be a deep, vibrant, healthy dark brown, and with elements of gray bark, with moss that grow at the base and tuck under the branches, where the shadows tend to linger throughout the day. Eventually, it seems that they have returned and the decor is set, benches have been moved, and most of the people of Zephra are now shifting in the direction of this tree. He's in the process of a conversation. And it's interesting. During this whole thing, he was excited to see you and that you've come, but he's also-- he's kept a strange distance from you during this preparation. He smiles, and you guys meet eyes occasionally, but he's also just focusing on this endeavor, and then you kind of come out of the blue. "Ah, yes, Vax'ildan." "Quickly. We're about to begin, but yes." "As are we all." "As do you. As does she." And he reaches out and pats you on the head and ruffles your hair a little bit. And even that feels a little awkward for him, like he felt impulsive to do it, and then 'oh, that wasn't very-- mm.' "Anyway. Come. It's nearly time." And as all of you are led over, there are spaces at the very front of the ceremony, in the semicircle around this tree. There are platforms set up at the base of this tree now. Amongst these hundreds of various, dangling threads, these small pieces of paper that flitter on the outskirts of the gentle wind that pushes through. You guess they might contain wishes or passages or something, but you see bits of script written on them amongst the various glinting pieces of glass and gems and stone that have been polished. It's small, but beautiful. Eventually, you're led to sit in the center of this semi-circle, and as everyone gathers and takes their seat, you hear the occasional kid crying and people muttering to themself, and eventually everyone shushes as Korren, now wearing a very old ceremonial long light blue and white robe wearing what looks to be some sort of a somewhat tattered, like a scarf that's wrapped around his neck and drapes off each of his arms. It's thick and it's long and it almost touches the ground around him, but you can tell from the way he holds it, and his arms consistently rest at this crooked position that it has some symbolism to this ceremony. As he steps up under the tree and turns around everyone gets very quiet, and the wind seems to almost stop on the outside of this barrier. The rushing, perpetual gust of air seems to almost hold its breath for this. He clears his throat. And as he looks up to everyone, you swear this tree begins to slowly produce cherry blossoms as his words continue. "For long, we of the winds have awaited the procession of our "tradition. With the passing of our elder voice, Dwala, it was my wife Vilya who was selected to "take the Aramente. Beautiful and full of determination, she accepted her path. And while "she did not return to us, the destiny she set is now seen as one of preparation. Her journey was "not in vain, for it was her love that produced our daughter. It was her guidance in joy that taught "our child compassion. It was her discipline and understanding that forged young Keyleth's spark of "intuition and unlocked her adept connection with nature and the winds. We mourn the loss of our "Vilya, but take pride that she lives on in the eyes of our own, returned, beloved woman of the "winds. Here we bring together our collective voices to bless upon my daughter, the memory of "Vilya, the champion of Guasar, the mantle of our destiny." And as he puts his arms up, from around you to each side, Keyleth, you watch as young acolytes begin to approach from each side, arms down. All seemingly carrying these various pieces of dark green, leather-like material. And as they come together, they latch them into place and slowly build this mantle. "Ring clear our voices "to unite our breath and grant our strength to her guidance and wisdom, as Keyleth takes the rightful "and earned responsibility of leading our people into this next generation." At this point, the assembled mantle is placed into Korren's arms. And you now see this beautiful neck and shoulder piece that rests past to the elbows, but limp and without body, in his hands. As he holds it there and the rest of the acolytes step back and find their place, seated, he lifts his arms up a bit and begins to just sing a singular note (sings). And everyone around you in Zephra begins to join in in this singular note. Do you choose to join in as well? As you do, the notes begin to separate and harmonize instinctually. It creates this symphony, this beautiful tangling of hundreds of voices from all across the spectrum. And what at first may seem to resemble a discordant hymn, finds this perfect spread of every note you've ever heard, musically merging as one. As he does this, instinctually, Keyleth, without even thinking, you rise and begin to walk towards him. Like the spirits of generations before you are lifting you by your shoulders and elbows, and bring you up before your father. You find the breath leave your lungs, the inside of your mouth is dry. You're unable to understand what it is that's driving you, but before you know it you're standing before your father, looking up into his eyes as all of these voices just swirl around you, this weird warmth. The nerves in your stomach still climb to the top and vibrate within your chest. As your father places this mantle over your head and shoulders, and it comes to rest on you, heavier than you expected, but it fits well. As he places this, the green fades to a golden brown and red and orange and yellow. And the green leaves almost drip back into a long, springing trail of a cloak behind you that seems to grow with each passing surge of these voices around her, until it reaches the ground and curls behind. Eventually the cloak stops. The voices soften, and come to silence, as you look up once more into your father's face. "Rise, my daughter, and become "Keyleth, Voice of the Tempest." He steps back and bows his head. Steps off the platform. And you stand and turn, and it's just you at the base of tree, looking about at all of Zephra before you, quiet, silent. And your friends before you, at the front of the crowd. As you glance past the group, you can see just the faint flutter of golden light and energy. Wherever she is, a part of her is watching. At this point, you watch as the light that remains of the eventually soon-to-come setting sun glints across the cheek of Keyleth, the bit of damp tear that has rolled down her cheek just detaches from the edge of her chin and hits the bottom of the stone. Every cherry blossom in the tree releases, and drifts past her from behind, before getting caught up in the wind just past her, causing this swirl of pinks and reds and whites behind her. Everyone around rises up, and they all begin to cheer and clap. All together. You look around and watch the rest of these blossoms slowly drift. You look and see your friends around you. You look around and you see your mother, out of the corner of your eye, just the memory of her. You sense that if she could be here, she would've been. Your father steps up and takes your hands and just says, "I'm so proud of "you. And there's much to be done, I know, but I'm proud of you." And he takes your hand, and holds it up once more. "To the Voice of the Tempest. And the future of our people." Everyone cheers once more together. And with that, you gain the Inspiring Leader feat. Inspiring Leader feat, as the end of your Aramente. Which is pretty fun. What that allows you to do is-- No, you can totally die. You can spend ten minutes inspiring your companions, shoring up their resolve to fight. When you do so, choose up to six friendly creatures, which can include yourself, within 30 feet that can hear and understand you. Each creature can gain temporary hit points equal to your level plus your charisma modifier. And they can only gain the temporary hit points from this until they finish a short or long rest. So every short rest you can give everyone 17 temporary hit points. Essentially, you take ten minutes to talk everybody up. So start practicing. And we'll leave it there for the evening. That was awesome. Completed your Aramente, took up the mantle, and, apparently, going to the Iron City of Dis soon. That's going to be fun. Well done, guys. Thank you again, Loot Crate, for being our awesome sponsor. You guys are always such an absolute pleasure. Thank you for playing in my weird make-up world. Oh, that was fun. I've been waiting for everybody to get to that moment. Glad you survived to get there.