Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons and Dragons-- -- you assholes. Welcome. Tonight should be an interesting episode, but, before we begin, let's go ahead and get through our announcements for the evening! So, welcome, and, first and foremost, tonight we are sponsored by our friends at Loot Crate. Thank you, Loot Crate, for being amazing sponsors. Sam, did you want to tell us a little about-- (laughing) Oh my god. Thank you for that! Sam. That is, thank you very much. Indeed. Just a heads-up, guys, we've done a couple of these and we're going to do a couple more of these upcoming For Honor streams, where a few of us are going to be guesting on here for a number of hours to play For Honor and beat the shit out of each other and other people, as various historical warriors of old. And then a number of us are actually, I think, a voice in the game. But yeah. So tomorrow, joining the Nerdist team from 9 am to 12 noon Pacific Time, we have Liam and Travis-- --to jump in on there, and then, on Saturday, from 12 noon to 3 pm, that's going to be Travis, Taliesin, Sam, Marisha, and myself on there---- all playing the game, getting crazy. (laughs) So yeah, it'll be here on the Twitch, check it out, I'm really excited, I haven't played the game yet? And everyone I know who's talked about has said it's ridiculously fun and amazing. It's like, the upgrade of Dark Souls combat and I'm really excited about it. (accented voice) Going down. Oh, wow. The chain goes deep. It's true, it's true. That's our next shirt. "Daisy Chain of Assholes." I'm okay with that. Also, don't google that phrase! All right! Next up, we have (quieter) me, breaking my pen. Uh-- April 1st! WonderCon! Save the date. We have-- We do now. That's all the information we have so far, but April 1st, WonderCon. Critical Role and Talks Machina live, in their-- -- big room, it's gonna be good. No. There's plenty of seats. We should have a poll in the community for which member of the team Sam gets to prank. (all laugh) Also! Isn't it, though? All right! Next up-- Signal Boost has returned. Marisha, if you want to talk about that. He's awesome. He's also the main villain, Ardyn, in Final Fantasy XV and a bunch of other games. Super talented-- He's incredible. There you go. And people correct you for mispronouncing it. Yeah, Erika Ishii just did hers-- --and then Amy Dallen's up next, right? Awesome. Laura, do you have a merch update? It's on the list. (singing) Things, oh God! (clicking dice) Such a beautiful sound. That's pretty great. All right! Anything else anyone wants to talk about? Or are we good? I think we're good. So we're going to hop in, and start off tonight's episode of-- Critical Role. (All cheer) Hello everyone, and welcome back. (all laugh) So, to get you up to speed with our current story Vox Machina, having just completed the destruction of the Chroma Conclave, a scourge of ancient chromatic dragons that have terrorized the countryside. They are victorious, yet in the process lost a couple of lives. Percy returned and Scanlan, his lifeless body brought back to Whitestone. They completed the ritual correctly, and he came to life; however, he remains unconscious in a pseudo-coma. They left him in Whitestone, hopefully to recover. While beginning to finish up some of their last business they've been unable to with the current rush of this current arc. They made a journey to Vasselheim, where they walked through the Abundant Terrace and into the Birthheart itself, the temple of Melora within Vasselheim, spoke with one of the various worshippers there, and buried a box of ashes, apparently, of Senokir's wife-- --as a thank you for when you guys journeyed and met him in the City of Brass on the Fire Elemental Plane. Upon doing so, you then began to scatter about the city to do some business. One of the elements of which Grog Strongjaw, along with Pike, made their way to the Trial Forge, which is the Kord section of the city. Returning to the Trial Forge, the temple to Kord, and upon walking to the center of the strangely empty temple structure, you saw, down in a once previously traversed sandpit, there stood Earthbreaker Groon, the high priest of Kord, who then turned to you-- --and asked you to "show him what you had learned." After slamming his feet into the sand and preparing himself for conflict, he beckons you towards him. And that is where we left off. So-- --as you're standing up there on the edge of this pit, Groon just stands there with his hand beckoning towards you. All righty. (jumping sound) (impact thud) There, as you land in the sand, the bottoms of your boots sinking but a couple of inches into the soft surface. Pike gets ready to leap down after and Groon puts his hand up. "No...." This fight is for us. You guys didn't say if you were catching up with them last time. So then you guys rush in afterward, hoping that-- Morpheus is fighting Neo, you guys-- (all laugh) You're going second. (clears throat) So. As you land and ready yourself with the hammer at the side, knowing that all of your friends are up on the outer edges of this watching you, you look up at Groon, who just, his hands at the ready, puts them down at his sides and just.... (slow steps) Just walks up towards you... And just stands there. Your turn. All righty! (laughs) Off to a start. All right. Okay. All right. On his turn he stands there. He stares right at you. Arms at the side-- Okay. He turns with you as you move and just rights himself and stares at you. Your turn. (all laugh) I know. Okay. (woosh) So-- All right. As you slam it into your chest, you can feel the impact, and there's that brief sharp bit of pain as the metal clashes against the muscle, slamming against the bone and your rib cage. And that pain just kind of shoots through you like exciting electricity and you harness the pain as your eyes blur for a moment as you feel the rage overtake you, your muscles flexing and tensing and with that fury now flowing through your body, you take the hammer. I need you to go ahead and make a wisdom saving throw. Yes. As you go to throw, the strength leaves your arm and it just hangs limp at the side. The attack is lost. You don't know. Yeah. You have two attacks. Okay. Roll another wisdom saving throw. Uh, 16, actually let me see this real fast. Monks are fun. What'd you roll? Nope. This time, you do manage to push through and throw the hammer, but you end up throwing it way wide. Like, 20 feet away from him. Like, you're looking at him and just go (whoosh) (all laugh) Well, you used your bonus action to rage, right? All right. He turns towards you. Walks forward-- --very, just, carefully and intently. That's his turn. You go. Okay, so you you're using both hands-- Go for it. Roll a wisdom saving throw. (laughter) You go to swing and he seems to blur for a moment, your eyes blink and as you swing with the hammer, you swung far to your left and it's almost like your arms are intentionally missing and almost fighting your directoral sense. Okay. Make a wisdom saving throw. Mm-hm. You go to punch and by the time it gets to his chest there's so little force behind it that your fingers just kind of unfold open against him, almost breaking your wrist in the process, and you pull back, and he's just staring right at you. "Show me you have the will to fight. Come at me!" Are you going to move or are you going to stay where you are? Okay. That's easy enough to get around here. All righty. All right. For his turn, he turns around-- Your turn. Okay... make a wisdom saving throw. You go to grab him, and you reach, and you feel this physical form in your grasp, and then your arms all of a sudden touch nothing, and you realize that he's standing where he was. You grabbed what was almost like a mirage or an illusion, it's almost like your brain is playing tricks on you. That's one attack. It looks hilarious. (all laugh) It's hilarious, and it's disconcerting, because you're watching as Grog, in the middle of his rage, most of his attacks are amateur, far too wide away from the target, or by the time they get close, he is holding himself back. And you don't know why. Something is messing with his will and preventing him from being able to follow through with his attacks. Second attack? Okay. You reach out and your finger touches his chest (cracking sound), and you feel-- He's real. The skin's there. That wasn't an attack. You touched him. He smiles at you and goes, "And with gentleness there comes clarity." And that's your turn? Okay. "With gentleness there comes clarity." And he smiles through his big, white-grey beard. And then the smile fades, his eyes flash, and he is going to attack you with a flurry of blows. The lesson's just begun. All right, that is-- ooh. 33 to hit. That is a 24 to hit. That is a natural one. So that is a failure. And it's a 32 to hit, so he hits you three times. So you're raging, so you take half damage from these, because they're bludgeoning, since he's punching you. His eyes flash, he rushes up and pummels you once in the chin, elbows you in the sternum, goes and grabs your shoulder and leaps over behind you and then kicks straight back into the middle of your shoulder blades and (pained gasp) you feel the breath almost get kicked out of you. That is 15 bludgeoning damage, halved to-- We'll say eight. That is nine, reduced to five, and that is 13 reduced to seven. There you go. That's his turn. You're up. Okay, go ahead and make an attack with disadvantage. Nope. With disadvantage, because you have your eyes closed. That just barely hits. (all gasp) 18 points of damage, gotcha. That's your first strike (hitting sound). You feel the weapon behind you make contact with a form, and (cracking noise), you see a little bit of sand out of your peripheral this side go (scattering sound) as his form gets pushed about a foot, kind of setting some of it off. Okay, roll again with disadvantage. That hits, yes. 18 points of damage. All righty. As he takes both impacts, kind of parrying them with his forearms with each impact. They're still hitting him, and he's still taking the brunt of the attack and the pain, but with each hit you can feel the force of his forearm is almost stopping still the hammer blow as you're throwing it behind you, and you can see him gritting teeth with each impact, but he's just staring right at you again as you kind of spin around, open your eye again to see what you did. He kind of gives you a bit of a narrowed glare-- Little bit of a stink eye. But like an intentional kind of connecting point and just says-- No, that's a whole different-- that's a different monk path. (all laugh) Let's see here. Okay, he's going to go ahead and attack you twice. (punch sound) Two punches, straight to your back of your shoulders and neck as you're turning around to look at him. That is a 17, misses. No, that does hit. And a 23. So both hit you. That is... 16, so eight damage. And that is ten, so five damage. And he's going to spend three ki. Yeah, three ki points. So, the first punch hits you across the chin. The second one, he slams his fingers, curled up, right into your sternum as you turn around to face him (whack), and as it hits you, you feel these kind of vibrations, ripples, carry through your body, and then slowly fade inside. And you feel this tingling, this very faint, brief numbness that just kind of lingers throughout your body. You can feel it gathering at the edge of fingertips and toes, almost like ripples through a lake, and he steps away. You get to make an attack of opportunity if you'd like. Don't forget, you can use your reaction to get an attack back because of your retaliation ability. 32 hits. Go ahead and roll damage. All righty, and he just stands across the way, and just kind of beckons you towards him. Your turn. Yeah. You're not quite sure. You don't feel bad, it's just this kind of uneasiness in your body. Mm-hm, take a step forward. Nope. (all laugh) Seems fine. (laughs) I'd have to bring out the cone template for that. Sure. Okay. So, go ahead. And I think it's your athletics versus his-- (mumbling) Acrobatics, I'm pretty sure. So, make an athletics check. Yeah, okay, so you go to grab him and he just (fwish) slips out. He just kind of like parries it to the side, ducks under and rights himself, just out of your grasp. Yeah. Okay, go for it. 24 hits. Yeah. Oh, minus five. So, as you go to swing, both of your hands on the hammer, (grunts) giant downward arc. As it slams downward, you see his form (whoosh) shift, and suddenly he's two feet to the right. He moved so fast with the side step, and you slam it down into the sand. You guys watch as this crater emerges (boom), and the sand shoots off the sides from the impact of Grog's blow on the ground. Groon seemingly unaffected. You're not frenzied yet, right? Okay. At the end of your turn, he's going to go ahead and make an unarmed attack on you. That's just his punch as a part of his legendary action here. That is a 27 to hit. You suffer another ten points of bludgeoning damage, reduced to five. Now it's Groon's turn. He's gonna go ahead and make another series of attacks on you. That is an 18? 17. All right. So that is nine plus eight. That'd be 17. So, say nine points of bludgeoning. And then--ooh! 18. So another nine points of bludgeoning damage. I need you to go ahead and make a constitution saving throw. 21, okay. As his first hit is a long round haymaker punch across the chin, he comes from underneath and goes for an uppercut that hits you right in the jaw. Right at the side where usually it would snap and really mess with somebody's ability to stay either conscious or control their atmosphere. You just manage to maneuver out of the way where it hurts, but the impact doesn't hit its intended place, and you resist the effect. You don't know. It's your turn. Okay. (unenthused cheering) Go for it. 27? That hits. Okay. This one cracks him right across the side of his shoulder and pec area (wham), and you watch as for the first time since this battle started, he loses his footing, and he has to catch himself behind. His head looks back and he turns around towards you and a big smile goes across his face as he goes, "Good. Keep showing me." Go for it. Yeah, go ahead and roll damage. 32. Nice. Okay. Sure. That hits, yeah. Okay, cool. All right, so, as you unleash your next series of blows against him, you saw him topple from the first hit. The other two, he pulls his arms in and takes them, one to the shoulder, and the other one hits him in the stomach (air getting knocked out) and he grabs your arm, and pushes off. Jumps in the air and lands about five feet from you. He looks, more so than the previous fight that you had with him, it looks like he's starting to take some hits. He's gonna use Legendary Action to take a hit on you. That is a 30. Actually it's with advantage because-- So that is another nine points of bludgeoning damage. Not halved. That is what it is halved. Because it would be 18, yeah. Okay. His turn. He slowly walks around you. And says, "Your size is useful for those who know not how to use it against you." And he rushes down, beneath your large standing form, and goes into a series of strikes against the inside of your knees and your legs and we'll see how the last blow hits. That's a 30 on the first hit. That is a 21 on the second hit. That is a 29 on the third hit. And natural 20 on the fourth. Yeah. So that is 18 reduced to half; that's nine. 14 reduced in half is seven. That is a nine reduced in half is five. And final strike is a 20. Reduced in half, that is ten. Sure! Go for it. And I would like you to make another constitution save. No, you reduce the attack, which was 10 damage? Yeah, it does none. 18. Okay. You feel from that impact, all of your muscles seize up. He goes for the same strike zone on the other side of the chin and hits and you kind of (groans) as you pull back. And then, feel all of a sudden this pulse (throbbing sound). The pulse (louder throbbing sound) and all your muscles tense up. You're stunned until the end of your next turn. Can't move, can't do anything, you're considered incapacitated. Okay. Groon is thinking to go ahead and step back to there. Which would be there. And as he darts back, you guys watch as he runs to the back. As he does, his feet barely touch the sand (fast, light footsteps). You see these very faint little plumes behind each footstep, as this giant man has almost no weight across the ground----as he runs with such speed. And as he lands and finds his footing (loud boom), the weight seems to kick in once more, and you watch as the sand (scattering sound) shoots out behind him. He stands his ground and crosses his arms, and just watches. So Grog, it's your turn. You're stunned. You end your turn, you're no longer stunned. It's now back to him. He puts his hand up. Puts it up towards you. Closes his fingers And you feel this (pulse) in your chest, right in the sternum right where he hit you earlier. I need you to go ahead and roll a constitution saving throw again. 21! That (pulse) sound ripples out (rapid impacts) and you feel the muscles begin to tear, the ligaments begin to burn from the inside. You manage to, through the sheer force of physical constitution, shrug off what would've been immensely more deadly circumstance, but you still do take 10d10 necrotic damage. (everyone groans) No, you would've dropped to zero hit points. It's the Quivering Palm. He's not holding back this time. 18... 26. Take 51 points of necrotic damage. 51 points of necrotic damage. 51 points of necrotic damage. You guys watch as Grog is standing there, his body shakes and shimmers, and you watch various veins that usually bulge in his rage and enhance blood flow of his combat just (bursts and splatters) bursts in places. And blood just seems to spray out of him from multiple positions on his body.  And you see the blood now leaking all over him. He's just covered in his own crimson. He slowly turns around, prepares himself for the next round of combat. Okay, you turn around--(counting) You just get into melee with him. Okay! Go and make your attacks at disadvantage. LAURA and No. Because he used his Patient Defense. Essentially with each blow that you----swing towards him, he's just prepared himself from a defensive position, to prepare himself. And he's using your own momentum against you to sway every attack away from him. So make all of your attacks at disadvantage. Nope. So the first blow swings wide. He grabs the actual side of the hammer with both hands and just (whooshes) throws it off to the side. 26. He attempts to parry this one, however, your sheer force of strength manages to push past his grasp, and you bring the hammer down towards his clavicle. Go ahead and roll damage. 20! You mean 30. And if you're using your bonus action, you can get one more strike in. Go for it. Nope. So, the second one does hit the clavicle, and it cracks and he (grunts). You see a little bit of blood spill out the corner of his mouth down his chin. And he looks up at you, and for a second there, the whites of his eyes seem to almost dim ever so slightly into a moment of humanity you haven't seen in him yet. He's been this godlike entity and this is the first point where you see that pain show just a hint of any sort of weakening. And he kinda looks right up into you. "Good. Good." And as you go for your third strike he literally puts up his hand and (heavy impact) catches the hammer in place. He just holds it there as he stares at you. Good. That is the first lesson. Let's see if your words can be put into practice. He is going to, let's see... Yeah, he's going to go into a flurry of blows against you. That's a natural 20. That is a 18? That is a 26. Yeah, those all hit, okay. So the first one is 18, reduced to half, is nine. That is a nine, reduced to half, five. That is a 12 reduced to six. And that is a 13 reduced to seven. And he's just going to go ahead and rotate around you to the opposite side. As he turns around (punch sounds), hitting you as he goes with each hit. I need you to go ahead and make a strength saving throw. You have advantage on these because you're raging. This is true. 21, okay, yeah. So, the last blow, as he comes round (punch noise), does a roundhouse kick and brings back and goes for a huge double-fisted kind of earth-side punch into your torso. It's about to push you backward, but you dig in your feet (grunts) and resist it and hold your place. Now it's your turn. Okay. Okay! Go ahead and make an athletics check. No, that's a 30 acrobatics. (everyone gasps) All right, roll again. Remember, you have advantage on these because you're raging. Okay, that's a 24 acrobatics. As you pull your hands up out of the dirt reaching out for him with these giant Titanstone gauntlet-encrusted fingers (groans), and the sand burst goes upwards, you reach, and find nothing but sand. And as the sand fades, he uses his-- Is this the end of your turn, because you still have a bonus action. Okay, so as the sand is still cascading, now you can see his shape through it, what are you doing with your third strike? Okay, one more time. Advantage on your athletics. He only rolled 24. With the sand there, kind of coming down from the impact of you pulling your fists out, you reach out and finally they find purchase on the sides of his arms. And doing so, you (boom) pull him in, and grasp him right to your chest. The hammer still clutched in your right hand, and you watch as he (grunts) gets pulled in now, and he is firmly in your grasp, he is currently grappled. You want to make this into a bodyslam? I'll let you, sure. Okay. We'll say for the purposes of this, since your intent was to bodyslam him, go ahead and roll an attack with disadvantage. It's without your weapon bonus. It's minus 3. 22. You grab him and you lift, and it's like he's anchored to the ground. He's much smaller than you, and you can lift things far larger and denser than him, but for some reason, he won't budge an inch. He's just staring up at you, with his arms pressed to his sides. All right. You're squatting down and grappling him. You went to lift him up but (grunts) he wouldn't budge. As you're holding him, he closes his eyes. And you watch as this kind of warm orange-ish white energy begins to just emanate-- --from various parts in his body. Just here, in the middle of the forehead a little glimmer opens here, a little glimmer in the shoulder-- --his various chakra points begin to glow. And you watch as many of the bruises and bludgeons that you put upon his body, and cuts begin to heal up. (laughs) And he can't move, he's currently grappled. All right, so that's his turn. You go ahead. You still have him grappled. I'll say go ahead and make another athletics check. 24, he got a 21. So we'll say for this, you go ahead, you'll be releasing the grapple, but you slam him on the ground and make him prone. So you manage to just (grunts) rip him off of whatever weird center of gravity he's forced himself into, lift him over your head, and just pile-drive him into the ground. (boom) Once again, you see sand and dust kick up, and then you see these two legs sticking up as you've basically planted him in the ground like a carrot. And he is currently prone on the ground, yes. When he is prone, attack rolls against the creature have advantage if you're within five feet, so yes you do. 24, that hits. 35. Nice! Okay, that's your second attack. 23 just hits. 38, oof! All righty. So as you're shouting this the first blow comes down (whack), you're not even seeing him or seeing the impact, all you're seeing is sand and fury. The second and final blow, you bring up, and as you bring it down you feel something (crack) crack underneath. And you watch as you pull the hammer up again, he pushes off, and he's gonna actually use it at the end of your turn-- are you going to move? It's up to you, you can stay where you are. Okay. So at the end of your turn he's going to go ahead and use a legendary action to attack you. It's a 30. So it hits you. All right, that's 18, halved to nine, take nine points of damage. And I need you to make another constitution saving throw. Sick, okay! As you pull up from the hammer, you can see now, there's quite a bit of blood now out of his mouth, and there's a part of the chest where it's pushed in, and you can see where the impact has caused heavy bruising and parts of the skin have broken open from impact. So now he's bleeding in places. You're bleeding all over the place. So it's just this mess of two somewhat dressed humanoid men covered in their own blood. It's delightful. Yeah, blood and sand. It's encrusted everywhere. He pushes off and manages to hit you in the sternum once again, the same place where the vibrations hit. However this time you grab his hand as it gets there, and it still hits you, but the gauntlets absorb the impact and prevent it from spreading through your body. That ends your turn. It's now his turn. He stands up from prone. Yeah. Okay, he's going to go ahead and hit you twice (punch sounds). That is an 18? And a 20. So yeah, so the first one--I need you to make a constitution saving throw. And you take 14 reduced to half, seven points of bludgeoning damage. 13. Seven. You feel your muscles lock up once more, and you're stunned now. That allows his attack, and since you are stunned, attacks against you have advantage, and you are incapacitated, so hits that are against you are technically all crits. So the next hit that went against you is six plus eight-- Sure, you go. So you feel as your body locks up, the next hit (whack) goes right into the same place where he keeps hitting you in the sternum. You can feel the bruising, now you hear the (crack) crack inward as you feel the cartilage there pop inward. That's the second hit. He goes in for two more strikes now as you're stunned. (whoof) The next one, the third one, that's going to be a 27? That is eight plus eight, you take eight damage because it's halved. So take eight bludgeoning damage. And his final hit, that is going to be a 30. That is going to be a 6, 12, 20, reduce that to ten bludgeoning damage. Okay. He's going to stand right there. Your turn. Yep. What are you going to do? He just went. He got up from prone, that's half his movement, and he's not going to move around you, he's staying right where he is. What do you do? Okay! Go for it. Oh no, actually, you're stunned this turn. I just remembered that. So, you grin, and then (grunts) your body just won't respond. It's about that. You're stunned until the end of your turn. Your turn ends, at the end of your turn he's going to use one of his legendary actions to use Like The Wind, and he gets to move his speed without attacks of opportunity. He just (whoosh) slips back and he's on the opposite side, and just goes. That's your turn? Okay. He begins to rotate. Over there... and that's his turn. Correct. Short range is 20? Just get up within 20 feet of him. You wanna try? (counting) You just barely get up to him. What are you gonna do? Okay. You have disadvantage on them because of his Patient Defense, so they're just straight rolls. Patient Defense, yes. Okay. 10's for the hammer. 42 points of damage on the first one, ooh. Second attack. 26 hits. 35 points of damage? Oof. Last attack. 22, no. Yeah, it is minus five. So, you go bounding up towards him (boom boom boom). He just sits there waiting, his arms up. The first strike, he goes to parry but as you hit (crack), his arm gets knocked out of the way, preventing him from parrying the second strike as it comes down right across the side of the face (boof), hitting him, you watch as blood (splattering sound) across the sand and you see his jaw's kinda momentarily dislodged, his beard just kinda crusted in his own blood. As you come up with a giant over-the-head blow and as it comes down, he (crack) slaps it from both sides and stops it mid-action. You see his hands shaking as he's holding it, and he just kinda looks up in your face, "Good. Good." It's now his turn. As he throws the hammer back over your head, which puts you off-balance, he's gonna go into his first two strikes. The first one is a 21 to hit? That is gonna be ten, reduced to five. Second one, uh-- on the first one, I need you to make another constitution saving throw. Same damage, yeah. But he's gonna do-- 23. 21, that's right, yeah. So you manage to resist, the effect of the stunning strike. He's gonna go for the secondary attack. Which was seven plus 13, it's 20, so that still hits you. You take 18, reduce that to nine. Make another constitution saving throw. 20, you just barely shrug off the effect of the stunning strike. (all sigh in relief) He is gonna go in for his flurry of blows 'cause he knows you're on the edge. He knows you're on the edge. That's a natural 20. (all gasp)That is 16 plus 8, that is 24 points of damage reduced to half to 12. Right! Oh shit, okay. I forgot about that. Well, you need to make a constitution saving throw. The DC of 10. Okay, so the third hit, the first couple just kinda loosen you up (pop pop)-- The third hit, he leaps in the air, kinda Troy style (whack) and hits you right square in the face-- -- up in the air and (ringing punch sound) you kinda pull back as you feel your vision begin to darken, and then you feel that surge of white hot rage in the back of your skull (crack) bring you back, and you (grunt) pull back up as he lands, and you watch as his expression goes (huff) and he darts downward and goes for a low to high ground uppercut dragon punch style. That's gonna-- oh, that's an 18 plus 13, that's a 31. (all groan) (boom) Hits you right underneath the chin, now make-- Correct. 27. As it knocks you into the air, almost onto your feet but you manage to catch yourself and (groans) right back up as he lands (cracks) turns around and looks at you and goes, "I see what you've learned." (all laugh) It's your turn. Go for it. 24 hits. Okay. 20. So the first one hits (whack), it hits him in the side of the head, the other side, it rights his jaw strangely but knocks him down onto three points. He's down on his hand and his two knees in the ground, his other arm's still up, clenched in a fist. He's breathing heavily, like he's on the edge. Second strike, you go-- -- to swing down and he rolls out of the way (fwish, crack), hits the ground with no effect. You're going for your third and final strike. Go for it 25 hits. Roll damage. (all cheer) Okay, how do you want to do this? (all cheer and clap) The first one hits, the second one, he rolls out of the way and you pull back-- (crack) You guys watch as he knocks him clean 15 feet in the air from the blast of the blow. He ends up landing on top and the outside-- -- of the arena (boom) landing strewn across the steps that lead to the edge of the sand pit, and there's just quiet in the chamber. As he stands there breathing heavily, covered in blood. There's spatters of blood all across the sand and Groon's just lying there, unconscious, breathing. You guys are yelling. At this point, there's the opening at the top of the temple. There's... a rumbling sound, a (rumble), from up above. And there's a small spark of energy that (cracks) up above, (cracks) streaks down and hits Groon-- LAURA and -- like a very faint lightning bolt, just (pfft) out of the sky and Groon rises up on the side, his eyes just vibrant bright, almost glowing, and he stands back up, and he's still covered in his own blood, he's wrecked. You can see parts of his body where the muscle is swollen, one arm appears to be almost ruined, but he lands right in front of you. "You've learned much... and Kord smiles upon you." As you look up and you hear the roiling again, and two bolts come streaming out of the top of the temple down towards Grog. And slamming into your body, you instinctually pull down and hunker, as an animal in a thunderstorm would, but you feel the warmth as your gauntlets all of a sudden flash with electrical energy. And you look down as the runes on all the sides, and the chains are now glowing with divine energy. As the roiling kinda comes to a close you hear the (thunder noises) of thunder begin to subside, and you feel the smell of burnt sky and ozone around you begin to subside, still looking down at the energy pulsing through the gauntlets. Groon is still standing there, looking up at you, and just goes "Continue with your journey." And just looks at you, waiting for some kind of response. And (slamming noise) slams and pulls you in, and with an intensity you feel his fingers crack, even through these newly-imbued gauntlets you feel the tension as his grip is still, strangely... You expect he could be powerful enough to crush the gauntlet with his bare fingers. He just pulls you in from your giant form. The strength is immense and you (grunt) kinda pull down into his form. He looks you straight up, face to face, but an inch away. "What have you learned?" And how will you utilize this knowledge? His grip pulls off, and he withdraws his arm, and he releases you back to your full standing pose. Now, at your enlarged form, gargantuan in the center of this temple space, his once very intimidating form, diminutive by comparison to Grog's full structure, looks up and nods. "I thank you." Yes. Yes you are. As you make your way back, Groon steps and leaps back out onto the opposite side, and you can see, on the opposite end of the platform, of the sand pit, there is a silver, somewhat tarnished, but still functional, bell. And he walks over to the side of it, grabs the rope, and just-- (tolling of a low bell). And you watch, from all the different corners of the empty temple, all the priests of Kord begin to wander back in, who had exited previously, as was the request, it seems, of Earthbreaker Groon, knowing that you were coming. They all just silently enter and kind of nod and bow in your direction as you make your way towards your friends. You acknowledge it, but it doesn't slow you, doesn't stop you, they are still your focus. And you guys watch as Grog approaches, bloodied, beaten, barely conscious, one eye, the lid is kinda drooping a bit. And even though he's strong in his stride, there's still a shake with his knees, but he doesn't show that weakness. He keeps pushing towards you with a slight smile through his bearded face. Cure, Cure Things! You have the spell! No, I mean-- Vex has the spell. Sure, I rolled it for you. You heal eight hit points. Oh, yeah. As you guys walk off, the silhouetted most-of-Vox-Machina with one giant Grog form stepping through. You exit the Trial Forge into the rest of Vasselheim. We'll take a break there. Yeah, what does it do? Yeah. Well, not double damage. He had that previously. 26 is good. It's two more than what you had, so everything goes up plus one damage to hit. All right, guys. We're gonna take a quick break, hit the restroom, get some snacks, and we'll be back here in a few minutes. Thank you again. See you in a second. [break] So, picking up where we left off, Vox Machina is now exiting the Trial Forge into the Braving Grounds, Grog with the recently reinforced Titanstone Gauntlets by the strength of Kord through your duel with Earthbreaker Groon. Red mist. (all laugh) I'm pretty sure a kitten has less hit points than that. Who would've had a level one character with less hit points then a kitten. That would be the saddest thing ever. (all laugh) What we're saying is 'kitten' is the baseline hit point counter in Dungeons and Dragons, everybody. All right, I'm going to use three hit dice, I'm at 12 kittens. Uh, at this point in time Scanlan's been out for almost a day. From what you know of the Conclave, no. Make an investigation check. Okay, with a cursory glance of the area of the Quad Roads which you previously went to for the acquiring of various tonics and salves and healing liquids, you do find a new nice establishment that's just recently been built. And as you enter to check in, the gentleman at the front looks up at you, and is familiar looking, and he goes "Can I help you-- No! You are not welcome. Leave. Now. Out. Please." (snaps fingers) And these two bouncers kind of step-- Please. No. Not her. Please! Your business is not welcome here, goodbye. You? What do you want from me? We don't have many. We can do business. We cannot. You're not welcome in my establishment. I can yell! (groans) (huffs) "Well, our stocks have been running low since last time you came through, we don't have much!" He puts up a small leather case and opens it. Blah, blah, blah, blah. I really don't care. I have four healing potions and one greater. That is all I have. That's it. You want it? No? Then good day. Perfect. Please! Could you please just escort them out-- 1500 gold pieces. Based on your previous dealings with this individual, the fact that you are getting a price at all-- --is good. It's not a good market price, but it's also a buyer's market right now. He starts putting them back into the leather case. (huffs) Probably yes, you're right. They are colored liquid of no particular worth. You're right, leave. Begone. He hands the potions over to Grog. "Very well. Enjoy your day, and I'd be wary of keeping her as your business contact. She's a bit abrasive." I'm sharing it with a few folks, it's sort of a partnership, but yes. Well, I've had to hire bodyguards, if that's any indication. Cidrick Gillsman. I just generally run the realm of healing balms and salves. My partner does a bit more than that, but he is out currently picking up a shipment and will be back in a few days. Try back then. Who are you? I do, and I don't trust you enough to tell you this information. Thank you, that is very generous. I don't know. He gives the ten gold back. All right. All right. 4d8 (all laugh) 4d8 plus your wisdom modifier. (laughs) There you go. All righty. So you find your way back to the Abundant Terrace, where you find a similar-sized tree, to what you arrived in. Using Transport Via Plants, you transport yourself back to Whitestone, stepping out of the Sun Tree. Make your way-- Where else, you would like to within Whitestone? It's the air ashari, man. So what were you saying? I mean, it hasn't been-- -- really functional for a while. Whitestone has had-- there's generally-- There were two brothels, one was destroyed, in the Briarwoods' run. As one of the titled masters of Whitestone, it could very well in the near future. Just tell me so I can add it to the campaign guide. (all laugh) You know what? Make a history check. Okay. You've never been to it, but you recall one of your older brothers who is of age did return and tell stories of a house of-- -- flesh and pleasure. You don't recall its name, but you know that it existed somewhere on the western side of this city, and within a short period of time, you could lead him to it. So you guys find your way back to castle Whitestone, upwards to Scanlan's room. The door's partially ajar. On the inside you see Kaylie is actually asleep. She's sitting on a stool next to the bed and her head's down, and she's very lightly snoring. And there, in the bed, as you left him, is Scanlan. Well, he's been turned. No, she's leaning back in a chair and is passed out. Scanlan is still on the bed. (falling sound) (yelps) Oh, I'm gonna remember that. She looks groggy and slightly hung over and is like, "All right. So, you've all come back? He hasn't really done nothing" And she kinda smacks him in the side of the face and wipes some of the pudding off. You hear, just ever so faintly, as you kinda are coming out of your stupor, you hear what sounds like voices muffled, and it comes to, you hear what sounds like Grog, and then what sounds like Kaylie, and then something hits you in the cheek and you feel a slight tinge of pain like a flick. But your eyes begin to blink, and you guys watch as Scanlan begins to stir. It's like a vanilla custard. It's a little sour. You guys hear Scanlan talking. Your hands are bound up over your head currently, and you are dressed in a nightgown and your room and yourself are, there's spatters of pudding everywhere. And you hear Kaylie's voice, "Oh, you think that? Probably right true." Well, apparently your friends brought me along to make sure that you woke up nice and right. Aye. "Aye, but at the very least--" And she reaches over and undoes the bindings on your wrists. Your fingers are a little numb. You pull back and kind of rub them instinctually. She goes, "Don't take too long. I've a mind to speak to you in a minute." Aye? "Sure." She just kind of storms past and pushes, a little gnome figure pushing through the crowd of Vox Machina, and out of the room. (hoarsely) You leave the room? (clears throat) Okay. As you push the door open-- it's still partially ajar-- and as you push it open, leaning against the wall just by the door is Kaylie, and you can see she has tears streaming down her face. She doesn't let you. As soon as you go for it, she just kind of smacks it away-- "Grab your things. Be waiting for you downstairs." And she walks out. Okay. As he walks down the hall, you hear his feet across the stonework echo quieter and quieter until you can't hear it anymore, and you all stand in stunned silence in the chamber. It opens slightly. The pillow lays on the ground smattered with vanilla pudding. I would say he would've grabbed his things as he left, yeah. Yeah. You eventually find Percy, yeah. Yeah. (all laugh) Yeah. Crying in your pudding. You see that Pike is still kinda shaking her fist in the corner right now. She doesn't say anything during this whole exchange. He needs to do this... Right? He needs to do this. What do we need to do? I need to get a drink. Where else do we have to go? Away from here. I just want to be away from here. All right. Anything else? It's been a while, but yeah. I can do that. Why can't we still help each other out? His path is his own. He has to do his thing alone. We don't have to be alone. Percy's not there Pike. Yeah, they're all just congregating in the next chamber. Pike kinda walks up to you as they walk out of the room and puts her gauntleted hand on your shoulder and just says, "We all make mistakes, I make 'em a lot." You have a lot of other people to look up to, aside from just me. His path is his own. And he'll come back. Right? Me too. (sighs) Let's get a drink. Yeah. You guys all individually find your way through the rest of the afternoon to discuss, cope with and ruminate on the separation of Scanlan. Going through all the different emotions you feel that are necessary, and whatever activities you proceed to distract yourself with. Grog. Yes, you will. That's extra. (all laugh) He's not, actually. I don't know where you got that idea. There you go! (laughs) You guys still got shit to do. You guys made promises, you're still on a timeline for some things. You still have things to do. Don't take that as Sam closing the curtain here. Still got shit to do. No, that's okay. Cross-table hugs are fine. The next morning comes around, you're all in various states of hungover; should you have chosen to imbibe with the rest of the party. Grog eventually wanders in, less hungover but more meek about how his previous day was. She slaps you. Does it still hurt? Good. It is. Yeah, spells are back, you guys are healed. Pike casts Restoration on Vax. Which ones? That's definitely the quickest. Pike grabs a bucket. (all laugh) So what's the plan. What's up first? Okay. From the things that you gathered off, a lot of them were candle-holders, there were various reagents, some of them rotted or dried out, a number of books and tomes, some that deal with poisons, various alchemy. Actually, a similar book to the one that you found earlier in your travels, but an older version of it. And there is the one large tome that you acquired that had the more nefarious-looking leather-bound exterior, the thicker piece. The easiest person to find here would probably be Allura, in the castle. Well, no, because Allura's off in Emon helping with the destruction. Gilmore would be the only one you could really speak to currently. Or Eskil. But he's a little wary of you at the moment. (laughs) All right, so you go ahead and you bring Gilmore in? Okay. And it's easy enough to bring in. He's just waking up. (yawns) "So, what can I help you with?" He takes it, he sits down and places it on his lap, and tugs on his braided goatee. "This smells like shit." Smells-- different kind of shit, but shit nonetheless. He takes a look over it. "This has a very faint magical essence to it. Let me go ahead and--" He looks over it for a second, his eyes glow with that same arcane purplish energy that flares when he does the Identify spell. Looks over it. "This is an evil book. Reading this would be informative, but would certainly have a cost." Soul-money. Wouldn't recommend it, Grog. Well, if you ever feel like you want some light reading. Or find somebody who's foolish enough to read it. Or at least has the willpower to push through its dark enchantments. I have no idea. I don't want to look into it, I'll put it that way. But somebody with a strong enough mental aptitude to be able to not be corrupted by its dark magics. It's my recommendation at the very least. It locks itself in place and slowly rotates. The vision comes to you. It doesn't quite do that. I want that HD download, not the SD. So what's your wisdom modifier? Your wisdom saving throw. What'd you roll? You do. Plus your-- what's your wisdom saving throw bonus? Oh, minus two. Got you. And your spell DC is-- Okay, so. You get a brief view of what looks to be Scanlan, wearing his regular outfit and armor now. He walked out in a nightgown. Through this whole emotional circumstance, he was in a nightgown. But he is currently, he's walking through the Parchwood Forest that surrounds Whitestone. He is on the path south. Yeah. South of Whitestone. To his left is Kaylie, and they're both with their sacks over their shoulders, and they're just hiking through the forest. They're, at the moment, not talking, but they're both slightly smiling. Just kind of enjoying the journey, and the company. And you just watch them walk for a little bit through the thick tree canopy above, the well-worn path that heads south and out of the Parchwood. You never know. As you walk your way down to the center of Whitestone, to the Sun Tree-- I know. You recall that in the center of the city itself, Ank'harel, as it acts as one of the largest oases in the center of the central Marquet desert, there are a number of larger trees of various types, and there's one not too far from the Suncut Bazaar, that you recall. You make that your designated tree, and upon casting the spell, you watch the Sun Tree, tear open the doorway, and you step across-- You step through. Okay. You all emerge on the outskirts of the Suncut Bazaar. At this point in time, it would be the beginning of-- just past dusk. The sun has gone down in Ank'harel. But you can still see the oranges and reds and purples of the recent sunset in the distance. The city is bustling. Lanterns are alight all throughout. The bazaar itself and all the various multicolored towers and structures and buildings, the beautiful city just stretch up in all directions around you. You can see the bazaar itself is lively with carts that are open, shouting as various barkers are peddling their wares. It's a very upbeat atmosphere, and one that's a stark change to the Whitestone you just stepped away from. The sun has already gone down. Yes. Yeah. Other part of the world. (laughs) Tree lag. You guys begin making your way toward the Debt's Respite, which is the tavern that housed the Scarbearers. This is where Treev Bonebreaker was when you last discussed the return of Ripley's hand-- -- as the assassin that killed one of their own. And you're returning this hand to absolve yourselves of implication in this murder. Since you discovered the body. Okay. LAURA and Good point! Right, right, Cassandra is aware. All right. You guys walk through, you catch a few eyes as you are not just outsiders walking through Ank'harel, but you're all adorned in, you know, beautiful artifact armor-- Magical weapons-- God wear, essentially. And as you walk toward the Debt's Respite tavern, on the outside you can see, there's what looks to be an eight-and-a-half-foot tall, humanoid, golem-like metallic construct. It looks similar to a golem, but it's smaller. Like the iron golems you've fought before, but it's smaller in scale. Yeah, J'mon's, but much smaller. It's less bulky, and more just a functional, tall, metallic humanoid-type construct. Yeah. You see it's clutching-- A little more ramshackle in construct. It's clutching a leather tome in one hand that is open, and is holding what looks to be a quill in the other, and it's just standing there quietly. To the front of it you see, almost waiting outside the tavern in the process of thumbing through some satchels, you see a handsome human male. Late 30s or so, with shoulder length, feathered, dirty blond hair and blue-green eyes, a well groomed goatee adorning his dashing smirk as he turns and looks across you and very quickly the eyes very overtly take in and categorize your decor, your dress, your stature. And the smile grows even wider. His frame is svelte, he's adorned a set of polished, immaculate breastplate armor with numerous satchels all around him, and he carries a silver helmet under his arm that shines with many, many embedded gems diamonds, opals. Just an opulent-looking figure who's wearing what looks to be barely used, or at least very well-kept armor and jewelry and adornments. Immediately catches their attention. (stomping and creaking sounds) And you watch as the giant construct takes a few steps forward and begins writing into the book. It's pretty thick. Make a perception check. Okay. It's a pretty thick book, but it looks like Doty is maybe a third into it. A fourth. (creaks and squeaks) Yes, you may. Insight. So, bringing it back to current conversation at hand. Flames on the side of my face. Fire. Heaving breaths. Basically. You watch as the rod all of a sudden transforms into this sudden liquid, metal-like visage, and then solidifies into a longsword. It bursts into flames. (mechanical squeaks, pages turning, squeaks). Turns it around. Shows the page to you and you glance through it, and the actual construction of the item cost you upwards around 65 to 70,000 gold. It's a lot of money. I mean, I believe there is. Let me find the name of it real fast. As you guys decide against your better judgment to accept your companion for the time being-- -- you make your way into the Debt's Respite Tavern to meet with Treev Bonebreaker and deliver the right hand. No response. There's no response. He did. Okay. It would be easy to do with your Gloves of Missile Snaring. (tsoo!) You have no idea where it went, it arced way out of your line of sight. As you walk into the Debt's Respite Tavern, we're gonna end tonight's session there and pick this up next week. (all cheer, groan, yell) Oh, it's beautiful. Tary-ing this family apart, oh my god! (all laugh)