Welcome back to Critical Role this week, ladies and gentlemen, where a bunch of us awesome voice actors get together and play Dungeons and Dragons weekly. We have the return of some of our fantastic guests from last week, but we'll get to them in just a second. But first, let's go ahead and get you started with our fancy intro. [dramatic music] Excited for that prospect. It should be a lot of fun. So also want to thank you again, our invited guests returning for their second week. We have Felicia Day and Mary Elizabeth McGlynn. Thank you, guys. That's delightful. So welcome back. Well, cool. Before we get into it, a couple of quick announcements. One. For every 100 subs that we get during the show tonight, we'll be giving away our packages that include a picture of the Critical Role cast, signed, a Player's Handbook for Dungeons and Dragons, signed by the cast of Critical Role. We'll also be giving away a copy of Felicia's awesome new book that she's about to go on a book tour for. (cheering) Awesome, cool, well you guys get some copies of that coming through. We also have a bunch of other random goodies we'll be throwing in with these packages that include other awesome DND stuff and comics and it'll be a little surprise, so for every 100 subscribers, we'll be giving one of those packages away, so that'll be fun. Also wanted to do a quick announcement for one of our friends recently put up a project here. Marisha, if you want to do the intro. We're going to be lighting this tonight. Basement tavern refuse candle. That's a Critical Role exclusive. The Scanlan offshoot. Great. Thank you, Marisha. (cheering) You guys picked it. But yeah, so that's actually pretty cool. Hopefully there's not a flammable d20 in there somewhere. That would be problematic. Two weeks in a row. We already have a winner? PrimeJohn1 is our first winner! Congratulations, PrimeJohn1. Awesome, so let's go ahead and jump in here. Anyone else have any other announcements they want to say before we get into the game? Awesome, so in Vancouver? In Vancouver. There you go. Vancouver convention. Laura and Travis; it's going to be awesome. Also, me and Marisha are flying out early morning tomorrow to a convention called AkaiCon that's over in Tennessee, so we'll be there this weekend. So if any of you guys are over there on the eastern seaboard and that vicinity that want to come say hi and hang out with us for the weekend, we have a bunch of fun panels and stuff, so. AkaiCon. Come say hi. Homeopathic VapoRub, really. Oh, and I also wanted to give a big thanks out to Obsidian! They actually approved my use of the Pillars of Eternity soundtrack in our music for the show. So now I'll be able to use elements of their soundtrack for our game, so thank you guys. And I guess, let's get into this game. So. Where we left off. Our party of adventurers, Vox Machina, had broken a few rules in the city of Vasselheim and had actually infracted upon a contract for a guild of creature hunters known as the Slayer's Take. And this group essentially told Vox Machina that either they could go and be arrested for this and put on trial for breaking the law, or they could go and join the guild, as such could be included and written onto the contract and everything would be fine. So they decided to go that route. They inquired with the Huntmaster, and she basically told the party that they could join after they went through a trial where they had to complete a contract. However, she hand-chose and divided the party into two separate, smaller groups. The first group being the one that began playing with us last week, in which we had the illustrious Scanlan, Percy, Vex, and Grog paired up with two new adventurers, one of which was Zahra the tiefling warlock, who also is a prospective interested person to join the guild, the Slayer's Take, and Felicia's character, Lyra, the human wizard, who somehow became a member of the guild and is assigned on her first-ever excursion to lead this group towards the end of their contract. Now, you the audience chose the creature which they were going to hunt, and you voted on an adult white dragon. So they've been hunting that. So after stalking your way up the Glasswalk Road to the north of the city of Vasselheim, through the Vesper Timberlands, through the cold weather as you continue to travel northward on the word of a crazed gentleman in a tavern somewhere who supposedly saw a dragon, you managed to knock over your flask. You managed to see such a dragon skulking through the skies and actually attacking near where you were staying. While you were sleeping, a group of orcs and some ogrish creature and a dire wolf, attacked your group, you managed to slaughter the encroaching evils, rather rapidly in a daring display of butt-flap long-john Percy. (laughter) 30 points physical damage to the ranger, at which point two frost giants seemed to, one coming out of that cavern, another seemed to be stalking through the woods, approached the party and that is where we left off. So to begin this, I would like everyone to roll initiative. All right, so. Roll for Grog. Roll for Grog's initiative. All right, so we have 25 to 20, anyone? So Percy's up first. Anybody else above 20? Okay. 19 or 18? And also for Lyra. (chuckling) That's sweet. So 15 to ten? All right, that'll do. So at the top of the round as one giant has pulled itself out of the cavern and begins shouting over in Giant about the intruders. The secondary one that comes stalking out of the forest, both of them with these giant axes that are currently held on the side of leather belts (roars) give a bellowing scream and go charging into the fray. At the top of the round, though, Percy is ready. What have you got? This is actually a tree. Yeah. This rock and these boulders here have some cover, but from a giant who has a very large perspective maybe not as much as you'd think. You could move over this way, yes. Correct. All right, so. Rip out Bad News, uses one of your attacks, second attack prepares it. You're ready to fire, go ahead and shoot. 21 will hit. 33 points of damage? Nice. So you hear this loud, ringing explosion that echoes through this small valley at the base of the mountain, and from out the corner of your eye, it's the first time you've seen this weapon do its wonders. You see a flash of light, a plume of smoke goes up and you see this impossibly fast blast of some projectile go slamming into the shoulder of the giant over here that's currently reaching for a rock. It pushes him back against the wall, which prevents him from falling over and he catches himself. Looks back, and you can see there's a small crater in the armor where a little bit of blood begins to pour out, and a little bit of smoke seems to be pouring out of the impact. (snarls and yells) Gives out a really angry yell. You can see like spittle that begins to shake loose and spray from his mouth out of frustration. That the end of your turn? All right, Grog's up first. Okay. So as Grog stands there, shouting this out to both sides to the two giants, I want to have Grog go ahead and roll a persuasion check. Yes. Let's do this proper. This is customary. He is not putting up any aggressive action. No. (laughter) Yeah, would you like Grog to move? It would be easier. He is right here. He is hard to miss. Where would you like Grog to move? There is a giant rock there. Okay. Grog is going to stay up against the rock. His axe across the front. Right, that ends Grog's turn. Vex, you're up. (laughter) You are over here. You just got up off the ground after being slammed with a boulder, and you have Trinket there. In the process you've gotten to your feet as they lurched forward and began shouting at each other about the intruders. So you are on your feet. Hunter's Mark. On? You have two attacks. So as you get to your feet, you look over your shoulder, you point your finger out and as you squint down, you use your ranger focus to make sure this guy is your quarry, and you take a quick scope of his body parts. You're like, those are the areas that will make him weakest. As you go to pull your arrow, you can feel a kink in your shoulder. The impact of the rock seems to have affected you. You release the first arrow and it's just slightly off mark. The second one you pull back and as you release it, it actually splinters off his shield as he knocks it out of the air. That is one of the mountain outcroppings. Okay, Trinket moves up. (bear moan) All right, and that's your turn. (laughs) All right, Lyra, you're up. Go for it. So which one, this one or this one? What's the distance on it? At your spell sheet. 60 feet? Yeah, they're both within range. So for that one, do you have to make an actual spell attack roll? That's right. You just point at it and he has to roll a saving throw. All this time trying to fight the stigma of DND, and there we go. That's a total of 40? Plus 40? Yeah, Disintegrate. And he failed his saving throw. So as she shouts, she points her finger out, there's a little poof of arcane energy on her finger, and a tiny, sickly green ray of energy just streaks forth from her finger. The giant looks at it awkwardly, and in the split second it hits him in the front of his chest and suddenly the armor in front of him turns to dust and you can see his flesh beginning to just disappear in front of him (gasps) and suddenly tries to gasp for air, as you see part of its jaw beginning to just turn to sand, and it's actually struggling in a series of pain, and it's still standing, but you can see a large part of its body now is just missing. It looks like it got-- it's almost like a portion of it rotted right before you, but there's no actual necrosis. It's just gone. Flesh is missing from a large part of its body. It looks like it's doing really poorly. It lurches forward, and one of its arms is not working as well and it looks at you with a look of confusion, frustration and "how could you?." It's incredulous in its torturous pain. Its head turns even further to the side as the tongue lolls out of where the cheek once was. (chuckles) Its angry white eyes glaring aggressively at you. Do you wish to move, or would you like to stay where you are? Over here? All right. Well, (chuckles) this very unhappy giant is going to reach over with his one good arm, the other one's clutching the axe, it reaches over and grabs another rock off the ground that it can find nearby and (whoosh) flings it at you. That is a 16. What's your armor class? Yeah. You, unable to really move out of the way, you look over and just watch it come toward you as it slowly spins in the air. Time seems to slow as you make no intent to shift out of the way. (whack) It slams into you, physical pain not hitting in as the immediate look of-- the sight of white, your vision is knocked to nothingness briefly. You end up taking-- Okay, you take 32 points of bludgeoning damage. And as soon as you recover from it, your vision clarifies and you're able to see everything before you, and you see that same giant is stalking up, right into your face, with its axe in its bad hand. It switches it into its good hand and rears it up preparing itself for another round. That ends that giant's turn. It's going to go five, six and move in between the two of you. You guys, Zahra and Scanlan, as you see this happening you hear the (heavy steps) heavy footfalls behind you, and you look over your shoulder as the second giant comes up with the shield in one arm. Axe is going to go ahead and giant swing towards the two of you. That is going to be a 19 to hit on you, Scanlan. And Zahra, that is going to be a-- that's a 25. All right. (laughter) You got to take all your turn at once. You can hold your initiative. Meaning you can wait to activate your turn later in the tier, but you can't piecemeal your actions. I will say, Dominate Person is effective against humanoids. Dominate Monster would be-- They are not. They are considered giants. They are a different species. You would know that. You turn, and your instinct is there, and you're like, these are a little out of your reach as far as that spell is concerned. You've got options! So as you fumble with the idea of what spell would work, you release a bolt of lightning up towards it. It streaks into the front of its chest and shoulder area. You can see its muscles tense and shake from the sheer amount of electricity that courses into it. It does not make that saving throw, not with a five. So go ahead and roll your damage. It's 8d6. 32 points of damage. Nice! So as you release the torrent of electrical energy, it courses through the body and ends up streaking off into the snowy, blizzardy sky behind the giant from the upward angle. It (grunts) shakes from the impact, and then rights itself and looks down at you with a really angry face. You can see as it opens its mouth, this light blue and dark teeth on the bottom of its beard-covered jaw. Mist and steam tend to pour out of its mouth. But not like heated steam, this is like a cold air itself that it seems to emanate from it. Its pale whitish-blue hair, slightly framing its form. Up close, at its sheer size, this is a very intimidating creature, as it just stares down looming over you, now with smoke pouring off its shoulder where you impacted it with the Lightning Bolt. Do you want to do any-- All right. So you go ahead and take a d10 inspiration dice. Which means, whenever you have to roll an attack roll or saving throw, you can add a d10 to the result you get if you don't think it's going to make it. You don't roll it now, but you just have it on reserve whenever you want to use it. He'll get an attack of opportunity, yes. Do you want to try and do that? All right. Zahra, you're up. You are not aware, actually. You heard him say it in Giant. It was understood by Grog that it was intruder. Yes. They're both within 30 feet of you All right. As you're looking out at the two of them, you release this energy, speaking through your mind, reaching out to theirs. What is the DC of your spell? It should be at the top of your spell list, the difficulty class. 17, all right. So both of them seem to-- Inspiration has to be added to a roll. Well, that's included with the DC there. So both of them reach up and grab their faces, one with its messed up, partially disintegrated hand and falls back on its back foot and both of them look at the group in confusion. There definitely seems to be some sort of interference with their current actions based on this spell; there is a conflict within them. That's as much as I can tell you right now at the moment. That's your action. Do you want to do anything else? You can still move. You still have a bonus action, if you want Your Hex is a bonus action, but that is a spell, as well. So you move in to help defend Scanlan. All right, so both of them seem to be looking around themselves, slightly confused and taking in some sort of strange circumstance. Percy, you're up. Okay, Percy's holding initiative. Grog. All right, they look at Grog, confused. Look at each other again. That's Grog's turn, Vex? All right. Go ahead and take one of those Superior? Superior is 8d4 plus eight. It's quite a bit. A regular is 2d4 plus two. Lyra. Go ahead and make a constitution saving throw. You covertly do your best to not reveal to the entire group that you make a little greenish-brown snow. (laughter) Grog translates. Essentially, they say, "We will take you but it is at your own folly." They both chuckle to themselves, and they start walking in towards the cavern. That's up to you guys. It lasts for 24 hours. How does it go, again? Right. One of them looks over the shoulder as it's walking into the cavern and puts its hand on the top and leans over and its voice, and I will say from this point forth it is translated to make it easier. Yeah basically. "We take you but that is as much as you get. The rest is your own choice. "Perhaps the dragon will eat you. That'll keep it satiated for a while." It steps inside the cavern. (laughs) As you say that, one walks inside. The one that you partially disintegrated earlier steps out and goes, (spitting noise) and spits a-- what in midair looks like liquid and then (shattering) shatters into almost like crystalline ice as it hits the ground on a rock. So as you guys step inside the cavern. You guys are taking a short rest, currently? All right, so the giants are just sitting there waiting, arms crossed against the wall, talking quietly to each other as the rest of you sit down and bandage your wounds. You tend to your adrenaline as it slowly wears off and suddenly the pain starts to set in from some of the wounds you've taken. So you guys can use as many hit dice as you want to heal yourselves. Yes? You haven't taken damage at this point. That is true. You leveled up after the last one. So with this short rest I will say go ahead and roll an additional-- for a bard I think it is a d8, correct? What's your hit dice number? And what's your constitution? All right, so go ahead and roll a d8 plus two to it All right, so you add four hit points to your total hit point maximum. Welcome to level 11, Scanlan. (cheering and singing Super Mario victory ditty) Good. Good choice. You take the next half an hour or so to rest up. You still used your Disintegrate. You need to do a whole night's rest to get that back. It is six spell levels you can get back on a short rest? (singing) Wizards are awesome! All righty, I like it. Off of, that was King Murghol, I think, wasn't it? The duergar king you fought in the Underdark. You can't go more than your maximum. You're at full hit points now. I want you to go ahead, and I will say through Grog-- this is going to be interesting. Since Grog is translating, I'm going to go ahead and have you roll a persuasion check. Ten. And I want you to roll a persuasion check for Grog with disadvantage. All the crits were last week. I know. Great, awesome. As Grog finishes translating (gibberish) to the giants, the giants chuckle to themselves and the other one says down to him, what he translates for you, the equivalent of, "There's no help here. They killed our people, but we're alive because we serve it. We'll bring you, "like we promised, like we brought all the others." You took a rest inside the cavern as you just entered the mountain and at this point as you guys step up the giants are leading you further into the cavern. You know Giant? Well, telekinesis and telepathy are different things. Oh right. So you can speak directly to their minds "We want to live." "To not live at all?" (grunts) They keep walking We'll see how this plays out. This is a process here. You guys heavily failed some early persuasion rolls here, they're in a very negative position with you right now. So about 200 feet further into this cavern, the tunnel opens up into a gargantuan natural rock chamber, coated in ice crystals across the entirety of the rounded crag in the ceiling. You can see now as the light you're bringing into-- by the way, is anyone bringing a source of light other than the torchlight? All right, so between the (whoosh) now the fire that is now burning off of the warhammer and your Light spell, you can see as you enter following these giants, there are definitely the remnants of a village here, a village that was designed on the scale of these giants and while many of these structures still stand, it is eerily quiet as you step inside. As you begin to step further into the center of this cavern, you see many of these structures have been smashed and destroyed and there is a layer of ice and snow that has been carried in from various blizzard winds or just the internal temperature in this room. And the room is extremely cold. With the little bit of light you have, everyone's breath is very clearly visible with each puff into the air around, and you swear that in a few pockets here it is so cold that you can hear the moisture from your breath coalesce and then shatter on the ground. You all bundle up even tighter with your various furs. Trinket snuggles very close to you because Trinket, while made for this type of temperature, is still uncomfortably cold, even at this point. There is no character class more dangerous in DND than mother. (laughter) As they begin walking through and looking about, one of them starts giving you these images, and it's less of a language and it's more of a series of memories. And you see visions of a time not long ago. Months, even years. This relatively thriving village of frost giants that had essentially claimed this mountain as their own for generations. Hunting in the nearby Vesper Timberland, occasionally harrowing the traveling merchant band heading up the Glasswalk Path or various other entities that live in this forest. They're not by any means a good people. They exist and they take what they want, but it appears that not long ago this dragon decided that it wanted to live here instead. And you see visions of it stalking through the tunnels, carving its way through the ice and ambushing this frost giant village. You see visions of it tearing into families of them and freezing them on the spot, which is interesting because you see, these giants seem pretty well-adapted to ice and cold weather. It seems it is less of a freezing them physically and more of locking them into place. And as you see these visions, you begin to step further into this village and you can see there are spires, large spires of crystallized ice, and loosely within the shadows of the ice you can see what looks like the suffocated forms of frost giants that are locked in that position under many feet of ice. You see most of this village brought to its knees and destroyed, murdered, eaten, or imprisoned and these two, essentially chosen to survive and given the order to bring what this creature wants. You get this sense of sadness and fear, but also a sense of a lack of any other option. There is a moment where it seems almost like it's going to answer, and then the mind closes off suddenly. There is a defensiveness and these entities, you get the sense that even this tenuous relationship you have built with them is based purely on arcane persuasion, and the more you pry, the more you begin to test the boundaries of what you have done. Pick and choose your words very carefully. As you continue to walk, you can see the center of this village is completely in tatters. A lot of the wood and the dried brush and the furs and thick leathers that these giants had gathered and constructed their civilization out of is all just shattered and rended to the floor and then frozen over, left in this weird picturesque, almost a tapestry. A frozen moment in time of utter desolation. Actually, I want you to all to roll a perception check, if you could. Wow, getting the ones out. So as you guys are walking forward, Scanlan, you notice that there is, just outside the light perception stepping forward, a lot of the rubble has been pushed and coalesced into a central monolith. Almost like a 25, 30 foot sculpture of chaos. All of these things have been matted together with what looks like mud and refuse, and as you guys begin to notice this, too, you catch the framing of the light on it and it seems to be built into almost an altar or a large sculpture of worship of a winged dragon creature that is currently in the process of swooping down. You get the sensation that this was built as, essentially, a place of offering to this white dragon, and hopefully a symbol to keep themselves alive and to prove their fealty to this entity. Let's see what Legend Lore does. Okay. As you take a moment and everyone stops to look around, you notice that Lyra is sitting there currently muttering to herself and putting her fingers through the air, and you can see these small arcane sigils begin to flash in the air where she places her hands, at which point her eyes glaze over with this shimmering gold energy and she seems to go into a trance. Now, what you first are hit with is the image of darkness, black and struggle, a struggle to push, a struggle to exist, a struggle to survive, and then suddenly light. You see the cracking of something releasing, and from there pulling forth from this singular egg, the only one left of its clutch, a white dragon wyrmling pulling itself out of the egg. This, you immediately sense, is the dragon that now resides within this mountain. You begin to see flashes in time of it struggling to survive in the frozen tundra to the north, desperately trying to escape poachers and individuals trying to hunt it, whether to protect their own villages or to use its physical body parts in some sort of sale. You get the sense that at one point it was already the target of some contract that failed. For a brief second, you see a flash of a frozen cavern recently, and a few individuals locked in an icy prison bitten down on and shattered before it cuts to black again. You begin to see moments of this dragon growing, and with each stage in its physical transformation towards becoming a full-fledged adult dragon there is just spite, there is anger, there is ego, there is a severe sense of self-importance, a lust for others to bow before, serve, or feed it. And you have heard and you have read many things about dragons and you have heard things of great intelligence and articulate entities that even, good or evil themselves, have this extremely intelligent presence. This dragon is far more feral and bestial than anything you've read about. It has an intelligence, but it seems to not be concerned with the intricacies of conversation as much as it is to bend everything to its will and to give (voices deepens) to me. (normally) And the one thing that catches your mind before the spell ends is the name that it finally came upon itself, the name that it heard whispered as one of its would-be hunters was suddenly-- Jeff the dragon. The name Rimefang rings through your mind. The two frost giants stop their walking and turn. "Rimefang." They nod and look up to the giant structure they constructed. Make a history check on this. Okay, Rimefang, you gather, is the name of the dragon proper. And there's another drink for you guys out there. They made fun of me for using the word proper. This dragon took the name Rimefang. Because in a lot of dragons as they evolve and begin to really create a lair, they really make themselves known publicly and really draw the fear out once they feel they're in a comfortable position. You feel this dragon is just starting to get to that point where it's eager to drive fear into the local populace. From your history check, you do know that there is, somewhere in the books you've gone through, a similar contract, nothing Rimefang related, but there was a white dragon that was supposedly hunted about eight, nine months back, and the team never returned. And you begin to think, "Wait, so if a team of really practiced "people never returned from this contract, and we were sent on this as an entry level..." There you go. In Memento fashion, all these things flash through. If a contract is broken, one if you're a member of the guild, you're kicked out of the guild. Two you guys are on this essentially as a trial basis to prevent being arrested and put on trial for breaking the laws of the city of Vasselheim and essentially hunting creatures that aren't sanctified. Or you yourself have not been sanctified to kill, which goes against guild rules and the city itself. Which means if you were to not succeed at the contract, you would probably be put on trial at the seat of judgment. As Grog mentions this, you guys have moved past most of the village, and you've gone towards the back of this large chamber, and you do see what appears to be a tunnel that ascends upwards, deeper into the mountain proper. See, did it again. It's made me all self-conscious. But the entrance is entirely frozen. There is a wall of solid ice between yourselves and the continuation of this tunnel. It's hard to see how thick it is from this side. So as you guys step up, Grog runs ahead of the rest of the giants and goes as hard as he can towards this. (laughs) So swinging with the axe towards the ice. Go ahead and make an attack roll. This giant flaming warhammer from King Murghol. No, turn it around. Shake the Wil Wheaton curse. Plus nine. That'll definitely hit. Go ahead and roll damage for that. Ten damage? Including the fire damage? 13 damage. (whack) The warhammer streaks through, the light causing this interesting shifting of the radius around it. As it smacks into the ice with this resounding (thwack) sound, the ice shakes and shimmers. A giant crack forms up the front of it, and you can see as he (grunts) pulls it out, the wall itself seems to have largely crumbled in the small space there and looks very fragile. But it's definitely left an impact on the wall. Okay. Go ahead and make an investigation check. The ice wall itself is not a specific architectural structure. It is made of some sort of blasting of ice that froze the air in that way, so it doesn't have any real geometric positioning, but the ice structure itself, you're unable to make out what would be a weak point or not, other than the place of impact where Grog placed the hammer. All right. Go ahead and roll to see if you hit with it. So roll and add your spell attack modifier. All right, that definitely hits. How much damage? That was seven fire damage, you said? Clutching your staff at one side, the book's under your shoulder, you bring your hand out and withdraw your hand with the force of the blast of the Fire Bolt going forward. As it smacks into the section where Grog had slammed the hammer, (boof) it bursts as a flash of arcane reddish fiery energy, and the wall itself shatters inward and starts falling and crumbling nearby. Now, this tall wall, which was about 25 feet tall, begins to fall in giant chunks. I'm going to go ahead and have Lyra and Percy and Grog all make dexterity saving throws. No, not for this. Percy? All right, so. As the whole wall just (shattering noise) breaking and falling down around you, you all go rushing backward. Grog, strangely and unexpectedly, shoulder-rolls out of the way, epic Geordi La Forge style. Escapes the crumbling wall. Unfortunately, though, Lyra and Percy stumble backward, slipping on the ice that's actually coated the floor of this cavern, and get impacted with part of the fall. It's not too bad, but both of you suffer 14 points of cold damage and bludgeoning. Cold and bludgeoning, as the wall comes tumbling down on you. However, the rest of the cavern now lies open with pieces of jagged ice almost like a broken glass window itself framing the exterior of this tunnel. Take another short rest? You get an image of a slowly ascending and spiraling tunnel that ascends towards an upper cavern at the top of the mountain. The upper cavern you only get a few glimpses of as they themselves have only had a few glimpses of it, but it appears this is not the only obstacle in the way. From the best vantage point you could see, it was a chamber about, I'd say 80 to 85 feet to the ceiling, lined with jagged ice crystals that are coalesced in a temperature so cold that it's almost like the inside of a geode, but it's all made of ice. But you see multiple platforms that are risen in the walls of this, and in the center, there is a singular platform, and there sitting on the top of it is apparently the dragon quarry you seek. And then the image shuts itself out, as one of them glances over the shoulder. It's growing uncomfortable with sharing information. All right. Pressing forward, you can see one giant still dragging itself forward with a portion of its physical body essentially gutted. So are you guys taking a short rest to heal up? Okay. If you haven't already rolled your dice-- You healed up now? Perfect. All right, so as you guys continue to trudge up this extremely cold-- let me see. I think it'll be a fun one to-- There we go. You guys continue to ascend up this pitch-black cavern here. It appears that both the giants and the dragon do not need light to make their way through this cavern structure. So you are the small beads of visual lightness in the entire structure. The floor itself is slick, and there are bits of rough rock that you can find foot purchase but there are a few moments where some of you slip and you lose about ten feet and then catch yourself and have to move upward with this slight 35-degree incline, slowly spiraling upward. You push forward for about 30 minutes or so in this long, seemingly-- for lack of a better term, there isn't a lot of changed variation to it; it's just a gradual spiral in itself. Go ahead and roll a perception check. All right. So you're perceiving anything dragon-related and things that would be a forewarning of a dragon, okay. Okay. Go ahead and roll again. You have an advantage. Okay. Glancing about, you do see there are claw marks along the walls, you can see where portions of this cavern were carved out by the claws of Rimefang. You can see that occasionally there are pieces of frozen rock that are solid ice, some that appear to be an unthawed chunk of flesh of some kind. As you push further up this cavern, you spot what looks like the lower half of a statue. This appears to be a frost giant that met its end. The actual lower half of the torso itself is giving off a stench of slowly rotting flesh. There is ice encasing the lower half of it. It's interesting because the physical form of the frost giants resist cold naturally, and this temperature would normally freeze any other flesh completely solid. Here, it naturally decays. But there is a distinct place where the torso was removed forcibly by what looks like a series of daggers and/or dragon's teeth. About ten more minutes of walking, you come upon another frozen wall barrier. Go ahead and roll perception. As far as you can tell, it is a frost/snow-covered ground with walls and a ceiling. 28. Go ahead and roll damage. 24. So as you focus, close one eye, and aim, you release a secondary Fire Bolt. (boosh) It slams into the front of the wall of ice, which immediately bursts inside. Shattered shards of glass-like ice go flying further up the cavern. The rest of it falls and collapses at a distance, (crashing) around you. Thankfully, you're all far enough away where there isn't an issue, and the wall seems to have shattered. Go ahead and make an intelligence check. That's just adding your intelligence modifier. 22. Okay. A few things you do know about dragons, specifically a white dragon, from your studying. You lost someone very important to you, supposedly to a dragon, and so you've spent a lot of your life focused on their techniques, their abilities, how they work. White dragons, you know, have complete immunity to cold. Cold damage of all sorts has no effect on them whatsoever. You know that they have capability of flight. They surround themselves with ice but are not hindered by it whatsoever. You do know that their claws and teeth are extremely dangerous. They themselves also, using their wings and tail, become a fierce entity from all sides. Its cold breath is extremely dangerous. It can affect a large area, and even its presence is frightful enough to where some of the most seasoned adventurers go running, fleeing, or cowering in a corner. Let alone encountering one in its lair, itself, it already has an advantage, as it sets an environment to put it at its advantage. So anything and everything you can do to prepare and be ready for such an encounter would be highly recommended. You do get the sensation that even though they are cold-based, fire doesn't necessarily do any additional damage, but it is not reduced or able to resist it. Best that you know, most magics and other types of damage other than cold have an effect on it, though it does have unnatural resilience to spells and things for a large part of the combat. But it's a concentration spell, so you can only have it up on one person. As Grog says, "That's all right. If I'm raging, I already have the ability to resist." As you look over. (sad bear moan) As you're saying this, Trinket senses the conversation and plants both feet in the ground (growls). He seems to be showing off. And for a moment, even though it's a conversation, that's a dangerous-looking bear. Okay, you notice Zahra leans forward and starts giving this series of low, guttural sounds. It's weird. There's this weird arcane interference and this strange, almost like the sound itself is being muffled and stretched. And Trinket turns to her and starts giving the same noises back. Trinket says to you, essentially, "I'll do whatever it takes to protect my Vex. If this "creature tries anything, I will tear its throat from its head." He leans back in a sitting bear position. As this guttural conversation comes forth, Trinket comes up to you and nuzzles his nose up against your side. As Lyra's in this memory trance, finishes casting Stoneskin and reaches out and touches Trinket. You can see Trinket's physical form, all the fur seems to coalesce into a thick rock-type exterior shell of magical protection. Armor class doesn't change, but all damage that Trinket takes from bludgeoning, piercing, or slashing is reduced by half. The giants begin to move forward into the cavern. All right. Scanlan, I want you to go ahead and roll a dexterity saving throw. 21. As you begin stepping forward up the cavern where the wall itself has collapsed, you step forward onto a part of the ice that is far more brittle than you expected, and suddenly it (cracks) breaks beneath your foot. You push off and fall onto your back, and as you guys look over, you hear the cracking and the falling of some sort of stone or ice-like structure. You see where Scanlan was stepping a ten-foot-diameter pit crumbles and falls beneath. And peering over the inside and using your light, you can see there appears to be an arrangement of razor-sharp ice spikes gathered at the bottom of a 15-foot pit. The tunnel itself is about 20 feet wide at this point, so you guys can move around it. The giants were ahead of you at this point. One of them shakes his head and the other one just keeps walking. All right. You go ahead and make a perception check as you move forward. 15, okay. You guys continue to push upwards this long spiraling corridor. You reach another ice wall that has already been partially broken from some sort of encounter long ago. You immediately see that the part of the wall that is broken. There's about a ten-foot-wide blocked passage, the entirety of that walkway appears to be another trap, and the giants are waiting back. 30. Go ahead and roll some damage. 27. This bolt arcs around from the side. You hit it right at the point where half of the wall had collapsed, causing the other half of the wall to immediately shatter and collapse inward, spraying bits of ice and rock against the wall on that side. The ground becomes rough terrain in that general vicinity, but it's easy enough to traverse over without any serious issue. As you guys step over, and the giants make their way across, stepping over it entirely with their long gait. You move carefully over the shattered wall bits, but the ground itself seems solid. You get past without issue. This would be an intelligence check. Okay, so what you've read of dragons, their ability to sense their surroundings is adapted to all environments, whether they can see or not. They actually have the ability to see with no sight necessary to a certain extent, so invisibility would help at a distance, quite a bit of distance, but within a certain point it is able to sense your presence whether or not it can see you. Also note, if you cast Invisibility you lose your concentration spell on Trinket. Yeah, as a dragon has some decent reach with some of its attacks. Its bite, and its length of neck and ability to bite actually has quite a bit of reach. Also, its tail has quite some reach, as well. It can cover some decent ground just with its physical form. As you guys are stepping forward up the pathway, you turn a corner and you can see the giants have stopped, and they have a physical trepidation to the way that they're leaning backward in their stance. As you turn the corner, the little bit of light that reaches out, you can see there appears to be one final ice wall that has a ten-foot opening where it's left as a pathway, and it opens into a darkened chamber. Okay, so you walk up past the giants to this entrance? All right. As you walk forward, you see your vision spill out in the darkness, with a little bit of dim light and the darkness before you reveals itself. You can see a smattering of broken bits along the ground, looks like rocks and ice, a frozen leg of some humanoid, an arm, some scattered, broken armor and weapons. There are pieces of what appears to be a frozen-over graveyard of previous attempts towards inhabiting this room. And as you continue to push forward towards the edge, just towards the perimeter as far as your vision can see at this doorway, you see a central platform in the middle of this giant chamber that rises up about 15 feet. Ten, 15 feet, and just cresting over the top of this platform is the edge of an alabaster snout, with teeth overlapping. You hear this (snarls) growling snarl. And this little voice spills out from underneath and says, "Why don't you enter? If "you're going to arrive and present yourselves, do not cower yet." And with that, we're going to go ahead and take a break. (shouting) Somewhere, someone's holding their manuscript entitled Day Dreaming and going (fake crying). (laughter) Welcome back from the break! Our fantastic Travis finally made it. (cheering) Yeah, it went wonderfully. There you go. So as it ends up, we have a new winner. KadenPhilly is the winner, congratulations, of our next giveaway. So we'll be giving away the player's handbook, the signed photo, a copy of Felicia's book-- yay!-- and a bunch of other goodies coming your way soon, so make sure you get your information to the Overlord. We'll have another giveaway at 5,800, if we can get to there by the end of the show tonight, so let's see if we can hit that. In the meantime, guys-- You guys have all been making your way through the cavern back here. Zahra has stepped forward and in the darkness, you can see right here at the edge a form. Yep. About ten, 15 feet up on this platform, leaning over the edge is Rimefang, staring at you through the darkness. A claw comes forward and beckons. You can't see him right now. Zahra can. Speaking Common. As far as you know, dragon's pretty much a monster. All right, so you guys all walk in? Zahra, are you staying ahead with Scanlan? As a note, as you guys are walking through and the light hits the walls, you begin to see the ice itself, which you've become accustomed to, is now being broken up into what looks like little glittering stars. It's almost like you're walking through a frozen area of the night sky. You realize that there are gold pieces frozen in sporadically all throughout the wall, the floor, the ceiling here. The actual, whatever wealth this dragon has acquired is in some way shape or form embedded in its own lair. Anyway. So we have the three of you up front. Who's up next? I imagine we've got Trinket. All right, so you guys all continue to move forward? There? Where do you want to stop? You guys have laser pointers to use, by the way, if you want to point out wherever you want to be. No, that was you, sorry. So Percy goes here. So as you guys enter the chamber, the actual air here is more still and cold than at any point of the interior of the cavern has been. Even breathing inward hurts in itself as the freezing air hits your lungs. Rimefang sits there, perched on top of this central platform, grinning down towards the rest of the group. You, who have shouted this out, Lyra, about having an offering. Rimefang immediately leans forward. "An offering, you say?" Make a stealth check. All right, so. You, somehow, manage to dart out of the visual reference of a very focused adult white dragon. Rimefang does not seem to gather any movement, and you vanish into the side. Where do you want to go? Okay. Percy, as you're stepping over you realize you're stepping onto what looks like the broken lower half of another giant that has fallen over, a booted leg and part of an eaten armored torso to your back. As you begin to look through, you also see there currently frozen in place three other individuals that are in mid-battle and are frozen solid. There's this low, guttural snarl (snarls). It leans forward, sneaking down off the perch a little bit. Its head moves forward and stretches outward, no more than maybe ten feet from your face. You can see it inspecting the diamond as you're holding it by the Mage Hand, floating above the rest of the bag. Chuckles to itself. (chuckles) "This is your measly offering?" Persuasion check. Do we know at what point it started buffering? Rimefang's head withdraws back and its claws pull back on top of the platform. It lifts its head up, looking down at you with this very disinterested, snooty look (huffs). As it snorts out of its nose, this puff of frost shoots out and crystals of ice fall and clatter to the ground around it. "You. You trespass into my domain, your voices bickering and bouncing off the walls, "annoying me, waking me from my slumber. My freshly eaten slumber. I am curious, before you so walk "into my dinner table, why you seem to have gotten past my guardians?" At which point the two giants who are standing behind you look over at each other nervously. "Are you to tell me I spared your insignificant lives so you could let this "insulting, insufferable insect into the heart of my domain?" The dragon's head turns to the side for a moment as a glance of confusion and almost amusement that you speak up to it with such a disrespectful manner. (evil laughter) (heavy impacts) Its claws dig in and tighten on the edges of this platform. You can see the stonework and the ice crack and shatter under its grip as pieces of stone tumble down the edges of the platform, scattering across the ground with a slight clattering. The wings (whoosh) unfurl outward. Its head looks down upon you directly. "Burt." (laughter) Make a persuasion check versus the dragon's intimidation check. Persuasion. The giants look at each other, and they look down at the rest of you. They pull their axes out, shields at the ready, and look back up at Rimefang, and in Giant you hear, muttered under their breath, "It's now or never." (cheering) Okay, all right. 25 to 20, anyone? All right. We have Percy, we have Vex, leaving that up there. All right, we have 20 to 15? 19, nice. 15 to ten? 12. Zahra, 12. Ten to five? Seven for Scanlan. (laughing) what did you roll? Did you roll a natural one? All right, so as the wings unfurl on top of this platform, the combat round begins with Percy. No, you'd have to hold your initiative, or you do all your actions in one round, unfortunately. Okay, the frozen warrior is in front of you. Okay, so you're behind the creature. Are you just putting it on it to aim? 15 unfortunately does not hit. As you shoot, (gunshot), it actually hits the body but the hardness of the dragon's scales ricochets the shot off, (ricochet sound), you see it impact on some part of the far side of the cavern. So you're doing your action surge? Okay, so you use your action surge, and that's it for this round. You use your first round to reload Bad News and place it back up on top. Another head shot, you said? Okay, good to know. So I'm going to go ahead and roll. All right, so. (gunshot) From the impact of the blast, you see the shot ricochet off of Rimefang's face. The impact sends a couple pieces of white dragon scale shooting off into the darkness, and the head (grunts) rears from the impact, shakes, seemingly loosely shaken by the impact of the blast. The blowback from the gun actually sends a large crack through the physical body of the ice warrior ahead of you, and it collapses into a pile of ice on the ground in front of you. You get the feeling that whatever was there probably has not been alive for quite a while. Frozen solid. It breaks like the T-1000. That ends Percy's turn. We're up at Vex. All righty. 25? 25 does hit, yes. All right. Saving throw for half? Or just take it? That's a natural 20 on its saving throw, so it takes half damage. Hey, better on a saving throw than on an attack. So as you pull back your arrow, the actual shaft begins to spark with bluish energy as you release it. The arrow transforms (energy noises) into an arcing bolt of electrical energy. It impacts and courses through the upper torso of the dragon, as it's (grunts) still trying to shake off the damage it took from Percy's attack. It manages to push off most of the impact, but still takes damage from it. There's also a burst of fire from the impact, as well, you can see a bit of flame trickle up the side of his body and it eventually goes out from the cold in the air. Yes. But was the spell an action? Oh, okay. So it makes your next attack do that. Right. Gotcha. So you have one more attack. Trinket's over here with the giants guarding him. It's actually up on top of a 15-foot platform. Not right now, but Trinket can move if you like. Yeah, you can do that. That's as far as Trinket get can get, there. You can, yeah. Yep. This is your second use of it, though; you're done with it. 17. As you fire the arrow, it takes its wing and (whoosh) batters it out of the way, and the arrow shatters in mid air. You see a burst of fire as it does nothing. So that ends your turn, Vex. Do you want to move, or do you want to stay right there? (laughs) No, that's a hide action, I think. That ends your turn. Rimefang, now, shaking off the frustration, looks around the room, lifts up on its back hind legs, spreads its wings, and just gives this large roar. (roars) The entire room shakes, and you see pieces of ice and rock begin to start falling from the ceiling. Everybody, go ahead and make a wisdom saving throw. Everybody. One giant is fine. All right, starting with Percy. 12. Okay. All right. Grog? That's rough. All right, so. The sheer amount of presence that this dragon permeates sends a shiver of fear down your spine. Vex, Percy, Grog, and one of the giants are currently frightened of the dragon. While you are frightened, you have disadvantage on ability checks and attack rolls, and you cannot willingly move closer to the dragon. Roll for Trinket. No, it's a wisdom saving throw. So it's whatever his wisdom bonus is. Probably scared. Trinket, all of a sudden also (scared bear noises) backs up a little bit and is looking equally frightened, especially seeing you scared. Trinket feels a moment of fear there. Rimefang then (whoosh) flies up into the air for a minute. And then swoops over and lands over on this side, and that's going to end its turn. That brings us to Grog. Yeah, you're scared. You reach into your inner self, and suddenly you realize this is it. You know dragons, you've fought dragons in the past, you've killed dragons in the past, and you know dragons have been responsible for hurting some of your friends and their families, and through that, that anger just billows up from inside, and that fear shakes from your body. You're now in a rage. You shake the fear effect, and you can take the rest of your turn as you see fit. You rage-ran. You're currently hiding behind a 15-foot platform. You're literally hiding from the dragon right now. Cool. All right, that ends your turn? Zahra, you're up. It is currently 30 feet from you. Real fast. Grog, make a dexterity saving throw. 13? As you're running through, all of a sudden the floor gives out from underneath you, and you roll off to the side. You almost fall in, catching yourself, you slide down into a pit, but manage to get your handhold on a piece of stone that's jutting out of the rock. Pull yourself up. Underneath where you were in the ground is a cracked piece of ice a pit in the ground. But you're fine. You get back up to your feet. That could've been really bad. It's about 15 feet down into these jagged shards of ice. Good to know. You also have no light source. You're at the far back in the darkness. Actually, you have Grog around you right now. Yeah, so you're fine. All right. That brings us to Zahra, once again. It is now Hexed, as well. All right. Do you have to roll to hit on that one? All right, so Witch Bolt does hit. Go ahead and roll damage for that. Five, and you add 1d6 to that because of your Hex. Okay. So 41 points. Okay, so. After you Hex it, you can see the shadows around the dragon begin to form and coalesce around its torso, and as it looks around, these small demonic faces that cackle as bits of moonlight begin to pierce through these grins chokehold around its neck, and as it tries to shake it off, you bring your staff forward, and this bolt of bluish-green electrical energy shakes out in what looks like a piercing arc of jagged moonlight that strikes right into the center of the dragon's chest. As it does, the dragon's nearly pushed off its feet for a second, gathers itself, and you can see that energy surrounds it like magical shackles, it continues to keep its hold on the creature, as Witch Bolt does. All right. Do you wish to move, or are you going to stay where you are? You can move 30 feet, six squares. Yeah, you're right here. It's hard for you to see because that guy's in the way, but you're right there. You can get that far. All right, so there you are. That ends your turn, Zahra. Scanlan, you're up. All right. And how are you having that affect him? Okay, we're going to do Eyebite here. All right. So wisdom saving throw for the dragon. Use my meteor dice one of the fans out there sent. All right, what's the DC on that now total? 19. That would fail. It's going to use its legendary resistance to choose to succeed instead. Three times per day. Welcome to fighting a dragon! So as your eyes darken, the dragon's currently surrounded by the Witch Bolt and the Hex on the creature. You darken your eyes, and you look over and see the arcane energy taking your vision, its vision, combine it in midair. As you do, it shakes its head and (roars) shouts. You instinctively pull back, and as you do, the spell drifts away from you and you realize the incantation's lost. What are you going to throw? No, that's probably more of an action, but you can drop it as a bonus action. All right. And suddenly, the fear that's getting close to clutching your heart and giving you every instinct to run from this, you hear the name Aldor, and you feel that surge of warmth fill your body, and the need to push on forward. Go ahead and take a d10 inspiration dice to use in any roll you want. All right. That ends your turn, Scanlan. Now the giants go. This one is going to move to the side. It's deathly afraid of the dragon, it's like, this is a bad idea, it's really regretting its decision. It's going to attempt to shake the effect. And does so. (cheering) The giant's going to move forward. It's going to attempt to make two strikes with its greataxe. That's going to be a 17, that misses. And a 16, that misses. (whooshing) Makes two strikes to the dragon, and it just dodges out of the way. The second one, it reaches up with its claw and slaps, just parries its axe out of the way and just glares at it, and you can see at that moment, the giant also itself is like (growls). Ending their turn. Lyra, you're up. You know what, yeah, if you want to go ahead and try that. It's going to be a disadvantage on the attack roll. But does Disintegrate have-- Then it would have an advantage on the saving throw. Yeah, it's 10d6 plus 40 force damage. Disintegrate's nasty. 39 plus 40? All right, that's 79 points of damage. What's the DC? It's 17 on that for your spells? It does make its saving throw, so half damage. But rounding up, that's 40 damage still. 40 force damage to the dragon. As you, with the swelling of energy that Scanlan gave you reminding you of Aldor, you release and once again that sickeningly green beam of arcane energy just streaks out, hits the dragon, and with a burst of arcane energy you can see part of its scales have withered, part of its wing is now tattered and missing, and immediately the physical form of the dragon, it's reeling in pain. You'll find out. That is focused. All righty. Cool. That will be the top of the round. Percy, you're up. No. The fear has shaken you, so you cannot move closer to it, and you have disadvantage on attacks. At the end of your turn, you make a saving throw to try and shake it. You can't move closer to it, but you can still attack it. You cannot move closer to it, and your attacks have disadvantage. Okay. So because you've shot, reloaded, shot, reloaded. Go for it. Yeah. So a total of 17? As you fire, it would've hit, unfortunately it streaks through the portion of the wing that currently is left a gaping hole thanks to the Disintegrate spell, the impact of the bullet itself blasting against the back wall, sending chunks and shards of ice spilling off in the distance. Okay. All right. Cool, so that ends your turn. Vex, you're up next. Go ahead and make the save. What'd you roll? Five, yeah. The fear is still clutching you internally, like, "Shit, dragon, bad, dragon!" Vex. Right now? No. You can see parts of the wings fluttering over, but you don't have a very good visual on it. He's decent distance, yeah. You can try to. It has three-quarters cover, so it gets a plus five to its armor class. That's a risk you'd have to take. All right, so what's the first range increment on your longbow? That's the first range increment? Yeah, it's a longbow, yeah. So you're not at disadvantage from that shot. However, it does have three-quarters cover. And given that circumstance-- So go for it and roll for the attacks. You pull back and release the first arrow. It actually just barely scrapes the top of the platform and shatters across the ice. 27, even with the three-quarters cover, does hit! Go ahead and roll damage. (cheering) It's still damage! So as you release the arrow, it just misses the top of the platform, and you get just enough of an angle that it hits one of the wings as it pulls it up, sticks into the part of its hand that crests the top of the wing. It (growls)-- Okay. And it echoes, "Fuck you, fuck you..." Do you or Trinket wish to move? That's true. So now you and Trinket both make wisdom saving throws to try and shake the fear. Oh, and you're frightened, so actually, roll again on the attack. Disadvantage on the attacks. Just roll again. You're frightened. So a total of 20 for the second roll? Well, that would hit. Well no, it has three-quarters cover so it wouldn't, unfortunately. You were frightened! It's part of the effect. I had to remind myself that. So the arrow splinters off the top of the wing as it reaches upward, and you still feel the fear clutching your physical self. Now you try and shake it off. First roll is for you. That would be a no, sorry. For Trinket? Because that's how it works. So while you're still scared, you look over and you see Trinket shakes it off. Trinket looks over his shoulder at you and gives you a nod of like, I got this. Turns back to the dragon and gives a (roars) giant grizzly-bear growl and shout at the dragon. Do you wish to move at all? Trinket's right here. That's about as far as Trinket can get right there. Unfortunately, no. Trinket could move here instead. That's as far as Trinket could move on his movement. No, but it's not over in a cluster of other people. All right. Does that end your turn? Rimefang, who currently has this giant in its face, angrily decides to instead, as a legendary action at the end of your turn, actually, before it takes its turn as you've misfired and Trinket's running along, it's going to go ahead and use one of its legendary actions to do a wing attack against the giant in front of it. This is an interesting point. Remember, this is a dragon. It's your favored enemy. So keep that in mind, you have an advantage on attacks against it. The chat keeps yelling that the favored enemy-- That's true, chat. You're wrong. (shouting) Apparently. As a favored enemy, she gets benefits, but not specifically in battle. It's more about knowing-- Sorry. Sorry, chat. You're wrong. Tried to go with you there, but you're wrong. That's okay. No worries, but thank you for being honest and wrong, chat. All right, nevertheless. It's going to do a wing attack against the giant in front of it. The giant is trying to make a dexterity saving throw. Does not. The giant is knocked prone from the wings (whoosh) buffeting it with wind as it begins to take off, knocking the giant back and dealing 13 points of bludgeoning damage. The dragon then picks up and lands right there. And rears back its head (snarling roar) and unleashes a torrent of freezing cold dragon's breath. A 60-foot cone. It's going to hit the giant, it's going to hit Lyra, and it's going to hit Percy. Not against dragon's breath, unfortunately. So I need both of you guys to go ahead and make a constitution saving throw from the sheer freezing cold. If she chooses to use it, yes. So add a d10 to what you rolled. 21, okay. All right, so both of you take half of the 54 damage it would've dealt. You both take 27 points of cold damage. The giant that had been partially disintegrated before by Lyra now takes the brunt of the frozen damage, and you can now see the ice begins to build up around it as it (gurgling) gurgles as its life's blood is now stilled. While frozen in place, the ice around its physical form holding it there as a statue of death. The giant is no more. TRAVIS and All right, and that ends Rimefang's turn. Grog, you're up. You could get there. You will have to make-- actually, no, you can move through there without an issue. You rush up towards the dragon. As a bonus action. Well, it's already been ignited, you've had it flaming this whole time. All right, so three attacks on the big old dragon. 19 does hit. Does hit. All three hit. Go ahead and roll damage. You're hitting with a weapon that's not as big as your greataxe, but you do an additional 1d6 fire damage when you hit. d10 and a d6 together three times. Plus eight to each. Plus eight to what you roll on both of those. All right, so a d10 and a d6 plus eight. 19 damage. 12, all right. Nice. (whack) As you bring the warhammer down, it smacks the side of the dragon, the flames all of a sudden burst off of it from the impact, you can see as you pull back, the white scales are burned and charred and blackened behind from the first attack. You bring it back, slam again on the second part. As you do, the dragon roars out in pain, the actual force of the impact almost sending it to catch itself on the other side of its body. Its head swings around to look at whoever's slamming it in the side as you bring the hammer back, swing underneath and then hit it from underneath the bottom of its torso, right where its ribs would be, with a (crunch) crack sound. You hit it a third time, leaving a second giant charred mark where you made impact. That'll end your turn. Zahra, you're up. You do. You don't have to roll to attack again. You just use your action. No, because most cantrips take an action. So you would not be able to. The Witch Bolt is your action. Almost all cantrips are actions to use them, so you'd be either able to use your action and the Witch Bolt, or use the cantrip. Your choice. So you focus yet again, your eyes still glowing in that strange, midnight moon color with this black smoke that's framing the side of it. You take your staff and force your will through it once again. That connection between you and the dragon and that weird swirling greenish-blue energy that surrounds the dragon connects with your staff. And as it does, it sends another bolt of otherworldly energy careening into the side of the dragon. Go ahead and roll damage. That was five. Then you roll a 1d6 on top of that. All right, so 38, then a d6 from your Hex. So 44 points of damage. As it once again, a giant piece of the dragon's scales shatter off the side, like you're cracking into the center of an icy, mountainous cragside. It's starting to show a little bit of damage. You guys are definitely taking this battle head-on pretty well so far. You're going to stay where you are, or are you going to move? You're currently 20 feet away from the dragon. 15 is between the two of you. All right, so you want to move this way? Okay, so you just step back? Okay. There you go. All right. That ends Zahra's turn. Scanlan, you're up. You are currently about 20 feet away from the dragon. (laughs) Okay. You do a quick little hand gesture, hum to yourself the arcane ritual, and a very large, mystical see-through replica of your fist appears in the air above you and goes spinning off in the air in an arc. Straight up Popeye-punching towards the dragon. (laughs) Let's go ahead, and Bigby-- what do you have to roll for that? Let me see what the effect is on that, remind myself real fast. Bigby's Hand. All right, so it's an AC of 20. Or no, that's the hand, all right. Clenched fist, cool. So make a melee spell attack. So roll a d20 and then add your spell attack modifier. 19. (wham) Just barely hits as the fist goes slamming into the side of the dragon's face, big old Popeye punch to the side of the jaw. So go ahead and roll 4d8 points of force damage. That's 21 points of damage, nice. (whack) It gets socked in the jaw. The hand whips around again, preparing for the next round. Do you want to use anything, move, use your bonus action? Okay. So you move forward right here? Okay. The grenade is right there on the ground that Percy made. All right. Going to stay where you are? You can keep moving. You moved 18 feet backward, you mean? Right, so you moved three feet of your 25 feet, dropped it, and you still have 22 feet you can move. No, he's this far away. You have to be within a certain range for him to hit you. It's currently 18 feet away from him. Oh, I see! There, that makes more sense. So now there is a grenade on the ground, right there. You are there, right next to Grog. So yeah, you cannot move away without it taking a swipe. All right. That ends your turn. The giant that's here gets up. That's half of its movement. It's enough to get there, moves up behind and is going to make two of its axe-swipes. 15 doesn't hit. Second attack is going to be a 13. It's rolling shit. It swings twice and manages to catch air. Apparently. But you know what, they didn't smash you yet. That's a good thing. That brings us to Lyra's turn. From this point of view, it's going to be very difficult to pull that off. It's a 20-foot radius, so it's going to hit everything within that sphere. Hold Monster! You take your arcane thoughts and you put them around, imagining this arcane cage that begins to form out of the ether around the dragon. These bars (crash) and tighten around it. The dragon rolls a two for its saving throw. (cheering) (laughs) The cage tightens around it, and the dragon takes its wings and (shattering) buffs it off, the arcane cage shatters and disappears into the air. All righty. Good to know. All right, that ends your turn. That brings us back to the top. Percy, you're up. Yeah. Your call, man. You still have disadvantage on your attacks, by the way. As long as it's within eyesight of you, you're scared. Okay. Disadvantage on the shot. 19. That's with disadvantage? Does hit. (cheering) 26 points of damage, nice. All right, and you reload with the other one. You can't move closer to it. Do you wish to move at all? Okay. Before the end of your turn-- Oh, a second wind, go for it. So you go ahead and heal yourself 1d10 plus your level. There you go. So you heal 11 points of damage. Before your turn is over, it's going to use its last legendary action to take its tail and swing around and whack it at the gnome that it heard sneak up behind it and drop something on the ground. That's going to be a natural 20. (shouting) As you drop it, you look up and see its tail go (whoosh, whack). It's a natural 20. There's no way you can avoid this hit. 36 points of bludgeoning damage as the tail slams down onto you. And down onto the grenade you set on the ground. (boom) It is filled with black powder, and is a triggerable mechanism. I appreciate the reminder, because I totally forgot for a second. As it slams into you and the ground, it slams into the grenade and there's an explosion muffled sound from underneath its tail. I want Grog and Scanlan to go ahead and make dexterity saving throws. All right. Both of you guys manage to keep low to the ground, avoiding most of the blast. All right. Both of you guys take half damage from the strike. You both take 12 points of fire and bludgeoning damage. The dragon does not make its saving throw against it, though, and takes the full-- what'd I tell you guys? 12? Pulls its tail up, and there's like a big arc of smoke off of its tail as it pulls it up and shakes out the pain that it just suffered. That's right, forgot that. So go ahead and make your wisdom saving throw. The explosion was the inspiration you required. With the explosion the grenade set off, you realize, wait, you might actually have this, and it worked! You could do this! There you go. At the end of your turn, that's its final legendary action. Vex, you're up. At the end of your turn, you do. It was inspiring. It may help you shake it off at the end of the round. With the Exploding Arrow? That does hit. So go ahead and roll regular arrow damage. With an additional 2d6. Sorry, 3d6. Well, with the arrow, it's 2d6. The grenade was 3d6. You're 2d6. 3d8, sorry. Sorry. 3d8 was the grenade. 2d8 for the exploding arrow. 2d8. Sorry. It's a lot of numbers. Yeah, no. I marked it down. I also need Scanlan and Grog to make dexterity saving throws. Okay. You pull out your Blood-Seeker Bow? Okay. I'll let it. So it is now taking an ongoing ten points of bleeding damage? Now, you take three points of fire damage. Scanlan, you take six points of fire damage. You guys avoid the grenade, and then (arrow noises) a second explosion again. Trinket rushes in and is going to make two attacks at it. Go for it. So go ahead and roll for the first strike. He's no longer scared, so Trinket does not have the disadvantage. 21 hits. Go ahead and roll damage. It hits even harder! (Irish accent) Exactly. What's that about? Rightly so. 13 extra damage as Trinket runs up, first strike hits the armor and just streaks across without damage, but as soon as the dragon turns around to see the giant brown bear that has gotten brave enough to strike it, its other claw goes and sinks into the side of one of its calves and tears a portion of the dragon's flesh. It (snarls) roars and Trinket, bringing its claw down, roars back at it. Dragon roar versus bear roar. All right. That ends your turn. It is now Rimefang's turn. Rimefang-- Well, one more legendary resistance. Great. So the dragon is now going to (flapping) fly-- Okay. That's right, you took the war caster feat. Okay. All right, so you use your action to do Bigby's Clenched, no, Grasping Hand. No, it's-- Yes. All right, so. So you use the hand's strength score, so go ahead and roll a d20 and then add plus eight to it. As the dragon brings its wings up, the hand grabs its wings together and forces it back down to the ground. It shakes off the effect, but it's unable to fly away. Okay. You also deal 2d6 plus five damage to it. 18 points of damage as the hand crushes on it, holding it in place, it does not get a chance to move. All right. Angrily, in reaction to that, the dragon-- well, first off let me see. Does not get its breath weapon back yet, unfortunately. It is going to use multiattack, so it gets three attacks one bite and two claw attacks. It's going to make all of them against you. We'll make each attack as it goes. So the first attack against you is going to be the bite attack. That is a 23 to hit? All right. That's going to be 18 points of piercing damage. Are you unconscious? Okay. It would be an additional d8 points of cold damage. Scanlan falls unconscious on the ground. It's going to take a claw attack down. It's already all-in. Its second claw attack hits. You immediately fail a death saving throw from the second strike. The second claw attack hits you, as well, as it's focused on you. You've failed two death saving throws. That's the end of his turn. Grog, you're up. Okay, so Grog, you use your action to pull out, grab Scanlan, and pour it into his mouth. This is the superior one? You heal 8d4 plus eight hit points. I'll let you roll for it; it's fine. (laughs) 8d4. You have a better chance, actually. As you see the dragon bites down on him, he falls unconscious on the ground, the ice around his wounds, and his eyes just roll back into his head, unconscious. One claw slams down into his body, the gnome shakes from the impact. The second claw comes down into his torso and pulls back, you can see bits of flesh and muscle pull back from its claw as it pulls away, and Scanlan's on death's door. You rush over and grab and lift him up, take the healing potion, pop off the cork with your teeth, and you rage-feed him the potion. "Drink it!" So you're at 19 hit points and you're conscious now, the wounds seal up. You've still failed two death saving throws. They're gone until the end of the battle. You have a bonus action. I'll say because you're frenzied raged, normally you would get an additional attack. I will say you can use that. Okay. Go ahead and make an athletics check. As he wakes up, Grog goes (grunts, whoosh) and slip-n-slides you across the icy floor. You come to a stop about 15 feet away-- actually, be about there. You're still prone; you're on the ground. (laughs) All right. That ends Grog's turn. Zahra, you're up. By the way, your Bigby's Hand has faded, because when you fell unconscious you lost concentration. Witch Bolt? All right. Go ahead and roll 5d12, I believe it is? Whatever the spell is. Is it 5d10 or 5d12? There you go. 5d12 plus 1d6. All right, so what's the total damage on that, then? 51 points of damage. That is nasty. All right, so. As you blast again, the fury of seeing Scanlan torn down to the ground and nearly devoured by this dragon, you blast again. This time the greenish-blue energy flaring up into a vibrant, angry yellow, and now you can see what once was almost like a bolt of arcane moon energy becomes an actual burning fire in its visual. Do you wish to move, or are you going to stay where you are? You are currently 20 feet away from him. All right. At the end of your turn, because it's regained its legendary actions, it's going to use a wing attack against Grog and every creature around it, including Trinket and the one giant. So as it takes the hit from the Witch Bolt, (heavy breathing) the arcane hand no longer grasping its wings, its wings flare out, (whoosh) and swings around with its wings, hitting everything around you. Dexterity saving throw for Grog, for the giant, and for Trinket. Giant does not make it. 18, it's a DC 19. Make it for Trinket. All right, so Trinket and Grog both take 13 points of bludgeoning damage and are both knocked prone. Yeah. Trinket takes half damage, as well. So you both take seven points of bludgeoning damage, but you're still knocked prone. You both fall onto your back. The giant also is knocked prone there. All right. That ends Zahra's turn. That brings us to Scanlan. You're conscious. You're on the ground. All right. So you still have half your movement. You can still move roughly ten feet. Any direction. I consider it a bonus action to keep things moving. Action to administer it to somebody else. (laughs) Okay. Scanlan stands up, waves his hand, and this blackened archway just (whoosh) appears next to him with this crackling sound of energy. He leaps through it and vanishes out of sight. You are now in darkness, you cannot see anything except for a little bit of light bouncing off of the top of the cavern, glittering across all the ice crystals, but you are in complete shadow. (breathing heavily) They were superior. I think Grog used one. 8d4 plus eight. I think you each took one. So we'll consider that. It's fine. All right, so that ends Scanlan's turn. The giant is going to get up. That would be a 21. That hits. And that'll be a 17. That misses. But it does manage to hit with an attack, finally. This whole time. That's 24 points of slashing damage to the dragon. As its first strike whiffs, and as it brings it back with a backhand, it brings its shield up to protect itself. The axe (smack) lands a good seven to eight inches into the dragon's hide. (roars) The head turns around. "You traitor! I will eat every one of you!" That ends the giant's turn. It's going to stay right there, trying to finish him off. That ends the giant's turn. Lyra, you're up. You could? Depending on where you want to place it, you may hit other things. You can tell he's taken a few hits from the dragon, but the other one is the one that was completely wrecked. It is frozen in place and dead. It was partially disintegrated by Lyra earlier, and the frost breath finished it off. The dragon itself is 15 feet across on each side, so if you were to hit the dragon, it would still hit everything directly around it. All right. Actually, he fails his saving throw, but uses his third and final legendary resistance to resist the Hold Monster spell. He's out of legendary resistance. He turns around and looks at you now. It was currently glaring at the giant, growling at everyone around it, and as soon as that spell hits it with the cage once again, (heavy impacts) it breaks it with its wings and turns around, (whoosh) and opens its mouth right towards you. Okay. So you are here. Okay. All right, that ends your turn. Back up to Percy. 31 will hit, yeah. Go ahead and roll damage. He did take ten points of bleeding damage from your-- Laura. It did take ten points of bleeding damage from your bow, and it does save against the bleed effect, so that's gone, unfortunately. But you did ten additional damage to him. Right there? Okay. So as you take your shot, (gunshot) it ricochets off the armor. The dragon's starting to look a little rough. You can see bits of the blood beginning to seep from the inside of its scales. It's starting to look a little harsher and harsher. It's still standing up pretty well, but you can see, it's starting to get a little more battle-worn. That ends Percy's turn. Vex, you're up. Yes. Trinket stands up, and Trinket's going to move back this way. Okay. As he moves away, the dragon uses his reaction. It's going to be a bite attack on him, actually. With disadvantage? Oh, because of the head shot. Yeah. Well, it rolled a two and a 15. (cheering) Did you make a wisdom save last turn to try to resist the fear effect? That's right. Okay. Okay. Go ahead and roll for attack. 26 hits, yes. Hail of Thorns. What's the radius on that? (laughs) How's that go? So Grog, make a dexterity saving throw. Because you're prone, I'd say with disadvantage. Actually, you're fine. Just straight roll. 18? All right. You take half of the 1d10 piercing damage. So roll for the actual arrow damage, and then 1d10. The giant does not make it, and the dragon does not make it. They both fail. All right. What's the 1d10 for the Hail of Thorns? 18. So that's nine points of damage to you, Grog. Nine points to the giant, and nine points to the dragon. All right. You do. You have two attacks. All right. Conjure Barrage is an action to cast, right? That unfortunately does not hit. Well, it hits, but the arrow shatters across the dragon's armor. All right, that ends your turn. As the giant takes a blasting impact of thorns across its torso, it looks to the dragon, Rimefang. Looks at the rest of you, which some of you have fallen, some of you are on the ground. It decides that perhaps it chose its alliances poorly. And you can see, it takes its axe and shield ready, and almost in a phalanx format is now alongside the dragon. All right, that brings us to Rimefang's turn. Rimefang is going to (flapping) fly up in the air. Now he's going to-- This way, up at the top, and is currently up in the air (flapping). Let's see. He gets his cold breath back. Oh, did you roll to try and shake the frightened effect, by the way? Go ahead and do that now. That will do it. As you shake the frightened effect, you're like, "Ah! All right." You're steeled. "No, I know these guys. I'm trying to kill these guys." As you see it fly overhead. Rears back its head and then (whoosh) arc across the ground with its breath weapon, hitting Percy, Vex, and Lyra. You guys all need to make constitution saving throws. No. 23 on the constitution saving throw? 15? What did you roll, Vex? 18. All right. (chuckles) So as the ice breath (whoosh) passes across, it's like every center point of the worst ice storm or blizzard impacting you with a series of punches every single second as this breath caresses and beats your body left and right. Both of you guys take 54 points of cold damage. 54. Lyra, you take 27 points of cold damage. It continues its flight pattern (flapping, impacts) and lands on top of this upper platform. That's ten feet up. There are two platforms on opposite sides of this room now. That ends its turn. It is now Grog's turn. It looks to be questioning its loyalty at the moment, yeah. All right. You get up, and you have enough movement, definitely, to move up into battle with him. Go ahead and attack. You have to hit first. You have to roll to hit. Hits. Roll a second attack. Hits. 20 hits. Roll damage against the giant. Nice. All right, and the third one? As you rush forward, (whack, whack) the first two hits, one hits in the side, and you can see it (grunts) reacts. The second one, it brings its shield up, and you splinter the buckler shield on its arm, and as it shatters, you can see the bones in its arm (crunch) crack from the impact, and it drops its arm to one side, with the flames itself beginning to set fire to the furs it has on its arm. (grunts) He tries to shake off the fire that's on its arm. As you see it bring its arm up, it reveals the underside of its torso. You use that to reach down, leap in the air with an overhead swipe, slam this warhammer with all your strength into the side of its ribcage. As you do, (crack) you can see its torso cave in, and you're probably sure that the splintered bones seem to have impacted something serious as the giant all of a sudden, (death rattle). (cheering) From the damage left over from the battle you had earlier, the damage it already took from the dragon, and that was just enough to finish it off by two hit points. That ends your turn, Grog. Zahra, you're up. You are 30 feet away. All right! (boof) A third time, now, you release Witch Bolt. It slams into it. The dragon actually tries to shift out of the way-- He can't, because you're locked in. Go ahead and roll damage. All right, so. It tries to dodge out of the way. This time, as you focus again, the yellowish energy has now transitioned to a deep, hot, searing red flame from your eyes. (boof) You focus again. The beam now, transitioning into a similar red-hot color, streaks across and slams into the side of the dragon. You can see the impact. The scales are left with this glowing red heat from the blast, and part of its armor is torn open. You can see the burn-charred muscle beneath. The dragon's looking pretty rough. Do you wish to move, or are you staying right there? There you go. That brings us to Scanlan's turn. You are way over here. Yeah. Sure. If you want to, yeah. All righty. There you go. Are you going to stay where you are? You are over here. Oh. It's 90 feet away from you. It does, and because it's high enough-- Yes, that's true. So out of the darkness, release a bolt of energy. It's going to attempt to make a saving throw. What's the DC on it? Yeah, it's whatever your spell DC is. 17, okay. It does make its saving throw, so it is half damage. Go ahead and roll. Rolled a 16 plus five. No, it's 8d6 still. You roll the total, and it's halved. All right. All right, at the end of your turn, it's going to use one of its legendary actions to make a tail attack and reach over the side here at Percy, who's trying to stay hidden there. Brings around his tail. (whoosh) Comes swinging down over the side. Another natural 20. (groaning) 32 points of bludgeoning damage to you, Percy. (whack) From over the top. Percy is down as the tail (whack) slams him down. You can see now, as the tail pulls back, the ice on the ground is slightly concave. There's pieces of ice that have shattered and jutted up from the impact. As the tail pulls away, dropping chunks of stone and ice, you can see a currently unconscious Percy is now face-down and pushed probably a good half-foot into the ground itself. Your face is a mess, if they ever pull you up from that right now. That ends Scanlan's turn. The giant is dead. There are no giants; they're gone. Lyra, you're up. 52 points? And what's the DC on your spell? Right, but it has a save. 17. Okay, it rolled a 15 plus five, so it is half damage, but that's still 26 points of damage to it. (explosion noise) As you reach out, this arcing bead of red streaks through the darkness, impacts right at the side of the dragon's wing, and then (boof) bursts into a giant ball of flame. The whole cavern rocks from the sound of the impact. As the dragon pulls back, you can see this giant char mark on the outside of its wing. It's looking pretty rough. It's still standing, but it's looking pretty rough. Unfortunately, the radius of the blast, as it is a 20-foot radius, is large enough. Percy, his body is hit in the impact and blasted onto its back now. He rolls partly out of the impact-- You actually (boof) over there. You're still technically in the same spot, but you're on your back now. You do automatically fail a death saving throw from that. All right, that ends Lyra's turn. That brings us to the top. Percy. Make a saving throw. Just roll a ten or higher. You fail a second death saving throw. Vex, you're up. The dragon is ten feet up. In theory, he'd be just out of the way of a ten-foot radius. A 20-foot radius, no. Okay. You do have to roll the attack, yes. 29 hits. Yeah, 4d8 lightning damage. What's the DC on it? 14? It does not make the save. Rolled a three. Plus your Hunter's Mark. Plus another 11. Okay. As the arrow releases, once again, (arrow flying) it turns into a bolt of pure arcane energy, smacking into the side of it. You can see the explosion hit and the energy crackle through the rest of its body. Its muscles shudder and it has to grasp the side of the top of this platform to keep itself steady. You can see now, the dragon's (heavy breathing). One eye is partially closed, and with each breath you can see this frost mist emanating from its breath. It looks like it's on its last legs. Roll for attack. 30 hits. Go ahead and roll damage. Including the Hunter's Mark? Okay, so 19 total? Okay. As the arrow (arrow flying, impacts) embeds itself in the side of the neck, the dragon reaches up and it's scratching at the pain. As it pulls the arrow out, blood begins to pour down its side. It's rough. That ends your turn. It is now Rimefang's turn. Rimefang turns. (heavy breaths, roars) and lets out a spray of icy damage out in this direction at an arc this way. I need to get a dexterity saving throw from Lyra, from Vex, and from Zahra. After this, you will. Eight? 28. Okay. Zahra? 11. Okay, so that is 54 points of damage to you. Lyra is currently (crackles) frozen in place right now from the blast. She's unconscious, and there is a coat of ice around her body holding her in place. How are you doing on hit points? Okay, you kick the frost off, and you're on one knee. And you take 54 points of ice damage. You have a reaction? All right, so the creature must make a dexterity saving throw. That is 15. What's the DC? Okay, so it takes 2d10 fire damage. Go ahead and roll that. Nine points of fire damage? How do you want to do this? (cheering) How do you finish this dragon with your Hellish Rebuke? After it finishes blasting you with ice damage, you watch the wizard frozen in place. You see Percy unconscious and bleeding on the ground. You see Vex on the ground, about to fall unconscious. Your friends are lost in the darkness around you, and suddenly you feel that tiefling surge of anger within you, and you? How do you want the Hellish Rebuke to be? So after the frost takes on the front of you, and there is ice caked against the front of your armor, you suddenly look up at it and as your eyes flare with flame, the ice (shatters) evaporates from the sheer heat your body's emanating. You take a step forward, but the step itself is about an inch off the ground. A second step, you're two inches off the ground. And with each progressive step, you're slowly floating in the air, the warlock energy now swirling around you. The shadows are spinning around you and coalescing around your feet. As you look forward towards it, you see the portion of its armor that was blasted open earlier, with its flesh and sinew exposed. You take the staff forward, and with an angry snarl, the one last blast of infernal energy, the Hellish Rebuke then (shooting sound) sinking into the side of its chest. As the inside of its flesh begins to spark and smoke, the dragon (grunts) reaches out and grabs the side. It's beginning to try to bring its wings up to fly away, and as it does, (explosion noise) a blast of infernal flame comes cascading out of its chest. You can see now, all of its armor begins to peel back as its chest is blown open. Its eyes suddenly go from this piercing blue-white to a dull gray color, and it reaches out, and (heavy breathing) "No." It tumbles forward onto the ground next to Percy, almost crushing his unconscious form. It gets up, (impacts) takes two more steps forward. "No. You can't." And with that, Rimefang falls dead to the ground. (cheering) You can just barely get there with your movement. Thank god you're a barbarian. Who's harvesting this? Part of harvesting the organs from the creature is a delicate process. It's a nature-based check, yes. You can. You can. You can also help with this roll. How do you inspire Zahra as she goes to start carving into this dragon? And with that, you killed a dragon. Between the two of you working together, that would give you advantage on the checks. Which one are you going for first? Are you going for the eyes? Choose which portion you're harvesting first. Yeah, but which part are you harvesting first? You choose with each roll. You have eyes, heart-- We already have an assist over there. You will get advantage on it because she's assisting you. 21. Okay. As you come over, using a dagger that you have. Pop very delicately each dragon eye out and place it into the satchel. As you pull each eye out, it's like holding the coldest orb you've ever held. It actually burns your fingers as you clutch it. (gasp) Throw it inside and have to shake your hand off. All right, go ahead and roll for that. 23, all right. So you manage to, with the help of Vex pulling the jaw open, Grog holding onto the side, Lyra's supervising. You manage to get to the base of the tongue, carve off-- And you (slurp-pop) pull out the rather massive, very heavy tongue-- which, once again, this in itself, is like (yelps). Put it in real fast. And in the process of doing so, you suffer two points of cold damage, but the tongue has been harvested. This one's going to be difficult. Part of the chest is blown open, exposing the interior, but there has been damage done to the inside, so go ahead and attempt this. Oh, 20! 20 is just what you needed. You pry in and crack open a portion of its body, and you begin to slowly carve out the portion, the heart, and the dragon heart itself is massive. It's huge, and it takes three of you to pull it out. You don't know, but it's not going to fit in that satchel. I'd say it probably weighs a good 200 pounds. Travel back quickly or have preservation magic. Whether it would be a necromancy-based magic. As you begin to wrap it up, you notice that the cold air begins to (cracking) crack around it, and the heart itself is freezing, as per the nature of a freshly dead white dragon. So it might be a good thing. 13. Going through the jaw, you begin plucking teeth out, piece by piece (cling, cling) and most of them, you notice, as part of the nature of the body, are beginning to decay faster than you expected. A lot of the teeth are becoming brittle and breaking, and as you start pulling them out, you're frustrated because with each one it seems to almost shatter as soon as you claw it from the jaw. By the end of it, you manage to gather about three dragon's teeth before the rest of them begin to break. Okay, go ahead and make a nature roll for that. Roll two more nature checks, or one more check, with advantage. Okay. You managed to pull out some of the more sensitive parts of the dragon, but as you begin to cut away at some of the scales-- you're going for the scales or the claws? Oh, that! Never mind then, sorry. So then, that you can gather without a problem. It's powdered dragon ice bone, so yeah, that's fine. All right. 15? In beginning to pull out the portions of its hands and getting the base of where the claw itself begins to grow, you manage to pull out five functional dragon claws without them breaking. You guys, prepared with your bag. All right, you looted the giant. All of you working together to get scales. Well, this is the roll they're making for it. 20 for scales, okay. So all of you working together, you manage to pull off what amounts to about 25 pounds of dragon scales. Mind you, the scales are heavy and they're about that big each. It would be enough if you were to bring it to a master craftsman, to possibly construct a set of armor from them. All right, there are individual gold pieces embedded all through. It would take you weeks to chisel it all from the walls. Everyone make a perception check. All right. So Grog. You go over to the giant that's not frozen. Looking at it, most of its armor itself is made for a giant's form, much larger than anything else, and a lot of it has been shredded by the dragon, or frozen and broken from the impact and you, cutting it apart with its axe. For the most part, all you're able to find off of its body are approximately 120 gold pieces, which isn't bad. Giants don't really carry a lot of money on them, usually what they carry on them is just trophies from battles they fought previously. At least, these ones here. What did you roll for perception? So as you guys are looking around, the cavern seems to be fairly barren. You, however, Vex, as you walk to the back of the cavern, you see there are other pieces of partially eaten frozen bodies. And you, using a little bit of torchlight you can pull out, and glancing underneath, you see a little bit of shining, more of a cluster of shining about seven or eight inches beneath the ice surface. And you look down and you can see, there appears to be quite a hoard of something frozen beneath the surface of this cavern. (laughs) You start carving, you're like, (yelps). Dodge out of the way just in time as firebolts begin blasting the ice. (boom boom) A large chunk of the ice is blasted out from the Fire Bolt, and you catch your breath for a second. It's not enough to get all the way down, but it does manage to blast away a large portion of the ice. And so between the two of you guys, you take a dagger, you take your staff and you begin jamming into the ice. You manage to break it apart, and you do find beneath there, frozen, quite a hoard. You find over the next hour or so, 4,244 gold pieces-- TRAVIS and 4,244 gold pieces. A cluster of gems worth around 850 gold. A singular diamond. It's about that large. It's actually a little bit smaller than the other one you have, but it's worth anywhere in the neighborhood of 1,200 gold pieces. You also manage to find a pair of leather gloves with almost gold trim around each one of the joints. You find what looks like a small leather cap that you pull over the head, that a peasant would wear, and what looks to be one glass vial containing an indeterminate liquid. From what you can look at the color, it's like a purplish-blue. Make a perception check. Oh. Do you have Detect Magic? Or Identify spell? Okay. Make an arcana check. Well, you guys have a brief rest here; it should be fine, actually. Okay. Looking at it, this is a very fancy leather hat. You take some time with each one of these items that you pull out from the ice, and each one emanates a magical aura from them. You take the gloves first and you look at them, and you eventually come to realize, oh, you've heard about this, you read about this in your books. These are Gloves of Missile Snaring. They're gloves that when worn, you have an opportunity to possibly snatch a missile out of the air. These gloves seem to almost meld into your hands when you don them. When a ranged weapon attack hits you while you're wearing them, you can use your reaction to reduce the damage by a certain amount, provided you have a free hand. If you reduce the damage to zero, you can catch the missile, midair, (whoosh) stop it from hitting you. Anybody who's hit by ranged. Looking at the hat itself, while not a very impressive hat, the magical energy on it does give you the idea that it is used as an illusion-based magic. It is a Hat of Disguise. While wearing this hat you can use an action to cast the Disguise Self spell at will. It ends if the hat is removed. The potion is a Potion of Climbing. You can actually climb your walking speed for one hour. Climbing or scaling cliffs, you can go at the speed-- normally, you're very slow when you climb. You can just parkour up super fast. While this is happening, because you rolled a 20, you look over at the corpses that are frozen on the ground. You see one of the corpses is wielding a sword, and another one of the corpses appears to have a shattered bow in one hand. You go over and see the sword itself is not affected by the ice. It actually seems to be resisting the ice. You (cracking) break it out of the hand. The person who's holding the bow, currently, the upper torso is bitten off and shattered. Part of the body is ruined. The bow is broken and destroyed, but there is a quiver on its back. Within the quiver, you see most of the arrows are frozen solid within the quiver, but there is one that seems unaffected by the ice. You pull out the arrow. It appears to be a deep forest green, and the actual shaft of the arrow has a texture to it, almost a rough metallic texture. SAM, MARY, and If you wish to bring those over to Lyra. Lyra, make an arcana check. Good to know. You take the time with it. You immediately recognize, there is a similar enchantment on both of these weapons, and whoever came in here earlier had the intent of slaying this dragon and failed to do so. What you find is a Dragon-Slayer Longsword. Which is a plus-one weapon, normally, but against dragons or people of the dragon subtype, it deals an additional 3d6 damage with every hit. And an Arrow of Dragon-Slaying. It's a singular arrow, a one-use arrow, but if it hits a dragon of the dragon race, type, or group, it has to make a constitution saving throw or take an additional 6d10 piercing damage. It's a one-use, "fuck you, dragon" arrow. So at this point, you guys have taken probably a good hour and a half or so in this cavern. You start seeing water drip. It's beginning to thaw in the absence of Rimefang. Possibly. Percy, you go and you pull out the contract real fast to inspect it, and you can see that the arcane sigils that were built into it are faded, and where it looks like each piece of the dragon that you harvested correctly, has seemingly had a strange, glimmering gold shimmer from the actual text on the contract. All right. You take that one gold piece, pocket it. Take a moment to remember your final death blow against the dragon. You guys trek back through the caverns you arose, back through the ruined frost giant village, back into the Vesper Timberland, find where your horses were currently tied up, make your way back towards the city of Vasselheim. About a day and a half's worth of travel later, you notice that the blizzard that encompassed the six-mile radius of this mountain range has faded into a soft fog, and the actual weather in this area seems to have been connected to the presence of the dragon and is slowly dissipating. You eventually take yourself to the base of Vasselheim's main wall. You shout at the top of the wall, and noticing the group arriving, they let the doors open. You can see the giant, dragon-headed ballistae that line the city walls are armed and ready, and upon approval, they move them away. You enter the city, make your way through the Braving Grounds to the Quadroads to the outside of the Slayer's Take guildhall. As you enter the main room, you see Mertin is standing there. Looks like he's playing a game of solitaire with a deck of cards. He looks up. "Well, I'll be damned. Are you serious? You killed him?" "Show me your contract. Show me this contract." "Well done." And he puts his hand out to shake your hand. Okay. He hugs you. "I appreciate it very much. You lost me 200 gold pieces, but well done. "You've proven to be more than I expected. Let me get the Huntmistress. She will be very happy to "see that you've arrived. Aye, my wife. Yes." And he gets up and leaves. A few moments later, the headmaster Vanessa Cyndrial comes in, her tiefling self with her horns curled behind her head. Walks in with this smooth glare. "I must say. Some of these contracts we put out as a test of your power "and will, and to be perfectly honest, I was pulling for you." She puts out her hand and her husband takes a pouch of coin and puts it in her hand. She takes it and puts it on the side of her belt. "I'm impressed by all of you, and by this token, and by the completed contract. First off, "you have definitely proven your worth to the Slayer's Take." "Keep the emotions in check. We have to put up a face here. No one wants to see a member of "the guild cry. Now, for the rest of you, I would like to humbly ask if you wish to join the "Slayer's Take guild." "The bear, as well. Best not show him the back room. We have a few trophies back there that "might freak him out." "You are able to choose what your group is at any time. Whatever the contract requires." Vanessa goes, "Lyra, I would recommend this course of action to not be taken. I would think "that would reflect poorly-- I mean, your personal time is your own, but nevertheless, my dear, this "is a very pious house--" Vanessa walks up and puts her hand on your shoulder and goes, "We're going to have a talk, "woman to woman." "I'm going to make sure she doesn't embarrass the rest of us. So with the contract "completed, provide what you've harvested from your quarry, and payment will be delivered." The heart, which Grog has been carrying on his back as you guys travel. (impact sound) It hits the table and the wood cracks a little bit beneath it from the impact. And you can see, the ice is starting to melt a bit on the exterior. She gives a nod. "Very well. Mertin, please, provide these for transport to the contract "client." "It's written on the contract itself." Percy has the contract, currently. Make a history check, by the way. All right. The two of you immediately go, "Huh," and it hits you you've heard the name before. You've heard the name and you're trying to figure out where it is. You pick it up and say, "He's a member of the Arcana Pansophical." It's a really exclusive group of archmages across the entire globe that essentially work together to keep the peace on a global scale. Of which, you know that Arcanist Allura Vysoren is a member of the Arcana Pansophical. This is another member of that team, who ordered this. "Indeed. What is the total on that contract, if you don't mind repeating?" Yeah. Essentially, considering the dragon teeth that you had already stored, those are used in this transaction, as well as the claws. So you no longer have dragon's teeth and dragon claws stored in your bag. However, you've fulfilled the contract and get full payment for those. "9,000 gold pieces." She reaches beneath, pulls out a small chest. You see her do something beneath the table you don't recognize, and all of a sudden you hear a clicking sound and she pulls up three large sacks of gold (heavy impacts) on the table. "Divide as you see fit. On top of this, as "you have now been accepted to this, when your other team members arrive, which should be any "moment now, in the next day or so, you'll be inducted, you'll be absolved of your breach of the "laws of Vasselheim, and you will also acquire a small payment in conjunction with the hydra "contract. So we will discuss this as soon as your friends arrive. Until then, feel free to rest, "divide the gold, and be on your way." "You do not need your money? Well, that will go back to the guild, thank you." (chuckles) "Very well." Tosses the coins. "Well done. Congratulations, and I look forward to a very fruitful and profitable future "together here at the Slayer's Take." You may. What are you trying to gather? All right, go for an insight check. Okay. You know you have a very strong sense of being able to read a person, and yet she is still an enigma to you. She seems earnest. She seems definitely a shrewd businesswoman, and there's a reason this guild has been successful for as long as she's been at the helm of it. But as far as reading her intent? She seems very guarded and hard to read. You're unable to really catch a bead on her. "Well, to be perfectly honest, this dragon had been a thorn in our side, with previous "contracts failed on its side, and you all seemed so confident in your skills. I figured it would be "a good excuse for you to either flee from this thing and come back with your tail between your "legs, or be foolish and get yourself killed, in which case, you're not a problem of ours anymore "and everything's fine. Or, best case scenario, what you've shown to me today." "Anyway, I have business to attend to. Enjoy your night. Celebrate. And return here when you "wish to see your friends hopefully return as successful as you were." SAM and "Mertin!" "Yes, I know, my dear. I'm taking it." And he takes the heart and (grunts) lifts it over his back and the halfling, as thick as he is, (grunts) is bringing it to the back room. She turns around, gathers the rest of the materials into a sack, and exits the room. And with that, we will conclude tonight's session. Well done! By the way, these are your magical items. You want to go ahead and take those? First off, guys, a big round of applause and appreciation for our guests. Mary, Felicia. You guys were fantastic.