Hello and good evening, everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, a show where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors play D&D, Dungeons & Dragons. Roll dice and kill monsters and sometimes maybe get killed themselves. I don't know. (yelling) We are on. Hi. Welcome, Sam. Make more stuff for you guys, yeah. That's on you, CritRoleSource. Cool. So that's awesome. Next announcement, for those who haven't had a chance to see it. A little over a year ago I Kickstarted a web series with a bunch of other really talented people. Sean Becker, who is director of The Guild, directed it. It's called Muzzled the Musical. Ashly Burch, a bunch of great talented people from The Lizzie Bennet Diaries and a bunch of other web series, Juliet Landau is in it. It's a great fun web series and it went live last week right before Halloween. So we have our three-episode arc up on YouTube. If you like musicals and you like fun silly dark, Doctor Horrible-style performances, then you're going to like this. Check it out, see if you like it. Let's see. Oh yeah, tomorrow is BlizzCon. BlizzCon, for all you crazy guys who are going or those who are watching on the digital online pass. A bunch of us Critters will be wandering the halls, doing panels and all kinds of fun stuff. Like, for me personally, I'll be there tomorrow at 430. I think, Liam, you are on that as well? Yeah, The World of Warcraft Live panel. We'll be there doing that. And then doing a signing afterward. What else you guys got going on at BlizzCon? Awesome. Rock that out. Cool. Also, tonight is Critmas. So for those who want to hang around. (voice cracking) We have quite a cavalcade of presents. Because of that. Giant bear. Find them, post it in the chat room. It was pretty amazing when it was wrapped up. It looked like a body. Like, straight up, season two Dexter. It was pretty fantastic. Please don't. No bodies. (laughs) He'll know what to do. So thanks in advance for that. Also, you will recognize a couple of new songs tonight. We had the wonderful pleasure of having Bethesda approve us using Elder Scrolls music in our on-channel playlists. So I have been able to go back and re-incorporate all of my old Elder Scrolls music that I used when we originally played off stream. So that's really cool. Thank you, Bethesda. Thank you guys very much. Exactly. Imagine that. Really stoked about that. Just a reminder. The "How do you want to do this?" shirts are up. I still have to get one for myself. I think I should. And we have the Critical Role necklace and awesome keychain, which I have not seen in person until tonight. So we'll pass them around and we can each give it our blessing. Each individual one is blessed by me. That's not true, but you will still roll well while wearing one. So that's exciting, and let's see what else we got. Do you want to do the quick Wyrmwood thing? Reminder from Wyrmwood? Yeah. Thank you, Wyrmwood, for being so awesome and for putting that code together for our community. Yes, please. How's that go, again? The last announcement is that they announced that The Witcher is coming to theaters in a couple of years, and that has nothing to do with us, other than the fact that I'm probably going to be at full mast for the next week, thinking of that possibility. I'm so excited. Please don't fuck it up. No, no, no! I will... I would not! Don't. Guys, I will stop this show. Your DM is out! If Channing Tatum becomes Geralt, I will be so furious. He's great at certain roles. I loved him in... I absolutely adored him in the 21 Jump Street movies. That's enough of our silly talk. Let's go ahead and dive into the chaos that is the current circumstance. Keep in mind, the culmination of leading into Halloween with this story arc and now going and starting a rebellion in Whitestone on the Fifth of November has been a very delightful, unintentional coordination here. So that's pretty cool. So to get you guys up to speed with the circumstance that has happened, those especially that are tuning in for the first time. A couple known as the Briarwoods that took over the city of Whitestone five years before, murdering most of the ruling family of Percy-- other than himself, escaping-- have recently been doing political discussions with the home city of Emon. Vox Machina, our troop of intrepid adventurers, upon discovering this, battled them at Emon. They fled to Whitestone, and the party has then gone after to seek to destroy them and free the town, the once-home to Percival. In the process, it appears that there have been a number of warnings set, and the entire town has been long held under this dark, ominous rule that they have kept at bay. Apparently, they have found notes of previous, failed rebellions, and things that die here don't seem to stay dead. A number of zombified giants are wandering the city as these giant lurching sentinels. And apparently, a number of the cutthroats that helped the Briarwoods come to power in this town have now been given titles and land here and are now called the new nobles by the locals. During this process, you guys managed to sneak into the town, began setting out word of coming rebellion and that Percival de Rolo has returned and the Briarwoods' time is numbered. Upon meeting the previous chancellor to your father of the town, Archibald, you guys came to an understanding, and he was going to reach out to all of his contacts and let them know that the rebellion is happening. You guys then set out to set a two-pronged attack against two of the remaining new nobles in the town. Most of the party going to seek the outside of Count-- what's his name? TRAVIS and Duke Vedmeyer was the one that Scanlan went to, and then Tylieri is the one that the rest of you wandered outside. Now, as the rain pours down into the city, midday. Scanlan decided to open from a Polymorph spell, as a fly, to the top of the front doorstep of Vedmeyer's home. Then, proceeding to un-Polymorph and re-Polymorph into a triceratops. Of which, I have your statistics here for your triceratops form, if you want to come get that. So that's your triceratops form. After becoming a triceratops, you squashed the front guard that was there, you slammed through the front of the building, destroying the front door, and we cut to the other group who is stealthing through the rain. At which point, the okay was given to Grog, whether intentionally or not. Grog then charged to the front door of Tylieri's estate, and the rest of you prepared for impact. And that was where we left off, in the center of this chaos. So without further ado. Sam. I know, take a look. Say, for the sake of this, for now, we'll go through your circumstance, as they are separate. So Scanlan, you are-- I did not have a triceratops, but I did have a stegosaurus. It's the same size. I'm sorry, bloodspike behemoth. I'm sorry. You know what? They're not around to argue. I'm sure. Please, bring them my way. As you slam your way into the front of Duke Vedmeyer's estate. Pieces of wood blasting outward, scattering among the center of the foyer. You see before you a rising staircase that divides into two separate staircases that curl around to the second level. You also notice that the entire interior is currently filled with guards. All seemingly prepared and almost expecting your arrival. You also see, at the top, Duke Vedmeyer himself. A large, hairless, grey-skinned goliath, wielding a giant two-handed sword, armored with a breastplate. Vedmeyer. He's a goliath, yeah. Correct. As far as you know, no. And at first glance, based on the fact that he is wearing heavy breastplate and is wielding a giant two-handed sword, you get the feeling he is probably not as heavily inclined towards the arcane arts as others you have encountered. Currently, no. Currently, all you see are a series of Whitestone guards in uniform armor, all with heavy crossbows, currently nocked. And as you come blasting through the door, they are already arranged in what appears to be a waiting pattern, should anything try and charge its way into the house. In fact, roll initiative. Yep. There are doors on each side that are currently locked, and other than that, no. They are closed currently, and they appear to be-- There's a giant wooden beam crossed over the front of each. Then there's the outside which leads to the exterior, to the raining outside of the household, and the stairs that go up. Roll initiative. Okay. Apparently not. You made a very loud noise when you turned into a triceratops and tore through the front of the household. All right, so Scanlan is up first. If you go to zero hit points in animal form, you go back to your regular full health and any damage that carries over just goes to your regular health, at that point. You guys aren't there. Scanlan, what are you doing? What are you doing? Yeah, you have initiative, man. You did. He's the only one that's within, technically. What's your speed? 40. You would get right up to Vedmeyer if you were to charge. What do you want to do? Over here? It's about 35 feet. Okay! He goes blasting through the doors. We are going to find out. Yeah, go ahead and roll a strength check. Roll a d20 and add your strength modifier of the triceratops form. You, running, slam your head in, through, the horns protruding and tearing through the wood. The doors break inward, but the doors don't fully blast inward. The door is in bad shape. It won't take much more power to blast through. It's now your worst nemesis. You could try and pull back out. You manage to pull out without an issue. The doors are mostly beaten inward. It will take but a small impact to blast through next turn, if you wanted to. That would have been your action. That's your turn. Just right there. This guy moves up over the railing with his heavy crossbow and aims this way. These guys all shift to this side with their crossbows. Over here, this guy's going to move to this point so he can get a view of you. And Vedmeyer is going to move down here and get his sword ready, grinning. As he holds his sword up, he puts his hand up and goes, "Aim, fire!" A bunch of crossbow bolts get loosed at once (shh, shh) through the middle of the room. What's your armor class as the triceratops? 11, that misses. That's a 13, misses. Natural one. That's going to be a 14, hits. 18, hits. 24, hits. That was six? One more, that's a 22. So I have four that actually hit you with the crossbow bolts. That's eight piercing damage. 13 piercing damage. 21. 25. 34 points of piercing damage from this volley. Nope. All right. That brings us back to the top of the initiative round, and you're up. You are not. He is above you on the railing. I'm sorry, this is a balcony up top. So he's actually aiming down and firing at you. All right, then roll another strength check. 23, not a problem. You burst through. So what you see in here, as you blast through. It's a dining room with a central dining room table, two small tables in the far corners. There is a ten-foot window across the way. It appears to be a normal dining room set. That is your movement. Yeah, I'd say at this point it is so damaged that it doesn't take much effort to push through, so you can manage to push through as part of your movement. Nope, you guys aren't there. What do you want to do, Scanlan? Correct. Okay, good to know. Holding an action. The next turn will be Vedmeyer. Holds up there. He is going to wait there. He's actually going to dash and just get up right next to where the doors are burst open. He can hear you right around the corner. The rest of these guys are going to dash in. There, there, there. This guy is going to just try and jump down. Let's see if he makes his acrobatics. He does not, with his armor. He leaps off the edge and manages to damage his ankle and is currently prone on the ground. That ends their turn. Back at the top. Are you still holding your action on your turn now? It's back to you. You heard a bunch of footsteps coming in, yeah. You can drop it in a moment. The triceratops shrinks down to gnomish form now, in this partially destroyed dining room area. What are you doing? The echoing voice you hear, in the back of your mind, as you imagine this is what Keyleth would be saying right now. Okay! All right. 20-foot radius sphere. I'd say you could affect all of them, yeah. All of them in this big ol' Stinking Cloud radius. Not a worry. This whole area fills up with gas. All right. All of a sudden, the entire foyer just fills up with this greenish, noxious cloud of poisonous gas. Let's see. They have to make a constitution save. What's the DC? Is this through your hand cone? (laughing) 19? Jesus Christ. Okay. Nope. Nope. Nope. Nope. Natural 20, he's fine. 19, he's fine. 18, nope. Nope. Double nope, because he's on the ground. Fuck that guy. Vedmeyer rolls a one. (cheering) Vedmeyer himself kind of backs against the wall and (groans) just tries to get it to leave the area, but it's just this thick cloud. It's slowly moving away. Yeah, they are in a bad place right now. Okay, and you still have movement. You have only moved five feet so far. Yeah, you only moved five feet so far, so you still have 20 feet of movement. All right. Do an acrobatics to see how cool it was. Yes. 11. You (grunts) you slide, only because you partially destroyed it as a triceratops, (ssss) but in your head it looked pretty cool. Thank god none of your allies were around to actually witness it, but you heard the theme music. Yeah, you're right by the window. Yeah. Okay. Your turn ends. Vedmeyer is just-- you can see his eyes are filling up with liquid. He does make his saving throw. He coughs. (coughs) Manages to clear the air around him. You can see the cloud slowly moving back this way, away from where it was cast. That finishes his turn. However, he is no longer affected by the Stinking Cloud. You can see as the cloud slowly moves past him, and his face comes through, his pupil-less, angry goliath eyes are staring at you from across the room to where the doors are open. You see him grit his teeth and (growls). You can hear his teeth scratching across themselves in anger and fury. The rest of them are going to go. These two guys are going to move forward. They both come running in, putting another bolt into their crossbows, (clicking) pulling it back real fast, pulling up their heavy crossbows, and firing at you. That is going to be a 24. And an 18. So you take 12 points of piercing damage from the first bolt and five points of piercing damage from the second. As both (zoomf, zoomf) bolts, one hits you in the shoulder and ricochets off, not doing much damage. The other one slams and actually embeds itself into your thigh, about an inch into it. It's piercing and sticking out the other side. Mostly caught armor, but you can feel it definitely got a chunk of flesh in the process. That ends their turn. The rest of these guys, now, are going to try and make their saving throw. Fail. Fail. Fail. No, success on him, actually. He rolled a 19. A success on a natural 19. Fail. Fail. Well, no, actually these three succeed. The rest of them are still down. So I'll say that these guys here are all down. And he's still up. These two are still down. Okay. That ends their turn, you're up. That is a hell of a Lightning Bolt line, right there. It's about six feet across. No, it's a big, long table. You have a very wide line of individuals, right there. All ready to snatch you. The door is right here. So you're by the window. So if you wanted to move over here, then you would have line of sight on pretty much everybody. Okay! You duck under the table. I'm going to say make a deception roll to try and successfully feint them. From their direction it's kind of hard. Especially because there's a table and chairs up against it, and part of it has been crushed by a triceratops that was previously here. So you grab your head. Oh no! Do a very elaborate dive under the table. A little strange dull thud of arcane energy as you bamf up to the ceiling. All right, is that your turn? You are now up on the rooftop. There's rain pouring down. You are immediately soaked from the heavy storm that's now coming into Whitestone. Just you up there, yeah. Okay. Easy enough to do, because it will take a round for anyone to recover from that, anyway, because you have to use your action both turns. So as you are waiting up there, you cast Invisibility on yourself and wait. Check your equipment. Poison the house. There you go. That'll work. I know, you guys are rocking it. You do. You're checking your pockets. You find the potion. You look down and you notice, even through the storm, you can see in the distance, there's the dark shape of a giant lumbering zombie guard making its way down to this part of the town. What are you doing? Yeah. Make a perception check. Two? This is a pretty solid roof with apparently no entry point at any points. The craftsmanship is flawless. Okay, you pull up (boink), pull the cork off, (glug glug). As you feel the fluid find its way down your esophagus, it warms it like a fine whiskey would, but the warmth just grows and grows to the point where it's almost too hot, but it never quite reaches a point where it's painful, but you feel as if this need to belch is burbling within your stomach, and at any given point in time, you could let that belch fly forward. Where you came in? Yeah, you just come running across the rooftop. It's a little bit of up and down as the topography happens, and as you're running, you start hearing voices shouting out in the street. You make your way over to the top of the roof above. Okay. As you (grunts) let the belch out, it comes out in a large spray of orange, yellow, and red flames that immediately burst beneath the overhang, which-- You are no longer, unfortunately. When you do an attack of some kind, the invisibility is released. So this gnome appears, soaking wet, over the edge of the roof and then releases this gout of fire that blankets the front of the building, catching flames on all the portions of the front part of the second, and parts of the first story, including the top of the entryway that you had already smashed through as a triceratops, which exposed a lot of dried wood. It immediately bursts into flame. As you complete that breath and you inhale for a second, you hear voices now starting to shout from the inside of the house. (muffled shouting) You can't really make out the noises, but it sounds like there's panic now starting to hit from the inside, and you see a few guards start rushing out into the street to try and look at where the source of the flames came from. They both look up and see you. These are guards who were inside the house that as soon as the fire came shooting down and burned the house, they rush out, look up, grab their crossbows, and aim them up towards you. That's a 17? And a 13. He does, actually. 17 does not hit. That's a good point. You would have half- cover from looking over the rooftop; you only have a little bit of your hands and your face showing. So both go (pshew pshew), firing off into the rainstorm. No. But it's easier for you to find it. It's a lot less to cover. So both bolts (shoosh) streak past you into the sky. They angrily reach down and duck back inside the building with the rest of their movement to get out of the range of now what appears to be a flame-throwing gnome. So that's their go. What are you going to do? It does progressively give you a breath for a short time. Yeah. Specifically-- oh no! (laughter) You have three different exhales of this. It lasts for an hour or until you exhale three times. It's a bonus action to do it, so you could also do something else and breathe fire. Yep. Okay. So you run over. Your full movement will get you about halfway across. At a dash, we'll get your other action there, and you'll have your bonus action left over. You manage to slide across the roof, grab the edge, reach over and (blows air). Just unleash on the opposite side. This side, because the angle the rain is coming at, is getting a little bit of water, but there is still a number of dry wood exposed by the immediate overhang that it does manage to catch, and the flames are beginning to burn up and collect on the sides because it is superheated flame. Both sides of the house now appear to be on fire. Looking over your shoulder, you can see now there is a pillar of black smoke rising up from the front of the building. You do see on the opposite side a hatch (click, bam) slam open and you see a giant, meaty goliath hand (boof)-- Now stepping out into the rain, you see the goliath Duke Vedmeyer step up (doosh) with his two-handed sword. All right, it's your turn. The hatch is actually halfway. It's in the middle of the roof. It's actually met from the second story, from one of the rooms or one of the closets, so it's about 25 feet from either the front or the back side. It's right in the center of the house. Whatcha got, Scanlan? Whatcha got? Scanlan showing down in the rain. It's charisma. Okay. All right. The roof is indeed wet. I'm aware. (laughs) Oh, this will be interesting. Okay. So you create the hand next to him, and as he starts stepping forward towards you with his sword at the ready, there's a shimmer in the air as a giant kind of vaguely purplish arcane hand all of a sudden appears. He looks confused for a second and rears back to try and attack it. As the hand pulls back, comes rushing forward towards him, I want you to go ahead and make a strength check with the hand. The strength is plus eight, so add eight to this roll. (laughs) Natural one. (cheering) I've rolled so many ones today. This is ridiculous. All right. The hand pushes him five feet plus the number of feet equal to five times your spellcasting modifier. Yeah. Okay. As the hand shoves him, he goes pushed off to this side. Seems to be holding against it, but the hand eventually scoops him up and actually gets him off of his feet and shot-puts him off the roof. He plummets backward off the side of the roof, and you wait a second to hear a (boof) across the way. That's full damage there. (mutters) Okay, he takes 34 points of falling damage and is knocked prone. So you're now standing alone on the rooftop, your Bigby Hand there next to you, a little trickle of fire curling at the corner of your mouth from your final dragon's breath when you decide to use it. What are you going to do? Yeah, you're about 25 feet from it. It's where you got him. Okay. As you reach over, you look down, and there is a ladder that leads up to the front, and there are two guards that are currently making their way up to the roof. They look up and see you, and their eyes go wide within their helmets, and as you release the flames, all you see is their faces go, "Ah!" Just engulfing the entire tunnel. Roll 4d6. MARISHA and Yes. There you go. They both fail their DC 13 dexterity saving throws because I can't roll tonight. 15? Okay. They both take 15 points of fire damage and the entirety of that space has now burst into flames. You pull back because the heat is intense, backdraft-style, as you're at the top. They don't burn off, but you feel they might be a little singed. You'd have to give it a few days to recover. And you hear screaming down inside the tunnel and both of them are currently dealing with the fact that they're on fire. So that's your movement, that's your bonus action. You still have an action. Yes? Let me double-check on that, actually. I don't know if it can, but we'll find out. Dimension Door, no. Dimension Door cannot. Polymorph... nope. Do you want to try? What are you doing? Not really, no. Unseen Servant is like a barely-there small-level air elemental. That would be this way, this way, or this way, because he fell off that side. The flames are now licking up both sides of the house, so you have to go this way. Yeah, the full length of it. At full dash it will get you there and there, and you still have about a good 20 more feet to get, so that's your turn, there. The two guards that were back that way are now no longer on fire. They have gotten to the roof and put themselves out. They both look very, very angry at the current circumstance. They step out of the hatch both places. The hatch is still on fire, there are still flames, but they got out (panting). They're out in the rain now. The rain's putting out and dousing the flame that's on them. They both look over and see you running away. They pull their hand crossbows at the ready. They were already ready to fire. That's a 24? And a 26. Okay, they both hit. They had 24 and 26. That is seven points of piercing damage and 12 points of piercing damage. So 19 total. All righty. They both reach over and grab bolts out of their sides and start preparing for another series of shots. Both catch you in the side. One you can feel a few inches into your shoulder and it's making the joint stick, and the pain is starting to really burn on the left side of your body, but you're okay. Now it's your turn. Go ahead and roll a d20 and add your charisma modifier to it. Yeah. 20? You trust-fall off, your eyes somewhat closed and letting it happen. And in the moment that you expect ground to meet you with a heavy, hard smack of reality, a soft cushion of arcane energy catches you as these spiritual purplish fingers curl around and gently bring you to the ground. Oh, that was just the fall, and you land there. He's way over this way. So you're outside of the house now. You're in a small alley between-- well, not an alley. You're on the side of the house and there's a big grassy area around it, and there's the fence that surrounds the whole... It's an action to use its ability, so it was your action to catch you as part of it. To do anything with Bigby's Hand. Oh, it's a bonus action? Yeah. So you've been moving it along with you as you go. Yeah. Okay. So you're going to start running over this way. All right. As you run, you get over to the front of the gate that is closed off. It's a little bit too tight for you to squeeze through. How do you plan to get over the gate? Okay. Make an athletics or acrobatics check to try and get over the gate. 16. Okay. Is that acrobatics or athletics? Athletics. So you run, you jump up (ching), grab onto the metal bars to start just pulling yourself up over the top, land on your feet, and you're now right near where the street is, and you can see to your right it's open, towards the direction of where the rest of the party is. To the left, you can see now, coming through the rain about a hundred feet from you, a giant hulking zombie giant that's stomping towards you. As you notice that, you see a number of figures come swarming out of the two buildings to the side of it, and immediately start attacking the zombie giant. TRAVIS AND Okay. So you just cloak yourself and watch from the shadows off to the side. As you are there for a little bit, keeping your eye out for the next couple of minutes, you can see the house is now completely engulfed in flames. The rain, try as it might-- the roof itself is not catching yet, but you can see now, fire is licking out of every single window and glass is steadily breaking over time. (crash, crash) The guards have all escaped out, and you can see the guards and Vedmeyer are now storming across the entire grounds. He's giving orders left and right, and they're all out searching for you in the nearby vicinity of the home. Looking across the way, you can see the zombie giant is now currently reaching down and swapping down. You can get a closer view. They look like some of the normal inhabitants here, are wearing makeshift armor, weapons that they have, and they are now rising up and attempting to take down this zombie giant. You watch as it reaches out. It slams and smashes one to the ground, leaving him lifeless, while another two leap up on the back of the zombie giant and are stabbing it with spears, and you see it (moaning), it gives out this roar. It's hard to tell from this distance which side is getting any ground, but it is currently held up by this group of about ten individuals that are attacking it at once. You just going to stay there and wait it out? Okay. We'll use that to hop over to the other party. A short rest is about half an hour to 40 minutes of waiting, so you might want to find a place that isn't quite so intense to do this. You can try and sneak into one of the nearby homes and do it, maybe. Okay, so you would not be able to rest, unfortunately. It's not a very restful situation right now, to gather yourself. Okay. I approve of this greatly. All righty. The rest of you guys who have all been slinking out the back. You just knocked a guard out. Trinket came with you? Grog. Right, that's right! Percy, Vex, you guys are all back this way. The back of the building. You can see what looks to be one door to a back room. Grog, as you come slamming up with Trinket behind you (thudding footsteps) up to the front of the building, you see the front doors are there before you. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Make a strength check. Yes. You didn't. All right. It is very important at this moment. Trinket's hit points right now are what? 56. Trinket should have four more hit points. Yeah. All righty. 26? You rush forward. With your foot, (boom) it's Sparta, the front of that door as it just (crash) cracks open, Trinket coming up behind you. The doors open. You can see now before you, there is a single staircase that curves up to a second floor. There is a large vase right at the base of it, right there. There's a couple of tables by it, and it goes to the right and left. Do you enter the premises, or are you staying right at the door? It's up to you. All right. Grog, you push your way in, Trinket following behind you right there. Immediately, you see the upper banister, right over the railing also, similar to what Scanlan encountered, has guards completely within this area, at the ready, crossbows pulled. In wait. There is Tylieri. All waiting, crossbows at the ready. The doors slam open, you guys rush in. For a second, there's nothing immediately within your range, and you look up and see an entire array of guards all trained upon you and Trinket. A voice behind them goes, "Loose!" (fshh) (chuckles) What's your armor class? Yep. This is just-- because of the speed everything goes, he gets there before anybody. No worries. All right, that is-- ooh. That is 27 to hit? That is 15 to hit? No. Third one, that is 16 to hit? Nope. That is a 21 to hit? 26 to hit. That's a 22 to hit? 14 to hit? 20 to hit? Then three more. 22 to hit? 12 to hit? And ten to hit. Yeah. MATT AND Six crossbow bolts come at you. That's eight points of piercing damage. Don't halve them yet. We'll add them all up and then we'll halve that. So, eight plus 13. 21. Plus eight again, 29. Plus another nine. 38, plus another 11. So 49, and then another 12. So 61. So you take half that, which would be 31 points of piercing damage on you in one volley of crossbow bolts at you. (shoosh) You protected Trinket, and the rage did descend it a little bit. The pain, as all these bolts are now sticking out of your chest. You look like this front-quilled porcupine. You just take the pain and grin for a second. You have that iron-y taste of blood reach the back of your throat from the immediate impact and it just further intensifies your rage. I'm going to have everyone here roll initiative because you're all acting simultaneously at this point. All righty. 25 to 20? Trinket goes when you go. 23? All right. We have Vax at the top. 20 to 15? All right. All right. 15 to ten? Ten to five? What did you get? Oh, no. Sorry, you're not. To be fair, I asked 25 to 20. (laughs) That's my own fault. That's okay. By the way, guys, both Scanlan and Percy leveled up this last time. So. We have at the top of this combat round, Percy. Am I? I'd better not be. That was weird. I don't know what happened there. Anyway. Battle's still up. There is a door right here at the back of the building that you can see, but the door is currently closed. Okay. You rush to the door. You go to try it, (clicking). The door is locked. You're going to hold your action. Okay. That's fine. Next up is Vax. All right. You go ahead and you rush over (whoosh), pull out your lockpicks. Rain's still pouring down, you have your hood up, the water's dripping past your face as you're trying to concentrate. You get the tools in. It's not a very complicated lock. (click, creak) You push it open, leading you guys into the interior of what looks like a kitchen. 25. As you look inside, it's a cold kitchen. It hasn't been in use for a while. The fire's up, there's a little bit of a slab in the corner where most of the preparations are done, there's a few cabinets that are up. It's dark. There's no lantern. There's a door immediately to your left, and there's, across the way, is an archway opening. There's no actual door there. It's just a walkway that leads into the next room. Yes. Yep. As you glance through, you can see what appears to be... There appears to be a hallway. There's a hallway that goes across the way. There's a door at the end of the hallway, and two doors to the right and left of this hallway. Right here? Oh, over here? You go over there and you try it. (click) It opens up. Opens up into what appears to be a storage room. Series of barrels, small grain sacks in the far corner. It appears that most of the dry storage for the kitchen is kept in this room. Okay. Move you forward to do that, you move in. You do. Okay. You stay behind him as you move in. The door, this one here? (shhh) You slide that one open. It appears to be a bathtub in there. It's a rather nice powder room and bathroom. You can try. I'll say for this round, you can go ahead and open that, look inside for a second, go for this, just really quick checking back and forth. This one, this door actually, it does not appear to open at a push. No, you've already done your move. Yes, you guys are on the base floor. Right, that's your go. So. Bringing us to Count Tylieri's turn. Count Tylieri, who is currently looking over the banister. He kind of steps forward here for a second. Grog, this works for you because you look up and see all the guards there. Tylieri walks up. This rotund-looking, slimy individual, thinning hair, very pale skin, a little bit of facial hair that has never really seemed to grow fully in, but he tries to groom the best he can. Oh, much better. He's wearing fine clothing. He's got rings encrusting his fingers, but he walks with a deftness to the edge of this stairway and looks over and says, "Interesting. I figured "there'd be more of you." (laughs) Of which, you see him leap up onto the ceiling, (pshh) stick to it. And begin to (skittering noise) scatter across. Yep. Yep. He jumps up and spider-crawls across the ceiling, and then drops down. Yeah. With deft acrobatic feats, he leaps across, drops and lands right in front of you. You can see now in his face, as slovenly as it is, there is a look of deathly hunger in his eyes, and fangs bared from under his lips. He is now going to make two melee attacks against you. That's a natural 20 with the claw, and the other one's going to be a 15? I don't think it's going to hit. So he now has these long claws in his hand. The first one (whoosh). It catches you off guard from the sheer weird assault that he's brought to you. (laughs) You take 16 points of slashing damage (whoosh) from the first arc, and he goes up with the second hand and this time you (grunt) pull out of the way. His hand manages to knock some of the bolts free that were jammed in your chest. Half of 16, correct. Because you're raging, so eight on that one. That's his go. And he just grins at you with this hissing sound, licking his fanged lips. That ends his turn. That brings us to Grog. You're up. Okay. War hammer (fwoosh) bursts into flames. Your eyes all of a sudden go into an intense glare as you rear up and go into your frenzied rage. Make your attacks. Do it. 24 hits on the first strike. You only have advantage on the first attack. Yeah, the first one's a reckless strike. Hits, as well. All three hit. That's with the minus five, right? Because of great weapon master, it would be minus five to each attack. All right, so the last one was 15? Last one misses. But the first two do hit. 21 points of damage. That's with the fire, right? Yeah. Third one misses, so 41 points of damage to him with the first two, (whack, whack), the impacts slamming into him. You can see his body get pushed back with each impact. He's still taking it and grinning at you, but he's also seemingly surprised by the ferocity of the strikes. Is that your turn? Are you going to move? Okay. He's going to use one of his legendary actions to, at the end of your turn, reach out and attack you again. That's going to be a 23 to hit? Instead of attacking, he's going to grapple you. So his claw goes up and actually (fwoosh) reaches into your throat, and you can feel the claws digging into the flesh. It's a very, very firm grip and he has you right where he wants you. That's that action there. All right, that brings us to the guards. The guards all reload their crossbow bolts, move in. These three now see the bear in the back and they're going to fire on Trinket. These seven are all going to fire on Grog, now that he's held there. So the three against Trinket. That's going to be a 16? That's going to be a 20? And a 22. So Trinket takes six points of piercing damage and 11 points of piercing damage. Total of 17 points of damage to Trinket as two bolts (shink, shink). One of them bounces off the armor. One actually sticks and Trinket, (growls) but it's not enough to really cause much of a worry. The other seven against you, Grog. Natural 20. Natural one. That's not going to hit, that's a natural five. 18? Natural one. That's a 19, that hits. A 19 naturally, so it's 27. One more. That's 18 to hit. Oh, these all have advantage on you because you did a reckless attack. So the one that would have missed is a natural 20. That does hit. Natural 20 again. I'm rolling for all the ones that would have missed. Yeah. Reckless attack. They all hit you, three of which are crits. First crit is 19 points of piercing damage. The second crit is going to be nine points of piercing damage. Last one is going to be another nine points of piercing damage. Actually, that would be 15 total because that was a crit. So the three crits are out of the way. 15 on the last one, yeah. And so those are the three crits. There you go, so that's that. And the next ones are 11. Another 11. Ten. And seven. So you take another 39 points of piercing damage after that. One of them, yeah. Okay, so we'll say you reduce one of the crits from 16. The first one, take 15 points off that because I think one of the crits was 15. We'll say you used it on that one. That's 39 points of piercing damage, reduced by half. That will put you at 18. We'll say you take 18 points of piercing damage from those four non-crits. So yeah. That ends the guards' volley. That brings us to Vex. You're up. Yes. And Trinket. Both. Okay. Are you going to dash? Because you can move, you can double move, using your action to move, if you want. Yeah. Unless you want to use your action to yell out for Trinket to attack, in which case, you can give Trinket a round of combat. Okay. Correct. Yep. Correct. Okay, so he's going to move this way and then cannonball forward? Okay. Trinket moves off to the side. (thudding footsteps) Gets a couple of running starts, and then rolls into a roly-poly style forward. All right, so make one attack against him. Your attack bonus for Trinket. Yes, plus eight just for the attack. 15 does not hit, unfortunately. So Trinket rolls past. He dodges out of the way, gets an attack of opportunity on him because he wasn't hit as part of the attack. That's a 27 to hit. Trinket takes seven plus three, ten points of slashing damage as he streaks by. Seeing the bear coming at him too soon and managing to both pull out of the way and use that to his advantage. Technically, yes. He's just grappling with one hand and just dodges out of the way, moves over and slashes with the other hand. I know you, man. It's okay. (laughter) Okay. I'll let you do that because this is your full round to do that. Usually you would choose to cannonball-- But because you aren't part of this combat fray and you're giving all of your round to him, I'll let you do it, sure. Trinket comes out of the roll, turns around (roars) and strikes with the claw, swiping-- Oh, bite him? Okay. That hits. 11 points of damage as Trinket latches onto the back of his shoulder (growls) and pulls and tugs at him, trying to get him loose from Grog's grip. Not strong enough to do so, but he nevertheless takes the damage and (snarls) hisses back at the bear clutched onto his shoulder. Cool. That ends your turn. Keyleth, you're up. At this point? Make a perception check. It's a heavy storm. 12? Currently, in the storm, you're just not able to really make up any visual in the distance right now, no. You do not know if there is any fire going on or any signal, at this point. Over here? Yeah, there's a window there, window there, window there. Oh, back here? This side, there are no other windows. It is completely closed off. Nope, there's just the one entry there that everyone else went in through. This is a storage closet that was already checked by Vax, who walked past it. You don't, no. No one's moved all the way in to see, and it's not very well-lit in there, currently. No, because you guys approached from that side. You saw windows, but it was fairly dark. You saw a little bit of light moving through some of the windows on the second story, but nothing down here that really caught your attention. Not yet. There is a door at the end of this hallway, but nobody's gotten to try it yet. You could push past your party and continue to move down the hallway, if you want. What are you going to do? You came inside. Not going to retcon it. I'm just saying! You can't get halfway in there and be like, "Wait, this didn't happen." The one across the way? Okay. You push past everyone. You push on the door. It opens up and reveals a long dining room, a big, thick dining room table, a double window across the way. This is the house's dining room. There are two double doors across the way that lead into what you think is the foyer, in which Grog and Trinket currently stormed through. And you can hear, muffled through the door in the distance, the sound of combat and impact and people shouting to each other. I'll say you can get that far, and you can just crest and look out the window if you want to. From this point, you've already checked once. You're just getting in there. You won't be able to really see from here. That brings us to the top. Percy, you're up. You make a little bit of a calling noise. You hear nothing back. You fear you might be just out of range for it. Okay. You can get to there. You're just at the edge of it. Do you want to try and knock it open? You can try to. You reach out. (creak) It opens up and you can see now, a light comes pouring through from the foyer, and you can hear much louder now, the sound of combat, and Grog chuckling, and swings and impacts. You can see a couple of crossbow bolts go (boof) and scatter across the ground. Correct. What are you doing? What are you doing? Do your thing, Percy. Do your thing. What are you doing? Okay. Where do you want to get on this side? Right there? Okay, so you just swing around (fwwwt) to the inside. You look up and immediately you see this curved banister and a whole row of guards up top with heavy crossbows. In the center, you can see some blur as Grog, Trinket, and some individual are in the middle of this tussle. The individual currently has Grog grasped by the throat. Which one? Right there? Okay. Okay, so you swing around the corner and look up at the one guard. As you concentrate for a second, bringing your gun up, your eyes begin to go black again, the smoke pouring out from the corner of it. Smoke begins to pour out of the midsection of the guard, who looks confused for a second, and it swirls around him as part of the Hex that has him marked, as you release your next three blasts. Okay. Ten misses. First shot just (ricochet noise) goes wide, blasting a chunk out of the upstairs hallway. 11 also goes wide. This time (ricochet noise) blasting part of the banister in front. The guard dodges out of the way as the wood splinters past him. That's the Percy we know. (laughs) All dice gets doubled, and then you add the modifier. Not the modifier, no. Correct. Double the die. It's faster. 42 points of damage? And four of that was fire damage? Okay. As you look up, (doosh) the first two shots fire and go wide. The third one, (explosion noise) just explodes and in a blast of black smoke, the guard's head is no longer across his shoulders. (cheering) Ability checks. So the smoke (whoosh) pours off the body and coalesces around the next guard to his right. All right, that ends your turn. Vax. Do an acrobatics check. You (shhht) slide to there. At double movement? Slide will give you movement. Yeah, you can get next to him. Okay, so right there? Okay. Yeah, you can get up there. Correct. More daggers! Whatcha doing? 19 hits. Hits. All three hit. Go ahead and roll damage. Sneak attack on the first one. Seven. Okay, gotcha. So you (fwoosh) dart in a blur of darkness. You come swinging up. You can see Tylieri is currently grasping Grog. Out of the corner of his eye, just sees the movement and looks over curiously as the blade is immediately in his side. (pained scream) And now you can see the jowls shake from the impact of the dagger blow, and he looks down angrily at you, fangs bared as the two other attacks hit his side. At the end of your turn, he uses two of his legendary actions-- I know. To look at you, reach up with the throat that he's grasped, and sink his fangs directly into your throat, Grog. Not in this moment. You have a big neck. Very big neck, and a very tiny collar. (laughs) That will be a 20 to hit? All righty. So you take nine points of piercing damage. That is halved. Yeah. So say five, round up. However, you do take 14 points of necrotic damage. That is not reduced. But your maximum hit points are now reduced by 14. As you feel that same similar cold feeling as the life blood's being drained out of your body and you see his eyes cresting at you with this wild glare. That ends your turn, Vax? It is now his turn. Yeah, now he's taking his turn. He's now going to go ahead and make another bite attack on you again. As he pulls back and reaches his forearm and grabs the other side of your throat, going for the other side of the jugular. That's a natural one, though. (cheering) However, he does have advantage on you because you used your reckless strike. It was a one on the first attack, yeah. It's until your next turn. Attacks against you get advantage. I'll read it for you right now. It's a cool ability when you're not the only tank in the room. Yeah, but attack rolls against you have advantage until your next turn. Doing so gives you advantage on melee weapon attack rolls using strength during this turn. So yes, I apologize. It does give you advantage on all of your attacks. I misread that. That's okay. Yeah, it's fine. But going forward, good to know. So it does give you advantage on all of your attacks. It's the first attack is the one that confused me on the way it was worded. Sorry, folks. I know better now. But for that, I say the one stands as retribution for me forgetting the rule. (cheering) He pulls away, releases you-- no, doesn't release you. As he's holding you there, he's going to go ahead and make a claw strike across your face. Two and, oh. That'll be a 19. He does hit? Okay. You take eight points of slashing damage, reduced to four because of your rage. That ends his turn. Grog, you're up now. You're still grappled, yeah. Okay, so you use your action to try and break the grapple. So athletics roll of? Yeah, you (boof) just shove him off without a problem. You still have your bonus action to strike, if you like. Not as a bonus action, unfortunately. It's an action to do that. One strike, yeah. 21 does hit, yeah. 22 damage. All right. (whack) And you're watching, as he does all these actions, you see his body begin to reform and the wounds beginning to heal themselves in the vampiric manner. But as soon as that wound begins to sew up, you take your hammer and (boof) slam it into him again, reopening, and you can see now parts of his muscles are exposed, a deep purplish color, this very unnatural interior to his flesh. You can see it burn as the flames cauterize the edges of the wound. Awesome. Does that finish your turn? Do you want to move at all? Trinket is currently flanking the guy. Okay, that brings us to the guards' turn. They all reload their crossbows. These four are now going to make shots at you, Percy. These three are going to take shots-- all five of these guys are going to take shots at Grog now. They're trying to take you down so they can move onto the next target. So four shots on you, Percy. That is 20? 18? 20? And 11. Okay, so you take from three heavy crossbow bolts at you. Seven, 19, 32 points of piercing damage. All three bolts stick into your chest. They're big, long, thick, heavy crossbow bolts. One of them gleans off your shoulder and catches the edge of the wall, but the other two have actually sunk into your torso and are sticking out of you. The other five against you, Grog. Since you did not do reckless strike last time, they are not with advantage. That is 19? 12? Oh, that's a 25. That is a 19? Last one is a 24. Yep. That's 11 plus seven. 18. Plus eight. 25. Plus 13. So 39. 18. 18 points of piercing damage again. Bolts are sticking out of your body all over. You almost have additional armor from the number of bolts that are on your body, but you're still standing there, frothing at the mouth, angry, just like, "Come at me!" That ends the guards' turn. They all reload their bolts and pull their crossbows up. Vex, you're up. With a dash, you can, yeah. Unfortunately, no. Okay. Go ahead. Two attacks from Trinket. Oh, yeah, that hits him. LAURA and All right, so damage on the first strike? The dice doubles, yeah. So a total of 23 damage? All right. 24 damage. How does Trinket want to do this? (cheering) Okay. So as Trinket reaches down, (whoosh) arcing both claws across his back, Tylieri is dropped to his hands and knees, looks up as Trinket then puts his jaws down over the head and lifts up. As you see the flesh begin to tear on his body, he screams out in pain as the body (fluttering sound) turns to mist. The mist is there, yeah. There's a clump of mist where he once was. There's still some thick, purplish, congealed blood in his mouth, but the vampire's form has been forced to mist at zero hit points. All right, that brings us to Keyleth. Acrobatics check. It's not a huge difficulty. 17, yeah. You jump up (shh) slide across, land across. The bonus there is that it takes only one block of movement to get across. That's five foot there. No, you just see Grog, Vax, and Trinket in the center of this foyer, with a big cloud of mist near Trinket and Grog, and an entire array of guards with heavy crossbows trained down on the three of them in this ambush pit. I would say... make an intelligence check. Yeah. 17. Okay. I'd say, given the circumstance right now, just rushing in and seeing mist there and people with things, you have no idea that's a vampire, you have no reason to believe that's a vampire, you just know that right now there is-- I'm just being honest here! You walk in the room and there's a little bit of mist on the ground and there's a bunch of guards up there. It looks like there's a threat of a bunch of guards in the room. (laughs) Grog, in the middle of a frenzied rage, would not have that-- Keyleth, take your turn. No more metagaming. Take your turn. What do you want to do? It only makes sense. I'm just saying. That you wouldn't know that that little bit of mist on the ground there is a vampire. There's no way that Keyleth would know that based on the way you-- Yeah, you just missed it. It's just a mist. And there's black smoke around one of the guards up there. Okay. All righty. Let's see. (laughs) This should actually be pretty interesting. All right. All right, so. You put a Wind Wall up (fwoosh) in this area. You can see the mist dissipates for a second and holds its place. However, this Wind Wall is now currently held up in this area. That's your action. Here? Right at this area? Okay. So there's just wind rushing up around. You can see the tapestries on the walls are flickering around. There's a little bit of crackling through. You're right at the cusp of the distance on these communicators. Scanlan, you hear bits and pieces. At this point in time right now, you're-- You're hearing crackling in your ear, but you're still on the roof doing the chaos, so you haven't heard anything really coming through, at this point. You're going to stay right there? Yeah, you're trust-falling off the roof. Okay, just concentrating on the Wind Wall. That brings us up to Percy. Go for it. 15? Just misses. It hits the armor and it (ricochet noise) ricochets off. The Wind Wall itself is not a full circle, it's just a semi-circle. It's currently overlapped with it, yeah. 22 to hit? Hits. All righty. And you have your third attack. That hits, as well. 13 total. Okay. So (doosh) the last two blasts hit him, and you can see, he almost gets thrown off his feet from the impact. There's now blood trickling out from under his helmet from where one of the blasts got his chin. One into his chest. He's still standing up, barely, and he's still confused by this smoke that's swirling around him. Are you going to stay where you are? Right there? Up the stairs. Okay. Just ominously stepping up the stairway. I like it. That brings us to Vax. Okay. He's up above the banister, so you probably have to-- No, the idea is the banister rides up and there's a wall along it, and then they're all up on the second floor here looking down at this. You could leap up. Make an acrobatics check to leap up and over the banister. Yeah, you jump, grab it, flip over, land on the balcony next to the guy enveloped in smoke. Go for it. No, it's part of your movement. 22 hits. First two hit. All right. As you rush up, the guard looking at you, confused, the smoke swirling around him. (stabbing sounds) As the first two daggers stab in, the second one actually finds between his ribs up to where his heart is, and you see him gasp for a second as he crumples beneath your grip, and you slide the blade out as he crumples to the ground. (laughs) That is the dead button. All right. That ends your turn. Tylieri-- All right, the mist pushes past. He's going to use some action to move. However, as part of that, then Trinket is also in the Wind Wall, as well, just as a note. So Trinket will be taking bludgeoning damage for being within it. So just as a heads-up. In fact, right now, have Trinket make a strength saving throw. Okay. Trinket takes 3d8 bludgeoning damage. Go ahead and roll 3d8. Yeah. I thought you were capturing him inside. I didn't realize you had it actually on him, and so having the Wind Wall on him to prevent him from moving would also have Trinket in it, yeah. All right, so that will make it actually more here. So Tylieri cannot break through. Tylieri stays there in mist form, being caught in the whirlwind. Grog, you're up. Yep. All right, yeah. You can get up to there, and you're just within reach to get one guy over the banister, probably. That hits. More attacks? All of them. That was just your movement. Your barbarian 40 feet of crazy movement. Yep. 12 does not hit. (laughs) The first two hit. All right, 17 damage. Nice. All right, so (whack) the hammer comes streaking down, slamming into the guard there. His crossbow shatters from the impact and the flames begin to lick up the front of his body. The second slam smacks him again. This time, you hear the armor ring out from the metal-on-metal impact. He kind of shakes from it. The third time you're just in the middle of this series of swinging and he backs up, and you end up smashing the banister instead of him, the hammer cracking part of the ground on the second floor. He looks pretty messed up from that series of attacks. All right, that ends your turn, Grog. It's now the guards' turn. This guard's going to move over here. They're all like, "Oh god." These three here are going to attempt to fire on Trinket through the Wind Wall. These two are going to fire at you, Grog, and these two are going to longsword you. They pull out their longswords. This one's going to turn with his crossbow and fire at you, Vax. So first is the attack at you with the crossbow. That is a 20? You take-- ooh, that's a ten-- 13 points of piercing damage as the bolt strikes you right in the chest, cracking your sternum a little bit. You're like, (groans) that's going to suck. You feel the scraping of the bone as it impacts. The two with the longswords against you, Grog. That is 18? That is a 12. Both of the blades come at you. One of them actually hits your shoulder, but it just sticks an inch into the flesh, and you just flex and the blade pops out. The second one swings out and you duck your head out of the way and it (whoosh) goes long and you just grin through the anger. That's awesome. Then these two are going to fire crossbows at you, Grog. That is going to be a 15? And a 23. Another ten. 13 points of piercing damage. Half that to seven, yeah. And then now the three aiming at Trinket. They all have disadvantage, I believe? Nothing can shoot through it at all? At all?! Yeah, they automatically miss. They all three fire through. All bolts just (shhh) get scattered across the room. Wind Wall. That's awesome. 50 feet long, 15 feet high. So it doesn't go all the way to the ceiling. In fact, it gets just a little bit past the second floor, so it's about the height of the guys on the second platform. That ends their turn. Vex, you're up. Okay. He goes to the front door. All right. Interesting. Okay. Yeah, which at this short distance, is not a lot of strength to get the lob. But if you're shooting up this way? The Wind Wall itself only really encompasses the bottom of the foyer, so if you go up the stairs a little bit, you will be able to get these guys here. Yeah. Yeah, you're going to hit all of them. Yep. They should have a saving throw, I believe, right? Everyone make a dexterity saving throw. Or at least you two. One guy makes the saving throw. You all succeed. One of the villains makes it, and they both make it. Is it half-damage, right? That's what I'm saying. This guy made it, these two didn't. Are you doing it from this perspective? These will go through the Wind Wall, so the Wind Wall itself will prevent it from getting to either. This guy will probably be hit, actually. He fails. So yeah, these guys are unaffected because the Wind Wall prevents the barrage from that point. So just go ahead and roll damage. Correct. 16 damage? All right, so it's half that for saves, right? All right, so eight damage, four damage. Okay. (laughs) They're all pretty standard. There's one dude over here that appears to be commanding them. Okay, you Hunter's Mark him. All righty. He is Hunter's Marked. All righty. By the way, the guy that Grog had slammed? The barrage (arrow impact) riddles him with arrows and he falls over and is like (gasps) and crumples to the ground. The last bit of health that he had. Vex, that's the end of your turn. Keyleth, you're up. All right, and then what are you doing? Okay. Be warned treading thin ice with metagaming with your DM going forward, but yes. You have now heard it from Percy. I know. That's fine. This counts, it's fine. You heard Percy say, "Vampire!" TALIESIN AND Okay. Okay. Yeah, that will be considered direct sunlight. As you release the Wind Wall, the mist immediately begins to push its way this way out of the room. However, you catch it, your eyes glow, and as you release your hand forward, a blast of pure sun energy shoots forth from your hands. You see it burning the back wall like a big, thick laser, and as the mist tries to escape, you catch up to it, and you hear this faint, echoing, screeching cry as the mist immediately is evaporated on impact. (explosion noise) You can fill a pocket with ash, if you like. All righty. Percy, you're up. There you go. Sure. 1d8. It's a plus-one rapier, so it's 1d8 plus your dexterity modifier, plus one, so it would be plus seven for you. Right there? All right. One, two, three, four, five. At that height you're going to have to leap up onto the second floor to get to him. Yeah, so go ahead and make an acrobatics check, if you want. Okay, so there? Walk up the stairs. Go for it. Hits. Hits. Okay. Go ahead and roll damage. So there you go. So your third attack is to reload. Okay. 16. All righty. (gunshot) He is blasted out of place. You can see there's a gaping hole across where one of his lungs was located, and he (groans) crumples to the ground into a pile. All righty. You use a bonus action to re-curse him, by the way. That's right, you do. Technically, you used the bonus action this turn to put it onto him from the last turn. You're probably going to do it on your next turn, anyway, so we'll just leave it there. It's fine. But keep that in mind, as this is a new ability. Gesundheit. LAURA and All right. Vax, you're up. Yep. 14 misses. You are flanking him, though. You have advantage on the attack. That hits. I was like, "Where's that? That's the whole point of this." (explosion noise) Yeah, the daggers cut through his midsection, and you see where the armor plating itself was exposed from the first strike. The last one you just jam up into his torso, taking out any major organs. (groans) He falls over (thudding) down the stairs, past you, Percy. You let him tumble by as he slides to a stop at the very bottom of the stairs. Okay, Vex stops him in place, face-down. There's a smear of his blood across the steps. This once-nice, fine wood is now completely coated in crimson. (laughs) Okay. Grog, you're up. Yeah. There are five nervous-looking guards right now. That ends your turn. It is now the guards' turn. They all... They look to each other, and their one leader goes like, "Men, run!" They all rush and leap off the balcony, try and catch themselves there. Okay. Three of them land fine and begin bolting forward. Two of them fall. One of them (cracking noise) breaks his ankle and falls to the ground going (scream). The other one slams into his hip on the ground and falls prone. These guys are prone. These three continue to move forward to there. They're going for a full dash. Against one of them. He can only take one reaction per turn. They all rush out. All righty. 27 hits. Go ahead and roll damage. 11 points of damage. Across that guy. Okay. Trinket reaches out and strikes across one of the guys, the guy you Hunter's Marked, who takes the claw across the side of his head, and you hear him yell out in pain, (scream) as he makes it out into the rain. Hurt, but not taken down. He continues to run past, and they all dart outside into the rainstorm. (laughs) Okay, Grog. Okay, make an athletics check for the jump. I'll give you advantage on this because you're raging and it's reckless and it's just funnier. TRAVIS and 24, yeah. You leap in the air (whoosh) like slow-motion (whoosh, explosion) down on top. Go ahead and roll three attacks on him. Roll damage on those. 29 on the first one? Okay. So as you come down, the hammer blow slams into his torso, his actual metal armor crinks inward, and he goes, (screams) gasping in pain, as you've now jammed his own ribs into his internal organs. As you pull the hammer up with a sludgy, sucking sound you see him look at you with this look of, "No!" and the hammer comes down again. This time on top of his head, which, Gallagher watermelon, just (boosh) across the floor of this. Done, you look over at his friend, who is like, (gasps) trying to back up with his broken ankle. With your third attack, he's within your range. With advantage. Roll advantage just in case it's a critical. Okay, there you go. That hits. Even if you don't need the advantage, it's nice to roll a second time in case because there's a chance of a natural 20. 30 points of damage on him. (whack) This one you actually bring down onto his other leg. That leg snaps. He's on his back and he's trying to pull away from you. Right on the knee? (crack) It snaps underneath and he screams out in pain as the hammer pulls back. You can see where the bone is jutting out. You've actually taken off the lower half of his leg from the sheer bludgeoning force, and he's now bleeding out onto the ground a little bit. Not as much as he would be, because the flame cauterized the impact from the hammer. He is in a really, really bad place. All righty. Vex, you're up. They're just out the front of the doors. (giggles) Timing is everything. Yeah, that would hit all three. All right, you pull out your arrow. You aim it close. You can see the rain pouring down and they're all running out into the storm. You're like, "Storm, that's interesting." And you release. Against the guy you've Hunter's Marked? Yeah, that'll hit. Yep. Okay. This guy fails. What's the DC on it? It should be at the top of your spell sheet. 15? Okay, second guy fails. Guy who's Hunter's Marked does succeed, so he takes half damage on it. Okay. The guy that Trinket swiped just screams (pained scream) as you can see the electricity charging through him, and the wet rain that hit him has caused it to even give more-- Did he? Okay. Then I'll give you that. So the guy who is Hunter's Marked ends up destroyed, the electricity bouncing through his armor. He goes, (moan) and falls to the ground and crumples over. The other two guys get jolted and almost knocked off their feet. They're both looking really, really rough, and they both look at each other (panting) and just keep running with what little strength they have left. You still have a second attack, don't you? Go for it. Oh, he's not going anywhere. No, it's a bonus action to cast it. (zoomf) Next arrow nocked. 19 hits. Go ahead and roll damage. 13 points of damage. (zoomf) That guy is, through the back of the head, (zoomf, groan) and just slides through the mud for another two feet. Make an intimidation check. LIAM and Watching his friend fall and slide in the mud, he stops where he stands and looks over his shoulder, slowly turning around, shaking. Okay. Next up is Keyleth. Are you going to do anything? He's currently standing about ten feet outside in the rain, just (shaky breathing). Actually, no. There is no window to the front here. It's just a wall. You're going to Sunbeam? (laughs) Okay. What level is Sunbeam? What level is Sunbeam? How many 6th-level spells per day can you cast? Oh, that's right! You can do it for up to a minute. Good call. All right, so constitution save on him. (laughs) No. Do damage. 12. As he's standing in the rain, shaking, and looking at his friend, and looking at you, Keyleth steps into frame and goes, (boom). And before he can go, "Wait!" and there's just this scattering of ash that was once was his body. His armor is left intact and just tumbles to the ground in this pile. You see smoke sizzling off the now-heated armor. There's no sign of his physical body anymore, just a smattering of mud that the ash has now mixed with in the rain outside. Melt with prejudice, okay. Now as you guys are all gathering around, we'll say from a roleplaying standpoint, as there is no real immediate threat to you; there is one guard left, who has currently one broken ankle and one missing lower half of his left leg, on the ground, looking at you all, hyperventilating and trying to back away, like (panting). Make a perception check. 17? You can see a little bit of a dark stream in the distance. You can't tell if it's a nearby chimney or if it is the symbol of Scanlan. The rainstorm does make it a little hard to see, at this point, and through the adrenaline pumping in your system, and the fact that you just disintegrated two individuals in a short period of time. You're also wrestling with the morality of that and dealing with what you just did, so your concentration doesn't enable you to notice anything yet. Okay. (panting) "What do you want?" He looks around at the rest of the group, sees you walk up the stairs. (panting) "They're in "the bloody castle, where else would they be?" "I don't know. I don't know. They spend equal parts in both, as far as I know." "No." "All of us who were here, we were waiting for you." The black smoke, you mean? Oh, yeah. The black smoke is slowly trailing behind you. With each step you take, it licks the back of your boots. Go ahead and make an intimidation check. With advantage because he has-- SAM and He's bleeding out right now. Wait, no, he's not bleeding out. He's bleeding, but it's a trickle because of the cauterization. 21. He gives you a look and says, "Look. We've all been working for the Briarwoods. They "mean well. They have big plans, I know that. I don't know the details of it. They don't tell us. "But we're keeping guard on them. We were supposed to stop this insurrection. These people. We "rounded up folks. We were given basic descriptions and we hung people against the Sun Tree as a "warning. We hoped it wouldn't come to any sort of conflict, that you would take that as a means that "you weren't supposed to be here. But then we all saw what happened. What happened to Sir Kerrion "and his house, and that meant that you were here and that you meant business, so Tylieri and "Vedmeyer, we waited for a signal. And we heard that you were planning an attack, so we set up "guards here and prepared, and sure enough, you showed up. Which let us know that our contacts are "good, and we thought that would be enough. We didn't realize you'd be walking in with whatever "the fuck this thing is. I don't even know what you are." And he looks genuinely frightened at the fact that you, with all of these bolts sticking out of your body, are still grinning above him. "Nothing should have survived that ambush." "Yeah, as a warning." (extended choking sounds) With a wet gurgle, the life expires from his body, a pool beginning to form on the tile below him. Yes. (laughs) You begin rummaging through the body. You're keeping an eye out. Make another perception check. Okay. Go for it. Roll insight. Ten? What's your charisma modifier? Okay. He's hard to read right now. His focus is divided amongst your intensity and trying to answer your question. The pause in his throat isn't because he's thinking, it's because he grasps the words to describe it, but there is a quiver to it, and you can see his hands are still shaking a little bit. And as you look down at his hands, you can also see the smoke is still slowly swirling his ankle.