Hello everyone and welcome to Critical Role an online show on Twitch where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors roll dice and play Dungeons and Dragons. My name is Matthew Mercer. I'm the Dungeon Master. For returning fans, welcome, and for new folks, prepare. A couple of fun things to announce first things first, unfortunately we are down a Percy this evening. Our buddy Taliesin picked up a con plague in Alaska this past weekend. He had a great time, but came back very ill and has been trying to get better, and is unable to make the game tonight. Which makes the current storyline a little interesting, but we'll work it out. It's fine. No Mercy Percy is going to have some business he's attending to. Thank the Critters for that. That's an awesome hashtag! So Taliesin, I hope you feel better. We miss you. Next week we continue that arc. Let's see, first and foremost, still every 100 subs we get on the channel we have a giveaway to someone who's active in the chatroom. The winner of that giveaway gets a signed picture of the cast of Critical Role, as well as a signed poster by our amazing artist Kit Buss, who was with us for our last session. Those are both given away to whoever wins that, so keep those subs going. Also, there is currently going around a hashtag No Shave 'Til 10k. A number of people on the stream are a part of that. All sexes can compete and be a part of this, too. No Shave 'Til 10k. If you want to be a part of that, go ahead and tweet that out. Get that hashtag going and I'll see if I can convince Marisha to let me do that. We'll see. At the very least, for my Halloween costume. All right, so other cool things to talk about all of tonight's donations are going towards the Extra Life charity. The Extra Life charity is a drive that's part of the Children's Miracle Network Hospitals. A lot of great people in the community have been supporting this and we're supporting that tonight. So any donations tonight will go to Extra Life. Also over the next two days, we will also be streaming here at Geek and Sundry doing a lot of other charity events for the Extra Life charity drive, including a small DND game-- some of us-- on Saturday evening with the Vox Moronica crew. So that should be fun. Come check that out! Oh, Dungeons and Dragons, the official Wizards of the Coast folks are also doing their Extra Life stream over the next 48 hours. They're just going to be doing live DND streams as well. So starting tomorrow at noon through Sunday at noon, just constant DND on the Wizards of the Coast stream as well. And all of that is going to be raising money for Extra Life. So you'll have a lot of things to keep you busy this weekend essentially. So there's that. Also, we have New York Comic Con coming up in just a couple of weeks. Excited about that, for all you guys. We have panels on Saturday. Do we have times for those yet? Yeah, between 100 and 400. We have about an hour panel in there somewhere and then probably two hours of signings at the event on Saturday. So 100 and 400! Leave that period of time open. Hang out. Exactly! And then on Sunday, outside of the convention, because we know a lot of the badges were snatched up before this announcement even happened and a lot of the Critters aren't able to make it to the actual con. On Sunday, we're looking around midday. We don't have a time or location determined yet, but that will be up on Twitter soon. It's going to happen. We're going to have an offsite Critter meetup. Where we're going to all be able to be there, hang out with you guys and catch up, sign stuff, say hi, and have a good time. So watch Twitter. If you don't follow us on Twitter, do it, because we'll have those announcements coming up very soon. So excited about that. Liam, you wanted to announce-- Yeah! Thank you, Liam. Orion, you wanted to say something real fast as well. The Tiberius robe you always knew-- or didn't know you wanted. We'll find many cool excuses to have that robe be displayed and utilized in many ways. I'm pretty sure he hasn't taken it off since he got it. Awesome! Anybody else have any other announcements before we get this party started? Travis likes cheese, ladies and gentlemen. I think so. It was very informative. Thank you, Travis. All right, then. Without further ado, let's go ahead and cut to the intro and then we'll jump right into the next episode of Critical Role. [dramatic music] I didn't notice the shirt until now. So yeah, the party rushed out to his aid. Much violence ensued. The Briarwoods eventually escaped through some sort of magical means that was not uncovered. However, they are no longer in the picture. The party was left with a destroyed carriage, a young carriage driver who had his hand shot off by Percy, and was then told to the guards to haul off and bring to their keep to throw into their cell for further questioning. Uriel was eventually drawn out and confused by the sudden chaos and vehemently requested that Vox Machina return the next morning to go over what has transpired. After which, the party during this event had encountered a tiefling by the name of Lillith, who was masquerading as one of the servants within the palace of Tal'Dorei. Aided them in the battle and revealed that she was being hunted by her sisters in a distant land and revealing herself here essentially opened up her physical presence to be pinpointed and then immediately sought and hunted by whoever was after her. The party then brought her back to the keep. They were on the way back before they were encountered by this bounty hunter and a small team of individuals that were coming with him to seek down, capture Lillith, and bring her back to her sisters. The party then defended her in this circumstance, brutally murdering one of them. Sorry, brutally murdering two of them. One of which was then raised and sent off as a present to the sisters by Lillith. One was salvaged, not given an honorable death, and sent to find his way somewhere northwest of Emon. Possibly towards Vasselheim or wherever else he may find his adventure. They then gave Lillith the opportunity to come stay the night to rest in the keep and they all made their way back to Greyskull Keep for the evening. And that was where we left off. So as the evening progresses you all manage to get your rest and gather your thoughts over the rather stressful experience you had the previous evening within the palace. The next morning comes around. You all come to consciousness. Breakfast is prepared by the servants of the keep. As you all wake up, start getting your meals and gathering what you want to do for the day, two individuals have not come down for their meal. Lillith and Percy. You wake up, realizing that the morning has transpired. You reach up and grab. And what you guys notice as he comes up is there is a dark charcoal smear across one side of his face where facial hair would once be, to match the other side that is currently beautiful quaff and shining in the dapples of morning light that come through the keep window. The color's a little off, but it looks better than not having it. All right. You head to the guest room. You have one guest room upstairs that was among the rest of the rooms that you guys had constructed. You knock on the door. A moment passes. No response. You knock a second time and the door (creaks) opens a little bit. It has not really been locked or closed. You peek in and look. Roll a-- no, I'm kidding. (laughter) Already off! No. As you peek into the room, the lights are dimmed. What little bit of candles are in there are already down. Glancing in, the sheets are clean and set, the bed's been made, and there is a small piece of parchment that is folded on the edge of the bed. Read it? It reads, "Vox Machina, thank you all for your hospitality and protection through "this past evening. I would stay, but the longer I remain, the more danger I am in, and as such, put "all of you in as well. I shall travel across the Ozmit Sea to seek the guidance of my cousin Zahra, "in hopes of finally getting out from under my sisters' baneful gaze. Nevertheless, I wish you "all the finest of journeys, and I hope we meet again soon. Lillith." You run up and Percy's room is-- the door is already partially ajar. It bursts open. (wham) Slams on the side of the door, looking in the room. He's not there, is the first thing you notice. However, what you do see are a series of different books of sketches and designs and half-concocted blueprints for different things are crumpled and torn across the room. The bedsheets are thrown off the bed. It looks like the room has been continuously tossed through some sort of frenzied action, either seeking something or just out of emotional frustration. This room is left in far more disarray than you're used to seeing true to Percy's character. Yeah. You head down to the basement area, and to the right is the cell, to the left is the workshop. The workshop door is currently closed. There is a small slider eye vent where you can peek through. You can if you leap hard enough and catch it on the edge. Okay. Looking inside, you can see, the forge is aglow. You hear the tangs of metal being hammered against the anvil, and you can see the form of Percy framed against the backlighting of the forge. He's feverishly working away on some sort of project. At which point a voice rings out from across the room Percy unmoving, still continuing his work, shouts over his shoulder, "Please, leave me be. I have a lot to think about right now." "I'm fine. Thank you. Really. I need some time." He stops his banging, walks over and scribbles something on a paper, then goes back to banging. "Noted." (clanging) "Yes. Yes, it does, Grog. Good boy." For? To follow. Okay. You gather, based on the recent intensity of trying to teach things to Lockheed over the past week. You succeed in a few. There is a bit of balking frustration that perhaps you've overstepped a little bit, and Lockheed feels maybe there's less of a friendship here more than a real master-servant relationship, at least in this moment, and does not seem to be receptive to your attempt. At this point, it's probably pushing on 11 am, close to noon. Tiberius, what did you say you were doing down there? What did you say you were doing down in your laboratory? Your which one? Your backstory is? Well, there's a noble and there's a sage. Okay. Gotcha. That's good to know. All right. Okay. So the sigil is there for you. All right. And so as the sage-- All right. Okay. So yeah. Not difficult to research. There are a number of books. They're older books and things that were installed as part of the construction of this laboratory for you, and information that you have gathered since. There are various bestiaries and gatherings of information about the dangerous denizens in the countryside around you, and it is a very dangerous place outside of the few points of civilized society that has built up its own defenses. Throughout the evening and the morning, you've managed to find eventually a piece that talks about various undead entities and the process of undeath, and necromantic magics that have been perverted throughout the generations to defy the natural cycle of life. You do come across an entry about vampirism. It is extremely rare and was largely thought abolished close to 200 years ago. There are very rare whispers of any sort of cases out there, and usually as soon as something comes to any sort of public knowledge, large mobs gather and whoever was infected with this horrible state was hunted down and killed. What you do learn from this is religious symbology, while classically thought to have an effect on people afflicted with vampirism, actually has no effect. It's more of a superstition, but does not actually have any negative impact on the individual. However, certain things that do render a vampire easier to destroy the presence of sunlight. Anything that counts as sunlight can damage them progressively the longer they're in it, prevent them from restoring their health, and ultimately destroy them and turn them to ash, should they be brought to the brink of death in the presence of sunlight. Also, very quickly and consistently rushing water. Being held into a rushing stream or under a waterfall would have a similar effect to sunlight. You do also know the stake in the heart is also considered to be a way to destroy them. It does not actually destroy them, but it does render them paralyzed and has to be done when they're in their resting place, within their coffin and/or the dirt that is considered their resting location. Usually that is the beginning step to find and locate where the vampire is resting, stake in the heart, and then carry the body to sunlight or rushing water. And that's how they're permanently destroyed. You also find out that if a vampire is thought to be killed under any other circumstances, the body turns to mist and is nigh invulnerable and eventually finds its way back to wherever they've hidden their resting place to recover within a very short period of time, making them extremely dangerous, unless you have the right situation, the right conditions, to bring them to that point. So that information is now at your disposal. Okay. So as you guys have gathered the time and what you might be, going forward, doing for the rest of the day, Tiberius comes upstairs with a bit of a smile and an air of confidence. Feywild. Close. Researcher. You guys gather and make your way into the city of Emon proper. The scars are still there. They're still wounds that are healing. Okay. As you're having this discussion, all of you make your way into the city of Emon, across the districts to the Cloudtop. You're greeted and let within the gate into the central district there. You make your way to the palace of Tal'Dorei, through the front doors. The guards that are there lead you in and one of them says, "Uriel is waiting within the throne chamber." You guys are led down the main hallway into the very center of the palace. The nervous guard, thankfully, puts his weapon away and is like, "Oh! Lady Keyleth, my "apologies." And puts his spear to the side. "Check back after you've spoken with the Sovereign, please. Thank you." Leads you guys on. As you head down the main hallway-- and you recall this hallway. This was a long, dangerous trek the first time you came to the palace. This was where Uriel's family was possessed. This is where you had your battle with the glabrezu. This is where Pike was slain. This is where you had to pull the shadows from the bodies of his family. This is a very emotional place that you really haven't been to since that sequence of events. Walking in already has this tenuous state of low-simmering energy. As you're brought into the main chamber, you can see there is the dual thrones for Uriel and his wife. His wife is not present; his family is not present, just Uriel sitting on the throne. There are a few guards on the different entrances to the room. As you walk in, Uriel just sits there on the throne and gives you acknowledgment and ushers you into the room. You all step in. Trinket behind you keeping an eye out. Like a bear is wont to do. You guys make your way up towards the very edge of the central raised dais where the thrones are currently set up on. You now see on the opposite side of the room, Seeker Asum and Allura walk in, as well as Arbiter Brom, who is the cleric that is the Master of Law in the city. They walk up and flank the sides of the throne, stepping back a little bit to not gather all the attention, but definitely be there as a show of support. As they enter, the doors on the other side of the room and the door behind you open, and roughly 30 guards enter the chamber quietly. They all filter in, blocking all the exits. The doors close. No weapons are drawn, but there is a very strong showing of muscle in this room that you weren't expecting for this meeting. Once all the guards are settled and a really awkward silence hits the room, Uriel stands up from the throne and looks upon you. Pacing slightly, back and forth. "Thank you all for "joining me. I must say, I am troubled by recent events, and I wish to speak to you regarding them "before taking any action. I owe you that much for all you've done for me. Before you left for "Vasselheim, you showed immediate interest in the Briarwoods. Percy in-- Where is Percival?" "Well, then please relay this conversation to him as soon as you see him. You exhibited "interest in the Briarwoods before leaving for Vasselheim. I, through trust, did not inquire as "to why. But upon your return, eagerly told you they were coming to this feast and invited you as "part of the Council of Tal'Dorei to join this feast, as it was your request. I graciously "followed through. You showed up. A meal was had. Questions were asked, although curious ones; I did "not pry. Now I have since been notified, and seen a bit of the aftermath, that you, Vox Machina, "seemingly attacked our guests shortly-- please. Listen. Attacked our guests shortly after the meal "in their own guest quarters. Forcing them to flee, after you destroyed the hallway, ruined their "carriage, murdered two of their guards, two more outside, and leaving Seeker Asum to witness this "entire process." Asum gives a nod. "You then tortured their carriage driver, requested he be "sent to the dungeon beneath your keep. And upon my sentries returning from Greyskull to deliver him, "they find a freshly murdered old woman not far behind the path you took. Not long after, Seeker "Asum found me and corroborated most of this unexpected, violent behavior. I then asked Arbiter "Brom here to divine the nature of this murder. And through his divine sight, through the goddess "Ioun, comes to tell me it was none other than you, Tiberius, that slaughtered this elderly woman "while she slept." "Now, I am quite disturbed by the events of these past 14 hours, and I would like to hear an "explanation. Arbiter, if you could please, prepare the space." Arbiter Brom steps forward and pulls forth from underneath his robes a necklace that contains a holy symbol. The same symbol you saw across the temple beneath the Slayer's Take, an eye-like inscription of the god Ioun. Brom grasps it, looks about you all, and prepares this slight hand gesture, and you feel a slight tingle across the skin that lasts a few seconds. I'll say go ahead and make a-- this would be a religion check. All right. Unable to ascertain the nature. However, the incantation completes. No seeming noticeable effect. Brom nods and steps back in the line of the thrones. I want all of you guys to roll charisma saving throws. (laughs) Okay. Bards. All right. Good to know. Uriel then looks to the rest of you. "So. I've said my piece for the "moment. Explain." Go ahead and make an insight check, sure. Glancing at Asum, the way he's looking at you and the general tension and feeling of the room, you gather that Asum is not his normal self completely. You step forward. "Silence! Silence. You're in my court now, Stormwind. You put so much weight upon this trust, "and you have done a good service. But also I've heard whispers that you've thrown this trust "around in many circles. Remember, we held a parade in your honor; we spread the word of the good "deeds you've done. We, at our own costs of Emon, built you a keep, a home, at great expense, to "show thanks. And also, I believed, upon allowing you to join the council, put us square. I owe you "nothing. Just as you owe me nothing." "I want the truth, but I also want you to understand the stakes that are here and why there "is this question. As the leader of this-- not this city, but this entire countryside, I have to be "sure, and this is not the first time I have been lied to by very close, trusted people, so I have "to be thorough." You glance over at Asum, and Asum gives a look to Uriel and Uriel-- "I have had Asum at my side for the better part of 15 years. He is responsible, far more than "your merry band has ever attempted, for keeping and maintaining the good and lawful state of this "country." "It would also do you well to show respect. We are speaking, half-elf. Now, I would assign "Allura to such an endeavor. However, it has also been noticed that she has grown quite friendly and "attached to your group, and in this circumstance, there is question. So you will be, in a few days, "assigned an individual to this ritual of which you are presenting yourself." "Shh. The Briarwoods, regardless of what you may think they may be, or we do-- that will "show in time-- have shown nothing over the past five years but graciousness, and gone through all "proper channels to establish this relationship between our city and theirs. Far more than the "previous family ever attempted." "That goes both ways. Now, please." "There has been nothing about his behavior, at all, to insinuate any change of anything of the "sort. And I have known the man for quite some time, before I even took this throne. However, I "will, in the good graces and the relationship we forged, allow this. Asum, are you all right with "this?" Asum gives a nod. "Well, if this is to be how it is. Certainly." And he steps forward. The halfling approaches you, looking you in the face. All right. You would like to attempt your Greater Restoration spell? As a note, as you begin casting, you notice the guards all go for their weapons and ready themselves, uncertain of what's about to transpire. There is a tension in the room based on what this is going to be. All right. So first you cast Enhance Ability on yourself. Sure. In the tension of the room, this slow droning hum of the gnome, which you can notice some of the guards look at each other, confused. And Asum puts his hand up like, hold off. All right. So first you cast Enhance Ability on your-- Okay. You reach out with Greater Restoration. You complete the ritual. You touch onto the arms of Asum. It fades, and you see in his eyes there's a moment of clarity and an inhale. A slight gasp, like some realization hits him and his expression changes and looks towards you and just goes-- He puts his hands out like this for a moment, just trying to almost tell you something. Go ahead and make a wisdom check. Just a d20. Or no, make an insight. Make a straight insight. This is more of an insight roll here. You get the sense through the subtlety of physical motion and expression, Asum is telling you, just go with me on this. He steps back into the place next to the throne. There's a brief moment of pause. Uriel says, "And, Asum?" Asum goes, "My stance has not changed. I know not what she is attempting or thought the situation "was, but it appears to me that this was either misinformation or at least at the time being, "hopefully, not a lie. But I believe Brom has taken care of that, yes?" And Brom gives a nod. "I certainly have hoped to." Uriel goes, "Hm. All right. Here's the circumstance as it stands, I fear I must revoke "Vox Machina's membership in the council of Tal'Dorei until further notice, for the safety of "our countryside and the current tension in our relationship." "I understand. And this will only continue until all of our investigations are complete." "You are not under arrest. You are revoked from the council, and you will be closely watched "until our investigations are complete." He looks back to Asum and Asum says, "Well, depends on how quickly we can acquire the "information; it could be weeks. I'll do my best to make it thorough and quick." Uriel looks back and says, "You may leave if you wish. Know that there have been precautions "taken. Should you attempt to flee, we will find you." "We ought to speak to the Lyceum to find a proper individual of sufficient power and trust to "do this, as Allura right now is being kept out of the scenario." "If you wish. Outside of these chambers. Do what you must to clear your name. I would like "very much for this all to be true, what you're saying. But do not flee. Do not give an "inclination that you attempt to escape this judgment, for we will take that as a sign of "guilt." "Should we conclude that your actions were beyond reason and the moral fiber of this council "before your return, we will have no choice to put a bounty on your heads, should you not return. I "really, really do not wish to do this. Do not make me do this." "I want to believe you all. I ask you, show that my trust has not been misplaced all this "time. Now, you may leave." "Very well." Four of them go, (yelps). As you guys go back out the doors that you entered, the guards now a little closely following as you exit, leading you out of the palace, down the front steps, and essentially stand at the front of the palace gates. The guard just looks for a second and goes, "I think you've got more important matters to deal "with before you go looking for a belt, sir." The guards all turn around and start ascending the stairs. They don't appear to be listening. Two of them stop in their step for a second and then keep walking. Go ahead and make a persuasion roll. It was a brief pause. But also. A brief pause. All right. So you are now currently there in the cobblestone street of the Cloudtop District, removed from the Council of Tal'Dorei and left in this interesting circumstance. As you guys are having this discussion, the palace doors open and you hear the quick footsteps of Allura, rushing from the palace now, running towards you guys. She's coming out of the palace, behind you guys. Like after the council had just closed. The meeting had finished. She basically gave chase to you guys and is now catching up to you on the street. "Everyone-- I don't fully know what happened last night, and--" She looks to you, Tiberius, and says, "You didn't, did you? Please tell me you did not kill that woman." "Brom's divination is very clear. And he divined that the woman was currently filled with "fear, attempting to flee, and unconscious when she was murdered." "I just worry. I know not what happened here, and I heard what you said, and I honestly do "not trust the Briarwoods myself either. There was something about that meal and the conversation, "and their presence that put me off entirely. It was strange. And what you say makes a lot of "sense. Vampirism is a bit beyond what I was expecting. I did sense some powerful masqueraded "arcane essence from Lady Briarwood. Look, I would recommend for this to do your best to be thorough "in this. Bring back any and all information you can. From the words I hear, you probably have at "best a few weeks before this comes to a close. And if you don't have enough evidence to support your "argument-- well, I don't know." "You have to understand. Not all arcane works that way. There are magics that can dabble "in that realm, but none that specialize that here in Emon. Divination, yes there are elements of "that. We can see the physical. We can see certain events. But to look into one's mind is a different "magic entirely." "That was attempted during that council, but after you left, Brom notified Uriel and the "Council that many of you were resistant to the spell, and as such, it could not be verified." She gives a thought to that. She goes, "Interestingly enough, if an artifact or an item "brought forth from them could be divined, that should tell all." "The carriage has been disposed. It's been picked over, and there were remnants within the "rubble of some sort of a 'siggle' of teleportation. But that is no-- a sigil, if you will." (laughter) "Sigil. We're all learning together. That, I believe, has all been investigated and kept under "lock and key with Asum. You would have to speak with him. I would like to help. I cannot come with "you. I'm working on something else at the moment. Ah!" And she reaches into her pocket and brings out your Earring of Transcription. As she hands it to you, she gives you a really, really concerned look. And just gives it to you and hands it back. And it's a look of-- and it hits you it's a look of disappointment with a hint of heartbreak. She looks back to you as you take it and goes, "Do your best to clear your name." "I know you come of noble blood, and many of you stand to inspire many others of noble blood. "As celebrated heroes of this city, there is a lot more on the line here besides just your "well-being. There's a lot of people in this town that look up to you. Nevertheless, I've already "said more than I should. Good luck." She looks behind and you can see she takes this small hood of the same material of her robe that she's wearing and puts it up over her head and rushes off towards her white tower towards the edge of the Cloudtop District. What you do know is the sigil that a teleportation circle is attached to is known when you cast or create the circle. The circle does not necessarily indicate or maintain the sigil it's attached to. Meaning, there are two parts to it. There is the sigil that it sends to, and there is the actual ritual circle that is created. The circle that attaches to it is not the same as the destination. There are elements of it that connect it, but you would not be able to ascertain a sigil to Whitestone immediately from looking at the initial circle. Okay. You guys make your way back to Greyskull Keep. Are you going with them or you're-- What are you doing? I would like to know the list. Okay. All right. So as you begin that process, the rest of you continue back to the Keep. As you approach Greyskull Keep, there are two individuals waiting for you at the gate that you do not recognize from a distance. There's two individuals waiting for you at the gate. You can see at a distance, but you don't recognize. You're probably a good 100 to 150 feet. Okay. So. Let me try and see who's on duty right now. This would still be Shayne and Cordell. Cordell shouts down from the top of the wall and says, "I don't think they're a threat." As you walk up and you get close, you get a better view. You're expecting ominous, armored guards. Somebody possibly assigned to escort you. Instead, you're greeted by what looks to be an older couple waiting at the gate. A man and a woman, dressed in simple clothes, weathered skin. And as you go out to them, they both smile. They begin walking up, and the man steps forward. You can see he's got small dirty glasses at the end of his nose and says, "Hello, hello! Good afternoon, everyone! I'm sorry to be a "bother. But unless my eyes and tales do deceive me, might you all be the heroes known as Vox "Machina?" Okay. From what you can tell, they are both happy, simple folk that are here with a tension of purpose, but nothing that seems to set off any alarms. The woman, who's holding his side, lets go of his arm and says, "We come to you humbly as "representatives of the farming community just north of Emon's walls." "I am Riley Klaus and this is my husband, Ben." "Pleasure to meet y'all." "You see, many of us here, we make our living through livestock and small crops." Ben takes over at this point and says, "Word is that the Sovereign will be calling down troops from "Fort Daxio for a while, so the need for meats and fresh produce has been elevated." The wife, Riley, then says, "Around this time, over the past two weeks, a number of our finest "cows and sheep have gone missing. No struggle or mess or signs of dire wolves. Nothing! We "suspected thieves, initially, but we sent up our neighbor's boy Kyle to watch over them until "sunrise and he saw the culprit. From what he described, a giant bird, larger than anything he's "ever seen or heard of." Ben then takes over the conversation, "Wings at least ten carts long, tip to tip. Just swooped "down, he said, without sound and in one motion snatched up one of our most virile bulls. Mr. "Simms, just gone like that!" "That was the bull." Riley says, "Kyle said he saw it fly northwest." 26. You've seen some big birds in your time. This is, from what they're describing, a lot bigger than any birds you've encountered in your experience. You've heard whispers of larger birds in the wild, but you've never seen anything like that. You haven't had any personal experience hearing or seeing anything of this size. That's what they described it as. At night. "About two weeks ago when the whole thing started to happen." And then Ben kicks in and says, "Should this keep up, most of us will lose everything before the "year is out. Now, we've talked with the leaders of the farming community this side of Emon. We've "scrounged up what we could." And he brings up a couple of coin purses and she goes, "512 gold pieces, 37 silver, and 103 copper. "That's all we can spare." "We can't possibly--" "Yes! We could, we'd be more than happy to!" "I mean, there's no deadline, but the longer that goes by, the more and more we lose by the "night. Two weeks in and we've lost half of our livestock. If the creature is this big, I imagine "it eats quite a bit." "To... where?" LAURA, LIAM, and "North side of Emon." "Yes." They look at each other and nod and he taps her hand and says, "Yes. By all means-- If you "could, please help us stop this beast from ruining our livelihood." "We wander about the community, but we do have a homestead. If you look, it's the large red "wood and partially brick-based homestead closest to the city walls, on the north farm. Right "outside of Emon. It's hard to miss, if you're headed that direction." "Klaus." "We've not seen it during the day. It'd be easier for us to identify if we had. Seems to only "hunt at night." "Not that we've heard of. Not yet." He gives you this sudden look of realization and fear. And pats and comforts his wife who suddenly realizes, oh my. Are they going to take us now? "All right. Well, thank you." "Well, thank you for listening to us ramble on, and we look forward to hearing from you in the "next day." "All right." He pats her on the arm. They both wander off. "Yeah!" "To be fair, the Klauses are well-known in the community." "They came here for business. I figured it was probably something you'd want to hear. I "apologize." Cordell bows his head sheepishly. "I apologize. I'm sorry." He does his finger like this and the gates open in towards the inside of the keep wall. As you guys are doing that, Tiberius, what's the first thing you're trying to do? Okay. He said it required two days. It's been less than a day since you dropped it off, just so you're aware. Oh, the Lyceum? Okay. All right. As you head to the Lyceum, the clerk lets you in. What are you specifically looking to find or research? Okay. In researching what they have at their disposal, you understand that the Feywild itself, because it is a separate plane, the magics to traverse it are a little more difficult to do. If you notice-- and I'll confirm here just to be sure that we're on the same page-- before I go full on this here. Pardon me, just a moment while I scan through the book. The mighty book. The book of might. Yes. Sigils of teleportation require the same plane of existence, meaning you can teleport anywhere within the Prime Material Plane that you exist in. To traverse into the Feywild, you have to actually find a door into the Feywild, and then you would be able to use a sigil from the Feywild. Which is not ready yet. It's all good. It's all good. Yeah. The Feywild. What you do find is that the Feywild-- the boundaries between this realm and the Feywild tend to grow weaker at full moons. It's tied to the moon cycle. And at certain places where nature is set to run wild. A lot of druidic tribes tend to mark these locations, and in some cases actually guard them. And if you recall-- good memory-- in the Frostweald, the partially frozen forest where you had that conversation with the nymph-- that portal that she existed through was specifically a door into the Feywild, which you recognized. That was south of Westruun. Okay. Through your research, you do find a sigil to Westruun. This is allowing you to go into this portion for this sigil because you've already used the favor that you had to get the sigil of Kraghammer. Right, the favor for Gilmore. All I'm saying is, you've used one of two favors to get that sigil. You have to invoke Gilmore's favor to get this one. Okay. And since you're a part of the circumstance, you acquire the secondary sigil. You now know, in your memory permanently, a sigil to Westruun. You don't know where in Westruun, but you are connected there. If you choose to teleport there, you know how to. That favor has now been used by Gilmore, so you can mark that. And on that note, we're going to go ahead and take a five minute rest break. So yeah, restroom, snacks, drinks and we'll be back here in about five or so minutes. We'll see you guys and continue this tense adventure. [break] If we can get there, that'd be awesome! We'll have our giveaway-- the signed cast Critical Role photo and the cast signed art poster by Kit Buss. Yeah! So you have all returned to the keep. You have found yourselves down to the basement area. You hear the distant pinging of metal, an occasional squeaking metallic noise. Like something is being altered, turned, or quenched in a water trough. Like the process of blacksmithing. As you knock on the metal door, it's like a (boom). The pinging stops. Just hangs for a second. "Not right now. Please. I'm sorry. I just need to clear my head." A moment later, you see Percy's eyes appear at the edge of the door. Just looking at them, you can see they look a little sunken, a little weary. "Not as much as I'd like." His eyes look away for a second, looks back at you. "I'm all right. Thank you." "Great. I have to get back to my work." The slit shuts. You guys, however, walk down to the other side of the cell. The cell door's been closed. The keys are hanging on the nail by it. You have not used the cell until this point. It's technically pristine and unused since the construction of the keep, but the keys still hang on the key ring. On the inside of it, there is no thatch. Nothing has been put in to really make a comfortable floor. And hanging from manacles-- He was put in as a prisoner. As she rushes into the cell, begins unlocking the manacles. He's unconscious at this time. Dirt streaked on his face and spatters of dried blood from the blast of the gun. The wound at this point has been cauterized. You cast Cure Wounds as he starts to come to consciousness, in a heap on the ground. (coughs) It appears he may be healed of any damage he may still be sustaining from that, but the fingers are gone. This is beyond the magic you're capable of. He comes to consciousness on the ground, dirtied, sore. Essentially broken before you. You want to inspect? Go ahead and make an investigation check. Okay. You don't have a whole lot of medicinal experience, but you take a moment and inspect both sides of his neck, tilting his head side-to-side, as he's groaning and coming to. "What's going on?" Looking at the sides of his neck, there does not appear to be any sign of any puncture wounds, anything that would be reminiscent of what your brother currently is healing from. At the moment, no. He is barely coming to consciousness. There isn't enough of a presence at the moment to really read past. "Where am I?" "For my own safety?" "How?" He looks at his hand. "My name is Desmond. Desmond Otham. I am the son of a messenger, a courier of the de Rolo "family." "Yes." "It's not going to matter. They're going to find me. No one's supposed to get away." "I don't even know where to begin." He adjusts himself, sliding back, putting his back against the wall of the cell. "Please don't take offense if I don't trust a drink from strangers who've, well, to be honest, "put me in this position." "What do you want to know?" "All I know from the stories I've heard. Mothers would tell their kids not to wander out at "night because dark things crawl in the shadows. From what I know of vampires, they're not supposed "to go out during the day, right? But I'm sure I've seen Lady Briarwood walk in the sun many a time." "As I recall, yes. Lord Briarwood doesn't make too many public appearances." No, not yet. You're probably about an hour away, at this point. From the time you've taken to research, find this, learn the sigil to Westruun, and begin your trek back. Fortunately, you got what you wanted, but you're out of the picture for a little bit. He flinches as you put your hand up, and as you touch him, he exhales. You get to him just as he can react, briefly. I believe you add your Wisdom modifier to that. He goes, "Look, my father worked for the de Rolo family before the Briarwoods came. My father "vanished the night of their fall. My mother was taken in madness and lost to the night this past "year. I was left alone. However, I knew the roads well between here and Whitestone and places "between, growing up, traveling with my father. So I was made to be a coachman for the new nobles. I "was paid, albeit little, and I was left alone. "Now, when I say the new nobles, there were nobles that lived in Whitestone and worked along with the "de Rolos, and they helped oversee parts of the town, the business, and the people. They had been "there for many generations of their respective families, all under the de Rolos' guidance. But "the night the castle fell, those nobles were dragged out. "It's strange. I mean, after the brutality of that first night, it took days before the people of "Whitestone knew what had happened. We saw the fires, we heard the battles, but no word of the victors "until three days had passed. We were too scared to approach. By then, the Briarwoods called a town "meeting. They explained their new rule over the town. A number objected, which is expected. Many "strong-willed folk in Whitestone, those days. They were subsequently shot down at arrow-point. The "rest were quiet. "They then dragged out the noble families and executed them, gifting their property and titles to the "various cut-throats and mercenaries they had hired, brought across the channel to help them "take the town. They're not just two people; they've used a lot of money and influence from wherever "they came from and brought a whole slew of very dastardly folk, who have since been given the "titles once held by the other nobles of Whitestone, living in their homes, taking their "tithes and most of the profits made from the businesses they've forced us to continue to run from within "the city. A number of families fled into the woods the night after the executions, using the shadows "of a moonless evening to keep safe. They were all found hanging from the Sun Tree the next morning. "They kept things going as they were, mostly farming, logging, manning the white marble mines. "Business went as usual, all filling the pockets of the new nobles and the Briarwoods. We were given "food, kept our immediate property. As long as we didn't attempt to leave, we were promised safety. "That lasted for a few years, until the nobles grew bored. Twitchy. They began to abuse the "people of Whitestone scare us for fun, brand, cut, steal the children, leave them back, "destroyed. They treat us like animals. Folks went missing. I was beaten so bad by my employer, Count "Tylieri. But Lord Briarwood noticed, one night he was passing through the city. He saw wounds on my "back when he was meeting with Count Tylieri. When he asked me in private how I got them, I couldn't "lie. Couldn't resist him. He has a way of drawing the truth out of you. Now, he told me this "unrefined violence was boorish to him and his wife. That was the last I ever saw of Lord "Tylieri. "Lord and Lady Briarwood took me in as their own driver and showed me Tylieri hanging from that "same Sun Tree the next morning. I was thankful, then. In a strange way, life had been so terrible "for so long, it was the first time I saw someone reach out and save me. They took me in as their "driver after that. It was a better thing to be away from the anger and the fists of the thugs. "But the more I got to know the Briarwoods, the more nightmarish I realized they were. "Behind the walls of that castle was no longer a grand fortress that we heard it was. Seeing it, "keeping watch and guard over our people. No, that was a domain of perverse magics and sacrilege, it was. The "green fog drifting out from the ground where it stood. The same servants still run the halls, but "they aren't living. They're walking vessels of undeath, their flesh slowly tearing away. The "garden in back lies shriveled, a foul green mist forever pouring out. They're excavating something "in the dungeon, plundering pieces. A lot of their attention seems to be down there; I don't know "why. I dare not wander too far down. They bring up old things. Ancient things. Relics, books, bones. "You live in that world long enough, you believe there is no way out. Death would be easy, though "I've seen that death is no real end there. It's just the beginning of a whole new terrible "existence. A far worse fate." "Who would you want me to tell it to?" "Maybe." "I don't know. You don't know what it's like. You don't know what they've done. They're "going to find me." "I'll think about it." That resonates with him immediately, and his eyes flash open. "I mean no disrespect, but if "this is safe, then I'd rather stay here." "You're all being very accommodating." "I'll stay here for now." "I need to think on it. I've been promised such protection before." "From a few. And they're dead. An enemy of an enemy doesn't necessarily make them a friend, "I've discovered." This whole conversation, the emotional recalling of everything, you can see has been very taxing on him and his still mostly conscious state. He looks exhausted, scared, and still trying to suss out all the information coming at him right now. "Yes, please." He takes the goblet. He looks at it, smells it, but still holds it at bay as you walk off. You eventually go-- easy enough for you-- take the bed. You have to turn it to the side to take it out, which causes all of the cushions to fall out. It takes about 20 minutes and three trips, but you manage to get the bed down there from the guest room. When you fit it in the cell-- and it's not a large cell; it's maybe ten by ten feet maximum. You place it there. As you guys walk back, you notice as you see Grog walking back down the stairway-- right around the corner as you go down the steps, the hallway goes to the cell, and it turns to the right and to the left to the workshop. You see around the corner a shoulder, listening in. There's a person. And you recognize that it is Percy. Percy has stepped out of the workshop and apparently has been hearing everything this entire time. "I'm fine." And Percy immediately steps away and you hear the door close with a slam. "Keep him away from me. Who is that?" And you see now, there's like this look of tension on his face that's mixed with tired. And eventually finding the bed and takes the goblet-- still filled, has not drunk from it-- just slips it next to the side of the bed. Eventually food is brought down. All the basic pleasantries are brought within the cell. He lies on the bed and takes the plate up with him and starts just scarfing some of the bread rolls down. And immediately starts going for the mashed potatoes. You can see a decent meal hasn't been had in quite a while. Especially the journey, what is essentially a seven to eight day journey from Whitestone, probably has not been very kind to him. Eats and then promptly passes out on the bed. Food still mashed on the side of the face. Just goes straight into a slumber. No. It's underground. It's all solid, solid stone walls. And there is the barred front door, and then just goes right into the hallway that goes up the stairs to your left and across the way and around the corner to the workshop. No, the Lyceum is in the Erudite District. Allura's tower is in the Cloudtop, which is the central part of Emon. You make your way to the back part of the wall, and there is a small tower that's constructed as part of the back wall. That's where Jarett usually keeps watch. Jarett has the in-between shift between the guards, so he can be present for both sides and keep a watch during the afternoon until the nighttime. Probably till about midnight or so. So as you make your way out of the keep, Tiberius, are you heading back to the keep or are you heading toward the Cloudtop District? This will dictate whether or not you show up around this time. You go to find Jarett, who's up at the top of the tower. And as you call to him, Jarett leans over. And you see him, you know, short jet-black hair, darker complexion. Very handsome, younger, early-twenties guy. Well-dressed over his studded leather armor that he wears underneath and has the crossbow on the side. He leans over. "Scanlan, it has been some time. It is so good to hear from "you. What can I be of service for?" "I imagine this would be very well-suited for my skill set. It will be strange to keep watch "against one of my employers, but he's been a bit sheepish around me anyway." "Well, I think I can at least talk some sense into him!" "Well, first and foremost, I would dive in the forward motion, leg out, to put him off "balance. This would be from a frontal melee-- you're messing with me, aren't you?" "Ah, gnomes! Very well." "I have access to my own private armory, and I have utmost faith." "Gnomes." "Certainly. All right. I will do this." And he stands up, and goes and starts gathering his general setup supplies inside the guard tower. As you walk back to the keep, you hear him whistle and start calling out to Shayne to go ahead and take over, up in the tower. Tiberius, you make your way into the Cloudtop District. As you come to the front gates of the district, the guards that normally recognize you and welcome you in, recognize you and stand firm, weapons at the ready. At the Cloudtop District entirely. You guys had to get written permission to enter there when you first came to Emon, anyway, since that's where the nobility and many of the important figures of Emon reside. It appears that since you've been taken out of the Council and you're under investigation, your access to such a sensitive location within Emon has been temporarily revoked, and the guards are not letting you through. It's up to you. The guards are just there, standing. "We have direct orders to not let you or any other member of Vox Machina into the Cloudtop "District until your investigation is complete. So no, and no." "Your information and wish has been processed, taken into consideration. Thank you "very much. Please be on your way." Okay. (whoosh) They both did not expect that exit. You essentially Superman-ed. You're just like (thud). Little cloud of smoke in the shape of a dragonborn left behind. All right. So as you cruise over, you see in the distance, from where you're standing at the top of the keep, you see a distant bead of dark shadow that approaches and grows larger, and it is an air-cruising Tiberius making his way towards the keep. It's empty. So where do you push him? That's the quote of the night. Encouraged to get a sandwich, Tiberius wanders off. What are you doing to prepare what you were doing? Well, as the day progresses, what would you guys like to do? Restoration would probably take care of it. You could also just give it a couple of hours. Drink a lot of water. At this point, it's probably close to 300 in the afternoon. All right. What's the plan, guys? Okay. This concentration will last an hour. The Conjure Woodland Beings? Yep! That'll do. So are you doing that, Marisha? Keyleth, are you summoning an elemental? Okay. Which kind? Okay. And you cast Planar Binding. Part of the material component cost is a gem that's worth at least 1,000 gold pieces. All right. Is this the awesome diamond or the regular diamond? All right. Vex. Your keen eye is able to ascertain that the palm-sized ruby is worth roughly 1,200 gold pieces and would be suitable for this ritual. Yeah. It's hard to say. There are certain spells that can enable that. That can take certain spells that trigger at a certain time. Nothing that's particularly in your guys' realm of experience or understanding though, unfortunately. Okay. You bring Trinket down. Trinket stands watch right in the center, plops down right up against the bars. "Yes?" "Thank you." Yeah. Over time, over the next two to three hours or so, you guys have set up a place to go. They have given you some water, and you've managed to sober up a bit. No. That is currently left to be blessed for holy water. All right. So. You guys make your way around the outskirts of Emon under moonlight. It's a three-quarter waxing moon. You make your way to the farm vicinity on the north side of the city. It doesn't take long for you to eventually suss out the house that matches the description that you were given by the Klauses. You knock on the door, and they eagerly greet your arrival and invite you in. "So glad you all could make it. Have you decided? Have you given our community's "request some thought?" "Thank you. That's really good of you. We will happily provide you with fresh produce, going "forward. We've talked to a few of the members of the community and we're going to make sure that's "taken care of." "The livestock are kept on the eastern side of this community. If you look about, say about "half a mile out to where the actual residences stop being clustered together, you'll see there "are a number of large livestock containment areas. Hard to miss out there. We have pens for sheep; we "have pens for cows; we have pens for horses, other beasts of burden. That whole vicinity is where "most of these attacks seem to be coming. So that's probably your best bet there." "Bulls. We have a few big cows, as well. We've lost a few of them, unfortunately." "That's true. Kyle's the one who originally spotted it, yeah." "He's actually the son of the man who runs most of the livestock areas over there. You can go "and head over there. He's probably still up, keeping his eye out in case it comes back." Okay. You guys make your way over there. It's easy to find. There's large pens. You can see that for as big as the pens are built and their structure, they are noticeably dwindled. You can see why there's been some worry in the community here. The fact that it's only been two weeks and this many creatures are gone is a little disconcerting. As you get there, you can see the house has its light on. There are glowing windows. And sitting in a chair, holding a crossbow across his lap, you see a 19-year-old boy, rugged chin growth, dirty red hair that's disheveled. And he's sitting there looking around in the sky. Rocking back and forth in his chair as you approach. "Who "goes there?" "Okay. Okay. So you the ones they say was coming to help?" "I've seen some things, yeah." Points to the whole area in front of him and says, "Are you keeping watch now? Great. Thank "you." "I mean, other than the fact that it was just a really big bird. Really big. Huge." "It's hard to see in the moonlight." "Claws, and sometimes it takes two at a time, one in each claw, and just carries them "away. " "No. " "I've missed." "Best I can see. It's dark out here at that time of night and it looks like a bird. It doesn't "make any noise and swoops on down and takes them away and flies off in that direction." Make an intimidation check. This would be with your charisma. Nice. He goes, "Well, I don't want to be here, then. You guys can keep an eye out. I've got "to go." And unloads the bolt in the crossbow, slings it up under his arm-- "Your kid's weird." And he keeps walking. You can take a glance about. You eventually can see that there is set up on one of the fences that fences in the cows, there is a cowbell, yes. Okay. You can't change a target's body type. So the same form of your limbs-- you're right. It's going to be an array of very strangely sized cows. You guys make your way into the cow pen. The little bit of moonlight that's coming down from the sky illuminates. You see the cows are clustered underneath this overhang that is used for temporary shelter. You hear this distant (mooing) as you approach and make noise. No one's not too upset yet. It's more low muttering. Not yet. Yeah. Anything sees you as cows-- I have to give you experience for that. (laughter) You'll find out. As you all gather around the small gnome, currently adorned with the cowbell around his neck. You complete the spell and with a sudden (whoosh) of cold night air, your vision blurs and you blink for a second. You look around and Vox Machina is now, instead, an array of slightly smaller than average cows. (mooing) You're, by the way, more of a calf. You guys step up, awkwardly, towards the cows, some of which are sleeping, some of which are noticing and sitting there just chewing. There are no males in this pen, because they are cows. Okay. What do you say? You speak Common. You don't know Cow. This is the best Vox Machina adventure ever! All right, you cast Speak With Animals. I think it affects you. I think it gives you the ability to speak with. All right. Yep! On self for ten minutes. All the cows are clustered in this one corner, up against each other for body warmth. And there are few that are just like (moo). (moo) Which is what you guys hear. You hear as a response "What are you doing? We're trying "to sleep." "My kind?" At which point, all the cows start shuddering and say, "Yes. Haven't you? It keeps taking us. Why do "you think we're hiding under this?" "Be careful. If you stay out there, it'll see you." "It's big and has wings. It's fast, and it keeps taking us." "The dark time." You bend down, and take clusters with your hand, and start eating grass. Yeah, you are not actually physically cows. You are still yourselves. You just look like cows. Okay. You could. Rest in peace, Dork. You guys make your way. You wait a while, a good two-hour period, as cows, before eventually you, keeping your eye to the sky with your arrow nocked, see a whisk of shadow across the moonlight. At this point, you guys look up, and you see something circle once. It looks like a bird. It's just not as big as you were expecting. Looks like a bigger hawk. Okay. Bigger and bigger Roll for cow stealth! (laughter) Okay. You're still a cow. You would like to chew! All right. Okay. Well, it has to come within range first. As it swoops down, you see this bird just gets larger and larger and you realize it was quite a distance away. And now that it's getting closer, the tales you've heard are true. This is at least a 100-foot wing span, if not more. Okay. It comes. It dives down with extreme speed and goes into a dive. It comes into range. You cast Hunter's Mark on it. You have your ring ready. What you doing? Cast Slow? All righty. What is the DC on that? And what is the save? Yes it is. That's okay. I'm finding it. All right, it is wisdom. All right. Oh! What was the DC? 17. That is an 18. Rolled a natural 18 on that one. As it swoops down, you release the spell, you are immediately attempting to be grasped in its talons. That is a 23 to hit. All right. So you then take 23 points of slashing damage to your cow form. Oh. Okay. Sorry. You're not in cow form, are you? You're illusioned. You're staying normal? You're normal. Right. Okay. I thought you were saying you were doing an actual cow form, but no. All right. You take 23 points of slashing damage, and you are currently grappled as it takes right back up into the air, clutching Keyleth within its talons. Now you guys can react. It is currently 60 feet away from you. You do. Right. I'll give you advantage on your initiative. Because you're notched but you used your last turn to cast Hunter's Mark on it. Everyone roll initiative. You have advantage on it because you were nocked, and because you were ready to react, you have advantage on your initiative check, but everyone else just roll normally. All right. So that is 25 to 20? 21. Vax. Keyleth. Scanlan? Tiberius? What you guys got? Okay. All right. So Vex, you're up first. Okay. Go for it. Roll for the attack. 16 hits. 26 points of damage. All righty. Go for it. Yeah! That hits. Nice! All right, that brings us to Grog. Okay. Go ahead and roll with disadvantage because it's already roughly 40 to 60 feet away from you. It's tough to get there. But you can try. Okay. Due to its distance and the dark cover of night, it's harder to hit and you actually swing and throw it and the hammer-- The chain goes taut and it just drops to the ground and it's just out of range of the hammer, as it escapes the range it would have hit it with. Yeah, go for it. That's easy enough, it's not wedged in anything. You don't have to roll for it. All right, so that's your turn. Vax. No. Well you do have an additional action that can be used only to attack. Okay. The sneak attack will not kick in because Keyleth is not threatening the creature. But you go for the attacks. You rush up, you dash, you get underneath it-- for a moment, because of the Boots of Haste, you keep speed with this giant, darting creature. You, underneath, throw your daggers upward. One attack and your bonus without the damage bonus. That hits. What's the range increment on a dagger? Ten? Dagger. Roll again for disadvantage because it's just within your secondary throwing range. Okay. It vanishes into the dark night ahead of you. So yeah. That is gone. You still have your Belt of Returning, you just don't have your snake belt. Yeah, don't worry guys. I saw the look on your face and I'm like, no, it's fine. It comes back. Okay. Keyleth, you're up. You're currently grappled and held within the talons of this giant bird. You see the entire ground below you. At the sheer size, it's hard to tell. You've never encountered a beast of this size, but you do look up and you can see the talons that are currently holding you in place and piercing the sides of your armor are bird-like talons. And you do see a series of dark feathers coating the entire underbelly of this entity. Okay. All right. Okay. That's for ability checks. So you finish casting the spell. Apparently, this entity is not affected by the spell. It is not a beast. There's a fine line when certain creatures of nature are altered by some sort of magical essence or their nature perhaps is not natural at the get-go. Either they were created or over time they became something beyond beast. This seems to fall under that category. That's your turn. That brings us to its turn. That would be your action to try and break the grapple. For this creature's turn, it does a full double dash of its full flight speed and is about 250 feet away from you and completely out of your guys' reach. You see it (whoosh) up into the sky, disappearing to the north, north-northwest area beyond Emon, carrying Keyleth in its claws. You're close enough where you can still hear this, as the desperation kicks in and you realize-- seeing your whole party not even visible at this point except a couple of dark dots in the low light of the night. It now comes to Scanlan's turn. What's the range on Dimension Door? You-- and appear where? Where do you want to appear? Okay. You appear right on its back. You immediately land and start sliding back as the wind is pushing on you. The feathers themselves, due to the aerodynamic nature of its flight path; it's a lot of wind resistance against you. No, I was going there. Don't worry. That's what it is. You need to go ahead and make an acrobatics check to see if you can maintain balance on the back of this beast. You manage to just, you tumble backward a little bit. You grab a couple of feathers and get yourself just on the side underneath where the wing meets part of the upper torso, where the wind resistance is the least amount, and you manage to hold on. You are now clutching the back of this giant bird. That's your turn. Due to the wind, you don't hear the last line. It's too loud around it. However, you can take a d10 inspiration dice. LAURA and Which for the record, this currently right now looks like-- you see the cow clutched below, and currently there is a cow holding onto this giant bird. This singing tiny cow. You artists out there, have fun with this scene. (laughter) All right. All of you guys, at that point you see Tiberius and you all take off after him. A squadron of weirdly-sized, flying cows lit by moonlight, chasing after a giant bird. I love Dungeons and Dragons. (laughter) What's the flying speed on Fly? 60 feet. Cool. Yep. You guys can go 120 feet every turn. It can go 240. Two rounds pass before you guys realize there is no way you're going to catch up with this thing or get even close to it. Your Haste speed-- your physical body doesn't affect the Fly spell, unfortunately. You're only at the speed that the arcane nature of the spell can take you. I'm just saying. Your metabolism's real fast. Your heartbeat's hummingbirding it. But you're still only going 120 feet. So as you guys follow behind, you can see now, after a while on the edge of the shoreline, not too far from Emon-- maybe what would normally be from horseback or a brisk walk, a half day's travel-- you eventually come upon the-- There it is! You come upon the coastal mountains known as the Shoreline Summit. It's a series of unusually steep mountain bluffs that hug the coastline, northwest of Emon. As you get closer, and at this point you've lost sight of the bird. Scanlan, I want you to go ahead and roll an athletics check. 16? Okay. You still manage to keep hold for the portion of the length of the journey. As it moves and shifts and the wind itself is still blowing in your face, though minimized by your current positioning. It's a trial to hold onto this large creature as it makes its wings beat and just the sheer force of its movement. All right. So as you get closer to these mountaintops-- You can go ahead and take your turn now too, yes. Okay. What's the DC on this? Rolled a one. (laughter) So this giant flying bird-- Moo! And just begins to plummet at an extremely fast speed. You both immediately are released from its grasp. Scanlan and Keyleth both are just falling. You guys don't see this. It's too far away from you now. At this point, you're probably close to about 500 feet in the air. I hope this inspires the next Diablo Cow level, guys. You really need to look into this. All right. So you guys are now both plummeting and falling at a really, really rapid speed. Flailing cows. You go eagle form. You're fine. So you go into eagle form. That's your action this turn. That's your bonus action, because you can do that as a-- Eagle form. Scanlan, you plummet full speed on this one. You probably have another two rounds before you impact with something very painful. You guys still continue to give chase. Eventually, you see this giant thing just go and vanish from sight. It's just gone. It just disappeared. All right. You guys are pushing forward. So it's now the next round for you guys to react. What are you doing? So you're casting? Okay. Because you are falling and this is a lot of wind, I'm going to have to ask you to make a concentration check to complete the spell. So go ahead and roll a d20. Correct. Because as part of the components of it and maintaining your attention to the spell-- This? No, this is a d20 and-- let me make sure, yeah-- it's a d20 and then you add your plus five from your charisma. With that-- (screeches) pterodactyl. You guys keep flying. You guys catch yourselves. You guys are all still flying cows. You're all still just a squadron of flying, illusory cows, which you guys are both now transformed into an eagle and a pterodactyl, but you still look like cows. (laughter) About this time, you hear a loud, impactful boom. And there's a cloud of dust partway into the side of this first bit of mountain range that you come upon, a little bit distant from you guys. You start heading in that direction. Because of the speed it was traveling at and the way it was carrying at the speed it was going, it's still ahead of you guys. And you see the impact. You hear this loud screeching sound and you see now where there was a little poof of cloud, these wings unfold and (flapping) make its way back up. You guys right now at the close to six minutes you've been traveling-- All the damage carries over. You don't know. It looks hurt. It looks like it wasn't happy about it. It continues back up. From you Tiberius, it's probably close to 700 to 800 feet away from you. It's because of the speed it was traveling and the speed you guys were following. It was gaining on you every single turn. It's heading up into the mountain range. It's still nighttime, yeah. 600 to 500 feet. What are you doing? You're back here. It's now starting to take off and head up towards the top of this mountain range that you're just starting to come upon. Okay. Cool. The rest of you guys continue to give chase. Now that it's returned to its form, it travels an additional double dash 240 feet. As this progresses, it's far beyond any of you guys in a matter of seconds. No, you've just hit the outskirts of the mountain range. It got there first. You guys just catch up to where it starts and you see it's like now it's dodging through the mountains and is currently no longer in sight. There is a little bit of low cloud cover in this area. A couple drift by and cover a couple of the mountains. But this little cluster of seaside cliffs and mountains, as you get closer, you can see it's dotted with high altitude trees. There's precariously perched goats that are sleeping on elements of the sides of this mountain. So you're keeping your attention on it? The winds also are pretty strong as you get close to the mountains. As you coast around each, you start actually diving into this middle valley area. Okay. Is it concentration? Is Pass Without a Trace concentration? Traveling through this area, you can see the mountains. The way that they're constructed in this area, it's not a gradual crag. A lot of these are just punched up in the air, like whatever heavy seismic force that created these initially was very localized and very powerful. A lot of the mountains are spire-like. They come up with very sheer sides and you can see why this mountain range is largely not utilized or traversed or generally spoken of often because it's too dangerous for most average folk to even attempt to climb or use for any good reason. The winds are high and powerful here at the tops, as well. And as you're flying around, the winds blowing across, and you get pushed off your course a little bit here and there, but you still keep up, best as possible. You leading the charge. Over about five minutes of searching through this mountain range, you sense that its movement eventually comes to stop. Yes. And you guys cannot talk because you're actually in creature forms. They are! Do you want to go onto the mountain itself, or are you still flying amongst them? So you would not get the advantage because air is not your favored terrain. So everyone who wishes to, go ahead and roll stealth checks All of you who wish to try and come at it from a quiet-- What did you roll? Okay. You guys are all still flying, yeah. Yeah, so. You guys following behind Vex, many of you clumsily and some of you shouting out to each other, "I think she sees it this way." And you're like, "oh my god." You come around this one bend and you can see one of the larger mountainous spires that has a lot of trees and green growth towards the top at certain places where the rock juts out and gives a shelf for such greenery to grow, outside of its sheer outside surface. You do see a couple of wings fold in against the moonlight in what looks to be an outcropping. And there are multiple layers of rock shelves on the side of this mountain. And on one of these outcroppings, there appears to be some sort of a nest a cluster of almost like actual trees and pieces of wood that are all jammed into this giant nest that's nestled against where the shadow and the moonlight are fighting for some sort of visual on it. You guys all stay back or do you go with her? Okay. You guys have 12 seconds before you all plummet. Are you guys all going with Vex, or are you all staying back and she's going on her own? Are you casting Greater Invisibility? Then no, you're fine. No this was your stealth roll on approaching. You don't know you rolled shitty. All right. So Vex and Grog, you approach. Gliding cows, drifting through the night sky. Okay, yeah. So you guys all realize you must keep close together to Tiberius as you come in. Keeping too much of a distance would be a bad thing. You come upon the underneath portion of this outcropping, and you can see within a quick glance-- go ahead and make a perception check, all of you guys. All of you who are coming up in this cluster. Nope. Actually no. Because you're seeing things on a mountain, I will give you advantage on this. 12? So the highest was? 16. You got? As you guys all look up, it's very shadowy over here. It's hard to see. The moonlight's in your eye a little bit and the darkness is so pitch. The umbra of this particular shadow is very dark and crushed. You make out, in the nest, the large bird creature has folded its wings and is currently leaning down. And you see something in the nest that's much smaller moving up next to it. No. There's two other levels up above this. This one just is one of the largest outcroppings. Okay. Looking over it, there are no loose rocks or boulders. In fact, because of the construction of these mountains, they're solid spires that jut up and then abruptly end. All the erosion that happens here appears to be gradual enough-- that's why the sides of the mountains are so smooth and unclimbable. Yeah. It's a sheer peak that rounds off at the very top and there are little outcroppings that jut out in places as it goes down. But those are more towards the top, and as you go down further-- as most of the erosion hits the mountain lower and lower, it has carved off or destroyed most of what would have been previous outcroppings, or smoothed them over. You guys are probably a good 60 or 50 feet if you're trying to get up within range of your Fly. Right? What's the range of on that? Fly? I got it. No! There is no range on it. You just touch them. So you're fine. Yeah. As long as you're concentrating on it, you're fine. Well, you guys have been keeping a little more of a distance down here. However, at this point, as you guys are all encroaching and Scanlan's gone overhead, a voice rings out against the darkness, "Flying cows? Really? I care not for this insolence. If you've come to mock me or fight "me, do it now! Or leave this creature alone!" Okay. Arcana check-- there's nothing arcane in nature. It's not omnipresent or coming from any certain place. There is a direction it's coming from, which is from the outcropping or nest area. There's nothing arcane in nature to it. It's in the shadow. You can't really see it from this distance. It's coming from where the bird is. It's not under your control, and you can't talk, too. Okay. You guys are all keeping distance from it? The voice comes out again, "Your nature "confuses me and your words seem ill-informed. If you're not going to come to speak of discourse, "I'm going to assume that that you're my enemy." So Tiberius cow goes. Okay. Cool. For Dispel Magic, I need you to go ahead, just for the sake of this-- I won't consider it contested because you're allies in this thing. So you land. Tiberius' form shimmers and returns back to that of a dragonborn, and you're standing there on the precipice. Go ahead and roll a perception check. Okay. It's hard to make out the details, but the voice is definitely coming from the nest. You see there is something vaguely humanoid, but it's hard to make out the shape at this distance with this low light, especially since you aren't a darkvision-gifted entity. However, it's close to this bird creature. "You will not harm this creature, poachers!" You can see the bird's moving and it's looking towards your direction. And it has this like (soft snarl). It's awake, and it looks hurt. The voice is like, "You come here masqueraded as whatever "manner of beasts that you are--" "After tormenting and severely wounding this beautiful creature." To? Go for it. Make it with a disadvantage. You are a flying cow in the moonlight against an individual that is very aware of your presence. (chuckles) You stealthily cow your way up to the side of this precipice. Seemingly unnoticed. Getting a view of this creature now, you can see this nest is a cluster of driftwood and chunks of shipwreck and carts and wagon wheels and whatever pieces of wood have been scavenged from different time periods. Some are weathered, some are more fresh. And trees, whole trees that are broken and shredded have all been cobbled together to make this nest. In the center of this-- I'm going to take the intensity down on this a little bit-- you see, there up against this bird-- and the bird itself is twitching and looks like it's hurt. Not deeply hurt, but hurt. You see a small humanoid. Pretty small. Scanlan small. Hard to make out details, but it is currently in the process of doing a repeated hand motion and then touching. A hand motion and then touching. And you've seen this motion before. Touching the bird. There is a perpetual string of Cure Wounds being applied to this bird. Okay. As the light picks up, you can see the bird turns away for a second and starts to like flap its wings instinctually. And once again, seeing it up close, this bird is really big. The humanoid entity becomes immediately visible. And it is a gnome. You can see, he's dressed in hides and roughly crafted leather and furs. He has tousled, greasy black hair that hangs past his shoulders, covering a bedraggled and bearded face. Holding up his arm-- and looks thin. It's covering the light and he's like, "You!" The gnome slams this small wooden, for lack of a better term, a small staff or cane. Slams it into the ground with a foot stomp and you can see the gnome's entire body suddenly begin to shift and change into this dark, gnarled-looking, hard surface. He doesn't know. All right. So you cow stealth up to the side of this guy. All right. Go ahead and make an attack. You pause? You are currently now crouched right behind the edge of this nest, and you can't even actually see the guy anymore because in order to get up there, you've come underneath to stay hidden and you're just there behind. No. Well, actually go ahead and roll a perception check. Is it higher than a 31? You have no idea where Vax is. No, actually. You see, there's another section above there. It looks like there's nothing else of interest, other than some growth, a few bushes, and some vines that hang down the side. Okay. And with that, you cast Dispel Magic and Keyleth's form reverts that to Keyleth. Normal Keyleth. Non-cow Keyleth. The gnome character now has the staff at the back and has a hand in front and is like, (panting). "Really?" "This creature has no name to it yet. I, myself, am a protector of the wild, as you claim "to be, as well. I have no tribe but the trees around me. I hear the whisper of the wind, and it "calls for justice." "Then why do you follow? Why do you insist on harming this creature?" "Why? For the civilized folk of the city? You should know more than most. They sit there, "taking beautiful creatures of nature, making them fat and formless and worth nothing. To "slaughter them without life and purpose to their existence." "And why is it not the same with this creature? If they cannot guard their livestock, "why is it not food for this thing, as well? It is the natural life cycle that they've removed "themselves from." "Well, when one is not part of that civilization, but the civilization of the world as "a whole, which requires hunting for what keeps you alive, perhaps that does not sink or hang on my "conscience." "I was once called Byron." "Byron." "I have not heard my name nor spoken words for many years." The bird, now looking of much better health than it was when it arrived, now flutters its wings out in a stretching motion. And as it does, its head glides down and looks right towards you. This giant beak that looks like it could snap you in two with a single bite. I'm going to ask you to make an animal handling check on this. Just to see where this goes. All right. The large bird-type creature retracts from your attempted touch and begins to rear back into the nest in a defensive position. Doesn't bite your hand off. The creature leans forward and the giant bird, you can see its dark, black eyes staring at you. Each eye probably about the size of your torso. As the giant beak comes down, you can see the moonlight gliding off the smooth exterior of the dark black beak. It smells. And you take 27 points of piercing damage as the animal takes the Goodberries and almost your entire hand with it, as well. At that size, it's hard to be gentle. So you retract your hand, which is now essentially in many ways, bones are broken, feels like. There's blood streaming down the side of your hand, and (dripping). Swallows. "I had assumed." Scanlan, you've landed by now. A pterodactyl. A cow-looking pterodactyl. Make a persuasion check. You have advantage on this because Tiberius is aiding you on this conversation. All right. He looks at you. "Well, shall you leave us, then?" "There's always a condition. You call yourself a druid, yet you speak like the civilized "folk. I get the feeling that perhaps your connection to nature has not been tended to for "some time." "Well, this beautiful creature is the only surviving young of a clutch, bred by a majestic "roc high in the Cliffkeep Mountains. Its mother now lies dead, slain by the brutal giants that "wander those peaks. This young'un is all that remains of that clutch and the memory of that "blessed entity." This is a young one. "This new home serves us well. Abundance of feed. Lack of large, "predatory creatures. I believe this is where we'll stay." "Do you think we came straight to this mountain range? Do you think this is the first "nest we've constructed? Me and this lone survivor have scoured the length of this side of Tal'Dorei. "This, as far as I can see, is the safest. It's the most ignored by nearby civilization." All of you now, your forms change. As this happens mid-sentence, it's noticed immediately by the gnome druid, who's like (gasps). "You have yet to provide a suitable alternative." Go ahead and make a deception check. "Whitestone. How far is this Whitestone?" "You, dragon man, are adorably naive of the ways of men and those that lie and deceive. I have "yet to have met any civilized people who have kept their word when it came to creatures like this." Make a persuasion check. I'll say you've aided one person recently. This'll just be her check on this. He really doesn't trust you, given the current circumstances. Natural 20. No, looking about you, no. No. This is the young. This bird is like the adolescent. "And what's to stop them from hunting down a majestic creature as rare as this one?" "You, who live here in Emon?" "So you also are monster slayers, who come here under the guise to slay this monster?" "It's too much talk." Make a persuasion roll. This is essentially a conversational skill challenge. So every success and failure leads towards where the conversation's going to end. He gives you a look. Very intense, looking into your very essence-type stare. His little beady gnomish eyes meeting yours. (sighs) "If we're going to make this journey to where you say "this Vasselheim is, how far is it?" "Across the sea?" He looks back towards Keyleth, looks back at Scanlan, looks back at Keyleth, looks up at the bird. "Then looks like we don't have much of a choice, do we? If you can assure us enough food to "get across on this journey, we'll make our way towards this Vasselheim. I pray on the solidarity "between our kin, and our kin, that you speak the truth that resonates this moment. Because if it "does not, may the fall of this entity and myself weigh on your conscience." All right. It (poof) vanishes. "As the sun rises, two sizable pieces of livestock to be "placed at the boundaries of the usual hunting site. If those are there, and it is taken without "any sort of aggression, we'll take that as a sign that you are being honest, and we shan't bother "you or your people any further." For a moment, you think you hear a slight, uncontrollable chuckle from the gnome. To the north side of it? That would be the Lyceum. If he has another Fly spell, you could take it right back. "Ashari, you say? My dealings with them have been mixed. Perhaps I'll keep my distance." There are ample around. As you go and reach up, slaps you across the knuckles. "Why?" (sighs) "Elves. All right." You take three roc feathers. Yeah. They're almost boat size. You guys manage to get one for you and three for you guys before he's like, "Now go! Now! My "patience wears thin. I'm through with talking words." (sighs) (yelps) Okay. You guys coast back to the north side of Emon. You go to the door where the Klaus family is, and you speak with them for a while. You manage to convince them of the situation and what seems to be a mutually positive circumstance. They agree it's better to lose two cows than continue this. How much do you give them? You've never purchased a cow, so you don't know. An ox is not a cow. This is a good question. Let me look in the book. I've not had to look up the cost of a cow before. I would put it at about maybe 40 gold each. Because they can be used for meat, they can be used for milk. "Thank you so much. I greatly appreciate you helping with this. And you promise, this will--" You guys take two of the cows. You bring them to the outskirts. With rope tied around their neck, you essentially hitching-post them to the outside of this open area, about 20 to 30 feet from the actual holding pen. A few hours go by, and the sun slowly begins to rise. Place some of their feed and things around there. Eventually, the sun begins to rise across the eastern sky. As it crests, you can see some of the farmers come out, anxiously watching from their homes. You see different families gathering. The wings beating in the air, and it swoops down (swoosh) and grabs two of them. You can see some of the families gasp and rush inside, and some are amazed to see this even happen. It takes the two, carries them up, and heads out over the Ozmit Sea, passing to the northwest side, and over the next 30 or so minutes, slowly disappears over the horizon until it's no longer visible. You may. With that, (creak) the beginnings of the other side of your beard slowly begins to set in. The existing side has rounded itself off to a nice beard. It's pretty much where it's going to be on that side. The other side is now starting to finally catch up. And that's where we'll end on a successful beard check. More battle maps that will never get used. That would have been really bad, too. Well, just imagine a giant bird that grabs you and then drops you off the side of a mountain. Would have been an interesting fight. Cool. That concludes a unique Percy-less bottle episode of Critical Role. Squadron of flying midnight cows. That is probably the weirdest thing that's ever-- no, there's been weirder. That's in the top five of weird things that's happened in DND for me.