Hello, everyone! And welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors play Dungeons and Dragons, and occasionally curse at me before the stream. You ass. Every time. You guys have caught him a few times. Anyway, welcome to tonight's game. Ashley Johnson unfortunately cannot join us this evening. She's finishing up stuff at Blindspot, but we hope to have her back next week. Fingers crossed on that one. Sam Riegel also will be here a little late-- more than usual late. Travis will be taking over Scanlan until he arrives. I know you were kidding, but now you have to. We'll see what transpires by the time he gets here. Hopefully he'll have a character left. All right, so before we get started, we're going to go ahead and run through our announcements, so we can hop right in. We've got a fun game ready for you guys tonight. First and foremost, next Monday, at 700pm, here on Geek and Sundry's Twitch stream, taking over the spot for No Survivors, we'll be running a Critical Role one shot. I'll be running a game of Pathfinder, where our campaign actually started. A one-shot evening with a host of great players. Taliesin and Marisha will be joining us on that-- (cheering) That's amazing. All right. Well, welcome! Oh, night's still young, Travis. Remember, Twitch is live. That's not going to happen. So yeah! What happened? I can text you your character sheet. You have your PDF, you're good. Okay, so. I think-- Actually, if I recall, I think I may have left that behind as well. I made an extra copy of your character. There you go. He got this. Perfect. Next Monday, 700pm-1000pm, possibly a little over that, we'll see. You know how these sessions go. I'll be running a game of Pathfinder. Taliesin and Marisha will be playing, as well as Ivan Van Norman, as he is allowing us to take his spot for No Survivors, he will be a player in that game, as well as two special guests. We'll have Ashly Burch, the wonderful, talented, amazing Ashly Burch will be playing, as well as the incredible Phil Lamarr. That'll be our troop of five players. Yup. Ashly Burch, who's currently up for a BAFTA as well. 'Cause apparently if your name's Ashley, you get nominated for a BAFTA. But she was nominated! Exactly. She's awesome people. Love her to death and we're excited to have her on. But yeah, so that'll be next Monday, 700pm Pacific here. Come watch, it'll be fun! It'll be a little different than the usual stuff here. Let's see. Next up, if my phone would listen, there we go. Next week, next Thursday is our 50th episode. Crazy. It's been crazy that we've gotten to a 50th episode point, so it'll be a loose celebration. We'll have a game, couple surprises, and we'll be finishing it off with a grand Critmas finale for this year until we get in the holidays. We don't have a choice. Longest night ever! They're prepping to try and make it transition as fast as possible so we aren't here until 400am. Yes. Come next week for an awesome spectacular! It'll be great! You'll enjoy it. Good. Marisha, you want to talk about Hector's thing? Yeah, the opening joke for this next episode made me laugh out loud on the ground for five minutes. It's the best thing you've ever seen. You will die it's so funny! Exactly. Let's see. Also, if you guys haven't seen it, we did a fun one-shot game with Kinda Funny, with Greg Miller and their crew up in San Francisco and the episodes have been going up this week, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday, finishing with today, so if you want to go check it out, it's a ridiculous two-hour game we played, broken up over four episodes. I think the full episode goes up standalone tomorrow, but it's a lot of fun. We had Travis, Laura and Marisha all playing in that game and-- Yeah. Who'd you play? Yes, it was delightful. Marisha, what'd you play? I think it was Scottish McSweedsen. Accent McDialect. It's true. But yeah, that's fun. Travis, you got to play an Order of the Lycan Blood Hunter. So much bourbon. We may have been drinking during that game, I don't know. But go check it out if you haven't. It was a lot of fun. Sam, you had an announcement you wanted to make? Good man. Fantastical. Liam-- And last but not least, as the subscriber count continues, we're going to be doing giveaways. We actually got a great gift from Midnight Syndicate, who, those of you who may have paid attention, created a lot of the music that I use during our games. They're a phenomenal group that has incredible tabletop gaming-centric music for all sorts fantasy, horror, Lovecraft-- they have an incredible array of tracks and they sent us a bunch of CDs to give out to you guys. So we are now folding these delightful Midnight Syndicate CDs in as part of the giveaway as well. What's the milestone we're hitting for subscribers? So 16,800. When we hit that tonight, we'll be giving away the next giveaway, which will include this as well as art posters, and all the other good stuff we give away as part of our subscriber giveaways, so that's cool. Thank you, Midnight Syndicate, you guys are awesome. Check out their stuff on the internet for your own home games. It's brilliant stuff. All righty! So, without further ado, let's get back into the realm of Exandria. Yes. In Hobotown, USA. So last we left off, Vox Machina, having traversed many places in the world in hopes of finding a way to expel or destroy the Chroma Conclave, a collective of four chromatic dragons that together managed to destroy large bastions of society on the continent of Tal'Dorei and beyond in Wildemount. Thordak, the Cinder King, the seeming leader of their group, currently sits in the center of the partially destroyed city of Emon. The other dragons have scattered about and claimed their own territories. From this, the party has discovered the existence of these legendary magical items, referred to as the Vestiges of Divergence, that existed from wars long past. They were carried on from generation to generation that contain power that may be sufficient to defeat these creatures. You were sent to seek out the nameless sphinx that exists somewhere near the Frostweald. Weeld-weld. It's pronounced so many different ways-- It can be any of them, it's a magical world. The Frostweald. It's in that weird place. Frost Brimley. Frost Brimley is the most dangerous of forests, by the way. Everyone gets diabetes. Sorry. Somewhere the sphinx exists in the Frostweald, which the nameless mate to Osysa, the gynosphinx you met in Vasselheim, sent you to go seek out this information. Upon going to the town of Westruun to the north, it had been partially destroyed by the black dragon Umbrasyl, and in its absence had been taken over by what seems to be Grog's roving barbarian herd. They currently sit on the throne of the town of Westruun and have made some sort of accord with the dragon where they can both simultaneously rule that area as long as they continually provide goods, gold, and whatever they can procure from those who live within the city still. Deciding to continue south, the party made their way into the ever-frozen forest of the Frostweald. You stumbled upon a small hive of basilisks that surrounded an obelisk of Ioun, which gave you your first clue as to the location where this sphinx could be found. You battled the basilisks, destroyed their underground hive, or at least the exit from it, via Fireballs and other such stone wall endeavors. Found amongst the stone ruins of previous victims of the basilisks, you found most of Tyriok Gadsworth, the wandering cartographer, now missing a portion of his right arm. However, he is restored and alive, which is much better than how he was before and is currently leading you guys towards a camp of orcs, supposedly nearby, as some of the survivors of Westruun's destruction were camping far south and some were being captured by this roving orc camp. So you guys have just stepped away from the obelisk and the remains of these basilisks you've slaughtered. As Tyriok leads you guys from where he last saw-- at least where he saw some roving orcs before he found himself turned to stone in that previous area. As you travel along, the cold midday air of this forest, there's no wind. It's very still and very quiet, which is unsettling in a place that's so out and open in nature. Your boots are crunching through the snow, step after step, but you're still being as careful and as quiet as you can, moving along. Tyriok is shivering in the cold and one of you manages to pull out one of your extra blankets you have in the Bag of Holding to keep him from going into hypothermia. You guys press on for about ten minutes or so, and he's trying to look around and look at the placement of the sun, look at different areas that he'd seen within the forest and he's thinking to himself. "All right, so I recognize that mountain spire, time "of the day, that way is north, west. Follow me!" And he continues to lead you in that direction. Yes. You're terrible. "The best weapon I have is right here." He's trouncing through the snow, little bit ahead, stopping, looking about, before you realize that he's a huge target, he's making a lot of noise. You cast it before the battle. I don't recall if you cast it afterwards. Okay. "Yes?" "Why, that's what I was doing. Perhaps I should stand in the back, then, if you guys want "to go... Loosely that way, about 300 paces to the right of the second stone you see with the large "outcropping that looks like a gorilla's face, and then continue. I'll guide you from back here." He steps to the back. "Okay, okay." His eyes don't leave the blade and he goes, "Okay." Make a deception check. Make a persuasion check. He goes, "Perhaps this is best suited for someone who knows how to wield such dark powers." "Oh. This is more my speed." "Perhaps you have a third or fourth dagger I can try." "How about I take no dagger and I stay away from this? You guys are starting to be a little "weird." And he hands you the secondary dagger and he puts his one hand up. "To say the least. All right." "Okay." As you guys start walking, his eyes don't leave the blade as he takes each step and (whoosh). Okay, so I'll have you guys all roll a perception check, if you could. As you guys are walking, Keyleth shoots her arms out in a stop motion, and you look off and you can see past the clump of trees, maybe 60 feet ahead of you guys, two hulking-looking humanoids tromping through the snow, dragging something behind them. You hear the distant crunch of the snow and there's shape, but it's darker in the area where they are in the distance. Can't really make out a form, but you figure these are probably orcish in nature based on their gait and their outline. Eh, parallel, a little bit away. Have you guys all roll stealth now. Well, you guys are in the center of the Frostweald. So it's relatively thick trees, relative canopy. So what are you guys going to do? I mean, you recognize the terrain. It's a large forest. Not nearby, none that you've seen at least. If you want to go look for that, you could, but-- If there are paths, they're under so much snow and relatively fresh snow that's perpetually piled on this region, they're not visible at the moment. You can occasional hoofprints in the snow from some wildlife that might live in the vicinity of the forest. From what you can see around, you don't see any tracks from them specifically in front of you, from where they're travelling, it appears to just be the two of them right now. They're either scouts or hunters, and the closer you guys, as you slowly approach, to get a better view, they're both dragging what look to be like two boars that were killed, are currently being dragged by their legs over their shoulders, leaving a trail of crimson in the snow behind them. So you guys-- Okay, you don't catch up, you follow. Okay. So you guys continue moving forward, watching them as they go, at a far enough distance. Pike's doing her best to walk behind in the snow, but it's okay! She's barely moving her upper body to make sure it's minimal amount of movement. Yeah. Listening out, you can hear the occasional laughter, too far away to hear any sort of language, not that I think you understand or know the language Orcish, but eventually they come over a hill, and down, and you see it first as you crest over. You can see there is a small clearing in the forest of this area, where there are two tents, what looks to be relatively filth-stained tents, like they've been used for an extended period of time, covered in dirt and mud and other things. You can see a small pile of skinned bodies to a side of one of the tents. There's a large stump next to it, with a trail of blood that leads up to it. You can see there are two small fires that are set in the center of this area, where they're keeping warm to themselves. And these bundled-up orcs are sitting around the fires, drinking. You can see some of them have random silver mugs or cups, some have steins, some have carved pieces of bark that are used as a means of drinking. You can see outside of these tents what appear to be large barrels or casks of wine or liquor that have been probably raided from the camp they found outside of the lake. You can see a couple of them are much larger than the other orcs. One of them is sitting down by the fire and is chuckling with the rest. You see to the back of the camp, there is one that's taking javelins and chucking them up in the air, and they're arcing through. And every time he chucks one, you hear a (scared noise), and as soon as you move to the edge of it, you look over and there is a young man who's strung up by his torso from one of the trees and it looks like a few of the orcs are making target practice. They've already hit him twice. There's one that's sticking out of his thigh and another one that's embedded itself in his shoulder, and little trails of blood streaking down, but he is currently strung up like a piñata and they're having fun with him. You take a moment as the rest of the group catches up to you on the edge and you can see there are a few other people being kept inside the tents right now. One large orc musters out, adorned in thicker armor than the rest of them. He has a band across his head with a big old rough, uncut gem on the front. He starts barking out orders to a few of them. One of the larger ones stands up, and he's probably a good foot taller than the other orcs, lumbers to the back of the two tents and you can see there are two bears that are currently chained up to the back. He reaches over and grabs one of the skinned bodies from the side of the tent and throws it to the two bears and they immediately start tearing it apart and eating it. At this point the rest of the party catches up to you. Yes. In fact, I could probably show you now. Since you have-- The barrels are right there, right there, and right there. There, there, and there. Yes. They haven't noticed you. You are probably back here, a good 60 feet outside of the outskirts of the camp. They don't seem to have noticed your approach and this is entirely however you guys want to approach this. It's mid-afternoon. No, you haven't rested since the basilisks. It was a bump in the road, the basilisks. Once it's cast, it's 24 hours that door stays there. You guys are probably about 60 feet away from the far outside of the campline, so around this ring here, just outside of where the table edges are. You're probably closer to about 60 feet away right now, you can move for-- So who all's flanking around? All right, so the twins and Percy, where are you guys going? Over here? Okay, so. All right, are you going with him? Okay, Percy, you're going with Vax? Okay, easy enough. You get a bead on him, in the outskirts there. You're going to be right there. So Grog, where are you going? Vax? All right, so you make your way around. Keeping your guys' existing stealth checks, which were okay. Okay. Not stealthy. Okay then. She stays there. So Pike's going to go-- Scanlan, you're moving back? Where are you going? Where do you guys want to go-- Keyleth, for this distraction? Where do you guys want to set up for the distraction? All right, so you guys are set up right about there. You're further back. I can only put you so far away from the table edge. All right, Pike's going to stay up with you, since you have the bead right now and if worse comes to worst, she can help rush in and try and help at that point. All right, so who's doing what? All right. Okay, back far this way? Okay, I'll put this little dice on the corner to represent where the door is. These two right here are taking turns. At this point, you hear another (grunt, scream), and then some (condescending laughter). Oh, moving up to here? Right there? All right. Who's up next? Who's doing what? For what? Percy's taking the bead, waiting for the distraction. What are you conjuring? You have to know what you're doing. I hate conjuration spells, by the way guys, so you all know. The worst spells in the whole game. Does it really? Fuck that spell. (laughter) Fuck that spell. Conjuration needs to die. No, conjuration's great, when you're not the DM. How about some dryads? We'll go see what their challenge rating is. Past the devils. And no, we're not doing the whole pixies Polymorph. That's so dumb. Not even going to lie. Challenge rating of one. I don't think centaurs are fey. Two dryads. You can do up to two challenge rating-- We will say here, two dryads. Where are they going? Right there? Now, suddenly the dryads pop into being and these two humanoid green nature entities that look humanoid but are covered with leaves and their skin has the texture of bark in places. Beautiful, wistful, both appear, summoned out of the ether and land on the snow. The ground gives out from under them, they both go, (screams) and fall into a pit here. This whole section here has now crumpled below. The dryads, however, have to make a save. One of them saves. That wasn't you guys. Like right there? Okay! All right. One dryad dies a horrible screaming death. (screams) And the other one you hear is breathing heavily from the inside right now. At which point, a bunch of the orcs turn around. I need both of you guys to-- let's see, because they're making active perception. What was your stealth check, Sam? (chuckles) Okay. All right. All 60 feet, you avoid the pit, you roll around, all the orcs look over. "Huh? "Stupid gnome!" Initiative has now kicked in; I need everyone to roll initiative. (laughs) Jesus Christ. All right, so-- Initiative orders. 25 to 20? Whoa. All right, 25. So we have Vax. 24, Percy. Keyleth and Grog. Oh man. 16. Vex. And then Pike, right after you! 11. Tyriok is hidden away. As you guys begin to approach the camp, he's like, "I'm going to "stay back here." So he's way out of the field now. Scanlan bringing up the rear. As he would want to. All right. So that brings us to the top of the combat round. All the orcs now have stood up, grabbed their weapons, and they see this giant hamster wheel of a gnome rolling into the camp. They all look really confused but have their weapons ready to go. Vax, you're up first. You used them on the basilisk fight. Right there? All right, go for it. 21 hits. Not surprise. They have been made aware that there is a threat, as Scanlan rolled in. You do have advantage because he doesn't see you. So it would sneak attack. 29 points of piercing damage. The giant creature, as the dagger (whoosh) through the air, doesn't even notice it. It's looking over where Scanlan is and is grabbing the chains and breaking them from where the bears are currently bound. Hasn't broken them yet, he's going in for the pull as the dagger (impacts) the back of its neck and it's looking over in the direction where it came from. What are you doing? Okay, go ahead and go for it. Roll for stealth. 30? He glances over in your direction, looks up, looks in the other direction, reaches up and goes to pull the dagger out, but it's already gone. (roars) And angrily yells out into nothing. Has no idea where you are. Awesome. Ends Vax's turn. Percy, you're up. You do, actually. Yes. Go for it. Correct. How long does it last, though? I will check. It's been about an hour or so since that last encounter as you were travelling through the forest, so with Hex, up to an hour. Yeah, unfortunately. For you, yeah. 'Cause it's the feat as opposed to an actual class feature. All right, taking your aim. Sharpshooter or not? 24 hits! Heavy plate armor covered orc-like creature. Bigger than a regular orc that you've seen before. Yes, he does. That is going to be a nine, 'cause he rolled really bad. So with that (impact). 15 points of piercing damage. As you (gunshot) rockets off, the sound cracks through the air. All the orcs now glance over in your direction, as the bullet streaks past them, tickling the bottom of the feet of the guy who's strung up, and slamming into the chest of the armored orc. Lands straight on his back on the ground right there. All right. Right there? Go for it. You reload and then the third attack for the shot. Is that even with Sharpshooter? (chuckle) All righty. 33 points of damage. You blow that orc's head clear off its shoulder. Spray of mist comes out the top of his form, as he slumps down into the fire in front of him. Two other orcs look over at you, who are now clearly visible. (grunts) (chuckles) All right, that ends your turn. Brings us to Keyleth. They weren't coming and looking at the edge of the pit, they all looked over in the direction of where Scanlan was rolling in, around the center. They're all still in place watching this giant gnome roll in, but some of them have looked over at Percy, who's firing a very loud weapon in their vicinity. He's about 15 feet. Did you use your scorpion form? You haven't taken a short rest. Yeah, so you can't-- Scanlan is right here. Between? You know what? You may have, yeah! If you want to do that, I'll let you do it. We'll say we allowed a short rest, that way you were reviving Tyriok and everything. That's fine. All right. All right, go ahead and make an athletics check. You know what, this would be strength. Yeah, we'll make it strength. 17? Okay. The orc looks as you (explosion) out of the snow and rock being thrown out of the area, and, "Huh?" looks over his shoulder at you with confused look, goes to wring the edge of this giant club it's holding to come towards you as you grab both shoulders, gives you this look of utter, sheer fear, as you lift him up and lob him over the side into the pit. Yeah, he does not make his save. 28 points of damage. Yeah, you hear a (pained grunt). You don't know. (high-pitched grunt) (laughter) The dryad was almost out of the pit, climbing her way out (heavy landing). All right, so Keyleth, does that end your turn? All right, Grog, you're up. So I'll let you go to the back of the initiative order. All righty. Vex? What you got? I mean, no one seems to have noticed you at the moment. Six spaces, yeah, 'cause you don't have any additional movement from there. You can keep moving if you use the rest of your action to move again. Yeah. All right, which one do you want to shoot? The one right there? Okay, go for it. Both attacks? 18 just barely hits. That hits. Roll damage twice on that. Yes, on the first one. So roll an additional-- 22 points of damage for the first arrow. Nice. Second attack? No, just the first one. 14. Nice. You pull two arrows out and release them both at once. As you duck behind the tree, the guy who's pulled out this giant greataxe and is now starting to lumber in the direction of Keyleth, this giant earth elemental that burst out of the ground. Both arrows sink in. Go ahead and roll stealth again. As both arrows sink into the back of the armor, piercing through, and embedding themselves a few inches or more into the back of this, this creature looks over its shoulder towards you. What'd you roll? 36? Glances back over. Doesn't seem to have any idea where the arrows came from, but is grimacing in the pain. End your turn? All right, Pike, now, is going to-- As everyone's scattered about, Pike is going to move forward. Let's see here. Yeah, going to do what Pike would do. Guiding Bolt! (laughter) So Pike is going aim it at one of the guys, one of the guys with the javelins that was throwing at the guy, to prevent that from happening. Guiding Bolt on that. Ranged spell attack-- oh yeah, that'll hit. That's a 15 plus six. Yeah, that hits. All righty, that's 4d6 radiant damage to that guy. 4d6. 15 radiant damage. 15 points of radiant damage, the next attack against that guy has advantage, as he's now a giant beacon, as the blast streaks forward from her extended hand, smashes into the front of this orc, drops the javelin in his hand, spins around, looking in the direction she came from and you can now see there's this glow pulsing off the front of his armor. That's going to go ahead and end her turn, bringing us down to their turn. Now, this guy is going to try and get back up. He's going to bring down his greataxe onto the chains he was setting up, he was going to try and break them. Now he's going to smash it down. Breaks both of the chains and both of the bears are now free. He got up. He can still only move three more squares, there. That's going to finish his turn. This guy here is going to lurch forward in the front of you, Keyleth, and take two swings with his greataxe towards you. That is a 17 to hit? All right, so that hits. And then that is an 18. 17 and 18 both hit you. You take 24 points of slashing damage, as each smash of the greataxe streaks across the front of the stony armor that you wear, breaking off chunks here and there, but there's plenty more where that came from as an earth elemental. That ends his turn. Let's see. This guy's going to rush up, this guy's going to rush up, this guy here is going to attempt to climb out. He gets partway up, starts cresting over the edge, he's not up because he was knocked prone as he fell, so he's over the side. Percy, you see one orcish arm come up and start to pull itself out the side of the pit. This guy here is going to move up, grabbing another javelin. This guy is going to pick up his javelin from the ground, move over this way, seeing that the earth elemental is being taken care of, and they're both going to throw javelins at you. Let's see, that is a 24 to hit. Yes, you can. Go ahead and roll. Well, what does it say on the gloves? Yes, exactly, so it is eight points of piercing damage. As it chucks the javelin, you catch it and stop it in midair. Stab it into the ground. As you're thinking how awesome that was, the other one rolled a natural 20. (groaning) However! Still rolled pretty low on the damage. That's going to be nine points of piercing damage for the second one. What does it say on the glove? It's a reaction. You only get one reaction per round, so no, you cannot. That one was a 20, a natural 20. Yeah. So yeah, you take nine points of piercing damage as the other javelin streaks past you, it cuts past the shoulder, nothing too bad, but didn't quite take away from the moment that you just got to enjoy. Nine points of piercing damage. All right, that ends that orc's turn. This one, the one that seems more decorated with the gem-encrusted headband runs out and starts shouting orders. He's going to come forward and begin to attempt to attack your orb as well. All three strike at the orb, trying to cut through. If you want to. Make a deception check. Deception, yes. As they're all striking at this sphere, sparks of arcane energy shooting off with each blade attack against the outside, they're all getting winded. You can see sweat dripping off their brow, as they're not seemingly making an impact. However, with each pained cry you give out, you see their grins widen. And they realize, no, this is working. And all three of them keep hacking at it, as the one war chief is like, (yelling in Orcish) and they keep slamming at the sides of this in hopes of cutting through it. This one, two javelins there, that's good there, that's good there. I don't think they have one, in there-- nope! So that is going to be the end of their turn. Now the bears are going to go. The two bears are going to go tromping forward 40 feet. 35, 40. This one's going to go ahead and run past to there. Since they can't attack anything, this one's going to keep moving around. He uses his movement to get behind there and starts biting at the back of the ball. This one will get over to the earth elemental, as it is the biggest and most visible target. All right, that's going to go ahead and end their turn. Scanlan, you're up. Okay. The orb vanishes, and with a flick of your wrist, a goodbye wave, you vanish entirely from sight. Which tent do you want to appear in? So you appear inside this tent. And on the inside you can see there are two people that are currently within. Just to mark where the tent is. They are human and they're pretty brutalized. One of them you see is this relatively well-dressed nobleman, his clothing filthy. Part of his face is swollen and bruised from what looks like he's been beaten within an inch of his life. The other one is a woman and you can see, one arm appears to be broken and she's cradling it in her hand. And they're both recoiling and holding to the back, like the corners of the tent, and when you appear, they both gasp and begin naturally scrambling away before they realize you're not an orc. Yeah, you don't have movement. You can start to move over to start unbinding them if you want to. Okay, so you go to the rope bonds and start helping them try and release themselves. Okay. That's the end of Scanlan's turn. Grog, you're up. 30, 35, 40-- 45-- (cheering) We'll say, go ahead and make an acrobatics check to try and move between those two guys. 20. Okay! You manage to, in a rage, as you're rushing through, yelling. They're all confused by the moment of the disappearing hamster ball of a gnome, look over their shoulder, and you dive into a shoulder roll, like a bowling ball, slamming into two of them, finding your feet on the other side, swing around, and the two that you pushed past, knocked on their shoulder, didn't fall off their feet, but you manage to push your way through, land in place, spin around. You can take the rest of your turn, if you want. Right there? He's just out of range. Okay. It'll be either one of those two guys. All right, go for it. I'd say, go for each attack, just in case, individually, just in case you manage to kill one, you can move on to the next. Yeah. Well no, do the first attack. 15 for the first one hits! 18 points of damage, all right. Does fail its save. 24 points of damage? 24 to hit? 24 hits. 18. The first hack cleaves into the side of his shoulders, the second one you bring across his midsection and his whole innards spill out onto the snow. Crumples into the ground before you. As a bonus action. But you're already using your bonus action as a frenzied rage. Yeah, so you can do that outside of a frenzied rage, if you kill something. He also did fail his save on that, so you got another bonus to strength. What's your strength at now? Plus three on top of that? Nice. All right, what was the attack? When you take a short rest, yeah. Yeah. I believe for Craven Edge-- Short rest, yeah. But you can say you don't have to take a short rest if you don't want to. It's up to you. Yeah, if you wanted to keep it, you would have been able to walk around aggressively and maintain it. That's fine. Okay. 27 hits. Oh, that's the damage, all right. Well, if you're rolling to hit, right? Whoever you're attacking, the AC differs. So what was your attack roll on that one? Yeah, no, that hits the bear. So go for it. Damage the bear. 27 points against the bear, got you. All right, so after completely gutting the first guy, you turn around and slam the axe into the hide of the bear. Up close, you can see, the bear, unlike Trinket, edges of its shoulders and parts of its spine, you can see bone protruding out in points and juts. It's different, a little more dangerous than a regular bear you've encountered at the get-go. However, your blade does sink a good four to five inches into its hide, cleaving a giant wound in its side. It howls and seems very pissed off. But so are you. He did make his save at 15. That end your turn? That ends your turn! All right, back up to the top. Vax, you're up. Magic-using orc? Oh. That one? Oh yeah, right there. To the damage? Go for it. 17 hits. 15 misses, unfortunately. Yes it does. 39, is that with the plus ten? Sharpshooter? So 49. 49 points of damage, as you dart up along the side of the tent, getting behind the barrels. It sinks right into the back, between the shoulder blades of the chief orc of this group. You see his whole body tenses up from the severe amount of pain and he tries to reach at from the back and spins around, looking straight at you. All right, okay. Ending your turn there. Percy, you're up. Roll for an attack. Right, no. I understand. I do not believe the javelin is finesse. So this may be a strength-based attack. Let me double-check. So it's your strength bonus plus five. What's your strength modifier? So plus six for this roll. Technically, you get advantage because he's there, technically prone as he's getting up out of the-- 11. Your first attack you whiff. He ducks out of the way, actually pulling down into the pit and it misses his head, and he gets up again and extends a hand to reach out towards your ankle. That hits. As soon as he reaches out for your ankle, you pull a pistol out and he looks up at you. The front of his head detonates and he slumps backward, falling into the pit silently. The two guys that were throwing javelins at you have watched this happen. They seem unaffected, they're just really pissed off at you. Orcs aren't-- they're used to seeing their friends die, they keep coming at you, so these two are like, (growls). Your left, okay. Okay, go for it. 26 hits. 17 points of damage, got it. This one is a gut shot, hits him on the side of the stomach and you can see part of the back of the armor blow out, and he grabs it for a second and keeps looking towards you, seemingly un-fully phased by the impact of the blow. Going to stay where you are? Okay. Use that pit to your advantage. Good. Ending Percy's turn, Keyleth, you're up. Vex, you're on deck. (laughs) Okay, so you'll move one, two to get into combat range with two of them. Go ahead and make a slam attack against each of them. Yes. All right. I'm going to say those both hit. Go ahead and roll slam damage. Ten points. So you take the larger orc who's coming at you with full plate armor and this greataxe that it's bearing towards you, hacked at you twice last round, and the one that just got shot in its gut by Percy. You stumble in the front of them and they both look up at you for a second, snarl before you go, "Knock-knock." (whack) Crack their heads together. The one that Percy shot pulls back, its nose is smashed and it's a smear of blood on the front of its face, it's still standing but it stumbles back a bit. The other orc, however, as you pull back in your hand you look down, most of its face is completely caved in, you hear a slight gurgle and a little blub of blood come out of what used to be its mouth before its body goes limp in your grasp. Sure, you take it and throw it over your head. It arcs right in front of you, Percy, down into the pit. You hear a (yelp) as the final remnants of the dryad are crushed by the fall. All righty. That finishes your turn, Keyleth. Vex, you're up. Yeah, he changed his initiative. Okay, this'll be your action to do this. Over here? Okay, so using your action and Trinket's bonus action as part of the attack here. Trinket all of a sudden leaps out of the necklace, slamming into the larger bear in front. For 30 feet, that's five, ten, 15, 20, 25, 30. What's Trinket's movement? 40. You have 40, landing right there. Go ahead and roll three attacks. 12 hits the bear. It's a big bear. What's the second attack? 15 just hits the orc. And the third one? All right, so go ahead and roll the Cannonball damage on those two. It should be on Trinket's sheet as one of the attacks. If you don't have it written down, I have it in my-- Okay. (laughs) That's okay. I have it here in my pdf, it's fine. As part of your beastmaster-- I will fight you. All right, 2d6 plus eight bludgeoning damage. However, the one that missed does get an opportunity attack against Trinket. Okay, 12 on the first. As the bear slams into the larger bear, like rolling over the top, and then comes down onto the second, the other target, the orc, smashing into him. The orc almost gets knocked off his feet and then the third one sidesteps and swings at Trinket, so go ahead and roll damage for the second orc. 17. Trinket crushes the other orc who'd already been softened up from the blow from Keyleth's earth elemental. As Trinket rolls past, you can see this crushed form of the orc on the ground in the snow, crushed in place. Most of the bones broken and turned to dust. The third one, however, sidesteps and is going to go ahead and take a swing at Trinket. That is going to be a 19 to hit. 20. Right across the top of Trinket's armor, no effect. That's going to be your turn, though. All right. That brings us to Pike. Pike-- Sure. You did not start your round hidden, unfortunately. Or did you? Oh no, you did, you did! You totally did, yes, so you can hide. Roll stealth. You'll have to move back over here-- So you move back behind the tree so you can find a place to hide. And then you go ahead and vanish. Cartoon-style, like run behind the tree and don't come out the other side. Pike's going to go ahead and, one, two, three, four, five. With the view there is going to go ahead-- Pike's going to go ahead and continue to run over here, because she sees that the guy who's hanging up there who has three javelins stuck in him now is like passed out and bleeding. She's making her way around to try and heal him. All right. Their turn now. This guy here is going to go ahead and converge, well no, locked in with Trinket, he's not going to take the attack of opportunity from him. This guy's going to move here, that orc's going to move around to-- I know. This bear's going to go ahead and move in on you, Marisha. Big old dire-bear-looking creature bearing down on you. All right, so. The war chief begins to scream out, (yelling in Orcish), pointing at you, Grog. And you see the other orc on the other side goes, (yells) and seems to be energized by the rousing cry that it's given, so advantage on attack rolls for all within earshot. This guy's actually going to move-- All right. So since I moved him up last round because he was hiding behind a tree there, so the other larger orc, the one that was tending the bears rushes up alongside with you as well, Keyleth. All right, so the war chief is going to make one attack as a bonus action, it can do that against you, Grog, with advantage. That's going to be a 22 to hit. All right. You take 16 points of slashing damage, reduced to eight, because you're raging, so eight points of slashing damage as the war chief comes down with its greataxe. It sinks a few inches into your shoulder and it carves it down, almost matching the scar you have across your chest, and grinning at you the whole time. As you grin back at it, his friend is going to come up with its greataxe and is going to come down, this is with advantage as well. That's going to be a 17 to hit? That misses. As it comes up overhead to try and swing down to go towards the top of the nape of your neck and head area, you notice out of the corner of your eye, bring up your sword and deflect it down into the snow behind you, looking over your shoulder at it. The bear is now going to come up alongside and is going to make a bite and a claw attack against you. That is going to be a 19 to hit? And that's going to be a 21 to hit. So you take nine points of piercing damage as it bites you, reduced to four. We'll say four, I'm trying to round down consistently going forward. So you take four points of piercing damage from that, and then you take 12, reduced to six slashing damage. Total of 11 points of damage. Or ten, you're right. From the bear. Bear attacking you, actually no, first the orc attacking Trinket now. With advantage. Oh man, that's a 16 even with advantage. Just slamming a greataxe over Trinket's armor, Trinket-- Bear against you, Keyleth, that's going to be a natural 20 with the bite. And natural 20 with the claws. Two natural 20s in a row, that bear wanted a piece of you. 18, 24. We're looking at 30, no, 42 points of damage on you in your elemental form from the bear. Bear bites into you and takes a mouthful of stone and tears a chunk out of the front of your sternum area and then with its claw swipes across your face, ripping part of your elemental jaw, exposing a little bit of soft earth beneath. The other large orc, the larger one with its axe is going to take two attacks with its greataxe against you. That is a 21 to hit and an 18 to hit. Yeah, the other large orc there. All right. You take 24 points of slashing damage as both of the greataxe blows come on from the other side, you're being-- --chiseled down now. Yes. That's going to end their turn. That brings us to Scanlan. We'll say as your action this turn, you will have been able to get them both out of their rope-binds, including the one that has the broken arm. It's not-- the back flap is currently hit into the ground with a stake. It shouldn't be too hard to lift it up if you want to try. Which way do you want to go? So right there? Okay. They come out, seeing all the action happening, looking really nervous. Give you a nod, and the woman says, "Thank you." And they both turn, and if you point out the shimmering light, they (running) and bolt off spending the entirety of their round-- Okay, they won't quite reach the door, but they're on their way out. From there, yeah. Tiny gnome feet. You do. You don't see-- well, you see Pike, because you're running behind. Pike is not making any tink-tink-tink. Behind you, you can see Grog in a frenzy. Yeah, you can't see Percy. If you've ever seen an earth elemental go, huh? But you take your d10 inspiration die because it was a catchy tune, seems familiar. All right. That's going to end your turn, Scanlan? Grog, you're up. Go for it. First attack? 21 hits. Roll damage. 20. With that, you take the axe and you swing it in a wide arc across the front of the bear's body. As you hit the edge of the bone, it splinters at the impact, and its shoulder-joint is knocked out. The sword continues and cuts right halfway into its throat and actually manages to cut through a very main artery and the bear begins to bleed out on the spot, onto the ground. With the constitution of the bear, no, it makes it. 14. It is dead, the bear is no longer of the realm of the living. You still get, it's your bonus action-- Right. So unless-- it's only helpful when you're not frenzying. When you're frenzying you get it every turn. Yeah. Yeah. Regular one or the war chief? Sure, all right. Regular attack or Great Weapon Master? Go for it. 22 hits. Go ahead and roll damage. 18. Makes his constitution save. So already still wounded and bleeding from the dagger that Vax left in him earlier, you manage to take the blade down, sweeping across the front of its armor, cutting and actually destroying and causing this jagged edge to the front of its armored breastplate. Make your next attack. Okay, go for it. With advantage. Okay. So roll damage. So you multiply that by two. Right? Before the modifier. 2d6, which you rolled what? Right, so it's seven times two, so 14 plus your modifier and your rage. Right. So that's plus 20 is what you're looking at on top of that. So 14 plus 20, 34, and then roll 4d6 on top of that, Brutal Critical. How do you want to do this? (cheering) So you throw the blade down, handle-first, it falls a little bit forward. You reach forward and grab the war chief and pull him down onto the blade. He looks up at you, staring into your face the entire time as you pull him over each jagged inch of the blade. The life expires as it falls forward on the blade. Let me go ahead and make a constitution save. That is 18, makes it. But he is done, that war chief is done. Well done. That brings us to Vax. All right, glancing at the tent by the way, you do see there are a few people in there that are still bound and shaking and trying to look out and see what's happening. All right. Yes, that guy right there? Yeah, that misses unfortunately. Or it doesn't miss, it hits him but it hits the armor plates of his full plate, it's too, or the plate of the armor it's wearing is too strong and the blade can't pierce it. That does hit. Correct. 25. With that, the first one hits the armor and streaks off and vanishes into the snow. The guy turns around and looks over and looks at you directly, grins, shrugging off the earth elemental to his side, grabs his greataxe and begins to move forward in a direction towards you angrily. However, as you let loose the second dagger, it catches him right in the center of the face, embedding itself between his eyes, and one wanders off as the momentum carries it forward three or four steps. (thudding) And grinds its face into the ground right before reaching you, into the fire. The body catches flame as soon as it lands, collapsing into one of the campfires and it begins to burn. Yep, to the side of your Blinkback Belt. All right, do you want to stay right there? You have more movement if you want to use it. Three more squares, 15 feet. Through the fire, you can if you want to. Make an acrobatics check, go for it. Okay, yeah, you basically run and leap up over the body of the guy you just killed, using him as a stepping stone, and you see ash and embers (whoosh) out the side as the pressure pushes him further into the fireplace. You leap in the air, land next to the one orc that's attacking Trinket and right next to where Keyleth is currently standing as the earth elemental. Percy, you're up. That was way too good. Your turn. Percy's turn, yeah. There are two guys standing right now, and a bear. Oh, disadvantage on your next roll. Percy, what've you got? Okay. Go for it. 29 hits. He does. Into the fire. So it does 13 damage, runs back, falls onto the body of the other orc that's currently now engulfed in flames and catches fire himself. He takes six points of fire damage on top of that. and is currently in danger of catching fire. Yes. Go for it. No, sharpshooter is your feat. Trick shot, you can't take multiple trick shots, but you can sharpshooter and-- Made a mistake once, we learned. 23 hits. Big bear. It's not that hard to hit. That is 11. Headshot? All right, so you go ahead and roll damage for that. 25 points of damage. You-- after you fire, the one orc stumbling back and catching flames, you turn around and look at the bear. Fire again, it strikes the front of its bony ridge on its head, where the brow line is, shattering part of the bone and causing it to rear back. Looks very disoriented. It's still angry and ready to swipe, but it doesn't really know where it's standing at the moment. Go for it. Against? The bear? Go for it. Hits. That actually, with that shot, you aim for the other part of the brow, release it, and with that it shatters part of the bear's face. You hit a part of the bone ridge that causes the front of the skull to break, and you can see part of its face collapses a bit as the bear, in a pile on the ground. You do. Yeah. You have disadvantage if you do. Oh, oh sorry, to use a grit point... I was going to say, you could, yeah. So if you want to do that, go for it. With that, you aim, take a moment, fire the bullet. You catch it in a way where it doesn't completely cut the rope, it's one of those rare perfect shots where it takes two of the three threads that holds the rope together, as they untether, it causes his body to (creaks) and it causes him to begin to sway a little bit. As the counter-sway comes back, it snaps, and it manages to catch him to hit the edge of the tree, fall into a few branches that break his fall, and he tumbles out. Only taking one point of damage. That was a one in a million shot right there. One in 20 for you, yeah. One in a million for anybody else. But you're Percival. Okay, cool. That brings us to Keyleth, you're up. There are two orcs, one that's currently on fire and down in the flame trying to pull itself up. The other is currently whaling on Grog out of anger, but is starting to look around and notice it's not a very good situation. Keyleth, what have you got? This guy here? The fire guy. He's actually on top of another larger orc, so you burst through, the fire is destroyed and you see a bunch of the stone is thrown aside, what was the campfire has now been detonated in a burst of snow and earth. You burst out. Are you catching him? So you burst up, the bigger orc body then rolls off onto the ground and keeps smoldering. You catch the guy who's on fire, currently holding him above you. What are you going to do? You're clutching him. He's flailing about in your grip. Fire's out. So make a grapple check, it's an athletics. Yep. Roll a d20, add your strength modifier. He rolled a one. Yep. Through the flames and the chaos, he can't even resist, and you have him in a full grapple. He's not restrained, he can still attack, but he's at disadvantage on all his attacks, but he can't move, his movement is zero and you're currently holding him in place. At half-speed, yeah, you've already done 20 feet to get there, so you can move him ten feet. One, two. That's as far as you can drag him there. As you're pulling him back, and he's like, (struggling noises). All right, that ends your turn. Vex, you're up. Right here? Oh, the one behind him is the one that currently is being dragged away after being set on fire. Okay. Moves around. Go for it! This is your bonus action? You're giving him the attack on the bonus action? Okay, so yeah, so you get one attack and he gets both attacks. Go for it. All right, go ahead and roll damage on that. 12, all right. Okay. So you dart out from behind the tree and release an arrow, go for it. 20 hits. Go ahead and roll damage. 19 points of damage. This arrow strikes him in the side of the throat, he gurgles and falls on the ground. As he's trying to grab, Trinket uses that and pounces on top and rips out, tears its throat out. LAURA and That orc is done. Currently, at this moment, the camp is cleared out except for the one that Keyleth's currently grappling, and you guys all turn around and you can see now, there is the other tent still filled with people. The other two here disappear into the mansion's doorway. Make an intimidation check. Because of Craven Edge, yeah. The orc's looking at you, and while it was putting on a brave face, as soon as you approach, holding out Craven Edge, your muscles rippling with the arcane strength of the blade that his fallen friends have imbued you with, as each step happens the shadows that drift off the blade begin to drift up your arm and off your shoulder, and from his perspective the whole world goes dark around you as you take each step. And that grimace on the orc's face falls into fight-or-flight fear. He says, "No. We are the only ones. I am the only one." "We don't deal with goliaths." Spits blood, but it can only get, with what little bit of strength it has left, only dribbles down the chin in a not-very-aggressive way. He goes, "No. I should go to whoever made us. I will die here with my brethren. I will not "run a coward." "Rot in Kord's prison, half-giant." It's a horrific display. Even the earth elemental takes a step back. Fails the constitution saving throw. Yeah, Pike has gone over to help, and he's pretty messed up, but Pike's already gotten to him at this point while this is happening. You come over and aid and manage to keep him from dying. He's unconscious, still, and he slowly comes to consciousness-- Yeah, it's Cyrus. Bloodied, horribly brutalized, but alive. What's your strength at now? What's your strength score at? 21, nice. Fuck, dude. All righty. Yeah, there's three more in this side over here, you guys were-- You should have a higher strength than 20 if you kept it from the last basilisk fight. Because you're 17, you got how many bonuses from that combat? You've got seven bonus benefits. So you're 24 then, aren't you? Okay. So. Every time they fail a saving throw, your strength goes up by one. Every two strength, you get a bonus. That's how it works. So your strength is 24. Which means your overall strength bonus should be plus seven. Because your strength modifier normally is plus three, correct? At 17. With every even number it goes up, and it goes up one point by each time you steal a strength. Every two that you, every time it hits an even number, 18, 20, 22, 24, the modifier goes up by one. So yeah, if you're strength's at 24 right now, your overall strength modifier is plus seven. So it would be a plus four on top of whatever your normal attacking damage was already. Plus four on top of what you had normally, yes. As you're untying them, they're all, "Thank you, thank you so much, they took us in the night, "we didn't know, we thought we were dead." And some of them start breaking down into tears. There's a little girl in there that amongst everyone is probably the most stalwart, and is trying to calm one of the men that's sobbing, she's like, "It's okay, it's okay." And is patting him on the shoulder. "Yes. We were up by the base and they came in the night and they killed my wife and they took "me. They took everything." "Thank you." "Thank you." The little girl pipes up and goes, "Yeah, yeah, Wilhand. He was as tall as me." "I haven't seen him since we left town." "I haven't seen him outside of it." "Vanessa." "Thank you. You're very strong too." And you see she's a little-- bears are a rough subject for her, she's probably seen them eat a few people she knew. Trinket breaks free and licks you right across the face, your beard up to the side again. She chuckles. Okay. They were human bodies. The rest of the people, while you guys are doing this, have been escorted into the mansion. They're all in there being cleaned up, the servants are tending to them, and I mean, they'll be shat out of there in 24 hours, but-- At this point you hear a voice in the distance say, "Hey! Is everything all right?" Walking out from behind a tree, a one-armed man. He comes running over. "I heard a lot of "craziness going on. Those-- you did good, saw a little bit of it." "No, but I kept it there just in case." And he's still clutching it in his hand. (yelps) Spins around and swings it, loses his grip of it, and it (dagger flying) into the tree, and he's like, runs over, grabs it. "Okay, thank you." So you guys begin taking the bodies over and putting them into the pit on top of the orc that you blew most of the forehead off of. Well, the dryads have vanished by now at this point, the magic. You inspect the circlet, the circlet is more of adornment, looks like it was a symbol of power, does not appear to have anything magical about it, but the uncut gem in the center appears to be a raw ruby, probably worth about 150 gold in its current form. You also find on their bodies overall, from the ones that you have access to, an additional 230 gold pieces. And amongst the goods that have been gathered here, if you should wish to return them or keep them for yourself, there is roughly 700 gold pieces amongst the other bits of dried food, starting-to-rot vegetables. There are a couple boars that were dragged in, that have been killed. There is one unspoiled fire. There are four casks of varying size, there are two large, large casks, there's one giant grain barrel, there's one barrel that appears to be of a standard ale, and there are two smaller wine barrels. Only one of them appears to be labeled, or at least hasn't been fully rubbed off. They're nothing special, these are probably grabbed by whoever ran a tavern in Westruun and took what they could during the chaos. Fair enough. You've done it pretty well. You butcher the boar, there's already a stump set up for you, previously used for not quite as humane reasons, but you manage to prepare the boar, cook it over the area here. As the sun slowly begins to set, you guys take your short rest. Is everyone taking a short rest? Okay, so you maintain your damage, you still maintain your-- It's about five o'clock in the afternoon. Where the beacon is? Keyleth would be the one that knows, since she's the one who marked it. It's probably about an hour and a half's travel on foot to get there. Okay. The door is stationary, the door is on the outside of this camp. Not really. I mean, you will make a stealth check. I'm going to put it at disadvantage because you are, it's possible, but you're also a giant rocketing half-elf in the sky. Roll disadvantage. 23. All right. Cool. Don't forget your point of exhaustion, Grog. From the end of the frenzied rage. Polymorph. You follow her as a crow. That's so creepy. Perfect. So as you continue cresting over the top of the tree ridge, heading towards the direction that Keyleth points out to you, you guys swoop down. As the treeline comes to an end, the snow begins to subside and you reach the base of the Stormpeak. There, make a perception check, both of you, actually. What you got? 17? Okay. Mountains? Does not pertain to the forest, more of it's the mountain. 17, okay. As the sun finally hits the edge of the mountain range and begins to set, and the light's starting to diminish, you're having a hard time picking out details. You know the general vicinity that Keyleth pointed at you, it takes longer than you anticipated, but eventually you come-- and there are a few small caves and entrances to the side of this mountain, but after you sweep past once or twice, doing a couple loops, one catches your eye. You look at it from this vantage point. It looks like a small inlet, like a cavern. As you get closer, unlike the other rough entrances, this one seems intentionally carved in the mountainside in a triangle. Directly about 30 feet to its peak, there is a triangular entrance to the very very base of this mountain that is recessed into the mountain rock itself. He cannot. You can understand her, yeah. But she doesn't know if you understand. Okay. As you pull down to the edge of the tunnel, the cavern entrance, you can see the relatively worn, through time and weathering, the structure of the tunnel, even though it is intentional, it has been there for a long time, and you can see the effect that time has had on it, from what was once a very pristine entrance. Looking inside, it goes dark about 25 feet in. Do you want to step further into the cavern? Okay, so yeah, looking inside about 25 feet past, what little bit of daylight that still exists disappears into the shadow of the cavern, you don't know anything beyond that. Okay, so you pull out your arrow, the shaft ignites as you release it. It arcs forward and it lights up a little bit of the tunnel around it, tunnel continues-- Decent aim. I mean, it's not a wide target, she's shooting it into an open 30-foot space. From the narrative standpoint, it's fine. She could take another shot and it would make it there anyway. You can see it go through, and it arcs and then disappears. You see what looks like an edge, and it vanishes past it. Okay. You head down, coasting into the darkness. Does your form have-- If you have darkvision. But you, crows-- I will look it up real fast. Hold on, hold on. No, you do not have darkvision as a-- Yeah. Essentially, you coast into the shadow, hitting a couple things. You eventually hit ceiling. And coast down and you land harshly, taking three points of damage in your crow form as you hit and land and tumble down a few stairs. At that point, you're in complete darkness right now, you can see a faint distant bit of light that's barely creeping in from the entrance you came from. Around you, though, nothing. Okay. You come back as a gnome. Now your darkvision kicks in and indeed you can see there is a smoothly carved tunnel overhead that descends down a long flight of stairs. Make a perception check. And you have 60-foot darkvision? As a gnome? Okay, I'm going to look this up real fast. Because this is important to know for this circumstance. Does it actually have one hit point? Then yeah. There you go. So yeah, your vision just hits the edge of the staircase, which stops, and then continues forward. The darkness beyond there is obscured, or a hint of blue light that slightly shifts and glimmers beyond your vision. It seems like the tunnel ceiling ends as the path continues beyond that, and your vision is cut off beyond that. You cannot see, but you do see a very very faint blue shimmer coming from the tunnel beyond. (echoes) Scanlan, Scanlan, Scanlan. (echoes) Happen, happen-- You can go down further if you want to. You'd have to descend the stairs to. Because the actual tunnel continues down along with the roof and then as it continues past, it levels off. (laughs) Okay. All right, so you take the wand, and the Magic Missile, which gives a very faint candlelight glow around it as it is a burst of arcane energy, arcs down and slams into the stonework and filters out. The little flash you see at the base of the stairway, the stonework there is like a tiled square stonework, it looks like the further you descend, the more and more there is a constructed architecture to this place, however, the missile dashes against the stone tile floor at the bottom of the stairway. No other seeming reaction, that same blue glimmer unchanged. Okay, so. (hooting) An owl ascends quickly and spooks you. (echoing) Alive, alive, alive. (echoing) Scanlan, Scanlan. Vex takes off on the broom. All right. You guys head back to the camp, make your way into the mansion, and rest for the evening. You don't rest for the evening? Okay. At this point in time, yeah. By the time they've been gone, everyone's been buried, everyone's been taken care of, and you make your way back, waiting at the door for your sister to return. Yeah, so yeah, for not taking your evening's rest you get a second level of exhaustion and your speed is halved. Okay. So we'll go ahead and take a break as the party is resting for the evening, we'll be back here in a few minutes, guys, to continue this next chapter of Vox Machina's adventure. All right, see you in a little bit. [break] Yeah, yeah. "Yes." "I do." "I do." "He was a stalwart champion. He kept me fed. Mostly." "Doesn't interest me." "No." "Just the hunger." "It's all there is, is the hunger." "So close to being full." "I'm close." "Feed me and you'll find out." Yeah. It's hard to read the blade, but the disposition doesn't seem to have changed any of your previous conversations, so seems hard to read. It's a sword. "If you insist, Grog Strongjaw." All right. You all come to, rallying your breakfast, your chicken-filled breakfast. And some boar, freshly cooked by Grog, who has some dark circles under the eyes from a night of unrestful consciousness. Tyriok's like, "Yes, I can actually find our way back quite easily from this position, as we've "already traveled this way and I have a good memory for these types of things. I have to." "All right, then, that can be done, and can I take my satchel with me in case I can find some "way to recover it?" "All right." And he takes the stone arm-slash-satchel and tucks it under his arm. "All "right. Rest of you." And Cyrus steps forward. "All right, well, lead the way." And they all give you guys a thank-you, the little girl runs up, Vanessa, and hugs you and hugs Keyleth, and Cyrus and them pull a couple of the orcish weapons that were left behind and arm themselves. Cyrus actually takes a couple of javelins and is like, (sighs) "I think the proper way to make vengeance "with these. All right, you guys stay safe." "Really appreciate it." "Yes?" (laughs) "Oh, right, right, yeah, certainly." He pulls it out and hands it to you. "Oh, thank you thank you thank you so much!" Puts it back away. "I appreciate that. All right, so we'll be off?" The rest of the people nod, they take some of the supplies from the wagons, they begin making their way back on the already treaded path you guys made that Tyriok knows is safe to get out of the Frostweald. Insight check, go for it. Okay. So. What do you want to do? You guys informed the party of what you saw. All right. You guys make your way southward to the Frostweald. Frostweald? Frostwold? I will smite you. All right. You guys continue to head south, eventually following the path that you lead along with Keyleth's directional-- Indeed you do, make a perception check, being the scout person for this. You're in the forest, yeah, that is true. 25. With that, you manage to skirt the outside of what appears to be another localized basilisk nest. You catch it early enough and guide the party around it to avoid that on your way. You eventually make your way to the outskirts of the forest, the trees begin to thin out, the snow begins to melt, the temperature begins to rise somewhat. It's still cold-ish, but it's less freezing. Yeah, there's been a long-term enchantment over this forest that has kept it the way it is, you're not certain as to what the actual reasons are for it. Eventually, as the sun reaches not quite zenith but later morning, you find your way to the outside of this tunnel that you and Scanlan had found the evening before. There before you, you guys see the 30-foot-tall triangular entrance to this passageway deeper into the mountain itself. All right. So go ahead and make an investigation check. 17. Okay. Make an investigation check. Perception is to notice various details in here, if you're actually actively searching for trap mechanisms like that, investigation is generally more used. Yeah. I mean, they're both pretty similar in some ways and it depends on the circumstances. Perception and investigation, depending on the circumstance, one or the other. For the most part, perception would be like if you notice something wrong about the room, you'd be like, that stone seems different, then you would do investigation to try to find out what type of trap it is per se, or if you were actively searching for traps, that would be more of an investigation, like knowing where you've seen around, and seeing the terrain to possibly facilitate something like that. I know, it's all good. What did you have again? 22. All right. As you guys slowly descend the steps, as you get about 25, 30 feet into the tunnel before it lowers into these stone steps, and they're rather large steps. Each spread of your gait is wider than the common step, and these have been around for a very long time. You can see where the corners are, they're rounded. Looks like at points in time there may have been flooding in this area that has caused that type of softening of the stonework at the tip, though the little bit of moisture that's in this area seems to be from blown-in snow possibly or another source you don't currently see. It is pitch-dark in here, if anyone would like to-- He has darkvision. Darkvision, darkvision. Darkvision, darkvision. Absolutely blind. Okay, so you guys have a low candlelight, so it gives you a little bit of vision, but it's still very, very dim. You guys make your way down the stairway, step to step, and you can hear each footstep echoes as you continue downward. It progresses deeper and deeper and you begin to see this gentle blue flickering light at the very bottom of the staircase as it begins to approach, and your eyes have adjusted to the darkness at this point in time. It looks like it could be some sort of water-like movement, and as you hit the bottom of the stairway and it evens out into these square stone tiles across the way, you see ahead of you what looks to be a singular circular room with no exits from what you can tell at this point. Just a circular room that loops around, and in the center there is a ten-foot pool of a still, somewhat still surface of water. There is a little bit of movement because there is some sort of a cold breeze that was ejecting out of the tunnel, but there is no real source of the wind that you can pick up at the moment. As you entered this room? That was when you guys were going down the stairway, go ahead and make the roll. 24, okay. 18, okay. The two of you, there is a very, very faint blue glow that is emanating from below the surface of the water that is giving this very, very tiny bit of light to the room. Thankfully because most of you are darkvision-based, it doesn't impede you from seeing all the details in the room. Percy, you'll still not be able to make out the fine details. But between the two of you inspecting the edges, there are no seams, there are no doors, there are no other passages. You do, however, see script across the opposite side of the room that is chiseled into the stonework itself in Elvish script. Oh sorry, this is not Elvish, Elvish was the obelisk. What languages do you-- What languages do you know? It is a language neither of you know. Run it across? It is Celestial. Are you the only one that knows Celestial? (laughs) That is okay. All right, so. Looking at this, it reads, and you read it out loud, the translation. The thing about Celestial, it's interesting, it's a beautiful-sounding language that even the translation to Common is built into rhyme. It says, "Knowledge dost billow, "all realms are the shore. The sky a window, the water a door." "Knowledge dost billow, all realms are the shore. The sky a window, the water a door." It's about 30 feet across on a side. And it's a ten-foot pool. No, it's a pretty tight space. Yeah, in the middle, so you move around. So a ten-foot walkway around it. Okay. Go ahead and make a perception check. 25. Looking down into it, you see no bottom. You see the glow continues downward and it's almost like there is a very soft, faint source of light in there, but the water obscures it too much to see a bottom. It doesn't disappear into darkness, which leads you to believe that it's not endless, but you can't make out any details of where it would end or how far that is from where you are. You do see what looks to be slow, shifting movement of aquatic plant life that is gathered on the edges about ten feet down and further. Make an intelligence check. Straight intelligence. 15. There is talk of elements here, very plainly in the translation. It's possible. However, usually doorways to the planes have a very prominent magical signature to them, one that is especially, you are pretty sensitive to, being an Ashari, and that is a large part of what your people's charge is. You do not get the feeling that this pool is a gateway to another plane, per se, just a very deep pool. Hold it up and concentrate for a moment. Doesn't seem to spark, and there doesn't appear to be a reaction. Drifts from side to side, drifts down, glimmers occasionally, drifts, and then is out of sight. Okay. Your hand goes in the water. It is cold, it is in line with most subterranean pools that you've encountered. Not freezing, but very chilly. Reacts like any other water that you've encountered before. It's not particularly murky, either. Keyleth, (splash). You dive in, pulling yourself down. Sinking down, and you can see the tunnel around you, it goes from smoother stone to a little rougher and as you descend you can see the algae and various aquatic plant matter and life that is gathered around, until eventually you go down about 40 feet or so, your feet hit the bottom, and you can see it ends behind you but then before you there is a tunnel, there is a continued walkway underwater forward. You feel the impact as Grog lands right behind you. Let me see here. What's your constitution modifier? Keyleth? Two? Okay. Yours is five, right? For the constitution modifier? Yeah, so you can hold your breath for five minutes. Yeah, one minute per constitution modifier. For you it's two. After you've landed here, you're about 30 seconds in, looking around, Grog's there. Make a perception check, with disadvantage because of the water distortion. With disadvantage. (laughs) It's not hard to see. The tunnel continues, begins to curve upward about 60 to 80 feet ahead of you. It is choked with that heavy algae slowly drifting there, but there is a path you can see to swim through where it wouldn't really stop or halt your progress. But it curves upward. You're halfway through your breath, by the way. You're now at one minute. I'll have both you guys make athletics checks. No, not athletics. Oh, no, you do, because you have exhaustion. 12. What? 15. Okay. You guys aren't having a huge issue, you get forward, you can move about half your movement forward every six seconds or so, so you manage to make your way up into the center of where the plant matter begins to grow darker and more apparent. Grog, you start making your way through. I need you to go ahead and make a dexterity save at disadvantage. Dexterity at disadvantage because you're swimming underwater, in which movement is much harder as well. 11. All right. You take eight points of psychic damage as suddenly, out of the greenish plant matter, you see these red tendrils, these red vines of algae that begin reaching out towards you. One of them brushes against your shoulder, and you feel this surge of shock energy almost travel through your nervous system to your head, and it's like you have an instantly pounding headache and you feel your muscles begin to tense up. Make a constitution saving throw. You feel your muscles lock up as paralysis takes over. You watch as Grog suddenly tenses up, and the air that's in his lungs escapes in a big heave. So do you, you push yourself away, you jet? Okay. So you pull him back using Control Water to shove you guys. Yeah, the water's basically pushing you forward, like an ice man waterslide, and make your way to the other side. Grog, you, that's the first round to get you to the bottom there, your constitution modifier's five, you have five rounds before you're officially drowning. So she pulls you in, grabs you to the bottom. You look up. Using Control Water again to concentrate, this is going to take you two rounds to get to the top because you're carrying Grog's weight. You do see the form begin, Keyleth's face begin rising to the surface. Eventually she breaks through the water, carrying Grog, who's too heavy for her, and then dips right back down in the water. You grab and pull Grog out and onto the edge, and he's locked in place, eyes wide. Yeah. As you concentrate, you pull this single strain of water out of, it's the weirdest sensation you've ever had, as the water is pumped instantly from inside your lungs. (laughs) Yeah, it is. And the water scatters across the stonework on the side of the pool. It takes about 30 seconds before your muscles come back and all of a sudden you're-- Control Water lasts for up to ten minutes. Concentration. Where would you want it to go? You can't make water disappear. You can part it, you can do all kinds of things with it, the water still has to go somewhere. Or you can redirect the flow. Up to you. What do you want to do? The abilities you have to choose from are part water, redirect flow, whirlpool, but that's not really in your realm, or flood. All the way across, I'd say it's about 25, 20 feet across. Okay. So you dive back down? When are you starting to part it? All right. So. Okay. Do you guys follow suit? You're diving into water right now. You float down, because she didn't part the water of the top of the tunnel, you guys float down at a natural pace, eventually touching the bottom of the subterranean tunnel, holding your breath. Keyleth moves her hands this way and the water in the center of the tunnel actually parts almost like a bubble in front of you. You step into that open space now and you can breathe. You all catch yourself-- There's still droplets dropping around you. As you're holding it at bay and you push it off to the side, elements, a lot of the water has been forced out of the top for the time being wherever you're going-- Yeah. However, the planet life that was currently drifting freely is all to the ground, and is this giant mass of plant matter on the ground that is soaking wet and there. I mean, there is plant matter all over the entire surface. It's thicker on the edges, because a lot of it dropped down on itself. Yeah, it looks like a bunch of wet fur on the sides. You guys begin walking, what's the marching order here? Who's going first? Okay. Grog goes first. Okay. Who's after that? And Keyleth's following up the rear. Okay. Has Trinket stepped back into your necklace, by the way? Okay. Just making sure. Grog, as you step past, and you're stepping with a squashing sound as your footfalls hit each of the sections of the dark brown-greenish plant matter. It's really soggy, and Keyleth, as you're concentrating, it's a lot of water to part, and you're basically creating this 20-foot tunnel. As you begin stepping across, you can see the red vines begin to pull their way out, but without the water there, they can't support the weight of the vine itself, so currently they're unable to really shift in your direction. You can see them trying, you can see the vines (slithering) in the matted mass, but they can't actually work towards-- So as you dart across, you guys each individually make your way across the other side of the tunnel where the Control Water spell ends. You can see the curvature leading upward, there is still that barrier of water that's shimmering right there in front of you. You all eventually make it past that big central patch, and as it curves upward, you can look about 35 feet at a diagonal that way, you can see the surface of water that's where it breaks. Yeah. So you guys all take a breath as the water wall collapses behind you, rushes up, and like a water jet all of you get jettisoned out and have to catch yourself on your feet. (laughs) Scanlan's more like a waterslide, he comes out the end and feet in the air. It's fun, but-- Yeah! But you hit the sprinkler head you didn't know was under there. (groaning) So you guys all emerge outside of this pool now. You take a moment to look around as there is no light source in this room either. Those with darkvision, you look around and you see what appears to be a smooth, marble stone floor, very intricately carved, with four pillars surrounding the exit of the pool that you guys came out of. You can see on each of these pillars, facing inward, or not inward, sorry, facing outward of these pillars, what looks to be these stone lion heads. They each face outward. The chamber is also circular, but much larger, it's actually 60 feet across, from the 30 feet of the first chamber you came to. Okay. Make an investigation check. 18, okay. As you glance around with the dagger, and now that you have light as opposed to the darkvision that was before, you can see now. The room is a very deep blue cobalt marble, and the edges of each of these intricately carved pillars, where the base hits the rest of the structure, and along the walls you can see what looks like gold and platinum filigree and trim. It's a very beautifully, very elegantly built room. You look around the walls. They themselves are smooth with, once again, no door, no exit, however, you look around the outside of the pool that you came out of, and there is a three-foot-wide gold loop around it, almost like there's a big circular gold plate that surrounds the pool, and inside it is carved a language that you can't understand. You recognize it again as Celestial. All right, this one translates to "Betwixt the chaos, our order reigns, the ones who made us, "refined the planes. As ages die--" "Refined the planes. As ages die, their time an ember, the four endure, the four remember." As you look up as well, as you glance at more of the scenery, and you put the dagger up, right above where the pool is, there is a beautiful circular mural, the size of the room itself, 60 feet across from end to end. The ceiling is 40 feet tall. Glancing up across the mural, this beautifully painted image shows flames twisting and writhing in an arced pattern that then twist into broken rock and soil and earth and mountains that then break once again, sinking into an angry ocean, and that ocean then begins to rise into clouds into the sky, those clouds then dissipating and turning into raw flame and continuing the loop. In the center of this loop, there is a single dark hole in the ceiling. Make an investigation check. Scanlan, make an intelligence check. What are you looking for? Make it perception. I'll say sure, why not. Okay, glancing at the circle, I mean, it has a similar small gold band around the outside of it, but this mural is built around this central hole. It's about three feet across, it's not very big, and it goes straight up into darkness. Correct. Looking around the gold itself, no, but you're looking at the actual mural itself this close up, there is a texture to the painting itself, and you can see embedded within elements of the actual brushwork and where the flames meet the rock, you can see hidden lines. With what appear to be very very faint runes. It's a language you don't understand. This is not a spoken language. What languages do you know? These are rooted in Draconic. Very ancient, this is the basis of what most arcane runes are created from, as Draconic is the base root of arcane writing. None of them spell anything you understand with your knowledge of Draconic, however that is the base root of this writing, as ancient as it is. Okay. You have no idea what this is about, yeah. Pike's looking up and says, "This is beyond me, this is very old." You know, I'm going to make a religion check with her. Not bad. She goes, "Best I can gather, "these represent the elemental chaos, and the center is the prime, our world, that was crafted "out of that chaos when the gods came, just like we were told at the Platinum Sanctuary. That's what "you told me you found there." Yeah. They're all the same, and they all have that giant gold stone lion head facing outward from each of the pillars. Make an investigation check. Nothing really catches your attention. Solid. Cobalt marble. The mouths are closed. You take the Quall-- All right. What are you doing with it? Okay, you hold it up, and you see the bauble glows ever so faintly, and whenever you drift it over the mural, all the runes that are within a foot of it slightly glow as it passes over them, almost like a blacklight. It reveals them ever so faintly. Okay. You take the water-- You throw it on the column that matches the water overhead. You feel this slight grinding shift of stone. You glance around and the lion's mouth has opened. Same crumbling sound of stone and the mouth of the lion is now open. As you brush it across the pillar, once again, the lion mouth opens on the outside of the pillar. Okay. You create this little burst of soil, this little knob of wet mud and clay, and you circle it, smear across the side of the pillar. The fourth mouth opens. There's a low rumble. Suddenly each mouth of the lion begins to pour a constant cavalcade of sand. The pool immediately fills up, you guys noticing, this room, as wide as it is, across the way other holes have opened up in the side and sand is pouring in. So you ride up through the top, you go up about 60 feet to the very top before you get there. You have to take a second to go ahead and rummage and find the rope. The rope is on you at all times? Not in the Bag of Holding? Right, it's a robe. It's-- A pocket on the inside of the robe. So. You would have to get that from Grog first, it was probably in the Bag of Holding. Okay, at this point the sand has now come up to your knees, waist area, and you're having to climb out and get on top. The weight of both of you across it, especially with your weight, the broom (pff). Right, okay. I thought you were trying to lift him up with you. Okay. You pull up and you come off the top again into this chamber that leads into it. You can see with what your vision is a tunnel that leads ahead to a set of double metal doors. No. From what you can look over there, no. They are solid metal. At this point, about half the room is filled now. You hear that voice echo up through. Okay. It is a three-foot-wide hole. You'll be able to fit one person through there. Okay, yeah, so. So you get up out of the sand, now you guys have been climbing up best you can, but as the nature of sand you're still pulling in, as it's pouring in now, you see now, parts of the ceiling are starting to open. Okay, you grab the rod. You fly up, you take the rod and you set it in place there. Tie the rope onto it. All right. At this point now the sand's pushed up. You guys are on the last ten feet before it hits the ceiling. Okay. Pike goes, "Thank you!" You grab her and she holds onto the edge of the broom and you guys make it up that way. No, since the hole is just small enough where you pretty much have to go through single-file, so nobody else can climb while you're doing that. You guys go through, who's coming up first? You fly up after them. Who's going up first? Okay. Go ahead and make an athletics check. This would be athletics, because you're climbing a rope, a tiny-- No, it's circular. 19, okay. Making your way up. It's a long pull. All right. Who's up next? Okay, okay, go ahead and do that. 25, okay, that keeps you going. So you guys get up a third of the way, who's after you? Yep. Make an athletics check. 17, okay. You guys are all making it up, you get about a third of the way up, I need the three of you to make your checks again, as it is a very tight space and it's a very, very heavy pull up. You're just like-- 25 again. Awesome. 23. You guys make it up two-thirds of the pathway, now. You can see now the sand has reached the bottom, and at this point, you guys who made it up to the top, you look up as you notice part of the stonework above goes (fwsh) and sand begins to now fall directly on top of you guys, pushing past you. I need you guys to make one more check, with disadvantage because of the sand, because that was what the time limit was going to do. As soon as the timer went out, that was when the top one went boom, and capped off the top. This is athletics, yeah. 24. Right, this is you coming up from the bottom. So you make it up a third of the way now. What'd you roll with dis--? 17 with disadvantage? 25. You actually have to climb over Percy to get past, because Percy's being held up from the sand that is coming down. Grog, it's starting to catch up to you. You, I need Vax and Scanlan, you guys make it to the top and pull your weight out of the sand that's now pouring down in that tunnel. The top of the tunnel, yeah, you guys emerge from it and you're now inside a chamber along with Vex and Keyleth. Percy and Grog. Pike was brought up by Vex. 19 total? It's a lot of sand, you might be able to help a little bit with your cantrip, it's more of a puff of wind than a strong force, and it's a lot of sand falling. It's not going to help tremendously on this circumstance, unfortunately, as a cantrip. Sure, go ahead and make a strength check. Okay. Pike's going to step forward. "I have to do it." She steps forward and puts her shield out. All right. She manages to direct some of the flow, which begins to spray onto the outside of the room, begins to fill up one side, however that does give a round of no disadvantage to Grog and Percy. Roll again. Yes, you do. You manage to make it up the rest of the way. The rope, Percy comes out. Pull him up onto the side. Pike, unfortunately, it's too much and loses it. The sand comes rushing down on top of you. What'd you roll? He's almost to the top, because you made one check, that's your second check now. Need you to make one more check now as the sand's pouring down, it's now come up to you and it's starting to grab the lower part of your legs, and you're starting to feel yourself being buried. The rope that came down-- Roll a perception check, Grog. With disadvantage. What did you roll? With disadvantage? TRAVIS and Nice! So you don't even see the rope that Vax dropped. It keeps in the sand. But you, grabbing onto the one that's already up there, you hand-over-hand pull up. You guys watch as the sand eventually stops, and fills the entirety of the tunnel and stops. And then (thud, slam) Grog pulls himself outside, manages to brush the sand off, it's all in his beard. That was the time to do it, man. So you guys now see there is a long stone brick hallway before you. It's solid behind you, with a little bit of sand that's now coasted from the corner after Pike had diverted it briefly. Beyond the way, about 30 feet ahead of you, you see two metallic doors that are closed. Investigation check. You take a moment, scanning the floor as you approach, coming up to the actual doors, you take a minute to look them over. They are not locked, nor are they trapped. Okay. Correct, a hallway with two doors. Okay, that would take a short rest to go ahead and set that. Okay. You taking a short rest or no? Up to you. No, long rest cures exhaustion. (laughs) All right, you guys take a short rest, you take a breather here, if you need to use any hit dice, now you can. All right, so. Finish the short rest, you've reset your armor to fire resistance. In the short rest, in the time you've taken, while there were no traps in the door, you guys did notice that there is a very, very faint symbol in the metal. Very large, so at first it just seemed like it was part of the door's design, but as you step back and rest, you glance over at the door, Keyleth, looking at it from this distance, you can see the symbol-- --like this. This is the symbol of Ioun. This is the ancient original symbol of Ioun. This is what is a relief in each of the doors, ever so faintly, where only at a distance would you be able to really see it. Yes. No, it is the exact same. Make a perception check. Okay. Looking about, the stonework is pretty consistent here. It's old, but unlike the weathered entrance, a lot of this has not seen the elements since it's fairly buried, and even at its seemingly ancient time that it's been here, it doesn't appear to be worn, looks fairly fresh. You don't see any weaknesses, you don't see missing stones. It is stone, yes. No, actually, this is more old, classic granite or other deep-earth stones that are used for various forms of construction. Doesn't have any special properties that you can recognize. Both doors (creak) open. You look into what appears to be a, from what you can see, because there is a very, very faint bit of light emanating from his dagger, but beyond that it is pitch darkness. Percy is the one who cannot see. Nah, it maintains. You move 20 feet ahead. You enter the room and you can see this chamber is square in size, but it is divided, it seems to be in three halls. There's a path to the right, a path to the left, and a path ahead of you. You can't quite see all the way past, the hallway continues to the very edge of your visual range once you enter the chamber. However, what you can see is to the right and left of you parts of the wall have collapsed, like there's piles of rubbles and stone and earth. Make a perception check at this point. Okay, she does as well. Looking to the edge of the two pathways you can see, there appears to be a little bit of a shimmer or bit of movement, like light silk, almost like threads shifting, entwined, it looks almost like a large, very, very faint web that is draped over one wall on the right and matching on the left side. I mean, other than the idea of a glimmering thread, maybe, but it isn't glowing, it's not emanating light, and it's very thin, very wispy. And there are a few of them that you can see before the rest of your perspective on the two walls that break it into three passageways. You don't see any currently at this position. Ahead of you, in the central chamber, you do see what looks to be a small pit, like a divot. Almost like a cauldron, about ten feet across. Similar in size and circular structure as the first water pool you guys dove into, except for it comes to a convex end with nothing visible in it. There's like stones built around the outside of it. You actually do not sense any spiders. Okay. Make an investigation check. And that is one of the entities that you can check with that? Okay. What'd you roll, Taliesin? It is a thread and there are multiple-- as you get closer, you can see there are many threads that are partway through this 15, 20-foot wide hallway on the far right that you've gone to and inspected. This network of threads appear to be attaching at the halfway point and then draped against the wall, what looks like a spiderweb made of this thread all converges in the center. That's the best you can make of it. You do not sense any celestials. But do mark off your spell slot for that use. I assumed you were keeping track of that. Well, going forward-- That's okay. Yeah. Essentially, it's a 15, 20-foot wide thing, the web only starts about partway and encompasses the side of it. Behind the webs, the hallway continues and then ends and then continues right. It's almost like it's a square room that has walls here that split it into three different passages and they all converge again on the opposite side. Make a perception check. 16? You notice at the end of the two hallways on the sides, beyond the spiderweb in the corner, there are two small five, six-foot-wide pools of water similar to the ones you dove into that are lined with stones and a little bit of gold trim similar to what you guys saw in the previous room. So you have the rubble's on the side, you have the spiderwebs, you have the pools at the end there, and you have the empty cauldron in the center piece, but you cannot see, unless you move further forward, you cannot see beyond where those hallways converge on the opposite side. Nah. It's 25 feet from the doors you guys entered in Vax. Okay, as you walk up, make a perception check. As they're having this conversation, looking about and floating back, I know your passive as well, but even mid-conversation with him, as you kept an eye out, you see too that to the front of each of these walls that bisects the room, what you thought was just a wall, now as you've had time to study it in quiet as everybody else has been talking during these experiments-- Scanlan, you probably would've noticed this too-- the wall is, the separator's actually a giant obelisk on each side, just like the one that you saw in the Frostweald on the way in that the basilisks were around. You see they're much newer, they're not as weathered by the ages, and they're these two markers with the symbol of Ioun carved into them. Okay, looking at the base of it, you see there is the same triangular symbol there. You place the Ioun stone into the recess in the obelisk. As you do, it glows faintly, the obelisk itself tends to give off the same teal, greenish-blue glow, the other one also does the same. At which point the darkness across the room is immediately dissipated as two previously unseen braziers across the way burst into flame, lighting the opposite side of the room. You can see what looks to be a series of heavy steps that lead up to a higher platform on the opposite side of the room. You can see two pillars at the edge on the very top of this raised platform that meet the ceiling. Yeah, there's all the stuff on the sides and the central room has that pit. Make an investigation check. Nothing catches your attention. Are you guys all moving in the different ways, the same way? Which way are you taking? You can move around the web on that, it only covers half the path, you still have about seven to ten feet of clearance between where the web starts and the wall. Mm-hmm. Okay. You guys all quietly move forward, stepping through these passages, stepping around, you can see, like I said, the crumbled walls in the far corner, you can see the webbing there, there are the small pools at the far end corners before they converge again into the central chamber where that giant platform is. You guys are partway across now. Are you stopping? Okay, you guys keep walking carefully. Scanlan, are you doing anything? Okay. You appear on the opposite side and you look around. What you didn't see from the shadow that was being cast past the braziers, to the right of you, Scanlan, you see a large form that is there, as a pile, a crumpled pile on the top of this platform. What catches your eyes, and you guys see this too as you begin to walk up as Scanlan appears and glances over, as you get closer you can see there is what looks to be a cold, blue marble that is right there, and you see it being turned and held by what looks to be a very faintly lit giant paw. You can see two eyes that glance up, and glance over at Scanlan amongst the shadows, the same color as that blue marble. As it glances at Scanlan, and it is massive in comparison to your tiny gnomish frame, the marble is then tucked deep into what looks like hair of some kind before it disappears, the eyes still glowing the blue color. Suddenly the form begins to move as two giant arms (impacts), and a voice comes billowing out of this entity. "I have watched you come." The creature now stands on all fours. A good 15, 20 feet taller than you, Scanlan. A body similar and lionlike to Osysa's, only thicker and rippling with muscle beneath the fur. The face is masculine and human-like, cheeks adorned with ceremonial marks, head wreathed in a thick mane of red-brown hair. Two enormous feathered wings stretch out from its back, with a giant whoosh, a whoosh of wind that tends to cause the braziers to shift in place. And it looks at you for a second, expectantly, then to the rest of the others. It mounts itself there, turns so it's facing both you and the rest of you as you all approach. "You, you seek power, glory, retribution. I know your quarry, and I know your goal. She has told "me. I can show you. But all great knowledge should not be given. You must be proven. It must be "earned. It must be EARNED." And as his voice roars, the room echoes and you can see wind begin to whip all around you. Glancing over your shoulder, you guys can see now the empty pit in the center of the hall behind you is now whipping into a whirlwind and what appears to be a small centralized cyclone that's now rising up, meeting the ceiling, staying stationary in place, arcing there. The braziers flame up even brighter now, the flames, you can feel the heat even from your distance at this point. You can see now the sphinx is baring its gleaming white teeth there at the top. "What. Is. My. Name?" Roll initiative. All righty. All righty. So. Initiative roll. Ooh. Okay. All righty. So. 25 to 20. (laughs) Damn. All right. 20 to 15? 19. All right. Oh yeah, we got flickering braziers, guys. Dwarven Forge has cool stuff. Thank you guys. All right, so that brings us to 15 to ten? Grog. Anyone else? Oh, and Pike is actually before Grog. All right. Percy, you're up first. Make an investigation check. 21. As you rush over, you look down into the pool. The surface itself is disturbed by the wind that's blowing in this chamber. However, looking into it, below the surface you don't see-- it's darkness, you don't see a continuation, you don't see anything behind it. The water doesn't seem natural. Okay. You put the mask in and your hand moves into it. Your hand gets extremely cold suddenly. You don't see it beneath the surface; it almost vanishes below the water. It's really unsettling. You pull it up and the water is there in your mask. You throw it and the water, it evaporates and the flames flicker slightly, but they's too strong and it doesn't seem to have much of an effect on the brazier. Yep. That's your move and your action. All right, that ends Percy's turn. Vax, you're up. Teeth are bared and it's sitting there looking at all of you, waiting. You could, yeah, you can move and then hold your action to a trigger point if you want to. You're right here. Around this way? Okay, you can move there. Go ahead and roll for hide. Okay. Okay, got you. All right, at the end of your turn, the entire-- the wind that's blowing, there's grains of sand that are picked up into it, and you guys feel like there's something out of place, this whole area, like this sudden drift. You feel like the air in your lungs gets butterflies for a second and something, even though this place is stationary, it's almost like the whole place shifts. I need everybody to make a constitution saving throw. Yes, constitution saving throw. Okay. While most of you guys manage to withstand it, Scanlan and Grog and Vex, the wind feels like it's knocked out of you, and like you were suddenly stretched thin and you can't understand it. You glance-- right now, it's hard to really tell. Scanlan lurches forward for a second. Grog and Vex, you're right next to each other, you both glance at each other and you can see, it's like Grog's skin has aged suddenly. His-- around his eyes it's grown a little more sunken, his muscles have sagged slightly. He looks, not ancient by any means, but it looks like he's seen about another 15 to 20 years of travels. You also have, although due to your gnome lineage it has less of an effect, and no one's noticed it at this distance, but if anyone gets a quick glance, you'll see a few grey hairs starting to sprout on the side of Scanlan's head. All right. Vex, you're up. You feel like you've been pulled through something, but it doesn't have a mighty effect, although, Grog, glancing at Vex you can see there is definitely a little bit more of a weathered look to her, crow's nests forming, deep-seated frown lines. Okay. There doesn't seem to be a reaction. Pike goes, "No, I mean, the gods that were at the "beginning, there's--" "There was Pelor and Melora and, I mean, they're the ones who cast away the elements, the "chaos that this realm was first. I don't know!" And she seems-- she's bungled and unable to really formulate what you're asking. Make a religion check if you want to. Wow. Wow. It's the reverse Percy tonight. You try and think back to the conversation you had with Highbearer Vord in the Platinum Sanctuary, and your mind's a blank. You can't recall any of that conversation. It has nothing to do with dragons. This is the creation myth of all of existence. However, you still have your action if you want to do something. You're by the pool, it's right to your right, and there's this sphinx now rearing-- You what? You put your-- You dip your hand in the water. The hand, once it breaks the surface, it vanishes into darkness below the water. You don't even see, there's no visual on it. No, it doesn't hurt, it's cold, it's very cold. Pull it back out. Your hand is wet and it drips and you shake it free. You move one, two, three, four, five, six. You're not going to be able to get completely out of sight. (laughs) Unless you want to jump in the water. Correct. Yeah. All right, so that ends Vex's turn. Scanlan, you're up. The sphinx is still there growling at you. "She is beyond me... What is my name, little "scrumptious one?" You can if you want to, yeah. Yeah, what do you want to hold it for? Okay. Remember, you guys who are holding your action, you can interrupt and release at anything if it doesn't happen, be aware of that. All right, so it now goes to the sphinx's turn. The sphinx takes a step forward to the edge of the stairway and (roars) gives out this earth-shattering roar that shakes-- a couple of stones and dust that are loosened from the ceiling falls down. I need everybody to make a wisdom saving throw. Yes, it is. It's not a spell, it is a magical effect. What do you get advantage from? From being a gnome? Let me double-check here just to be sure. (laughs) Okay. Against magic, so yeah, you would have advantage. Nope. 17. Grog. Vex, what was it you rolled, again? 24. And you rolled? 17. That's right. All right, so. As the roar pierces through the hallway, most of you guys steel yourself. Grog, Scanlan, Pike, and Vax, you feel the sudden reality of how fearful and dangerous this creature is. You stepped into the lair of an ancient, powerful entity and you feel like your very life is at stake. You guys are frightened for one minute. Frightened means you have disadvantage on ability checks and attack rolls while you can see it, and you cannot willingly move closer to the creature. So you have to either move adjacent, like same distance from it, or away. You can make a saving throw every turn to try and resist it. It is now going to stay right where it is. That brings it to Pike's turn. Pike doesn't quite know how to deal with this whole circumstance. She is going to cast-- Pike is going to reach forward to you, Grog. Take a step this way. Pike's going to reach forward and cast Freedom of Movement on you. At fourth level. So for the next hour, you cannot be paralyzed or restrained, you can't have your speed reduced via magical effects. You're still feared, but-- You can shake that with a rage, yes. But yeah, for the next hour. It's not concentration, either. She says, "Go get him, Grog." All right. That ends Pike's turn. Grog, you're up. Straight-up? All right. You rush up the stairs. With a precariousness of-- we'll say you rush up here for the sake of positioning. 23? That hits. It's all against him, roll attacks. You're not going to kill it in one hit. 24 damage, all righty. Nice, that hits. Okay. Makes its first constitution saving throw. Fails its second. So you steal another strength point and the sphinx's strength goes down to that. You're at 25 now. Okay. Right. But 25 is the max for this sword. It says on the weapon, it should be under ability. All right. So. You run up and swing two heavy swings after going into a rage to resist the fear effect. You grin and bear it, go over and swing twice, hacking into the side of it. Its hide is very strong and there's almost like this weird resistance on the outside of its body, like its very force of existence and personality is keeping the blade from doing as much damage as it should, but you still strike true, slamming into it twice. You pull the strength from it. As you do, a voice in your head goes, "Yesss." At this point, as you look at the blade, the blade now begins to emanate a shadow aura stronger than previously that begins to also form around your upper shoulders, drifting. The blade suddenly extends another foot, the edges of it that were smooth project with a jagged, thorny outside. The blade itself now is longer, thicker, and far more dangerous-looking than it was before. Until your next short rest, all attacks with the sword do an additional 2d6 necrotic damage. Okay. All right. At the end of your turn, the sphinx is going to use its three legendary actions. Is going to use three of them to cast a spell out of order. It's going to go ahead and call down a Flame Strike. Onto the twins. You can, actually, yes. Correct. 23 hits. Okay. What was the second one? It was-- 18 hits. Over here? Okay. All right. As you're doing that reaction shot, it calls down the column, hits both of you before you can burst off. All of a sudden, as you look over at your brother, you feel this rising energy before all of a sudden this entire area is (boom) consumed in burning holy divine light. I need both of you guys to make a dexterity saving throw. Yeah, evasion happens automatically as part of your reaction to that, so yeah. You rolled a what? 30 dexterity saving throw? 16 for you? Okay. Right, so Vex? You take half damage from this. You take full damage, unfortunately. So that's going to be 21 points of fire and radiant damage to you. 21 is the half. You, however, have resistance to fire, Liam. So the 22 points of fire damage you would've taken is reduced to 11. Right, so yeah, so you would take, so you would take the same, but a quarter because of halving fire damage to take from that. Well, radiant damage you're not resistant to, so I'd say it would be 17 points of damage. There you go. You rush out of the flames and find your way around the obelisk. However, you have to wait until your turn before you can take a look at that. All right, now it comes to Keyleth's turn. It doesn't seem to have any effect. It is. (laughter) Okay. The water comes out as a column, doesn't appear to be coming to an end, you're not quite sure where it's being drawn from, it's this constant stream, and as it hits the flame (tshhh) but the flames aren't going out. It's all turning to steam and it's filling the room with steam and the more and more it pours into it, the more and more the room is beginning to become obscured and making it hard to see. Okay. As you do, the streams stop water. The pools are still completely still where you've pulled it out of, seemingly unbothered other than the little bit of wind that's blowing, and have not lessened in their volume at all. What, this place you are? Make an intelligence check. 19. Thinking back about the stories you've heard, which isn't a whole lot necessarily. Are we good on the stream? We had a little flicker. You recall, go through, poring through all the information that was given to you, you don't know a whole lot about the history element, it isn't a part of the druidic training experience, but based on the discussion with Highbearer Vord, no mention of a sphinx, nothing like that. I think that's your turn, though. Unless you want to move. Okay. End of your turn, the shimmering webs on each side flash for a second, and stepping out of them, you can see a slightly translucent, not fully physical spider on each side. This spider immediately (skittering) up to Percy. And this one (skittering) up to Vex. Versus you, Percy, rolled a one. Completely missed. It goes and reaches out towards you, out of the way. Vex, however, that is a 23. That hits. You go ahead and suffer-- (laughs) Suffer nine points of psychic damage. The spider, upon biting you, dissipates out of existence. It actually bites you and then its form (shhk) into your head and causes this psychic backlash and feedback in your head. The other spider misses you and remains in existence. Top of the round, Percy, you're up. You have not gone yet, do you want to? Yeah. Okay. What is the DC on the Resilient Sphere? I believe if it's through the-- The hand cone I think is 20 now, isn't it? Okay, so it doesn't make its dexterity saving throw. Doesn't matter for this one. That is 21. Yep. So. You attempt to create the sphere around it. As you can see it begins to encase the sphinx, and the sphinx just-- its head, after staring at Grog, goes (growls), and as it roars at you, the sphere that's formed around it shatters and the arcane essence is scattered about the room and vanishes. He sits there glaring at you. All right, so that's Percy's turn now, Percy, what are you doing? Sure. Okay. You shout out, and the sound of Celestial being spoken has this echo to it, this, Lux, and it fades afterward. It has no immediate effect, the wind seems to swallow it around you from all the noise going around. The sphinx has no interest. Go for it. 19 hits. A what? (laughs) No, there isn't. It's okay. It is a magical sword you're attacking with, right? This spider is scattered into ether. Okay. Go ahead and roll. It's more about finding the right place to do the proper damage, but that works, go ahead and roll damage. Okay. You cut through some of the threads, it limps on one side, but it's still keeping itself aloft. All right, that hits, go ahead and roll damage. 15 points of damage. All right. With that, the second strike, the thread dissipates and turns into smoke and vanishes from existence. None of the threads remain, it vanishes. Go ahead and roll an investigation check. Okay, 19. Glancing at the wall behind-- It says in Celestial, "Windows and doors." It says windows and doors. That's your turn. Percy's over. Vax, you're up. The obelisk in front of you? This actually, aside from the symbol of Ioun, there's no writing on it. Okay, go for it. All right, what was it? Sorry, it was? All right, the second two hit, so go ahead and roll damage. Ten and eight. All right. You throw two and it cuts a few threads and the path of it falls limp but the web stays up. Correct. Yeah, you can't move any closer to it right now. But you can make a saving throw at the end of your turn to try-- One step to the right? All right. Okay, so you're still in the fear effect. All right. By the way, Grog, go ahead and make a saving throw to resist the effect so it's gone, even though you-- Yeah. It's wisdom. All right, you're still under the effect. And Scanlan, actually, roll it again. Right, you resist, I mean, it doesn't affect you but it still persists. If you stopped raging then the fear would kick in. This is wisdom. You would, I'd say, sure. 12, yeah. The fear still strikes in your heart. All right. Vax, that's the end of your turn. All right. I need everybody in here to go ahead and reroll initiative as the time flux in the room all of a sudden flickers and time seems to shift and move. Everyone reroll initiative. All right, so. 25 to 20. 20. Okay. Okay. 20 to 15? All right, we got Percy, Keyleth, Grog. All right. And then. Ocho? Pike's before you. Yeah man, it sucks. All right. That ends that count. It is now its turn. The time shift actually managed to lose your turn, both you and Scanlan. You guys shifted through the top of the order. I know. Basically, Scanlan, you can go simultaneously now. You lose your turn. I mean, it's time, it's shitty. You know what? It doesn't specify. I'll say go ahead. It starts at the top of the initiative round, so you know what? Vex, your turn, go for it. Go for it. Doesn't specify, I could be a dick about it, but you know. It's more fun to not have your turn lost. What you got? Make a perception check. 29. Nope, solid stone ceiling. I mean, there's the brazier, but it's pretty close to flame and you don't know if rope will survive that. Yeah, you retrieved it, yeah. Okay. You take the rod and you (click) in the middle of the air, you take the rope, tie it around real fast over everything, and the sphinx now looming forward being attacked and flanked by the two of them. You take the rope and jump into the water. There's no splash, you disappear into the water. You guys watch her vanish into the pool. Yeah. Do you pull yourself out? Okay, you guys, there's a breathless moment and suddenly Vex comes out from the rope, drenched in water. As you say K-A out loud, the sphinx goes-- there's a glimmer in the eye at you, and it continues on, looking over at Grog and Scanlan. All right, that ends your turn. Scanlan, you're up. At the end of your turn, the water that's around you, it's freezing cold and you suffer eight points of cold damage. From the process of submerging into it. However, once that damage hits, your body heat manages to recover, and it turns back to normal water temperature, so. Okay. The DC is 20 on that? What is the saving throw for that one? Wisdom. Eyebite it is. That is a 27. Yeah, it resists the Eyebite. Okay, go for it. That's fantastic. Okay. All right, so. You take your d10 inspiration die. At the end of your turn, it goes to the lair count. Lair count's already happened this turn, so I'm not going to keep that going. However, the sphinx does take its turn. It's going to go ahead and loose a claw attack at both of you. Against Scanlan, that is-- Okay. All right. Roll a d10. It rolled a 25 to hit, so. Yeah, so roll a d10 and that's how much it reduces it by. By eight, that brings it to a 17. What's your AC? So it still hits you. Hits you for 28 points of slashing damage as its giant claw (whoosh) rakes across you. The sheer impact almost throws you off the top of the platform, and you can feel the blood beginning to seep from the wound under your armor. It turns around and rapidly does a full-on claw attack towards you, Grog. That is going to be a 27 to hit. You also take 28 points of damage. It is magical damage, however, you don't-- doesn't matter for you, being, it's a resistance against slashing, so you take 14 points of slashing damage from the strike. That's going to end its turn. That brings us to Percy. Okay. "What?" She hears you, yeah. Okay, so you take your action, you start pulling the stones away. As you rummage through, you pull apart and you begin to see there is-- where there was hard rocks, you're starting to find finer stones, until eventually you find sand. Just like the sand that you encountered in the previous room. Okay, you reach in and as your hands disappear into the sand, there's no resistance once they hit the sand, they vanish into the sand. Okay. You shove your head through. All right, Percy, that's your turn? You going to move? Yeah, that's going to be the rest of it. All right, Keyleth, you're up. Percy, you also suffered seven points of damage from the crushing and bludgeoning on your head as it passed through. Okay. You put your hand in and your hand is still-- it's hot because of the flame that's on it. As you put it in, it is a scorching hot pain. You take two points of fire damage just from placing it in there. Okay. Into the flame? All right, that's going to be your turn there. At the end of your turn, he's going to go ahead and use a point to do a claw attack against Scanlan again. Hm. That's a natural 20. Yeah. You take 38 points of slashing damage as the claw grabs you and slams you against the stone, and you can feel the claw actually pierce part of your throat. And as it withdraws, you can feel the blood beginning to pour. It didn't hit anything vital, but it's a serious wound-- All right. That ends Keyleth's turn. That brings us to Grog. This thing is tearing into Scanlan. (laughs) Okay. You leap into it. Pike looks over and sees you whoosh into the cyclone and vanish. Okay, you guys get the idea of what's going on, we're going to now bring this, because now shit's happening. So. Grog, after seeing this, though you cannot say to anyone what you found yet, you, having no tether, are drifting away from the portal and seeing it disappearing slowly away from you. What are you going to do? You grab your earring, you say it. There's no response. You guys hear nothing. And you're about 15 feet away from it now. You can. Go ahead and roll for an attack. 23. Whoosh. You fling it through, and it catches something. You feel it's taut, you start pulling your way in, pulling your way in, pulling your way in. Go ahead and roll damage. LAURA and Yep, plus 2d6 necrotic damage. 30. 30 points of damage. Okay. You pull the chain and you make your way to the portal, you put your hands out, pull through, and as you do, the chain in your hand-- you look and you can see now, grasping onto the edge of the wall, you see Pike, sweat dripping down her face as Craven Edge has embedded itself into her abdomen. She's holding it, and she looks at you with a gritted face and she goes, "It's okay, Grog. You're back, that's all that matters." Doesn't have a chance yet. At the end of this turn, it uses the last two points of its legendary actions to Teleport. Okay. All right. So now we get to go ahead and roll for this, I believe. Let me go ahead and check what level it is, I believe it's a-- all right, this is a 7th-level spell. Here, hold on. So DC equals ten plus level, so it's DC 17. Using an ability check. Roll d20 and add five, trying to beat a 17. Yes. 16. One under. You go to Counterspell, but the image of its head, and seeing Pike wounded, it's too much for you and your hand shakes and you can't manage to clarify the Dispel Magic, as the whole sphinx vanishes and appears right next to Pike. All right. That brings us to Vax. At the end of your turn. It's not in your sight, by the way, you don't see it. You can, yeah, around the edge. Go for it. All right. 13, 24, 15. Middle one hits. Eight points. It does get sneak attack because it's adjacent to Pike. Oh, you're at disadvantage to all the attacks, yeah. Wait, I'm sorry. I thought those were your three attacks. Right, but Pike's still adjacent. That's one of the ways you can get sneak attack, is either having advantage or an ally's adjacent. 33. So one dagger, two of them you throw and they vanish into the cyclone, consumed and thankfully return with magic or they would be gone for good. Third one you throw. It stabs into the shank of the sphinx, who growls, turns back to Pike. All right, is that your turn? 20. You manage to finally shake off the fear. All right. You can, yes. You're there. All righty. Now produces two spiders. Jump out of the web. Both of them, the only thing they see, rush up to Vex. That is a natural 20 and a two. (laughs) So the second one misses you, first one you take 16 points of psychic damage, and that one vanishes on the impact. All right. That ends their turn. Up to the top, Vex, it's your turn. I would say make a wisdom saving throw. At the sight of what you've done to Pike and all that is happening, this is to see if you can shake from the stupor of what has happened. He's not responsive right now. Okay, so you rush over right there? You can, you can see Grog. As you rush around the corner, you can see the sphinx there, you see Pike with Craven Edge partially embedded in her abdomen, the chain now lax, as Grog is standing on the outside of the portal holding it in his hand, his eyes wide. The rage has faded now, by the way. Yeah, you could cast Cure Wounds if you want. Sword is still inside of her right now, yeah. You can try and pull it out if you want to. Make a strength check. Roll a d20, add your strength modifier. And for the one who normally can't find the physical strength of activities like this, through the inspiration of seeing-- Yeah. And that clear image crystallizes in your mind of when that glabrezu snatched her from you once. And with that, you find the strength to persevere, you reach out and grabbing the jagged blade take nine points of necrotic damage in touching the outside of the blade, but you pull, you can see the blood forming at the edge of your fingers as you yank it outside of Pike's body, and it clatters to the ground at the base of Grog's feet. Grog's still seeing this all before you, eyes wide open, mouth agape. Okay, what level? Level three. So 3d8 plus, I think it's-- what's your modifier for wisdom? So 3d8 plus three. And that will end Vex's turn. Scanlan, you're up. That'll be the end of your turn. 17? Okay, good to know. Okay. You Dimension Door into the cyclone. You find yourself on the outside of the wind before it grabs you and pulls you in. You step through a portal and you're now drifting out in an expanse of air and cloud. There's no up, there's no down, there's no left or right, you see various masses of land slowly rotating in place as you see different gusts of wind floating about. You drift by and see a single stone that has carvings on it. However, you have no anchor and you are drifting away from the opening you came through. Correct, so you were-- Okay. You do that. There's, it's air, you're still drifting away. All right. That brings us to the top of the initiative round. Let's see. For this one, I need everyone in the room to go ahead and make another constitution saving throw. 24. Vex, what'd you get? Keyleth? 18. Okay. Pike makes it. Okay, so you rolled a 14? All right, so Keyleth, Vax, and Vex, all three of you guys suddenly feel the wind pulled out from you once again, and you all age, and now I'm giving you the specifics here, you're aging each time this happens. Ten years. All three of you. Bones are starting to ache a little bit. Not terribly, but a little more than usual. Your body's now starting to feel the wear of time passage. Yeah. 25 for those who got hit before. The first one was 15, now it's an additional ten to those who were hit. Yes. It's not huge, it's not like a major difference. You know, 25 years to a human, to Percy, would be a lot harsher than it is to you guys. It's minor differences. It is now the sphinx's turn, the sphinx is now going to (roars) roar even louder this time. This roar echoes out with a shockwave. I need everybody except for Scanlan to make another wisdom saving throw. Ten? And you were still frightened from previously, right? Because you did not shake that. You dropped the rage. All right. Pike. All right. All right, so. Vax, suddenly as the blast hits, the fear hits you again as the sound vanishes and you can't hear. There's nothing. You are completely deafened. As are you and Pike. However, because you were previously frightened, you find your muscles tense up and you are both paralyzed as well. You cannot move, you cannot speak, you cannot-- You are afraid and deaf. Yeah. All right. Percy, it's your turn. This is Vex here. You do have Freedom of Movement. So you are not currently affected by paralysis. Look at you, remembering your buffs, buddy! So the fear still hits you, and your muscles tense, but you, looking over at Pike now frozen in place, you remember everything that's transpired and that holy divine energy that she imbued upon you glows from the inside, and your muscles return to you and you're still able to function. Percy, you're up. Around here? Make another wisdom saving throw. Okay, holding your action. All right, Keyleth. Actually, at the end of Percy's turn, the sphinx is going to go ahead. It's going to use one of its actions to do a claw attack now against-- this is going to be against Pike. That is going to be a 15, which misses. The claw, even though she's paralyzed-- actually, no, he has advantage on the attack because she's paralyzed. Rolled a one on the second one. Manages to hit her, but the armor and the shield takes the brunt of it, not dealing any physical damage to it. There's now frustration in the sphinx's voice as it's growling with each one of these screams. Now it is your turn, Keyleth. Does it say on the fire elemental? It should say movement flight. Well, for the elemental form here, which I have a list of your elemental forms just in case. Fire elemental, speed of 50 feet. No, it cannot fly. It moves as a flame across the ground. Okay. It's over there. Yeah, the robe that produces the rope is on the ground right now next to Vex. What are you doing? 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, and then you drop your form to grab the rope. And you're grabbing the what? The rod? All right, so you click the rod off. You now have the rod with the rope on the end of it. No, you-- in dropping the form, you've used most of-- I'd say you have one more square of movement left. This way or this way? Okay, so you throw the Immovable Rod to her? Make a dexterity check, easy enough for you. Yeah, you catch the rod, no issue. All right. So is that your turn? All right, that ends Keyleth's turn. At the end of Keyleth's turn it's going to use another legendary action. This one, it's going to go ahead and reach out and strike at you, Vex, as you're now holding the rod. That's going to be a 29 to hit. You suffer 28 points of slashing damage as its giant claw rakes across the front of your body, almost tossing you off your feet from the sheer force of the blow. 28 points. That brings us to Grog. You've gotten your senses back now at this point. You look at her, and she's still frozen in place. She can't move and you can see the sweat's still pouring from her face. The wound has stopped bleeding, the wound is still fresh and visible. Anyway. Anyway, before you guys start doing this whole thing, take your turns to do stuff. Grog. What else do you want to do on your turn? Okay. Craven Edge is on the ground, yeah. Okay. Ending Grog's turn, it is Pike's turn. Pike cannot move, fails the saving throw, unfortunately is still paralyzed, still frightened. Okay, what are you going to do? No response. Nothing. You've got one more try before your turn's up, this is-- Nope. That is your turn, however. In the six seconds, you shout out, you come up with and shout out those three things. That ends Percy's turn. At the end of Percy's turn, it's going to use its third legendary action to go ahead and make another strike at Vex holding the rod. 25 to hit. Takes another claw and rakes you for 28 points of slashing damage. Vex falls unconscious on the ground from the blow, the rod clacks to the ground behind her. That ends that turn. All right. Oh shit, I did that out of order. It's fine. That's my fault. Percy shouldn't have got that turn, but we'll say it happened, it's fine. Vax, you're up. The rope clenches onto your neck and you feel like you're being choked suddenly. Without even realizing this, as you shout this out, all of a sudden a lasso is thrown around your neck and pulls back and cuts off your air supply. And you vanish into the cyclone. The rope goes taut, pulling. You come through the portal and you can see, indeed, Scanlan's about 30 feet away and drifting. Right. Which is why you're gaining on him, but it's still going to take a moment as you're both still drifting, because he also leapt through. Yep. All right, so. That's going to be the end of your turn, Vax. This spider now is going to leap over as two more, or sorry, three more leap out of this. They all rush up to Keyleth, she's the one visible person there, and all making strikes against you. That is 19 to hit. Eight. 23. And ten. All right, so you take 12 points of psychic damage as two of the spiders dissipate, leaving nothing but a psychic mist behind. All right. Top of the turn, Vex, I need you to make a death saving throw. Six. Mark off one of your failed death saving throws. Scanlan, your turn, you're floating out in space and you see all of a sudden through the portal, Vax come rocketing towards you, hand forward, clutching a rope in one hand, arm outstretched towards you. What do you want to do? You Dimension Door and you appear right at the doorway. You cannot Dimension Door through dimensions. But you make your way to the outside of the door. You are still drifting with the momentum you had going backwards, so you appear back at the door and start going backwards again. You can grab the rope. You see him vanish. There's the rope there that Vax is carrying. You can grab onto that and wrestle through. With that, Scanlan manages to pull himself through the portal, landing onto the side right there. And you're fine now. That's probably going to take your full action, everything to get there, but you're out-- I'll give you a bonus, sure, because your movement. She's doing pretty rough, yeah. All right. Healing Word. What level are you doing? Okay. So that's 3d4 plus five. Yes. 3d4 plus five. Finishing up Scanlan's turn-- All right. I need everybody in the room to roll another constitution saving throw. Except for you, you're not in the room. Oh, sorry. Keyleth? Pike succeeds. 17. 21. All right. So. At the end of your turn you would, yes. Actually, no, I think that's gone off of you now. It's fine. So Vex, you come to consciousness, and you age another four years. I rolled a four. It's a d20 every time. Yeah. It is now the sphinx's turn. There. Next to Scanlan and Percy, two claw attacks against you. That is a 28. And 21. Okay. Which reduces it to a-- Right, so the second one would miss. So the first strike hits you for 28 points of slashing damage, the second one scrapes across the arcane barrier that appears before you from the brooch, and resist that. That's the end of its turn. Percy, you got your turn last turn when you shouldn't have, but I'm letting that fly-- Oh sorry, you were holding it, yes. I confused myself. So yeah. Now it's your turn. You did. Nothing. What have you said so far? Right, okay. So. You have two more if you wanted to do anything, Taliesin. You can move up to there, I think. Not for your full movement, unfortunately. At this point, all of a sudden the braziers flicker out. You notice as the wind cyclone begins to slowly drift to a minor wind curl. At this point in time, Grog, if you wanted to pull on that rope it would be a good time. With that, you, as you're drifting off, you turn around and see the doorway where the rope goes taut, and the door begins to close. You're pulling yourself in, and suddenly you're yanked through and come shooting out of it on the side. With that-- --the angry demeanor of the sphinx has entirely shifted. And now it goes from like this low, feral position to a proud, honored beast, putting its paws forward, its shoulders high. "You have earned a name." It raises a paw like this, at which point all the paralysis fades, all the fear fades, all the effects fade. The age is not dispersed. Hold on a second, let me see what it can do. Actually, no. It goes forward and looks at you, who's looking the worst for wear comparatively and says, "I can help but one of you." And his paw goes out and touches you, there's a warm glow, and the age vanishes from you. "However, that is the "extent of my magic this day. Perhaps the little one could help a few at this. It is but a rather "challenging restoration." Pike nods. "I can do that. I can do that." "I apologize for the formalities, but it is a pleasure to meet you, Vox Machina." "Kamaljiori." He gives a nod. Looks to you and says, "I admire your impatience. The Vestiges that you seek. Some have "been destroyed over this epoch. Others lie scattered across the planes. Some are sealed or "hidden. Others have found an owner. You carry one now, I see." The sphinx backs up and turns around on the steps and lays down, crossing its paws, glancing at you all, shoulders high. And a smile, it's warm, it's this interesting contrast to when you first entered. "Well. I happen to carry a "Vestige here, if you will take it." Gets up and turns around to the back of the platform. Takes the marble from beneath its fur and holds it up to one of the doorways, which switches-- It pulls something from within (shing), and you see this single thin blade that vibrates as he pulls it out. The door closes, it puts the marble away. The blade goes into its teeth, and it steps back down the stairs. Takes the blade from its hand as it stops, and holds it out. It's impossibly small in its hand, it looks very dinky. "Here I keep the Mythcarver." "Granted to me by the White Duke himself before his passing. We were friends long ago. It "is yours." He takes the blade and sets it down on the stone. "But you seek the others that remain, yes?" "Fenthras, the Wrath of the Feywarden, a bow that felled Titans. It was lost in the Feywild in "the Calamity." "It now acts as the heart of a cancerous tree, corrupting the verdant land there. The Plate of "the Dawnmartyr, beacon of protection to the chosen of Pelor, gathers dust on a wall in the City of "Brass, a trophy won by a fire giant in a card game from a Suutan bloodline that once donned it." Don't worry, I wrote all these down for you guys. I know. I got this for you guys. "Cabal's Ruin, a magic-devouring cloak once used by an "assassin to eliminate the unscrupulous den of Druja. It is now worn by a merchant-warrior with a "missing eye in the walls of Ank'harel. The Spire of Conflux, a staff born from Melora's very "breath, was devoured, along with its previous owner, by a goristro named Yenk in the endless "maze of the Abyss." "The Titanstone Knuckles were taken from the brutalized corpse of their proud owner, now worn "by a terrible half-giant turned tyrant in Westruun. I sense you know this, tall one. I can "taste your fear from here. Whisper, blade forged from metal pulled from the Far Realm, was a center "to many a dark ritual. It now lies at the bottom of the Ozmit Sea, sunken with the lost ship, The "Shrew, in a storm 300 years ago near an island of glass. "Know that all life is connected on an impossibly small level, beyond the mind's ability to "understand on your level. Ideas transcend distance, language. Many share dreams, thoughts, "inspirations without knowing. The fact that you are now aware of these, others too may now be "drawn to the search as well. Beware. Now go. You have earned the name, you have earned the knowledge. "The race is on." And with that, sand begins to erupt from the two piles of rubble, swirling in a giant whirlwind of blasted stone and sand, you guys have to cover your eyes as it begins to completely consume the vision around you. You see the sphinx back up towards the top of the platform before the sand consumes even within 15 feet, ten feet, five feet of your vision. You lose sight of your friends around you, and for a second the panic hits you before the sand comes to a stop and drops to the ground. Looking around, you stand at the base of the triangular cavern entrance by the mountain range where you first entered the temple. And that's where we'll end tonight's game. Well done, guys! Yeah. There's a list for you guys. Yes, actually. In which case I will give this to you as you now have access to its capabilities. No, the Mythcarver. It's a legendary longsword. This incredible silvered blade once belonged to the White Duke himself, and many more master bards before him. It resonates with nearby musical tones. It acts as a plus three longsword, and the weapon deals an additional 1d6 force damage upon a hit. Whenever you use your Bardic Inspiration feature, you gain advantage on attacks with this weapon until the end of your turn. So if you were to give somebody-- use your bonus action before your attack, you would get advantage on any attacks with the weapon. And whenever you use your Cutting Words feature against an enemy, the target also has disadvantage on its next saving throw. As Grog looks at his feet, the blade that still laid there before you, tethered to you by chain, still remains at your feet as you see the chain amongst the sand. Still jagged, still extended, still in its full form. All right. So. Well done, everyone. We'll pick this up next week for the 50th episode, so excited. (cheering) I know it was long, I wanted to try and get through this before we started the 50th. Yeah, sorry guys. So long. Hope we're cool. All right you guys, well, thank you so much for watching. Have a good night, and is it Thursday yet?