Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role! Where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around, play Dungeons and Dragons, and shout obscenities a little late. We'll find out, I'm sure. Anyway, glad you guys could join us for tonight. Tonight is not a typical episode, we are missing two of our cast members, and since we're in the throes of an interesting narrative, we wanted to push that off for a week. Next week we return with Vox Machina's normal narrative as well as Jon Heder as a guest, which is going to be a lot of fun! (cheering) Don't say anything yet! Hold off on that. Hold off on that. Anyway. So yeah, so real fast, just to get through our brief announcements for the day. Me, Marisha, Taliesin, and Brian Foster will be flying out tomorrow, early, to Atlanta to join you guys at MomoCon. We've been talking about it for a few weeks here. We have a Talks Machina panel on Saturday. Signings. Other fun events, so please come join us if you're going to be out in that vicinity. Next week after that a bunch of us are going to be at the Stream of Annihilation, a stream up at Seattle with the D&D folks, along with a bunch of other awesome D&D groups and streamers, High Rollers guys. We've got Curse of Strahd folk. A bunch of just really awesome people coming up. We're going to be playing with some folks, I might be running a game, it will be fun. But look forward to seeing you guys there. Check us out. We'll have more information to come out soon. Then the week after that, I'm going to be at A-Kon in Dallas. Because I apparently don't like having weekends. I need to work on that. Planning is a problem, it catches up to you. But anyway, I'll be out there for that in Dallas, Texas. Hope to see you guys that weekend. What else? What else do people want to talk about? Save your rolls, Laura. I know. I know you do. Oh! There you go! There you go. You need to know who's in your corner, Laura. All righty, guys. If we don't have anything else to discuss, we're going to go ahead and dive into tonight's episode of Critical Role. [dramatic music] Laura, have you played Risk? Risk is a game where you make alliances and then double-cross people. It doesn't say it in the rules, but that's how it always happens. That's what I assume will probably happen. It may not! You guys may surprise me! I'm just saying, be prepared. LAURA and (laughing) Okay, now I'm voting for that table! All right, guys, the other thing I want to mention is, whoever the victor is will get a minor prize. A very, very minor prize. PlayStation 2. No. You will get a fate die that you get to carry over into the main campaign. It's a single reroll. It's like a Luck point. As you all comfortably find yourself resting, falling into sleep and darkness for the evening, in the city of Whitestone, over some point in the break of the year-long period. You find yourself-- Your eyes opening; bleary, blinking, towards what appears to be a grey cloud-covered sky. You look about and find yourselves somewhat scattered amongst an unfamiliar battlefield. Travis, I want you to go ahead and roll a d6 for me, please. A two. Okay. Yeah, so that's you there. Laura. Go ahead and roll a d6. A six! With Trinket there. All right, Marisha, roll a d6. Four. All righty. Taliesin? Roll again. Okay. Go ahead and roll a d6. All righty, so as you take in the scenery around you, seemingly no rhyme or reason. You wonder how you transported to this space. Taryon in particular, you find that you seem to be a little more viable power than you were when you went to bed that night. You watch as a singular cloaked figure seems to emerge from the clouds above you and slowly fall from the sky. As the entity, you see arms out, hood up, the wind blowing around causing the cloth to flap and curl about them. The hood blows back, and you see before you, a-- So, if we ever do a live-action Vox Machina film, we get Owen Wilson to play Vax. So, as the figure descends to about this point in the center of the battlefield, you watch as the wind blows the hood back, and you see there a handsome man with immaculate, somewhat ear-length brown hair, and a magnificent beard. As he smiles and looks around and goes "Tonight, you fight for me and my "pleasure. For I am the forgotten deity, known as Colville!" (laughter) These are 30 feet tall. 50 feet up, yeah. You watch as he grins and smiles. "I hope you all learn something. Now, you "have six seconds to decide where to go and what to prepare for. No fighting is to commence until "these six seconds are up. And then... Show me what you've got!" (laughter) You can cast or prepare anything you want to, an action or movement or bonus, that doesn't attack or assault another person, for the first round, but first! Let's roll initiative, guys. All righty. So, 25 to 20? All righty. (laughs) That's right, yeah. All right. 20 to 15? Okay. Vex, and then Keyleth and Grog. Interesting. I think so. I'll have you guys both roll dexterity checks for me, please. Just roll a d20-- Just roll a d20, and add your dex modifier. So we have Vex, then Grog-Keyleth! All righty, and then Tary! All righty. Which, by the way, you also have-- Doty at your disposal at the top. You guys just saw the guy, and you just got your vision around, so this round is going to be running and taking in your surroundings, and doing what you're going to do to prepare. From where you are right now, you can barely see somebody. We'll say as part of this round, you guys get a feel for it. You get a feel for where everyone else is, as part of this first round. Just the doors there, or climbing upward, and there appears to be a trapdoor on either side. There's a ladder, ladder, and a chain. Okay, so, we'll get to your turn; Percival, you're up first. Which one? This one? Okay, so you climb up. They're little stone bunker-like structures. There's an entrance on this side and on this side. So, it's half your movement, that's 15 feet, you can move 15 more feet if you want to. There? Okay, here? Okay. So there you are. Boots are activated, Diplomacy is activated. Perfect. All right. Just after Percy goes, you watch as all the flickering braziers, the flames flicker bright. You see these two glowing towers that are slowly spinning, the blue crystals (crackling noises) little sparks. And each of these pillars gives off a slight hum. Vex, it's your turn. There is a trapdoor that he can go down and then make his way. Behind one of those? Okay. Go ahead and make a stealth check. And Trinket makes it-- We'll say halfway down the tunnel with Trinket's full movement, there. So down the stairs and he's halfway through the tower there. Okay. Good to know. Nobody else has any idea where you are right now. At the moment. All right, that brings us to Grog. Okay, Bloodaxe. Oof. Yes, you can, make an athletics check. You rage, get up, and just crest over the top. He rage-climbs the ladder. One rung over the other, and with the rest of his movement gets to the very top of the tower. Well, your bonus action was rage. If you have an action you want to do that doesn't involve attacking or hurting anybody-- Okay. You watch as a large globule of goliath snot slaps the ground in front of you, and skids a bit, leaving a trail. All right. Is that your turn, Grog? Keyleth, you're up. Okay. Your staff dips down and it goes about-- It keeps going. It's pretty deep. To the point where you get, like, to the very edge of your staff, holding it there, and it manages to go all the way in. Yeah. Well, you haven't felt the bottom yet, any more and you're going to submerge your hands. And move over this way? Well, you're not hiding, you don't have anything left to do a hide action, but you move there. Okay. All right. So, Taryon. Yeah. All right, what are you doing? At his size, I'd say he weighs somewhere in the range of 700 pounds. He is somewhat hollow in places, though. No. He's large and he's heavy, metallic substances, but he is hollow in places, so I'd actually say he's probably closer to 500 maybe. 400 to 500. "Tary." Only breathable air can pass through the sphere's wall. No attack or other effect can. Correct. So you can cast things on yourself within, but nothing can pass by. However, you are at the mercy of whoever has control of the ball at the moment. So yes. I don't know if you're considered breathable as an air elemental. Taryon, as you slam into the ground, how much damage do you take? That's not too bad. You take nine points of damage, and the sphere encapsulates you and you begin to roll forward slightly as Doty walks over, grabs you, and pulls you back about there to the edge. Not sure what to do, he's just holding you now in this ball. "Tary?" Confused. All right. At the end of that turn, you watch over as Colville, floating in the center, goes, "And now, my champions! Let the fight begin!" Slams his hands together and you watch him vanish in a burst of thunder as it cracks around the landscape. And you feel this energy pulse you all at once as the battle has begun. Percival, you're up first. You can barely see part of Grog with three-quarters cover. Barely. Everyone else looks apparently at the moment not really in your line of sight. Okay. You have Sharpshooter, so you ignore three-quarters cover. Go for it, yeah. Okay, go for it. Yeah, that hits. All right, so-- One Animus shot, and then one Bad News shot. You take 2d6 psychic, right? Okay. So, do Cabal's Ruin damage at the end because that is not halved. Ten points of piercing damage, so that's reduced to five. And then how many points of psychic? Four points of psychic. Seven points of damage. Wait. Ten points-- it's nine. It was ten points piercing reduced to five and then four psychic. So that's nine. Okay, so take that down to eight. Nope! No, this is Cabal's Ruin. He's pumping you full of lightning damage. Okay! That's how many d6s? 10d6 lightning damage to you, Grog! There you go. All right, Percival, and you have movement. And a bonus, if you want. Over here? That's 30 right there, right? Fair enough. All right, so, end of Percival's turn. There are lair actions on this battlefield. There's a door right there. Okay. Well, as you're running by it, Percival, you hear that low hum (humming) begins to (humming intensifies). Spin up, you hear this crackling noise. And you watch as each of these four towers suddenly gives off this intense vibration around it. As you're walking, you feel this force pulling on you, like being within a certain radius of this is forcing you to move slower (grunting). That's all. Vex, your turn. Yes. He does have half-cover from you currently. All right! So, Trinket does manage to get all the way to the bottom and emerges from the front door there, but that's as far as Trinket can get with his movement. Percy? Yeah, you can see Percy from there. You've just got a billion hit points. You do when you go into your large form. Which is why you didn't halve any of the Cabal Ruin damage last round. Yeah. All right. That hits! Okay. Go for it. Roll a stealth check. It's been a while since you used skirmisher stealth. Basically. You're not wrong. At the start of your turn, you pick a creature to remain hidden from, not a general hiding. Yep. But everybody else can still see you. If you wanted to make the hide action. Okay. Good to know. Now, you guys are aware she's there, you just cannot shoot her or attack her from this distance necessarily. All right, that ends your turn? Grog. Mr. Pincushion. What are you doing? Like a giant hamster ball. (laughter) Yeah. Yes, you may. Yes, you do. Make a wisdom saving throw. Nope. So you go to shove him, and you go (groan). Yep. That's what Earthbreaker Groon did to you. You can attack the ball, but it does nothing. Okay. So you're going to do the second shove attack. Wisdom save. Okay, so now getting Doty's sheet out here. For a shove attack, I believe it's a contested athletics check, let me double-check real fast. Pretty sure. I'm sure the Internet right now is going, "No, it's this! God damn it, Mercer!" No, it's athletics contested by athletics, so go ahead and roll an athletics check, Grog. With advantage, because you're raging. Roll a d20, add four. For Doty. You watch as Doty turns to Grog, goes, "Tary?" (bang) and end over end gets shoved off the parapet, slamming onto the ground, prone here at the bottom of the chain. You, Taryon, fly off (boing) harmlessly and roll into the middle of the pool, and are currently now on your side. For the 30-foot fall, Doty takes 11 points of bludgeoning damage. And is prone. (chuckles) You do. You have 40 feet of movement left. There is, yes. It would be an action to lift it up. Actually, it's not that much, because it's not locked or anything. You can probably just pull it open. Okay. So, with the rest of your movement, 40 feet, you can get almost to the bottom, so you're partway through that. Yeah, you're still inside. All right. That ends your turn, Grog. Keyleth. Your turn. That's so awesome! You seem to not be affected by it, actually. You see it there, and as you push forward a little bit with your hand, it doesn't seem to be-- the gravitational shift isn't affecting you. Up this way? Right there on the edge? You can just barely see the edge of Doty right past these. You see his head on the ground. You see Taryon in the middle, and you see Percival right there. You can move three more squares if you want to. Okay. You can look inside now. You see a small chamber, and what appears to be a small chest against the wall there, and this area is just an open space. (laughing) Okay! (boom) So, you watch as, suddenly, spiraling out of the air, this swirl of fire forms into a large, burning ball of flame that begins to collide and burn and singe into Doty's (squealing metal) prone form on the ground, still reeling from the impact of being knocked off the tower. That's 5d6 damage. Go ahead and roll a dexterity saving throw for Doty. I think it's dexterity, right? Prone doesn't change your dexterity saving throw. That does not make her DC, unfortunately. So that's 5d6 points of fire damage against Doty. 22 points of fire damage. Just, "Tary?" (explosion) Just a white flash like Akira opening. You know what? You had ten feet of movement left. So I'll say, boom, boom. There you go. So you flicker inside and you are currently contained on the inside there. Oh, yeah. It's all sorts of held up there for you. So, that ends your turn, Keyleth. Taryon. You are floating in a sphere over a pool of murky green liquid. Boots of Speed, clicked. You have 80 feet of movement on the sphere. However, the sphere is half your movement to push it, so you get to push it 40 feet. Right now, on the water, you get about that far. (straining sound) It's splashing behind, the ball's coasting, and you're almost three, two feet from the edge of the rock, and you're like, "Oh God! Oh God!" The sweat's starting to pour from your brow. All right. And what's Doty going to do? Trapped inside the sphere, it doesn't say anything about it making silence or blocking sound, so you can still communicate. Sanctuary, once you get an attack-- It lasts a minute until-- I'm pretty sure it's until the creature attacks. Yes, until the warded creature takes an attack. So right now, it still has Sanctuary on. Yes. That's a valid point and reminder. It probably will be fine, but Keyleth, I should've remembered, because he did have Sanctuary. No, it wasn't. You target it to ram into something. It wasn't a Fireball. Wisdom saving throw. Because it says "target with a harmful spell." So, yes. You're fine. I just wanted to double check on that, because I totally forgot about the Sanctuary. But still warded with Sanctuary, getting up, half movement, so Doty has 20 more feet to move, I think. Speed of 40. What do you want Doty to do? Okay, so Doty's going to move five-- No, he is, and he gets about that far. Doty's like (clanging metal) "Tary!" A ball of flames just slamming into the back. All right. I think that ends your turn, Taryon. Percival, you're up. Okay. Five, ten, 15, 20. Your movement's halved, it's like rough terrain, essentially, as you're moving forward. Two more. But now as you get into the doorway, it's not affecting you anymore. You do see a small chest in the corner. Okay, so make an action to try and repair it real fast. Okay, yeah. So you repair Animus. It's an action to do that, yeah. Okay. So there you are. You are inside of that chamber. Perfect. All right. The large pillars that were humming diminish. The slowly shifting blue, crackling towers at the top of each large tower begin to spin faster, and you hear (crackling) and bursts of electrical energy just (static) out of each side. Everyone on the tower, which would just be you, I need you to make a dexterity saving throw. Okay, so you succeed. It would be 16 points of lightning damage, it's reduced to eight. So you take eight points of lightning damage. And then as the bolt subsides, the towers slowly spin back down and appear to have gone dormant once more. This has been fun so far. You guys just barely got into it. All right. Laura. Your turn. What you got, Vex? You can see Doty. You can see Taryon. You watched Keyleth turn into the fire elemental and disappear into this chamber. And you watched Percy run into this chamber. They're stone. Five feet of stone. You can if you want to. You guys are welcome to communicate between each other for this. Trinket runs up (heavy footsteps) (growl) and shoves you, and you spin back. Roll a strength check, because this is pushing against Taryon's wound-up, Sonic the Hedgehog, gotta-go-fast speed. 16. Okay, make a strength check. Yeah, you get pushed back right into the center of the water there. Yeah, that was Trinket's attack. It was a shove attack. Okay, so you're holding your attack action, arrow ready, waiting for someone else to show up. That ends your turn, Vex. Grog, you're up. Okay, you (ferocious growling) (quieter growling). You glance through and you see a large, burning ball of fire that's right there, just chilling. You see Doty (heavy footsteps) running away towards the water, where you see Taryon being pushed back in the water by a large bear. And as soon as you glance up... a dual arrow release. Yep. So you get two strikes on this. Yep. So eight damage. Or, because lightning's halved, too, right? So six damage. Currently, no. By the way, it is a tiny doorway, and you are a big man. The hatch you went through was a leap down, and you barely fit through. This doorway is going to cost you some movement to get through it. Yeah, it's like (whooshing arrow) (scream). You get out there, it'll take you ten movement. To get to the doorway, it took you ten movement, to move and get out of it, so you have 30 more feet from here. Going this way? Five, ten, 15, 20, 25, 30. You can get there. Sure. All righty. Grog is lying down prone. Is that your turn? Yes, you can. There you go. You gain 12 hit points. All right. So, Grog, that's your turn? Keyleth. You didn't use your action, so if you wanted to, you could use your action to move again if you wanted to dash. Don't forget you have that option. Yeah. If you're not using your action for anything else, and your Second Wind is a bonus action, if I recall, correct? So yeah. All right, so instead of falling prone, you go. Do you want to go this way or this way to get towards the tower? Like, the perimeter or center? Okay. You get there, and then you go prone? All righty. Say you're prone there. From where you are, you cannot see him. You watched him run; he wasn't being stealthy about it and he's 12 feet tall right now. You're watching him (heavy footsteps) and he's just out of view, but you know exactly where he is. Ends Grog's turn. Keyleth, you're up. You see a giant Grog just (heavy footsteps) loom past the outside of the structure. You see this flickering fire of Keyleth's elemental form in the inside of this structure there. No, there's just the doorway here and the doorway here. Those are the only-- Not from what you can tell. You can investigate for it if you want to, but that'll be your action. Yeah, it's 25 feet to get into Trinket's space. Okay, go for it. So 20 movement right next to Trinket. I believe that misses on Trinket. Okay! So, the first one misses, the second one definitely hits. Go ahead and roll double-die damage on the second one. Yes, and then add the bonus. So Trinket takes 33 fire damage and is currently on fire. So, Trinket is like (very unhappy bear groans) (roars). Tary or Doty? Go ahead and make another wisdom saving throw. 19? Yeah. Go ahead and roll a dexterity saving throw for Doty, and roll another 5d6 fire damage. What's your spell DC? Yeah, no. So, full 5d6 fire damage. As the ball slams into the back, you watch as Doty's open chamber where the book is held goes (cling) and flings open as fire bursts out from the inside. He's now burnt and hollowed out from the inside, and you watch as a cinder cluster of pages hits the ground before burning away. Doty goes, "Tar--" (clang) and falls to the ground. One arm detonates. It doesn't hit anybody, but there's now curled pieces of broken and sheared metal where the arm once was. What's the speed of your fire elemental? Yeah, so you have 25-- no, it was-- you have 30 more feet of movement. What's that, I'm sorry? We'll say for the sake of fairness, because I realize now if one of you guys was the keeper of the health potions you'd be way too unfair. I'd say none of you have health potions on you right now. You may have to search the battlefield to discover things to help you. All right. Keyleth, that's the end of your turn? Okay. Taryon. Okay. (laughs) So Tary, you have your four healing potions. As a bonus action you can, yeah. There you go. And you're going to attempt to move? The momentum is now going this way. You turn around, okay. I'll say you get just to the edge and you can get ten more feet, that direction. As the rest of it carries you onto the land on the other side. That's as far as you get. Okay. That ends your turn. Percival. Okay. It is, yes. So you go (chest opening) throw the chest open. Ha, shit. No, you do find a greater healing potion. Over here? Okay, you can get to the very top if you want to. Okay, so we'll say you're right there. But this chest is opened, so I'll turn it to the side as a reminder. Basically. You knocked the chest prone. Okay! That's the end of your turn, Percival? All righty. The fiery braziers around suddenly begin to (explosion) and detonate, as the flames inside burst out in a radius. Nobody is quite in the radius to be affected by them. You watch as the corners of the battlefield are suddenly engulfed in flames briefly. Then the flames retract back into just very gently burning braziers. Vex, you're up. Okay, well, Trinket first takes three points of fire damage at the top of the round. Trinket wades into the water and does manage to put out the fire. However, Trinket does take-- -- does take six points of acid damage. Nope, it is not water. As Trinket wades in he goes (acid sounds) (hurt bear sounds). He gets back out of the water, and he's like-- you see like the (sizzling) off of him. If a bear could shrug-- What is a whale? Okay, so you (whoosh) over, and as you get up, you almost bump into the ceiling where that tower is. If you were flying from here? You could get right over there and see him on the ground, yeah. You could get right down to him. What are you doing? Make a deception check. Right. So Grog, do you accept it? Okay. She still touches it to you, but you're not willing, so what's the saving throw on that? (suction sound) Grog, you are absorbed into a familiar dark stony throne room, staring out through this small open space, almost like a personalized movie theater of the outside of the necklace. She has to release you. Mind you, Vex, the battle cannot be won until all the other people have been defeated. This is not considered defeat. Remember, just be aware, if you're the last one standing after everything else happens and you release Grog, he's going to destroy you, so think tactically. Okay. You cannot, because in order to get there, your full movement leaves you right in the doorway where she can see you. You literally landed, did that to Grog, and turned over your shoulder and see a giant fire elemental looking right at you. Yep, because you're not behind anything. You're just (groans). The inside is essentially a 20-by-20-foot cold stone room with a central stone throne, and the view you have is this ten-foot-by-five-foot slit window that looks out from the necklace. No, it's just a perspective. This is what Galdrick, the wolf, had been looking through for hundreds of years. And what Trinket looks through whenever he's trapped. That's your turn, Vex. Keyleth, you're up. What are you doing? Oh, that's right, you're up next. Grog, what do you want to do? Okay. Go ahead and roll an attack. Go ahead and roll damage. All right. Damage? Okay. Good. You are also technically sieged because of your gauntlets. All right. As you slam your axe into the front of this, you watch as the stone (rumble) quakes a little bit, and a little bit of dust (hiss) settles from the ceiling. Go ahead and roll attack. He's designed to make terrible choices. So that's 110 points of damage with your siege weaponry. As you rear back for your second strike, you bring your axe to go against this crystalline field, this layer that defends you from that. As you slam it, the axe hits and you watch as it spider-cracks (cracking) all across, and the room (rumbling) is now actively shaking. As you look around, you can see that the walls are starting to crumble, and rocks begin to tumble, and you see what looks like a black void behind the cracks that are opening. You have a third attack, Grog. What are you going to do, Mr. Raging? What are you going to do? Roll some damage. Oh, he would be fucking dead. So 120 points of damage. So Grog. You rear back once more, and that little bit of doubt in the back of your brain, you quickly squash! As your frenzied fury takes over, you see nothing but red, anger, and blood, as you rear back a third time and (whack). As you slam it, you hear what sounds like a thousand windows shattering at once, and all the walls suddenly collapse in towards you, rocketing and spiraling inward. It crushes into your body as you're thrust forward as the crystalline structure ahead of you shatters and pulls you through like a heavy vacuum. You suffer 26 points of piercing and bludgeoning damage. Halved to 13. And the necklace in front of you (shattering) shatters off your chest, and you watch as a giant Grog, right there into the hallway, right in front of you. Your necklace is gone. It is not functional for the rest of this battle. I was not expecting you to attack the inside of the wall. All righty! That ends your turn, Grog. Keyleth, you're up. Go for it. You're technically occupying Vex's space, right there. So you attack. 22? That hits, yeah. So go ahead and roll damage against Vex. Vex, you also catch fire. Oh, Grog! I misunderstood, sorry. So Grog, you catch fire. Flames are just (whoosh). So you take 20 points of fire damage, reduced to ten, and you're on fire. And you will remain on fire, taking 1d10 fire damage every round, until you spend an action to put it out. But it looks cool. All right, and because you moved into Vex's space, Vex, you also catch fire automatically. Does she immediately take the 1d10 damage for occupying someone's space? Okay. So roll 1d10 damage for Vex. Technically, both of them, because you had to move into both of their spaces to do it, so you take another 1d10 damage, Grog. All right, so Grog, you take two points of fire damage. Vex, you take five. Yes, you can. Actually, that's a valid point. Go ahead and roll, because he did reckless attack last turn. Okay. So what's your attack roll? Yeah, that hits. Go ahead and roll damage. 25 points of damage to your fire elemental form. You take full damage. However, doesn't he take damage whenever he... So you take four points of fire damage. All righty. Keyleth, so that's your action. You've moved 15 feet to get into Vex's and Grog's space. Okay, so that's 15, 20, 25, 30. You're going to stay in the room? Yes, you have 20 more feet of movement from here. There? How much does it move? 25, 30. It'll get just about there. It looks like it'll probably land in the acid. Probably. Next round, it can. It doesn't have the movement for the full jump, unfortunately. So it's right there on the edge (fire noises) angrily burning. I need you to make a concentration check, by the way, with advantage, for the damage that Grog hit you. It's a constitution saving throw, and you have to beat half his damage that he did to you. So 12, half. That ends your turn, Keyleth. Taryon! Wait, so your Scroll of Fire Shield, you said? Okay, yeah, that's ten minutes. Not concentration. So you said warm shield, which gives you resistance to cold damage? Okay. All right, you've got 40 feet of movement. Here? (clang) Turns into a nice crossbow. All right. (clicking) That's your turn? All right! Top of the round. Percy, what are you doing? Around here? All right. You turn the corner. Grog is now hexed and on fire. If they're prone, an attack roll against the creature has advantage if they're within five feet. Otherwise it's disadvantage. If the person is prone, it's harder for you to hit with ranged weapons. This is not very Percy of you. Okay. Is this also piercing? So that's another grit spent. 22, Grog? So you get to also roll an attack against Vex, as well. Basically, the shot goes through both of you. It goes through Grog's shoulder (explosion) and has enough weight to actually impact and hit Vex in the same shot. So you watch as the muscle of the shoulder explodes, and in that brief second you dodge your head out of the way, and watch as the ball goes (whoosh) and skims the edge of your cheek. A little blood goes (flick) down the side. You glare at him through the hole in his shoulder, Tombstone-style. 33 points of piercing damage. That's 16. Four necrotic, not halved. This time you turn around and see Percy there. He pulls out the Retort shot, and you're like (whoosh) and duck right out of the way. Okay. That's about the extent of your movement, there. All righty. That ends your turn. Not saving throws, checks. So insight, perception, things like that. All right. The pillars that you see in the center here begin to (vibration) emit that weird, vibrating hum again, and you feel, Keyleth, as the gravitational pull warps around you but doesn't affect your form, because of your Freedom of Movement. However, Trinket seems to (groans) be pulled down by the gravity of it. You watch as Doty's form on the ground across the way, (crack) gravity crushes a little further in towards the stone. It seems to be radial around each pillar. All right. Vex, you're up. Okay. So you put yourself out as an action? Okay. First thing, at the top of your round, you take four points of fire damage. You spend the action to put yourself out, so you are now no longer on fire. That's a bonus action. From Grog? Rogues, man. So you can get up about... we'll say 40 feet. Yeah, you're up near the top, straight up. Okay, so you get a little ways over. We'll say about... there. Ends your turn? Grog, you're up. She's about 40 feet up from you right now. Yeah. So you take three points of fire damage, reduced to one. Okay. So you turn. All right, you're advancing towards Percy. (counting) Yes, you can. Go ahead and roll your check to see if you succeed or not. You land right on the opposite side of Percy. We'll push this open just a little bit to get your placement as you slam into the ground right next to him. (heavy impact). All of a sudden, Percival, you're standing against the wall and you hear (footsteps). Nothing. (explosion) Right to the right of you, the sudden slam of stone, as the behemoth goliath Grog lands next to you, grinning, blood pouring out of the bullet wound in his shoulder, big smile. Yes, you may. No, you took Blood Axe, didn't you? 26 points of damage to you. So you rolled a what? What did you roll for damage? Well, hold on. What level fighter are you? Right, which means... Yep. That's the great weapon fighting. You haven't used that yet, really. Wait, so how much is that? You double the dice, not the bonus. No, just the dice. So you rolled an eight, so it's 16, plus the modifier. Plus your brutal critical. Which is another three additional damage dice at level 17, Grog. Well, no, because you're not a level 17 barbarian, so it is two. You're right. So, that's two. An additional 19 to the 30. 76 plus 19? Right? The last hit was 19 points of damage? So 76 total before that. He did 96, wait. Right. Sorry, just doing the math here. Oh, total! I see. Okay. Grog, not a bad round. You did 96 points of damage! All right! So, that's Grog's turn. Keyleth, you're up. Vex is flying up on the top, on her broom. Have Trinket roll a dexterity saving throw. Nope! 5d6 points of fire damage on Trinket. Nope! Unconscious and burning. Smoke (sizzling) off the burnt fur. (sad bear sounds) Full movement and action; that was just your bonus action. No, it's at the top of your round that you take the damage. Oh, and Percy? Roll concentration checks for Hex. So first attack, just roll higher than a 14, we'll say. Okay, Hex is gone. Hex-a-gone! All right. Keyleth, what are you doing? Over here? Speed of 50, right? You can try, I don't want to tell you if you can or not. You can try to figure it out. You get just there on the inside. You see, it's largely empty and there is a chest that's currently open and looks empty. You see, as you're running by, a large hammer over the top of the wall on the opposite side going (thuds). These heavy, wet thuds. All right, so that's your movement. You have your action, still. Right. It's a bonus action to do that, which you already used to move your sphere. Sure. Taryon. Yes. You're there in the corner with your crossbow. The broom isn't huge. You can fit it up inside there. Take that quote out of context. (laughter) MATT and You're right here, way over in the corner. Okay. Five, ten, 15. What are you going to try? What are you trying, Tary? I'm going to make a judgment call here, based on the wording. Give me just one second. Can pass through the sphere... I'm going to say sure. It's not passing through it, it's creating a passable window in the sphere. It makes sense. So you go ahead and pull it off and slap it, and you watch as a little two-foot-by-two-foot window opens up. All righty. Yeah, technically... nah, it's too late now to retcon that. My fault. All right, so. That ends your turn, Tary? Percival, you're up. Greater healing is 4d4 plus four. Okay. All right. What does it say on the card? Yeah, just dex modifier. Well, no. I'd say add your proficiency, as well, because you built the thing. So that's one attack. Yeah. So Percy's (frustrated grunting) trying to reach out towards you. Lightning damage to you, so that's halved. So you take 12 points. Constitution saving throw. Yeah, Hex went away. If he would've rolled low, that would've saved you, probably. Technically, you had advantage on your attacks against him because he used reckless. You would've had advantage, so the two attack rolls we'll say were one attack. Well, you can hit him with the gun. You just have disadvantage with the strikes, but you have advantage, so it would be just a straight roll. Both hit, yeah. Okay, so 11 points piercing damage, Grog. Correct. You can still run, but he gets to swipe at you. Yes, you can. (laughs) You can flee. (counting) That's as far as you can get with your movement. There's two doors and a ladder. No, you can run up the side. Up this wall? So you're right there. That's your turn, Percy? The electrical towers at the top cycle (electricity noises) and flash with a bolt of energy. Nobody is in the radius to be affected; no effect. That brings us to Vex. Up at the top, as you flew up there on the broom, you felt your head and shoulders bump and hit the ceiling, and you're like, shit. Arrows ready. Okay. (laughter) First, roll damage for everything. For all of it. From? As you're on the wall, you feel the sense, this burning in your ears, and you glance up just as you watch an arrow (arrow sound) come towards you and as it bursts open, this series of tendrils of vines, you reach over and grab and stop the arrow, somewhat, before it pierces into you, but you still manage to pull it back and the vines begin to ensnare around you. Go ahead and roll a strength saving throw, I believe? DC 17. They (whoosh) wrap around you and you find yourself-- That does succeed. So as they wrap around you, you (strained grunting) and burst off of them and the arrow breaks out and they all turn gray and wither into dust as they hit the ground. You fall unconscious and off the wall, hitting the ground. You take three points of bludgeoning damage as you hit, which is an immediate failed death save. Oh yeah, that's part of this. Yeah, if you roll a natural 20 on your death save. It's happened before. Okay. Drop down to the roof? Okay, you lay down on the roof, using your bonus action to hide. Go ahead and roll a stealth check. 27. As far as you know, no one has any idea where the hell you are. All right, that ends your turn. Grog, you're up. You watch her (descending noise). As you lumber around, you go and see his unconscious body there, on the ground. Okay, you move in. That's ten more feet. Go ahead and roll, with advantage. All right. It's an auto-crit because it was within five feet. How do you want to do this? The whole face caves in as the hammer scatters him like a Gallagher watermelon across the stone floor. Percival is no more. First to fall. Five, ten, 15, 20. Toward the tower this way? Yeah, if you want to. Go ahead and roll for that. You land (grunt, impact noise) right toward the base. That's true. Last round, or just this one? That's five fire damage, reduced to two. And you disappear into the center of the tower. You get partway up the stairs. Yeah, it's a spiral staircase. All right, that ends your turn, Grog. Keyleth? No, you were inside the cusp of this building the entire time. Glancing around there, you saw her up there, and make a perception check. 21. You got the gist. You watched her descend, but you have no idea directly where she is. You know she's somewhere in this area. You know where she is. If you have an area something you want to do, you could probably hit her, but you can't aim a specific attack directly at her because you can't see her. You saw Grog run by this way, and that's the last you saw. And you know that Vex is somewhere in this area. What do you want to do? You're there. Sure. Yeah, okay, go for it. Technically... yeah, it's fine. 30 feet for the sphere? There, that's as far as it can get right there. Okay, that ends your turn, Keyleth? All righty. Taryon, your turn. Okay, I know where you are. That's your turn? Okay, Taryon. No longer Percy's turn. So with that, the braziers-- Right, yes. And all the braziers flare up. Don't affect anybody. That brings us to Vex. The opposite tower, flying over here? You make your way there. Make a perception check. Yeah, you see the flickering flames of Keyleth within the inside, in the very cusp of this. She has three-quarters cover, but you have sharpshooter, so you ignore that. 17 points of damage. 25 to hit? That hits. Damage? As the brambles wrap around her, the flames burn them away. She's immune to being restrained. At this point, yeah. We're skirting a line, here, of watching you go up and land. You aren't amongst trees in a forest. It's easy to see where you are, vaguely. Roll a stealth check. Okay, good to know. That ends Vex's turn. Grog! No, it's just stairwell. Like when you went through the other one, it's empty, more of a gaining of ground and/or protective space. You got ten feet in, so ten feet out. You still have 40 at the doorway. There's a Flaming Sphere there, which you're like, "oh, avoid!" 25, 30, 35, 40. You're just stepping over the corpse of Trinket. He's doing okay for now. Grog, that's your movement. You're technically right here. You have your action, still. You can dash if you want to get all the way there, or you can attack something in the vicinity. What do you want to do? (counting) You get inside here and see a small chest by the doorway there. You can move to the chest, but it'll take an action to open it. Yes, you can. You do. You open it up, and there is a potion bottle within it. So you acquire the potion. You open the chest and you grab the potion. You have your bonus action, still, right? So 4d4 plus four. You also take six points of fire damage, reduced to three. Because you're doing this while on fire. Make a perception check. You glance up the tower, and you see just the edge of Vex trying to hide around the stonework. You see her feather and the edge of her hair, and you see her right up on the top. No. The Fire Storm down the side? How many cubes is it? That's nasty. Okay, Fire Storm. Ten ten-foot cubes. You could even get to Grog, if you wanted to. Yeah, it is. It's very Minecraft. (fire noises) All right, I need you to go ahead and make a dexterity saving throw, Vex. And Marisha, roll 7d10. Yeah, that's the damage of Fire Storm, man. What's your DC? So you succeed, so half damage. Just barely succeeded. The front doors, by the way, of this tower? Are now on fire. The wooden doors at the bottom have now caught flame from the Fire Storm, and you can see elements of the inside the tower are starting to catch fire, too. And you get to reroll ones once because of your staff. So you take 26 points of fire damage. No. No. Based on your specifications and the movement of the broom, yes. I know where you are. Yeah, it's 30 feet there. All righty, that brings us to Taryon! Yes, or attack something. Nope. Yeah. Well, next to Vax. Not on the broom, though. It's your walking speed. No. That's starting to borderline on an attack. You're not too sure. You can try it. Yes. Yes. You watched Grog run past, you watched Vex get set fire in a tower, and you watched Keyleth cast the spell and then disappear inside the room. She's not caught fire, but you watched flames consume her briefly. (laughs) It seems to be a theme. Okay. That's your turn, Taryon. All right, top of the round. The arcane towers burst. I need you to make a dexterity saving throw. 30? Okay, that would be 11 points of lightning damage, reduced to five. All right. Vex, your turn. As the flames subside, you're like (pants). You glance over and you can see Keyleth vanish back inside that room. Currently, you have no view of her, but you just watched her just barely step inside. You can still get perspective if you were to move to get a better angle. There's plenty of places for you guys to hide. There's nothing but hiding places! Okay, over here? Okay. You can barely see Keyleth out of the side, yeah. Yes, because you have sharpshooter, so you can attack her. You get to about there. You can look down and you see her poking out. Okay, I see. Yeah, so we'll say you can be there. You can get down to the roof and see her from there. You Hunter's Marked Grog, I thought. Percy. That's what it was. Yeah. Keyleth as a bonus action. Yeah. I'm pretty sure it is. Okay. 26 hits. So you're not Hunter's Marking her? Okay. 16 plus nine. Roll a concentration check. With advantage. Yeah, you're fine. Hits. Go ahead and roll damage. That's 20 points of damage. Go ahead and roll another concentration check. Just roll higher than a ten. Yeah, whatever your constitution saving throw is. So maintains concentration. You don't really have any way to hide from her right now. Okay, so you drop prone. There you go, we'll say. Yep. You watched her vanish. You know she's somewhere on or near that roof, but you're not specifically aware. So that ends your turn. Grog? Roll for that. 22, yep. You actually land on Doty's head, crushing it into the ground. That's the rest of your movement, there. Yeah. You can dash if you want to move all the way in, but you won't have an action. Okay. So you head inside, and you get to the appearance of this. You get in there, and there is the chest there, yeah. That's your turn? All right. That ends your turn. Keyleth? Yeah, you just got shot twice, and you're (gasps). You pull back inside and you're (gasps). You glance outside and you hear (heavy footfalls). You have no idea where Vex is at the moment. The last you saw her, she was on the roof, and you watched Grog dart by without seeing you and then run into the building right across the way. What are you going to do, Keyleth? What are you going to do? Yeah. It's just making them adjacent to each other. That can be in height, too, yeah. As long as they're against a surface. Okay. So how many points has that spent on the spire? There you go. You're causing it to consume the entire roof? Yeah, so you can just fill the roof and then down the side and then fill the inside. All right, so I need both Grog and Vex to make dexterity saving throws. 19 does not make it. So roll 7d10 fire damage. You take half of it because you're resistant. Yep. 51 points of fire damage to you Grog, halve that to 25. Still conscious? Good. Vex, you take the same thing. 25 points of fire damage. So that's your attack. The Flaming Sphere? The Flaming Sphere hits there. Yeah, you're right. So yes. So you get there. No, you spent all your actions. They're well aware of where you are; they watched you (footsteps) around the corner. You hear (heavy breathing) around the wall. That finishes Keyleth's turn. Taryon. You could, with your movement, reach him. Okay. (hissing gas) What's the radius of that? Yeah, so there's a 20-foot area here. Keyleth's the only one that can see it out of the corner of your eye. You watch as where Doty's body is, suddenly smoke fills this area here, obscuring Doty's currently not moving body. That's your turn? If this is going to continue, I want you to tell me where you're going, just to come over and whisper to me. Otherwise this is getting a little weird. For the first round, it's fine, but... Yeah, you can text me if you want to, or come by and whisper real fast. All right. That brings us to top of the round... You did take ten damage, reduced to five. All righty. So the towers (vibration) begin to extend that vibration again, and the gravity begins to converge and condense around each of these towers once more. All righty. Vex, you're up. You're on your back right now, going (groans). A little bit of smoke (coughs) out of the mouth. That you know of. Okay, about there. That's as far as you can get with your full movement. Okay, go for it. 18 points of health to you. All right, got it. Trinket's still doing okay. Succeeded two. You didn't have visual on her at that time. Not since you moved away from the edge. You moved out of the way to make sure nobody could see you. Sure, yeah. She wasn't hidden. So she's marked. Okay, that's the end of your turn. Grog? You haven't opened the chest yet. So your action (bang) open the chest. Grab the potion, bonus action to drink it, yeah. 4d4 plus four. The chest is burning, but you're already on fire, so it doesn't affect you any more than it would. But you do take two points of fire damage. It was four, reduced to two, because you're still burning. It's very Grog. You were Hunter's Marked, by the way, Keyleth. No, just Hunter's Marked. Yeah. Yep! SAM; The jig is up! All righty. Keyleth. So I don't have an adult black dragon mini. We're going to use a red one, but you are a black one. Yeah. You are still Hunter's Marked, but yeah. Yeah, you can still move. Only one way to find out. You delve into the pool with a splash as it spills over the edges, and you submerge yourself beneath the surface. It's just deep enough for you to get entirely within the water. It displaces a bit, yeah. But while she's in it, she's currently submerged. Yep, both of them begin to just (sizzle). Doty's done. Nope. And Trinket begins to slowly dissolve in his unconscious state. That is a second failed death save on Trinket. Well, yeah. Is that your turn, Keyleth? All right. Taryon. All right. Yes. Okay. You're submerged in the water, but the spray goes through water. It's a light effect. So you grab one of your rubies, you run up to the edge of the smoke, and release a Prismatic Spray in this direction. Trinket's done. Trinket is turned to dust and ash. We're talking Terminator 2 dream sequence atomic bomb. That's an interesting point, actually. Well, the only one who's seen you transform is Taryon, so Taryon, I need you to go ahead and make a wisdom saving throw, please. You are considered frightened. You watch as Keyleth turns into this black dragon and you go (screams) and watch her dive into the acid pool and you go (screams). Well, no. When you're frightened, specifically, you have disadvantage on ability checks and attack rolls, as long as you can see them, and you cannot move willingly closer to it. You can move away or adjacent, but you cannot move closer to her. You make the saving throw at the end of your turn. It's a spell. It doesn't affect him at all. So you still have to make a saving throw versus Prismatic Spray. We'll find out here in a second. So I need you to roll a d8, please. Four. I need you to make a dexterity saving throw as an adult black dragon. Nope. So you take 10d6 poison damage. You earned this. 34 points of poison damage to you. Make a constitution saving throw. You rolled twice, though, didn't you? Oh, that's right, because you have that feat. She has the Warcaster feat. So you're good. You are. So Keyleth, while you're submerged under the acid, all of a sudden there's a spray of greenish light that coasts through the surface of the water and beams across you, and you feel a horrible poison take effect on your stomach and internal system. You're like (groans). You saw it burst forth from that cloud of smoke that had been appearing on that side of the battlefield just outside of the water. With your walking movement, yes. You still have 40 feet left. You are currently here. Okay. There you go. As a bonus action? Okay. Sanctuary on you. All righty. That ends Taryon's turn. You did, just in time for all the braziers to go (puff, fiery explosion). I need you to make a dexterity saving throw, Grog. 15? You take four points of fire damage, reduced to two. And you're set on fire, but you already were. (laughter) Okay, so you head over to the edge, glance down, and you see the flames rescind from the brazier, and there Grog is patting the side of his arm. The flames are on his shoulders, but he's putting it out on his elbow. All right, go for it. Yep. Okay. This is getting close. So eight, plus one. Nine. Nine damage. Okay. You spent ten movement moving up to the side there. You get on your broom, so you get up to about... we'll say, for the purposes of this, you can't get too high up here. You get about there. You can get about there. A little bit over to this side. That's what you're doing. We'll say you're up there. Right. About here. I'm just putting you-- fine, I'll move it. There you go. Roughly, that's where you are. It's a lot to coordinate. That ends your turn, Vex. Grog, you're up. The wood ladder here? That is five, ten, 15. Yeah, go ahead and roll. You get halfway up. Yeah. You get up to right about there, and you have ten more feet. This way? Okay. Oh yeah. Okay. Grog, you took another four points of fire damage, reduced to two, from the fire. (throwing noises) It's nasty. You stayed over the roof. You fall prone. You still take a point of bludgeoning damage, which is an immediate failed save, so you've lost one death save and you're unconscious there. That end your turn, Grog? All righty. Keyleth. You don't know where anybody is. You're in acid water. Perception check. From this perspective? Not really. You do see Vex go (thud). How far up are you going to fly? It's about 35 feet to the top. 35 feet to the top edge. You see Vex unconscious on the ground there, bleeding out of the side of the mouth, and you see a giant Grog. On fire, with the hammer pulling back. Grog, you look over your shoulder and you see a big black dragon (whoosh). The dragon goes (guttural growling speech). To be fair, you guys focused on each other for most of this fight. I need you to make a dexterity saving throw, Grog. That does not succeed. Keyleth, I need you to roll your 12d8 acid damage that Grog's about to take. Nor resistant. (guttural growling) There's a stream of acid that sprays down the tower over you, Grog. Go ahead and make your constitution saving throw. So as the acid sprays over Grog, Grog still stands there, covered in acid and looks at you. It puts out the fire. Barbarians have an ability where when they go to zero hit points, they make a constitution saving throw to resist going to zero. But he's still standing as the acid is (sizzling). Your Hunter's Mark is gone now. You have your movement. Okay. Into the water. You're mostly submerged right now. Splashing in and out of the water, it's displacing a lot of the acid. Your wings and your back are still visible. All right, that end your turn? With that, Taryon. You watch this dragon fly up, spray acid onto the tower, and then disappear into the water below. You haven't seen him. When you were in the sky, you saw what looked like a mess in really nice clothing, so you saw Percival. The head was pumpkined. It was bad. Actually, here's the thing real fast. Let me read this. Frightful presence. You repeat at the end of its turn. Make another roll for the end of your last turn I forgot to make you do. So in theory, you know the dragon's there. You can't quite move closer to it, and that would be considered closer, so you'd have to go around this way. The door to the tower is right there, yeah. It is, yeah. You get there. You see the dragon as you rush by. The smoke is still there. You move past the smoke and the pillar. This Flaming Sphere is gone, by the way. Forgot that. All right, so roll a d8. All right, so go ahead and roll a dexterity saving throw, Keyleth. So that's another 10d6 poison damage. 35 points of fire damage to you. Poison damage, yeah. Keyleth, make a constitution saving throw. Yeah, you're fine. You maintain your concentration. Okay, and? You do, yeah. You have your boots and the potion, so your movement is 160? 120. Yeah, you can go anywhere in that tower if you wanted to. There's this floor, there's the second floor, there's a third floor, and then there's the hatch through the top. Yeah. This is a stairway, which blocks this. Technically, that's just there, so you can fit up into here, and you don't technically see the dragon from that. You can glance over to the side of here and poke your head through the stairs and look and be like (whimpers). And also Sanctuary. One more. Sanctuary's not there, since you used Prismatic Spray. All righty, so make a wisdom saving throw to see if you can resist the frightened effect. Plus? Minus one? Nope. You're still frightened. You're still like, "Oh god, dragon!" All righty, top of the round. The pillars once again (vibration) and begin to affect this area around these pillars, beginning to call gravity to the ground. All righty. That brings us to... Vex, roll a death saving throw. Yeah, okay. Grog, your turn. Well, I'll have to pare down the deck, since we don't have the full deck here. It's a half deck. Where did you get this? Oh man. I'm going to do this. This is very true. You may not be in a moment! Who knows? Okay, so starting from here, we have... Thanks for your patience, guys. So Grog. How many cards do you want to pull? (giggling) Five? Five cards? Okay. Five cards. Here, you guys got to pick, all right. Keep track of the order. The final one there. Okay, so Vex is the last one. Okay. Grog, first card. What did you pull? Grog. Weirdly, not much happens to you that you notice in the moment. At all. Your Bag of Holding's fucking empty now, and all of your non-magical items are gone. All of your personal wealth is gone. Magical items are not affected. It's non-magical. You're no longer a Grand Poobah in this temporary alternate universe. So that probably was one of the better cards you could've pulled. What's the second card, Grog? Okay. Okay, so no discernible effect at the moment. But I'll say for the hell of it Should you survive this battle, it's going to be really rough one day to have Wilhand stab you in your sleep. While you're sitting there, and you're resting one night, Wilhand's like (growls). All right. Third card. Increase one of your ability scores by two. You can increase your constitution by two. Okay, so your hit points now go up by 17. Yes, he does. Yeah, because it automatically increases his modifier by one. All right. Fourth card? Okay. This is the one I thought you had pulled originally. A rare or rarer magical item. I'm going to roll randomly for this real fast. A beautiful black and ivory-inlaid sword shows up, a greatsword shows up in your hand. You have to attune to it, unfortunately. And then, what's the next card? (giggles) You look at the card for a second like, "Huh, what does this do?" And you hear a voice go (clears throat). You look to your side, and there is a gentleman with armor and weapons who goes, "Sir Grog! I am here to serve you! Whatever you need, let me know! My life for Strongjaw!" (laughter) "Oh, goodness, sir! Are you all right?" "Dragon?" Okay, you control this character. You tell him whatever to do. So you have a 4th-level fighter. Yeah. However, he's the same race as you, so he's a goliath in full armor. All righty. Nope. Yeah. Okay. What about your friend? Okay, so you pull down the trap door once again, and it's small in there. How far down do you go? You go down to the second level and as you crawl down, you look and you see Taryon there, looking out a window, looking very scared. You re-cast Sanctuary on yourself, right? All right, so that's your turn, Grog. As your knight's double fingering towards the... Gotcha. Whoa, this got weird. Okay. Keyleth, it's your turn. You look up and you see a goliath in full armor just going... It does! Go ahead and roll a wisdom saving throw for the knight. Jeez. He's like, "Dragon! Where--" (screams) As you land next to him, he's like (weak chuckle) So full multiattack on this guy, you said, right? All right, go for it. Roll some attacks here. Okay, that'll hit. Okay, 15 does not hit. 18 does hit. Yep, two attacks hit. Sure, go ahead and roll damage. Okay, so 21 total. And then your next strike, the claw? 12 damage. As you strike him (heavy impacts), he's like (whimpers) and he's still alive. Yes, you do get an attack of opportunity. All right, so you hover above, we'll say with your full movement, you don't get too far, unfortunately, because you took, to get into that space up there, would've been 70. Okay. You stay there. Go ahead and roll an attack for him. No, if you're not moving, he doesn't. You're right. Never mind. All right, so bringing it back to Taryon. All right, roll an insight check. Go ahead. You have to drink it on your turn, but he hands it to you. Yeah, you can. You walk up to Grog, and (cork pop). He can maintain his rage as long as he wants. High-level barbarians, man. Well, there can be only one. So 54? No, 64. 64 health, I think you're at. That's your turn. You can move, Taryon, if you want to, or do you want to stay put? Yes, at the end of your turn, you do. At the end of your turn, though. If you're going to move, move first. Okay, you get down to the bottom floor, and you're right by the doors, which are now burned down entirely. The wood has caught fire and crumbled in. Yeah, you have a shit-ton of movement. You see the edge of a wing going (whoosh). Over here? Okay. With that, Taryon, you head down through here and into this north bunker over here. All right. Grog, you're technically in that room there. Yes, now you roll your fear. 18, I think it is? Only lasts a minute. All right, that ends your turn, Taryon? The arcane towers (crackling) send out a burst of energy. Roll a dexterity saving throw for your knight friend, and you roll, as well. 18? He succeeds. It would be 16 lightning damage. Instead, he takes eight. I'll mark that here. He's hurt pretty bad, but he's still hanging in there. What did you roll? 15. So you take 16 points of lightning damage. Go ahead and roll a constitution check. Okay. And... yeah. How many have you lost now? Now it's your turn. Go ahead and roll again. And with that, we'll say from a narrative standpoint, as the lightning sparks out and it hits Keyleth in her dragon form, she falls back and her back foot (squelch) accidentally smears Vex. All right, so that's the end of Vex's turn. Grog, you're up. So Grog, you get up to the top of the hatch and you come out and you're right there next to your goliath friend, in the face of this big dragon. What are you going to do? Okay. Go for it. Before you roll damage on the next one, roll another constitution saving throw for concentration. Beat a 12. Okay. You rolled a nine on the die. This is the damage. So 18, plus your modifier. Plus two additional dice for the weapon. 47 points of damage to you. Roll another constitution saving throw. You have to beat a 23. Constitution. It's not wisdom. It's constitution for these. Keyleth's form drops. The spell drops, losing concentration. Her form reverts into regular Keyleth again. It wasn't damage over. There's Keyleth in front of you. You still have your third attack. Okay. Go ahead and roll damage. 27 damage to you, and your friend next to you, who's no longer frightened because you're no longer a dragon. Yeah, he does. He attacks on your turn. He gets two attacks with his greatsword. Go ahead and attack twice for him. Plus five to hit. All right, so 2d6 plus three to each hit. I'll protect you, my lord! 2d6 plus three. 13 damage. Ends your turn, Grog? Keyleth, you're up. Form has dropped. Grog is looking healthier than you remember him. Roll a charisma saving throw. I think it's charisma, right? Plane Shift is a charisma saving throw. Grog, roll a charisma saving throw. What's your charisma? So you rolled a 19? What did you roll on the dice? That's a 20. Yeah, so he saves. It's what he rolled! You resist the effect as Keyleth is holding onto you, and she slowly lets go, shaking a little bit. Yes, you do. That's your 7th-level spell, gone. Grasping Vine is 4th-level. You can't cast it. Nope. Still gets a swing at you. Both of them. 2nd-level Healing Word. You can't do more than 2nd-level. I can't believe you made that fucking roll! It's the hat. It's the feathered hat. It pushes it just over. Land safely? Okay. Both you and your buddy get an attack of opportunity on her. 2d6 plus three. Six points of damage to you. Keyleth, you turn, you run. Make an athletics check, please. No. It's okay. You didn't have to roll high. You'll get a decent distance, but your jump distance is tripled because of your mantle, so you do manage to make it and land on that roof. You take four points of bludgeoning damage. I rolled one, one, two. Yeah, it hurt. It pops a little bit, but you're there. Four points, yeah. All right. That's your turn, Keyleth? Taryon. You're way over here. Halfway up? About there. Cone? It's a cone outward. You could hit both of them. All three of them with it. You have to pull back a lot, like over here. Yeah, they're all within 60 feet. Prismatic Spray. Yeah, d8. Five. That's cold damage. I need Grog, Keyleth. Your knight friend is (ice cracking) frozen into place and is now a frozen statue of ice, there, up in the tower. Dexterity saving throw, yeah. Yeah, you succeed. So half damage to both of you. Roll that now. It's 10d6 cold damage. Yeah, we'll see how the roll goes. This is close. Top of the round. The towers surge, bursting with energy up here and up here. Grog, I need you to roll another dexterity saving throw. 18? Okay, that just succeeds. You take half damage. Right. I rolled pretty good, so it was 21 points of lightning damage, reduced to ten, and then halved because you have resistance, so five. And Grog, it's your turn. You have Keyleth over here. Go ahead and roll your athletics check. Don't be a one. Okay. You leap and land. You do take three points of bludgeoning damage. Six, reduced to three. I know. Okay, go for it. On the first hit? Go ahead and roll damage. I know. So Keyleth-- you take the three damage not from the stone breaking your fall, but from her breaking your fall as you land on her. She (thud) onto the stone, flat on the ground, the hammer placed squarely between the back of her shoulderblades, in the middle of the neck. As you bring the hammer back up, pulling it back, she's twitching a little on the stonework, but she's still alive. Roll an attack. Yeah. It's an auto-crit, so it's two automatic fails of your death saving throw. (splash) Make a strength check. He's making it, not you. You're making it. What did you get? 20. You arc her, (whoosh, sizzle) taking the final death saving throw as you slowly dissolve in the acid. Keyleth eliminated from the battle. 70 feet? You can hit him at 70 feet, yeah. It's disadvantage on the attack, though. Right. Well, first make a wisdom saving throw, because he has Sanctuary. You go-- Here? Okay. Your turn, Taryon. You see him. He's not really hiding. (laughs) He's resistant to slashing, bludgeoning, piercing, fire, cold, and lightning right now. Yeah, because of your belt. You can get about there. A little closer, actually. You'd have to get to about there and you can throw to him. This vial (splash) hits the ground and splashes acid all around you. He has to make a dexterity saving throw, I think? The DC, I'm pretty sure 18 makes it. No, that's a tactic. You take eight points of acid damage, Grog. All righty. Grog, it's your turn. Nope. He's about 15 feet ahead of you. So wisdom. So you go (frustrated noise). You have to roll to attack. Roll damage on that. You're like, (laughs, gong sound). You taste the blood for the first time in your mouth, really. Yeah. Going off the roof there and then get inside. So you'll be about there. You're low. You're hunched in there. Melee attacks inside that room for you right now are going to be at disadvantage because the space is so crowded. Taryon, your turn. A straight wall of flame engulfs the room. Dexterity save from you, Grog. 26, so you take half that, which is 13, because you succeeded on your save, and then half that. You take six points of fire damage. He's resistant to fire, man. That's your turn? You still have your bonus action. (laughs) All right. Grog, it's your turn. He's 30 feet above it. You have to move out of the room first. So you have ten feet out. That would have been great. Wisdom save. Second attack lost. Third and final strike. (grunts) 31 points of damage. Oh, to hit? Okay. 26 points of damage. All right. Tary, it's your turn. All righty. Dexterity check, Grog. Roll a d8. He rolls a d8. What did you roll? Four is poison, yeah. Yeah, so roll 10d6. And he saved, so he takes a quarter of the poison damage. 21, ten. Ten points of poison damage. He can't have that much more. Don't give up. All righty. Grog, it's your turn. It's not casting it at a higher level. He's sacrificing a higher-level spell slot to cast a lower-level. It doesn't change anything about it. You're just using a higher-level slot. It's not casting at a higher level. He's basically sacrificing a high-level spell to cast a lower-level spell that doesn't get any benefit from being sacrificed. First attack, you get through. He moved right under here. No, but he's not being knocked-- if it was an attack that pushed or did anything to affect his movement or yank him, then it would become an issue. Just doing damage won't do anything. The same things that would knock him off the broom would knock you off the broom. It would just mean the broom stays attached to you. You made a save on each of those rolls? Nope! Yes. Well, you have to roll saves for the next two. All right, so the last two attacks do no damage. Yes. He doesn't appear to be resistant to acid damage. Two-Face style. It's a dex save on you, Grog, to try and avoid it. What's your DC? No. Full damage on this. Acid damage, yeah. Roll a constitution. Well, plus one. The modifier gives you a plus one. The DC is 15 this time. Okay. He stays up at one hit point. The DC's going to be 20, next time that happens. You still have your movement. Over here? You can get... all the way over here. It's better than a Grogning. All right, that ends your turn. Top of the round, the braziers all (explosion noise) in the distance. No effect. Grog, your turn. Yeah, right there. You can climb it. We'll see how far you can get. You'll get partway into the first floor on your 50. Are you going to dash to try and do the rest? It won't get you all the way to the top, no. Okay, you'll get-- with your dash, into the third floor, almost to the hatch. So you're up in the third floor right now. Tary? You come to the hatch, and Grog rushes up into the third floor there. As you come down in the hatch. Your rod turns into a greatsword. Yes, you can. Hits. Roll damage. Grog, make a constitution-- Roll a constitution saving throw. DC 20. You do, after this. Retaliation is an immediate reaction. As your feat, you mean? Right, but this isn't him getting a free attack from you moving away. One of his barbarian abilities is if someone hits him with a melee attack, he can immediately attack. He goaded you right into doing what he wanted. Make your attack, Grog. Roll some cold damage. Make another constitution check with a DC 25, Grog. It's a 25. Taryon, how do you want to do this? The cold shatters you, and you feel the ribcage break like brittle glass on the inside of your chest from the blast backward. You fall to your knees, unable to move a muscle. You can feel the life barely beating through. Your body is heaving with each heartbeat pulse. He's prostrate before you, Taryon, as you approach. As you hit the ground, as the last of the cold damage has curled over your body and freezes you solid, you (shattering) shatter into thousands of small, frozen pieces. The last T2 reference of the night, yep. As Taryon Darrington stands victor of this round. As you stand there, breathing heavily, suddenly the stone top of the tower cracks open, like it's being pulled apart by giant, invisible hands. And there you see, descending from above, a gentleman in a large, dark cloak and a magnificent beard, and a glorious, well-kept mane of hair. He lands. "Let this blessing of "Colville carry you into any dimension." He touches your forehead and you feel the fates reach into you and plant you with a seed of possibility. And then with that, a flash is gone. You awaken in your bed. Cold sweat. The next morning after you went to sleep. You're not as powerful as you felt before. That was a crazy dream. But you look down and you see this slight glow of white light across your sternum from underneath your silk pajamas, and then it fades, and you feel like something from that dream is holding on. And that's where we're going to end our game tonight. (cheering) I'm curious. Where were you going to try and Plane Shift Grog? That was a great battle, guys. I'm glad you guys had fun. I was hoping it would be fun. That's what I wanted to make it feel like. Little bunker areas. Yeah. Here? You could have destroyed it. Hitting it would have done damage to it, but it would have prevented that from going off in that area. Yeah, each trunk had one healing potion. It was whoever got there first. One trunk left that nobody went to. Well done, guys. Oh man. Well, when this campaign arc's over and we have everybody available, hopefully, we'll probably have one final battle royale with everyone max level, with Vax, with Pike, and see who comes through on that one. And whatever gift boon I decide for that one, if it's similar or the same, will probably carry over to the next campaign for their first new characters. Should be fun. You had a 90% chance of just disappearing and drowning. Nobody tried. It's the balance to the necklace so you can't just imprison the main big bad guy of something and be like, "Oh, that's over because he rolled poor." It will help for a while, but if he stays in there for a long time and he's intelligent, he'll eventually find a way out. It's an imperfect prison. I'm going to hold onto those, if that's okay. I want to use those from now on. Oh, that was so much fun. Two clerics and an artificer are our reigning champions in the battles, guys. Then Pike. And then Pike pushed your face into lava. Oh, Percy. You had some bad rolls. You, more so than anybody in this party-- maybe Grog, but Grog had to still get there-- you, with an action surge and some good rolls, you can pretty much take down almost any member in one round. With good rolls. Well done, guys. Thank you guys for playing. Hope you guys enjoyed watching. We'll see you guys next week to pick up the next leg of the adventure, as we left off right as you were exiting the platinum mines with the swarm of ankhegs below you. We'll pick up from there next week. We'll have Jon Heder as a guest, which I got to coordinate with him to get his story stuff figured out. We'll talk. And the week after that will be our 100th episode. That's fucking crazy!