Hello, everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit and play Dungeons and Dragons across my camera. (all laugh) Thank you so much, Lootcrate. We have a glorious unboxing that is happening right now. Let's do it. It's like a Batman loot container? Wait, wait, wait. Oh, slick. You can put your secret keys in there. Hide it in your front yard so nobody can take it. I got Cyborg! Yay, we have two Cyborgs for the home. Thank you so much, Lootcrate! You're awesome, appreciate that. Sam, did you want to speak a little bit-- Fantastic. Thank you so much, Sam. And thank you, Lootcrate, for being our awesome sponsor. If the announcement sheet did go out today, I did not get it, so whoever put it together, if they could go find it real fast while I talk about-- I didn't get it in my e-mail. It's okay. I do want to give a heads-up, right now we have a giveaway happening from our pals over at Nerdist. Thanks to Qualcomm, Lion's Gate, and the new VR experience based on the upcoming Power Rangers movie, you can enter to win a paid trip to LA to attend the Power Rangers movie premiere, as well as Google Pixel phones and Daydream headsets. I don't know what Daydream headsets are, but I bet you I know what they do. They give you daydreams. From now through March 10, you can go to nerdist.com/powerrangersgiveaway to learn more and enter to win, and we kinda prefer to see Critters win anything that happens here-- Because then we can stack the deck against our own people. To show those Nerdist guys what we mean here at Geek and Sundry. That's awesome, thank you so much for the heads-up on that. Let's see. The other announcements... Oh, that's right! New episode of GM Tips went up today. This one is about how to design and write your own one-shot. It goes through the process of initial story design and how to prepare encounters and NPCs and be ready for a one-shot circumstance for a single-run arc. These tips can also be expanded upon to do multiple sessions or a full arc, or even a full campaign. But these are little bite-sized condensed tips, so I hope they're helpful and inspiring so people can learn a thing or two about running a one-shot or more. So check it out. Marisha, you-- That's actually pretty rad. You had an announcement, if I recall. Since the Triassic. It's like you were the harbinger of the end of the circle of life for Gamestop. You know what I'm talking about. There you go. Good, great! All righty. That being the case, let's go ahead-- Twins. -- and bring it in to tonight's episode of Critical Role. (opening credits) You then eventually found yourselves, the ship reaching the outside of the Anamn Mountains-- Anamn Islands. It's been a long week. Where the ship set anchor on the outside of the reefs that encircle the center of these three islands, where in the center of them lies a partially submerged city of Vesrah, the last stop on Keyleth's Aramente and the water ashari that live there. You, upon arriving just past sunset, watched the city come to life, and the Vesrah come out, and upon discovering that you were allies, or at least friendly, they took you in and gave you the idea of what you had to do to finish this Aramente. Your task, to come the following day, was to be led down into the Aerie of Torrent, where the elemental rift to the water elemental plane resides, under protection, and you were to retrieve three lodestones, magical stones that are occasionally farmed from the water elemental plane as they fade from power. These stones are utilized, apparently, in both keeping the rift contained and keeping the city of Vesrah aloft and up towards the air. However, in the process of them researching where these lodestones came from, it was discovered in the most recent years that they were byproducts of one of the krakens that lives in the water elemental plane, and-- There are a number of krakens. This one, however, was drawn back to the rift from one of the earlier expeditions of the Waveriders that were attempting to find them, and now has taken up its lair on the outskirts of this rift, so your task, as Vox Machina, is to enter the rift into the water elemental plane, find and bring back three of these lodestones, and do so without slaying the kraken, as it is an important part of the ecology and continued existence of the city of Vesrah. So. That's where we come up. So as it is evening, you've been fed, a largely fish- and marine-based meal, and you've had the opportunity to speak with some of the locals and prepare and discuss amongst yourselves exactly what you wish to do for this journey tomorrow. So. I mean, it's probably-- post-food and mild celebration of you guys making it here in the first place? They don't get too many intentional travelers. Most of the people that come here are either shipwrecked, saved by the Waveriders in the middle of storms, and some of them stay and end up joining the Vesrah. They have a number of reformed pirates. People that almost died at sea or drowned but were saved by them and eventually joined them. But I'd say it's about... maybe close to 10PM, the equivalent. You got here just after dusk. Uvenda is around, yeah. You can find her. As you approach her, she's finished her meal and is half-napping in this, almost a high chair, though it's built beautifully of what look to be petrified bleach-white shells and coral structures. This looks to be her seat at this open natural gazebo-like eating space. She's half-resting off to the side with her staff, leaning off a bit, and as you start approaching, one eye flies open and rolls in your direction, and she leans forward. "Young Keyleth. What do you require?" "My nap, yes, but you seem intent. What do you wish?" "From what we know, the kraken is a very hungry beast. It carries with it a swarm of long, "grasping tentacles. It moves unimpeded and destroys structures in its path. Seems "nigh-unstoppable, which is why maintaining the rift is so important. To unleash more of these "entities into our plane would be disastrous, not just for our city, but for the entirety of the "Ozmit. Do be aware that you will be encountering this beast deep, deep in the fathomless depths of "the water elemental plane, so be prepared best you can to swim." "Anything that crosses its path. You'll see, the sand below the vicinity of the rift is "partially soot, dirt, and sand, but a lot of it is sprinkled bone "of things that failed to make it through the rift." "It's not the brightest place, no." "We will show you these down in the Aerie tomorrow, but they're roughly--" and she gives a motion about that big in her hands. "About that large. But you can take time and research the ones "that are dwindling within the temple. That way, you'll know what to look for." "Mainly. However, they have a degree of control over the waters that surround them. Those "who have returned, the Waverunners who do these passes every few years, they speak of currents "swiftly changing, it leaving bursts of darkened ink-like material to obstruct the space. And they "speak of sudden surges of energy that rock through the nearby waters." "There are creatures, but those of flesh and bone usually find themselves in the belly of the "beast, and due to the nature of its presence, and the rift's energy, elementals do occasionally "wander half-crazed, directionless in that space as well. So be careful." "Our Waverunners. They travel usually in various forms of their mer-form." "Anything that can swim quickly, swiftly, search fast, and retrieve and return. "Whatever that is to you, that's your choice." With the Alter Self, you can give yourself gills and webbed hands, and you would gain a swim speed of your normal walking speed. Should that be your preference, sure. As she begins to talk about the-- "Anyway." "Just be warned..." "I would recommend taking some time in the water first. Learn how it reacts to you and you "react to it. Know that the limitations of not combating in air can be restrictive." "Tonight? We could escort you to one of the more deep areas in Vesrah if you'd like." All right. You guys are escorted over four or five structures past the main eating thoroughfare into an area that quickly descends. The beach drops down into about a ten, 15-foot depth. You can see this area is almost like a farming ground for bits of kelp and other sea plants that are just maintained for food. You guys just said you were doing it before-- Yeah, tomorrow is when you actually venture down to the Aerie. Okay. So how many targets can you do with that? Oh, don't worry. In older editions, there were arguments, because they didn't specify. All right, so between all of you, including Trinket, you guys are able to imbue, for the next 24 hours, Water Breathing onto the party. Ten willing creatures, perfect. Ah, Doty does not need it. Doty does not breathe. All right, so you guys, you feel this strange kind of sensation as the air seems to change in your lungs, but still function. It's a bit colder, and as you slowly submerge yourself in the water, you dip underneath, and the instinct is to hold your breath for as long as you can. It's that natural survival instinct, but the moment you give in and allow yourself to inhale you panic for a moment but then regulate, for a moment, and feel the water cycle through. It's cold. It chills the interior of your lungs a bit, but you can breathe fine. Speaking's still a bit of an issue. It's still a kind of a garbled-- there's no air passing past the vocal cords. Your visibility is as good as it would be underwater. It's murky. It's difficult to get a very clear view of anything beyond maybe a 20-foot span. Plus, this is nighttime. It's dark. You would have to ask, probably, for materials to do that. You don't have anything to craft goggles. Okay, you pull back and release the arrow, and it does fire, but it fires much slower and is impeded. It only gets about half as far, and even then with a dull thud. It functions, but essentially the-- and this goes for any ranged attacks, most ranged attacks I should say, and melee attacks are at disadvantage underwater. And ranged attacks don't go further than their first range increment. So if you look at your bow, and it says like, you know, 60 feet, 120 feet, you know, for first increment, second increment. It's disadvantage, and anything past that first increment is an automatic miss. It just stops in the water. Yeah. And that's as far as it'll go. Also, your movement speed is halved. Unless you have webbed fingers, or you know, use Alter Self The minute you submerge your gun, the powder is wet. Your firearms will not function underwater. I'm sorry, Percy. All right, so for the longbow, your first range increment is 150 feet, so you're okay. But anything beyond that, not functional. Correct. Yeah, you're going against resistance in the water. What's your crazy idea? No, you'd probably only get one shot each. 'Cause it would pierce the containment. The barrel would then fill with water. Yes? Let me check, actually. All right. What is your question? Yes? One hour. Yes. Yeah, you would have 40. They're just regular bolts. They're bolts, not arrows. You're welcome. You have no idea, but the stories say immense. Yes. Yeah, from what you've heard. Yeah, you'd then have normal speed through the water. For the record, with swimming, you're essentially flying, too, I mean, as far as in water. You can swim in an up and down direction as well. It's not gonna help you. If what? The target's gear melds into the new form. The target can't activate, wield, or otherwise benefit from any of its equipment. Yes. Right. All that you get in the form of the creature. If you become a creature that has an armor class of 11, you have an armor class of 11. Alter Self, you keep all your stuff and just gain the ability to swim underwater. Correct, but it's better than half your movement speed. Which is really not very fast. So your call. Yeah, it's pretty dark. From what you've heard and what they've talked about, the water elemental plane, most of it feels like you're a mile beneath the surface of the ocean. There is a little bit of light that comes through. You do have some visibility, though the source is difficult to really ascertain. Okay. Okay, Call Lightning, let me check real fast. Yes, okay. So, you begin to speak underwater. (burbling noises) Spell isn't coalescing. Do Chain Lightning out of the Spire? As you concentrate on the staff, the lightning arcs out of the staff and ends up searing and burning a small section of the floating kelp vines that are wandering up there. Clears a little area. Okay. You turn into a killer whale. You are-- it is about 15 feet deep, so you are occupying a large portion of the water nearby. It's really hard to swim in this vicinity, especially with the density of kelp in the center of this dip. Okay, roll for an attack. Okay. So, with your strength bonus-- -- you, (laughs), let's see. What's your strength bonus? Yeah, so you take, we'll say, nine points of bludgeoning damage as Grog just smacks you in the nose. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Gills, right. Unfortunately, because there's still water passing through your throat and vocal cords. If you get a full breath of air, you can get one spell off. And technically, with your breathing the water underneath, because you already had the gills in, it didn't work. You get a breath of air, and you cast the spell as the air leaves your lungs, but once you cast the spell, the air is gone. Water Breathing you can breathe the water, but when you still-- -- but you can't, yeah. It's still water passing through the vocal cords-- -- which doesn't have the vibration to make the same sound. You could muster that, yes. All right. You guys make your way out of the small kelp farming area, eventually back to complete your-- you're doing a Heroes' Feast? Okay, so mark-- That is totally doable. The finest of gluttonous sweets available in Tal'Dorei are summoned upon this fine mahogany table that thrusts itself out of the sand. Everyone in the vicinity steps back and kind of, "Ooh, ahh," at this display of unexpected magic. Other folks step forward to try and take a piece from it, before somebody else stops them with a hand, "It's not for you!" You guys spend the next hour eating your meal, and gain the benefits of your Heroes' Feast! (all cheer) Yeah, Marisha rolls for you guys-- All right. So, 11 extra hit points to all you guys. Including Trinket, who scarfs up happily at the table. Wisdom saves. You got it. The morning is what you were told. Going to bring you to the the Aerie of Torrent. So. As you guys are brought to your sleeping quarters, which are these semi-private huts elevated above the water, so they are actually about half a foot above the surface. You are each given a small chest, a soaked damp chest like the wood itself is just waterlogged through and through. As you open it, on the inside each of you receive what looks to be a leather band, with a circular stone affixed to the center of it. Okay. What do you do? There's a cluster of them at various-- It has almost like a rudimentary belt clasp on both sides. Okay, it warms as it touches the outside of the neck and it feels like there's a very loose-- almost a vibration to it. It does transfer your voice through the water. (laughs) You didn't go back to-- Yeah, it does. You guys can talk under water. There is still a limitation to the distance you travel 'cause sound is, you know. Actually, no sorry, the sound does travel further. Underwater. Conduit. However, you also look within the case and each of them has what looks to be spherical, somewhat see-through domes of some glass-like material. You are also affixed with goggles, and you remember, looking back, you saw some of the people who were part of the troupe here, especially the guardians on the outside of the city, had the same similar goggle sets hanging around their neck. Nobody asked-- but they were provided. These are standard given to the Waveriders, the guardians that look on the outskirts of Vesrah. (laughs) Just goggles. Yeah! (all laugh) Yes. (all laugh) You have a breastplate, right? Actually, it's heavy, but it's not super impeding you. It's heavy, but from a mechanical standpoint, it doesn't make it more difficult for you to swim. It's just more of a (heavy breathing). Yeah. It is shiny. Your armor is shiny. Okay. All right. Yeah, it's, I mean, it takes you a while to get through the whole robe and get it done, and it's functional more than visually appealing. But you get the job done. Sure! It's not too difficult. She's in the same seat, snoring loudly, while two of her guardians stand at the side with their thin, polearm-like blades just watching as you approach, and she's just like (snores). One of them takes his bladed trident and hits her just gently on the side with the butt of it. She goes (snorts awake). "Ugh, yes, young Keyleth, hm." She leans forward, putting on the presentation, but you can hear just that slight undertone of frustration. "What can I do for you?" "Keep talking, please. What do you want?" (all laugh) "Child. There was little left of her and her allies. We found other pieces of her friends, but, "pieces. Her leg was all we found. We could not recover much else, but the sea floor is littered "with the many corpses and pieces of the kraken's various prey. "It does not take much to ascertain the nature of her end." "What it does to anything that crosses its path. It eats to survive." "I'm sure there is. There are many potential possibilities for anything that happens. I only "have the information I was able to glean from the various scouts and teams." "This was four, five years back?" "A few days. Prepared for the journey much like you did. That was the last we saw of them." "I wish I had different news for you." Her head turns curiously. "I fear I did not." "We gave a quiet burial to what we were able to recover, but that's all." "Of course, and once again, I am sorry for your loss, Keyleth." "Yes. Yes, it is." "Yes, you should." "Yes." "Yes, you will. Goodbye." (snores) Just conks right out again. Anything else you guys wish to do for the evening? Mm-hm. Just like slow narration of Keyleth disembodied as they're both just flying over Vesrah at night. Perfect. That's perfect. All righty, so! Anyone else doing anything else? Okay. Okay. (disgruntled bear noises) (more disgruntled bear noises) It's various knots and seawater clusters-- It's just not fun. All right, so morning comes to, the sun rises, it's a warm day. But the waters are crystalline and beautiful as soon as you step out. And since you haven't been here during the daytime, you can see it's a paradise-like existence. The sands that fall beneath the waves are white, just bright bleached white, and the entire city seems like the middle of this distant, tropical paradise. The islands that do kind of flank in a triangular position, as the islands of Anamn, they are just lush and green and dense. You see no signs of civilization built across them. They are just unending canopies that swarm these masses of land that break past the ocean's surface in the distance, but here in Vesrah, the city cluster, it's beautiful. The water has almost a turquoise-type shimmer when you see the areas that are deeper. And you see, in various sections, where the sand drifts away, the sandbank vanishes into the reef, and there you can see just an array of colors that refract beneath the water's surface, as a gentle breeze kind of blows through in sections. It's beautiful. Okay. You guys eventually gather your way for a morning meal, and you can see in the distance now some of the Waverunners are doing perimeters. And you can see that they have large sails that are up on these triangular-like pointed boards that curve up into horn-like javelins in the front, and they are coasting on them. Basically surfing across the waves in the distance, doing runs around the perimeter of the reef. And they are wearing the same goggles and the same throat pieces you were given. This is part of the standard equipment that is given to the Waveriders as they check on the outside and the vicinity of Vesrah. It's a clear sky, not a cloud visible. Beautiful blue above you. What do you do to prepare? Okay. She's actually already waiting for you, as you guys-- she's been up, earlier than you were, and-- Nice, okay. Yes. No. The form reverts-- Becomes Trinket at full hit points, carrying over any damage that happens. And remember only Trinket's, or any of your natural form, maintains the bonus hit points from your Heroes' Feast. Your animal form does not. So, you just have the base hit points of whatever creature form you take, and once you go to zero and revert back to yourself, or just revert back to yourself, then you have your hit points plus the Heroes' Feast. If it was a shit-ton of damage, yeah. Asking around-- -- you approach Uvenda to ask this question. Even as you approach, they're looking out in the distance. She says, "Yes, that could be certainly mustered." And she snaps her little gnomish fingers. And one of the guards wanders off, comes back a few moments later and retrieves an extra pair of goggles, and the throat bead. And it's called a throat bead. So Alter Self is a what-level spell? You have three second-level spells you can cast. And two thirds. So you'd have to use one of your third-level spells to do that. Technically, you could do-- You are correct. You assume the form of a different creature for the duration. A creature different from herself. Of the beast variety. "Yes?" "No, unfortunately." "The magic is only localized." "We've recovered as many as we could from previous scouts that have fallen." "All right. Thank you." Okay. All right. About this time, as you've seen Uvenda's been looking out patiently, the water nearby at the very edge of one of the reef drop-offs splashes out, and you watch as a figure darts out and lands and shakes off, and what you see there looks to be a very, very dark-skinned, stocky dwarf, wearing the same goggles and throat bead there. "Sorry about the delay." He wanders up and pulls his goggles off and rustles his hair a bit. "Hello. So you're the ones traveling to the Aerie "today? Waverider Durent. Pleasure to meet you." And he reaches over and grabs-- as he takes your hand-- you put it out to extend it, he grasps it and gives a firm shake. You see he's got very, very short dirty-blonde hair-- And a beard that is just tattered and knotted from not being kept or combed through. Kind of, yeah. He's the Venice Beach dwarf, basically. Straight-up, actually, now that you point it out. "All right, I'm taking you down to the Aerie. You ready?" "Well, I'm just getting you to the door." "It's a figure of speech." "Oh, you look really excited." "You shouldn't be. Now, come on. See you've got your equipment." And takes his goggles and puts them back on. They're bulbous, they're just these giant domes that make you look fly-like. "Okay. Now. Follow suit." He looks over. "Thank you, Uvenda." "Of course. Take care of them." "That's not my job." And dives into the water. All right. So you guys follow suit, diving in, diving in, each one of you in the order you wish, eventually with Doty (splash) just sinking very heavily down after you. Do you prefer Doty not to? No, he can just walk across the bottom. Your call. Correct. What's your plan? Yes or no? Goes to jump, like-- A little seagull flies overhead. (all laugh) Another one. Just taking very, very good notes. Eat your heart out, Darwin. Doty's on the case. It's ridiculous. So you guys all eventually dive into the water, and as you do, you look down and there is essentially a 40-foot-wide gap in the beach here, just barely submerged beach, that coasts down and drops off directly down into this cylindrical section that is just open. And as you drift down, your goggles visible, you can see around you, dry, pale reef that slowly gives way to colorful, life-teeming reef. You see hundreds of fish of different sizes and colors, all darting in and out of the various gaps and openings in the side, you see vibrant plant life beginning to massively jut out from the side of this reef. Further down, you see eels twisting through, and bits of kelp and other long, underwater plant life tickle your body as you push past and drift, keeping track of where you're slowly sinking down, desperately trying to follow this dwarf that is no longer in view, he just dove straight down and is far more comfortable under the water than most of you. Eventually, the reef begins to cluster in tighter and tighter, and you start getting a little nervous as to if you're going to hit a bottom or hit a pinch point. And then suddenly it stops, the reef just ends, and you now are floating down into what appears to be endless dark ocean. And just below, you see just a faint bit of light, and you start noticing the dark color is because you're about to hit an extremely dense forest of underwater plant life. You watch as all of these long, thin tendrils of almost vines covered in elongated leaves begin to curl up around you, and you start pushing through, following this light, and as you get across to the edge, Keyleth, you're the closest ahead and you guys have just enough light to watch the bead of where Keyleth is. Keyleth, you can still see Durent and keep that pace. He leads you down over this bank of where the top of this underwater forest ends, and you see, attached to the reef above by a single pillar of stonework that seems to be built or carved out of the reef, emerges a spiraling tower that eventually ends on the floor of the ocean here. It's made of a yellowish-white sandstone-like color, there are pillars carved out of it, naturalistic, but also have almost a series of bevelled edges to them. Within the inside, there is a dull green glow that is pulsating, and as Durent makes his way down toward one of the many openings in the floors, you can see there is a very, very faint sparkling energy that seems to just drift up out of the center of this tower. As you make it further down towards the base, you now begin to see through some of the openings, the center of this tower is hollow. It is an exterior, like a very thin Colosseum-like structure that goes up for multiple floors, slowly pincering as it gets to the top, and it is just an open interior inside. As eventually you touch down onto the soft bottom of the ocean here and begin making your way, slowly swimming towards the interior, you can see a number of other similarly dressed Waveriders as well as armored guardians that stand, all with various trident or spear-like weapons. A number of them appear to be of varying races, human, half-elf, elf, it appears that Durent is the only dwarf you see in this vicinity, and a couple of them appear to be merfolk, like straight-up half-human, half-fish, tails, fins, gills, the whole circumstance. (laughs) You see two of them, one of which is male. No visible hair on him, actually, just the frill that goes down his head. The other is female. Long, deep, dark blue hair that drifts past, and as she shifts and looks in your direction, you watch it hold in place and slowly shift as the water currents push through. (laughs) As you're entranced by this, your attention slowly glides over to the very center, the base of this temple, where you can see there are these three large, smooth, gray-ish rocks that are embedded in the ground, about five feet wide, and in the center of these three rocks, you see what appears to be-- it's almost like an oval shape, about ten feet tall, about five feet wide, that is crackling blue energy. This opening, here. And you can watch as occasionally clouds of black, murky soot or sand, deep, deep ocean sand, push through. You can see, as you get closer and peer in, this is a doorway into the plane, this is the rift. Unlike the one that you saw at Pyrah, which seemed to flicker and have a barely contained energy when you've seen it at its torn-open stages, this appears to be fairly contained. It's demure, there's not a lot of movement, it's just stationary, and the guards that surround it in the center of this temple all look inward, keeping vigilant watch. As you follow Durent, making his way towards the doorway, you can see within each of these three large, half-buried stones, there is a smaller, deep emerald green, almost jade-looking stone that is about that large that is embedded in each of these. Durent points over to one of them, and you hear him, through the water, the throat bead carrying the sound of his voice through, "This is "what you're looking for. This is a lodestone. Take your time, as much as you need, to study it. Find "what you need. Let me know when you're ready to pass through." Yeah, you glance through, they're all the same color. Slight variations, and the shapes change a little bit, some are perfectly spherical, some are a little oblong, just whatever shape it eventually hardened into. Kind of, yeah. But like a dark, dark jade. Like Maori, New Zealand jade. No. Okay. As you put your hand towards it, you feel a very, very faint vibration, actually a very similar vibration to the throat bead. At this point, now? You notice, yes, they're made of the same material. You see that a lot of-- the lodestones' main purpose is here, but a lot of the inherent magic of them, or at least the enchantment properties of it, it's a pretty big part of the general life here at Vesrah. There is no change. But you do feel that faint hum and vibration of power of the lodestone that is embedded within. "Well, I mean, all over." "Who knows where they've been dropped. The ocean tends to swallow things up. "You might have to dig. Mostly we find them buried." "Let me show you." And he goes over and grabs one and (strains) and pulls it out. The doorway flickers ever so slightly. He's like, "It's fine for a moment." And hands it to you. You take it, and for its size, it is surprisingly dense. It has about twice the weight you were expecting, and your arms just (grunts) a little bit. Also, as you're holding it, you notice the clasp on your cloak is being pulled towards it. As you pull it away, and pull towards it, you realize these are actually fairly magnetic. Yes. As you're having this conversation, you watch as Durent's patiently there. "No, but I need the stone." Puts it back inside. "Okay, we're good." You do. Profoundly magical, this is a very, very strong natural magic source. Make an intelligence check. Interestingly enough, there are similarities. It is not the same material, but you've had enough time to study whitestone, and get a feel that there are-- this is your first inclination that there are more than one substance that seems to be related to the nature of magic. This is-- at least based on the ecology and what little bit of history you've picked up from the kraken and how long it's been around-- whitestone may be one of the more recent sources of this type of power, or variation on this type of power. But there are certain comparable facets of its ability, yeah. No, that's fine. I'd say you have them on you. You're Percy. It's fine. They're very simple magnets. You notice that you don't-- any sort of pull you feel on the magnet doesn't seem to hit until you're within about a foot or so of the stone. Okay, you pull out your compass? As you pull it out, you watch, as you stand there, it's confused, it's darting around and doing circles. As you begin to step in one direction towards one of the stones, it rights itself in its direction. (shattering sound) Yeah, it seems to be a functional compass. All right. Locate Object, by the way-- Yes. It does, yes. Okay. So. You guys ready? All right-- Durent looks at your faces as you're all staring and goes, "Okay. So. About time?" "Oh yeah, I've seen it." "Oh, it's fucking terrible." "You know this, this size? It's a lot bigger." "Oh, yeah." "Hundred." "It's hard, it's spatial awareness. Look, I'm not a science man like these two, but it's big." "Thank you. Yours isn't too bad yourself, boy!" He tousles it up. "I'd say it's pretty fast, aye." "I've seen him through the door. Oh, I don't go in there!" "No, I just watch the doorway. That's my job" "I have not yet seen the kraken drop its lodes, no." "If it goes bad, come back." "Just get back." "You'll fail, but you'll get back." As you guys, one by one, plunge through the rift in the Aerie of Torrent, into the water elemental plane. And that's where we'll take a break. We'll be back here in just a few moments guys. Real fast, we do have a giveaway from our friends at Wyrmwood. We have a Hero Vault made of very aromatic cedar. That actually smells of the most glorious hamster cage ever, it's awesome. Aww, I love that smell. It reminds me of when I had my first pet. So, this will be going out to somebody. Just to clarify, if you want to be part of this, you need to come into the Twitch chat. So, come into the Twitch chat. Our code word tonight is, guess what, 'kraken.' So, as soon as that opens up in the chat, make sure you write kraken in the chat to be entered into the contest, and we'll come back with a winner of this awesome Hero Vault in just a bit. [break] Yeah, it was quick, imagine that. They will shortly. So, as you guys emerge-- (all gasp) So, this here is the exterior portal, into the floor. You step out at about two feet below the doorway, your feet (two dull thuds) slowly hit the soft, cushy bottom of the water elemental plane. You see about you a number of thick clusters of various underwater plant life, rising up and slowly shifting with the waves and the water. You also see throughout the dark sand in the vicinity hundreds of bones and various other chunks of flesh, in various long states of decay. It is dark down here, you maybe have about 20 to 30 feet of visual range right here unaided. Our two humans friends over there have almost no sight beyond a five, ten-foot distance here. Usually, from just the glow of your armor, your helm itself has this radiant glow about it. Okay, you're-- you're divining for what? Okay, as you carefully close your eyes and focus, you lend your essence out to the Raven Queen even across the planes to guide your vision to anything of undeath, or fiendish in nature. And nothing. I don't know, do you know how to sense krakens? Looking at your various choices. Okay, as-- As you focus your attention, utilizing-- and mark off your ability there. You sense nothing. You said elementals are on there? Which one are you choosing? Okay, you sit down and focus and dozens of nearby signatures hit you, you're not quite sure what direction they come from, but you know that this area is teeming with elemental energy, it has drawn many elemental powers nearby. (bubbling noise) They do. You do. I mean, your vision in the vicinity is dark, and you feel like you're at the bottom of a very, very deep abyssal ocean. Looking up, you see a faint turquoise glow in the upward direction but it seems sourceless, almost as opposed to straight up, it almost encompasses a full dome, and you see no sign of a break in the water-- -- and the various strands of plant life extend far into the darkness and strange kind of fuzzy distance where they fade out. Nope, this is her particular spell to cast. Okay. Your feet hit and pull apart, and as soon as you do, you get about four inches of the soft sand before you start hitting black dirt. That immediately starts to cloud and obscure your vicinity, so you carefully stop for a second. Okay, so you go ahead and you activate, so mark off another one of your opals. As you activate it as soon as you close the device, and you feel it contained within. All right, you cast Locate Object, Laura? All right, so as Vex, you focus, concentrating on the lodestone that you saw before. Let's see, you feel the direction pull you this way. You don't know how far away, but the distance pulls you in that direction. Okay. So, I need all of you to roll-- is Trinket still in your necklace? That's not an answer. Yes, this is true. Yes. Trinket does not have goggles. And cannot talk or cast spells underwater. I know. I know. As soon as Trinket (splash) (confused bear noises) Pass Without A Trace-- this is before or after Pass Without A Trace? Oh. That's right, yeah. That's right. (confused bear noises) "It's very wet." "What's going on?" (all laugh) (distressed bear noises) (bear noises) He kinda lands in the sand. Looks around, very nervously. Looks at one of the nearby kinda floating pieces of weird errant plant matter and-- (all laugh) "I'm okay." "What is a whale?" (all laugh) "Okay." "I trust you." "Love you." "Okay." The slowest. You see him start like, just bear-paddling a little, under the water just like-- "Mm-hm. Okay." Now are you casting-- Oh, no. You're casting Pass Without a Trace, I want everyone to make stealth checks. Stealth checks. All of you guys including Trinket, please. 25, right. Rogues! It's his dex, yeah. All right. What'd you roll for Trinket? Nice! All right. You guys (water sound effects) start very quietly as you can begin walking across the bottom of the floor-- TALIESIN, -- barely, your toes barely touching the surface of the bottom. Making your way in this direction. You guys slowly begin to shift this way. Following this path. Now you're maintaining Locate Object, you said? Now you cast-- Is Speak With Animals a-- It is! Concentration up to ten minutes. Locate Object is ten minutes. Oh, Speak With Animals is not, sorry. Sorry. Then you're fine. Looking in your vicinity, you see clusters of ruins, you see broken pieces of very, very old stonework. And looking at them, they are scattered throughout the vicinity. Singular chunks of structures. Let's see. Percival, go ahead and make an intelligence check. Okay. Looking to the left of you as you pass by this one structure, you can see the chunk of wall that's visible, it is thick enough and tall enough where it looks like it's a sliver of the base of a larger structure that was designed for far larger creatures. The sense of the erosion and the relatively smooth edges of the various broken parts to it tell you that it's been there for a very long time. Giants or larger. It's hard to really tell. This is not a human-sized-- They appear to have crumbled. The structure in which they're placed has intentional placement within here. It looks like they're eroding as expected for something that's been there for a very long time. No, no. They're almost extremely smooth. Just been there for so long and hit with various blasts of water current, sand, dust, and other things for such a long period of time that it's smoothed the entirety of the wall structure. All right, you maintain the Locate Object? As you guys push forward, eventually it leads you this way, until you begin to feel the direction change this path, there. So you lead the path over this way, and it leads you to the edge of this wall. Make a perception check. Glancing about the vicinity, looking over it all, you look at the wall, it's smooth, there's no indentation, there's no sign of a stone. Looking at the sand on the ground at the base of it, no sign of a stone. Make an investigation check. Yeah, you begin to pull apart some of the sand, and the black murkiness begins to come up underneath, and you don't see anything. Perception check. The compass is currently focused on the same direction that you're moving, towards the wall. Okay. Nice. You glance this way, as you're looking overhead, you can see a dark, very large dark shape right about here, looks to be the shelf of some sort of an underwater stone cliff or a mountain of some kind that leads up here like a bank. At the very top, you see very faint movement. Looks like individual, long tendrils of some kind, just barely visible at the outside of your dark vision. Okay. So you cast Detect Magic. You currently, in front of you, don't see any sort of magical source. Nothing seems to glow or emanate at the wall or near the base of the wall. Right. Let me double-check something here for you. Okay, you faint-- You still feel the direction of the magic where you're looking, but you don't see anything on or around the base of the wall. Do you move around? As you and Percy find yourself at the other side of the wall, there. The direction of the Locate Object leads you adjacent and just beyond the wall on the other side of where you guys were looking. You do not see anything. Okay, both of you guys make investigation checks, please. You're both digging through and pulling at the sand, and dig further and it causes the black--- Focusing, you do feel a very, very faint magical essence from the sand about two feet to the left of where they're currently sifting through the sand. Start pulling through, you get past the sand, you get to some of the black murkiness and you're careful and start digging before (clunk) you feel one of your fingers hit a hard surface and you begin to pull underneath. You pull and begin clearing the space around it, and it takes you a minute or so with the help of both Taryon and Percival, but you dig enough of this sand and soot from underneath to get around and you have there, currently in your presence, one of your lodestones. Over the wall, meet the rest of your allies. It fits inside, vanishes, you feel this slight vibration in your fingers as you take the stone and slowly relinquish it to the bag of holding's entry port. It vanishes within. You do, you get a sense of something in this direction. Like a line pointing this way. All right, I need Percival-- Tary, Vex, and Grog, who are moving currently, to make stealth checks. All right. Are you guys staying ground-level? Are you curving over? Are you going around? Right. So, you guys make your way around, heading this direction, following Vex. As you continue to curl forward, Vex, bringing your way forward, Trinket's kind of getting nervous of the distance. Okay, so you slowly meander up to the side and help keep Trinket quiet for the time being. Oh, god. You guys follow behind and-- Go ahead and make a perception check. You're not looking. You're staying back with Vax. 21. Okay, yeah. You come to this heavy, heavy piece of thick, natural wall-like stone that is heavily embedded in the ground. This is not like the previous ones that looked like it was carved, this is just a natural formation of stone that is jutting out of the sand, and it's a thick ten, 15-foot-wide embankment, maybe five feet thick and about six feet above. As you approach and get to it, you don't see anything that would mark it as different other than a series of-- you start looking down as you're inspecting and you see a series of skulls, some humanoid, some larger, some like almost elongated fish or crocodile-like jaws. Some of them are older, some of them are fresher, some of them still have like, bits of little thin tendrils of flesh-- (all groan) It's goggles-- And just this little stone right over the larynx (vomit sound, laughs) And this cloud of green, yellow, and brown just kind of emanates from the front of Taryon's face. Investigation check. Who else is helping? Yep, you're looking on the compass. Grog's lookout, I just need Vex and Percy. 18. 13. You guys sift through the sand in this vicinity, poring around, trying to kind of dig across the exterior of the stone to pull away. You spend a good two to three minutes or so searching the vicinity and you don't find a stone. It points in the direction you-- Okay. Okay, so you start making your way this way. Okay. I need you to make a stealth check. You as well. Roll for Trinket. Good. Holy shit! MARISHA and All right, you guys make your way between areas as Trinket comes behind you-- Don't want him to stray too far in this circumstance. You sense the magical presence of it in the direction that you've been facing, but it seems further past. What? Yeah, you can maintain the-- okay. So you go with them? Okay. Grog, you staying put or you going with them? Okay. You all three searching, then? Investigation check, investigation check, investigation check. Nine, and? You got a natural one? Okay. As you're digging through, your fingers, Taryon-- Hits something hard. As you pull up what you think is the stone, you look, and instead it's a humanoid head that is mostly skeletal bone with strips of flesh hanging off of it with one eye that is a pale swollen pink-white color. Yeah, you just start like (gags) you instinctively step back, start yelling about the point there. Just for the sake of this, make a stealth check. Holy shit. Okay. Keyleth, as you're carefully looking up in the shadows, you watch as this giant dark mound just diminishes and vanishes. As you guys hear this, you glance about the vicinity and watch as suddenly a series of large tentacles (whump whump) around this large outcropping of what looks like stone or wood jutting out of the base of the floor. You rolled a-- 19? You just barely hit the exterior of it when this happens. You're like, oh, I found it, you look over, see Taryon yell, and then watch this creature suddenly swift down and begin to crawl over the top. I need all of you to make initiative checks. All right. So. 25 to 20. 24. 22, nice. All right, 15? 13. As you watch this entity suddenly emerge from the top, there-- Enjoy it. So. Top of the round. Vax, you're up. You hear this noise through, and Keyleth giving the warning. As you glance over and see the top of this structure, the dark shadow of the kraken pull its way over the top. You see this gleaming yellow eye on the one side that's near you, and what looks to be three, five, seven or more tentacles begin to curl over and pull it over the top, making its way towards your friends. What are you doing? Okay, what's the distance on that? 30 feet? Yeah, Grog is just in range. It is a concentration spell. Okay. So that's your-- you used the Haste, you have your action. What are you gonna do for your movement? Over here? Your speed is 60 right now, so you can move 30 feet hasted underwater, swimming. Yeah. Yeah, you can do that. Roll a stealth check. Okay, cool. Yeah. All right, so. That brings us to Keyleth. From Vex? You're not sure. You'd probably be somewhere in the neighborhood of 35, 40 feet. You've used Alter Self on yourself? You've altered yourself, right, to swim fine? I know. So how many feet do you want to move? She's just on the other side of the rock, and as you say that, you look up, and notice the creature, and you see Vex's head just barely poke over this stone barrier. Okay. So you're holding your casting action until you see her arrow go. Because he does not have an earpiece. But you do hear it, because you're underwater, and because of the-- You do hear it. It's a little garbled, but you pick up the essence of what she's saying. All right, Keyleth, you're holding your action. Okay, as the kraken pulls its way over, you watch as its yellow eye all of a sudden glows blue. And you watch as the edge of its tentacles begin to (charging noise) give off this luminescent blue glow. And suddenly this (electricity noise) burst of electrical energy shoots forth from it and completely encompasses the surrounding-- all creatures within 120 feet have to make a constitution saving throw. All of you. No. This is a lair action for the kraken. It's made this its lair for the past-- for a number of years. All right, so- Okay, so you take eight points of lightning damage. Percy. 23, eight points of lightning damage. Keyleth. You take 19 points of lightning damage. 19 halved to eight points of lightning damage-- oh wait, actually-- Oh, no you didn't make it. No, I'm sorry it was-- Right-- I apologize, it was nine, nine, and 18 damage. So nine, nine, 18, 18. 18 points of lightning damage. Trinket? 18 points of lightning damage. Grog. You take eight points of lightning damage. Or nine-- sorry, nine. Nine. All righty. Vex, you're up. As you kinda reel from the sudden electrical shock that pulses out in the vicinity, what are you doing? Yes, it's to cast the spell on yourself. And you see it just slowly arc-- Okay, let me see here, Daylight. Is this Light or Daylight? 'Cause Daylight you just choose a sphere for it to happen. You don't need to. Sure. Sure. Okay, we'll go with that. Oh, it happened, it happened. So as you hit that-- You're not working out. I don't know, man, kraken just showed up. That sounds like a workout to me. Well, on that note. Okay, so you focus as she draws the arrow and pulls with intent in the back of the bow. As you do, you focus and you watch as, Vex, you aim and then close your eyes as you see this spark of energy curl off the front of the arrow. You see bright, nature-based daylight burst out of the arrow as you release it. Go ahead and make an attack against the kraken with disadvantage, please. No, you were right, if you choose a point with an object you're holding, and one that isn't being worn, the light shines from the object. You were correct. 26, that hits! Go ahead and roll damage. All right, so 13. Right, so the arrow sinks into the underside of the kraken's dark form. You're just barely making out bits of its shape. As the light hits, you can see now, close to it looks like ten various tentacles curling and finding its way over the top of this structure. It slams into the side, and daylight brightly sprays out from under it. By the way, because daylight-- no, it lasts for an hour. So you watch as this light is now billowing from underneath the creature. You can watch as its pupil adjusts to the light. It does not appear to be blinded or have any issue with the daylight, however, it is now a beacon, and the arrow now partially jammed into its side, you have a very clear idea and a bright view of the battlefield around it as this kraken is now emitting light in its vicinity. So that's your first attack. No, you've already attacked once, that was part of the attack action. Yep. It's not about aim, it's about the actual-- the water resistance. Go for it. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage. Okay. You watch as the spark of energy from the arrow hits it the second time, the daylight obstructing your view, and the energy bursts around it. The lightning damage you're used to seeing from any creature it impacts, the lightning seems to just hit its blubbery hide and vanish. That's as far as you can get. Because you don't have your Alter Self form yet. You're like (swimming noises). You're slowly swimming through this water, sluggishly. As far as you get Trinket, you want to give Trinket any sort of movement on this? Right here? Yeah, Trinket moves up and guards himself behind the side. All right. Percival. By the way, Vax, did you make-- What do you want to do for your bonus action? You can. Okay. Okay. You go ahead and spend your entire turn pulling the lodestone out, and you're now holding it in your hands. Okay. So that's your action. Do you want to move at all? Okay, so you move over and you're able to go ahead and put it. Five, ten. You're not able really to get any cover, unfortunately, because the water's like (swimming noises), you're swimming through after putting it inside there, and you move along, you used your action to pull it up, kinda put it inside there. As the rest of the turn you just swim past, that's as far as you can get. All right. That ends your turn. All right. Now it's the kraken's turn. Let's see. Swim speed of 60 feet. It coasts around, this direction. We'll say it gets over in this side here, perspective-wise. Vex, what'd you roll for your stealth again? It was-- For your hide, because you're gonna hide for your bonus action, so go ahead and make your hide check. Stealth check. Okay. By the way, Vax, I meant to ask go ahead and make a concentration check. So it's a constitution saving throw. 15. Okay, you maintain concentration on the-- -- Bless to you guys, so you still have that. All righty. So, the kraken is now-- Its tentacles begin to whip outward. It's going to make one strike against Vex-- -- one strike against Tary, and one strike against Grog! 'Cause why not? Wait. That's right, you're hidden, so it does not. It's Tary, Percival, and Grog. That is a total of 32 against Tary. Percy, that is 23? And Grog, that is 23 again. All right. Taryon, you take 16 bludgeoning damage. Percival, you take 20 bludgeoning damage. Grog, you take 19 bludgeoning damage. And all three of you are grappled. The tentacle wraps around you and holds you in place. Your movement is zero currently until you try and break free. All right. That ends the kraken's turn as it goes ahead and grapples three of your allies in the process. Grog, it's your turn. Yes, it is. Okay, that's your bonus action. Yes, you can. So, you shift into your larger form. You are still grappled by the creature, but you are larger. To slam your gauntlets together, that wasn't-- Does it specify an action on the ability? Look at the item. So you cannot break free currently this turn. That is your action to transform. You're still grappled. Yeah. Okay. Tary! You're up. Yes. You're currently grappled, you can't move. You can. I mean, you can't move, like your movement is zero. You can do things. You can still cast. Any attacks are at disadvantage because you are currently restrained within the grapple. Attack rolls. Spells are still unaffected but-- You have some spell scrolls, you have patches on your robe, and you have your helmet. That's not part of your helmet, so that would probably be one of your patches. Okay. Okay. So you rip off one of the patches and you go ahead, and you're using Hypnotic Pattern? That weaves through the air inside a 30-foot cube within range. So you create a hypnotic pattern around the exterior-- -- of the face of the kraken where the eyes are. So as you tear the patch off, you release it in the water and you watch the patch slowly drift up and for a second you're like, "Nothing happened!" And there's a spark out of your hand (pff) and you watch as suddenly there's an array of colors and various flashes in the face, in the area around the kraken's face. Wisdom saving throw. What's your DC? On the item? This is the Robe of Useful Items, correct? The spell scroll-- oh yes, it is one of the scrolls. So yeah, I'll say I'll just use your DC. Yeah. 17. Wisdom save on that. That is a 21. So yes, it saves. Unfortunately. So as the spark hits, the slight flash vanishes and you watch as the lids are still closed tight and they open with this horrible sickening sliding sound and the glowing yellow eyes still seem trained on various allies of yours in the vicinity. Two eyes. All right. Is that your turn, Taryon? All right, top of the round. Well, you've already used your action to try and use the patch. The patch is a bonus action? Then you can do that, yeah. Okay. Sanctuary on yourself. All right, Vax, you're up. You glance just barely over the side and you can see it's already wrapped up Grog, Taryon, and Percy with its tentacles. That'd be Grog. (counts) That's as far as you can go. Okay, to dash? That'll give you just the time to swim right next to him. Okay. So are you attempting to-- Un-grapple him? All right. I need you to go ahead and make a-- because this is not you in the grapple, this is him-- This is an athletics check. Acrobatics is to escape from it. To help somebody else you're having to actually physically force it off. Nope. You try and grab, you're hacking at the side, but as you're hacking with the blade, you're watching as it's not quite beating past the hide of the tentacle around it. Okay. Keyleth, you're up. A lot of them are, yeah. Three of them. Okay. Okay. All right. The third lodestone is in the direction and just past-- it's this way, at least. So you're here. You're here. MARISHA and It's going this way. Correct. Okay. You get there, and you're still feeling it in this direction. Okay. Unfortunately, no. Investigation is one of those things where you spend your action moving through and searching in the vicinity. Other than your bonus action, that's about as much as you can get. You just feel it's in this direction from you. The kraken's about 20 feet above you. Party members, you have Percival, Taryon, and Vax. I'm sorry, that's Vex over there. Okay. From-- Where does the Grasping Vine start from? This stone? Right there? Okay so a vine curls up, whips towards-- Taryon. Wraps around-- For this, I'm going to say this is an opposed check of the vine versus the kraken's strength. I need you to go ahead and roll and add your wisdom modifier. No, your wisdom modifier. Just your wisdom modifier. 26. It tugs and tugs, but it's not strong enough to break free. The vine is now pulling back and forth between the tentacle and Taryon's like, argh! Being pulled from both sides. Unfortunately. It's a very strong creature. Okay, ending Keyleth's turn we come to the top of the round, I need everyone to go ahead and make a constitution saving throw as once again-- Once again, the kraken, its eyes light up blue and its tentacles release another burst of electrical energy in the vicinity. #blessed Yes. 19 points of lightning damage. 19 points of lightning damage. Ooh, 19 points of lightning damage. 19 reduced to nine points of lightning damage. 19 points. All right so you take 5 points of lightning damage. Trinket? Okay, so that is 19 points of lightning damage. At the end of that turn, the kraken is going to go ahead and use-- let's see-- get in range here-- going to go ahead and use one of its legendary actions to do a tentacle attack against Keyleth. That is 29. Keyleth, you take 21 points of bludgeoning damage. I will say I will use these red markers here as people that are currently grappled. Because you are now grappled and restrained, Keyleth. Oh, Percival, because of your Hex, I need you to go ahead and make a constitution saving throw. Okay, you're fine. That brings us to Vex. Vex, what are you doing? You're hiding behind the rock. You watch as four of your allies are now grappled by this creature. All right, so you cast Alter Self on you as an action? All right, so you grab the coin that Taryon gave you. You focus on it-- And your gills suddenly pull from the side, and all your fingers get webbed suddenly, and you begin to be able to move at your full-- This rock here? Okay so that's (counts)-- Your full movement. Okay. You still have your action, by the way. That was your movement to get the-- oh, no no no-- Sorry, sorry, action was spell, movement, you're right, bonus action. Okay, make a stealth check. Okay. So you're keeping low. At the end of your turn, it's going to use its other two legendary actions to do Lightning-- Yep. Sorry. That's okay. It uses Lightning Storm with its two other actions and begins to charge up now, and as most of you are in the vicinity you watch as the front of its mouth-- you now see between the darkness of the daylight that is glowing beneath it, the light begins to surge electrical energy. You see this strange beaked, sharp mouth that opens and as it does, bolts of thick lightning energy shock out from it. That's going to be hitting Grog, Vax, and Percival. So I need you guys to make dexterity saving throws please. 23, you take 11 points of lightning damage. You take no points of lightning damage because of your Evade. And? Right, so you take-- -- 11 points of lightning damage. All right, that brings us to Percival's turn. You are still grappled and held in the creature's grasp. Acrobatics or athletics, your choice. All right. No. 16? You try and slide through, but it's holding too fast. You can't escape, unfortunately. So that's your action. Okay. That's your turn? All right. It is now the kraken's turn. The kraken is going to shift over here. Still holding you guys in this vicinity, pushes past the area, kind of reaching the ground area. We're going to say push you up to there. It's going to go ahead and make a bite attack against you, Grog, you're the largest meat in this circumstance. That is going to be a 27 to hit. All right. So you take 27 points of piercing damage. Because you are raging it is halved, to we'll say 14 points of damage. However. As it pulls towards you, its tentacles pull up, and that giant piercing beak just (gulp noise) swallows you. You suddenly-- everything goes dark, and you feel yourself being pulled into the dark interior of the kraken, the burning numbness of the acid of its interior beginning to burn away at the outside of your flesh. You are restrained, you are inside, you are blind. You watch Grog, even in his large form, just disappear inside the kraken's maw. That's going to bring us to Grog's turn! Yes you are. Very faintly you hear (heartbeat sounds). It's like a triple heartbeat. Yes. Because you're inside, being crushed by its interior muscles that are pulling you towards its digestive tract. You can, it's at disadvantage. Okay, go for it. Now it's a regular attack, just one roll. 30 hits. 23, okay. All right. Attacking again? Same thing? One roll. 26 hits. Roll damage. 22. All right. Just regular rage right now, right? Okay. Let me check one thing real fast, as far as the frenzied rage goes. All right, so we'll leave that as the turn. So you go into a frenzied rage as your bonus. Okay, that ends your turn, Grog. Tary. Still grappled and restrained, yes. As a note, too, those-- I forgot earlier. Any of you that are grappled or restrained by the creature have disadvantage on your dexterity saving throws. I forgot about it earlier. It's fine going forward. Keep that in mind. Mm-hm. I just remembered from the rules, here. I'm sure chat room was on that. Okay! Hah, take you to the goth club. All righty. It is, you still have to roll an attack to hit it-- But it's a melee spell attack, I'm pretty sure. So Vampiric Touch. All right, so you use your action to cast it on yourself and then make a melee spell attack against the creature, so go ahead and roll a d20. With disadvantage because you are restrained. You can. Yes. 20 hits! Yeah! All righty, so that's 3d6 necrotic damage 14, so you do 14 points of necrotic damage to the kraken, and you regain seven hit points. As you draw its life force away, grabbing onto the tendrils of its tentacles like, "Argh!' You watch as the necrotic energy pulses into it and pulls the life force into you All righty. All right. All righty. Sanctuary is concentration? True. However, if Sanctuary is a concentration, 'cause Vampiric Touch is also a concentration. I'm saying, if Sanctuary is a concentration spell-- Yeah, you could do it every turn, if you wanted. If you wanted to. The Sanctuary is not concentration. It lasts for a minute. So your Sanctuary's still on, you don't have to cast it again-- Oh no, you did attack. So you cast it again. But yeah, so you can have both on. There we go. There we go, we figured that out. All righty. Top of the round. Vax, you're up. (counting) She is. Okay. Yeah, I'd say cutting at the tentacle-- I mean, both are pretty rough for you because you don't do a lot of damage with the dagger. I'll say for the sake of going forward in this, go ahead and make an attack roll. Yeah, you can. Yeah. 31 hits, go ahead and roll damage. Not Sneak Attack. Yeah. The actual body, the sensitive part of the body is away. 15 points of damage? All right, you just rush to the side of her and begin hacking away at the tentacle. You watch as you're carving into it and it begins to break away. It doesn't fully-- Okay, go for it. That hits. Okay, it succeeds. What does it say on the item? Yeah, so it's just-- Nothing. Ten points of damage. Okay, it doesn't quite carve away entirely. It's close, you can see it's taking damage and the tentacle's starting to pull away-- But it's still holding her fast. You're still grappled. That's the end of your turn? Okay. End of your turn, it's going to make a Bash action. Since Taryon and Percival are right next to each other, it takes the two tentacles, pulls them back, Whack! And slams them into each other. Both of you guys take 11 points of bludgeoning damage And are pushed adjacent to each other, which you already are. So, that's that. All right. Keyleth, you're up. You are, yes. Yeah, there's a 30-foot reach on each of these tentacles, so you're still just on the outskirts of its reach. It's damaged, it's hurt, it would be easier to break free, but it would take your action to do so. Okay, so you point this way. Actually, you are part of the Bash, so that is an 18, plus 12. So yeah, 30. Yeah, sorry. Yes, you do. What'd you roll? TALIESIN and Yeah, Hex is gone, sorry buddy You are. Taryon, Percival-- Yes. Okay. This way? You push yourself-- This way. How many feet of movement? Okay, so you and Vax both? Okay, keeping Vax away. Okay. Okay, so I want you to roll a d20 and add your wisdom modifier. Yes. No. It's your wisdom modifier. It's a wisdom check, not a wisdom saving throw. LAURA and The strength of your control water does actually-- -- is stronger than the kraken's current ability to hold itself in place, so yes-- The kraken gets pushed this way about 20 feet. You guys get dragged around by 20 feet. And you get dragged along with it 20 feet. Yeah, it pulls you-- Not Vex and Vax. Just you. You forced the kraken this way. So yes. Maintaining concentration, your Locate Object fails, but you're still controlling, and you push the kraken, and the rest of the allies that are grappled, along with it. Okay. That finishes Keyleth's turn. We're at the top of this here. So, let's see. As the water begins to force the kraken this way, with it being pulled and dragged across part of the rock nearby, and seeing everyone pushed in that direction, it turns and tilts sideways, and as it does, it pulses with muscles, and releases this giant cloud of ink-- -- that swallows this vicinity 60 feet in the area. The entire surrounding vicinity of the battlefield, all of a sudden, is now heavily obscured by black ink. It doesn't-- it encompasses the area and blocks out the daylight. Kind of, yeah. Like the ancient in Neverending Story. Basically, yeah. Vex, it's your turn. That's one movement there. Yeah. You just move out of range of the kraken, but it does not see you because of your hide check earlier, so it does not get an attack of opportunity. All right. We'll say Trinket's right there. Okay. There is Trinket, currently grappling onto him. Okay, so make your claw attack against him. Yeah. I mean, all attacks are at disadvantage underwater. Okay. 25? That does hit. Go ahead and roll damage for cr-- for Trinket. I was thinking "Crinket". Different creature. That was with disadvantage, right? LAURA and Nice. 13 points of slashing damage, as Trinket just rakes into the side of the kraken, cutting four distinct lines through the side of its armored crustacean exterior. No, no, there are parts of-- the underside is, but a lot of it has this crustacean-like armor on the outside. All right. Correct. Grasping Vine is a bonus action spell. Yeah, but she already used her bonus action to let Trinket attack. I don't know, what's a fey creature that swims underwater? You realize this doesn't help you... To what CR, does the spell say? Great. Let me pick one out for you. A fey creature... There are a lot of fey creatures in the Monster Manual, Wizards of the Coast. Just want to point that out. Okay, so you're conjuring a fey creature of challenge rating-- Two. One creature. Of two or lower. Okay. So. I fucking hate Summoning spells so much, they are the bane of my existence. Oh, it's okay. Because they're not in the beast section. It's fine, it's cool. I remember all this. It's gonna be great. Fey creature. You know what? I'll let you. Sure. Oh, I see. You are right. All right. Where do you want it to appear? All right, we'll say it's right there. You get a shark now at the kraken. All righty. I'm glad we worked this out. All right. Go ahead and make your attack on it. Bite attack. Plus six, with advantage. It has advantage, because it's been damaged. Plus six. It bites-- a battle of futility against the armored exterior of the kraken. All right. End of your turn. It's gonna go ahead and use another one of its points to do a-- let's see. Yeah, it's gonna go ahead and make a tentacle attack against Trinket, who's biting at it currently. That is a 23 to hit. All right. Trinket takes-- 20 points of bludgeoning damage. Because of his armor. And Trinket is grappled, currently. All right, as that's the end of your turn, Percival, what are you doing? Okay. What are you using to attack? All right. So attack with disadvantage. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage. It is not a dragon. Okay. All right. Go for it. With disadvantage. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage. All righty. Third attack with your sword, with disadvantage. 28 hits. Roll damage. 15. With that, you manage to finally-- -- cut through the tentacle. It tears open, you can see the dark purple blood beginning to cloud around the area, as you feel yourself freed from the tentacle's grasp. That's your action. This way? So you're heading this way? This way? Okay, you can move five, ten-- Here? All right. Okay. Well, it's a bonus action for rogues to hide. I'm pretty sure Minor Illusion is an action. Sorry. Welcome to fighting a kraken, buddy. Okay, go for it. Okay, there you go. At the end of your turn, Percival, it's gonna use its third and final legendary action to attempt to hit you with a tentacle. That is 21 to hit. All right. You take-- -- 26 points of bludgeoning damage, and you are grappled once more. (all groan) Yes. Does that end your turn? All right. Top of the kraken's turn. Grog? The acid from the interior of the kraken begins to-- -- begins to slowly pool around you, and you feel your flesh on the exterior begin to singe and burn and melt away. That's a lot of dice. I'm going to go ahead and use the app here. That is 45 points of acid damage. All right. And so, turning around, the kraken's going to make its way back-- oh no, Trinket. Oh no. Trinket is left this way, it's going to swim past to there-- Correct. I agree. The kraken has an ability called Freedom of Movement, the kraken ignores difficult terrain, and magical effects can't reduce its speed or cause it to be restrained. Sorry. Your shark does, yes. As does Trinket, technically. From the shark? Yes, you do. Trinket has disadvantage. 22 from the shark. Nice. All righty. And disadvantage for Trinket? Trinket, unfortunately, his claws strike against the back of its armor as the kraken passes. No effect. All right. Yes. Oh, that wasn't the damage. Yeah. That was to hit. So yeah, roll damage for the shark. 13 points of damage from the shark. Nice. Yeah. All right, so as the shark bites, and watch as it tears away, makes its way over towards the grappled Keyleth, its jaws open with its beaked mouth. That is 24 to hit. All right. 22 points of piercing damage, and Keyleth, you are swallowed by the kraken. Yes. You see nothing. It is black, blind, darkness on the inside, and it's not Darkvision blindness. It is folds of internal muscle, tightening flesh across your entire body, so not only is there no light, but there is no room to actually see anything, even with your Darkvision. You scream into it like, Grog!, as you're being devoured, sure. All right, that ends the kraken's turn, Grog, you're up. You are unable to really feel around. You're like holding your hammer here, and the whole thing is squeezing against you and the muscles are pulling in, tense. Well, what are you trying to pull out? You could probably pull the alchemy jug out if you wanted to, yeah. All right. And you force it out and hold it on the inside. Okay. The jug now produces a bunch of oil. It gets to fill up the inside of the jug. Or a kraken. All right, so you produce a bunch of oil for your action, inside the jug. Is that your turn? Okay. That brings us to Taryon. Taryon. You just watched Keyleth, the pinnacle of leadership, the guiding force in this whole adventure, get swallowed by this terrible, writhing sea monster. What are you doing, Taryon? Okay. You can, it's just any attacks are at disadvantage, and you can't move. Okay! Go ahead and make a-- This would technically be-- a melee or ranged, but we'll say because it's so close, roll a D20 twice with disadvantage, so. So, with your attack bonus for the attack. Twelve? You reach out to pull it out and throw it. It tenses once, and then-- And it just-- It floats away. Before it just slowly sinks into the sand and rests there. You channel Brazio, and stare at him, to give him disapproval. With, wordless. Okay. That ends your turn, Taryon. That ends your turn, I believe. All right, Vax, you're up. Okay, make an investigation check. 18? 18. Okay. You just get to this part of the sand and you start sifting through and it's causing this cloud and you hear the water just being rapidly whipped through and cut behind you from the rapidly moving tentacles. As you pull through, you just begin with your action to uncover what looks to be the very peeking top of the final lodestone. Bonus action is a weapon attack. So you manage to-- Correct. All right, that ends your turn. Then it's going to use a legendary action to attempt to hit you with a tentacle. That is a 28 to hit. All right. Yep. That is-- 28 points of bludgeoning damage. LIAM. Okay. Uncanny Dodge? As the tentacle wraps around you. Currently now nine. It had ten, now it has nine. That might possibly be an option. All right, so. That's Vax's turn. Keyleth, you're up. We'll say that you're just, as the muscles squeeze you deeper in its body, you kind of slam into what feels like a hard bottom of a boot. Make a constitution saving throw as you were damaged by the piercing maw. Which is, we'll say 24, so go ahead and-- can't remember what the number was but we'll go with that. Which you have advantage on because of your Warcasters. Constitution saving throw. Okay, so you maintain concentration. You do. Yeah. No, it is muscles tensing, and a thin layer of acid. And oil is inside the jug. Currently you're in the stomach, not the esophagus. You can spend your action to try? There's not a lot of water in this space. Right now, it's mostly like actual stomach acid of the creature and muscles that are tensing around. Yeah. Okay! I need you both to make dexterity saving throws with disadvantage. Yes. Okay. At disadvantage. What's the DC on the spell for your staff? So it'd be your spell DC. Yeah, so you do not make your save. Your spell's too powerful. So you go ahead and roll damage. Yep. So go ahead and roll 8d6 damage, to you, you and the kraken. Usually if a creature's fully submerged in water it has damage resistance because of the water around it. However, the spell is inside of it so I will say that it does not get the fire resistance. You take half damage. 25, was what you needed to force it to make a constitution saving throw. Well, based on the circumstances I halved the damage required for it to make the saving throw to regurgitate. However a fireball explosion based on the-- Yes. All right. So-- No. As the Fireball explodes, the oil that you created inside ignites and also detonates. Roll a d20 for the strength of the jug. Okay. The jug withstands the force of the blow. (all cheer) The jug, however, detonates. For an additional 18 points of fire damage to both of you. And the kraken. This is on top of what you did. Correct. That would be 43. Fucking rolled a natural one! I'm not even joking. On its constitution, it's a DC 25 constitution saving throw, even with +15, it's a natural one. And so (explosion) it bursts inside, you watch the eyes bulge on the outside of this kraken as suddenly it vomits out a burst of smoke, dark, kind of bloody water, acid, and both Keyleth and Grog are jettisoned out of the front of the kraken's mouth. Nothing. You would, yes. Okay. Go for it. Remember, you still have your Wild Shape forms too. Okay, that ends your turn, Keyleth. All right. Secondary legendary action to go ahead and as soon as you guys emerge, one of its tentacles wraps out in your direction, Keyleth. That's a-- plus 18, yeah that hits you for like 32. So as soon as you emerge, you look around, one of the tentacles wraps around you, and you take 19 points of bludgeoning damage. And you are grappled by the tentacle. All right. That brings us to the next lair action. Everything is still obscured in this black inky space, by the way. Oh, you guys missed that while you were away. The kraken did an ink jet and filled this entire 60-foot radius with ink. The whole area is drastically obscured. Well, lasts for ten minutes while you're concentrating, did you maintain concentration-- That's true-- Well, save right now. Right, but you just took damage from the-- From the tentacles. However, you are correct, the water jet did clear out the ink from this area. Not wisdom, plus your constitution. Okay, that's enough, you maintain concentration. So yeah, so you've now cleared out this section, this section is cleared of ink. Control Water, the stream you've been doing has cleared out this area, so yeah. All right, so-- All right at this point, as it is now the 20 count on the lair action, the kraken once again gives another pulse of electrical energy, everything in the area, I need everyone to go ahead and make a constitution saving throw. All right, five points of lightning damage. 18? You take ten points of lightning damage. Keyleth? Ten points of lightning damage. So five points of lightning damage. Ten points of lightning damage. Grog? So five points of lightning damage. And Trinket was what? Ten points, okay, so. Keyleth goes unconscious, you watch as she just gets jettisoned out and the lightning streaks through her and eyes darken and she kinda falls limp in the water as the tentacle begins to slowly draw her back to its maw. Vex, you're up. That's as close as you get right here in this position. You spend your action to free it and you get it out of the water and put it into the bag of holding. So you have a bag of holding? Colding? Okay, yeah, you can put it there. It has enough space. You have all three lodestones currently. Correct. Okay, shark moves here. Yes. Right there this is Percy. This is Taryon. Okay. Correct. 15. Unfortunately, it's just gnawing at it, but it's not quite breaking through, it's tough hide. All right. So you swim backward this way? How far? Which direction? Towards the rock here? That's about as far as you can get, unfortunately. You have Alter Self on you right? You cast it-- So you can make it. We'll say that's as far as you can get, no reason to hide, you're still out in the open, you don't have anything to hide behind, unfortunately. Actually, you do back up into the ink cloud, so you can. Which is not obscured to the kraken. So, you cannot hide. He can still see you in the ink cloud. Yeah, so-- It didn't-- this whole area is filled with ink, so you just cleared out this area here. Sure. All right. Trinket on your turn moves up to the back of it-- (bear noises) Oh, Trinket can't move, you're right! Yeah, Trinket can't move, right. Ten points of damage. Trinket just tears with his jaws into the side. (growls) No, he did not, I'm sorry. That ends your go, Vex. At the end of your turn, it's going to use its third and final legendary action to go ahead and attempt-- let's see-- It's going to attempt to make a bash attack against Percival and Vax. Which pushes you two together. There's no way to escape it, you just whack! Slams you both together. And you take-- LIAM and You take 13 points of bludgeoning damage, both of you. All righty, that ends that. Percival, you're up. Okay. Correct. 17 does not hit. The first one you can't quite get your arms free, and you swing-- you just barely-- carves like a centimeter into the creature's flesh. 19 hits. Go ahead and roll damage. 13 points of damage. 16 does not hit, unfortunately. Takes an action to do so. Yeah, in this circumstance the best bet you want to have is gills and fins. So you can swim. Okay, so your Alter Self is in. That ends your turn, Percy? That brings us to the kraken. Legendary actions return. Kraken is going to shift around up and over there. So we'll say for the purposes of this-- Not quite. Going to curl over the top there, Trinket does get an attack of opportunity. No because it just moves into the space between you and Keyleth. The shark does not-- Yeah, 'cause the shark was attacking Percy's tentacle, so it was not in reach to attack the creature. Trinket was not. He already moved before, 'cause Trinket was grappled before he could get into space with it. All right, it is going to use its Lightning Storm. So I need four bolts of lightning. That's going to be against-- That's going to be Vex, Taryon, Percival, and we'll say Vax. Dexterity saving throws, you guys. At disadvantage. Yes. If you're grappled. So, hold on, was that five? 25 points lightning damage. Percival? 15? 25 points of lightning damage. So 25 reduced to half. 13 points of damage. 29? You take 13 points of lightning damage. Well, it's Evasion, so if it's half you do nothing. You failed, so it's halved, so yeah, you take a quarter. Right, I got confused, so yes. So half that as well. All right, that ends the kraken's turn. Grog, you're up. You are right next to Keyleth. All right, so that is 4d4 plus four. Mm-hm. You get 12. Grog, you still have your bonus action. You are frenzied and you have your movement. Okay, so you come up onto the actual-- -- kraken, okay. So you're right there. Okay, so go ahead and make your attack. So just a single roll. 28 hits! Roll damage. 35-- 25 points of damage. You just, whack!, bash it in the side of its face. (growls) Yep. That ends your turn, Grog? All right, Taryon. Okay. 20 does hit, roll damage. 22 points of damage. As you slam it and it begins to dissolve it, it is not enough to break free but it is fairly hurt and still holding onto you. Good to know. All right, Taryon, that's your turn. Vax, you're up. Okay, go ahead and roll attack with disadvantage just to see it doesn't get caught in the water and float away. Yeah, it's just enough strength for you to chuck it and (swoosh) hits the sand right next to her. You are no longer restrained-- You are next to Keyleth. Yeah. Basically yes. 34. With that, the tentacle holding Keyleth is torn asunder. You, using your dagger to cut her free, and the cloud of blood left behind, and withdraws, she is freed. Yeah. All right, that brings us to Keyleth. Keyleth, you are freed from the tentacle,and you are conscious, but up above you as you look up into space you can see the giant kraken maybe ten, 15 feet away from you. Grog is slamming in the side of its head and Vax is right there looking over you right now. Yeah, Trinket, Taryon, and Percy are currently grappled. Okay. No, what do you wanna do? Don't have rules for eels. We'll use that. Saying a giant constrictor snake has a swim speed of 30 feet, that's the same speed as-- MARISHA and Make your choice, Keyleth. Most snakes are 30-foot swim speed. Sea Serpent. Monstrosity you can't do. What are you doing? These are creatures you would know. Yeah. Yeah. What creature are you choosing is my question. Snake-- I'm sorry, you need to pick a creature, you can't make up statistics here. Let's see here. So. Most snakes I'm seeing here have 30 feet swim speed. What are you doing, as you're casting your spell. It's your Aramente. What are you choosing? What form? Okay, eels, we're using the statistics for a snake. All right. I-- whatever. Fine. You are all water snakes. You're majestic, ten-hit-point forms as water snakes. You all suddenly transform-- -- into these tiny snakes. We'll say for the current purposes of this, until it comes to the kraken's turn, everyone who is currently grappled is not grappled, because you are a smaller form. Until the kraken's turn. So we'll have to see whose turn order is what. All right, so-- That brings us next to the initiative counter 20. So. I need all of you guys, as snakes, to make constitution saving throws. I know. You did choose electric eels. Which-- No, hold on. I know. Because you chose eels-- -- the electricity has no effect. Weirdly-- -- this worked to your advantage for the 20 initiative count. So as the pulse of electric energy shoots out from the kraken, it shocks around and through all of you, but your physical eel forms take no damage. As they're used to conducting energy. Vex. Your turn. 30. And you're gonna use your action to dash, as well? That's as far as you can get. All right, finishing Vex's turn. All righty. That's as far as Trinket can go, there. He doesn't have a double action. He moves in your turn. Roll an attack for your shark. 21 hits. Roll damage. All right. 12 points of damage to the kraken. Gotcha. All righty. It's gonna go ahead and use Lightning Storm, costing 2 of its actions. It's going to focus this on-- -- Taryon, Grog, and-- because you were the source of its magic and it is horribly frustrated, Keyleth. I need the three of you guys-- oh fuck, it's Lightning Storm, it's not-- you're all eels, what am I doing? I'm-- it's been a long week, and I keep forgetting my fucking shit. It's okay. All right, so it makes a lightning storm-- -- that strikes you guys-- -- and, yeah, it tickles your fancy a moment as two of its legendary actions. All right, Percy, it's your turn. Respect. Respect on the electric eels that I gave you. Weirdly, saving your ass right now. 20, 25, 30. You just get out the other side, just barely seeing the eel-Vex ahead of you, just swimming through. Oh. End of Vex's turn, it's gonna use its last legendary action-- -- to attempt to make a-- -- a tentacle attack at-- -- at you, Vax. The one that just recently severed one of its tentacles. That is a 28 to hit. Ten plus 18. 28. The effect is still on there, so yeah. For dex saving throw? No, it's an attack roll. Against your AC, which as an eel is like, ten, so you take damage. That is 18 points of bludgeoning damage. 28. 28. So your eel form is destroyed-- -- and you take eight points of bludgeoning damage, and you are grappled. 'Cause it has almost no hit points. The lightning did nothing, but it just bludgeoned and grabbed and squeezed around the eel, and then you formed back within its grasp. "All right", you arguing? Just making sure. I know. It's all good. I just, I ruled you guys to have ten hit points in that form. Yeah, flying snake is, like, five hit points, so. You're fine. So that ends-- all right, so that was on Percy's turn. End of that turn. It's back to the Kraken's turn. The kraken gets its legendary actions back. LIAM and Yeah. Vax went, then you turned everyone into eels. And then it went to the 20 count. So now it's back to the kraken. You did, it's okay. All right, the kraken's going to do three bashes. It's going to be against Grog, it's going to be against Keyleth, it's going to be against Taryon. Grog, that is 29. Taryon, that is 31. (laughs) And, Keyleth, that is 34. All right. So against Grog, that is 24 points of bludgeoning damage. You are an eel and grappled. You are out of your eel form and you're grappled. So-- well, your eel form just goes dead then you take-- what did I say again? It was 24-- You take 14 points of bludgeoning damage-- still raging-- halved to seven. Taryon, your eel form is destroyed. That would be 22 points, so you take 12 points of bludgeoning damage. And you are grappled. Keyleth-- lucky roll. That is 14 points of bludgeoning damage. Your eel form is done. You're grappled, and you take four points of bludgeoning damage. Eel freed itself, so now you're back up on your feet. Taryon as well. You can. Against him or the tentacle? All right. Reckless. That hits. 22 points of damage. You slam into the tentacle and it's still holding, but it's looking severely damaged. It's starting to-- the muscle's starting to tear apart. All right. That brings us to Grog, your turn. Grog, your turn. Go for it. 30. (all laugh) 16 points of damage. You slam it again. This time the tentacle tears open and you're free. You are no longer grappled. You're gathering at this point, like, somewhere having around 30 points of damage gets rid of the tentacle. You now are down four tentacles total. Six left. Just below you about ten feet is Keyleth and Vax. All righty. All right. Keyleth, I need you to make a constitution saving throw, by the way. With advantage. 'Cause you took damage-- with the shift form. You're fine. Go ahead and roll damage for that plus your-- ha. So, roll the d10. Times two. 18. Yes, you do. So roll two more d10s. Yes. Well, nine plus rage damage-- well, 9 times two, so it's 18 plus rage damage, plus your strength modifier. You destroyed the tentacle. The tentacle's dead. Yeah, Keyleth's tentacle is just smeared like a-- you slam into it and watch as a cloud of dark purple liquid kind of goes past her face. The blood from the kraken clears and the tentacle just goes limp, the section that's been removed from the rest of the tendril. Go for it. So roll for-- Yeah, it hits. 22. You slam into the side of Vax's tentacle, bash it, bash it. It's starting to tear apart, but it's not enough to free him entirely. All right, your movement is 50, and you've not used Alter Self, right? Yes, that's-- Yeah, but you have to use an action to do so. So that's five, ten-- -- 15, 20, 25. 'Cause your movement's 50 normally. So that's as far as you can get just kind of swimming by, trying to get over there. Ends your turn, Grog. All right. End of your turn, it's going to use Lightning Storm. Two actions. It's going to hit Grog, Vax, and Keyleth. Need all three of you to make dexterity saving throws, with Vax at disadvantage. Nope. No, just Vax. That's not going to make it, unfortunately. Correct. Correct. And Taryon as well, actually. Well, it's not at disadvantage. Wait, you're restrained, you are-- yes. So yes. You do. Yeah, so 24 points lightning damage. 24 points of lightning damage. Keyleth falls unconscious once more. Vax. No, no. What-- you take 24 reduced to half-- Yeah. So 12 points of lightning damage. Reduced to quarter-- -- six. Then Grog-- 24 points lightning damage reduced to half. TRAVIS and All right, so! That was the end of Grog's turn. Taryon, your turn. Okay. (all laugh) All right. Heal yourself 35. You still have your bonus action, if you want to do anything. Vax, you're up. Sanctuary, technically, is still lasting, 'cause it's not concentration. Well, no, every time you attack you lose it. You're right. I keep forgetting that, so yes. You cut a tentacle. So Sanctuary is back up. Okay. Yes. Yes, she is. Okay. All right. You just escape the grasp. All right. By the way, all your guys' forms? You revert back to your normal selves. You are no longer eels. So you're backing up 30 feet? You are hasted, so yeah, 30 feet. You just get out of the range. It's going to take an attack of opportunity on you with its tentacle. That is-- nine plus 18 is 27 to hit. You take-- -- 21 points of bludgeoning damage. Halved to ten and you are grappled by the tentacle. All right. Keyleth, it's your turn. You come to consciousness. Once more you watch as Vax is darting off and a tentacle wraps around him. You see Taryon pulled, but the rest of your allies are rushing off in the distance. What are you doing? You can't see from where you are. It's actually blocked. You just see this giant, jutting underwater structure. No, you only got rid of part of it here. The ink cloud still sits in this vicinity. You're casting it again? Okay. Around you it is Grog, it is Vax, and it is Taryon. And a shark. All of you, towards the portal? All right. Say, 20 feet. Five, ten, 15, 20. Five, ten, 15, 20. Five, ten, 15, 20. Yeah. I mean, Taryon and Vax are still grappled by it, and this-- the kraken gets moved to there. 30-foot range. So you're right there. And yank him towards you? You cannot see this, unfortunately. No, this is all obscured with ink right now. This thing got pushed this way-- Actually, with your Control Water that pushed this way would have cleared some ink in this area, but right now this whole structure is blocking it. You cannot see this rock. This here, you can. Vax is right next to it. Well, the Grasping Vine only pulls things towards where it emanates, and since he's right next to this, it'll just pull him right against it. Tary's right here as well, it'll just pull him into the rock. You still have your bonus action. Your Wild Shape? Miss five hit points? Not to tell you what you're doing, but this is your thing and you're at five hit points, right underneath the kraken, the closest to it. You're here. LIAM and What are you-- what are you Shaping into? Killer whale! All righty. I don't actually. I did not come-- I'll say for the sake of this-- for the time being this-- -- this naga will be your killer whale. Sure. That'll work. All righty. Yes. You've cleared out some of the ink in this area. That's your turn. All righty. Top of the round. The kraken is going to go ahead and-- the water current seems to shift in the opposite direction. I need each creature within 60 feet of the kraken, which is all of you, to make a strength saving throw. Yeah, all of you. 11? 23, all right. So you only get pushed ten feet. Okay. Pushed ten feet. Okay. 22 is a failure. All right. So that is 60 feet away from the kraken for everyone who failed. So. You're right over here, pushed away. The water just rushes through and pushes all of you away. Trinket is pushed-- -- 60 feet that direction. Roll for the shark, if you could. It's gonna maintain its grapple on you guys, you guys are just being yanked in that direction. Yeah, so no, that's not gonna-- so the shark gets pushed up into that, there. Actually, you do, but it doesn't do any damage, it just kind of pushes you and the tentacle kind of holds you there. Keeping you grappled. It's not gonna release the grapple. Yep. All right. So. That brings us to Vex's turn. All the ink has now washed away to the space, and everyone gets pushed away by the force of the water. Okay, so there, and you can just-- -- see over this way, you can see your brother there-- -- you see the kraken, you see everyone being pushed to this way, and everything being shoved to that direction. All right, go for it. Yep. 25 hits. Go ahead and roll damage. Nope. That's enough. Your arrow goes right through, and that's the last bit of damage it needs to actually sever that tentacle. Freeing him. All right. You could certainly try. If you land back down that way-- So go ahead and roll-- breaking line of sight just barely, go ahead and make a hide check. 22. Okay. Okay. The shark has a speed of what? 40? 30, 35, 40. Just barely gets up into the space to hit it, so. 26 hits! 14 points of damage. All righty. Sure. Yeah. But it's fine. You haven't done enough damage, near enough, to really threaten the kraken yet, so you're fine. All right. Ending Vex's turn! End of the turn, it's gonna use its last legendary action. It's going to go ahead and make a tentacle attack at you. That's as far as Trinket can get. All righty. That is a 29 to hit. It's your AC. That is 18 points of bludgeoning damage. And you are grappled. Right. So nine. And it grapples you once more with that tentacle. Five. All righty. Percival. Your turn. That's as far as you can go. What form? That's right, you did, yeah. So, yeah. You leap out, you are through. Okay. Top of the kraken's turn-- It's gonna move over here-- Grappled, Vax? It's going-- giant beak-- -- opens up towards you. That is a two plus 18, that is a 20 to hit. Because of the Haste bonus. I fuckin' rolled a two. Okay, all right, as it goes and snaps towards you-- However, hang on. However, while you were attacked, you were restrained, so-- -- restrained creatures, attacks against them do have advantage. So, that is a 28. I just realised that, 'cause it says-- I forgot, it says here-- it says until the target's grapple ends the target is restrained, and attacks against restrained creatures have advantage. No. Sorry. So that is-- 15, 24, 34 points of piercing damage. And you are swallowed. All right. That is the kraken's turn, Grog, you're up. You watch as it just swallows Vax as his eyes go limp, and the jaws just take his not moving form and swallow inside. You do, 'cause you're back here. Make an intelligence check. I know. All right. What are you doing? Okay, so you just get into melee range. Sure. Go for it. Okay. 35 points of damage. You go ahead and sever one of the nearby immediate tentacles as it's whipping around you. Okay. As you finish that strike, you feel this strange sense piercing into your relatively unprotected skull. As no language peeks through, but you get this very strong, angry, hungry sense-- this emotional force that says, "Oh, now you've made me angry." You start realising very quickly that this creature, while it seemed like a force of nature, has been just feeding, but you've got its attention now. Its instinct has turned now to its intellect to reach out to its food. You've made it angry. What are you doing with your next attack? All right. That hits. 17 damage? All righty. Yes it is, damaged, but it's still there. 31 hits. 25. You destroy another tentacle, as three are currently remaining. Correct. That ends your turn. You used your full speed to move up to it. Okay. Taryon. Okay. So, how many charges-- Okay, so you use all three charges? Go for it. So go ahead and make your ranged spell attack with disadvantage. That hits! Go-- 17 just misses. You try and squeeze it by and the ring releases and it smashes into the rock and destroys part of the nearby plant life, which then begins to just float away, chunks of rock and sand, and some of the underground dark soot begins to billow out. The tentacle still remains affixed around you. All right. It is going to use one of its legendary actions to attack Grog with one of its remaining tentacles. That is a 34. Grog, you take 19 points of bludgeoning damage, reduced to nine-- -- and you are grappled. Okay. Against? Okay, go for it. That hits. Roll damage. 21 points of damage. You slam into it, it looks like it's pulling apart, but the muscle's still holding tight. Vax. I need you to make a death saving throw with advantage. Okay. Brings us to Keyleth. You're back here. Grog is closest to you, grappled, and there is Taryon on the other side, that you cannot quite see. You would, yes. Correct. You're free over here, yes. Yes. Correct. Well, you have your beast shape you used to turn into this form. Your Wild Shape you used to into this form. Alter Self just gives you gills and fins, you used-- Animal Shapes you've already cast on everybody-- Right, but you lost concentration-- -- when you went unconscious. Okay. Grasping Vine from where? You can have it come out of the ground here if you want it to. Grog is right here. So pulling up this way? Okay, so we'll say, pulling this way. All right. Go ahead and roll a d20 plus your wisdom modifier. Correct. Which is? Your Wisdom modifier is plus six, right? All right, so you pull Grog this way, and with Grasping-- -- Vine, that's a range of what? What's the range of your Grasping Vine? How long-- how far does it pull? Right. So you-- okay, you can pull him out of the range, it does break-- Yeah. So you do break the grapple on Grog, and pull him away from that. All right. So your movement. Correct. No. You're a whale, still. You haven't taken any damage. You just got pushed away. Which actually, technically, in whale form you couldn't cast the spell. So would you drop your form? Okay. So Keyleth-- Keyleth is back into that, cast the spell. You have your-- well, you have your-- you can cast your-- -- second level or lower as your action, and you have your movement still. Okay. And you're gonna move towards the-- So you're gonna stay here? Or move towards the kraken? Are you not moving? You're right here. Right, but you can see my fingers. There you go. So we'll say there. Yes. Do that. All right. I need everybody to make-- -- a constitution saving throw. 13 points of lightning damage. Percival. You're not there. That's right. Keyleth. Constitution saving throw. 13 points of lightning damage. 13. Vex. Wait, wait, you were at five before. Ooh. Yeah, Keyleth goes unconscious. Yes. Eight? You're zero. You just fall unconscious. All righty. A 20? All right, so you take 13 points lightning damage. 13 points of lightning damage. All right, so that's 11-- -- six points of lightning damage to you, Grog. All right, so Control Water is dropped. That ends-- -- Keyleth's turn. The 20 count. Vex, what are you doing? You saw Keyleth just go-- -- get shocked as the burst of electrical energy shoots through the area, and she just kinda goes limp again, and is kind of floating in space. You would've just barely seen it over your shoulder. And heard someone say it over the earpiece. You have your bonus action for a dash if you want to try and get closer, it's up to you. What are you doing? Okay, what level Hail of Thorns? No, Keyleth is over here. Currently, no. Fourth level? You still have a fourth-level spell? You did. That's when you pull-- That's right, you did. Yeah, okay, fourth level? So that is an additional 4d10 piercing damage towards the attack. Go ahead and roll the attack. 23 is the disadvantage? Okay, that hits. 4d10. Okay, plus 18 points of damage. So as you fire the arrow, it sinks into the side of its mouth, just bursts with thorns in the vicinity. Kind of roils, but it doesn't seem to have any effect. You have your secondary attack if you want to. Okay, go ahead and roll. 29 hits. Okay. You already used your bonus action, unfortunately. To cast the spell. Okay. Percival, you're on the other side of the portal, looking through and you're watch-- I mean, you get a slight-- If you peek out the side. It's still obscured and like, the water-- The Daylight spell is still kinda shooting out from underneath, so it's this beacon of light in the underwater area. So you get a decent view of what's going on. You see Keyleth kinda go limp in the distance. You see Grog there. You see Vex trying to shoot. Okay. Nope. It is a cantrip. You concentrate through the portal and you watch just short of about 30 feet past you, a little shimmering space looks almost like a fish but it's sort of translucent and blob-like. It's not really gonna help in this situation. Sorry. All right. End of your turn? It's going to use-- All righty. As you pull back through and it returns, it's gonna ahead and use-- It's taking another legendary action to make a-- This is gonna be a tentacle attack against you, Grog? With advantage, that's going to be nine plus 18, that's 27? You take 12 points of bludgeoning damage plus ten, that's 22. Divided by that. 11. All right, Percy's-- You already used it. Sorry. It is now the Kraken's turn. At the top of the round, you lose a death saving throw? As the acid begins to slowly burn away-- Oh no, I mean like, you lose one. As the acid burns. The acid is slowly digesting you. It's gonna move four, five, ten, 15, 25, 30. We'll say for the purposes of this, you're right there, Grog. Space is getting a little cluttered over there. I mean, it hit you and grappled you. One of its remaining tentacles-- Tary is-- You're being pulled up over the rock and dragged across. LIAM and Like, oh god. Over there. That's a 34. You take-- this shit's getting intense. Oh my god. (laughs) That is-- -- 29 points of piercing damage, halved-- To 14-- And it swallows you a second time. Pulling you into its body-- You are consumed and restrained once again in its dark space inside as you're pulled into the-- That ends its turn, Grog, you're up. Nope! Ah, as you're pulled inside the voice comes up again and it's now emanating outward to you as well, Vex, and in the unconscious darkness of Vax and Keyleth, the voice just says, "I've been here a long time, and I'll be here long after you are dust. "Feed me and give me sustenance, I'll find my way through somehow." Grog? All right, so-- you can either reach around for him, try and feel for him-- you can take a healing potion as a bonus action if you'd like. Oh, it's not for you? You can make an investigation check to try and find him. This is gonna be your action to do so. The kraken? Not from what you've seen. You guys haven't been doing focusing damage, you've been trying to move around him. He's lost a number of tentacles, but-- No, they do. Go for it. Feeling around inside, you're unable to find any current form of Vax right now. However, you still have your bonus action and you are frenzied. All righty. So, what potion is it? All right, 4d4 plus four hit points. Oh, Laura, do you want your shark to do anything, by the way? That hits, roll damage. 14 points of damage, that was one that had previously taken 22 points of damage-- the shark actually does tear the tentacle free, so technically Taryon, before you're about to get dragged over the coals of the top of this, before the shark actually tore into and removed your grapple from-- It is down to two tentacles. Four here, four there. It is your turn now, yeah. There is actually-- there is a small, kind of under-- kind of a low bridge. You can move 15 feet, as you swim through. 15. You can just get out to that side, yeah. On the kraken? Yes, you do. Two more. You don't see any-- it is a big creature. Your friends are somewhere deep inside its fleshy, digesting interior, the outside is armored, and filled with very, very taut muscle and hide, so yeah. You would probably not damage your friends if you were careful. Oh shit. Okay, so as a Prismatic Spray, in this direction-- out this way, it'll just crest past the front of the kraken and the tentacles-- let's see here. Prismatic Spray, that's a dexterity saving throw on that. That is a 23. All right, so roll for your first beam, which is against the kraken itself. Are you focusing on the kraken or one of its tentacles? Currently, no. So it'd be just the kraken. All right, so roll a d8 to see which beam hits it. Five, that is 10d6 cold damage. So go ahead and roll that. 35 points of cold damage, reduced to half because it made its save. That's 13. All right. You get that sense. All right. Nah, it's one of those things where it just damages the creature, you have to focus a specific physical attack on one tentacle. All right, that brings us to the top of the round, Vax, go ahead and roll a death saving throw with advantage. A regular potion, you mean? A patch potion? Using the patch is an action I think, originally, sorry. So Vax? All right, so Keyleth, death saving throw please. Nope, just a d20. What'd you roll? All right, so you failed one death saving throw. Let's see. Then after that, it's-- All right, Vex, Trinket and Taryon, make dexterity saving throws please. 11. Six points of lightning damage. Six points of lightning damage. Six points of lightning damage for Trinket. Yeah. All right, well, yeah. Yeah, yeah he is. Keyleth, you fail another death saving throw. You took lightning damage. All righty. Vex, it's your turn, you have an unconscious Keyleth over here. Okay. Cast it. So that was a total of what? Seven. So Keyleth, you are conscious. You heal seven hit points, you are conscious. All right. Ending Vex's turn. Percival-- actually, Vex, you still have movement if you want to. You have nothing to hide behind. It's hard to do that right now, but you have the door that way, there's a little gap. All right, that ends Vex's turn. Percival, anything? It can just barely get there. Go ahead and roll an attack. Okay. Holding your action to? Just sword at the ready? Okay. 28 hits. Roll damage. All righty. That brings us to-- -- the kraken's turn. Top of the turn, the acid burns through you even further, Vax. You fail another death saving throw. That's two. All right. Top of the kraken's turn, it's going to-- let's see who's in range, here. This is kind of nuts. All right, it's going to make a tentacle attack at both-- at the shark, Vex, and Keyleth. That's right, two tentacles. So it's going to make one at Vex and Keyleth. You gather this creature is far more intelligent than you think. It's not a natural beast. It's a fairly intelligent creature. That is a 26 versus you. You take-- well, the good news is I'm rolling shit damage. That is 18 points of bludgeoning damage to you, Vex, and you are grappled by one tentacle. And against Keyleth, you are-- it's technically not within five feet of you. That's a natural one. I was like, I'm pretty sure he had advantage because you're prone, but prone is the creature has advantage against any creature that is within five feet of the creature, otherwise it has disadvantage. So yeah. That's one thing that saved you. And that's gonna be-- just the two attacks, that's all it can do this turn. All right. That brings us to Grog, you're up. Great Weaponmaster as well, or not? Two-handed, versatile means you can hold it with two hands. Pretty sure that's how it works. I'll check real fast. I'll double-check the wording, just to be safe. Oh, it's a heavy weapon. Not-- so yeah, you cannot. You were right. 29. Just gonna double-check, 'cause the internet's gonna get angry at me. 29 hits. 20 points of damage? 22, hits. 24 points of damage, all righty. Roll damage. That, in its own attack, is enough to make its constitution saving throw. Let's see if it-- That is a four! Plus 15 is 19, is not enough to make its constitution saving throw. It vomits Grog and an unconscious Vax-- -- out in the front. Jesus Christ, guys, you're killing me. So, Grog, it's you, you still have your movement. Yeah. Yeah. 25, you can get there. All right, ending Grog's turn, Taryon. No. He's unconscious with two failed death saving throws-- There you go, Sam. Yep, no, you're right over here you're-- what would Taryon do at this moment? You're about 50 feet from him, yeah. Uh-huh. Sure, I'll say-- all right, so-- There you go, go ahead and make your attack with disadvantage. You pull it back and fire and it goes (kerplunk) and the bolt just goes and floats up and you're like, "Shit". Okay, so you'll be-- All right. Ending Tary's turn, Vax, death saving throw, with advantage. With no Luck left? The last bit of air escapes the lungs of Vax, lifeless on the ground. All right. That ends your turn, obviously, Keyleth. You're right here on the ground, you see Vax not moving. You see Vex currently grappled inside there, and Grog and everyone rushing in this direction towards the portal. You are ten feet from Vax and 15 feet from Vex, or ten feet from each, actually. Yeah. Okay. All right. You can, you can grab-- You can grab Vax-- and begin to tug him toward Vex at half speed so that's five, ten-- Right, but you're-- -- you're dragging him behind you as you go. Five, ten, 15, 20, 25, 30-- You're like just in the space. What're you trying to do? Oh shit! Okay. All right. And with that, the three of you vanish. The shark vanishes. Plane Shifting where? Plane Shifting where, Keyleth? Okay. All right. They vanish. Grog. All right, so that finishes Keyleth's turn. Top of the scale here, I need both of you guys to make dexterity saving throws. Grog and Taryon. Dexterity. 18, all right, you take eight points of lightning damage-- Grog? That is eight points-- Yeah, reduced to four. All right, Percival. All right. End of your turn, the last legendary action to attempt to grab and grapple Grog. With advantage, because you-- That is 26. You take nine-- ten points of bludgeoning damage, being reduced, and you are grappled. Yeah. You can. 23 hits, go ahead and roll damage. 23, that one had taken 13 damage earlier. That tentacle is destroyed. There is one left. You are no longer grappled. There is one slightly damaged tentacle left. As you do so, the voice says, "No. Come, join your end here in the depths." All right, that ends your Retaliation, Percy's, it is now-- Wait, so that was Percy's turn, right? Right, okay. It's gonna come forward here, it's gonna do Lightning Storm against both of you. I need both Taryon and Grog to make dexterity saving throws once more. All right. That is a really shitty roll. 13 points lightning damage-- -- 13 points lightning damage. Okay. It was 13 minus that to-- -- seven. So Taryon falls unconscious. I know. So, Grog, it's your turn. Okay. LAURA and Okay. So the gills and fins appear, your webbed fingers, and what're you doing? No, unfortunately, because you used your action to do the ability on you, however-- Oh! Wait, wait, you have the-- so you have the full movement-- You are just on the outskirts of it. And you see Percy yelling at you. All right, coming through at 20, Grog, I need you to make a dexterity saving throw. That is 10 reduced to five, five points of lightning damage against you. Taryon, you fail a death saving throw-- -- automatically 'cause you take the damage from the lightning. Tary is-- 40 feet. Yep. Your running speed is 30. All right, Percival, what're you doing? Percival, what are you doing? All right. Grog, how are you looking? What are you doing? What are you doing, Percy? Grog. Make a wisdom saving throw. With advantage, because of Heroes' Feast. Actually, it's supposed to be charisma checks against him. What are you trying to do? Wait, are you trying to intimidate him? All right. Make a persuasion check with advantage. That's how technically it's supposed to work. But, I'm giving you-- 20? Okay. Okay, Grog. You come through and see Percy looking at you, and oh shit, you don't wanna make him mad. He's your buddy. Okay. All right. The kraken is going to go ahead and make a bite attack against you. Because it only has the one tentacle left. That is an 18 plus six, that is 24. That hits you. You take-- That's 23 points of piercing damage. 23. Reduced to 12 because of your raging. And you are-- oh, you were not grappled by the kraken. So it does not swallow you. (all cheer) Well, it's 25 there. It's gonna take an action to pick him up. What do you want to do, Grog? It's your call. Yeah, what do you wanna do, Grog? Well, it's up to you. Friends affects him more than it affects you, technically. He just seems very persuasive. Okay. Moving back with him, because your strength doesn't reduce your movement. (counts) 25. You don't quite reach the edge. No, it takes your whole-- to pick him up and get there, you only have your bonus action right now. If you have one, yeah. So there you go. You take it. It's 2d4 plus two. 2d4 plus two. Ends Grog's turn. Taryon. Make a death saving throw. 11. So you're fine. That brings us up to the top. Not quite yet. We are at the 20. All right. That's a dexterity saving throw from you, Grog. It's just all-out shocking. 16. That is 14 points of lightning damage to you, Grog. Yep, halved to seven. Automatic death fail. All right, that brings us now to Percival. Okay. Well, currently there is no tentacle in your range. Right now, the tentacle's in range when it's wrapped around somebody, you can hit it right there. Right now, it's just in the distance. You can grab and pull Taryon. You pull Taryon through, his unconscious body through. You have a healing potion? Okay. So, I'll say that between your movement, you'll have enough. Go ahead and 2d4 plus two to Taryon. 2d4 plus two to Taryon. Taryon is conscious. All right. It is now the kraken's turn. The kraken is going to sit right here now, directly behind you, Grog. Its tentacles swarm. It's the one tentacle, all these broken tentacles that are trying to extend. You can see parts of it are regenerating and starting to extend a little bit. Not fully, but it's going to take a while for it-- but you can see it does regenerate over time. You know what, at the end of Percival's turn, it's going to use one of its legendary actions. To attempt to bash. Natural 20. So that is 17 points of bludgeoning damage against you, reduced to half. That would be nine, yeah. And, you are grappled. Now it's the kraken's turn. And it is going to attempt to bite attack you. It does not have advantage. That is a 20? That is 18 points of piercing damage, reduced to nine. And you are swallowed. All righty. Grog, it's your turn. Go for it. All right, 20. That hits. 24, all right. That hits. It has to make a constitution save. That is directly a nine plus 15. It's a 24; the DC is 25. It fails, and vomits you out again to the front of it! Jesus Christ! I'm going to take a picture of that so people-- -- are like, "That's a little too close." And you do as you step away through the portal. (laughs) I can't believe that shit! I just tweeted that final saving throw on his end. Wow! And that's where we're going to end tonight's game. Jesus Christ! Jesus Christ! Don't fuck with the titan creatures, man! Hey, your first death, Vax! Yep. And if so, that's at the bailiwick of your Queen. But we'll find out where that brings us next week. One way or another, a climactic end to the Aramente. Thank you, Loot Crate, for being our sponsor! How many points did you have at the end there, Grog? Eight hit points?! Holy fucking shit! Fair enough. Well, guys, well done! You got the lodestones and escaped with the body of Vax, though dead. Had that last death saving throw happened in the stomach of the kraken, there was no way you were getting back. That's a silver lining. Anyway, guys, thank you for sticking through a very long, climactic, intense battle, both players and viewers. Thank you, Lootcrate, for being our awesome sponsor. We'll be back next week to see the conclusion of this Aramente arc. Much love to you all, and is it Thursday yet?