Hello everyone, and welcome to the second episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us crazy voice actor, nerdy types sit here and play Dungeons and Dragons. We'll be continuing from last week's adventure, so in the meantime, let's go ahead and show you some of the character backstory. Welcome back everyone. So, know that you're a little more affiliated with the characters, let's get this party started. So as a head's up, I wanna let you know, once again, we're waiting for the charity elements of this stream to open up again, since the big charity that happened a couple weeks ago. Once we do, we're gonna be taking donations, half to go to help run the channel, the other to donate to 826. Marisha will explain that here in just a second. As a head's up, Ashley, who plays our cleric, Pike, unfortunately couldn't make it again this week, because she's busy filming amazing stuff with her career being amazing. But she says she's sad she can't be here. She loves you guys, and as soon as Pike can re-enter the campaign, hopefully in a couple weeks, all awesome gnomeness shall double. So also tonight, there was a goal to try and hit 1000 subscribers on the channel. So what we're gonna do is, we only have 130 people to subscribe tonight. If we can get all 130 before the show ends this evening, we're gonna do a random selection of a person within those thousand subscribers to win a copy of the Player's Handbook signed by all of us, as well as a really, really cool image that was tweeted out earlier by Geek & Sundry, also signed by all of us. So, go ahead and pull your friends, see if we can get some more subscribers before the show's out tonight, so hopefully that'll be fun. So, Marisha, if you wanna go ahead and explain a little bit about the charity 826 we'll be plugging in the near future. Yes, 826 LA is a non-profit charity organization that helps kids though the age of six to 18 with their creative and structural writing skills, and they also help teachers and yeah. Good artsy creative things. So donate, and definitely visit the Time Travel Mart. Tonight we can't donate here. It's not available yet. Start saving your money. Yes, but we'll be getting that going in the near future. So, anyway. Let's go ahead and do a little recap of what happened last week. So the party has been hired by their friend, Arcanist Allura Vysoren, in the city of Emon to head towards the dwarven town of Kraghammer, as a good friend of hers, and one of the members of the Council of Tal'Dorei, has gone missing. This, being a halfling paladin, named Lady Kima of Vord, who was on a vision quest as part of a pilgrimage and was drawn towards some dark evil she said was manifesting somewhere deep beneath Kraghammer and hadn't been heard from since. So the party was sent there to go ahead and seek her. Upon arriving in Kraghammer, shenanigans ensued. They made some friends, made some enemies, wandered the town. Brother, sisters, walked around as if they were married. Bears almost got into fights in rings. And eventually the party made their way towards the bottom ring of Kraghammer proper, talking to Lord Nostoc Greyspine, who is-- Yes, Greyspine indeed. Who is the head of the Greyspine Mines at the bottom of Kraghammer, where supposedly this paladin disappeared to. After having a conversation with him, a bunch of goblins and ogres began to spring from the mines and attacking the workers. The party swooped down to aid, realized that the goblins and ogre's weren't attacking, they were fleeing from something else, of which emerging from within the mines proper some strange naga-based hydra-ish abomination. The party then proceeded to slaughter it, final blow dealt by Scanlan via lightning bolt. Our resident gnome bard. And that's where we pick up. So, as all of you are still riding the adrenaline of the battle, Scanlan feeling the tingling in his fingers as the little bolts of arcane energy kind of (imitates electricity crackling) spark throughout, the rest of the nearby workers and miners slowly converge in and begin to walk up to the party. And someone starts, "That was great, that was well done! "Fantastic! "Where'd you learn that?" One of them comes up there, "Ah, I could've done "better than that." And they start just shouting off at each other and pat each other on the back. A few moments of this progresses before, all of a sudden, there's a hush comes about the crowd, and you see about five or six Carvers pull their way through, Carvers being the guards of Kraghammer, with Lord Nostoc Greyspine himself stepping through. He looks at the rest of the group and goes, "All right, so you've certainly proven yourselves in battle." "I would like to continue this conversation that we had back in my office if you don't mind." He turns around and begins to walk back. Okay. Essentially go ahead and make a saving throw with advantage. This'll be Constitution. What'd you roll? So thirteen? That'd be enough. So, after you finish casting the spell, you feel the poison leave the rest of your body. You can kind of take a breath to yourself. The rest of the miners kind of look about and Awkwardly staring back at Nostoc as he walks off, kind of looking back like, what "Are you gonna go? "Talk to him?" It was delicious is what it was. All right, so as you head back to the ramp that heads up from the mine enclosure itself to the top of the realm, which is where the Greyspine Industries mining facility is, you are brought into the building again, brought back to Nostoc's office, in which he's not sitting, he's kind of pacing behind his desk, waiting for you as you approach. As you enter the room, he stops pacing, turns around, puts his hand on the desk, and says, Please, enter and close the doors behind you. (loud thud) "A flatulent dragonborn, eh?" (group laughs) "Lord Greyspine is fine." "Well let's be clear." "We dwarves don't need help from outsiders. "We can handle our own business just fine." "As what the discussion was based on previously, "you're searching for her, and last we saw her, She went down into the mine." "You're welcome to. "As far as I know, she's down there somewhere. "Hopefully still in one piece." "Getting to that. "You see these small intrusions have been bad "for meeting our quotas with the Bronzegrip metal warehouse "and export shipments. "Employees have been forced to "collapse a non-negotiable portion of our tunnels "to prevent incursions like this. "Without my approval. "And this is a pattern I wish to stop at once. "Thus, I have a proposition for you. "Now, I will give you free reign to our mines. "I shall get the proper approvals to make sure no Carvers "bother you as you wander the city's lower ring. "And I will contract you to delve past our tunnels "and investigate the source of these creatures, "where they come from, where they live, "and if there is some sort of a leader "who gives them their commands. "Eliminate them. "For this, I will reward you with not a trifle sum. "25,000 gold pieces. "Plus 250 gold per beast scalp you provide upon returning." "The brazen halfling bitch went in there "without my approval and wandered into the mines, "not to be seen. "So if she is down there, I hope she's in one piece. "I can't guarantee it. "But if there's any place to find her, that's probably it." "Not beneath this mountain, it doesn't, of human closers." "Great. How does that help us dwarves?" He sits back for a second. "The types of creatures, I do not know. "I mostly deal with the business "and just know that there's some bullshite going on "down in the mines. "You could ask our foreman, Hieris. "He's dealt with the cleanup each time "we've had an incursion like this, "so if anyone has information on what these creatures are, "he'd be the one to talk to." "He's a foreman at the mine proper." "This deal was not sewn in yet, so no." "But we thank you for your aid." Make a persuasion roll. You can see this long, distant, angry, dwarven, mistrusting stare. Rubs his chin, his well-kept, blackened beard and goes, "Huh, but a sip, as it was a gift." His nose squints at the sound. (SAM imitates a jaunty flute) All right, so go ahead and make a - (laughs) Make a sleight of hand check on this. Yep, you add a d8 to it as well. Correct. As he's listening to the gnomish music and kind of pushing it away with his hands, like, "Stop, I don't- no. "I appreciate it, but I don't." As you do that, your wineskin goes to full. (imitates liquid sloshing) Swollen to its brim. You switch over to one of the cups, you pass around the drinks. All of you manage to get your drinks passed around. "To a contract!" It's hard to tell. Dwarves live quite a long time. He would be equivalent to like a human forties. Dwarven time, somewhere in his mid-hundreds. "I'm sorry, what?" "Ah, Balgus, that's the brand of what you brought me." If you'd like to do that, that would just be taking a short rest outside, probably not in the office proper. You can leave and just sit down and get some rest. You can as well. So, while you guys are taking a short rest, you're able to use any of your hit dice to heal up naturally. That is your natural healing. Not to full. It's a continuation, Grog. Yeah, on every hit dice, you get an extra d6. So you got a slow jam just for the sake of the slow jam. All right, roll an investigate check. A brief discussion with a few of the other wandering dwarf miners that are in the outskirts of the buildings' facilities. Eventually it leads you over to what is a small, secondary building maybe 200 yards off from the main property. That apparently is where Hieris resides and keeps watch over the entire establishment. All right, the rest of you going with her? Why not! Why split the party? So the the group makes their way over to the outskirts of the building. Opens up and a very nice, portly looking dwarf with a big tuft of a chinstrap beard. Big reddish, ruddy nose. Leather apron on. And he opens the door. "Aye, hello! Nice to meet you. What can I do for ye?" "I am, I am. Foreman of this here fine mine." "Oh, have you! From who?" "Really? Oh. All right. "Well, how can I be of service?" "Aye. Nasty lot. It always makes my weeks "that much more interesting." "Unfortunately, at least five or six." "Terrible kinds." He starts rubbing his chin for a little and goes, "We generally deal with the occasional goblin den "we stumble across when opening new tunnels. "That's part of the norm. "Other nasty underground beasties. "However, over this past few weeks, "we've seen some real nightmarish things slither "out of the shadows. "Many goblins stitched together, "like some kind of ball of screaming green lint. "Slimes and oozes that would mutate "and change color rapidly before seeming to dissolve "on their own. "Unstable-looking really, in their form." "If you will, aye aye." "Perhaps, but they're not undead, per se. "They're still alive. "At least from what we can tell. "Whatever agony face them in their physical form. "We even had one brief run-in with what looked "like a duergar that had swollen and sprouted eyes "and mouths all across his body. That was a sight." "Aye, duergar." And he spits to the side. "Filthy lost souls. "Dwarves of old that turned to a darker god. "Thankfully, they live far beneath the mountains, "and usually far north enough to not worry about it. "But one of them found its way up here, "in this strange, awful, maw-covered form. "It was terrifying. "And the smell! "Oh ho ho! "Anyway, we've even seen a few creatures from the surface "that normally aren't found down here as well, "which is strange. "They don't wander down. "Something's bringing them. "Weirdest thing." "Oh! And I just heard we had some weird, many-headed serpent thing that just got killed down there. "That was you!" And he steps onto his back leg, shifting his weight, and cocks an awkward eyebrow. "Really?" "Aye, I do." "Not within our mines. "They're usually well-guarded. Or, they were." "Of the mines? "Yeah, I do." He starts going through his notes here. It's kinda haphazardly scrawled across a piece of parchment, but he hands it over to you. "No, we've closed it off each time." "Oh no, we've had a few tunnels they've come through, "but we've managed to collapse those "and make sure they're not coming through again. "No no, not to my knowledge, at least. "I mean, most beasts we find are in one piece, "not several together. "It's a bit disturbing to be honest. "I told my nephew about it and he was crying for hours." LAURA and "Oh no, we've killed them as they come out each time." Right, they don't take anything back. "Not to the mine, this is all proprietary. "This is the business we run, so we don't have any internal "or secret entrances. "That would leave us open to a sort of a thief to come in and steal our mithril." "Oh, I highly doubt that, not with "the way our carvers are trained." "That's what I'm talking about. "Fine dwarven study." "Finest of military classes, aye. "Proud of 'em." "I had a cousin who was once a carver. "Raised him there. "His whole family brought him up on that side. "Military weapon training every day. "Couldn't come out and play with the rest of us. "I felt bad for him. "But he grew up to be a right nasty dwarf, aye." "Unfortunately, he was slain in one of the incursions. "That duergar I was telling you about. "But, such is the nature of the fighter, I suppose." "I appreciate that. "To be honest, he was kind of a bastard, but um-- "don't miss him too much. "But I appreciate the thought. "That's very kind of you." "I mean, still avenge him." "I'm not sure. "He had parents. "We were related somewhat. "I'm not gonna say too closely." "Ah, yes." Ah, yes. (group laughs) Not a short rest. It has to be a long rest. There you go. "Of course, I'm happy to." "It doesn't have to be last. "You're welcome to stay as long as you like. I don't get visitors to often up here in my booth." "Oh well, I have to stay here. "Work, at least for the next six hours." "Aye. "But I have some dried fruits. "I've got some meats inside. "I've got two chairs and you could fit in my lap," and he kind of pats you on the head. "Right." "Fair enough." Also, apparently my mic's a bit loud. If you can turn it down a bit for you guys. "Forget that, you heard nothing. "It's a strange echo in the caverns of Kraghammer. Anyway--" "Of course, anytime. "When we're not busy. "But when I'm not busy, you're welcome to come by." "Oh, I'll save a batch for you, you half-elf lass." "I saw, it was a good wink. "Aye. Made me tingle in my shoulders." "That might be the diabetes, but--" (group laughs) For those who are asking, that's West Country, is the accent. Cornwall. As far as you guys know, it's somewhere in the neighborhood of sunsettish afternoon. You can certainly check. House Thunderbrand? You later rested, shot arcane magic at the home of arcane magic in Kraghammer. There you go. Correct. You catch him with a handful of dried fruit, "Hmph! "Hi!" He reaches over and grabs this really awesomely intricate piece of clockwork on his desk. It's this brass, cylindrical piece that as he pulls out you hear this (tongue clicking), fring! And springs and things making strange whirring sounds. "Oh, I reckon it's about two hours from sunset." "As far as I know, aye. "Depending on the store." "Few hours." "You sure you don't want to stay?" "Goodbye." "Good luck." You hear the door open behind you, and he starts waving at you guys. "Stay safe!" The bag of holding, not so much a freezer. The mildly rotted turkey leg (imitates moist impact) across the floor. The remainder of what was once meat, now a slush sloughing off the bone as it slams across the stone floor. You see he immediately steps back and his face squints back. "It's the thought that counts." As he closes his door. Okay, that's really kind of you. "All right. Thank you kindly." He takes it from you with trepidation. You can see he probably hasn't encountered dragonborn often, and he's like, "Thanks." "Right." "Thank ye." Closes the door. Technically in character. You guys head to the House Thunderbrand. All right. So, Tiberius leads you to where it's residing. Once again you come upon what looks like a very out of place, very well-kept green lawn that stretches for a good 60 feet before you see this really beautiful-looking alabaster and gold building, slightly domed with these four towers to each corner, with these blue pointed crystals on top of each tower. He points out to you as you approach, there are a series of stone sigils carved into the stonework that surrounds the exterior of the lawn. Go ahead and make a perception check. What'd you roll? Rolled a one naturally? Best you can tell, stonework's pretty solid. Yeah. As you look about, it's hard to tell the nature. This looks just like a lawn with a well-framed stone exterior. But there's no fence. There's nothing keeping you from walking into the lawn and towards the building. No nature check required. There is no light source, other than the green rocks that generally permeate the interior of Kraghammer to give its kind of strange luminescent atmosphere. This kind of dull red glow that's around the entire city. Other than a couple of sparks of lantern light. There's no light source. I forgot that wasn't water. (coughs) From what you can see, There appears to be a large, almost like beachwood, Light wood double door in the front of the compound. So, you walk towards the grass. You step onto the walkway that leads towards the front of the building. As soon as you cross into the threshold where those stone sigils are, you make a dexterity saving throw. (Travis laughs) 12. So, as you pull your cloak around you and take a few steps to jaunt upwards, suddenly there's, you guys hear it. The strange (tongue clicking) sound, and a poof, poof of arcane blue energy kind of, just pulses around his feet. You instinctively begin to pull back, but as you do, there's a blast of blue electric energy that (imitates explosion), streaks out from all around you, shocking your body and throwing you about 15 feet back, straight onto your shoulders. You (imitates grinding) skid to a halt (imitates thud). You take... 14 points of lightning damage. Yes. Your muscles eventually relax. Okay. Go ahead and-- Let's see. Yeah, so we know what's going on. All right, make an arcana check. 13? Okay. As you concentrate and these kind of shimmering bands of arcane energy wave off your hands toward the enchantment, they impact and dissipate without effect. They seem to be. Okay, so you pull the flying carpet, Mary Poppins-style, out of the bag of holding. (imitates soft thud) Where do you create the unseen servant? Yeah. All right. So the distance unseen servant can be summoned-- I believe you may be able to actually summon it within the boundary of those arcane sigils. 60 feet, so yeah. You go ahead and you walk up to where that sigil is, you finish your spell, you cast unseen servant. Which he says every time. Every single time. You see this strange shift of air as some sort of humanoid form then materializes in the opposite side of this boundary and stands at your ready and command. It's about a 60 foot walk. It kind of saunters over. You guys see this kind of shifting, barely, barely visible form make its way up to the front door. In the distance, you hear a dull (knocking). Eventually, the door slightly opens. And you see a hunched figure with bright white, chalk-white hair, kind of look out the doorway, "Oh, where's he come from?" Looking at the form in front of him. Yeah. "That's where you come from. All right." Opens the door, comes out. You now see this dwarven figure hunched, very, very old, with a long, very, very well-crafted brass staff, looks like a black or purple gem at the top. Spectacles at the tip of its nose. And it begins to kind of shift its way over towards you. (breathes heavily) Eventually making its way. Yes. Walks right to the edge of the sigil. Puts his hand up, and the unseen servant vanishes. He goes, "So, you have my attention." He puts his hand up and there's no sound coming out of your mouth. (Travis laughs) "This is the one who would-be attacked our home abode not more than a few hours ago." "Apparently. He needs to learn respect for other people's property." "If you're looking to but trinkets and magical oddities-- "You've come to the wrong place. "This is a house of study. "This is where hardworking dwarves of arcane persuasion "put their lives towards pursuing-- "--the magical forms and fields that-- "I'm sorry." Your sound is back. Make a persuasion check. The dwarf gives you a disapproving brow shift and goes, "Look, I mean no disrespect. "But understand, this is a dwarven house "of arcane practitioning and study. "Don't see any dwarves among ya. "I think our business here is concluded." "If you're looking to buy stuff, we produce "and sell through the Value of Valor house of sale." "Bah! Challenge." Turns around. Saunters back. Looks at you. Smiles for a second as he looks at you and goes, "Ah, how nice to meet you. "Where are you from?" Roll a persuasion roll with disadvantage. (all talking and laughing) That's your first roll. Now roll again. No, you have disadvantage. Eight. He goes, "I've been practicing the arcane arts "for over 250 years. He raises his hand, and the Alter Self spell dissipates. Where stands Keyleth. "That's the first true thing you've said "since you've called me out of my home." No. It's a powerful wink, but not this powerful. Not the way this conversation's been going. 19. He glares at you two and goes, "I've said my piece. Good luck to you all." (group groans) He turns around and starts walking away. As he's still walking away, you hear him shout over his shoulder, "And when you bring them, then we'll talk!" "Till then, good day, and don't bother me when I'm eating." At which he shouts again at a booming, booming prestidigitation voice, "It's THUNDERBRAND!" You hear the door slam, boom! The Value of Valor. LAURA AND So after a bit of discussion, you manage to make your way around town. You eventually find your way to the Value of Valor, which is a-- (laughs) It's a stone building. Like reddish brick, it looks in construction. With fine purple-- (laughs) Fine purple tapestries in the front that show various battles of old dwarven history of two glowing enchanted permalight lanterns hanging from the front. And an entryway that is currently open and a warmly-lit interior welcomes you. Yes. All right. That's not what it's called. (group laughs) It's the Value of Valor guys, come on! (whines) A giant boulder falls out of nowhere and crushes Grog. (group laughs) You walk inside. There's not a lot of folks inside looking about the establishment. But there is one person sitting at the front desk, which is a beautiful long oak table with a red trim that hangs to the ceiling. Not a dwarf, actually. What you see there appears to be an elven individual, sitting at wait, hair pulled back behind the ears. Very, very slight, thin build. And smiles as you enter and says, "Welcome to my establishment, may I help you?" "Yes." "Well. "They didn't have one." (Travis and Sam laugh) "And I found there was perhaps money to be made "in starting one. "I've been here for over a hundred years." "Dwarves have a hard time "buying from those who are not dwarves. "But I've made my established connections with business individuals. "So, what can I help you with? "Of which intensity are you looking for?" "So looking for a superior healing potion." "I've only got two of those currently." "I can sell you the two superior healing potions." "Those will run you 1,500 gold pieces each." He gives you a keen look and says, "Tremaine." "Superior healing potions." "1500 gold pieces." "Very well." Make a persuasion roll. He says, "And I appreciate this perhaps offer. "Once you return from your mines--" "--with these magical accoutrements, you are more than welcome to bring them here, and we'll make a deal. He extends his hand to a shelf on the side labeled, "Dragon Parts." "And to answer your question, three." "What was your question, sir?" He gives you a very concerned look. Both of you. And he goes, And he goes, "I work in trade, meaning gold pieces for my wares." "If you have interest, purchase. "If not, I have other business to attend to." Greater. In the new edition. "The greater healing potions run 300 gold apiece." "So, three?" "So, five." "Seven." "Eight." "Anyone else require a moderate healing potion?" Pathfinder to 5E. As he pulls up his arcane calculator. "It is 27." "2700 gold pieces for your nine greater healing potions." He kind of glances over his shoulder and says, "Ah, we haven't had much a request for arrows in a while. "We have bolts for crossbows, as that seems to be the staple "for the carvers of the city. "I have two sleep arrows, perhaps, if that is "of interest to you." Arrows. (whispering and muttering) "All right, 500 gold. "With that, that is a total of 3200 gold pieces." "I don't believe I have, but should you come across one, "I would be interested to have a look." "If you don't mind." "Mm, potion of waterbreathing, I do happen to have." "Yes, I do." "I have four of them available, "and they run 500 gold apiece." "1000 gold. "That brings us to 4200 gold." "Yes." He gives you a keen look and goes, "We don't get many requests for this, "but I think this may fit you." And he reaches below and pulls up a fine piece of mithril chain, elven in make. Mm hm. He says, "Would you perhaps "be interested in this elven chain?" "Hm. "Chain does make a bit of a racket. "Might not recommend it, unfortunately." He goes ahead and accepts your gold. Go ahead and mark off 4200 gold for those. All right, very well. "Thank you for your patronage. "I look forward to hopefully having you back "when you return with whatever artifacts you manage to find." "Well of course, they come in rare ordinance in this city, it seems." You hear under his breath a little bit of a mutter. Apparently it's like elves don't like dwarves, it's weird. What would you like to put together? Interesting, okay. As you guys head back to the inn where you've rented rooms for the week, Which would be at the Iron Hearth Tavern. Balgus is not in the tavern, no. No, sorry. He's got a home. True. [bear noise] Trinket goes down begrudgingly. You find a couple of sacks of grain that can probably work. Okay, you think they're probably not gonna last the night with those bear claws. But you don't care, it's not your grain. Okay, Trinket is very happy. (imitates bear eating) Tears into some meat. You guys make it back to the tavern for an evening's rest. For you-- Go ahead and make a Tinker's Kit roll. For this, I would go ahead and make it an intellect modifier to your roll. 10? You spend and toil away for the next four or so hours trying to find a way to get this trigger to work. Twice you nearly sprain a finger. You manage seemingly get it to function, then the arrow itself splits and shatters. You can see there being something to it, but this night it's not gonna come to you. It was a terrible roll. All right. So you guys go to sleep. Wake up the next morning fully healed, spells restored, well rested and ready for the day. You think it's day. It's hard to tell. Still, this underground circumstance is really messing with you guys. All right. All right. You make your way down to the bottom ring of Kraghammer. To the mines proper. The miners have gone back to work, and from what you can see, there's just an all around crazy business with people cleaning out, still trying to clean out the ichor that's on the ground left over from the battle you guys had the day before. You make your way to the front of the mines, and immediately three of the carvers that are standing at the front approach as you begin to walk, and then upon noticing you, kind of like, step back and put their weapons to the side. Acknowledging the orders they received from Lord Greyspine. Trinket has come along with you. I assume Trinket comes with you unless you say otherwise. (laughs) No. (group laughs) They're busy working. You make your way into the mine proper. It goes back for a good 10 minutes of walking and of winding. You can see the actual track of the minetrack leading around. You come upon a couple of dwarves that look over their shoulders begrudgingly at you guys as you pass going, "Hey? Eh, shh," and go right back into mining whatever remains in the inside of this. It looks like this portion of the mine has been nearly picked clean. The dwarves that are in there are probably just wasting time to get their pay for the day. You go further back and eventually it opens up. I think I have the map available. Cool. We can put it on there perhaps. For the most part I'll be describing it as you go, so it's not too important. Yes. Following it, you get to a portion of the mine that is very busy. You can see, since this is probably one of the portions that wasn't collapsed in previous incursions buy whatever creatures these were, you get the feeling that this one has basically taken most of their workforce to try and find and carve a new vein. Or find a new path to pull things from. You get towards the portion where all these dwarves are working, and you notice that some of the doors have been shattered, knocked off the hinges. You imagine whatever creatures were barreling through before, this is probably where they came through. You look around. What are you looking for? That'd be more of an investigation roll. Okay. That'll be an investigation roll for you as well. All right. (loud thud) You are. You have just essentially started on that map. All right, you are--? A natural one. Oh man, this has turned completely back from the first game. You guys are failing consistently. Let's turn this around, let's turn this around. You make your way towards the supply room as you head to where it was. One of the dwarves is guarding it. Not a carver, just one of the miners that was hired for this purpose is standing there. Leads you into the door, kind of opening it for you, awkwardly going, "All right, whatever you're looking for, fine. "Go inside." Looking inside, there are just racks and racks and racks of pickaxes, shovels, utensils for the purpose of mining and constructing. There are wooden boards lying down. There are just giant barrels of nails and clipping utensils, and things that are used in the continuous expansion of a mine. Elevator can pretty much hold all of you guys. All right. As you guys are walking over to where the elevator is, you do notice there are two places in the mines where there is just large piles of rubble. And part of the ceiling has collapsed. You can see that there were portions where the mine expanded much deeper into the mountain that were detonated or collapsed in the idea of preventing any further incursion by whatever these creatures are pouring through. You also can see that there are some dwarven corpses being loaded out from the mine below, as well as goblin corpses, individuals that were caught in the attack that happened yesterday before it managed to emerge from the mine. And you do so quite quickly (spits). It's rapid, it's amazing. All right. So that heads away from the elevator. There's a spiral staircase on the map. On the lower right hand side. That's where they're coming from. It seems to. All right. You guys go ahead and approach the elevator. It's a large wooden platform with a series of chains. My terrible, hastily drawn map there for you. Yeah, I know. It was actually more designed as a DM utensil, but you guys needed a map-- --so I gave you my map. So I'm taking it back. (group laughs) It's-a mine. No, I'm keeping it. It's all right. So you get back to the elevator. There's a large 15 by 20 platform with a series of chains and there are two dwarves in the back that run a giant iron wheel. As you approach, they kind of give you a look, like, "Well, are you serious about going down?" [Travis, Laura, and Marisha] Yeah. As the winch begins to release, it-- Trinket is a little nervous. As the light spell bursts out from his staff. You all kind of have to cover your eyes for a second. But the lower area is opened up. (imitates loud thudding) You guys hit the bottom floor. You step off the platform, and you can see there is a secondary minecart that leads from this elevator that curves to the left and leads deeper into the mine proper. To the right of you is the spiral staircase. And you can see now two of the other miner dwarves are dragging a dead body across. (laughs) You can attempt another investigation check. Investigate. Investigate. But you advantage on the roll, because you're a ranger, tracking. 17, alright. So as you guys are going to ask somebody about this, your ranger gets down and begins inspecting the floor. Where you can see there were struggles that apparently occurred. You can see slash marks on the ground. You can see bodies, or the impacts of bodies where some of these dwarves have been pulled away. A few minutes later, you can see tracks, dwarven tracks, of bodies being pulled and dragged, not in the direction they're going, but further down the tunnel. As you look and follow that track, you notice that maybe a good 200 feet to the left of the cavern, there is a new tunnel breach that is currently open. About a 20 by 15 size tunnel that is fresh and blasted out from the other side. You can see rubble and rocks strewn across the floor. All right. With his light spell, it's fairly bright. Otherwise, it's fairly dim. And it does echo. Grog, Grog, Grog, Grog. (faintly) Grog-Grog. Grog. Following the tracks, you can see the dragging of the bodies does indeed go in the direction, and into the newly carved tunnel. In this mine network. What you do notice is the dwarves' bodies that are being dragged away you can see footprints of those that are also pulling them aside. You kind of figure out the idea of the pattern of the footsteps that are leading in that direction. Most of them are also dwarven in shape. So, there are, you can gather, dwarven feet dragging dwarven bodies deeper inside. However, there are two bodies that are being dragged with no footprints whatsoever. From the dragging marks, there is no blood. There's no signs of them dragging dead bodies off, at least. No, there's no struggle either. The walls here for this tunnel are about 15, 20 feet in width. And about 10, 15 feet high. No. All right. You push further in. (Liam imitates sword being drawn) --of following this tunnel with little variation. Steadily declining and winding as it progresses. Three hours go by. This tunnel goes extremely deep. Whatever managed to dig its way up here came from pretty far under this mine. Nope, no change in physicality. No sign of struggle. Yeah. All right, go ahead and roll a stealth check. All right, there we go. Your luck is changing now. You feel pretty stealthy. You guys look like, wait, where the hell did Vax go? About four hours-- No. It is still. It is stagnant air. (Laura coughs) Even more stagnant now. Four hours of traveling deeper into this tunnel's path until-- As the four hour mark of travel into this tunnel presents itself, the tunnel finally widens and opens. As the sound of distant water rushing reaches your ears. As Tiberius steps into this opening, the light cascades into this new cavern. A large, beautiful open space presents itself, a good 100-foot-up ceiling. From what you can see, a roaring river is now pouring out of the nearby rock, cascading over a cliffside into a waterfall down into this deeper, giant cavernous space. The tracks continue in the direction of that river. You detect no magic. You roll stealth. Let's go ahead and take a bio break-- --as the mystery begins to unveil. (group laughs) Be back here in about five, ten minutes, folks. So keep an ear out. We'll be right back. And everyone runs off to take care of their business. All right. (Marisha speaks gibberish) (laughs) Hopefully more to come down the road. We'll have more fun things for you guys. So, anyway. So, bringing it back to the game at hand. As you've stepped into this large, cavernous space, you can hear the rush of water as the underground river begins to turn into a waterfall and drifts into a smaller body of water. It's just out of sight beyond this cliff face. Into this open, cavernous area. You guys also stealthed, and what did you roll for stealth? 17, got it. All right. All right. As you guys step into this space, there are sections of large rock, portions of stone that just jut out and block off portions from your view of this area. Giant stalagmites and stalactites that just permeate the entirety of this cavern, which has been long, just building and building with elements drawn from the ceiling, from the waters that flow through. You also faintly see a light source-- --behind one of those rock pillars in the distance. Make a perception check. 18? You hear a very, very faint sound in the distance. (sharp noise) That's not the sound. Tiberius. Yes you do. You hear a (clicks tongue quickly) (continues clicking) It's hard to tell at this point, it seems to be just kind of loosely atmospheric. The very, very faint light you see, no. It's adjacent to the water to the right of you. (continues clicking) Okay. You both creep forward. Pitch darkness falls upon all of you. Do they? All right. So. Go ahead and roll a perception check. Light, light light, light light. As you glance about in cave bear form, you look up and all you can make out is shifting movement across the ceiling. (group groans at once) And both dislodge. All of you hear two loud, cacophonous, thunderous slam sounds-- (imitates loud thudding) --on the ground next to you-- (screeching noise) All right. There is a surprise round. All right. So you guys are stealthed off to the side there. There's Trinket. That's what I do. So there's the water there, rushing off into the waterfall that goes further down. The waterfall is right here. So the river kind of pours over, falls into the water below. There are some of these large rock elements here. You cannot tell what's beyond this area, which is where the light source is coming from. (imitates thudding) They are. (group screams) You've had one brief run-in with a single umber hulk in the past. They respond to the something. So this one shifts up over there, and this one moves up to there. Gleans past you, as it does not notice you. This one comes towards you, Percy. Attacking you with each of its claws and its mandibles. The first strike comes at you with a 13 to hit with its first claw. What's your AC? You, woomf, just manage to dodge out of the way as these giant-bladed claws sweep next to your face. The second strike comes to you at a 21. All right, so the claw finds purchase across your torso. (imitates claw slicing) The armor catches most of it. However, the slash does leave an impact on you, as you can feel the taste of iron in the back of your throat. You suffer nine points of slashing damage. And just as you pull back the mandibles, time to crunch down upon you. And that is going to be a 27 to hit. You take 14 points of slashing damage, as the mandibles slice down, clamping onto your shoulder. You manage to pull free, but in doing so, you wrench the pointed portions of the mandible across your shoulder, pulling open the flesh in this horrible jagged pattern. That brings us to the other one, who is attacking Grog. All right, so go ahead and roll your d8 to reduce his attack roll. d8. All right. That would have been a 20 to hit. That brings it to a 17. So, as you begin singing out, as it pulls back with-- --its mandibles to strike at Grog, it (clicks) looks off to you for a second, goes back, at which point Grog has put his axe up to its face and is holding it at bay. As its mandibles are tied in with its blades, and the handle of the axe is trying to hold it back. It strikes at you with its two claws, Grog. That is going to be a 27. And a 14. Okay, then from the one claw that gets you, you take six points of slashing damage. All right everyone, roll initiative. (group groans) All right, so, 25 to 20? 24. Nice, we got some Vex up top. 20 to 15 anyone? All right, got some Scanlan up there. 17, 17. Percy, Keyleth. 15. Wait, uh, 14? 14. Grog and Tiberius. All right, cool. Top of the round. Vex. Before you do that-- As you're going to reach back, you look over into its strange, glistening, black, dead, insect-like eyes of the umber hulk, and you feel this strange wave of mental confusion hit your head. Go ahead and make a-- Go ahead and make a saving throw. This is going to be charisma saving throw. So you roll d20, add your charisma saving throw at the top of your character. Okay, so it's 13. All right. The wave of confusion takes hold over your brain. (group groans) We're gonna go ahead and find out what happens. (Laura groans) All right-- You reach for it, and you space out for a second. Your hands fall to your side. And you stand there. Trinket is looking for some sort of cue from you of what to do. No, but Trinket's looking to you for some sort of direction and is getting none. This is a very clustered space, too. Can barely see you over this. I know. Doesn't matter if you're stealthed. He couldn't see you, but you could see him. Okay. (Travis Laughs) Are you averting your gaze from the guys, or are you looking at 'em directly? This is confusion. I don't think-- Mm. This is technically a confusion effect. So yeah. So as you finish your song, you're like-- Doesn't seem to be having an effect unfortunately. Okay. Just go ahead and roll, feeling him. That's a d4 plus five. Yeah, you got it. Percy. You heal-- It's a four. So you heal nine hit points, and it's your turn. What do you got, Percy? You are right here in front-- So averting your gaze, you take a shot. You are at disadvantage on the attack roll. Just disadvantage. Yeah. All right. Okay. Roll again, as you have disadvantage. Because you're not looking at it directly. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage. 14 points of ice damage. Nice. Okay, also at disadvantage. Okay. So as you go to fire, it's like you-- (imitates gun firing) fire the first shot averting the gaze. And you feel the actual metal get extremely cold, and you have you have to shake it out like, aw, damn it. Okay, so your action is just trying to fix the gun? All right. That brings us to-- Keyleth. Just as a note, your inspiration dice that you give can be used on saving throws as well. No. You are a bear, which I will, for the sake of this, give you the kitty. Minxie is the form, but you are a bear. Okay. Okay. So fog cloud. The entire space, it's a 20 foot radius? I believe, if I recall from the one he did yesterday. Everybody gets obscured vision. Well to cast, you have to get out of creature form, remember? So you're a bear. All right, so you move up to there. Go ahead and do your full round of attacks. Okay, are you averting your gaze or not? Darkvision means you can see in the dark. You are a bear. I'm eating at his leg. I'm not looking at his eyes. I'm not, like, waxing poetically at how sexy he is. I know. That's true. Make a charisma saving throw. Yes. (Travis laughs) 16? You can feel the oppression of the umber hulk's gaze, but you shrug it off, your bear mind not affected by the measly tricks and traits-- -of these strange underground entities. Roll for your four attacks. 14 misses. (group laughs) Yeah. Hits. Also hits. 20 damage. Nice. All righty. So, as you shake off the effect, you reach for it, lashing out, two large strikes. The second one gets a distinct carve into the back of the umber hulk's hide. You can see a portion of its chitinous back armor gets kind of pulled off in a chunk. And it (snarls), reels back from the impact and readies itself for a second round of attacks. There you go. They go. This one turns towards and moves this way to focus on the cave bear that just thrashed against its hide. While this one turns and moves in towards Grog. But now turns and sees the-- actually no. It stays there, fixed to Grog. So making its multi-strike against you, Keyleth. That is a 26 to hit. That's mandibles. 17 to hit with its claw. And 18 to hit with its claw. All right, so you take six points of slashing damage from the first claw. Eight points of slashing damage from the second claw. And then the mandibles deal fifteen points of slashing damage, as the umber hulk just turns to you, and as a reaction to your assault-- The last one was 15. Just unleashes an array of strikes against you. (Matt growls) That brings us to the other one who's attacking you, Grog. That is a 12 to hit. Pretty sure misses. Another 12 to hit, 'cause it likes to roll fours, apparently. For the mandibles, it's a 20. You're taking damage, fool. That is 18 points of slashing damage against you. You haven't raged yet. You haven't raged yet! It isn't your turn yet. I know. You're about to be so angry. You're gonna be so angry. 18 points of slashing damage. The mandibles crush down on your body, and you can feel them pierce into your chest. Your exposed musculature is then torn in a jagged form as you feel the blood begin to pour down the front of your torso. That ends their turn. Vax. Go for it. That hits. That one, that's the one! Yeah. He doesn't know you were there, you were stealthed. Not in his face. Not in his face. It's back. Three, okay. Okay, so, as you leap on its back, grab purchase on one of its chitinous plates, bring your first dagger forward and jam it into the side of its head, as it pulls back, you hear a (snarling) as it reacts to the immediate pain and begins to reach one of its claws to try and knock you off. As you do, you put the blade back into your belt, grab with your other hand, pull your other dagger, and slam it into the other side of its head. This time it shrugs you off, and you manage to just land on your feet barely, behind it, still faced away from you. That brings us to Grog. (Travis grunts) Rage. Okay. Okay. All right. All right, I'm gonna check one thing real fast. I will say, situationally, because of the fact that your rage that you have advantage on the saving throw against the confusion effect. [Marisha and Laura] Oh. Your mind is so filled with aggression. So make charisma saving throw. Yep. Roll again, you have advantage. Let's see what happens. So-- (group groans) --as you rage-- --you feel the influence of the umber hulk's gaze pierce your eyes and the fury fills you, and you reach out and slash with your axe. However, it does not reach for the umber hulk. Go ahead and roll an attack, Grog. There's a loud clanging sound, as a giant, angry, swooping bladed greataxe misses Tiberius's head by inches. Before slamming into the stone right up against the side of the wall. You can just see now this kind of loose, crazed look in his eye. (growls maniacally) Tiberius, you're up. No, that's your turn. Cast Dispel Magic? Okay. No, it is a magical force. Forced to make a save. Go head and make an arcana check. (Sam and Laura sing along with tense background music) 17. The chaotic influence in your brain begins to dissipate, and the rage-filled gaze begins to fill your eyes once again, this time clarifying on the umber hulk in front of you. So, the stone beneath Tiberius's feet rises up, creating a column fifteen feet above the rest. He is now raised on a platform. I'll put him right there. Looking down upon the battlefield. All right, Vex, you're up. Are you looking at it, or are you averting your gaze? Well, the confusion only lasts one turn. This here? This here? This is rock. This is about 25, 30 feet up. And this is where the light source is coming from. You can't look over that way. Okay. (Taliesin and Marisha imitate birds) You shooting this one? For ranged, you would not get a bonus for that unfortunately. So are you shooting at the one behind you? This one? Okay, all right. So, make your attacks with a disadvantage, as you're kind of keeping your eyes back and shooting in its general direction. Plus, eleven? Hits. You do, yes. Yep. That also hits, yeah. So both attacks hit. Did you want to use your bonus action for anything? All right, so you throw Hunter's Mark on this umber hulk there. But you're like, you're my quarry, ugh. Keeping your eyes back. You go ahead and pull your first and second arrow, (imitates bow firing arrows), letting them loose, kind of letting a little bit of faith take your arrows to the wind. Both finding purchase on your foe. You can, yes. So total damage of...? Nice! (Liam imitates arrows firing) All right. Anything you wanna do with...? Trinket. He would have to use one of your attacks to do that. Trinket's just hanging out. No healer this week. What could possibly go wrong? Scanlan, you're up. All right. What's the DC, the difficulty class on your spells? 17, alright. 19. So, as the two umber hulks are there, the one that's in the center of the group, (snarls). --snail form on the ground. There's a tiny, tiny little snail on the ground now that looks very confused. Very confused, which is ironic for an umber hulk, to feel confused. Next'll be Percy. d8. Percy, you're up. (Sam imitates flutes) Gotta do my app. You're inspired. So, who are you shooting? Averting your gaze? Right. So go ahead and fire at disadvantage. 14 with the disadvantage will miss, unfortunately. (imitates gun firing) The fire shot arcs off into the distance-- Add the inspiration dice. 17 will just barely hit. (group cheers) 17 fire damage, nice. Okay, you hear the shot hit, and you hear a cracking sound as one of its plates actually freezes and shatters off of its body, exposing kind of a fleshy undercarriage. This umber hulk is starting to look a little rough. That brings us to the top of-- Do you want to move or stay where you are? Back here. There? Okay, good. All right, that brings us to-- Laser pointers, we have use. Keyleth, you're up. KEYLETH Okay, after seeing Grog get confused, I turn, and I go straight for his throat. And I'm trying to drag him into the creek. TRAVIS and Okay. Okay, so go ahead and roll for a grapple. Does anyone else-- Can I have the book real fast? Just to be sure we know how we're doing this. It's a contest, yes. So you can make a grapple attempt in place of one of your attacks. All right. So it is an athletics check. No, you use the bear's stats. Right, what's the strength? Yeah. Yeah, roll the dice, add plus five. (group cheers) Natural 20. (clapping) You reach forward and latch onto it with your claws and your teeth, onto the umber hulk. Alright. So that's your first attack. You can go ahead while it's grappled and attack with the other strikes. Okay. You pull. (imitates thudding) You both plunge underneath the water's surface. Take a big old breath right beforehand, and I'm going underwater. It's now its turn. It's going to try and break your grapple. 20, okay. You maintain your grip on the umber hulk. It's thrashing in the water trying to get its way to the surface. (snarls) Still slashing about. So it's gonna make its attacks against you. 14 hits you? Well no, you keep your armor class. I'm pretty sure. Nah, let's see real fast actually on this one. Exactly. Here we go. You gain the scores-- It's 12 plus-- it's whatever the 12 is, plus your proficiency modifier, I think is what it is. For now, we'll say it hits. 'Cause I don't wanna hold this up. No, you gain its armor class. Yeah, you do. Yeah, it hits you. All right. Second strike. That's also gonna hit you. All three hit you. You take six points of slashing damage. 11 points of slashing damage. And 6, 11, 17-- Total of 26 points of slashing damage. So you lose your grip as your form reverts. You are now back to Keyleth's form in the water. No, because you used your actions to grapple it. So you're now just back in the Keyleth form, underwater. You catch your breath and realize you're now underwater in near darkness with an umber hulk right on you. Vax, you're up. Over here? All right. Go ahead and roll a ranged attack. So just roll, add dexterity. 18? You throw, it arcs over. Lands in the water. (imitates water sucking) Goes under into the waterfall. No, he threw the snail over the waterfall. That's an attack. It's the world's easiest grapple throw. Correct. Make an acrobatics check, try to tumble through them. Yeah, you're fine, and where do you wanna go? Well, it was the attack to throw it. You would have your second off-hand. Well, you have disadvantage 'cause it's currently in the water thrashing about, and it's hard to see. Well, that's not very good. 15. Grog, you're up. Go ahead and make your three attacks, Grog. (Liam sings opening notes to "Under the Sea") 26 hits. Hits. Hits. Go ahead and roll damage, Grog. As you come charging forward, just (grunts), leaving bits of foam cascading off the side of your mouth. Your eyes just glazed over with white. You bring the axe down into the water, form towards where the splashing is. Keeping mindful that Keyleth might be in there somewhere. But you're very much see the larger form in the field, so. Yeah, so damage on the first strike? Eight, 16, that's 24. 34. Okay. You help Keyleth out of the water. At this point, the snail form, which doesn't have a whole lot of hit points, has taken enough damage to alleviate itself from the polymorph. As the spell fades, as the snail form is destroyed, the other umber hulk begins clawing its way up the side of the mountain, burrows through the actual stonework-- --(imitates explosion) and bursts out of the ground right behind you, Vax. (imitates explosion) But that's its turn. All right, that brings us to the top of the round. Tiberius. Okay, roll for it. Roll for the attacks. Yep, any directed spell like that you have to roll and add your spell range modifier. What'd you roll? Disadvantage, so. You rolled an 11 total? Yeah, you miss. So, as you aim your firebolt (imitated fire shooting) You're just averting your gaze, and it jumps over and arcs through the rest of the carvern, lighting it as it goes like a flare. That leads to Scanlan. Actually no, Vex is up and then Scanlan, sorry. You, you. Go for it. So two arrows, notched. (imitates arrows firing) Disadvantage on each attack. 20 hits. Go ahead and roll for the second attack. Both hit. Go ahead and roll damage on each. The other one was, yeah. But you could switch over your hunter's mark. With your bonus action. So a total of? 24 points of damage. All right, got you. (imitates arrows flying) The arrows end up piercing part of the armor. Each sink in a good, solid six, seven inches or so. It angrily (wet snarling) at the impact, but it wasn't enough force to send it back at all. But it knows exactly where you are. That brings us to Scanlan. All right. So, because you're kind of averting your gaze to look away-- No, because you don't roll to attack. But it gets advantage on its saving throw because of that aspect. Arcs out from your fingers. (imitates lightning) 28, okay. 14 points of damage to the umber hulk as the bolt of lightning cascades through its body. It lights up for a second as you see the crawling fingers of electricity kind of shoot through its plates. Indeed. As the bolt grounds itself, the rest of the water on its form evaporates from the sheer force of the electricity. You see the umber hulk still standing. Angry, in pain, and standing, although it's still looking a little worse for wear. You don't wanna do that to an umber hulk. (group laughs) Percy, you're up. That was the disadvantage? Awesome, that hits. All right. Well done. It's for attacks, skills, and saving throws, not for damage. 11 points of damage from the first one. Correct, yeah. Okay, it's 11 points damage. Gotcha. So, as you rear back your shot (imitates gun firing) it resounds. It hits the plate, shatters it on the other side of its chest. You can now see this weird purplish goo beginning to spill from its wounds. You see it's holding itself up, and it's having a hard time keeping physical form there. Keyleth, you're up. Call lighting it is. Yeah, it gets a bonus on its saving throw, though. Or advantage. Which it makes. 3d10. All right, go for it. It is no longer outdoors-only. 11 damage to the umber hulk. Which is halved. He made a saving throw, to a six. Yeah. It's now its turn. It turns and runs past, to the one who shot it with the angry lightning bolt. (Travis laughs) Reaching back with both of its claws, swiping at you Scanlan, that is a 23 to hit. 25 to hit. Yep. You take 13-- 24. 38 points of slashing damage. This is the sound I make. (high-pitched wail) (group laughs) That brings us to Vax. 27 hits definitely. It is considered flanking, because Scanlan is there. Oh yes. How do you want to do this? (group yells triumphantly) As it's looming over Scanlan who's on his back, it's tearing into him and starting to gut him best it can. He's screaming from beneath. You rush underneath, tumble, bringing your dagger up and slam it right under the bottom of its abdomen. As you do it, (snarls), looks down towards you and right before its gaze can meet yours, you yank back with all your might, basically scissoring and jagged drawing the blade up the back of its body. As you do it, (imitates vomiting) leaps forward. It's now-soft torso and belly left open from the armor plates being shot off, spills a number of its warm innards right onto Scanlan's body and form. And then it collapses on top of him.. You take six points of crushing damage as the umber hulk collapses on top of you. Okay. For which spell is this? Cure Wounds, level two? 2d8 plus five. You roll. So, as you heal him, touch him with the spell, you wipe the umber hulk ichor off of your hand. That's, uh... okay. So, you still hear the rushing of the water down below. You now stand at this portion of the cavern, the dull glow in the distance of some sort of light source in that direction. The rest of the caverns opens up this way. Grog goes running. Grog, who's interested. All right, you guys head out. Eventually, you come around the corner to see what looks like a campfire. It looks like a setup with a small bundle of, what looks like bedding. There's a campfire set up. It's mostly out at this point. Like there's still a little bit of a flame flicker to it, but it's just embers for the most part. Does not appear-- Grog starts hacking away at the bedding. (Travis grunts) (arrows whooshing) Three crossbow bolts come flying out of nowhere-- --two hitting Grog. Grog, you take seven points of piercing damage, which is halved to four because you're raging. As you can see what looks like three small-- And some strange beast you've not seen before seems to be accompanying one of them. It looks like an oversized, swollen brain with a set of claws. It's just like a large brain with a set of arms and legs like a panther. Going off the same intiative order. They've gone. Yes, I know. So you haven't been seen, and you have the first action. They are, yes. If you'd like to. Well if you dash as your action-- Well you can dash as your action, but dash is your, basically a double move. So you move and use your action to move as well. That's all you'll be able to do. Okay. Just wait. Okay. All right. Tiberius. You hear Grog go, "Ugh!" You jump off your pillar. Saunter over here? It's a giant raised stalagmite. It's about 25 feet tall. All you see is Grog standing with three bolts sticking out of his chest now. Anything else, Tiberius? Gotta keep this moving. Do you want to use your full round to move? Cause that's as far as you can move currently. Actually you can move two more. All you see is Grog over there. Uh, you can attempt to. You're at disadvantage on the stealth roll, but go for it. All right, so we'll say you're pulled off to the side there. The stealth twins over there being all stealthy-like. No one can see what's going on with them. It's like they're related. That's your turn. Scanlan. You can go that far. Okay. Best you can see, and you haven't really seen where they are, so you're kind of like, oh, you have the idea that perhaps they're over in that vicinity on the bolts around there. So you can cast over in this area, which is the only thing you have view of. This is a big rock right there, yeah. Okay, that's about where you can go. All right, so (hisses), a giant-- --green, ass cloud-- --begins to fill this space here. As it does, they all begin to hack and cough. You can hear this now between the rest of you, echoing throughout.  Constitution saving throws. Everything in the cloud.   All them are failing.  All right. You hear a cacophonous amount of hacking, coughing, as all of them drop their attack stances and begin just retching, nearly vomiting, in the middle of this green cloud of gas. Yes, greater. Okay, greater heal potion is 4d4 plus four. All right, that brings us to Percy. Okay, good. All right. That brings us to Keyleth. Okay. Correct. Wait, you're gonna use Wall of Stone to try and push that back? All right. So how it works is, Wall of Stone, you can create a wall of stone, but it cannot occupy the space of a creature. So you will not be able to push them back, unfortunately. But you could lock them into an area, if that's what you wanted to do. It's the nature of the spell, guys. All right. You don't have view of any of them right now, unfortunately. Okay. That'll be your turn. You moved twice. You had to get a long distance. Yeah, because you were back here. Sorry. All right, so. And what's the DC again of your spell? 19. All right. All three of the-- and you can now get a view of them. They are dwarven, but their skin is ashy and grey. Their eyes are white and pupil-less. And they are all on the verge of vomiting right now. They're both just keeling over. One of them tries to bring a crossbow up, and (imitates vomiting) has to put it back down again. They are unable to act this turn. The weird brain creature, however-- It moves out of the cloud, looks over at you Grog. And just bears down for a second. And you feel this... intrusion in your mind. Go ahead and make an intelligence saving throw. Alright. You suffer nine points of psychic damage as there's a sudden blast of excruciating pain in the center of your brain. It actually shakes you a moment from your rage, which then fills your mind once again. Also, you suffer-- --8 points of intelligence damage technically. You immediately fall unconscious. (Laura gasps) Your intelligence is brought to zero. That brings us to-- (Matt laughs) Tiberius. Yes, you're Tiberius. You just watched Grog just go (groans) and fall to the ground. Almost into the campfire. All right. Yes, you can from there. The brain fucker's official name. Okay. Single targeted beam. Makes its saving throw. What's your DC? It just rolled a 17, yeah. It makes the saving throw. So half damage. It's embers, yeah. 21, 22, 23. 24, 26, 27, 22. 29 damage. As you put your arms out, you focus this blast of just freezing cold arcane energy that slams into the side of this brain creature. As it does, you see it begins to freeze its entire body. As it reaches up and tries to climb up it solidifies and then shatters into a hundred million pieces. (group cheers) Lisa Loeb and then the nine intelligence damage. All right. So the brain just (imitates shattering) cascades across the ground. And thank God. Vex, you're now seeing three dwarves retching and coughing over, kind of looking about very nervously. On this one here? Yeah, you can move to there and get a line of sight. That hits. Okay. Good remembering. 11, all right. All right. So a total of...? (imitates arrows flying) "Ugh!" The hacking, coughing duergar dwarf is like, (coughs) One in the shoulder, and the other shoulder. And it looks like that you, (inhales sharply) As it inhales a big old whiff of horrible stinking cloud gas, the arrow (imitates arrow flying) through its throat and out the back of its head. Falls flat on its back. The other ones look nervously about. One of them's just coughing out, saying something in Undercommon. (speaks in angry gibberish) You do? You hear him say, "Quick, there's our exit! "Back, back to the master." All right. That brings us to Scanlan. No. No, this happening just as you heard them. Yep. Then I'll just move further into the cavern there. And I don't know that this works, but I'll try to cast Dispel Magic on Grog. So you go ahead and you focus, you cast Dispel Magic in Grog's vicinity. You see the shift of arcane, waving energy. It does not seem to have an effect. You think at this point, Grog isn't unconscious. Grog is catatonic. Grog has no intelligence. There is nothing home. You see him, on the ground, drooling, eyes glazed over. There is nothing there. I think the chat room's catching on for those who know D&D well. It's all right. So that ends Scanlan's turn. Percy. Your laser? Point your laser? (Liam imitates ray gun) It's a tough call, he has cover. You can still see him. Then you can ignore three-quarters cover, which he has. So, yes. Okay. Okay. So go ahead and roll disadvantage on this attack. Or do you want to just do subdual damage, which is what you're doing? It's a normal attack, there's no penalty to it. Mm hm. 25 points of damage. All right, you run around the corner, pull the gun out, and aim at this like-- (coughs) Where you look now, you see this ghastly looking, evil, female-looking grey-skinned dwarf. Looks over at you and (gasps) reacts and goes for her weapon. As you do, you let loose and fire straight into her shoulder, blasting through most of her shoulder, exposing bone. It's not a deahtblow, but you see she has been incapacitated. Keyleth, you're up. That dwarf survived. With one hit point. All right, go for it. First off, make a constitution save, 'cause you stepped into a stinking cloud. Unless you wanna move back here. There you go. Laser pointer. 22 points of damage. All right. So the bolt streaks from the cloud in the sky, slamming into this other duergar. As it sparks into the ground, you see bits of stone get thrown up from the sheer force of the bolt, doing a sincere amount of damage to it. Not enough to finish it, but it looks very, very fucked up. You can see part of its face is charred now, and it's reeling from the blast. Probably blew out its eardrums from the cacophonous blast of the thunder. That's your turn. It's now both of their turn. They both failed their saves with a two and a four. They're both still hacking and coughing in the stinking cloud. Uh, go bards. Vax, you're up. Correct, so all here. Okay. Go ahead and make a constitution check. With advantage, because you're holding your breath. Roll a d8 to add to it. So, as you rush in the cloud, (breathes deeply) you run in, pull your daggers out, and because this isn't a natural cloud, the arcane force puts it in your nostrils and you can't help yourself. (coughs) Your turn immediately ends as you begin feeling your lunch retching up into your stomach. Okay. That brings us to Grog. You are a-- You are brain-dead. (group laughs) Tiberius, you're up. Both of them are pretty weak right now, actually. So you can step over Grog, get around here, you mean? There? All right. Go ahead and roll for the attack. 14. Unfortunately does not hit. You aim, and it manages to just pull out of the way. Vex. You're up. Yes. There you go, yeah. Pull back-- (imitates bow shooting arrow) Roll to attack. That hits, go ahead and roll damage. That's enough. As the arrow (imitates arrow flying), careens off, slams into the chest. (groans) It catches itself, steps back, and plummets off the side of the cliff onto the lower floor about 20 feet down. Smack, onto the ground. You yell out, (speaks angry gibberish)! (Laura speaks angry gibberish) Eight? It rolled a one. (group cheers) Yeah. Nope, we're picking up next week. We'll say for the circumstance here, you go ahead and spend a healing spell on him. His wounds mend, no effect on his catatonic state. (group groans) Well guys, that's episode two of Critical Role. (laughs) I hope you enjoyed it. Remember to tell your friends to come watch. We'll be back next week, Thursday at 700. I know the schedule said seven to nine. We usually run a little later. Because D&D and why not? It says seven to nine in the schedule, but we consider seven to ten. But yeah, hope you guys had fun. Thank you so much for watching. Hope we will have our donations up next week. Feel free to check it out. This is Zac, our amazing master of all awesomeness on this Twitch channel. Hey Zac, what's going on? Thank you, thank you. Yeah, I know. You go, Nyal. We'll get you your stuff. Yes yes, let's go do that. Okay, cool. Sorry buddy. There you go, rock it out. Awesome. Spin tunes. Thank you guys for watching.