Hey, everyone. Sorry about that little issue there. But thank you for your patience. I appreciate that. Going back over what had transpired previously. So the party was hired to go into Kraghammer seeking Lady Kima of Vord, who is a renowned folk hero, a halfling paladin of much renown, following Bahamut, the Platinum Dragon of justice and good, who went on a vision quest, apparently seeing some sort of evil brewing beneath Kraghammer, and went on her own to seek it and destroy it. Hasn't been seen for many weeks-- months, even -- since. And so the party has then gone into Kraghammer to attempt to locate her. After some conversing, some brawling, some interesting circumstances, they found information that she disappeared into the Mithril mines just underneath the lower circle of Kraghammer. They've since battled a few creatures, apparently these strange monstrosities are coming out of the mines recently. And they've had dwarven miners being taken and disappearing. They charged into the mines, found one of the series of tunnels that had broken into the mines from some other source, encountered a few umber hulks, were ambushed by some duergar, which are subterranean, dark, ashen grey-- -- messed-up dwarves and an intellect devourer, which proceeded to blast Grog, reduce his intelligence to zero, and leave him catatonic and brain-dead. And that's where we left off. But we'll pick up that in a second. Let's go ahead and continue our introductions. We had Taliesin, now we have Marisha-- Mm-hm. Orion? Yeah. Esquire. Yes, the third. He's really, really good. Yeah. Liam, who is not here yet, but will be here shortly but-- He is peeing, and what's-- And when he returns we'll get to his introduction as well. And Ashley Johnson, who has missed the last couple of games because she's been filming, when she returns will be playing Pike. Who is a cleric. Our gnome cleric. Liam's arrived! Huzzah! Exactly! It's okay, we've had technical difficulties, so. Before we start too, just a couple quick announcements. A couple cool games that have come out recently that some of us have been involved with. Today was the launch of Pillars of Eternity, a completely awesome kind of successor to Baldur's Gate. Both me and Liam are part of that as well. Those who are playing through, I voice Aloth and Adair. Liam, if you remember any characters you voiced in it. The guy. He voices the guy. We're scattered throughout the game so just-- If you can't get enough of us here, you'll be really hating our voices by playing through that. And then also, Orion-- Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Yeah, it's legit awesome. So a lot of cool, exciting things. Yeah. That's right! Congrats! All right. Well, guys, let's go get down to brass tacks. So, last we left off, in a subterranean cavern with a deep underground river flowing through it. Pitch darkness. You managed to survive a conflict with two umber hulks, thanks to Polymorph and some good tactics. However, Grog then charged headlong towards a light source-- turned out to be a campfire across the way-- where he walked into an ambush by a few duergar which began shooting him with crossbow bolts. And an intellect devourer made him brain-dead. You guys-- Kind of, that's okay. Grog owns it-- as you can see by his glasses. So. (all laugh) So. We're beginning now as Grog has collapsed, face down on the ground, drooling. The last of the duergar have been blown off the cliff or destroyed. You all rush in, and find Grog not moving, not responding, not anything. You slap him. You slap him. You slap him. No response. Okay. A 19 on the medicine? Okay. A thorough goliath cavity search later-- You find some stray gold pieces. The goliath physicality's a little difficult. Looking over him, and there's very little physical damage to him. He shrugs it off pretty easily. There's no notable sign or anything other than the fact that his eyes aren't reacting to anything. It looks like he is catatonic. Nope. All right. What bits of the currently thawing chunks of it-- blasted apart by Tiberius' Glacial Blast-- It appears to be tougher than normal, but very similar to gray matter in appearance and texture. Other than these strange, kind of reddish-brown bestial legs that were once attached to its mid-section are now blown apart and cast to the ground. The whole texture seems very slimy and rubbery. And it's much larger than any natural brain should be. It's probably-- When it was all in one piece, it would have been roughly about the size of a small dog. Do you? It's terrible. Yeah. Yeah, you're currently basically on the precipice of a large cavern that has multiple layers as the river kind of cascades off into multiple waterfalls. As far as you can see-- which isn't far good because there's no other light source beyond you guys-- the cavern just continues indefinitely for a good 60 feet and then just vanishes into darkness. Well, currently you're holding a barely alive duergar hostage. It's a female. You do. You speak Undercommon. First thing you note, too it is female, and it takes a moment to register that because she is also bald on top. Nasty, pale, kind of sunken face. Eyes are completely clouded over and white, no pupils. Teeth are kind of yellow and gnarled and sharp. You guys are awesome! Thank you so much! Oh yeah. Bald, yes. (hisses) No. She's got a huge shoulder wound. "I didn't do anything. That was the brain's work." (chuckles) "Took care of your friend. He's gone now. He's all dead inside. Kaputski." "Just creating a mess." "Bury your dead weight." "Ugh! Gah!" She's got one hit point. Profusely. From the shoulder. Okay so (gunshot). And the flash goes off. The sound of blast echoes throughout the entirety of the cavern. You can hear (echoing gunshot) cascade off. He takes the barrel, slams it into the shoulder and the sizzling sound as she reaches back in pain. Make an intimidation check. 21? All right. She's now, like, breathing heavy. She's trying to move her face out of the way but she can't seem to avoid the mystical arcane finger pokes. (all laugh) "You fell, surface-slime. You've already fallen, and the Master's gathered the sheep. "You shall all be harvested for K'varn!" You can roll history, if you like. "K'varn is the one that rules these caverns. The one who guides us to take the surface back!" No. "K'varn likes to tinker with the fleshlings, yes." Looks over her shoulder back towards the darker part of the cavern where you guys haven't traversed. "Deep. Deep." "You'll see." Argh! "My life is already forfeit." "I'm just relishing your faces, for they will be gnarled and twisted soon enough!" You break her-- (laughs) You see a moment of recognition in the female duergar's face, and it's-- "There was a halfling, aye. She was foolish enough to come down here alone. She's dead now." "We've taken her life and it was delicious." Make an intimidation check. (laughs) Go ahead and roll dice. You, yes. 19. Okay, go ahead and roll again. I'm giving you the advantage on the roll because he has a blade to her now. Still 14. She laughs and says "Your friend's dead! All is lost! You came for nothing!" Make an insight check. You can also make an insight check as well. 24. She is definitively lying through her teeth. Just to hurt you. "What?" She looks at you for a second, goes, "Regardless, we have her. She's down below. And, soon enough, "you'll see. You'll see what shall become of this halfling." An ichor spray comes across. As the body goes limp in your hands, you kinda let it tumble over the waterfall. Um, now you guys are standing over Grog in this kind of makeshift-- -- camp site. The embers of the fire kinda going low. At this point? It's at some point in the evening. Yes. All right. From where you are? (creepy music sound effect) There are where you came in through-- Strange things afoot echo in the silence. There's the entrance you came in. Across the way, there appears to be another cavern that you can kinda see the entrance to. Those are the only proper openings into this giant chamber. Otherwise there's just the giant, over-arching cave that you guys are just getting into. Just pushing through, so-- Duergar? Go ahead and make an investigative check. Okay. Glancing about, you pull roughly 125 gold pieces between the three corpses of the duergar. Well, two corpses because one of them is gone. It washed downstream. Yeah. You do, however, find on one of them a gnarled implement of some kind, whether it be scavenged or not. It's of a strange, like almost bleached bone ivory that comes to a point at one end. It is pretty. Go ahead and roll arcana. Scanlan, it is a very pretty something. 24. Want to hand it over to him? You go ahead and you eventually find one of the corpses of the umber hulk. It takes you a good 25 minutes to eventually carve through its relatively thick hide, chitinous exterior. You put the head on a makeshift spike, and it is now there on display. You feel accomplished. You head back. Keyleth-- -- as you are taking first watch, you notice that the campsite that the duergar were using, where you guys are currently resting for the evening, it's been there for a while and it looks like the duergar have repurposed it. The fire-- the stones that were set up around the actual fire pit have probably been there for quite some time, and were set up very uniformly and very well placed. Right above you, on one of the stone walls, you see what appears to be a strange, very well carved symbol. Hard to recognize it. Go ahead and make a religion check. It's just a really interesting carving on the wall just right above where you guys are currently residing-- Not quite catching your attention, but it seems to have some significance. And it's fresh, it's not like an ancient symbol that's been there, it maybe could have been there for more than a week or two. Okay. Okay, it's very big. It's like four feet by three feet. All right. All right. All right, you guys begin to set up for the next watch. After the first hour-- Yep, Anti-Life Shell eventually fades, first hour without any impact or issue. Okay. The next few hours go by without incident. Well, there's a lot of mineral deposits. This place in particular, it's definitely, because of the heavy river flow for a long time, a lot of the area near the river itself, very smooth stone. A lot of kind of accumulated deposits of various elements. You also catch the strange carved symbol right atop your guys' camp. It's a very fancy symbol. You guys finish your watch-- It's on one of the large cave surfaces near where you guys are camping. Nothing catches your attention-- --- at the moment, no, unfortunately. You finish your watch without issue. Next up watch, this is the last, third, and final watch you guys are now going through. Okay. Okay. The three of you guys keep watch. After they're napping. Occasionally you have to adjust Grog, 'cause you're not sure if he's still breathing. To make sure he's still-- Religion. Right now, you just rolled? Oh, okay. You are familiar with this symbol specifically because of your background. That is the symbol of Bahamut. It is the symbol of the Platinum Dragon. And you ascertain it was probably-- Yes. And it was probably used as part of some sort of a protection ritual. K'varn. Using the thing you wrote. K'varn. As you are having this discussion, you feel a slight rumble in the ground. Some of the rocks nearby, the loose pebbles, begin to vibrate and move around. You guys are all clustered in the small camp. Do you still have your light source up, Light, or you just, the campfire? Yeah, you are-- outside of just, maybe 15, 20 feet, you see nothing. It's pitch black. A few moments pass, the rumbling has subsided. Okay, all wake up-- You've all slept for the evening-- --and from the points of your unused-- -- healing dice, you're pretty much all at max health, so. All right. It is momentarily distracting, but eventually you phase it out. All right, so as you guys-- (all laugh) You take a bit of earth from a pouch that you keep of your-- -- home tribe where you grew up. You scattered some of it around Grog, who is now laid on his back, whose arms and legs, all equally stretched out. No. You're still clothed. (all laugh) As this is the first time you've attempted a magic of this type, you close your eyes and take in the earth's essence. As a druid, being connected to nature is where you draw your divine energy. You kind of-- -- almost take from the vibration of the nearby caverns that you felt, and come in tune with the way the earth, the planet itself shifts and moves, you-- You use that to give constitutional strength to the physical form of Grog in hopes of restoring him. As Vex awkwardly fumbles over the-- -- the overtly sized goliath- Go ahead and-- You do, yes. Roll a d20, add your wisdom modifier. No assistance on this. This only affects a d20 roll. What'd you roll? What'd you roll? It's a d8. As is, yes, yeah, you have advantage on the roll, yeah! What's the total? Plus 12? 29, that should be enough. So, (laughs), in this circumstance, you complete the ritual. There's a brief glow of all the-- The dirt that you'd scattered around Grog, and you can see his form kind of take in a deeper breath. His chest expands, and as it does, his eyes, which currently stare off in space, begin to clarify and crystallize and his brow quivers for a second, and you see a little bit of life return to his face. Grog, your sight focuses as the party is gathered around you, looking down upon your currently stretched out physical form in a cavern. You're very confused. As a note too, just so you guys are aware, 20 is the stat cap for normal physical stats, however magical items can then bump that up higher. Just answering a chat room question. That's okay. Don't worry about it. It's back to normal. (laughs) At which point you look over and Trinket is there off to the side, notably excited that you're moving again. (bear noises) Comes over and nuzzles up against you for a moment. You guys all healed overnight. You did not get an opportunity to use any of your stuff, so you're currently still at the hit points you were, plus you naturally healed just from the evening's rest. Four hit points. You can roll up to nine. Whatever your level is, that's how many dice you can use. But that's for the day. Once you've used those nine hit dice to heal yourself naturally, you are maxed out outside of magical healing or potions. She pointed towards the rest of the cavern, which you have just stepped into. Lady Kima. Go ahead and make a survival check. Which you have advantage on simply for tracking depending on what you're tracking. What are your favored enemies? So you would not have advantage on this. That's okay. What did you roll? Okay. All right. For that, I will go ahead and give you advantage on that. This is technically considered the crust of the Underdark. Yeah, yeah, I think it's chapter four. 19. Okay. As you guys begin to move, you can find, like, there is this waterfall. Which you can hear in the distance, there are a number of cascading, crashing water sounds. So you imagine there are multiple layers as this cavern descends down into the darkness. What are you using for a light source, by the way? The cavern comes alive with bright white light. Using that, you take a while and you begin to just keep tabs on the surface area of this cavern as you begin to move further down. You find some portions where you can climb down to the lower levels. The first thing you notice is there are definitive signs of struggle or intense running towards the direction that you came from. Meaning things were seemingly either fleeing or heading that direction very quickly. Some of them appear to be more recent than others. You also begin to see a few partially decomposed corpses of various goblinoid creatures. You find two goblins just slain, just cut open, and off to the side you see some of the skin is pulled tight against the bone as a lot of it is just rotting from the cave itself. Not a very great smell. There have been small pockets of struggle the more you progress down this way. You also find some drag marks that are similar to what you saw back in the mines, and as you move forward and the light begins to open up, you can see small pockets of that red stone that's used to light a bunch of Kraghammer. You can start seeing elements of it embedded in the walls of the cavern ahead and just faintly giving this reddish glow and the outline of some shapes. You begin to step into the outskirts about 60 feet ahead of what looks like a series of huts, small stone structures cobbled together with small stone and stacked on each other. Simple driftwood and broken pieces of scavenged material put into small buildings. It's a very kinda ramshackle village underground. Yeah, it's a certain amount of crystal that this mountain range seems to naturally produce that just inherently. It seems such. At the point where you're close to it. Currently you have to use his light source to see much of anything. This village doesn't have any, but near the walls and the edges of the cavern you can see the gentle outline of this whole size of it. It's immense. From this view, you don't see any movement. That's up to you. You guys stealth ahead. The two of you follow each other, and you get to the outskirts, and you can now see in the center of this, a number of the buildings and huts have been smashed or destroyed. You can see more and more of these goblin corpses strewn across the ground. You can see some of these tents seem to have rags or something stuffed into one that's not too far ahead of you. There's two goblins near you, apparently slashed open. Similar wounds. It's just from the first glance stepping forward. Nope. Not from this perspective. You guys moved ahead and you barely have any light source of your own. You're having to deal with just the outskirts of his light spell. Not in the center of the village. Those are only towards the outside walls of the cavern. You can walk off to the side. So you take a few minutes to walk off to the very edge of the cavern. The rock is less of an actual stone that you can pull, more than it's a cluster of-- almost like a vein of the stone in the actual wall. It would take a while for you to actually hack it out of the side. It can be done, but it will take you a while. Okay. Okay, so as you guys are aware, one of the magical items that was designed by Tiberius early in the campaign are essentially these gem enchanted earrings that activate as a Message spell between a few party members. He made a few of them. You're essentially whispering into each other's ears. But it only works within a certain range. A straight up with a big ol'-- 500 feet is the maximum length. So. You guys approach slowly, the light source opens up, and you see now a multitude of goblin bodies strewn about the open area of this village. You can see there are actually piles of corpses stuffed into some of these huts in the sides that aren't goblin. You can see what looks like a few small dwarven bodies piled up on the side. As you kinda glance over you look, some of them are partially eaten like they have been stripped for meat. Make an investigation check. Okay. As you look through the building, there are piles of bone, sinew, and metal at this point. The dwarven bodies are mostly decomposed entirely, what remnants have not been stripped off it for food. As far as what you guys can tell, you discover two things. One of the dwarves has a set of very very finely crafted leather armor. To pull it off the corpse is going to destroy it and going to be a not very interesting affair. But it does look to have survived the horrible conditions under here. You also note specifically, Vex, that not the dwarven corpses, but a number of the goblin corpses you come across, some of them have a uniform wound. A number of these goblin corpses have this terrible puncture wound in the skull. In the forehead there. Just an opening wound about that big around. And for each one of these wounds-- for as much flesh is on these goblins, there doesn't appear to be anything inside. It's very possible. Your finger goes inside, you reach around. There are elements of brain matter within there but even that has become very gelatinous. Partially decomposed in its own right, almost like a slime. But sure enough, the inside of the cranium itself is mostly vacant. Trinket is back with the party. You recall that Lady Kima was, specifically, a paladin of Bahamut. That camp seems to have been hers while she was traipsing through the tunnels. Fox's cunning would give you benefit, I believe, to-- I mean, essentially-- It would be Enhance Ability for wisdom, I'm pretty sure. It's intelligence? Okay, there you go. Right, no, you're correct. So essentially it would be an Enhance Ability for intelligence, yes. Oh, for the potion's effect? That would be anywhere from four to eight hours, you're not quite sure. So you leave behind the pile of dwarven corpses, you leave behind the goblin corpses with the wounds and start seeing more of a pattern. Okay. So you put the hood on and light that up, very good. Leaving the leather armor behind? No, it would be nasty pulling it off a corpse. It's dwarf-sized. Okay, so you shake off the element-- -- the remaining elements of the dwarven corpse. Just falls off out of the armor. You have to kind of shake it and eventually all of it escapes-- Make an arcana check. It does have a magical aura. All right. It appears to be a simple but powerful enchantment. It is a pair of studded leather armor with a +2 enchantment. To your AC. It comes up to your elbow and then, given a moment, it fits to your form. Yes, it is considered-- it works as studded leather armor, but that gives him a +2 bonus to his armor class on top of that. Yes? No. Not checks, specifically. I mean-- Let me double-check it. Yeah, we have enough food, guys, thank you. So yeah, unfortunately it helps ability checks, those are not considered saving throws. You cast Stoneskin on yourself? All right, Stoneskin's on you, Tiberius. You guys keep pushing forward. All right, as you begin to press through the goblin ghost town-- Which you do, you catch, off in the distance, another faint moving light source. Everyone roll a stealth check. Yes. Okay, as you all buckle down and be as quiet as you can-- You begin to see-- No, noted, that's okay, that's okay. It's a group check, in which case people offset each other's difficulty. So you seem to be comfortable in the stillness of the moment. Best you can see in the distance, you see figures shifting, moving away from you. Many figures. A fairly large group of seeming to be humanoid figures, moving steadily away from you. Yeah, using your same stealth rolls, you push forward. Yes, best you could tell. As you guys start reaching the outskirts of the opposite side of this small, goblin village that has been completely sundered, you see a cliff, but a large cliff. The actual surface here comes to a very direct end and seems to just disappear into a dark abyss. There is a singular, ten-foot-wide rope bridge, that is bolted into the side of this cliff and stretches out across this giant crevasse, for what-- you can't see the other side. It very much has that kind of a feel. It just goes on a for a good 60, 70 feet, and then darkness. And you can see what looks to be a cluster of about 12 to 13 duergar-- -- making their way in lines of two across this bridge. Amongst them, they have, chained up, three dwarf miners that they are also dragging across the bridge. They don't appear to put up much of a fight in their current circumstance. Ten feet. From what you can see it looks about 12-ish They do, it's a very faint light. It's like a small cluster of the red stone that's been mined and put into a spherical element and is hanging from a chain like a lantern. Make a perception check. Best you can tell, and from your knowledge of bats and their existence, they generally live in caverns that have readily available openings to the outside world, where they do their nocturnal hunting. This is a very, very deep cavern that does not have easy access to the surface. Bats are probably not a good chance in this cavern. A hand suddenly mysteriously reaches into the bag. You pull out the carpet and lay it out. At this point in time, they're a little over halfway across the bridge. Which, you can see it swaying in a very uncomfortable way. You hear the stretching of ropes. As you hear the rope just tense as the bridge is slowly swaying. So you guys lay out the carpet. The two of you get on? LAURA and The three of you guys hop on, and it's probably big enough for the three of you. It's about the right size. The carpet begins to lift off, and you kind of will it towards-- Are you going straight over the bridge or are you taking a side route? Okay so you guys, you take up over. First off, the three of you guys make a stealth check. Maneuvering on a flying carpet is a different type of locomotion. Okay. So, as soon as you reach the edge of the crevasse, immediately the air itself is warmer. And there's actually a bit of a strange breeze blowing up from underneath this giant crevasse. And you look down and you can see, faintly, light sources. Long, thin, trickling streams of what looks like molten rock. Way down below. It's at least a thousand feet down. Don't fall, it's very bad. The air itself has a very sulfurous smell. There's a lot of various strange chemical scents that's a bit pungent to the nose. There's a lot of chemical reactions that are causing this atmosphere. It's a little difficult to take any air at first. You have to get adjusted. It is a very, very deep cavern below. When you look behind, you can see the river that's been cascading through this cavern goes rocketing off the edge and disappears into the darkness below. Are you keeping your distance or-- Okay. You guys push forward, keeping at a safe distance. You eventually follow them across the crevasse, and you can see now them entering what looks like a shanty town of tents and small stone structures. Better built than the goblin village that was previously there, but it looks almost like a temporary or pseudo-temporary series of homes for the duergar in this section. There's a bunch of military tents and cloth pup tents put up in sections. You can see some easy-to-construct one- or two-day constructions of stone buildings. Very square, very rigid and dwarven in their design, more for utility that any sort of visual presentation or beauty. There are also a series of these- -- of these redstone-- Yeah, it's legit guys. A series of these redstone torches that they were holding, or these lanterns, are hung up all throughout the village on these giant poles that have been placed in areas to give a little bit of an occasional light source throughout this entire camp. How big, the camp? At a first glance, you can only check out elements of it from your distance, you're only making out shapes from how far back you guys are without actually getting inside. You gather you've probably seen throughout, just this portion that you've come into, anywhere from 30 to 40 duergar moving through, as well as a few larger shapes. You swear you catch one or two other very large humanoid hulking figures just (thudding noises) Stepping through the camp. The range is getting a little broken, you can hear-- The words are coming through but-- You've just now crested-- The crevasse the other side. And you're feeling uncomfortable pushing further forward because you're now starting to get a lot more eyes in your vicinity. Looking around, there are no side caverns, this is actually a pretty smooth cavern that kind of circles around where this camp is built, there is one large tunnel entrance on the opposite side that continues past. You can't see anything beyond the fact that the tunnel-- the walls kind of convene. You can see a little bit of a tunnel opening and just darkness beyond that. A tunnel on the other side, and where the land starts there's a giant portion of the cavern that continues and then closes off, kind of pinches, to the entrance to where the camp is. The camp is completely filling this side of the cross. It's blocking pretty much the whole. Not without going through or over the city. Correct. Do you want to swoop down and check? Okay, you swoop down and-- --the rock there-- (whoosh) -- the warm air is still kinda bothering you in general. You find yourself kinda taking your cloak and putting it over your mouth just to get the scent out. The side of the rock surface is worn through what looks like maybe a possible river that also came from the other side that has since dried out, so you can see there is, while no water on this side of the crevasse, a lot of the stone has been smoothed just through rapid water running for thousands of years possibly. But there are no visible openings or other additional caverns on this rock surface Okay. They're long past the bridge, they're inside the city proper at this point. All right. All right. Scanlan. As you go ahead, make your way in towards the city, go ahead and make a stealth check with advantage. 18, okay. You push, kind of falling behind the main group, and they're heading towards this kind of, more or less a loose thoroughfare in the center of this town. You can see a few duergar coming out and kind of inspecting as they enter, speaking in a language you don't understand, asking questions, some of them are coming out and slapping the dwarf captives as they go across, or spitting on them. The dwarves look very broken and unhappy with the circumstance, but brimming with anger. You see a couple of them are, like true dwarves, they haven't given in to it, they're just looking for an option or a moment to get some vengeance. They're stripped of all armor and weaponry. They're brought through some of the alleys and paths between these pup tents and these stone structures. You can see, there are some of the hulking figures, there are two trolls wandering amongst these duergar. Now, you've encountered trolls before, but these trolls-- -- also have a similar, pupil-less, clouded over, white-eye appearance-- As you begin to follow them further in, you manage to see two ogres that are currently stationed across this main open center location in this campsite. And both of these ogres also have the same, pupil-less, white, glazed-over look to their eyes. And they're both just kind of glancing about. The rest of the duergar are in the process of constructing other tents. Some of them look like they're actually in the process of forging weaponry. It feels like it's a war camp. It's definitely preparing for something. However, in the center of this main area, you do see, there is a wooden platform, about 20 foot by 20 foot, that is raised up, and you see a group of about six duergar that are all wearing very intricate, black iron plate armor. And they're all just sitting on the outskirts of this platform. All the duergar seem to have that natural look to their eyes as well. As the party you've been following enters the center of this vicinity, make another stealth check, with advantage. All right. You kind of step off to the side, a duergar steps out of one of the tents near you, and you just barely manage to pull out of the way without making any sort of squeak or noise. He goes by. (sniffs) And begins stepping out, looking intently for something, but right past you, by inches, as he walks past. You look over again, to the camp, and you can now see, toward the very back end of this open midsection, by this platform, there is one large, stone construct. It looks like a makeshift barracks has been placed there, with double stone doors that are currently opened, and you can see two figures stepping out of the stairs that lead into these barracks, heading towards the main platform. They step up onto the platform. One of which is a very, very well-decorated duergar, who's wearing similar blackened plate armor as the other kind of elite guard that you saw surrounding this platform, but with gold and silver scrolling on it, a long, tattered, dark, dark purple cape, and has a nasty scar across the cheek that leads into this kind of gnarled, grey beard. As it steps forward, you can see, sheathed off to its back in a large scabbard, a gargantuan-- for a dwarf especially-- two-handed sword that should be unwieldy for a creature of its size. But nevertheless looks dangerous and a creature next to it is-- -- not so small, not dwarven. Actually, very tall, lanky, long, black and purple robes, a hood, obscuring its features, stepping roughly two feet behind it as they both step on to the platform to address the rest of the guard and the approaching party of duergar dwarves you've been following. You can see some conversation happening, but you're too far away to really make out anything that's being said, do you want to move closer? Do you speak Undercommon? Then you-- it all sounds gibberish to you! Okay. But you see some conversation happening. This seemingly officious duergar, this general that steps out and commands the attention in the room, makes a few gestures, shouts out to amongst the other nearby. Not quite sure, but you get the idea he's giving orders or directions. The war party then begins to pull the slaves back away, and-- The captives. Begins pulling them away toward another section on the side. As it does, the tall, lanky figure, which you now get the sense that it's not really walking. It's just kind of drifting-- -- holds its hand out. This long, long finger and lanky hand, and as it does, every single duergar in the vicinity, whatever it was doing, stops in place, and all turn and look at it, as one. At which point, this creature brings its fingers in a beckoning gesture, loosely in your direction. For a split second, you feel your heart at your throat, and the entire back of your body stands on pins and needles as one of the duergar carrying one of the captives begins to pull one of the dwarven captives back towards the platform. As it does, the dwarf, who is giving kind of a fight and looks nervous, looks over at the figure and its arms go limp to its side, and it begins to walk out of its own volition, taking two, three steps. Steps onto the platform and approaches this tall, lanky figure with the hood and long robes behind it. As it does, its hand reaches out and caresses the side of this dwarf's face. This dwarf seems to have given up all sense of fight or any sort of conflict and just stares up into this darkened hood. As the tall, lanky creature reaches out with both hands and pulls the dwarf forward, you see these terrible purple tentacles come writhing out of the front of the hood, wrapping around the head of the dwarf, pulling it into it. As the hood falls back, you see this horrible smooth, purplish-blue hairless head, these sunken yellowish-green eyes as the tentacles wrap around the dwarf's head and pulls it into its mouth. There's a brief struggle, and then the dwarf's arms fall limp to its side. At which point, the tentacles unravel from its head, the creature pulls back, a bit of ichor and dwarf blood dripping from what looks like a lamprey's toothy maw, and then thrusts the body to the ground, with a thud as it falls lifeless to the ground. A horrible, bored hole in its forehead. The creature then draws its hood back up, releases its hand in a cursory fashion, and all the duergar whip back around and continue the motions they were previously going towards. As the two dwarven captives that now remain look completely stunned, their faces white with fear as they are being dragged off in this state. The tall, lanky figure gives a nod to the duergar general, who gives a nod as well, then to turn around and walk back. The two other captives, you follow them? They both are pulled to-- essentially to a western side. If you look overhead, this is where the barrack building is, this is where you entered and this is the main area. They are pulled off to the western side here. They are taken to a large tent. As they are pulled in, they close it behind them. You can hear some muffles and some growling from the inside of the tent. Do you speak Dwarven? Should be on the lower left-hand of your player sheet. You hear what sounds like guttural Dwarvish being shouted angrily, cursing from the interior, and a few other dwarven voices also joining in-- more than two. You hear some horrible, sick thuds and some impacts and some cries of pain. And eventually, the five duergar dragging the captives walk out, carrying cudgels at their side, still dripping with fresh blood. They kind of go amongst their own business from there. It's just an opening tent. Not on the street. Okay, make a stealth check. With advantage. (all laugh) You maneuver your way out back the way you came, best you can, remembering-- you get disoriented in general trying to find your way out. Go ahead and make a survival check. 17. Okay, you take a moment, orient yourself, looking about the cavern. This is a very confusing network, and the passages you've gone-- you paid more attention to what's happening-- Kind of, yeah. You nearly get lost twice, but eventually find your way back to the southern-portion entrance of this war camp. You can just see the crevasse and you start getting the familiar scent of that sulfurous wind that was billowing out from underneath. You step out a few more feet, and you can see the edge of the bridge where the rest of you have finally come to converge on the other side of the crevasse. You know what, let's go ahead and take this moment to have a bathroom break, guys, as sort of the halfway mark. We will continue this in just a moment. In the meantime, take a rest, take ten or 11 minutes. We are going to play our character backgrounds for those who haven't seen it. We will be back here in about ten minutes, guys. -- for her as well, so look forward to that some point in the near future. As we left off, the party had just reconvened on the other side of this gargantuan crevasse in the Underdark, after Scanlan had stealthed into the duergar war camp, witnessed a number of dwarven captives being taken somewhere, however, one of which was devoured by some strange creature. Left brainless and dead on the platform in the center, outside of a giant barracks-type building. You reconvened and expressed all of this information to the party. Intelligence. You probably call it a mind flayer. No, roughly a little shorter than him. But taller than most. This would be an intelligence check. Why are you guys so awesome? So, best you can ascertain, you've never heard the term mind flayer. But in your people you've heard stories and tales growing up about something referred to as an illithid. A nasty entity, from beyond. With a D. As far as you know, all that you've heard, is that they were considered ghost stories, as a kid, to keep you from wandering dark caves and spaces. They would take your minds, and you thought this whole time that that was just a fable. That it was just a tale. But you do know that they normally aren't solitary; they usually keep company of a colony. The one lengthy creature. The bridge, now that you've traversed it, it's ten feet wide, and runs about a little over 200 feet or 250 feet in length. You get on top of the carpet and you will it to begin to shift, and the carpet around you lifts, but you are anchoring it to the ground. She can try. It's a very big rug. What's your strength? It won't be cumbersome, necessarily. From what it looks like, it is rope and stone platforms. Like slats, slats of stone, that then the rope is tied around. It's a very, very thick, hefty twine. Well, advantage on dex ability checks. Like acrobatics, things like that, sleight of hand, stealth. Okay, so-- All right! So. So, inspiration dice to Vax, and who else? Vax and who else? Gets inspiration dice? Scanlan. Okay. So both of you guys have a d8 of inspiration dice you can spend. Okay. There you go. Okay. So, before this happens, where's everyone placed? You guys-- You guys are across the bridge. Where's the rest of you? Okay. About 20 feet off from the edge, on the goblin side, there is one outcropping of, like, a large stalagmite that you could probably get behind. On the goblin side. Oh, do you wanna be on their side? Your side, meaning the side that the war camp is on. Right. There's the goblin side, which is where you guys first went through, there's the bridge, and then there's the war camp side. LAURA and All right. So you're on-- Goblin side for you, Goblin side for Grog-- Goblin side for Percy, setting up the Bad News, your crazy gun. And Scanlan as well. You can do that. It's up to you. Turn into birds. She's a druid. Right. Okay. So, what are you going to make the terrain look like? What is your alteration? Okay, okay. So like an additional 40 or so feet out from the actual-- Okay. The actual ceiling is maybe about 120 feet up, so it might be a little hard to do that, and cause a cave-in-type illusion. Okay. Cool. So you go ahead and you cast Hallucinatory Terrain-- You now see an additional 40 feet of the cliff stretching out-- And you can actually see that the bridge looks attached to it, it's a very, very convincing illusion. And you kind of have to remind yourself that it's an illusion, just so you don't fall for it either! All right. So you're kind of chilling in the middle of the bridge? All right. The rest of you are-- -- on the other side-- outside of the bridge. Okay. So you're off the bridge now. All right. So now, Tiberius, Vax, you guys walk across the bridge, keeping grip both side rails, feeling it rock to and fro from the continuous warm bellowing of wind up from the cavern beneath you. Eventually you bring your way across. What looks like you should be stepping on terrain is still the bridge, and it takes you a minute to adjust to the fact that you're still going across the bridge, but it looks like rocky terrain. Eventually you make it to the other side and you grab purchase on stone. Looking ahead of you, you can see about 60 feet ahead of you the outskirts of the war camp. All right. Both of those are concentration spells. You can only have one of those up at any given point in time. Okay. So you're now floating up. Okay. Okay. Okay, all right. So you're now just kinda hovering above the bridge now. You-- You feel the sudden surge of magical energy through your body like adrenaline just pumping into your system. All right. Been awhile since you've used those. (laughs) All right. Oh, okay. You shuffled these, right? All right. This will be very, very interesting. So currently one of the cards bursts and you can see rising up from its energy this awful-looking humanoid skeletal undead creature with long golden red robes, with this gnarled gold crown and these glowing blue eyes and just pure arcane energy across this horribly gnarled skeletal face. There stands this hideous-looking lich cackling to itself. The other one (poof) and you see before you a kind of -- It's nice. Through the smoke, you see what looks like some sort of a human kind of long, long-fighting warrior, grizzled, ready to fight, has a big old longsword out, armored up in scalemail, one eye is kinda wounded, and he just kinda sits there and growls with his blade ready. The third card. From the smoke appears a red-skinned dragonborn with long blue robes and a staff with a glowing beam of light on it. You see an exact duplicate of Tiberius now standing there as the three illusions stand. (all laugh) Your cards are now spent, correct? Right, but I mean the actual cards don't go back in the deck. They do, okay. All right, never mind. Okay. As you shout out, the card illusion appears. You see about five or six duergar kind of look out from a nearby tent and go-- and then start running toward the center of the town. About 20 seconds pass. And then you start hearing this (boom boom boom boom). It sounds like a drum beat. At this point, you now see about 16 duergar come running out from the center of town, armored, weapons drawn, a few with crossbows, two trolls and an ogre charging out. You see the ogres holding this giant-- it looks like a stone slab for one of its clubs, and the two trolls just come with their claws open, rushing right towards you and the illusions. All right. As you're stepping back, four of the duergar immediately take, using their inertia, pull and release javelins in your direction. All right, what's your AC? All right, you take two javelins-- All right, good to know. The first one strikes you in the torso for a total of 11 damage. The other hits you for a total of eight damage. No, well, you can choose to half one. It's up to you, you choose which one. Probably the higher one. So it would be six. 14 points of damage with these just javelins hitting you like, oh, that's right. They have range! (all laugh) You can immediately see one of the trolls goes and just lunges forward and slashes the lich, just passing through its form. Yeah. It went through, it kinda loses its footing for a second, stops and kinda looks angry, turns and starts slashing at it again. Yeah, right at the precipice. Yeah, so the troll kind of steps forward-- -- and the troll turns around and starts slashing. The other one goes right for the veteran. And (laughs) goes running right off the edge. That was the troll, just (falling sounds). The ogre goes running forward, right towards you. Just their speed, they're just the first ones to get there. Duergar have tiny legs. This is what I'm saying, what are you doing? This is your reactionary part. We're just taking-- this isn't a battle, this is-- All right, so you go charging back onto the bridge. As you go running, all right, both trolls and the ogre have just gone off the side. You hear them screaming as they tumble into the darkness. About four duergar also go spilling over the side, screaming as they tumble into the darkness. The rest of them stop, kind of look around and-- Okay. As this is happening, you can now see some of the members of the duergar that are now at the edge are some of the elite guard, with the blackened armor you saw. They both kinda step forward and put their foot out, feeling for purchase, give a nod, pull out their swords, and start hacking at the bridge immediately. From this distance, it's gonna be a serious penalty. You don't, because you-- Go for it. Go ahead and roll. As you-- You're at disadvantage. As your arrow (shooting sound) off, you (gun misfiring sound) and there's a slight delay, and you wonder, why isn't it working? And this horrible explosion sound bursts out as you can now see, black and red smoke pouring out of the front of the barrel of Bad News, and it burns your hands for a second and you're like, ah, shit, take a second to-- Yeah, however, because you are unable to halt that, both of those duergar take shots at the bridge. Both hit with their swords. As you're running and pulling the carpet out-- -- the bridge is cut clean-- -- and begins to fall out from under you. You go pulling out the-- This is gonna go ahead and be a dex check now. You do. All right. You pull out the carpet. As you're going to set it down, as you feel the bridge beginning to like, give out from under you, you feel this creepy sensation pushing towards the back of your head. You guys, looking across, you can see now a familiar cloaked figure has emerged. (all gasp) Go ahead and make a willpower saving throw. Willpower save. It's at the top of your sheet of your stats, above your stats, on the right of your stats. Oh, it's your wisdom saving. Wisdom. Seven. As you are running, you get the carpet out, you leap onto it and your whole sense and awareness of your surroundings just fades from you. You just feel your entire body going numb for a second and you just feel yourself falling. Falling back. You go and swoop down, fly. You manage to-- He is just staring up at this moment. Okay. You cast Fly on him? All right! He is still just kind of standing there, not doing anything. As you finish casting the Fly spell, your Fly spell dissipates because it's a concentration spell and you can have one at a given time. Okay, you grab him as his whole weight goes onto you. What's your strength? Go ahead and make an athletics check. 21? You rush down, diving, you grab the back of his armor. As you yank up on him, you manage to just pull him across and get him to the other edge. The flying carpet, however, has plummeted down in-- However, Tiberius swoops up. You guys just see them both plummet into darkness and then flying up at the edge of the crevasse on your side, Tiberius clutching your brother, currently just staring off into space and dropping him down with a dull sound. The bridge slaps onto the side of the cavern. It just disappeared into the darkness below. About a minute passes or so, you come back to your senses. You can see across the way that there are a bunch of them just standing at the edge. Okay, go for it. Okay, go ahead and roll the damage. Across the way you can hear the resounding (gunshot). 20 points of damage! Nice. You just see this blast of red and flame across the way and the figure is just knocked off its feet, about ten feet back. (all laugh) At this point in time you can now see the duergar looking up and backing away from the cliff side. You come to the bridge, which is just dangling off the side now. You're on the goblin side and the bridge is just dangling down into darkness. You only saw the one. After all that, you saw a few more kind of filter out from the town, you have probably about 25 visible at that moment that have all backed. Okay. You can shoot him, but it's at disadvantage to shoot someone who's prone. Yeah. A moment passes and he kind of drifts back up. Take another shot. 15? Unfortunately, it does not hit. At that distance, with the darkness, it's very hard to get your bead on him at that point. So you (gunshot), fires off, you can now see it drift away-- -- and all the rest of the duergar are now retreating into the city. If you want to. Okay. So you walk over to the edge, and you kind of look across to the sides. Make a perception check. Natural 20? Natural 20. LAURA & Plus-- You glance over the side-- (all laugh) -- wrapped up in the ropes of the rope bridge. It's the carpet! It seems to be the carpet. Mm-hm. Mm-hm. So. All right. You glide down along the base of the cut rope bridge, and there, just barely hanging on by just haphazardly falling and tangling itself in the ropes is the flying carpet. As you float down, you now get a little bit of a better view, as your staff is lit, you can see, about another 150 feet down below you, a little bit of a reflection of your light. It's currently just kind of rippling and shifting. It appears to be some sort of water surface below you. About 150 feet down. There are streaks of lava-- -- pouring, like from the ceiling and portions of the wall-- -- but it's all just kind of pouring down and pooling at the edges and then cooling. And you can see the waterfall, it's cascading over the side-- -- is currently rushing past you at about 30 feet to your right, and it seems to be splashing into this pool below. You grab the magic carpet, you roll it up, make your way back up to the surface. All right, so the two of you get on the carpet, you drift down, and you begin to make your way down this giant crevasse. As you get down, the air gets warmer and warmer, and you begin to see as you come down, a good 600 feet now at this point, into this much larger space than the one you guys are currently above. It's like a giant, triangular, open cavern down here. It kind of funnels up into where the bridge was. As you look down, there is definitely a large pool of water that leads off into a few other underground rivers that spill off into the mountainside itself. There are sections of the wall where lava is pouring out, where there seems to be some sort of a vent or some sort of opening into some magma reserve, and there are about three of them that are pouring out, and kind of drifting down. One of them is pooling and cooling as it hits the water, and it's just kind of this perpetually glowing mass of slow-growing rock. There also appears to be one that is just continuing to flow that leads, kind of, back in the direction where you guys came, but underneath. There's one big lava pool that is spilling, and then kind of giving a little bit of light to the inside of a tunnel that continues further down at a decline. The opposite side-- That's okay. On the opposite side, you can see there's a small outcropping and a smaller waterfall that is pouring out of the side of the mountain, like another sea is now meeting the river underneath, and that is just kind of cascading out from the side of the rock, dropping about 30 or 40 feet, and hitting the edge of the rock pool. On Cthulhu's side. Yeah. Okay. Just so you're aware, the pool is about 600 feet across. (all laugh) Right. So you can part elements of it, but like, it is a large, large, large body of water. Okay, another thing you notice, is there are two trolls and an ogre currently trying to stay afloat, as one of them just (sucking sound) gets pulled under the water. Yes. You begin moving the water to the sides and you begin to cool some of the lava flows. You can see the glowing red magma begin to cool to a dark black and become solid. As it does you can see parts of it crack, as the magma's still pushing out. But you're definitely staunching the flow. Yeah, there is a tunnel that seemed-- the opening leads to the back, and there's a waterfall that is pouring out from that side. Waterfall. The lava flow is going down the opposite direction. Yeah. Like a large opening that continues further down. Okay, so the best-- the water that you gather from this, you force into a quick geyser in that direction. As it sprays across the front, you can see it begins to cool some of the magma. It's a pretty hefty flow, you manage to slow it, and you do cool parts of it, but it's gonna be difficult and take you a while, if you're just constantly pushing water on it, to give the flow any sort of serious stop. You notice the lava flow doesn't coat the entire floor of the tunnel, just a side of it. It's almost like there's some portion of it that is walkable, adjacent to the lava. Okay. The other troll. (sucking sound) Pulled beneath the surface. Yeah. In the giant water pool in the bottom. You were on the bridge when that happened, you were-- Right. You were about, loosely, 80 feet across when it got you. To the ceiling it's about 150 feet, yeah. There is, on-- Okay. In a giant cavern, there is, towards the side where you guys kind of entered, underneath where you first came in-- -- there is a descending, large tunnel, of which there are a series of lava flows that kind of pool into one river of lava that covers half of that path down-- Correct. Towards the other side, the-- The cavern ends and there is a waterfall pouring out of the side of the wall-- -- that just kind of flows down-- No, no. There is a-- there-- well, there is essentially a hole where water is pouring out of. The flying carpet can't carry Grog on his own. All right, So, what, you ladies hop on the flying carpet? LAURA & (laughs) So, as you guys are discussing this-- The two ladies have leaped on the flying carpet-- They shout, as they disappear, into the darkness below the cavern. Okay. All right. So you pull out your lantern, as the two of you are going down towards the water-- -- the rest of you kind of stand at the edge of the crevasse going, 'Uh...' All right. So as you guys float down-- -- the two trolls that were missing-- the ogre is not anywhere to be seen. -- there's just a slight ripple in the water's surface. Right. As you staunch the water supply of this waterfall, it just kind of holds it in place, with enough of a force that the water coming out is being balanced by the force you're putting back on it, it's just kind of holding it there. However, as the water vanishes, beneath where the waterfall was, you can see an actual small tunnel that's carved into the rock-- All right. Okay. Okay, both of you guys roll stealth. They have advantage on stealth check. Yeah. Plus your dex. All right. You guys move-- are you staying on the carpet? Okay, so you go back down-- So as you guys are-- No, you guys stepped off the carpet, she said, and you transformed, began stealthing in. As you're doing that you turn around and see Tiberius had rolled the carpet and is currently taking it away. So you guys are on the bottom of this crevasse and Tiberius disappears into the darkness. Okay, well, go ahead and roll-- this would be survival for tracking? Just to get an idea for anything around you see. You do see some scratches into the mud of the surface there that lead into a tunnel. You see drag marks, you see footprints, and that's the best you can make out at this in this point in time. But the footprints appear to be dwarven, or dwarf-sized in nature. The scratch marks are across the ground, it looks just like fingers being pulled through. No that you can tell, no. From what you can see, there's no light source in there. So you take a lantern and put it inside. The tunnel goes back about 25 feet and then stops. It's just a little alcove. You see within the tunnel a series of skeletons or bodies that are partially decomposed. And you see what looks like a pile of rags in the corner. It's very-- well, the actual tunnel is maybe about five to eight feet across and it would not be able to fit an umber hulk. As you step inside and put your hands across the walls-- TALIESIN and --what you do notice is, the walls are solid. This appears to have been carved out over time. And as you move in, you begin to see the rags, and the pile of rags is less a pile of rags and more some sort of humanoid curled up in on the inside. Unconscious, asleep, or dead. Not moving. You can't tell from here. It's just like kind of curled over in the corner. I think you might. You're not saved against smugness, Percy. She can. Yeah. A giant eagle, I believe you can. While you guys are having this conversation, 'cause you're talking to each other-- -- the thing in the corner kind of rouses and shoots up out of sudden fear movement, looking about. You see, dressed in rags-- you guys are seeing this for the first time, but it's familiar. Smooth head, purplish and blue in color, a series of tentacles in its mouth. A giant scar drawn across one of its eyes, and it looks filthy, and it looks desperate. And just looks at the two of you and you hear a sudden voice in your minds. No movement, just conversation, saying, "What, who are you?" He puts up a hand like this and you see there's a flicker of arcane energy and a barrier appears between you and this creature. And just looks. Make a persuasion check. (all laugh) Okay, nine total? It holds its place, and the voice again hits your mind and says, "How did you find me? What is your purpose here?" "You will die if you try anything." "I will not fall here, I will not die here." You can see as you get a better look at it, it definitely has a large scar across part of its face, and it looks to be wearing remnants of a robe similar to what Scanlan was describing. However, it is tattered, it's dirtied, sullied by the elements and god knows what other liquids. It also has this strange kind of metallic skull cap that's currently placed around its head. And it just, "Leave me in peace, then, or give me a reason not to slay you where you stand." There's a slight change in mood, you just feel. "Revenge?" Make a persuasion check. The barrier flickers and dissipates. It reaches over and grabs what looks like a gnarled stick. Pulls itself up onto its legs, now what looked like a small minuscule creature is now, even in his terrible hunched form, is standing extremely tall, like scraping the top of this maybe eight-foot-tall ceiling in this tunnel. It takes a step forward and says, "Revenge? You speak of revenge. This is a language I wish to know very well." It kind of gives you both a look and you hear this-- There's a slight lurching to it as it gives this horrible guttural-- (low chuckle) "Friends? That's a word I haven't heard in a long "time. Not one I take to heart, but allies, in time, that I can understand. "Take me to your allies." You come down with the carpet. At the edge of this opening, you see Keyleth, you see Vex, both emerge with a horrible tentacle-faced gnarled being with a staff coming out with them. Looks about to you, then looks at Tiberius and says, ignoring your question, "You have persuasion to the arcane." "We shall talk." "My name... Clarota." "No!" (all laugh) He carefully steps on the carpet, once again like its tentacles are (slithering noises). Moving around, its mouth and its eyes are constantly darting, it looks extremely nervous and almost like a cornered animal that's just barely being coaxed onto this journey. You see with each step it takes there a slight flicker of arcane energy at the tip of its fingers, like it's just prepared for anything to go terribly wrong. It steps onto the carpet and goes, "Take me to your allies." It crosses its legs and sits on the carpet, holding its staff to its chest on the far corner staring at all of you and says, "Go. Now." You guys make your way up to the top, eventually you see the carpet (whoosh) over the edge of the crevasse, come down to a rest, as your party has now brought with you the stuff of nightmares. (all laugh) At which point, it's leapt off at this point, hovering about and you can see this crackle of fire in its hand and it goes, (panicked noises) "Ally." He kind of gives you this keen look of, huh, the least person I expected to ask a question. (all laugh) "No." "You see, the hive is sick. The mind that keeps us safe is no longer its own." "One, an alien one, has come and taken the mind hostage, it has taken my people as its own "playthings. I was able to escape its mental grasp." It reaches up and taps the metal on its head. "My people will not so easily escape its grasp, "they are now under the control of this creature." "That would be why I wish to have your alliance." "Help me free our hivemind, free my people." (laughs) You definitely can! I would put this in a group sense motive right now. Everyone roll! Sense motive in this would be your insight, sorry. Pathfinder to Fifth Edition! Okay! Through your intense grasping this creature's disposition, best you can, as alien and unfamiliar as its mannerisms and speech and interests may be, you get the feeling that it's speaking out of desperation and it's speaking out of genuine interest. You've piqued it with the hint of revenge, you've piqued it with the idea of alliance as opposed to being alone. You get the feeling that it speaks the truth. It genuinely is asking for your help in freeing its people from whatever is influencing their current actions. Clarota. He gives you the dirtiest look you've ever received. Make a persuasion check. (all laugh) He takes a sudden step forward towards you, his tentacles-- (slithering noises) "Play this song." Make a persuasion check-- no, a performance check. 18. (all laugh) It then kind of-- its tentacles withdraw in such a way that gets you kind of off-put and the song comes to a halt. "I'd not heard a song. I shall call upon you for more in the future." "Now we talk about how we can kill K'varn." And that's where we're going to go ahead and end it for today, guys. (all cheer) You've acquired for the moment a very curious ally. Yeah, this will be an interesting branching point for next week. (laughs) I hope you guys enjoyed that! No combat. You guys avoided quite a few possibilities for battle and that makes for an interesting dynamic. So well done! You've killed a crap ton of duergar. And a couple trolls and an ogre, by sending them off a cliff! It was a pretty eventful evening! So yeah, so guys, thank you so much for watching! Also, as a reminder, there is Dwarven Forge that's been doing an amazing kickstarter for its next set. I was a supporter for all of Dwarven Forge's kickstarters and I'm looking forward to being able to break out some of those dungeon tiles in this game in the near future. But if you haven't checked it out yet, I recommend it! Go and see if you can back it. Those guys are awesome, the quality of their work is great! All of you DMs out there that wanna run some seriously legit dungeon setups for your miniatures and battle circumstances, it's highly recommended. So go check that out. I know I've already backed it, so come join me! And (evil voice) one of us, one of us! Anyway, does anyone else have something they wanna talk about for the evening, guys? Zac! What's up, buddy? Yes! Yes! Let's do that! Angelfire.tabletopday.com Yeah, do it! Yeah, no worries, I think next week we're gonna try and do a Q&A after the game. So we'll stay for an hour or more after. Subs only! You get to hang out. Yes! Do it! Hell yeah, awesome! Well, thanks again, guys, for tuning in to Critical Role. Spread the love, tell your friends about it, all come back and join in the story, and we'll have more fun next week, so. See you next Thursday. (all cheer) Hell yeah.