Hello, everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons and Dragons. We have quite a quickly ramping episode tonight, but before we get to that, let's go ahead and talk about a few of our awesome announcements and sponsors. First up, tonight's episode is sponsored by our good friends, as always, at Loot Crate. Sam, you have a few words on that? I believe that was actually supplied by Loot Crate. That was ridiculous! Wow! And they trolled you. That's fantastic, Sam. Thank you so much. All righty. Setting up here for the next bout of announcements. First off, thank you to all those who tuned in to our first episode of Talks Machina earlier this week. It's our first episode, and as first episodes are usually fraught with much peril, difficulty-- technical and mental. We hit our stride about halfway through, I felt and I hope you guys enjoyed it. Those will be up Thursday at 700. We'll have a few cast members come in and talk to our fantastic host Brian Foster, he is fantastic, show him some support. Yeah, me and Marisha had opportunities every now and then on certain Periscopes to kind of chat a little bit in post-game conversations, really cool to have a space to do that. That's the thing, too, guys, please send in your questions. They're extremely helpful, and I like the idea that we can have some great thoughts without just reading from a chat room that's scrolling at a thousand miles per hour. Yeah. #AskTalksMachina. Thank you very much! Laura, do you want to talk about some of the things that we have in the store? I spot them every now and then in the wild and it's one of the weirdest experiences of my whole life. "Should I say something? I don't know, I feel like I should." Like Donald Sutherland in The Body Snatchers! Perfect! Perfect. I'll probably do that from now on. Next announcement. It recently kicked off, Patrick Rothfuss started a wonderful charity these past couple of years called World Builders. You can find it at worldbuilders.org and he's asked us to help be part of that process, to promote it, to get the word out there and hopefully next year be even more involved on a physical level. But if you want to check it out, it's a fantastic gathering of authors, writers, and creative minds to help bring together those of our community to help make the world a better place. Go check it out at worldbuilders.org, see if it's something you want to be a part of, donate what you can. It's a fantastic cause, and they've done incredible work these past few years. So we invite you to join us as I'm also giving a bunch to it, and we're helping to keep this promo chain going for the next month, as long as it's going, so go ahead and take a look, and be a part of it. Thank you, Patrick, for including us in this awesomeness. We're happy to be a part. Also! We have a new round of playlists that have begun. We did the character playlists last year that seemed to go over pretty well. The first one went up last week with Vax's playlist. It is a knee-slapper. It was an awesome playlist, give you even further insight as to the growth of Vax's character over this past year. We have the next one coming up-- is it yours, Keyleth? Yeah, we have Keyleth's coming up next. Hell yeah. We'll be seeing that on the Geek and Sundry website, so keep an eye out for that. Indeed. They just announced it today, for those who've been keeping along with Force Grey, which we did earlier this year with Dungeons and Dragons and Nerdist, we finished out on a cliffhanger, and now we're going to be finalizing and finishing the final episode on December 5th, live from the Egyptian Theatre here in Hollywood. They put out a cool poster today designed by the same artist who did the Stranger Things cover, and you get to see me Stranger Things-ified, I guess, if you would, on the cover. You can check out either my Twitter or the official Dungeons and Dragons Twitter for more information on that as it comes out by December 5th, it will also be livestreamed, so if you can't be there in person, it will be available on the internet via Twitch for you to watch live, at your leisure. Looking forward to that, and hope you check it out and like it. And last but not least, next week is Thanksgiving. We will not be having an episode next week, because we're all going to probably be with our families and out of town and eating a lot of food and enjoying the tryptophan. Hope you are doing the same. We'll miss you guys next week but we'll be back the week after at the beginning of December for the rest of this absolute basket of chaos. Yeah. It'll give you two weeks to build your characters, great! Without further ado, let's go and jump into tonight's episode of Critical Role! [dramatic music] This close every single time! That was kind of absurd. However, you were given the option, as opposed to now having sold yourselves into slavery to the giant, to instead do this grand favor for them. Apparently, the past lover of this giant was killed in the streets by a pit fiend named Ghurrix who occasionally wanders the slave district called the Arches here in the City of Brass. You agreed to go find and kill this pit fiend out of vengeance for the giant and as such you would be freed from your current onus and be given the armor that is in the possession of Juuraiel, this giant, as well, so everything should be great. You guys applied a Seeming enchantment across the party, allowing most of you to look kind of like copies of Vex and Vax, the sexy sextuplets, as you put it. The kind of things you'd want to purchase. Made your way to the slave market called the Arches, with Scanlan Shorthalt disguised as a flame-wreathed azer, a Fire Plane dwarf. You proceeded to try and sell this party to the pit fiend, Ghurrix, as he walked through the area. After acquiring and purchasing two celestial-blooded boys who were on another slavery block. That's disgusting. Bait. And it was bait and it's worked out well so far as it got the attention of the pit fiend. The pit fiend wandered to where you had set the entrance to your mansion, Scanlan. Upon some conversation, seemingly were unable to convince the pit fiend to suddenly step into this unsafe, spectral doorway that you had attempted to coax him into. As many of you emerged into the street, with Pike and Percy hiding within the mansion, the rest of you set the stage here at the mouth of this alleyway, the nearby bubbling of a lava stream just off to the right side of you. Keyleth, hidden in the back of the alleyway, decided that, while this moment was still tense, to use the element of surprise and attempted to Feeblemind the pit fiend. Unfortunately, it was resisted by the creature, who then, as an instinctive reaction, summoned a friend known as an erinyes from the Nine Hells to join Ghurrix at his side. And that is where we left off. We're going to bring up some boss music here. Seeing as how we're in the Fire Elemental Plane, I think it's important that we have some proper Fire Elemental Plane lighting. Would you like to phone a friend? That's not going to help. To give you guys some context, set-wise. This is the doorway, the entrance to Scanlan's mansion. Big as the doorway you could have made. Back here is Keyleth, who had fired off the spell. Here we have Vex and Trinket, who you had popped out, as well as Vax, who had just stepped out of the portal. Scanlan, with in front of you, the two boys. And Grog was off here to the side. Here we have Ghurrix himself as well as his ally companion and a number of other slavers and/or slaves that currently line the streets as part of this, who are now watching as this conflict may seem to erupt here. There are efreet. You didn't see any around at the moment, no. And they are called the Illuminated. You don't know. You can certainly ask. There is an edge to a building there and part of a thoroughfare walkway. I'd say probably two stories. Probably not. However, I would like to ask you all to roll initiative. All righty, so looking at how things stand here, currently, 25 to 20? 24, okay. Yeah. What's Pike's roll? Natural one? So Pike is at the bottom. Rolling in character for her. That's great. Great. 20 to 15? Hold on, so Grog and Vax 19. Percy? 18? All right, Scanlan, what did you get? 13. Perfect. Given that standpoint, we are at the top of the combat round. You watch as the pit fiend's wings unfurl. The jaw clenches as the fangs, now protruding from underneath its demonic visage, it looks past all of you into the alleyway, the source of the magic that seemed to affect it now its current intent. The other, the devilish female that stepped through the brief portal, her wings unfurled, floating gently off the ground, holding the longsword in one hand, a longbow strewn over her shoulder, and some sort of strange wound rope or lasso on her belt side. Fully armored, now looking intently as to what her next target is going to be. Vex, you are at the top. You're the top. 24! Okay. Hunter's Mark? All righty. Ghurrix. Correct. You still have to roll to hit, but then when it hits, it does the damage, and then the strength save is to see if it's restrained or not. Okay, Trinket rushes through. Trinket comes charging upward. (roars) What's it say for the specific ability? So yeah, one of your attacks would be a Bramble Shot. All right, go for it. What did you roll? A natural one again? Bramble Shot goes wide, swooping past it and slamming into the building behind it. You watch as the arrow explodes and a series of vines tangle outward and wrap around the side of the building. All right. All righty. 25 hits, yeah. 25 damage. All right. You already used your bonus action to Hunter's Mark, so he cannot. All right. Do you wish to move? Okay. Yeah, you can go ahead and dive into that little alcove there. I'll put you just slightly in there. And there you are. You're not quite hidden but you're peeking around the side. From Ghurrix? Oh, from Trinket you are roughly 40. A little over 40 feet away. All right? No worries. That's your turn. Keyleth, you're up. Right next to him. No. He's currently standing next to this block with a slave that's in chains that it's holding the chain to and was in the middle of barking before all of a sudden it watched this summoning happen. He's looking over right now and watching curiously about what's going down. Large. Watery Sphere. All right. So we'll use this as the Watery Sphere. We'll set it facing right there. All right. What's the save they have to make? Both of them have to make a strength saving throw. All righty. That is a 21 for the pit fiend. What's the DC? 19, so it succeeds. The erinyes makes an eight. She does not succeed. While the sphere seems to splatter and try and encompass the pit fiend, it is unaffected by the torrent of water. However, the winged erinyes, who's floating in the air, seems to be pulled into it and is now thrashing about within the water itself. You conjure the sphere-- From what I can see right here, no. You create the sphere and they are restrained, and then future turns, as an action, you can move it. You know, some bonus shit? Is that your turn? Are you going to move? Sure. All righty. All right, that end your turn? All right, that brings us to Vax. You're both tied. You and Grog are both at the same initiative level, so you both go at the same time, but it's up to you who goes first. That you can. Yes. We can totally do that. That you can. It's how it's supposed to be, man. Just saying. Your grapple can replace an attack, as we said before. So go ahead and make a strength athletics check. Correct. 22. Moving up, you have him currently grappled. TRAVIS and You currently have him grappled with your arm right now. You know what, sure. Why not? Yeah, because currently I'd say for the purposes of the grapple, because it takes you all of your strength to do so, you would not be able to attack with your axe while you have him grappled. That wouldn't function. You have him grappled. Go ahead and make another athletics check. He rolled a 17 plus eight. So that is a 25, so no. As you attempt to lift, these giant devil claws jam into the side of your shoulders. And as the pain hits, it forces you down, and you can't get enough lift. His wings are just too big. He's too dense. You're still holding onto him. All righty. All right, that ends Grog's turn. Yes, you are. Well, you're right next to him. Back that way? We'll say for the purposes of this, you're back behind him. Okay, so how far up did you fly? 38, gotcha. All right, that ends your turn? Let me go look up your spell. Until the spell ends, the creature is immune to being frightened and gains temporary hit points equal to your spellcasting ability modifier at the start of each of its turns. At the start of your turn, you get-- Basically. All righty. That ends your turn. Percy, you're up. You're currently inside Scanlan's mansion. Last thing you saw was Scanlan reach out and go "Fucking jenga!" and then disappear back into the doorway. You look out the door. You see the two chained celestial-blooded boys standing there looking confused and frightened. You see Scanlan holding their chains from behind currently glancing up as Vax has darted off, winged, and has begun throwing daggers from the air 50 feet up and behind where the pit fiend is. That's what you see. Sure. Your hand is out of the doorway. Cool. Go for it. Okay. Strength ability checks. 22 hits. Okay. 15 plus four? Okay, good. 26 hits. Yep. All righty. Good. That hits. Not yet. First round is going good for you guys. What was it again? Okay. Good to know. That ends Percy's turn. That brings us to the pit fiend. Let's see here. Silly grapple. Okay. Even with disadvantage, that is an athletics check of 25. I need you to make an athletics check. MARISHA and It bursts out of your grasp and takes up in the air with its giant wings. You do get an attack of opportunity on it. As does Trinket, actually. It (whoosh) in the air. It's actually going to stay about-- Let's say about 15 feet up about there. That's all he can do with his turn because of the trying to break out of the grapple. How much damage is that? Oh what was your roll to hit? Okay. Go for it. 27. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage. 21 hits. Go ahead and roll. I'll let you choose. 13. All right. Trinket as he bites upward, it doesn't do anywhere near the impact you think it would even for a nice solid bite. It seems to be resistant to Trinket's damage. Half damage from bears. No. That ends Ghurrix's turn. All right, that brings us now to the erinyes. The erinyes is going to attempt to escape. That's a 17 plus four. That's 21. Breaks free of the sphere. Erinyes, which can go 60 feet up, is going to fly up onto the rooftop there. Your sphere is left there on the ground. However, wasted the action to try and break through. All right. That ends their turns. The two celestial boys try and pull against the chains. Do you let go or do you hold them there? Okay. They both run this way. Do you yell this as they start to run way? Okay. They don't really know what the heck is going on. I'm going to roll to see if they recognize that in the panic. Okay. Both roll tens. They both hear you, stop, turn, and bolt into the mansion. What a dick. What a dick move. All right, Scanlan, you're up. 15 feet up off the ground, currently. You are currently... about 55 feet. 50 to 55 feet. You can move. Just so you know. Vax, you didn't get temporary hit points. Did you cast it on yourself or on Scanlan? You can't have two concentration spells up at the same time. Yes, it is. Sure. Because you're not used to casting spells. Sure. I'll let you. What? One of them is concentration. Because it's an action spell. One action from your haste spell can only be used for a weapon attack. Probably. That's totally fine. Sorry, I misunderstood earlier and thought you were just casting it on Scanlan. No worries. Okay, that hits. Boom. All righty. Great. So now it is Pike's turn. Oh, that's right. Keyleth, do you want to take an inspiration dice? Keyleth would be like, "I like whipped cream." There you go. So take your inspiration dice in misunderstanding Scanlan's extremely gross limerick. That's your bonus action. That's your movement. What do you want for your action? All righty. Interposing Hand. You have half cover, Keyleth, as Bigby's Hand is essentially giving you some sort of armor bonus. It gives her half cover. Target can't move through the hand's space if its strength score is less than or equal to the hand's strength score. The hand's strength score is 26. It is equal. So it can move through the hand. Hold on. Oh, it's less or equal to. So no, it cannot move through the hand. Sorry. I misread it. Currently, if it tries to force its way through the hand, it's going to hold it in place. There we go. All right. So that finishes your turn? All right. Now it's Pike's turn. Yes, you are. For the time being. Pike is inside the mansion right now. She watched Percy step into the door frame, fire a few shots out, and then duck right behind it again. Right now all she sees is Grog and Trinket were attacking the pit fiend as it flew off, and that's all she sees now is Grog and Trinket by themselves outside on the street. And this watery sphere that's floating in space. Okay, where is she going to cast it? (laughs) That's more of a flavor element. Okay. In true Sarenrae fashion. All right. So for the purposes of that we will say that this glowing yellow-- All righty. So we'll say that it's in the same space as him where you conjure it. There. At a fourth level. So at fourth level, that means its attacks do 4d8 plus five per hit. If it hits. Now that it's landed, so you cast a spell, it makes a melee attack. So go ahead and roll a d20, adding ten to that. That hits, so go ahead and roll 4d8 plus five. That's all the bonus action. She cannot cast any other spell, unless it's second level or lower. Things that are helpful Aid. Let's see, there is Prayer of Healing. Let us all cross our fingers that Blindspot finishes that thing they're shooting soon and she comes back to us. That's not how that works. You know what, we'll say for the purposes of this, if you want to cast Aid on somebody, otherwise, right now, you'll have to miss the turn. Because we have to keep this going. Okay. Up to three creatures within 30 feet. Their maximum hit points increase by five. And Scanlan, technically. Grog, Pike, and Scanlan would all work if you wanted to do that. Or you could do Channel Divinity, if you prefer that. No, it hasn't been seven days, so she can't do it yet. Since the Vorugal battle. Trinket, Scanlan, and Pike. So that's five additional hit points to Trinket's maximum, to Scanlan's maximum, and to Pike's. Okay, and then Pike darts back in. There you go. All right, that ends the first round of combat. Next round, I'll actually be able to do some things. Vex, you're up. At the top of your turn, as you glance up, you can see (whooshing) this hellish devil creature. Its presence itself quakes you to the core. I need you to roll a wisdom saving throw. 23, okay. You manage to resist the creature's fearful aura. Yeah. You may take the rest of your turn. 30 hits. Go ahead and roll damage on that. You vanish inside the mansion. All righty! All right, that ends your turn? Keyleth. Top of your turn, even with the Hand there, the creature's size is so large and voluminous by comparison to it, and you see it's still trained on you. I need you to make a wisdom saving throw. 21? Just succeeds. You guys are rolling real well tonight. It's frustrating me. It's on par. But we've only just begun. Continue. What are you doing, Keyleth? Your water sphere is still over there. All right. Splashes into the ground. All righty. Earthbind, there. That is a strength saving throw against your DC. Saving throw. That is a natural 20, so yeah. No effect, unfortunately. The spell gets shrugged off. It looks like we have an Ashley. Keyleth. Yeah, you can back away if you want to. You're right behind here. You see no entrance to the tower, but you can tuck into this little alcove there, if you want. This way? If you want to. If you move around-- Well, he's 15 feet above you. Yeah. He's a bigger creature. Moving beneath him, there's a possibility he may be able to hit you with something if you move past him. Sure. Over there? Into the lava? Okay, so there's a Grasping Vine over here. All right. It lashes out toward it, 30 feet. It has to make a dexterity saving throw. At a 26. Yeah. The vine reaches out toward him and he (whiplash) out of the way and it whips into the air and withdraws back. Tuck in there? Okay. As you rush underneath him, heading down, he has a large mace in his hand. He sweeps down toward you as you go darting. I'm going to actually roll a percentile dice to see if it manages to catch you, at your height, because you're a little over five feet tall. You do. The interposing hand is helping you against ranged creatures. The cover doesn't really-- Well, let me check, just to be sure. It does say 'opposite side of the cover'. So yeah, it's a plus two to your AC. As it charges underneath. It would catch you as you run past. That is a 26 to hit. Okay. So as you go rushing underneath him, scooting behind this wide arc, he swoops downward with the mace, and it clocks you in the side of the head as a burst of flame comes bursting out from the side of it. As you continue to run, you can already feel the blood pouring down the front of your face from the impact. 18 points of bludgeoning damage, plus 29 points of fire damage. To the head. (whack) The mace bursts into flame as soon as it begins to arc toward her. As it hits her in the side, you watch her stumble into the side of the alleyway, the blood pouring from her face. The flames burn the edges of her hair. The mace is now alight, angrily. That end your turn, Keyleth? Keyleth, you're done? Vax, you're up. Actually, no, we'll let Grog go first since you guys decided to do that. I'll switch you in the order here. Grog first. Well, what does it say on the boots? The roof is about where she is. She's about 25 feet up. You would be able to get up onto the roof and probably close enough to maybe get a throwing attack on her. You leap up. You might actually be able to do melee on this, looking at where she is. She wasn't quite that high, so you could actually make a melee attack. I was looking at her stand for her height, but that's just her-- You can, yes. 25 hits. Both hit. This is going to be nasty. Actually, hold on. Was it 22? Yeah, that's not going to matter. Okay, so it still hits. Go for it. All righty. 37, whew. That's nasty. All righty, so two heavy hits as you rush up, using the boots. You leap onto the rooftop, coming down with your axe into two giant swings across the armored lady. Each hits her, and you see sparks fly and a bit of blood begin to seep from some of the wounds. Definitely taking a nice little chunk out of her. Well, and you don't have time to really ask because she hisses in your face. All right, that end your turn? All right, Vax now. Correct. Okay, go for it. As you arc around here-- That hits. Okay. There's not enough space, technically-- So you're going to go across the way from here? And, Scanlan, you are not. Your Heroism goes away. So which direction are you going? Over here? That's why I bought you guys laser pointers. All righty, so, we'll say for this, we'll put you right there. Cool. All right, that ends your turn. Percy. Okay, so you step out of the doorway and look around-- Because currently, if you just poke out, all you see is the street in front of you. So you have to step out of the door and look around the side. Okay. So you step out of the doorway, look off to this side. You have a view of him. Okay. Yeah, it doesn't do damage, it just brings him down. Oh, sorry, but yeah, so 20 does-- Ability checks versus saving throws. So he rolls a 20. What's the DC? Okay, if you haven't updated it, that's your own fault. All right, so it succeeds the save. It does not get reduced. But it does take double damage, so go ahead and roll for that. Okay. Okay. 25 hits. That is a 26 on the strength save. All right, cool. 24 total. All righty. 21 hits. (laughing) Rolled the same, 26. No, he's-- 18 plus eight, yeah. I bought a dice to combat you, Percy! Okay. 15, got it. All right, cool! Going this way? This way? There you go. Okay, that ends Percy's turn. Next up is Ghurrix. Ghurrix, who currently the issue with the hand being a problem, it's frustrating-- (laughter) It's going to go ahead and make four attacks on you. Bite, claw, mace, and tail. Okay, the first one is the claw, that is a 32. All righty. So that is 13 points of slashing damage with the claw. So half of that would be six. The bite attack against you. That is-- Okay. So 26 to hit. What's the range on that? 60 feet, right? Yeah, so that's fine. 26 to hit? Go ahead and roll your d12. That'll do it! So frustrating. Okay. So, as he goes in to bite, you duck out of the way and it's going to grasp for your throat, however the shouting Scanlan causes his eyes to dart to the side and it just misses by an inch. It's going to go for its tail attack now. That is a natural 20. All right. Natural 20! (groans) I'm not even joking! I'm going to take a picture, 'cause that's fun. That's fun. Oh yeah! That's the one I use for my big actions. Oh no! This is where it starts. Hey. That was the tail, right? So that's 3d10... That was amazing. I kind of wish I was using that on the mace, but that's fine. That's 46 points of bludgeoning damage. Sorry, 44. Take that back, sorry, 44. There you go. 44 points of bludgeoning damage. Doesn't hit? Okay, so that ends its turn at the moment. And you know what? Actually-- It's going to go ahead and fly down a bit. Behind there. You do get an attack of opportunity if you'd like. Yeah, just reaching over toward it. 16? No. Now, the erinyes, which is up against you, Grog, let's see. Yep! It's going to go ahead and first reach off to the side and take its rope that it has. Throws it out in your direction. The rope suddenly sparks to life like a magical snake and begins wrapping around your body rapidly. All right, go ahead and make either a strength or dexterity check. No effect. The rope that tries to wrap around you bursts off and whips back to the side. The erinyes is now going to attempt to fly back and away from you, which is going to offer you an attack of opportunity, Grog. It's going to pull its bow out, its longbow, while it's up in the air, pull back and loose an arrow against you, Grog. That is 21. Yes. All righty. So you take seven points of piercing damage, halved. Plus 14 points of poison damage, which is not halved. I need you to make a constitution saving throw. You do, so you take half that, actually, so you take seven points of poison damage. You still need to make a constitution saving throw. Yeah, you're fine. You resist the poison effect as it pulses through your system. All right. It still has a little more movement, so it's going to go ahead and dart over. We'll say she darts down and vanishes behind this, there. All righty. That brings us to Scanlan. Nope! She jumped up on the top of the tower. Okay, so you're changing it from the interposing hand to a lift? Okay. So we'll say Bigby is pretty easy to lift you up. How far can you move Bigby in a turn? Yeah, so it would take ten, I'll say 15 feet to scoop you up, so there's another 45 feet that you can rise up if you want to. Bigby's Hand can lift you up to about there. So you can see, with half cover, the erinyes down there, and three-quarters cover from the-- It's hard to say. I'd say probably anywhere between 50, 60 feet? The erinyes is a little closer. She's maybe 35, 40 feet from you. You can probably aim it so it wouldn't. Sure, you can do that! You have to declare the spell. And whatever the trigger is. And who are you casting it on? Okay, good to know. All right, Pike, you're up. You are inside the mansion, the doorway of which is right there. It's this tiny little spot there. You don't see any of your friends, except for Trinket, who's across the way. You occasionally hear bouts of battle outside. To really see what's going on, you'd have to step out of the mansion. Not at all. As you step out, you don't see either of them. They are currently not visible from your perspective. But she doesn't know that. The downside of hiding in a mansion. Good news is, you're defended. Bad news is, you don't know what's going on. And Scanlan, way up in the air above you, being held by Bigby's Hand. Yeah, you can move it 20 feet. Understood. You're about 30 feet from Keyleth. Okay. There you go, Keyleth. It is. It's floating up in the air, about 15 feet up, in this alleyway here. You don't really know where any targets are at the moment, but you can still move it 20 feet if you want to. You don't know where either of them are. All right, that's the end of Pike's turn. Top of the round, Vex, you're up. You're still inside the mansion. All right, you fly out of the mansion on your broom. We'll say for the purposes of this that you're pretty close to Scanlan. So as you swoop up to the side, you can see just barely aspects of the two of them, hiding behind edges of rooftops and towers. So, over here. Yes, he has three-quarters cover, so he has plus five to his armor class. To get high enough to even see him, that's going to be your full movement. So you rolled a nat one? First arrow arcs off in the distance. 29 hits, yeah. Even with the three-quarters cover. All right, 20 points of damage. Nice. You can barely see him. Trinket's full movement, he can get there and start trying to climb. Go ahead and roll an athletics check for Trinket. Yeah, for him. Trinket is leaving these giant claw marks on the outside of the building. Not quite getting there. Starting to break the side of the stand that's next to him. Actually, at this point, too, a number of the individuals on the street that are watching, as you're starting to move around, people are starting to back away and leave the space. These two guys disappear and start heading out of the street to get away from everything. These guys all begin to move this direction to get away from it all, pulling their various chained servants with them. No, for the most part, once they realized the scope of what's going on, they were like, "We "should get out of the way." Ending Vex's turn, Keyleth, you're up. No, you have no visual on either of them. You could try. You saw him disappear behind the roof, but you don't see him. Around this way? Okay, you get your full movement there. Currently no view of him. What you would do is, you would begin casting the spell and hold your action of casting Sunbeam. Okay, and what's the trigger for it? Visual? Okay, good to know. That's the end of Keyleth's turn. Grog, you're up. Yes you can! With what sounds like a mild sound of cracking thunder, these two sides of his gauntlets slam, causing Grog's size to swell to astronomical proportions. What are the limitations on the boots? Right, and there's no limitation to the number of times it can be used? Gotcha. Cool. So you could attempt to do it. Okay, so as you jump and leap, I need you to make an athletics check. So you leap across the way and catch onto the side of the building there. Your fingers sink into the stone, your Titanstone Gauntlets. So that's your bonus action. You're now holding on to the side of the building. As you climb over the side, you do manage to get right over (impacts) right there. You see the erinyes is ducked down with the longbow drawn, with an arrow. Looks up and sees your much larger, now, face, grinning over the side, as you grin back and then (impact) land on the opposite. Yes, you may. 21? Does hit. However, she's going to use her reaction to parry. So, as you begin to do that, she releases the tension on the arrow, pulls her longsword out, and parries the blade to the side. It adds four to her AC, and you miss by one. The axe slides off and slams into the stonework next to her as she begins to step away from you. You don't know. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage. 36, oof. All righty. That end your turn? Perfect. All righty, that ends your turn. That brings us to Vax. At the beginning of your turn, as you're on the edge of the roof, you see the being's right there, looming, just out of your arm's reach. I need you to make a wisdom saving throw. 18? The sheer presence of this entity shakes you to the core. You are considered frightened right now. You cannot go toward him. While he's in the line of sight to you, your attacks and ability checks have disadvantage. As long as he's within your line of sight, you have disadvantage on all of your attacks and ability checks. Over here? In order to still be in view of the erinyes, he's still in view of you. So you'd have disadvantage on the attack against the erinyes. But you can go ahead and do it. You don't get advantage on the attacks for hitting someone. You just can sneak attack them. So disadvantage. Streaks off and returns to your side. You're landing over here, you said? You could probably scoot behind that way. All righty. Great. So, that ends Vax's turn. Percy, you're up. Which way? This way? Okay, so you're going to run over this way? Okay, good. That ends your turn. To get there, that'd have to be a dash. It's a move and dash. You would have gotten onto the bridge there. All right, so. Beginning of this turn. The pit fiend, Ghurrix, is going to then, its claws dug into the side of the roof, (roars) dart upward, wings out, in an upward arc toward Scanlan and Vex. I'm moving this away. Technically, Scanlan is there, and you're back that way because you went straight up out of the entranceway. Right? Right there? Takes up, you go ahead and get the Sunbeam, and you do, yes. So as soon as it appears up in the side there, you're doing Otiluke's Resilient Sphere? Otiluke's Resilient Sphere. That is a large creature. Dexterity saving throw. No, it cannot. It's okay. That is a 24. The lower, that was 21. So he makes it. Although technically, because he has advantage on the saving throw and you gave him disadvantage, it would've been the first roll. So yeah, it would've been 24. Sorry. So as the sphere begins to condense around him, he shatters it. However, your Sunbeam does still-- So, as you watch him appear in the air, you finish the spell and release the beam, arcing past like a laser across the sky. Constitution saving throw? That is 19. So he saves it. It still hits, he just takes half damage and isn't blinded. So go ahead and roll your damage. Nope. Leaps over and flies up right between the two of you, who are hovering up like this bright beacon in the sky. Oh, that's right! All righty! So you go ahead and-- Did you make your concentration save against that? Oh, Otiluke's was, correct, yeah. So you're falling. So you take, Scanlan-- No. 14 points of bludgeoning damage and-- You are about to stumble into it. The heat is so extreme at that point that you-- So, you take 14 points of bludgeoning damage, plus an additional ten points of fire damage due to proximity to heat, as the lava's right at the heel of your boots right now. All right. So, as it lands next to you-- It's going to unleash a full series of attacks against you. That's a 28. With the claw attack. So, you suffer-- 18 points of slashing damage for the first one. The bite attack is 25. This here, you take 15 points of piercing damage-- Sorry, 15 plus eight. So 23 points of piercing damage, total. I need you to make a constitution saving throw. Okay, so you are now poisoned as the fangs poison your body. You feel it pulsing through yourself. And you suffer-- 25 points of poison damage from failing the save. You see white, right now, as you slam onto your back and (groaning) the ringing in your ears as this is happening. The tail attack is a 29 to hit. That is some bad rolls, actually. 16 points of bludgeoning damage. And the mace. 25 to hit on the mace. So, you suffer 18 points of bludgeoning damage, so mark that. Well, you took another 18 from the mace hitting you. Yeah, this is the last attack. So, 18 plus-- So you took the 18 bludgeoning damage, plus an additional 15 points of fire damage. With that, all of a sudden you watch as the mace slams Vex in the side. Her form goes limp, arcing through the air. The broom spinning off and scattering across-- So, it's spinning and scattering behind you as you arc over at the impact, that way-- I'm going to roll a scatter die on this. That's a three. You arc this way, so you fall and land onto the stonework, there. From the fall and impact, yeah. So you automatically suffer one failed death saving throw, from the impact. Pike, you watch as Vex, crack! onto the stonework there, one of her legs hanging off to the side. No, you smack. There's no bounce to this. Might've been worse if it had. Yeah, kinda. Just, crack! So that's going to end the pit fiend's turn. The erinyes is-- She's going to attempt to move away from you. She does not want to be close to you. Yeah. Go ahead and take your attack of opportunity. 24, that hits. Go ahead and roll damage. Nice. Darts off this way and, taking the impact, you see she's starting to look a little rough. Pulls in the side with her longbow. She's going to take three shots at-- you're on the ground, you just fell out of the sky and impacted. She's going to take three shots at Scanlan. Actually, you're prone on the ground, so you're going to be harder for her to hit. Three shots at Keyleth. That is a 28 to hit. That is a 19 to hit. 18 to hit. All three hit, okay. So you suffer, let's see. Each one of these is poisoned. I need you to make a constitution saving throw, by the way. Three, technically. Scanlan does not. Yeah, but Scanlan also lost that because he cast it on the-- You would actually have probably lost concentration on that when you took all the damage. I forgot to do that, because I'm not used to you casting. Roll four constitution saving throws. Your constitution saving throw. Yeah, we'll say you maintained it. (cheering) Okay, so you are poisoned. So you take, on all three hits, the first one is going to be 17 points of damage. That was crazy, I rolled four sevens. 28 for the second hit. 18 for the third hit. So there you go. And then the erinyes ducks behind the side, there, to try and gain some cover off the wall. That's going to bring us to Scanlan. That's as far as you can get, is right there. The sniper can still get you. With 25 movement, you can't get far enough away, unless you want to use your action to dash. Actually, technically, you used half your movement for prone, so you can only get that far. Currently, no. You can't get that far. If you want to. And what are you going to do? Okay, so. Scanlan's holding his turn. Pike, what are you doing? You're about roughly 50 feet from her. You could, yeah. What's the range on Mass Cure Wounds? Range of 60 feet. Oh, in a 30 foot radius. So you'd have to move, you can get about there, move around Scanlan, and you can get Scanlan, Vex, and Keyleth, if you wanted to. All right, so that's 4d8 plus five. Well, that's the plus five. Okay, so 31 hit points healed to Scanlan, Keyleth, and Vex. The Aid one? Yeah, you still have that, technically. You can. It won't get close enough to fight, but it does move a little closer. Sure. It'll be about there. Yeah. We'll say it's a little ways back. He needs to move a little bit closer. All right, that ends your turn? Okay, at this point in time, as you're paying attention, Percy, as you're around the corner, looking up and seeing the fiend right there, you glance over to the right at the top of the round as you watch one of the Illuminated begin making its way that way. It starts coasting up the side. It's coasting through, seeing all these things going off, spells and shit. You see it cruising through the air, a little bit high up, and is just arriving on the scene here, taking in the visual perspective here. As soon as it turns around the corner, it looks at you, looks at everything happening, and its hand goes for its weapon, looking at all of you surrounding it. Currently, it appears to recognize the individual up above, and you all not being from here. Yeah. You do. It sees a bunch of Vexes and Vaxes, essentially. A bunch of slaves rising up against a pit fiend, is what it's seeing. So, top of the round, Vex. You are prone, but conscious. All right, so that's half your movement there. You're still poisoned. All right, yeah, so you are no longer poisoned. That is your action. By the way, by going unconscious, you lost your Hunter's Mark. Okay, make a persuasion roll. You toss the gems, they scatter across the ground in front of this efreeti, holding its weapon to the side. He just snarls. All right, that ends your turn? Unless you want to move from your current position. You have half your movement now, so you can move 15 feet. Okay, you move into the mansion. All righty, that ends Vex's turn. Keyleth, you're up. Okay, so saving throw. That would be 24. All righty. Well, how much damage does it deal? It still takes half damage. 16 points of radiant damage. You drop the poison. When you go into your air elemental form, as your bonus action, the poison is cast out of your form. So you're no longer poisoned. Yes. Real fast, just to make sure, I keep forgetting. The Sunbeam you had, and you took a bunch of hits from the erinyes? The damage you took from the erinyes. I need you to roll three constitution saving throws. I need to remember to do this. It's a lot to remember, guys. My apologies. Damage that she took from the arrows, earlier. All right, so in theory the Sunbeam would already have gone away before-- 14? That's fine. What was the damage you took from the third arrow? Did you write down the damage you took? Okay, I'll say, I don't think any attack did more than 26 to you-- It's my own fault for forgetting. It's fine. So you maintain your Sunbeam. We're good. All righty, so. You turn into an air elemental. Do you want to move or stay where you are? You can. There you go. That ends your turn. All righty, Grog. Totally. Go for it. Right. All right. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage on that. 29 points of damage. The axe jams and embeds itself into the back. The pit fiend is like (snarling). The voice once again emanates from its telepathic push into your respective brains in the vicinity. "You have angered the city guard. You have no victory now." I need you to roll an acrobatics check to land this. You are heavy, and the chain itself is going to come loose as you come down, so roll an acrobatics check. You swing, and you land. You stumble. You roll and land straight into the lava. Okay. I'm going to check one thing in here, real fast. There actually is, as I found out later on, there is a rule for lava damage. I want to make sure. Sorry, I'm looking this up now. I'm going to go ahead and use a dice roller on this one. This is in the Plane of Fire, and this is the real rules for lava damage, as opposed to mine, made up earlier and not fully considering the complications. So you suffer 63 points of fire damage, Grog. As you are currently Terminator-ing it into the lava right now. So that ends your turn? Vax, you're up. Over here? LIAm Yeah, up to the wall. (impact) Dagger dagger dagger. So flanking, advantage. First attack is a 26. She's going to pull her longsword out and parry to the side. The second attack does not hit. She adds a plus four to her AC. Okay. Oof, nice. So, as you dart up around and land to the side, as you jam the blade into her side, she gasps out and you can feel the strange, burning warmth of her blood on your hand. She's not doing too well. All right, that ends your turn? All right, Percy. In your visual range right now, you have the pit fiend up in the air, you have the efreeti that just arrived, that is currently assessing the situation and is not favorable in your path right now. 24 hits. Strength save to try and--? That's a 27. Okay. All right, make a deception check. No. Okay. As you come charging through the doorway, you guys watch as Percy's form disappears into the space, which is immediately followed by a heavy slamming sound as the pit fiend, like a Keyteor, drops right there, on the ground, right next to Pike and Scanlan. It shouts over its shoulder, "Call your men!" as it emanates from its psychic wave of telekinetic speech, "Call your "men! I need aid." Going to unload on the beacon of divinity that stands before it, that has healed-- So, as it moves into the space, what's the save on that again? That is a 22. Plus eight to his dex saving throw there. He has resistance. He slams onto the ground. As you wave at him, Pike, he makes his claw attack against you. That is a 19 plus, that's a 34 to hit. So that is 20 points of slashing damage, Ashley. It's going to attempt to bite you. It's a natural 20 on the bite. That's not good, at all. That is 40 points of piercing damage, Ashley, and I need you to make a constitution saving throw. All right, so you also suffer, as the poison courses through your body, that is 25 points of piercing damage. I'm not going to double that, because technically it's not the attack, it's the poison that hurt you. The poison isn't critical. That's a gift. Now it's going to swing with its tail action. That is a 20 to hit. Well, hold on. You're going to Cutting Words? Roll that d12, man! You earned that shit! That's enough! So, the tail sweeps over to try and smash Pike. As you start singing, the tail, halfway through, stops, and it looks at you. Then continues the swing, but that's just enough for Pike to dodge out of the way, as it cracks into the stonework. However, it then backswings with its mace toward you with its final attack, Pike. That is a 22 to hit. So you suffer 15 points of bludgeoning damage, plus-- You're unconscious? Well, that would have been an additional 24 points of fire damage. So Pike is poisoned and unconscious. Scanlan, you feel the blade at your side begin to vibrate at the end of your song. The Mythcarver that's been sitting there, it begins to shake and quiver at your side. The erinyes is against you now, it's its turn. Throws the bow to the side, on the ground. Pulls its longsword out and is going to go three attacks against you, having jammed your blade into its side. First one is going to be a 19? That is a 13. Last hit is a 24. That is even better. That is a 25. So you take the hit for the longsword. That is five plus four, it's nine points of slashing damage. Actually, sorry, that would be plus more-- Nine points of slashing damage, plus you take 20 points of poison damage. Technically, it's all in one strike, so the whole attack would be halved. Nine plus 20. You take 14 points of damage. There you go. All right, Scanlan, it's your turn. Okay, as you sing, Pike, you do not heal anything. Pike remains unconscious, bleeding. The healing does not make its way through. But anyway, what are you doing? You don't notice this. You sing to her, finish your verse, what are you doing? All righty. Dominate Monster? Wisdom saving throw. So that would be 23. 13 plus ten, he would've had disadvantage but he has advantage against spell saves, so it comes to a single roll. Okay, which way are you going? Okay, so as you move toward the mansion, you go through to the lighted doorway. It gets an attack of opportunity on you, Scanlan. It's going to make its bite attack. That is a 21 to hit. All right. You suffer 20 points of piercing damage. I need you to make a constitution saving throw. 21. You just succeed in shrugging the poison off, as it bites out at you and the teeth claw against your shoulder as you run past, scooting around the way to where the entrance to the mansion is. You're still feeling the blade vibrating at your side. It's almost like a pulse, like it's trying to fight to be free. So you rush around. You get to this side. Okay, there you go. That ends your turn, Scanlan? Pike, I need you to make a death saving throw. Okay, so that's a failure. You also take a pulse of the poison damage in your body, so you fail another death saving throw. The efreeti, now, watching you now attack and go after this fiend, pulls its blade out and rushes toward you, Scanlan. He's heading toward you. "Halt! In the name of the Sultan!" Takes its blade out, and it's going to make two scimitar attacks against you, Scanlan. Actually, he's not going to move toward you. He's going to stay back there, on top of the bridge, and he's going to hurl two balls of flame at you. That is going to be a 21 to hit. And a ten to hit. So the second one misses you and blasts in the ground next to you, but the first one does-- That is 13 points of fire damage to you, Scanlan, as the fireball blasts against your chest. All righty, that brings us to the top. Vex. You see Pike, unconscious, on the ground. Okay. As you rush forward to cast your spell, I will say, make an intelligence check. You see that Pike's unconscious. What'd you roll? So yeah, you have no idea that she's poisoned. You just see her unconscious on the ground. I mean, you wouldn't know to. She wouldn't have heard you, she was in the mansion. Downside of using it as a defense mechanism. You're up next, Keyleth. No. If she knew there was poison. As you rush forward, Trinket distracting, are you using your bonus action to have Trinket attack? So go ahead and roll the attack with Trinket. You rush forward and put your hands onto Pike, desperately trying to heal her. As the energy pulses through her body, no effect. All you see is the wound from the bite of the fiend in her neck, and you see the dark veins curling up. Now you know, at that proximity, that it's poison. All right. Good to know. Yes, you will. Keyleth, your turn. From this perspective, you will hit him with your Sunbeam. You can move around this direction, try and do it there. So burst that way. Just wanted to make sure you're aware of-- All right. Rolled two threes in a row. Does not save. Okay, so as you dart around the side of the erinyes, you see her bloodied-- --begins hacking at Vax, right next to you. You rush around, your hands glow. This beam of sun energy bursts out. You hear the screaming echo as her body is turned to ash within her armor, causing the armor to clank to the ground, the rope at her side scattering to the ground as well. She has been destroyed. You do. You've moved five feet, so you still have-- Yeah, you can get up next to him, if you want to. You want to get up next to him? There? You could fly over and flank him this way, if you wanted. Kind of hard to flank without stepping into the mansion, unfortunately, because the door is right there on the flank. Not really. You have to be on the entire opposite side from somebody else. So there's no real place you can flank here, unfortunately. Good to know. So you are puffing up real big. We'll say above. All right, cool. Grog. Well, first you take 74 points of fire damage from being in the lava at the start of your turn. You can. It'd be 48. You take 48 points of fire damage. The pain is unbearable, but you use that to fuel your anger as you climb out, feeling the molten rock spilling off of your body. I imagine you're going to want to move out of it. You want to flank around this way, or this way? Okay, so you pull around to that side. Generally, attack of opportunity is against the creature that's running, so it'd probably be against you. Okay, so you reach down. You grab her using your full action, pick her currently unconscious, limp form in your arm, cradling her. You see the wound, the blood, across her. You pick her up and you go running around, into the door. As you do, the pit fiend-- He already took his attack of opportunity earlier, so yeah, he does not get one. So you grab Pike, and move, and disappear into the doorway with her. All righty. That ends your turn, Grog. Vax, you're up. Be ready, Percy. Okay. 24 hits, yep. As an action, you touch a creature. You used one to attack. You could use your haste attack to hit him on the way through, and that can only be used as an attack anyway, because that's the nature of the haste bonus. You can use your action to neutralize the poison. This poison, you're not quite sure. You don't know the circumstance. Okay, so the poison is removed from her. That is as much as you can do. You cannot see him from that side of the door. The doorway is facing outward. He's on the other side of the doorway. That is the end of your turn. Pike is no longer poisoned. The bulging black veins retract from her throat. The shallow breath is still there, though fading. Percy. Well, for your bonus. Well no, it would be your action to feed her a potion. All right, so, feeding her just a basic? All righty. That is a 2d4 plus two. Pike is now at five hit points and conscious. Percy, that end your turn? Vex is roughly 15 feet. 15 feet will get you inside, and get her just outside the door. That's your move. All righty. Now it is Ghurrix's turn. Ghurrix, who watched his summoned ally get thrown back to the Hells through the Sunbeam that blasted over the side, looks over to the efreet that appears to be, now, on his side. Takes a leap up (whooshing, crashing) in between Scanlan and Vex. Let's see. He's real angry at both of you. You've tried twice to put him in a magic sphere-- As an intelligent creature that is very, very familiar with high-level mind controlling-- This is true. Regardless, he's going to take a claw and a bite attack at you, Vex, and then make a mace and tail against you, Scanlan. Well, wait till we get to it. So the claw against you is 34, with a 19 on that. You take 18 points of slashing damage from the claw. The bite attack-- That is a 25 to hit. All right, you suffer (adding) 21 points of piercing damage. I need you to make a constitution saving throw. Well, you're unconscious. The spell goes away. Sorry. The poison damage isn't what knocked her unconscious. The bite hits, she falls unconscious, and the poison goes through her body. Okay, you fail a death saving throw as the poison courses through your body. You are now poisoned and unconscious, right outside the mansion door. Now, for you, Scanlan. The tail attack is a 20 to hit you. 33 points of bludgeoning damage. As the tail spins and slams you to the side, you get pushed against the wall in the corner where you've been hiding. The mace is going to swing toward you. That is going to be a 25. Even an ambassador to the Nine Hells is taken aback by the sheer filthiness of this limerick. Go ahead and roll your d12. The mace hits you from the side. That is 11 points of bludgeoning damage. Plus 16 points of fire damage. Still standing, Scanlan? Nice. All right. That's going to end the pit fiend's turn. Scanlan, you're up. Do you pull the blade from the scabbard? Right, the second time, as you pull the blade out, you can see it's glowing, and it's like a tuning fork. It's vibrating at the tip, and the sword is wanting to guide you. It's your call. What do you want to do, Scanlan? Your choice entirely. You get nine points, all right. You heal nine points. Okay, so you used your Cutting Words feature, so your attack's at advantage, right? So, as you let the sword guide you, you feel this energy, this warmth come from the blade, fill your arms, and for a second you watch and feel the spirit of a hundred bards that have wielded this blade course through you. You see many, many foes that have fallen to its blade and those that have fallen clutching it at their side. And utilizing that, you unleash a flurry. You actually get to attack four times, all with advantage. 24 hits. That last one misses, but the first three hit. Go ahead and roll damage on those. 29 total, okay. So as the energy courses through your body, the blade in your hand. How do you want to do this? (cheering) He only had 22 hit points left. As one wing is cloven off from one side, in a clean cut, it turns into ash and fire on one side. The other wing darts off, hits the lava, and turns to ash across the top of that. This time, as it's snarling toward you, the voice in your head saying, "I will find you!" the blade (stabbing) right through its chest. (gasping) Its jaw hangs open as you say that. Its eyes go dark, and the body burns into ash and dissipates. Make a deception check. The efreeti stops his assault on you. It was ready for another Fireball, and as you shout this, it halts. (grunting) It's taken pause. You're not sure it believes you. Everything that it's seeing here, probably familiar with the pit fiend and the power that it holds, versus one of the Illuminated. You see it looking over, past your shoulder. You glance over and you see five more efreeti walking in the direction that it called. It's taken pause, though. Meanwhile, I need you to make another death saving throw. Okay. So you're okay for now. However, you still take poison damage from the poison pulsing through your system. Not yet. There is the efreeti that is standing there and has halted his assault. He's assessing the situation. So that's the end of Vex's turn. Keyleth, what are you doing? You're currently up where it was, in your elemental form, with multiple efreeti making their way down the road this way. She's unconscious, and poisoned, and bleeding out-- You would have an action, yes. You do. Okay, so you are now back to Keyleth. Okay, the poison is no longer pulsing in your veins, Vex. All right. So, that being the case, Grog, you're up. Yeah, as you poke your head out, you can see there is a singular efreet that is standing on the edge there, that is, flame in his hand, crackling, staring at Scanlan, but in a reserved position. You see about five of them rounding the corner towards the Arches. Scanlan is still outside. Scanlan's off in the corner. You see him. Make a deception check, Grog. The efreet standing there went from unsure if truth to, "They're fucking lying." Eyes glare back at you, Scanlan. Vax. What are you doing? So you're now conscious, Vex. Percy. We have more efreet heading down this pathway here. Scanlan, it's your turn. Pike, you're after Scanlan. Oh! I did accidentally miss your turn last time in the mansion. What do you want to do, Pike? You gave her one. Just one. You can do that; you can mete it out. 5th-level Cure Wounds onto you, Vex. This is looking very bad. This is the entire city guard now coming at you. How much does that heal? Looking much better than you did a second ago. That ends your turn, Pike, or are you going to do anything else? Scanlan, you're now about to be flanked by a series of efreet. This whole thing's been, roughly, from beginning to end, about two minutes, yeah. From a spatial positioning standpoint. Okay! It has to make a wisdom saving throw. Because technically you are fighting the creature because Grog made it hostile again, it does get advantage on the saving throw. I think it may be just an attack. That's why I'm going to check, yo. I'm glad you're using it on enemy rolls now! You can also spend a luck point when an attack roll is made against you. That would've been really powerful. That's cocked. That is 19. What is your spell DC, again? You watch its eyes glaze over for a minute, and the flame flickers out in its hand as it drops to the side. What are you doing? What are you modifying? So you paint out this whole memory, this whole image of watching this pit fiend, caught by you guys and this Illuminated efreet, that this plot was uncovered. The scuffle continued and you make this entire epic battle, where somehow you're the most powerful creature in the universe and tore this thing asunder, practically one-handed, next to this efreet. You instill it with the joy and the pride that it just foiled a plot against the Sultan. You watch as its limp self puffs up with its hands on its hips. As the spell finishes taking effect, rewriting its memory, it looks down at you and goes, "You are brave, small one!" "Your assistance will be remembered." He puts his hand out to clasp yours. It encompasses your entire elbow with a Beastmaster shake. As the rest of the Illuminated swoop in now to catch up, weapons drawn, the one that you were talking to goes, "There is no need! We have thwarted the plot. The Sultan is safe. This slaver "here, and his paltry allies, they helped me stop it." The rest of the Illuminated go, "Piss off. "You're blowing-- Stop blowing smoke. Well done." The efreet that you cast on looks a little deflated. "No, but seriously!" Points to the ashes there on the ground and goes to join the rest of them. They're giving him shit. You can tell there's a rapport with them. They don't fully believe his story, but there doesn't appear to be any intent against you. Through a brief conversation with them, they have no reason to consider you an enemy. You've, through a single series of lucky rolls and a perfect use of Modify Memory, prevented the probably 10,000-ish Illuminated that were in the city. Let me look at the specific-- More than that! You're looking at 50,000 Illuminated that are in the City Guard. It did not turn to ashes. However, when you grab it, it is a dull, cold iron mace that is too large for you to use. I mean, you could use it, but it would be disadvantage on attacks. No, the rest of it's just ash. The rest of it burned away into ash. There is the symbol that he had, yeah. You would find that, which is his mark of his station within the embassy. Nope. Look at the mini-- Nope. Did you check for anything else, while you're here? As apparently the rest of the crowd has begun to come back and fill in the Arches again. Okay, there is her armor scattered across the top of the wall. The bow is broken. There is the longsword, and you do see the rope still there, as well as a pair of nice boots. So you grab the sword, you grab the boots, and you grab the lasso. Everybody ducks inside of the mansion. All right. As you guys all duck into the mansion, take a rest, we're going to take a bathroom break here. We'll be back here in a minute. We have a little more story resolution to go through before I finish the episode tonight, so hold off just a second. And Scanlan, you can go ahead and get your-- This is Mythcarver in its awoken form. Okay, gather gems. We are having a giveaway tonight. Our fantastic friends at Wyrmwood are giving away this awesome magnetic dice box. I believe, they check in the chat room, right? So go ahead and check in the chat room, you can go ahead and enter. They'll have the instructions there. We'll have the announcement of who wins this at the end of the break. Okay, after break, we'll come back with the winner of that. So pay attention to the chat room, enter. We'll give away, to one lucky winner, this awesome Wyrmwood dice box. Thank you guys. We'll see you back here in a few minutes. Hello, guys, and welcome back to Critical Role! We do have a winner in the chat room jenksone9. You are going to be winning this awesome Wyrmwood dice box. Congratulations! Make sure that you talk with our mods and folks in the chat room to get your information. Congratulations, and thank you for entering! Awesome. So. Returning to the circumstance. You, Vox Machina bruised, beaten, and through some clutch timing-- and thank god some of you guys got initiative at the top of that round. Maybe we'll talk more about this on Talks on Tuesday, because there's some shit that could have gone really wrong if you guys didn't get initiative or if you hadn't grappled him at the beginning. Yeah, it would've been bad. Anyway, while you guys are taking a short rest-- so you can go ahead and use as many of your hit dice to heal up, if you want to. On top of whatever you used your hit dice on, you also heal 1d12. Correct. Well, he rolls it, so Sam, go ahead and roll that. Everyone heals 12 hit points, and then let me know how much you heal based on your hit dice. All right, Percy's fully healed. Is anyone looking at the items you found? Okay. Boots or rope? 168 on Grog. All righty. Vax is full. 85 on Scanlan. Awesome, so boots or rope, Vex? Okay, so I'm going to pass these over to you guys. So you essentially release the rope as an action toward a creature within 20 feet, and it tries to wrap it and restrain it. Restrained. Grapple just means their movement is brought to zero. Restrained means their movement is brought to zero, attack rolls against them have advantage, and attack rolls that they make have disadvantage. And they have disadvantage on dexterity saving throws. It's an action. Well, grapple is different from restrained. With the rope, yeah, you can do that. You're your own moving gallows. Yeah. Probably not going to work on Thordak, just saying. Thank you, Pike. You did, yeah. So as you guys finish a short rest, you've taken in the circumstance. You've narrowly avoided a very, very bad situation with the city. What do you guys want to do? You're inside the mansion. You still have the two slaves you acquired. The servants did take the chains off of them. They're both hiding in the back of the foyer as you guys are resting. "Hi." They both seem a little more relaxed than when you first spoke with them. "I'm Kyor. He's Hunin." "Thank you." "Whatever you need." "Maybe a year?" "We were taken from our mother, on the poorer side of Therines." "It's in Wildemount." "She sold us off." Because we're special. I've changed the music. For you. You can see Hunin, who's being really quiet and basically letting Kyor talk, and you get the sense he's probably the more talkative of the two. "We have no real care or love for her, for what "she's done." "Whatever the fates bring us toward, I suppose. We'll walk that." He still seems uncomfortable and very much like, "what are you going to do?" Looks over to Hunin. Hunin looks and shakes his head. "This place is terrible. If you know a "way out, please, take us with you." "I like snow. Where we're from, there's lots of snow." "Okay." "We're both about..." You can see they have to think for a second. You get the sense that they probably didn't have a very good education, either, where they came from. "About 15?" "Yes." The other spectral servants come and take their hands, lift up, and lead them toward the kitchen where they both excitedly seem to enjoy the prospect of fresh food. It sloshes a bit. There's enough for half a cup. For one. (bear noises) Rubs against you. He seems pretty proud. (bear noises) That would've been a great Bigby's Hand moment. So you guys have gathered your things. You've gathered your two companions. You still have the illusions. You totally kissed your sister. And then right now planted one on a flaming, dark-skinned, bearded fellow. As you guys gather your things, you make your way back out into the Thoroughfare of the Arches, where you can see there is now a heavier patrolling guard of Illuminated in the vicinity. You get an elbow right to the stomach. She's grown up with you. She knows exactly where you are going to whisper into her ear. As you guys begin to make your way, backtracking to the location of Juuraiel's building... without incident. Though there are a few tense moments of you guys staying in the public eye, you've watched how other people walked about the city, the lack of communication from folks that don't seem to be on the upper echelon, and avoiding as much of the Illuminated as you can, with their flaming amulets. Eventually, you find your way back to the large slowly spiraling black-and-gold abode of Juuraiel. The door has the same knob on the front. You knock. The door is lifted and the two fire giant slaves greet you and lead you into the home. There across the way on the other side of her large desk, still waiting, arms crossed, fingers intertwined, you see grinning the ever opulently dressed Juuraiel. Waiting for you all to approach quietly, with a smile on her face. Her eyebrows tensed and furrowed, expecting either a sweet victory or word of a sweet defeat. Either way, she wins. She reaches down and plucks it; it dangles. She looks at it. "So it is done, then?" You can see the brow unfurls ever so slightly, and a look of peace washes over her face for a moment. She takes the small amulet in her hand and clutches her fingers around it and closes her eyes. "You've done me a great service this day, and you have upheld your end of the bargain. "For this, I thank you." She pulls a drawer open in the desk and plops it in, slams it shut. (slam) "I "absolve you of the ownership I have against you. My servants will collect your necklaces. Thank "you. Thank you very much." "Yes. My apologizes. It's been a long day." She reaches up and takes the armor pieces there and sets it on the edge of the desk. "Now, the deal is done. Get out." "I would recommend doing it towards the foyer door." Okay, so you guys help her get out of her armor. The fire giant's awkwardly watching from a distance as she's down to her skivvies. Well, she doesn't have to get fully naked in here. She's not naked under the armor. There's padding and stuff. That'd be painful as shit. Pinches everywhere. But the plate, which is about human size, it's too large for Pike, and it gets loose when you get inside of it. It's hanging off of her. Once you get the last piece of the armor on, she looks like a child wearing her parents' clothing. And then, with a creaking sound, all armor snaps to her form, and you watch as the beautiful brass scrolling across the armor itself begins to brighten. You can see bits where the scrolling glows with this pulsing, almost internal fire, and the rubies gleam. And you see the air around her begin to distort, like the air distortion over a hot flame. Yeah, Travis. Read it in Ashley's voice. You start walking up wearing the armor you just won and ask her this question? Both of her hands reach up over the desk, because you can barely see her from your vantage point, you're so small by comparison. Both of her hands reach over, grasp the edge, and she leans forward, looming over you, her large grinning dark skin, vibrant red hair, braided, adorned with jewels and metallic bands of platinum. She leans down. "It is not for you to worry about. Now, "leave me to my collection. You've already taken one from me." It's actually very comfortable and quite cool. No. (laughter) It's still pretty loud. From unconsciousness, yeah. It's a good Vestige. All right. So. I'd say, with you guys not having a guide and trying to go off memory in coasting through, it'll take you a little over an hour, but you do find it. The establishment you now see from the other side. There are three different types of languages written above the top. One of them is Common; it says "Flame Garden," and that is the name of his jeweler's business. As you guys come to the front doors, which are actually open for business, there are no customers in there at the moment, and you see Uten in the back is currently working on some sort of a crafting circumstance, has a heavy jeweler's visor-type setup with a number of magnifying circular glasses set up, and is currently grinding something small against a piece. You see Senokir is off in the corner, currently going through papers, and as you guys step inside, he glances over. "So. Hello. It's good to see you so soon. Can I help you?" "That could very well be amenable. I am glad you returned, for if you are on your way, this "would be a good a time for me to ask for your favor." He turns around and goes behind an area and moves a couple of things around. You seem to hear the clicking of something unlocking. "No need. But you're sweet" And he pulls out a small, dark box. It's about this big. "Here. I want you to take this and do me a favor. This will consider our debt cleared, yes?" TALIESIN and "This box contains the ashes of my late wife Zaafin. I've kept them for years and had been "intending to make a trip to Vasselheim and bury it beneath the Birthheart in the Abundant Terrace "where she once lived, toiled as a girl. I would hope that you do this, and I will consider our "pact complete." (laughs) Sure, go ahead. This is your night, Laura. Sure. 18. He's hard to read. By his nature, everything is even-keeled and strange. You can't keep rolling insight until somebody gets a ridiculous number! Good. Great. I'd say, it's about eight inches by eight inches, and about maybe four inches high. Okay, cool. You're all very confused. "Well, I appreciate both meeting you all." "The Birthheart. Bury it where the nature's roots touches the soil. She'd like that." "This would have been four years, two months, six days--" "It's where she grew up as a girl." "Good." "Indeed." "Thank you." "Hold on, I'm conversing. What were you saying?" "Yes, indeed." "Thank you." "Very good." "All right. Well, I'll be here." "Zaafin." (quiet laughter) "Thank you so much. Stay safe." He turns around and goes back to his paper. He's just going through his papers, not paying attention. All right, where are you guys going? All righty. You all concentrate, focus yourselves, clasping your hands together, concentrating on the Prime Material Plane. Keyleth, with the memory of Fort Daxio before you, you grab out your tuning fork component, your focus that you use for the spells to consider the plane. You find yourselves suddenly shift once more, the air almost escaping your lungs as that cold sensation grasps your torso and you feel like you're being thrust through a doorway. Suddenly, it comes back and the warmth hits you once again of the sunlight. You open your eyes, and you're standing in the Othendin Pass once more. Though not as you left it. There are billowing clouds of black in the air around you. You hear the shouts in the distance as the fort itself is currently under siege. You see what appears to be dozens of flying creatures currently swooping in and attacking. Most of the landscape here has been recently charred or burned. The bits of scrubland that you see have been burned to small ashy cinders. Fort Daxio is in the process of falling. And that's where we're going to go ahead and pick up next Thursday. SAM and With the full rest you took to prepare for your encounter with the pit fiend and the travelling to and from, probably close to two days. Anyway, we'll pick that up next week. Oh, two weeks. Yeah, that's right. Two weeks from now, because Thanksgiving. Congrats on getting all your known Vestiges, guys! You sent out and notified a number of individuals. True Vox Machina. Regardless, guys, great job tonight. We'll see you guys back here in a couple weeks. Some of us will be here next Tuesday for Talks Machina. It's here on Twitch and Alpha. Yeah. Yeah, playlist on Friday, tomorrow, from Keyleth.