Good evening, everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons and Dragons. My name is Matthew Mercer. I am the dungeon master for the show, and we're excited to have you. A couple of cool things about this, for those who are checking in or aren't aware of what's going on our main party, Vox Machina, has been split for two different trials. We'll get into that story in a little bit, but because of that, we have some guests playing. This will be the second week of our two fantastic guests, Wil Wheaton and Will Friedle. We're excited about them. They're pretty nice. This is the second week of the Wills; we're excited to have them. Also, do we have any other announcements anyone wants to talk about? Anything crazy coming up? Congratulations! Oh wait, is this the one that has Jemaine Clement in it? Yeah, I've heard of this. This episode sponsored by What We Do-- no, I'm kidding. That's not a real name. Tomorrow. Wondrous. Why? I can't imagine why you would be. Yeah, to 826 and deliver all your wonderful donations. Last announcement I have to make. Let's see. The wonderful folks at Midnight Syndicate-- for those who don't know who they are, they make fantastic music and soundtrack tracks. They've done an official DND soundtrack years ago, and they've done stuff for World of Darkness and Call of Cthulhu. They do great atmospheric music. They finally got back to me, and they gave me permission to use their songs on this feed, so my playlist expands even further. They're really cool guys. That was a while back. It was before we started the stream. But they responded, and they've been really cool about it, and if you're looking for your own soundtrack stuff to work on, they have a great array of stuff. I highly recommend checking out Midnight Syndicate. I'm trying, but Freddie hasn't returned my e-mails. That's okay, Shadowrun's cool. We lost Wheaton. Thorbir died really fast tonight. Yay, we got a Laura! That's true. Indeed. There's a distinction. It is a creative character. No buckets were harmed in the announcement here. All right, so. I think if we're all ready, let's go ahead-- You don't have a pencil? I'm going to throw a pencil at you. I mean, gingerly hand it to our fantastic overlord, who will deliver it. Yeah, so let's go ahead and get ready to play ourselves some Critical Role. [dramatic music] You can continue slowly on your turn, if you'd like. That's entirely up to you. And they're off! As a note, because I forgot, guys. For subs tonight, every hundred subscribers we get, one person in the chat will be chosen to win a signed cast picture and a signed poster of one of our artists, Kit Buss's wonderful art pieces for Critical Role, signed by us, as well. So we got some cool giveaways. Forgot that at the top. Anyway. 20 and up? All right. Ten to 15? 13? All right. Keyleth, what do you have? Six, okay. All right. As the skittering seems to go to a fervored frenzy, you can see masses and masses of extremely matted fur moving and quivering through this refuse as a series of rat swarms pour out of the edges of this giant dung pile. And where at the center that giant entity has revealed itself to be a terrifying visage of some kind. I'm going to have you go ahead and roll an arcana check. 22. Immediately, as soon as this creature comes out (squelch), this horrible guttural bubbling sound its throat makes as it pulls itself out of this nasty collection of refuse. You've read of this in quite a few tomes before in your travels. This is known as an otyugh. An otyugh. Usually riddled with disease, they're controlled garbage disposals for those that can keep control of them. And it is Kashaw's turn. You currently have no idea. About 15 feet up, you can see the opening of the tunnel where you guys slipped out, and you have no visual sight of the rest of your party-- which, you guys were left in darkness, by the way. You can see. You have dim light, so you're fine. Well, he still has his Light spell. You can see this creature now. (growls) It depends on the spell's radius. If it's relatively small, then probably not. They're not even within visual range, so you'd really have to try hard to hit them at this point. You guys are all about ten feet away from this giant creature right now. Sacred Flame. (laughs) Kash money. All right, so go ahead and look at the spell. What's it require from you? Okay, so the target makes a dexterity saving throw. Let's see if it makes this. What is your spell DC? Should be at the top of your spell list. 16. Okay, it does not make it. As you bring out your holy symbol for a moment from beneath your armor, you look forward and thrust your spear forward. This energy travels from the middle of your torso, across your arm, down the spear, and fires off as this burst of vibrant whitish-blue light that blasts into the front of this otyugh creature. You deal 3d8 damage to it. So go ahead and roll eight-sided dice three times. Eight and five and four. 17 damage. (impact, growling) You can see now it has the two giant tentacles with these jagged spines that look covered in whatever it's been climbing in and this one central stalk that has eyes across it, and the eyes flicker in pain and wince and then focus in on you and looks across your companions. Do you wish to move, or do you want to stay where you are? Okay, so you can try and move closer this way, probably. You're now adjacent to one of the rat swarms, but you're pulling it away from the entrance here. It looks like normal-sized rats. Not that you would know, because you're not in the room, but there's clusters and clusters of these rats swarming over each other. No, it's just the singular target, but if you have things that hit larger areas, they can hit multiple guys. That ends your turn. Next up is Tiberius. You can, yes. Next to him? Okay, you will get free strikes from both the rat swarms, currently, because you'll be passing through there and out of their melee range. You cool with that? You can. This guy will still get an attack of opportunity on you. You can use an action to disengage. Over here? Show me with your laser pointer where you want the impact to be. Okay. I'd say that'd probably be right around this area here. Okay. Wait up, let's do the Fireball first. One thing at a time. So as you use your ring, you focus. The ray streaks past. Slams into the wall behind (explosion sound) with a deafening roar, and you guys definitely hear this. The hallway in the distance suddenly brightens up, and you can see a bit of flame roll up, and the scent of smoke comes wafting past you as a wave of heat blasts through the tunnel. What's the DC on your spells? Does not make the save, so full damage on the otyugh. That rat swarm would also be hit. What's the damage on the Fireball? (singing) Math. Wizard math. We're going to pimp out a calculator for him one day. 48 points of damage. Boom. All right. Well. After the fireball explosion settles, you can see there's a big char mark in the front of it. Some of its teeth have been blown into the inside of its mouth. The rat swarm behind Keyleth is completely incinerated with a hundred-squeak screeches, and you can smell charred fur and hair and flesh in the air. Well, no. You have to make a ranged spell attack for each one. There is no saving throw for it. Yep, so roll for each ray. Okay. They all hit. (laughter) It was there, and he was right. 6d6 fire damage. 29? All righty. As each ray (impact sounds), you can see the flashing of the flaming light in the air. This darkened room is suddenly illuminated in bursts as each of these rays of burning fire go blasting into the side of the otyugh. It's nearly pushed back into the pile that it pulled itself from, but steadies itself. Does that end your turn? All right. Tiberius's turn has come to an end. All right. Next up is the otyugh, who is extremely unhappy with how that went down. (growls) You now see as it pulls from the front of its body one giant backwards-looking elephant leg that steps into the front of the material, a second one, forward. It pulls itself completely out of the pile, and you can see a third one, like a giant tripod. These thick legs carry it forward. It is going to do a bite attack and a tentacle attack on you, and a tentacle attack on Keyleth, as you're the nearest to it. So as it rears back with its mouth, this giant maw opens with all these nasty jagged broken teeth, and the smell that comes out of its mouth is horrifying, even for your experience as a dragonborn. That would be... 18 to hit. Why would I have disadvantage? Oh! Good call. Oh, that's even higher. 19. But thank you for the reminder; that's good to know. So it hits. So as you're hanging back and your image is shifting and shimmering nearby, its mouth is just too big, and as it bites down, while it would have partially hit the side, it manages to find your proper location. The teeth clomp down onto you. You take 16 points of piercing damage. As you (grunts) reach back in pain, you push yourself out of its mouth. I need you to make a constitution saving throw. 22. Okay, so you pull off and away. You can see where it dragged across your scales, it left this nasty trail of black-- whatever you would call it, saliva-- but you manage to slip it off your hand, and you feel like it's probably not going to bother you too much. However, as you steady yourself, one of the tentacles comes swinging down towards you. That is also with disadvantage. That would be a 21 to hit. All right. You take seven points of bludgeoning damage from the impact. That's only four points of piercing damage as the spines slam into your side and seem to stick onto you. You are also considered grappled and restrained for the time, as the tentacle wraps around you and the spines are digging into your body. It now has you by your waist and is holding you in place. That'd be a total of 11 damage. Plus the bite, no. Did you not write down the bite damage I told you? Half of that? Stoneskin is still up. That is correct. How long does that last? Hour. Yeah, that should've lasted long enough. You're fine, yeah. So half of that would've been-- Yeah. 13 points of damage. That was a lot of technicality in one turn. Well done, Tiberius. All right. That will be a 23 against you. That turn's done. That'll be a total of 14 points of bludgeoning damage to you and five points of piercing damage, and you are also grappled by the other tentacles here. You are both currently being held to the sides of the creature. Correct. That brings us to Vax. About 15 feet up, and you're that far back. (counting) Yeah, pretty close, right there. That's your turn? Bonus action if you want it, yeah. Whatever you're trying to hit might have three-quarters cover. Okay. That ends your turn. Now the swarms. Moving in. Each one of these rats swarms start crawling up towards your body, and they're starting to find their way into your armor, and they're biting. It's a terrible experience. Swarm attacking Keyleth is going to be a 16 to hit. Nope. You brush them off yourself. (laughs) The rat whisperer. Attacking you, Brother Kash. That looks like it's going to be a ten to hit? What's your armor class? 20. These rats come forward and you (whack) knock them out of the way with your shield. Against Tiberius, that is going to be, with disadvantage-- You're grappled, but you're not floating in the air. Not yet. That's going to be a 13, so it's going to miss you. So the rats, no effect yet. That ends their turn. Keyleth, you're up. All right. What level is Blight? Blight is 4th? All right, constitution saving throw. That is an 11. What's your DC? I'm pretty sure it fails. Okay, it takes 8d8 necrotic damage. Go ahead and roll damage. 36 damage. Nice! As you grab the tentacle, you can see the slippery, slimy flesh, and it has the residue on it. As your fingers grasp into it, its brownish-yellow color all of a sudden turns into this grayish sickly dried landscape, as you can see the flesh cracking to dust around it. The tentacle's still grasping onto you. The magical energy travels up the side of what would be its torso and body, and you can see it beginning to withdraw through severe pain. It manages to eventually shrug off any further spread of the magical disease, of the Blight, but it has left this horrible scarring across one side of its whole body. You can't really move this turn, since you're currently restrained. Yep. All right. That brings us to Thorbir. What you got? That's a full round of movement there. All right, that ends that. That's going to bring us to the top. Kashaw. Your turn. No, it's still functional, still wrapped around her. There's scarring across it and a large part of its upper torso. Torso. It's weird to say parts of its body when it has that strange construction. (laughs) I apologize. Okay. That'll get you there. That one rat swarm does get a free attack on you as you move past it. That is going to be an 11. You can see the rats swarming up your legs and trying to get past, but the armor's too thick and the chain mail's too strong underneath the plate you have, and you brush them off as you move to the side. Pulls you right up in front of it, now. Its giant mouth is (chomping sounds) angrily gnashing and biting down in front of you, and it's sending bits of that brackish spittle across your face and smells horrifying. What are you doing? Okay, the casting time for Geas is one minute. Knowing that, every combat round is equivalent to six seconds, so you could try it. It probably won't survive that long, but hold onto that spell for now. Is there another one you'd like to use? Sure. Go ahead and roll to attack, sir. No, this one it just makes its saving throw. I forgot. All right, cool. It's going to attempt at making another dexterity saving throw. That is a 14, and that does not beat it, so go ahead and roll 3d8 points of damage to it. Radiant damage. Tiberius, you're on deck. 16 points of damage, nice. Yes. (impact sounds) Once again, the flames burst up, and you can see parts of its body where the scarring is across it all of a sudden explode with light, and beneath you can see the freshly exposed grayish-brown fleshy muscle beneath its outer armored structure. It is looking a little rough. That ends your turn. That brings us to Tiberius. True Strike on yourself? On him. Attack roll against the target? Okay. Currently, no. There is so much going on in the room, and the only light source is you right now. You have no inclination that they're even at the top at this point, and you're currently wrapped in a tentacle and being swarmed by rats. You have no way of telling that they've even arrived at this point. All righty. Misty Step is a 2nd-level? All right. To where do you want to go? There you go. All righty. Ending your turn, the otyugh turns around angrily. Now it looks, it has its empty tendril. It's going to step away. You do get one, Brother Kash, as it steps away. You get one free attack with your spear as it tries to move away from you. So go ahead and roll an attack with your spear. Plus your attack bonus. Oh, that definitely hits. So go ahead and roll damage for the spear. So as it moves away (stomping sounds) you reach out and (whoosh) hit it with the spear, leaving this big old gaping wound in the side where more of its dark blood begins to spill out from the wound. As it moves over, it's going to go ahead and do one bite attack towards Keyleth with its open mouth. That's going to be a 24. All right. That's going to be 16 points of piercing damage to you, and make a constitution saving throw. 16. You can feel the diseased liquid that fills the inside of the otyugh's mouth begin to pulse into your arm for a second. You tense, and eventually the pain and numbness tends to fade within a few seconds. However, as you take that moment to yourself, as it's still grabbing you with the one tentacle, it's going to reach and attack twice towards Tiberius. That is going to be a 16? Okay. That'll be a 19. So the second one hits you. That is eight points of bludgeoning damage and five points, so 13. Half that because of Stoneskin. That puts you at seven points of damage. And you are once again grappled and wrapped up by it. I think you pissed it off when you set it on fire multiple times in a row. That ends its turn. Vax, you're up. Currently, Keyleth is right next to it. 24? That hits, definitely. 30 points of damage. All right. That hits, definitely. Eight. All right. You still have the rest of your movement if you want to stay up there or wish to move somewhere. Okay, cool. All right. Against Tiberius, it just has a general attack roll because you give it disadvantage on attacks. That is going to be a 17, which I think misses you. All right. Keyleth, you take nine points of piercing damage as the rats are now swarming up over the side of the tentacle and biting at your neck and shoulder area, and you're trying to brush them off of you. Rats aren't your friends anymore. That finishes their turn. It is now your turn, Keyleth. Yep. He's looking pretty hurt. Blight again against this guy? You are, yes. All right. That is going to be a 13. 45 points of damage from Blight. So this time, as the rats are swarming over you, you reach up your hands. They're glowing with the energy that you're drawing from this. You can see the actual air around her hands beginning to turn black and the air is beginning to be pulled in. What was once a very moist and warm vicinity gets strangely cold as now her hands embody the end of life. She grasps the tentacle, and the rats scatter as the proximity grows. As you touch it, you can see now what was once the Blight's scarring begins to fill the entire tentacle, and as it turns, it hardens around you, almost like a brittle piece of concrete. The rest of its body (cracking) you see it begins to (roars), starts thrashing about. Its tendril releases you, Tiberius, dropping you into a pile of refuse. As it reaches around to try and grasp its own tentacle, (shattering sound) it breaks through its own arm. As it reels back, you fall onto your butt, the rest of the broken pieces of otyugh crumbling into dust around you. You look up and see the creature as it attempts to back up, each one of its legs pulling up against the one door that's partially buried in the far corner. It slams into the side as the Blight spreads across its body. Its teeth begin to shatter and turn to dust within its mouth, which begins to slowly curl inward as it ages extremely rapidly in a short period of time. Suddenly, it slumps to the ground, (gurgling sound) and joins the refuse of which it once came from. Thorbir? 15 feet. And it is soft ground. You know what? Sure. Go ahead and make an athletics check. You leap, slam down on top of the rat swarm that just jettisoned off the side of Keyleth. I'm going to say for that impact, go ahead and roll 1d6. It takes 1d6 bludgeoning damage from you stepping on a few of the rats. Six! All righty. And they're now all around you on the ground and they're trying to swarm away from the impact zone. You still have your action. Yes, as a fighter, you do. You have three attacks. All right. All right, you swing your axe for the first batch of rats. Unfortunately, it's hard to see where the compost pile and the rats separate. You cleave through a bunch of the slimy mess, slinging a bunch of it against the wall, and as you spatter a bit against Keyleth, who's behind you. Roll for your next attack. You decide, as opposed to a small swath, let's make it a wider one, and your axe swings again. This time you catch a singular rat, but with the flat of the blade, and you send it flying about ten feet, where it comes back unharmed and joins the rest of its crew. This time, in an angry fury that you are being stifled by what is essentially sewer rats, you lift your axe up in the air as one rat has climbed up your pants bites you right in the crotch. In pain, you drop the axe behind you and reach down and grab the rat and tear it in half out of frustration and anger, and I will give you a point of damage for that. It snuck up past the small little gap there and ate through your leather britches, and you are in severe pain, nearing prone. This is true. They didn't put that in the Player's Handbook, but I think they're going to amend it, too. And with that, Thorbir's turn is up. Every dwarf, when they hit the tender age of 30, has to wander waist-deep into the rat pits. All right. Kashaw, you're up. You have the group that is currently swarming around Thorbir, one immediately to your left that you're batting away with your shield, and one group that is currently trying to get all up in Tiberius's shit. For the most part, everyone seems to be doing okay. He's looking the roughest from a situational-- All right, so. There we go. The rats do get a swing at you. That is going to be-- that's not going to hit. Once again, you hear the little small tings against the back of your armor, but it's not even a bother at this point. All right, what are you doing? You move up to the rats. All right, which I'm going to say you stayed a step back on, because it's a ranged attack. So you get real close, once again set your spear down real fast, grab your holy symbol, and then release that burst. Go ahead and roll for attack. Actually, no, it's a saving throw again. That's my end. The rats roll a one. Go ahead and roll straight damage on that. It's 3d8. It's all good. Eight points of damage. You release it and you can see about 13, 14 rats get thrown and scattered, their lifeless burnt corpses (pattering sound) around, and the little hole that you left in the middle of that pile closes up as the rats form once again into a coalesced swarm. That ends your turn, I believe. That'll bring us to Tiberius. It's a giant cylindrical-- it looks like it was once a cistern that has been turned into some sort of a refuse-- From what you can see? Roll a perception check. Perception. It's a skill. You don't use it very often. As far as you can see, it goes up maybe 30 or so feet beyond the radius of your Light spell and fades into darkness. You have no idea if there's a ceiling or end to it or how far it would be if there was one. You do. Okay. Go ahead and roll to attack with disadvantage. Yeah, they're right up against you. Ranged attacks, when you're in melee with the target, it's at disadvantage. Okay. Obelisk of Stone puts you up on top there. All righty. Roll to hit first. 31? Yeah, that hits. Swarm of rats not too hard to hit, really. 16? All right. You lift up onto your ten-foot platform as this stone pushes up from beneath all of the slime, and as it emerges, it sends this spilling cluster of whatever was at the bottom of this. You have to keep your footing as you go up. In fact, because of this room, I'm going to go ahead and have you roll a dexterity saving throw. 12. So you get the attack off, but you lose your footing from the slick nature of the obelisk you just created, and you will plummet off and fall prone into the refuse to the side of the obelisk, but you still get the damage off on the spell. As you blast-- whoa-- and Tiberius, you tumble off the side. It's a soft impact. You only fall ten feet. It doesn't do any damage, but you are currently prone on the ground next to your obelisk. I believe that ends your turn. You haven't moved yet, so you could technically use your movement to get up from prone if you wanted. Okay. Cool, that ends your turn. He's gone. Vax, you're up. Right here, yes. No, they're all around him. They're sharing the same space. So a 13, that hits. Rats are easy to hit. 31 damage total? All right. You notice that because of the nature of the swarm, what would normally be a creature that you could do a shit-ton of damage to, knowing its physicality, it seems like a lot of the physical attacks aren't as effective as you would like. However, this swarm has already taken a few hits, and as you carve through, dagger after dagger, eventually you pick off the remainder of the rats and the swarm is dissipated. The few ones that are stragglers, realizing that safety in numbers is missing, begin to curl their ways back underneath the piles they clawed from originally. That ends your turn? At the end of your turn, the other two rat swarms, also realizing the circumstance is bad, fight-or-flight kicks in and they flee and crawl back underneath. So you all take a moment, take your breath. You get back up. Okay. You've gotten back up. She's still spattered-- Looking on the far side, it's partially buried in the ground from the collection here, but you can see there is a bit of a push, like the door had been opened briefly and pushed things away, then slammed shut, and it's slowly starting to coalesce back towards it. 24? The door appears to be a normal door. Nothing strange about its presentation. However, upon checking the handle on the edge of it, it does appear to be locked. 28. In a matter of seconds-- this is an old-school lock, and one that is generally used for not very security-required rooms. Flick of the wrist, (click, creak) the door pushes inward a little bit and you have to get your strength in to push back the cluster of dried and liquid plant matter that is rotting against it, with just enough of a gap to push through into a dark room beyond, it looks like. You did, kind of. LIAM and He is currently the only light source, yes. Okay. Glancing into the next room, you can see there's a little bit of a trickle of liquid that has spilled from underneath the doorway from this room. And you get the feeling this door isn't open very often, if at all, and the little bit of slime that has coasted through only goes about five, ten feet into a long stone hallway that disappears in the darkness no more than maybe 20 feet from you. Even with the low light, you can see pretty far. To the right and left of you, though sets of iron bars. Okay. Go ahead and make a perception check. 25. As you begin walking into the hallway, you go past, and you start to notice from the visual around you, there's smooth stone floor. The iron bars are all the way across with some partitions between. This is in particular a subterranean holding facility, some sort of an underground prison, and it's very quiet and there is no light in here. There are sconces set up, but it looks like there have been no recent torches set. Hearing? You hear nothing. It is absolutely still and quiet. The rest of you guys continue with him? Okay. Glancing inside as well, you can see the prison goes on for as far as your visual range is, about 60 feet. There are four sets of prison cells on each side, so there are eight cells total, and the hallway continues past that. But you can't quite see beyond those initial four on each side. You can glance on the inside. You can see what looks like dried and brittle thatch that was once used to cover the floor has slowly molded over time. To your left, you see what looks to be elements of a skeletal corpse that was left for a very long period of time in the cell immediately to your left as you look through the doorway. Okay. As you enter this area and start stepping in, the air itself has a very chemical smell to it. It's hard to describe. There's something musty and untouched to the air, but there's also some sort of gentle hint of an acrid scent. Do you guys continue forward through this prison area? Okay. Looking up, it's about 15 feet up, and it is another smooth stone ceiling. The construction here looks old. You, specifically, go ahead and make a perception check. With advantage, because you are a dwarf. Yeah, roll again. As you're a dwarf, and this is an underground stone structure. Okay, that's not bad. Looking at the stonework here, it's definitely created for function more than any sort of presentory functionality. You gather from looking at the nearby pieces of the stone wall that connects with the first set of metal bars that this was probably carved a few hundred years ago, and the metal bars as you move past-- you guys see this too-- the doorways that lead into these, some appear to be locked and some are completely open, easy to swing, and as you pull it open, (creak) very heavy rust against those iron doors, probably affected largely by the nearby moisture emanating from the room and whatever chemical's hanging in the air. You're still lit by his Light spell, yes. Well, that was in one room. If you want to go ahead and check around, go ahead and make an investigation check. There is balance to the universe. As you're walking past, Keyleth, looking over on one side, you see further up, with a bunch of the thatch pushed around it, there appears to be a corpse that doesn't have the layer of dust that a number of the other skeletal piles in some of the other cells seem to have. The door to get into the cell, though, does appear to be locked. It's hard to tell. It's mostly covered with a lot of this thatch. It doesn't look like it was intentionally covered, but some sort of a struggle took place in this room. The lock on this, it's not an intricate lock, but it is very heavily rusted, and as soon as you start moving in there, you realize that there is actually something metal that has been broken off inside, whether by a previous key, just through accident, or intent, it was broken off inside. You manage to find a way to remove it, pull the piece out, and still get the lock open. The gate swings open, and you guys enter to inspect this corpse. Looking at it, you notice that the body has been probably dead for a couple months. It is in prolonged state of decomposition, but there is still some semblance of flesh sloughing off the remnants of the bone. You can see from the wounds that it has received that a large portion of it has been torn open very violently and elements of it have been removed. The softer organs. As you inspect it, you look and see that while smashed with blood and dirt and dust, the outfit does appear to be that of a Duskmeadow Bastion. Looking about his entire body, anything of value has been taken. Can you what? You can. Duskmeadow, which is the section of Vasselheim that worships the Raven Queen. The guys that you encountered earlier in the road? The dark, studded leather armor with the cloak swept over one arm. Okay, so as you sit down and you begin preparing your ritual, you once again mutter under your breath and begrudgingly pull out your symbol. As you continue casting the spell, there's a slight shimmer of greenish-blue light that slowly pours over the corpse, seeps into the bones, and for a moment you see Kashaw go into this trance-like state. Kashaw, you see from within the corpse, the face sits up with this horrible cracking bone-like sound. The skeletal element with this partially mummified and mostly rotten face steps forward, and the vacuous sockets that once held its eyes turn towards you, and you could swear you see the bone of its grimace grin as it airily whispers towards you, "Why do you bother me?" "What questions do you have?" "Something that was not supposed to be here. Something vicious, something untrue. It wasn't "what it seemed. This woman was asking for help, and no one's supposed to be down here if it's not "their route. Occasionally, we come and check on these abandoned parts of the prison. A woman was "here. A woman should not be down here. I went to ask what was wrong, and she took this from me." And the bony hand reaches up and gestures to the throat, and you can see there's giant claw marks across the front of its spinal cord where its neck is that give the sensation that something tore its throat out. "Aye." "14 weeks have passed. I was resting." "She walked away, laughing and eating parts of me. I have not seen her since, but others walk "these halls. I've seen a dwarf pass through two or three times, and as it did and passed my cell, it "laughed. Sometimes guards come to inspect, but none have found me. None have found me yet." "We are the ones to protect the Amaranthine Oubliette. That is our job here. You sit in the "lower forgotten halls of the Oubliette. My final resting place." The other hand creeps up from underneath the thatch. As you guys are watching this, the corpse is doing nothing, it's just lying there, he is talking to an unmoving corpse. For your vision, the hand reaches over and points in the direction you guys came from. "That was two weeks ago." The spell fades, and the corpse falls back to its original pose, jaw left open, aghast in its final moments. Just so you guys are aware, you are essentially in this vicinity of the prison. This was the room where you found the corpse, here. And you've seen just enough light begin to reveal there is a secondary prison room up here. From this door, yes. This would've connected right there. For? The knife does not appear to have any sort of magical aura about it. It's just a very well-crafted and probably relatively expensive piece of functionality or ornamental use. It's a very fine blade, though. It would be a fine thing to enchant, if you were inclined to. So you're walking forward. At this point in time, as you guys are having this conversation, you moved up and looked and you can see there are two humanoids walking from this direction further down this hallway, which you can see leads this direction. As you see them approaching here, stepping in your direction, they are both dressed in full Duskmeadow Bastion armor. The one on the far end appears to be older, balding with thinning gray hair. The one who's further up is in his forties. Big thick brown beard, hair pulled back into a ponytail, and they're both lightly conversing to each other. Not paying much attention, like they're running through a routine. Make a stealth check. 19? Okay. As you're pushing everyone back, (shushing) whispering all this, you hear a voice say, "Hello? Hold on. Hello?" The one with the beard approaches with his hand on his weapon, the other one moving along the back. You pushed them far back and into the cell? Okay. Light spell vanishes. He walks up and turns the corner. Okay. The cloak can only really cover you and partially another person. The rest of you all make a stealth check. No, it's not enough to really effectively do it to another person. It's just more for flavor. 17, all right. So the guy walks into the room, looks back and forth. The one behind him steps forward into the room a bit. The other one steps behind him. Looks about. Looks from one side of the room, looks over to your room. There's almost a glimmer of recognition in his eye, and continues walking past. They just start walking back the direction you guys came from. The other one-- Where? Right there? Wall of Stone goes up. That chemical smell is getting stronger and stronger. It's burning your nose a little bit. Okay. You (sniffs) and it clears your sinuses up pretty well. Much like a fresh dab of wasabi, your nostrils are a little more open. Because it's not sulfurous, it doesn't have something similar to what you'd find in smithing in your experience, at the very least. It's hard to really place where it comes from. You said you're going which way? This here? All right. 23. You approach the door. This door is locked. It does not appear to be trapped. Okay. Okay. As you reach down to the lock and you place the picks inside, start fiddling, you look at the iron around it, and the actual metal seems to be frosting over. You pull back your head, and as you exhale, your breath becomes visible and the temperature seems to drop significantly, and as soon as you look up at the wood, something shimmers in the wood, and it's a humanoid face that just pushes out of the wood. Right now? You guys are hearing his reaction to this just happen in the front, there. I'm going to go ahead and say sure. So one of the hands comes through, reaching out for you, this ghostly arm just swings towards you. I'd like to have everybody roll initiative. No. Currently, no. All right. So we have 20 or higher? Anyone? All right. 20 to 15? 15 to ten? There we go. All right, nine to five? All right, and then? All right. Tiberius, you're up first. As you see these two drifting humanoid translucent ghostly entities drift out the door that Vax was at as he leaps backward, a second one drifts out of the stone down the hallway and turns towards the group, both of them giving these horrible low moaning sounds. (moans) Their feet are dragging about a foot off the ground. There? That guy, all right. Back away. Cool. All right. They go next. This one is going to drift forward. Now, the one that swiped at you, as you dodge backward, it drifts forward and its arms reach out for you and attempt to pierce the front of your chest. Go ahead and make a charisma saving throw. Keyleth, you do the same as the spirit suddenly-- Yes. Flickers and appears right before you. 11. Okay. LIAM, MARISHA, and You guys watch as both of these ghostly entities (whoosh) completely slip into the physical form of Vax and Keyleth, who each shudder for a second as their eyes glaze over. Both the entities are no longer visible. However, you feel the presence of a cold, invading mind full of anger and distant loss and rage fill your brain, and your body is not your own. Suddenly you see Vax pull his daggers out and turn around and look at the rest of the group. Keyleth turns around and snarls at the rest of the group, this twisted grin. Thorbir, you're up. Closest to you would be Keyleth. Keyleth is right next to you. 24 versus Keyleth? What's your armor class? 17. That hits Keyleth. You can say subdual damage. It'll still damage her. Yeah, your regular attack dice. 15 points of damage to you, Keyleth, as you get smacked broadside with the blunt edge of Thorbir's axe. You see this happening, and in your head you're screaming, trying to push this out, but no matter how hard your will imposes itself, your body is not your own. You feel like you're restrained in a dark closet, watching from a distant hallway as somebody else controls your body. Nine more points of damage on top of that. All right. I will make that the ghost creature. That is a 16. What's the DC on it? Is this for your battlemaster, for goading attack? Goading attack with battlemaster. Okay. Oh, the DC is eight plus your proficiency bonus, which would be 12, plus your-- what's your strength modifier? Four, so that'd be 16. 16. So yeah, it just makes the saving throw. Right, so that was your first two strikes. Vax, you don't get a turn. You are unable to control your body, and you also do not get a saving throw. You are considered possessed. Kash, you're up. You have no way of knowing how to target the creature. There is no visual or physical form. You just see your friend with a glazed-over look in the eyes, and that cold sensation around them. You have some experience with undead, and you know you have some tools against them, but Banishment is something that you have no way of targeting the spirit within them. You would have to target them physically. All right. What's the spell DC for you? And is that wisdom saving throw on that? Let's see, Hold Person. Wisdom, all right. Go ahead and make a will saving throw, Vax. Or wisdom saving throw. 17. 16. Defeats it. The spell effect shimmers off. All right, so that finishes your turn. Do you want to move anywhere, or are you going to stay where you are? Okay. Which way do you want to go? As you move back, Keyleth, you get an attack of opportunity on him. Go ahead and roll an attack with your staff. As there is the mental struggle going on in Keyleth's mind, this swing has extreme intensity and then halfway through, just streaks off and slams into the stone wall. Part of the staff splinters and breaks at the edge. It's still functional, but definitely took a hit from the wall. All right. That ends your turn. Keyleth, you lose your turn. Up at the top of the round, Tiberius. Does anyone here at the top of this round want to make a religion check? Does anyone here want to make a religion check? Yeah, you've had some experience with death and undeath in your history. 20. Not you. 16. Okay. You've heard of certain creatures, ghosts, that can possess certain entities. When a creature is possessed, you know from your experience that it is very difficult to remove the possession unless it's through some sort of a ritual that forces undead away, or if the actual person is brought to unconsciousness and near death themself. Tiberius, you have the same visual on this, though a little part of your brain says, wait. You've seen Pike do something that scared undead before. Top of the round, brings us to Tiberius. You don't have visual on Vax, currently. There's a wall. Okay. You move up to there and do it? Cool. So currently, these two stone pillars slam and crush both of you towards the ceiling. Well, it's a dexterity saving throw, right? So both of you make a dexterity saving throw. So take half damage. So they both take the damage. Keyleth, you fall unconscious on the ground, forcing the spiritual entity out of your body. Okay. Go for it. So go ahead and roll for the attack on each of them. Since it was forced out, it is not in melee with you because it is far enough away, so you straight roll for these. All hit. Go ahead and roll damage for each. Just give me a total damage. 23? Okay. You release all three Scorching Rays blasting into the ghost. It's impacting, but the bursts seem to detonate through it. You can see it's taking the hits, but it seems almost like because of its ethereal form, it's not feeling the full brunt of the attacks. It's affected by it, and you can see its form being shuddered around by it, but it's not as effective as you're used to them being. That ends your turn, Tiberius. This creature here. Okay, it does not regain its possession ability. It is going to use Horrifying Visage. All of a sudden, the ghost (roars) Ghostbusters style. It grows and it's just a horrible screaming entity. I need all of you except for Vax to go ahead and make a wisdom saving throw. 16? 12. All of you guys manage to shrug off the effect. You, however. There's something about the way it screamed that for a moment, you swear it had a face similar to Vesh from your wedding night. It clutches your heart, and you are considered frightened for the next minute. That means you cannot move closer to it, and your attacks against it are at a disadvantage until you shrug it off. All right, then the possessed Vax is going to, as his bonus action, attempt to make a stealth check and back out of the way. Goes against the wall. If I could have Thorbir and Tiberius make perception checks. I'm making it for you. 24. Nice. You failed? Okay. You see, out of the corner of your eye, a couple of footsteps as Vax comes rushing up. You do not see it, though, and as Vax turns the corner right here, brings out the daggers and goes towards Tiberius, out of the corner of your eye, you see a flash of light. Actually, no. You make the attack roll on this. Attack roll against Tiberius. Okay. Right, but he has advantage on you because you didn't see him, so it cancels it out. All right, so go ahead and roll with sneak attack damage against Tiberius. 33 points of piercing damage against you. No Stoneskin. You've already cast a concentration spell. Right, but when you cast one, the other one lasts for two more rounds, and you started with True Strike. How it works is whenever you cast a new concentration spell, the other one lasts for two rounds, and then vanishes. I think this should be the last round that you have it, because it's been two rounds since you moved back. So this would be the last round that you have it. So you still have it, but it fades after this round. So halve that. Actually, and Stoneskin only works against non-magical. So no, you take full damage because his daggers are magic. All of his daggers are magical. So you take full damage. And you do not have your bonus action because you used that to hide. So that's the one attack you got. That round's over. Not for this. Not until someone somehow forces the undead entity out of your body or drops you to zero hit points. All right. That brings us to Thorbir. Correct. Actually, Keyleth, make a saving throw. Mark off a death saving throw. Thorbir? Total of 16? 17. Whiffs. He's too fast. He ducks underneath the depth of the axe swing. 18 will hit. Go ahead and roll damage on that. Goading attack? Okay. Are you rolling 2d12 for damage on that? For a great axe, I think it should be 1d12. I'm pretty sure. (laughs) Just as a note, yeah. The great axe is 1d12 damage. That's okay. So ten damage to you. Goading attack, it failed its saving throw. It rolled an 11. It failed its saving throw. As you slam, you can see the spiritual anger in the eyes (growls) turn towards you, and it's focused on you at the moment. The third strike, you swing and you swear it's going right for the torso of Vax, and for a second you almost want to restrain because you're afraid of what it's going to do, before all of a sudden both daggers catch the axe in midair and scissor-hold it before it shoves off the blade. However, it does appear to be focused on you. Does that end your turn? That's okay. It's a new mechanic for me, too. All right, that brings us to Brother Kash. You can't move closer. Then yes, you can. Okay, so you are all currently affected by a Bless spell. What a Bless spell does-- if you want to read it real fast. All right, so do you want to move? Yes. I think you have to be a conscious creature for the Bless spell to affect you. You do, however, get your saving throw at the end of your turn to try to shrug off the fright, so roll that. And you can add a d4 to it. Yeah, with your wisdom, and then add a d4 to it. Yes. Okay, yeah. Plus d4 if you want to add it. Go for it. You slam your foot into the ground for a second and focus, and for a second the divine energy pulses through your body, and you let a little bit of Vesh's essence seep into you, against your better judgment. It gives you that sense of bravery to shrug off the fear you felt, and for a second there, you're like, as a healing cleric, undead should be afraid of you. And you remember that there's an ability that you have called Turn Undead that may come in handy, going forward. That ends your turn. Keyleth, make another saving throw. 17? Okay. So you're still unconscious. Tiberius, you're up. (louder) Tiberius! You're up. She's currently on the ground. You can see a little bit of blood trickling out the corner of her mouth from the injury she sustained from the crushing pillar. You can see a little of the light fading from her eyes. You can do that, yeah. That will be your whole turn, but yeah, you can do that. Okay. So Tiberius, you reach down, you grab Keyleth's body, and you pull her back through the hallway. You can get her, probably about half-speed, which is 30, so 15 feet. That far back, out of the fray. Go ahead and make an attack of opportunity against Tiberius as he moves away. Total of 12? Okay. As you swing back, you dodge out of the way as you're pulling her along the floor. That's your turn. This ghost entity here does not get its possession back. It's going to make a Withering Touch against you, Thorbir. With a 13. Yeah. As you reach out, you manage to pull back with your axe and swing in its direction. It dissipates its form for a second, and the attack whiffs through the air. However, as you pull on that side, Vax comes up from behind you. I want you to go ahead and do two attacks against Thorbir, with advantage. You currently have him flanked. Yes. That hits. And another roll. They both have advantage because you have him flanked. Okay, so roll damage for both. First one with sneak attack. It was a total 19. I thought you rolled a 19. Oh, then the second one doesn't hit. Just the first one does. All right, that ends the ghosts' turn. Thorbir, you're up. You've now got the attention of both spiritual entities and your possessed friend, and they're both swarming around you at the moment. Okay. You find purchase with your third strike with your axe. 16 points of slashing damage to you. Do you wish to move, or are you going to stay where you are, Thorbir? I'll say you can move there pretty safely. Move the other way. All right, that brings us to Kashaw. Turn Undead. Okay, what's the radius on that? 30 feet. You're probably going to have to move a little closer to get them both in there. All right. Not a problem. So you're going to go ahead and Turn Undead. As you reach up and grab your holy symbol, pulling it out from under your armor once again, clutching it tightly, you can feel the blood begin to pour from the inside of your hand, you're holding it so hard. And with a flash of extremely vibrant white light with this strange halo of pitch black that surrounds it, a force wave billows out from you throughout the hallway. For a brief moment, you see Vax look over, and his eyes widen for a second as the blast wave hits him. Both fail. All right. So suddenly, as the blast wave hits Vax, the spirit is forced out of his body against the wall. It pushes it out, and all of a sudden, you have control of your form again. Blown against the wall, and they both halfway slide into the wall. They both have a severe look of fear on their face. That's going to end your turn. Keyleth, make another saving throw. So a second failed death saving throw. Tiberius. Okay, just the level one? All right, go ahead and roll. That is 2d4 plus two. Seven? Okay, you heal seven hit points. You come to consciousness. You get rid of the saving throws. You look around. Your eyes focus and you can see now, there's these two glowing entities, the ghosts that attacked. The one that was inside you is now over against the wall and looks like it's dissipating and is extremely frightened by something. Sure. You go ahead and prop her up to her feet. Okay. For their turn, they both fade into the wall and vanish from sight. So all of you take a moment of stillness, as the spiritual entities seem to have vanished into the wall. They left after he blasted them with his shockwave of positive energy. They just went into the wall. Yeah. Okay. That is a greater healing potion. 4d4 plus four. ORION and Okay, you kick the door open. You have very little light source in here, but with your vision, you manage to look in past there, and it looks like it's a hallway that was once used for storage of some kind, but the first thing that catches you is that strange chemical smell is extremely strong in this room, and your eyes burn as soon as the doorway opens and you have to close your eyes. Thorbir, you see Vax kick the door open. You do not follow? Okay, Tiberius stays back. You guys are all staying there? Superior's another 4d4, yeah. You guys can take a short rest, if you wish to, and also use your hit dice. Okay. Both of you guys, as you enter the room, and your Darkvision looks out, you see the room that has that strong chemical scent, parts of the wall have crumbled in sections, ruining this long, empty hallway. You can see there are elements of broken boxes and crates that have been sundered or removed or destroyed in the collapse. But what catches your attention, too, is a large portion of the floor seems to be lower than the rest of it. There is some sort of a liquid that has largely overtaken the entirety of this room. Something has seeped through from some unseen source, and has slowly, over time, dissolved a large pit into the center of this hallway. This dull yellowish-green liquid now fills the entirety of the center portion of this hallway for a good, let's say, about that distance, there. Marisha. Just a heads-up. One of the material components is a gem-encrusted bowl that costs 1000 gold pieces that is consumed by it. You can totally cast this, but you'll have to deduct a thousand gold off your personal gold supply. All right. So as you guys take a few moments to tend to your wounds and catch your breath, Keyleth finds a section of the center of this dank, dreary prison and concentrates, taking this gem-encrusted bowl and setting it in the center of the floor. As time goes on, you begin to see this strange, shimmering energy in the center of the room. At the end of the ritual, she raises her hand in the air, and through a plume of whitish-silver smoke that slowly dissipates, you can now see there is a long table. A very well-crafted table in the center of the room, with chairs and benches, and an extremely well-prepared, incredible-smelling meal. Fruits and breads and meats all just strewn about this table in the center of this prison. All right. You guys can use as many hit dice as you want to heal yourself. If you check on your sheet, it has a hit dice number. Use those to heal yourself naturally. Well, no. You still spend your hit dice. Meaning, you gain 2d10 hit points. So you increase the maximum and you heal up what you gained. Where it says hit dice, on your page? It should be toward the middle, right above your attacks. You can spend up to your top level and you roll a dice with the number you have for your hit dice, and you heal that much. So what's the number that you have there? So you can spend up to 11 if you want to, and heal up that much naturally. Then you don't have to worry about it. You're fine. Use your hit dice to heal yourself. You commence on the meal, and it is a very delightful meal. I'd say, with shopping time, it's probably been about six hours. How long does it last? So yeah, you'd have to re-cast it. Yeah, Locate Creature currently cannot be cast. You spent all your 4th level. It's 8d4 plus eight. Did you use your hit dice to heal yourself? 8d4 plus eight. Big heal. Plus another eight, yeah. In this room? Okay. Were you about to do something, Keyleth? As you look inside, you walk up to the liquid. It looks like there is a very slow flow to it, coming at an angle. It's very thick and looks like it's melted through the basis of the floor and almost like it would continue under, around, and out of this room into whatever is beyond. You get a feeling there is something to why this part of the prison was probably abandoned. Okay. The door is not currently locked. Yeah, it's not trapped, either. Look inside. There is a large collapsed pile of rubble. Whatever this room once was has entirely collapsed on itself. You can see, it's pushed up against the door. Something made this room inert, and it's not currently functional. Okay. Keyleth, what are you doing? You're meditating? Okay. Go for it. All right. The door does not appear to be trapped. You don't know if it's locked yet. It's hard to tell. It is also, from your perspective, not locked or trapped. Okay. As you're finishing your small ritual for Locate Creature, you open up the door, and it is a spiral staircase that leads upward. You get the sensation this is where those earlier Bastions were coming from. No acid in this room, no. You finish Locate Creature, and you sit there, and you can sense, grasping on that one encounter you had with the rakshasa, though it was still disguised as a dwarf, and the descriptor you have. And you recognize this immediately. This is the same type of ritual that you did earlier, and so there's now this weird, synchronous moment that you share magical knowledge. And she has money. Though a thousand less, now. You finish your concentration for a second, and the divine energy pulls you in a direction, and it pulls you in the direction of this way. There are clumps of what looks like a destroyed crate, pieces of stone that have fallen from the partially collapsed walls. You can only cast it on three people. 6th level. It's one additional person per spell level. All right. It's a 3rd-level spell, so you can do four. Okay. So against who? Everyone but you. Okay. So. As you're pulling out the flying carpet, we're going to go ahead and take a break. Quick restroom break for about five minutes or so, and we'll come right back to continue as they enter the room with a rather large pit of acid. We'll be back in five minutes, guys. See you in a second. Welcome back, guys! Before we get back to the game, Orion, you want to talk about that video? Yeah. That's okay. It was a hell of a way to break the tension, so it worked out well. All right, so as the rest of you have found your way into this long, partially eroded hallway containing this thick green viscous liquid, you have pulled out the flying carpet? Built by some of our amazing Critters. I'm going to go ahead and go with the crocheted one tonight. We really do. All right. You drift down the hallway on the flying carpet. The air itself, like I said, it hurts. You have to continuously rub your eyes and keep them shut. Okay. As you move partway through this section, everyone make a perception check. Who's helming the magic carpet, by the way? All right. So you're helming the magic carpet. And you rolled a total of what? Natural 20. So pulling forward, as you come around through the sections of the wall that are collapsed in rubble, you notice that there are some sigils in the wall. Two-foot-high carved-stone sigils about five feet ahead of you guys. There's one on each side. It is not infernal. They are arcane in nature, though. Make an arcana check. You can, yes. Okay. There doesn't appear to be much religious connotation to these symbols, but they're old, and it looks like they were placed there for a specific reason. That's as much as you can get from it. You can make a perception check. Tiberius points it out to the rest of you guys, and you can see it. No. Especially for you, your experience doesn't fall too much in the realm of the arcane. You can try. Try every skill. Just go through the whole list. Yeah, there's nothing really historic about this, other than the fact that you're in the historic Amaranthine Oubliette prison here. It's not structural. In looking at it, it looks like these were added to it once it was built, although it is a storage room, so it's strange that these would be placed in the center of the room. Insight's more for individuals and motives. Okay, so you push forward? You push forward. You get about here as you're passing through the two sigils, and there's a flash from the sigils. They glow bright, and it's almost like two flashbulbs go off from side to side. You stop. The carpet dips. As in, the carpet goes limp. Okay. As the carpet goes limp, you all begin to plummet forward. You need to go ahead and make a concentration check. It's with your constitution modifier. 16? Okay. So you cast Fly multiple times? People begin to lift up, and then the spell fades. There is something about these sigils that is cancelling magic. However, the carpet is now going limp and all of you are now plummeting down towards the acidic surface below. Your action was casting Fly. There is one piece of open ground here that can fit maybe two people. Okay. Go ahead and roll a concentration check. Constitution saving throw, essentially, is what it is. This is to maintain your concentration as you're falling. Yeah. Unfortunately, due to the jostling, you're unable to get the spell out in time. Thorbir. Who else is jumping for the platform? Okay, you go eagle form. Keyleth catches herself before plummeting inside and goes giant eagle form, gliding past without an issue. Tiberius is falling. I want you guys-- Tiberius, Thorbir, Vax, and Kash-- to all make dexterity saving throws. Okay. Make an acrobatics check. 27. All right. What was your dex? 14. 17. 12. So Thorbir and Tiberius make it onto that small platform and barely catch yourself before plummeting into the liquid. However, Brother Kash, you (splash). And it's about waist-deep from where you impact. (sizzling) Immediately, you feel this horrible corrosive burning sensation. You, grabbing the carpet, lift and drift and come down into the section. This section has eroded more, and you are about to go up to your shoulders. Immediately, the two of you suffer 18 points of acid damage. So you take nine points instead. You're barely catching yourself. She's over the other way right now. You, however, are submerged in the liquid now. You're having to tread. You are now underneath. Yep. You are completely submerged. Carpet is with you. It is currently (sizzling) in the acid. With him, yes. You guys are still on the edge there. You reach over and grab him-- The carpet takes 16 points of acid damage. As you're taking your turn to pull it out as opposed to trying to escape from that point, you take another 15 points of acid damage, until eventually you're pulled out from the entire pool and carried over to the other side and then dropped on the other side, both of you guys pulling the carpet out. The carpet itself, its color has dampened. Portions of the corners of the carpet have dissolved, and you can see the liquid on it is still eating away at the actual fibers of the carpet. You're still submerged. You take another 18 points of acid damage, reduced to nine again. Same as you took last time. And what are you doing? Right here? There's only enough room for two people. Currently, Tiberius and Thorbir. You can try and get on there, but you'd probably push somebody else off. Okay. Athletics roll. It is a very thick, gloopy liquid. 21. That'll be enough to get you just towards the edge and you (grunts) pull yourself out onto the side of the stonework, taking a final 13 points of acid damage, halved because of your armor. You take seven. (pants) On the side, both you and Kashaw are catching yourself, wiping it off the parts of the flesh. You can see, there's scarring on your skin from where the liquid began to dissolve some of the flesh on the outer layers. The carpet itself is still (sizzling). The edges of it are starting to burn away and dissolve. He's across the way right now, currently on the small platform with Thorbir. What are you guys doing right now? Looking at it, there are parts of the walls that have slowly become pockmarked from the proximity of this caustic vitriol. They're few and far between. You can attempt to do a leap, parkour-style, but that would be a pretty hefty feat of acrobatics to do so. Swoop over. LIAM and You grab Thorbir? They use an actual raptor sound they record from the wild to dub the eagle. Yeah, they have to construct eagle noises in post. Giraffes, foxes, eagles. So are you grabbing Tiberius or Thorbir? Okay. Okay. You take Thorbir and lift him back over. Magic carpet has sustained fairly hefty damage and currently, the way you're reading it, its enchantment is fading. Okay. You take the Mending Wheel, and you set it up. Okay. As you're keeping yourself at the back, you can see it's all flowing in this direction, slowly. It looks like there's a section of the wall here that's somewhat open, and you can see there's a pathway where it's flowing through this direction, and it's coasting and flowing out underneath the wall on this side. So you're keeping a close eye on that. You've finished assembling the Mending Wheel. You take the flying carpet and set it on there. The wheel begins to rotate, and as it does, the carpet curls up, almost like heat to a hair. Curls up on its own and begins to formulate this small cluster of material. You can see where a lot of its vibrant color is gone and left with dark, charred, and partially eaten-away cloth and cotton. I'm going to ask you to make an arcana check to attempt to use your concentration and knowledge of magic enchantment to maintain it. 18 vs the damage dealt. Okay, as the Wheel spins and spins, you can see as the color is fading and fading and fading, the spark of enchantment sputters and sputters, and then the threads of the flying carpet begin to reattach and reform, and areas where the damage to the carpet begin to ravel back out into a fully functional formed carpet. The Mending Wheel eventually comes to a stop. The spokes of it collapse inward, and the carpet unfurls. A solid, seemingly untouched piece of material... A mundane carpet. Okay. Okay. Go ahead and make a perception check. Yes. What's the total amount of cure? Mass Cure Wounds? I would say Mass Cure Wounds, as a tactical standpoint, is a better thing to save for combat because it's a thing you can do one round, and you can heal everybody. So you'd more want to spend your level-1 spells and cure people as you go. Okay, go for it. Looking at this area, the wall is solid stone. There is no apparent exit. You take a while and inspect the wall, but it just seems to be solid walls. Either the exit may have been part of the collapsed wall, or there is no exit to this room. 18 on perception. Looking around the wall, you can see there's a section where you both look over on the far end in the corner, and there is a small panel of stone that seems to have a slight mismatch in the texture of the rest of the wall. As you both look at the wall, you see it and you take that cue and walk up and shove the plate at the side and it (stone scraping) glides to the side, slightly. And there is a small three foot by three foot entryway that exits this side of the room. As you guys are having this conversation, Thorbir has disappeared through a small pathway that he and Vax both found. You step through a 15-foot corridor that immediately opens into another room that has a small lower foyer area and a slight step up into a large contained room. This room is not as dark as everything else you've gone through, as far as light source. This room has a very faint series of braziers along the walls. They have almost a slight ember torchlight lighting the vicinity. Looking inside, you can immediately see what looks to be another small stream of that same acidic vitriol that is slowly pouring across the floor, and this appears to be the source that you saw before that has been trickling through and is eating into the side of the wall immediately to your left. Along the walls, there are sets of armor of varying size. They're set up as ornamental pieces. In the center of the room, there is a ten-foot-tall stone statue that stands before you. Humanoid, male, with slicked long hair that goes to about mid-back. You see fine robes that look beautifully carved out of this dark gray stone. The face is very chiseled and handsome, but at the top of the forehead, you see these two hooked horns that continue upward. There is not two legs, but one singular cloven hoof at the bottom of its torso as it stands. And you can see, from the eyes, the source of the green acidic liquid that drips down like tears, pools on the ground, and spills out of the room. You guys are entering after? You may, very much so. 18. You recognize, very clearly from your religious studies and your travels, this is Dispater, who is one of the archdevils of the second layer of Hell. Also known as the Iron Duke, and is considered a master of politics and manipulation. Roll stealth. Politics and deception. All righty. I will say, it's at this point that as you all assembled, you hear a voice echo through the room. It starts off as this low simmering growl. (growls) "I ask you all this "question Why do you hunt Hotis? Why do you come seeking me dead so fervently that you would "continue past such terrible losses and dangers?" Looking around the room, you see no source of the voice that seems to be either omnipresent or loud enough that the echoing of the walls doesn't give away any location. "What if I could tell you this contract you are bound to, there are ways of getting around "such magics?" "Why should you trust someone that with very little reason sent you to your death beneath a prison "cell to die a pit of acid?" "Yet." "You could try and kill me, and you may very well destroy me, but I'll be back. Or we could "choose to make a deal. Perhaps a separate contract. Equally binding, but nowhere near as "dangerous as this one. And I would say as part of this deal, perhaps we could do some business down "the road. You've already walked into my place of business and disturbed my customers and briefly "nearly ended my business venture for the time being. This is a very angering thing for one who "spends a very long time building these ventures. And I have plans. I have plots. Looking at the "both of you, I can see that perhaps you are not bound by the moralities that such silly folks in "Vasselheim seem to cling to. Am I incorrect?" "Hotis." (chuckles) "It is the name you know. That is all that is required. But I think you know as well "as I do. For my safety, I will remain unseen, just as your friend has. Now, will you let me leave? We "can have this conversation in the comfort of my own room. In fact, we can throw a small party. I "have the means to do so. You've already proven quite skilled at combat, and I would hate to think "you would throw away an opportunity for what paltry sum they're offering you "for a temporary victory." Okay. As you're all taking in this still and very creepy omnipresence of this Hotis character, you, in hearing the voice, it is a very trained voice. This is an individual that has spent the entirety of their life manipulating and toying with the emotions, minds, greed, and goals of others to get its desires itself, both self-preservation and progressive expansion of its own territory. You can tell in its voice, there is a hint of fear and a very heavy coating of words that are very well practiced and silver-tongued. But you gather that there is very little intent to follow through on its side of the bargain, and everything is designed as misdirection to send whatever it's made a deal with to its eventual doom. "That is unfortunate." I would like all of you to make a perception check right now. Okay. Both Keyleth and Vax, looking around the room, there is a little hint of movement, and you look over at the statue itself. There's a little glimmer of something shift. You see what appears to be this amulet or necklace of some kind that was resting around the statue. It vanishes. Okay. First off, everyone roll initiative. Okay. And with that, 20 or higher? 15 to 20? 19. All right. 15 to ten? (laughs) Look at that. All right, so 14 was Kash? 13 was? Keyleth. And then Tiberius. All righty. (laughs) All right. Top of the round. You hear some footsteps. There is a brief shimmering, and you see across the room, a form appear in the far corner. You see immediately this humanoid figure appear. Long, reddish robes, humanoid body, but the head itself is this dark gray feline tiger-like entity. This long, pronounced feline snout. Big fangs dripping from it, long whiskers, a sadistic grin on its face. The amulet that was once adorning the statue now around its neck. Where its hands are, you can see the hands are actually backwards and upturned in these nasty-looking claws. It continues and releases its hands in some sort of arcane form. Rakshasa. And with that, Tiberius. No, that's going to be on your turn there. That's what the initiative roll was for. I need you to go ahead and make a wisdom saving throw. He is, currently, yes. 4th-level Counterspell. So you do that. So he goes and finishes a Charm Person spell towards you. You release that with your ring and the spell dissipates from his grasp. (growls) It growls under its breath. He can see you. Yeah. Even though you're invisible, he looked right at you and cast the spell. You gather that there's something about him that can see through invisibility. With that, he's going to move in that direction. And at the end of that, that brings us to Vax. Along the wall here? Okay. Go for it. 15? Misses. 21 does hit. All right, so first one spins off. Second one, he ducks out of the way. The third one hits him in the side of the shoulder. Right, you can roll sneak attack damage. 22 damage? All right. It smacks into him. It hits him. The impact, though, seems to almost be partially absorbed or shrugged off. You're not entirely certain. It feels like it should have hit harder, but nevertheless, he took damage. All righty. Are you going to stay put? All righty. That'll end your turn. Now Kash, you are going. At the same time, one of the nearby larger pieces of armor comes to life and steps forward. You can now see, there is a large humanoid form that is built out of a giant breastplate with the shoulder pauldrons, a helmet, and these giant stone-like fists and feet that come lunging forward. Portions of its body are made of a thick leather or wood structure. As it comes bursting forward. (impact noise) You can hope to make a check on your turn. Brother Kash, what are you doing? Okay, move there? Further in? Okay, cool. This is about as far as you can get on this turn. Against which guy? All right, go for it. Yeah. He gets a saving throw. All right, it does make its saving throw. I just rolled a natural 19. So as you release the Sacred Flame, it seems to almost ricochet off. There's some sort of magical essence about this creature's construction. That ends your turn. This entity here is going to step forward, and you can see it brings its fist up for a second. There's a small gem that's embedded in one of the stone fists, and you can see it's pulsing with stored energy. It puts the fist forward as the rakshasa in the background as Hotis instructs it and points forward towards you guys. It puts the fist forward. The gem glows red and then releases a very familiar-looking bead of red energy. It is a spell. You've already used your reaction this turn. (laughs) You guys look over and see this as the red beam comes and hits the back wall and (explosion) detonates in a large Fireball blast that encapsulates the entire opposite side of the room. Okay. That would be a dexterity saving throw for all of you. Seven? (laughs) Fail. 19. 24. I feel like we're this close to starting the apocalypse. With each one that you roll-- Yeah. Somewhere deep beneath the Vatican, there's some monk who's running around screaming as their artifacts are cracking in half. That's amazing. All right. Well, that is 33 points of damage to Thorbir and to Brother Kash. Half of that to both of you guys. It was 33. So half of that would put you at 16. You rolled a 16? It would be a 16. So you made it. You take no damage. (laughs) All right, so. That is the creature's turn. It finishes its spell, pulls back. However, the gem goes to a dull, dark state. No more stored magical energy. Kash, what are you doing? Okay. At what level? You can cast it at a higher level. Okay. Okay, so Mass Cure Wounds. So that is 3d8 plus five. Plus, you get a healing bonus, as you are a healing cleric, as well. Look under your special abilities. Plus seven to each, since it's plus your spell level, too. So it's plus seven on top of that. Yes. 24 hit points. Did everyone keep track of that? All righty. So Kash, that's your move and that's your spell. That's your turn. You're done. Keyleth, you're up. All righty. You cast Faerie Fire, and you can see the energy coalesce and dissipate. The rakshasa unaffected entirely by the spell. Okay. You guys watch as Keyleth now angrily morphs into this large, white saber-toothed tiger that roars on the ground where she once was. You can move, still, if you wish. You have a speed of 40, I think? So you can get right up next to it. Yep. So you run around the side of the giant statue and right up in the face of Hotis, personally. End of Keyleth's turn. Tiberius, you're up. Thorbir, you're on deck. On both of them? What's the DC on it? 17. The golem-like creature-- which, if you want to make an arcana check right now, see if you can ID it. 21. You haven't seen one of these before, but you've heard about it in passing, and you feel like there was a story once about it. It's referred to as a shield guardian. It is linked to whoever wears the amulet and manages to share damage, should the wearer take damage. It also slowly repairs itself over time. So yes. You cast Slow. The rakshasa appears unaffected. However, the guardian's movements do seem to shimmer and shake as it's forcing its way through the arcane net you've now cast around it. Yep. Okay. So where are you going? Over here? That's about as far as you can get away from everything. All righty. That brings us to Thorbir. You could. You could probably leap over these. You could do that. Okay. You leap across, grin and bear it as you dodge over the bits of acid, cringing. And you rush up to the side with your axe and? I would say yes. That hits, yeah! You can, yeah. So first, roll your damage from the strike. 12 slashing. Nice. You give it to her. You can roll it now, and she'll add it to her damage. So now he looks to you and gives you the opportunity to attack the rakshasa as a reaction. To your damage. 15 misses. You strike out and the rakshasa right at your face ducks out of the way and has a small cane to its side that it knocks your strike to the side. That's the only time. All right. You hit the side of its armor and deflects off the side with a loud ringing sound. Unfortunately, no. Hits! Roll some damage on that one. That's added to your attack. Seven damage. You have two more. Roll your last one. 28 I think will hit. Go ahead and roll damage. You'd do that if it attacks you. Just do your damage. All righty. So out of the six strikes, three make contact. You're starting to carve sections into the leathery connecting areas of the shield guardian. You're doing damage, but it's still pretty hardy and holding itself up. That ends your turn, Thorbir? Up at the top. Hotis, who is unhappy and next to you, is going to disengage here. You do, yes. Nope? Okay. He's actually going to stay back here and is going to look over and glance at... yeah, he's going to glance at you, Vax. You see this time, it pulls itself back and with this grin, it catches your eye and has a slight shine to its connection. It whispers something under its breath. Make a wisdom saving throw. 15 total? All right. For the second time in a row, your mind is not your own. You feel the will of the rakshasa take your mind as you are dominated by it. You currently don't have visual on him. There's a big statue between the two of you, unfortunately, the ten-foot statue, so you wouldn't have visual on it when it cast the spell. This is the big statue, right there. So you are currently dominated. It is now your turn. The rakshasa is going to send you up behind Kash. (laughs) It makes sense. He comes in and heals the party and is closest to you and has no idea that you're currently turned against the rest of your allies. Make an attack on him. He's attacking you. 23 hits. Go ahead and do your sneak attack damage on this one. I will say this. Make a perception check. 23. You just catch, out of the corner of your eye, as Vax turns towards you, weapons drawn, and swooshes up to your side. You get the sensation that his mind is not his own, since this has already happened once today. Doing so, you turn to face him, negating the sneak attack. You're aware of it. So you don't get sneak attack damage. So first one was eight damage, so you take eight damage. The dice is doubled, and then you add the modifier. You deal damage, and then you heal yourself ten hit points, draining the life of whatever you damaged. So you took another eight damage. Take another eight damage, and then make a constitution saving throw. That's okay. You guys are immune to poison, thanks to the meal that she made. So as he eviscerates you with the daggers, most of the armor's absorbing a lot of the blows and you're feeling the impact and one of them catches you in the side, and you feel the poison pulse into your system, but your physical body shuts it down, and you feel yourself unaffected. Your turn to make another wisdom saving throw with advantage to try and resist it. You've resisted the effect. Domination fades. Kash, it's your turn. As he finishes attacking, he goes, (grunts, pants). Okay. Go for it. 30-foot radius sphere. You can hit everybody here, for the most part. You can hit all of your allies there. Plus five, and then plus an additional seven. So it would be plus 12. 3d8 plus 12. 29. So everyone heals 29 hit points. That is the end of your 5th-level spells. You are out of 5th-levels. All right. That ends Kash's turn. The shield guardian is going to turn this way and is going to attempt to pummel on you. That is a 25 to hit. (laughs) The second one is a 13. Okay, so the first one hits you for 12 points of bludgeoning damage as the fist slams into you. Second one comes down, and you manage to knock it away with the edge of your axe, bulldogging up in its face. It also heals itself ten hit points. As it begins to repair its form with each progressive round, the magic energy is sealing up the cracks and divots its armor is taking. This leads to the end of its turn. Keyleth, you're up. Correct. That does hit. However, are your natural weapons magical? That's right. So yes, you do bypass his nonmagical physical immunity. So what's the damage total on that? And what's your alignment? Just checking. And the other two attacks are? Hits. What does it say for the multi-attack of the tiger form? Saber-toothed tiger is the form. You do not have multi-attack with that creature. You bite in and as you do, it (groans) hits you with its elbow, its backward-turned hand trying to grasp out and push you off. As it tears you away, you got a chunk of its meat. And for some reason, you did a lot more damage than you thought you would. You hit some sort of vulnerable point in its body, or there's something about the attack method that it did not like. (gasps, roars) It hisses at you with this guttural tiger growl. Tiger on tiger. You going to stay put, or are you going to move away? All right, so you're staying right there. All right. Tiberius, you're up. There. Center of the room? All right. Okay. There is an orb of Silence here that fills the vicinity. All righty. All right. Your visibility comes back. All righty. That ends Tiberius's turn. Thorbir, you're up. Go for it. That hits. What did you roll? It adds to the damage roll, not the attack. That's okay. Your first attack hit. You have two more. 16 does not hit, unfortunately. It beats away the edge of your blade with one of its giant fists. 23 hits. As it pulls back from knocking away your blade, you use the inertia to spin it around and come down on top with your axe. You add it before I tell you if it hit or missed. So you can roll and be like, "I don't know "if that will hit or not. Let me add my dice to it." 11. All righty. Knocked away, and then come down with a third hit, cracking in the center of the breastplate. The breastplate actually separates slightly. You can see a little of the arcane energy holding it together underneath. Starting to knock some damage into it. You can see it's taken a little wear and tear. It's still pretty hefty, but you're starting to dig into the shield guardian. Does that end your turn? You get one bonus action every turn, if you have an ability that uses one. Go for it. There you go. Very nice. Ends your turn. Back at the top. That is Hotis's turn. Hotis begins looking at itself. It moves. It gets an attack from you, Marisha. So that does hit. All right. You strike. Once again, as it runs by, you get a chunk out of it and it (grunts) growls in anger and pain. You notice at the same time that she takes the bite out of it, the guardian shudders, like it suddenly took an impact on its own. As it charges away, though, it runs out of the field of Silence... It is going to begin casting a spell on itself, and immediately drifts up toward the ceiling. It is now currently flying in the room about ten feet up right now. That's going to end its turn. Vax, you're up. Okay. 27. Okay. Remember, in order to properly hide, you would have to go somewhere where you would remain out of the sight of the individual. Hiding behind another party member is a little hard to do. Yeah. Thanks to your stealth roll, the guardian does not see you. It can't get a reaction, anyway, because it's slowed from you. So yeah, you're able to scoot around to the side there, and then fling the daggers around the corner. The rakshasa apparently has not noticed you. That hits, and it does do sneak attack damage. 38 damage. Okay. First off, when you throw the dagger, and it strikes, it hits the side of the ribcage of the rakshasa who is floating up, and (grunts) it doubles over in severe pain, more than you expected it would be, and it clutches and tries to grab the dagger to pull it out before it vanishes from the wound, leaving the blood pooling out of it. It looks like it was hurt significantly by this attack, more so than you were expecting. However, at the same time, the shield guardian doubles over for a second. The link appears to be sharing the damage between the two of them. Apparently, just when you hit the rakshasa. 14? Nope. All right. So that is Vax's turn. The rakshasa, you can see, is clutching its side now, and there's blood beginning to pool around its robe and it (pants) is looking around with nervous eyes. That brings us to the end of Vax's turn. Kash, you're up. Over here? This is Thorbir and Vax. You can, yes. Okay. All right, so you create a spiritual weapon of some kind. What weapon would you like to create? Okay, so as you clutch your holy symbol to yourself, now there's a sudden pillar of bright, vibrant healing light surrounded by that same halo of pitch-black darkness, almost like this strange border around it. This duality hits the ground, and as it vanishes, you can see on the ground this shimmering, almost static-y mace is left behind, almost flickering in and out of existence. It drifts off on its own and is now hovering in the air next to you. Do you wish to send it up? Okay. What's the damage on the magical weapon? All right, so roll a d20 and add your spell attack bonus. 20 hits. Roll damage. It's 1d8 plus five, which is your spell bonus. Okay. Ten points of damage. All right, so as it slams into the side, the rakshasa (gasps) takes the brunt of it to its arm, and the shield guardian shudders slightly in the distance. You can use your bonus action to do that, yes. So it drifts behind and makes a second strike. Roll a d20. A d20 to try and hit. And add your spell attack bonus. Ten? This time, the rakshasa's a little more wise to your plan. As it swings around, it actually uses its Fly to dip down as it swings, and then comes back up around in its place, gliding and staring at it with a snarl. (snarls) I believe that ends your turn. Now the shield guardian turns this way and now it's taken notice of the rogue that has run up and eviscerated a portion of its master. It's going to pivot in place and bring both fists right down towards you. Okay. What does that do, again? For one attack, right? Well, that one will be a 25 to hit? And that will be a 14 to hit. So the one that hits you-- 15 damage. Bludgeoning damage, which is halved to eight damage. Above you? It's about a 15-foot ceiling. 15 to 20-foot ceiling. Nothing in particular, no. You just have the wall sconces up there. This room has been repurposed from its original construction and hidden away. It looks like it was initially some sort of storage or altar room, based on how it was designed. All right, that ends its turn. Keyleth, you're up. That hits. Is this a pounce? If you move back and then pounce, you could. You have the movement to do so. So you back up, (growls) leap, and pounce on the shield guardian. Nope! Not with a three. (impact noise) Slow and prone. Seven damage. All righty. So as you jump on it, you force it to the ground. You see the thing topple towards you, and you have to step back to avoid it, Thorbir. It crashes into the ground, and now Minxie, the white saber-toothed tiger, is on top of it, and starts biting and clawing at it, dealing a bunch of damage to the front of its armor. Very cool. That ends Keyleth's turn. Tiberius, you're up. Strangely enough, none of this makes any sound. It's a silent battle. It is the creepiest, quietest fight over here right now. Okay. I'm looking up the spell real fast. That's a natural 20 for the rakshasa, and that is a six for the shield guardian. I'm clarifying this because the spell says this. They make a dex saving throw, or they're lifted by the pillar. If they make a save, they are not touched by the pillar. No, they don't take any damage. If they make their save, they dodge out of the way. That's how the spell is designed. It's primarily intended to be a defensive spell that can occasionally be used offensively, if they fail their save. The shield guardian takes the damage. And he's pinned, currently. Yep. WIL and All right. The rakshasa dodges out of the way, and there is now a giant pillar in the middle of the room. All right. That ends your turn, Tiberius? Thorbir, you're up. Currently, it is pinned against the ceiling, so you cannot hit it. You can if you want to. You can use your action to hold off until something triggers, which could be moving into range, in case you could then take your action on it. Not from that distance, no. So you'll wait for this thing to try and find its way out. All right, cool. So that brings us to the top the rakshasa's turn. The rakshasa finishes scanning the room for a second, and he says, "Well, this has been a lot "of fun. I appreciate this little scuffle. However, I have other business to attend to. Looking at the "rest of you, at least I know where to hit you all the hardest. I know you have a father you seek. I "know you have family in Draconia. I know you have a sister that is not too far from here. And you. I "know you have one you hold dear to your heart. I can now see your minds, see their faces, and I "will see them soon. However, I must say adieu." And he begins to cast-- You already used one 4th-level Counterspell from your ring earlier. How do you have two 4th-level Counterspells in a ring that can carry up to four levels of a spell? It can carry up to four levels of spells. Welcome to Dungeons and Dragons. It's all good. You have Counterspell as a spell you know, though, right? Okay. Good to know. That makes a difference. Let me double-check one thing real fast, because this will make or break the circumstance, really. All right. All right. It is a 7th-level spell, so let's go ahead and roll. Okay. Don't roll yet. Okay, so roll a d20 and your spell-casting ability is five for this. So you roll a d20. Add a five. I will say you have advantage on this because you were expecting and waiting for this, so go ahead and make your first roll. Roll one at a time. 19? All right. 19? All right. To counter this spell as a level seven, you needed to roll a 17 or higher. You are targeting the spell, not the rakshasa itself. As you can see, its form begins to shimmer, and you see a small gate begin to open around its form. You, as a reaction, reach up and unleash your torrent of countering arcane energy. It hits this opening gate. The gate then fluctuates and shuts. At which point, the rakshasa goes, (quiet growl) and for the first time, really, in this entire battle, looks genuinely scared. Don't break your hand! It's going to fly-- actually, it's going to fly toward the door. Yeah. That's all the movement it can get, there, but it is heading towards the exit. He's gliding toward the doorway over everybody. That brings us to Vax's turn. From this statue here? At that height, I'd say it's about 30 feet. You're partially obscured by the statue. I'd say you can do that. He did not see you stealth, actually. He did not roll high enough perception, so you have sneak attack on him. 30 damage? How do you want to do this? (cheering) The dagger hits it in the back of the neck and the spine. It doesn't quite cut through the spinal column. You see it comes out the front of the throat. (choking noise) The spell falters. (thud) It falls to the ground, taking a serious impact fall and is now, (grunts) dragging itself towards the exit of the room as you start walking up to collect your blade. (coughing, gasping) It brings up its hand to start trying to cast a spell. (wet choking sound) It coughs this big pool of blood onto the ground. (death rattle) With a spray of crimson across the ground and this horrible sucking sound, you pull back the head as the life force of the rakshasa comes spraying across the stone floor. As you release it and leave it to the ground with the last bit of life left in its body leaves its form, you hear this chuckle. "I'll find you." (laughs) The body tumbles into the acid. (sizzling sound) You guys run over really quickly and pull it out. The shield guardian that was currently struggling has gone limp, pinned against the ceiling. Does nobody have the contract? It might have ended up in the storage. The actual, physical contract. That would have been a real shame to get all this far. Gives you advantage on those, yeah. Correct. Roll two at a time to make it more expedient. Well, it's with advantage, so the first roll's a 20. That's for the eyes? Without a problem, pop both eyes out. There is a purpose you serve. 16? All right. With some difficulty, you manage to eventually tear the heart out of the chest cavity. It's a very nasty process, and most of you guys-- well, not so much you guys; you've seen a lot of crimson, but watching this little druid girl, seemingly unfazed by the process of tearing into the chest of this rakshasa, is very disconcerting. And it is this dark, dull red, like overcooked meat. You take each one of the hands of the rakshasa, the back-turned, strange, upside-down humanoid hands, and cut them off at the wrists, very cleanly, and both are harvested without issue. 25 total? You take the rest of the head. You can see this terrible grin, this perpetually pulled smile from its final moments. You manage to pull out, very cleanly, both of the canines from the inside of the mouth. It's a little difficult, since a rather large portion of the rakshasa's blood is currently spattered across the floor, thanks to Vax. You manage to harvest one vial of its blood. One vial. You currently have a vial of rakshasa shave scum. The dagger is left there as a proclaiment, and all of you feel the weight behind that whispered statement and decide it might be best to leave that dagger where it sits. As you've completed the harvesting, you notice the contract, the sigils that currently lock it, flash and seem to vanish from the paper, your contract completed. For the sake of brevity, you all manage to make your way-- arduously and with much difficulty-- not through the Amaranthine Oubliette, because that would be difficult, but retracing your steps back through a tunnel which has been sealed shut by iron pillars. That's a terrible idea. Creating explosions in small, enclosed, earthen tunnels is a really good idea. They completed the contract, but then all suffocated due to a sudden cave-in. It was so unfortunate, the second team. Everyone's just permanently breathing air. It is the worst fate ever for a PC. It takes you a long time to retrace your steps and find your way through the entrapment, especially since as you remove the iron pillars, the boulder then begins to roll past, so you carve your way through. You make your way precariously back to the Velvet Cabaret, back into the room where the rakshasa once lived. Do you wish to walk into the center of the Velvet Cabaret, covered in various fluids? All right. (boof) The door slams open and you all step into the center of the Velvet Cabaret. As you do, two of the guards turn and see you exit. "Hey! Hey, wait! What are you doing?" And they go for their blades to the side. Make an intimidation check. 14? He rolled a three. He looks to the other guy. "As long as you're leaving." He sheathes the sword, and they give a wide berth. You can hear the music playing, and everyone's laughing. As you enter the room, the music comes to a stop. He steps back for a second. Some of the other patrons are watching this. Some look scared; some look intrigued by this whole sudden arrival of strange warriors covered in various ichor. Watching as you step out, a swarm of them look at the feet, and one of them goes, "Oh! They killed "some sort of tiger!" That's not an accent. (laughter) No one argues. As you sip, you make your way through the main thoroughfare back to the center of the Quad Roads to the Slayer's Take guildhall. You step inside, and there across the way, in mid-conversation with his wife, is Mertin, talking to the Huntmaster, Vanessa. As you enter, they both turn with a look of excited surprise. "I assume that this means the contract went well, right?" (excited chuckles) He shows it to the Huntmaster. She glances down with a smile. "Very "good. I am glad that we gave you such a trusted member as your overseer. You did well, Thorbir. "Thank you for your effort in keeping these fledglings alive." "It's not meant as an insult. I'm sorry, perhaps you do not understand that we speak with "terms of endearment." "Very well. So, looking at the contract. Is everything hopefully in order?" She takes it from you, looks into the contents of the bag. "Very well. You shall be paid out in full and scattered "amongst your party as you see fit." "Not yet. They are still out at the moment. They've been gone for about as long as you have "been. You've returned faster than they have. Let us hope that they are safe. But I have faith. They "seemed very intent on completing this without issue, so I would not be too worried. I will "notify you upon their return, though." "Where are you staying?" "You could, if you like. We have room, and technically, as of this contract, you are all "officially members of the Take. You may stay here, if you wish." "Very well. We shall hold off the ceremony for when the rest of your team arrives." She crosses her arms and her usual jovial, passive attitude grows a little more stern. She gives a nod of genuine respect towards Thorbir. And for the first time she looks about the rest of you with a slightly intense look of really understanding the essence of strength between and behind each of you. "I believe you're correct. I think there will be great things ahead for us. "Welcome to the Slayer's Take." She reaches down, brings up a small wooden chest. Sets it on the edge and opens it. On the inside, you can see it is rather abundant in gold and platinum, of which the total comes to-- (counts quietly) 5,100 gold pieces for this contract. That is 1,020 gold each. Correct. "It has." "If you insist. But you know that whenever you come back to our little humble abode, you "always have a place to stay and work at your disposal, Brother Kash." "Very well. Welcome to the Slayer's Take." And with that, we'll close this evening's session. (laughter) Well done, guys. There were a few seriously clutch moments in those encounters there. You were one roll away from losing the contract. Congrats on that. Guys, well done. Please, round of applause for our fantastic guests these past couple of weeks. (cheering) Awesome. Thank you for coming to be a part. Absolutely surreal. And Will Friedle, guys, who had never played. You totally gave Keyleth her first kiss. (laughter) Damn, guys. All right, so we have our donation list for the evening. Darin, get in here! Also, guys, this is a friend of the show. Darin, another amazing voice actor who's a fan of the show. (cheering)