Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around, roll dice, and play Dungeons and Dragons, while Liam curses at me a few seconds before we start the show to try and throw me off. It's worked once before. It'll probably work again. (laughs) Welcome to the show. So yeah, for the returning friends, thank you for coming, and for new folks, welcome to the chaos. It's already so hostile here tonight. So I guess first and foremost, let's see if we can get through these announcements pretty quick. First and foremost, a reminder, me and Marisha will be in Colorado tomorrow at the Colorado Anime Fest. We'll be guests this weekend there, so if any folks are coming out, we'll look forward to seeing you. We'll be flying over bright and early tomorrow morning. Taliesin, you're also-- So you can stalk him. Yeah. Waldo Tracker. Why has nobody done that yet? Give it some time. Let's see. Also, I guess, tonight we're going to be trying out this new table camera here on the side to give you a separate view of the battle. We can switch around as we're finding our way through the amorphous betterment of our program. I'll put that on the wish list. Only if it's actually Wolf Blitzer, though. If we can have him running through the battlefield, it'll be great. But yeah, so you can head to the Geek and Sundry Amazon wish list, the link should be in the chat, for other things they're looking for to hopefully try and improve this experience and bring it to you guys and be even better going forward. So you can check that out, and this camera's our first leap in that direction, so you can let us know how you think it works and bear with us as we still figure this whole thing out. Let's see. Also, next week, most of us will be at Wizard World Portland. That's our first Wizard World, you can check out the website for information about our events and signings and tickets and stuff like that, so go check it out, please, we look forward to seeing you guys, and we'll see you up in Portland next weekend. What else do we have going on? (laughs) You would, wouldn't you? So stupid excited for that. Can't even. I can't even. It's so dumb. So dumb. Life is dumb. Life is dumb. But yeah. So, we got that going on. I can't think of anything else. If anything else comes up, we'll throw it in there in the mid-break, but in the meantime-- Yes! Sure, go for it. 'Sup, Jewel-face? Donate to the Vision. My charity. MARISHA and I got one too, guys! I know, it happens. Hey, no, overlooked my entire life, it's nothing new. My charity is First Book, which brings reading materials to underprivileged children and helps people become more confident readers and youth that don't have access to programs to help promote literary adventure and really delving into the amazing thing that is reading. Thank you guys for helping us support that, it's been really fantastic. So important. More than you'd give it credit for. Yes. Find a date. Take them there. Tell them Critical Role sent you. Anyway. So. So. Let us go ahead and delve into tonight's game proper, folks. So, to get you up to speed, Vox Machina, the intrepid band of adventurers you see before you, after a series of adventures, had found their way back to their central city of Emon, in the center of the region of Tal'Dorei. After a ceremony in which the leader of their city, Sovereign Uriel Tal'Dorei, was announcing him stepping down, the town was suddenly under siege by a group of extremely powerful and dangerous ancient dragons that call themselves the Chroma Conclave. After tearing the city asunder in many places, three of them flew off into the east under the instruction of the fourth and possibly largest and leader of the group, that has recently been found to be called Thordak the Cinder King, who currently resides in the center of the city of Emon, claiming that his mercy is only for those who worship him and essentially feed his greed and hunger. As such, Vox Machina, narrowly escaping the battle, a couple of encounters with these dragons, including one above their Keep, are housing a number of survivors who have made their way out of the city and are currently residing in Greyskull Keep for protection. You guys went into the city to see if you could find any other allies and friends that may have survived this encounter. You befriended a member of the Clasp, named Garthok, who walked amongst the rubble and proceeded to show you the secret entrance he knows to the Clasp, of which you may be trying to inquire about information. On your way to that area, you passed by Gilmore's shop, Gilmore being a good friend of the group and a powerful magic practitioner and creator of magical items and artifacts and a number of glorious goods. His abode, however, smashed and currently a pile of burnt wood and rock. Looters were currently poring through, and you attempted to get them to leave the area alone. It came to blows, and with many of the looters falling in battle, two of which were kept locked away. You discovered the location of where they were hoarding the massive amounts of gold and artifacts that they had acquired from the rubble. You then found the secret compartment in which Gilmore's teleportation sigil was locked beneath his shop, where the remaining family of Tal'Dorei, Salda and the three children, as well as Gilmore himself, wounded and barely alive, having saved them. You found that Uriel, the Sovereign, did not seemingly survive the encounter with the dragons, and Gilmore nearly fell going back to try and make sure that you guys were okay, barely escaping with his life. You managed to save his, and taking the children, Salda, Sherri, and Gilmore back to Greyskull Keep, some of you splintered off to try and acquire the goods that were taken from his store, however, they apparently had already been stolen from the location they were being stored in, or been delivered already, you're uncertain as to what became of them, but you get the sense that it was probably best that you chose Gilmore over the gold at first glance. Making your way back to the Keep, you've sent Gilmore up to rest for the evening, some of you have then found your way down into the temple of Sarenrae, where a number of the escaped refugees from Emon currently try desperately to cling to their memories, to try and keep the shakes at bay and contemplate what the next step is for survival in this now partially ruined city. That was where we left off. So. What would you like to do? Good! Roll for it. You're in Greyskull Keep. Gilmore's with you, he's been brought upstairs-- Actually, in the short time in which her visitor, this angelic deva-like entity that was brought forth from Sarenrae's sphere of influence, did manage to repair entirely the damage that was sustained to the Keep from the battle with Vorugal out in your courtyard. So yes, Greyskull Keep is now back to being intact and rather fairly polished. The stained glass is affixed and corrected. It's far enough away, but-- It's about midafternoon at this point, maybe pushing into the evening. I'm sorry, what was that? Lady Kima's been in Vasselheim. Yeah, she and Drake went. In your hearts. In your heart of hearts. They're scattered between the dining hall and the temple to Sarenrae. Partially because, one, there's enough space there, two, it's a place of sanctity, it's a place of hope, and Pike is currently bringing people-- not preaching to them, per se, but offering comfort in their current area of misery and worry. So those are pretty much the localized areas. Occasionally one of the kids might begin wandering the halls, a parent might chase after them, trying to draw them back in, but respectfully, no one's wandering the house filling their pockets, they're all still happy to be alive at this point. There's that, too. Sure, yeah. Shayne, who's out front, currently strolling through the courtyard, comes up to you, and as you ask her, she goes, "Well, we've had a few other refugees come in and ask for "entry, and we patted them down to make sure there were no weapons and tried our best to keep an eye "on them since they arrived. Seems like most everyone's keeping either into the city or keeping "fairly underground." "Not yet, but I believe Jarett's keeping a close eye." Pike is with you. She is currently helping folks inside the temple. But you could go ask her to. So. Glancing about the populace of scattered refugees throughout the general vicinity of Greyskull Keep, I will pick two of you who wish to be the main surveyors of the crew. This would be insight, yes. Okay, so Vex and Keyleth, both you guys roll insight checks, please. Okay. Both of you guys spend about ten, 15 minutes or so scanning through the crew, asking a few questions, helping a few folks out while keeping an eye on reactions around the general vicinity. No one sticks out to you as being either hiding their intent, shifty. There are a few folks that are aloof from the whole experience, who seem to be either in a state of shock, or discomfort based on their current surroundings, but nothing in a way that strikes you as nefarious or worrisome. Correct. Yeah. There's a lot of people that live in Emon, and none of them seem to catch your eye. Most of them have had their wounds tended to. There are a few that have general scars, some from elements of frostbite on their skin, who were caught in the blast, who were salvaged after Vorugal left. There are a few that have scrapes and bruises from fleeing from the town, from collapsing debris from different buildings and such, but no serious injuries. A few bone fractures here and there that have been set and bandaged. Well, there are a number of deceased in the front courtyard, people that were frozen and shattered as part of Vorugal's attack, which at this point, most of them have been taken care of by the guards and given a proper burial on the outside of the Keep, a few yards away, towards the inside of the one of the hills. They haven't been left to thaw, if that was what you're worried about. Cost-effective. A number of the refugees have also helped the guards as well, transporting the bodies of the deceased and making sure that they're properly interred in the nearby countryside. As a note, too, Pike can also scry as well. Comes out, a little bit of dirt on her brow, looks like she's been busy handling some of the folks-- She smiles and pushes your hand away. "Yes, what, yes?" "I do. I do. Why?" "Of course, of course, no worries." She ushers you guys back into the temple. And then gets a little nervous when she starts thinking about it and walks up to the central platform of prayer and takes out her holy symbol. Her armor's off right now, by the way, she's in her ceremonial robes. Because it's hard to clank around in armor amongst a bunch of refugees. Sits down and focuses for a second, and pulls out some salt, and begins spreading it into a small triangular shape around her, and then pulls her holy symbol out and closes her eyes, and for that moment, you can see a beam of sunlight come through the roof, the glass roof of the temple, which then refracts into multiple colors that slowly dissipate around her. You can see, everyone else that has gathered in the room falls quiet, and watches on as there is this tiny little visual miracle. And she stays there for a moment. A few more moments. Probably about 30, 40 seconds pass before the light slowly retracts back up through the glass, and she stands up and turns around and goes, "Vasselheim seems fine for now. Untouched from the dragon's scourge, at the very "least." MARISHA & "Oh. Yes." She gets right back down into position with an air of begrudging acceptance. Focuses for a second. Spends a few more moments in her scrying ritual before stepping back, and turns slowly to you, Percy, and says, "Whitestone seems fairly overlooked by these dragons as well. The "town rebuilds. People seem to be going about their lives. Possibly none the wiser as to what's "transpired this side of Tal'Dorei." "Okay." One of the kids starts crying, and she goes, "Oh, hold on." And goes over and starts tending to one of the children who has like a knee brace on, and is currently aching, and she goes to help calm him down. "Shh, shh." Okay. Back to your regularly scheduled D&D game. I would like Vax and Vex to both roll a history check. Nope, that's-- you get to roll this because of that. Okay. Are you proficient in history? Sure, I'll let you roll. Okay. Being the astute researcher, the indoor kid growing up. Yeah. There aren't a lot of books that made their way north about pure elven culture, especially wooded elves, that comprise the entirety of the Syngorn nation. It has rarely come into play, but because of previous wars, terrible devastation, and the need for the elvish culture to protect itself, and to maintain its existence, you do know that there have been instances of large enchantments on places of cultural importance that would bridge between here and the Feywild. And as a defense mechanism, essentially, would cloak and/or shift those locations. Okay. As your vision separates from your current place of origin, you find yourself drifting up into the clouds and speeding through the air. The location itself is blurred, though recalling the origin of where you originally came from, you pass by columns of black smoke to your left, you assume somewhere related to Westrunn's current location. Eventually, the clouds part, and you find yourself thrust down upon the earth amongst the center of the Air Ashari tribe. You can see the thin leather constructs that make up a portion of your people's hovels and buildings. You can see the nearby chasm-based windfall that pours through constantly with a gentle whistling sound that forever is marked as the chorus that guides you all to sleep every evening. There, you can see your people amongst various conversations, going amongst their various daily duties, seemingly untouched, unscathed, and unaware of what recent events had transpired. That is the last of your scrying capability for the day. At this point now, in your keep, surviving, you're looking at the 30s. All right, so as you go into the temple and get Pike's attention, you begin to round up the refugees, which as a statement, historically, is already unnerving. You begin to push them all together in a group and tell them what? "No, that's true, that's true! It's terrible here!" "Yes, and thank you for taking us." Everyone starts cheering. Make a persuasion check. Okay! A couple of folks currently, (muttering) "I've never been to Whitestone! Is it cold?" "It's winter!" "Okay?" A couple of kids go, "Vampires, sir?" "What was that? What'd you say?" "Winter! Right! Okay, let's grab our things!" And some of the folks start getting their things together. Packing up their things-- what they had on their back, essentially, as they rushed here. Shake a few out of their shell-shock, and they all gather up towards the center of the Temple of Sarenrae. We'll find out! That's up to you guys! How do you want to do this? I'd say you have seven children. Some of the kids raise their hands, some adults go over and they grab kids' hands and stand next to them. "Yes." Make an insight check. Ha! Two of those people are definitely just taking a kid's hand in hopes of getting through first. "Well, I mean, I can wait, no worries! Eh--" "They haven't shown up yet." Pike comes over and pats him on the shoulder. They're the same height, so it's easy. Altogether, completed full families, there are two. It'd be a total of eight people. Okay. You have about ten more people that raise their hands. Sure. Take a 1d10 inspiration die. We shall see. I'll say for the sake of this, go ahead and roll a wisdom check. A d20 and add your wisdom modifier. Go for it. Yep, wisdom modifier. 19 total, okay. So as you all gather around in the center of the temple, Keyleth, you step up to the outside of one of the two front trees to the temple, one of the ones you guys usually use to transport to and from here. As you focus in and reach your hand out and touch the outside of the tree's bark, with a rough tearing sound, the tree bark widens into an oval-shaped doorway that is immediately visible. On the opposite side, you can see before you a lightly snow-dappled landscape that is the central market of Whitestone. From what you had. Who's pushing? Percy's through. All right, are you guys just letting them go at their own rate? Roll an intimidation check. 17. With that, everyone goes, (startled noise) and starts charging through wildly. The crowd starts pushing through. Okay. All of the rest-- the family people go through, the young folks push through. You manage to get a total of 23 people through. (cheering) Percy? They're all looking around. A gentle snowfall is coming down. The sky itself you can see is covered in light, white clouds. Just enough moisture to carry the little snowfall that's happening. There are folks in the center of the town that are surprised to see this arrival, but recognize you and cheer a little bit. "Hey! Percival." (laughter) The refugees all gather up behind you, and you guys walk towards Castle Whitestone. The guards greet you and lead you inside. And within a few minutes, Cassandra comes down from the upper floor. "Percival, you've returned." "No, we've been focused on restoring our city. Why?" And she looks behind you, looks to the crowd, snaps her fingers. Some of the guards step forward, she goes, "Please, if you would make sure to find any of the various unoccupied buildings are provided to these "refugees. Thank you." And the guards nod, and begin gathering the group and sending them back into town, and she gives you a look back and says, "For better or for worse, we happen to have a number of vacancies in the city due to recent "events. But--" "No, just-- We've lost many in the struggle against the Briarwoods. But yes, they will be "provided for, I assure you." "Yes, yes." "Right, right, well, we had a few individuals that were researching the ziggurat "beneath the city. Two left a while back and we had one arrive just the other day." "I cannot recall his name-- Realm Seeker, Realm Seer-- I'm not--" All right, Cassandra leads you down into the city again, and one of the houses has been provided, she knocks on the door, the door opens and you see stepping out, an older gentleman who you've heard of but not really had an encounter with since-- no, actually you encountered him for the final ritual that took the phylactery from Grog's chest. But this is Realmseer Eskil Ryndarien, the archmage that basically was one of the folks who lived within Westruun and was called to Whitestone as part of research-- As the door opens, he comes out, eyes adjusting to the light, and you can see the interior is very dark. He's one of those live-in-lightless-territory types of person. Comes out with his round spectacles around his nose, his robe is disheveled, bundled over his shoulders, he goes, "Yes, if I may be of service--?" "Quite! Yes we have. You're with those S.H.I.T.s, weren't you?" "Unfortunate title you've chosen--" "Good! Vox Machina, glad you took my suggestion." "What can I do for you?" "Frustrating, to say the least. It appears that this entire--" and he walks back into the house, expecting you guys to follow. As you enter, immediately you're hit with the smell of sage and other burning herbs, and you can see there's a vast number of books that are strewn about the table in front. The fireplace in the back is pouring smoke up into the roof area and soot's starting to gather on the stonework on the outside. Looks like there's two or three different kettles going off with different types of tea. It's complete chaos in here, but he seems to be in control of most of it, at least. He goes, "From best we can ascertain, this is some sort of a magical siphon "device. It has prevented us from utilizing any sort of ritualistic endeavors in ascertaining its "nature, it's quite perplexing. I'm hoping to either head over to Wildemount, or perhaps return "to the Cobalt Reserve and perhaps find some historical information about such an object, but "nothing in my current--" "I'm sorry, what?" "Well, I guess it's good that I moved my tower before I left." "This is very disconcerting news. I will do what I can. Unfortunately, I'd have to get back to "the Cobalt Reserve. That's where most of my research is completed." "Let me see. Jeckt--" And he snaps his fingers, and you can see his manservant, Jeckt, who you've met before, slicked-back darkish red hair, mustache, very prim and proper-type manservant, well-dressed, steps out of the shadows. "Yes, my lord?" "If you would be so kind, prepare me for travel, pack up this--" "Well, that's really frustrating!" "Really." "Yes. I am unhappy with this circumstance! How am I supposed to do my research without a "place to do my research?!" "Well, you can say that again." "Yes, yes go! Do your thing!" "Should I find anything, how will I-- whereabouts-- Where are you?" "That does not help me. I will do my best." "Ah, Cassandra. All right! Someone of use around here." He doesn't even say goodbye to you. He's completely flustered. It's funny. For everyone who's taken completely by the horror of the situation, he just seems really perturbed about the-- Yeah, it's so inconvenient. That library was very helpful. Basically. You find your way to Cassandra again. She's waiting outside of the room. "I hope "he's been helpful, brother" "Yes." "He's a very strange man." "I hope so." "Is there worry that these dragons might come here?" "How will we stop them?" "We have to." "Neither do I." "Stay safe, Percival." "I hope so. We'll do what we can in the meantime to see to your refugees and hopefully try "and prepare ourselves." "All right. We'll be prepared. Thank you." She reaches out and puts her hand on yours, again, and looks you sternly in the face and goes, "Be careful." "You're all I have left." "There's still a ways to go, brother." She hands you the gatestone. And with that, there's a slight popping sound as you're in a very soft bit of bluish-purple light. Your body slowly subsides and fades into nothing before it (poof) vanishes out of existence. As you guys are back at the keep, suddenly, who has the gatestone? As you're holding it, it begins to shake in your hand and give off a warm light. You have about eight or nine. At which point now, there's a slight smell of burnt cedar before the air itself begins to sound like a light hum or vibration as suddenly Percy's form (poof) appears in the center of the room next to your gatestone. Both of the stones you guys are holding all of a sudden become white-hot, and you instinctively drop them before they tumble to the ground. At this time? It's pretty close to dusk, the sun is getting close to the mountain line, you probably have another hour of daylight. All right, you guys heading back into Emon? You guys taking the tunnel or you walking in? No, are you guys walking through your tunnel to the city, is what I'm saying. No. However, it does work only once a day. After another long rest you'd be able to use it again. Like you do. Half-elven storage space. You guys find your way back into Emon, utilizing your secret tunnel entrance, coming up through the false outhouse once again. You leave the chain behind, locking it up, and make your way into the city. All right. You guys, I'd like you all to make a stealth check. Nope, too bad. Okay. Placing Trinket over here. So as you guys start dodging between the alleyways, making your way towards the north side of Emon, alongside the ruined interior of the Cloudtop District, you instinctually begin to-- and I'd say-- who else has proficiency in perception? All right. You guys all start noticing there are what looks initially like flocks of birds moving through the sky. Some of them are heading down into parts of the town in the distance. As you continue to push forward, one set of four in particular start heading overhead. You look up and you can see a small cluster of about five or six flying creatures. Not dragon-sized, by any means, but either a very, very large bird or something of that degree. You can't make out the details, as right now as the sun's beginning to set, a lot of it's dark against a red-orange sky. You keep yourself at bay, waiting for them to pass. Unless you guys want to do something else. Yes. They are actually indeed wyverns. Wivverns. However you want to pronounce it. Both work in my world. It's fine. Yes. (laughter) You can see a few that dove into city and stayed there. And one group goes overhead, and continues onward. Pushing forward, deeper into the city, you make your way through the Temple District, and start pushing through Abdar's Promenade once again, retracing your steps from the day before, dodging through open areas as fast as possible to stay within the shadows. All of you go darting into one of the alleyways. As you turn behind you, you can see your tiny-legged gnomish bard friend, keeping up as best as he can before his foot hitting a divot on the ground and (slam) falling face first on the ground, making just enough noise-- You hear a little screech in the distance. (screech) And coming up on the rooftop, you can see, perched up there, appears to be one wyvern that is looking over down at the currently toppled gnome, and on top of the wyvern, you see something riding it. Something that is holding reins on the edge, something humanoid is glancing over, just a little enough of a shadow, to see. He looks down at you, yeah. Okay. You all barely see it looking over the edge as Scanlan's there, left in the middle of the main walkway. That is going to be a natural 17 on the will save. That'll be an 18. What's your DC? With having you fallen on your face, I'd say probably not. Since it wasn't specified, that would be a DC of 17. So the creature seems to rear back for a second, shake its head, and you get a little bit of a look at the features at this point, too. And it is humanoid, but you can see its outer body is not fleshy, or smooth, it is scaled and bumpy. You can see ridges across the back of the head, and in one of the hands, looks like some sort of a spear. Immediately as it rears back, it puts its head up and goes (guttural gibberish). Yeah, riding on the back of the wyvern. I would like you all to roll initiative. All right, so! Scanlan, as you were running across the thoroughfare, you tripped and fell that way. The rest of you had come into this alley over here. Currently, looking over the top of this rooftop, is this wyvern and its rider. (imitates derpy noise) It's fine. That's going to be-- 25 to 20? 20. All right, 20 to 15? 18, let's see. Vex. 15 to ten? Ten to five? (laughs) Okay. Plus? So you would be-- actually, technically, Keyleth, is next to you. Aw, sorry buddy. It happens to the best of us. All righty. So. Currently with this guy up on top of the rooftop, Percy, you are first. Just sitting on the roof, perched on the edge. You can't even actually see him, everyone else who's near the front can see, the few that made the check. You've got a little bit of movement up there, but you're just out of view with the building-- you're right in an alleyway. Aside from a well-placed acrobatics check. You could try. Most likely. I'd say it's about anywhere from 16 to 20 feet tall. It's two-story, but it's not extremely well-built. Pushing to these guys? Okay, so one-- You can get to about there if you want to. You can see, yeah. He'll have half-cover from there. For the wyvern, or for the rider? You can try. It's hard-pressed, he's sturdy on the side, knocking him prone might fall over onto the rooftop. Who knows if it'll slide or not. It's your call. What do you want to try? Okay! Okay. Okay. So (whoosh) you whip out. That'll hit. Okay. Well, this is the wing or leg shot, right? Yeah, new sheet on that one. Updated that. Okay. That's a natural 19 plus four for strength, so that's a 23 on the save. Still takes damage though, go ahead and roll. 14 points of damage, nice. All right. Go for it. The same shot? Misfire. So, first shot of Bad News, (explosion noise) echoes, the sound of the blast rippling through the nearby alleyways, the blast hits the wyvern in part of its arm, sending a spray of blood as it shrieks in pain. As you can see its rider is moved to the side, and you see a second head behind the rider from the reaction of movement. Looks like there's actually two of these creatures riding on the back of this creature. As you go to reload, bring Bad News up again to fire a second time, you pull the trigger and there's a (thump) sound, and you can see now a stream of smoke pouring out the back of the gun itself, and you're a little worried what this is going to do if you don't fix it soon. Next turn? That's your movement, that's your three attacks, do you have a bonus? Anything? Go for it. Go ahead and make your tinker check. So you spend your action quickly trying to fix the gun and get Bad News back. You manage to clear the barrel, get the pellet out, as the rest of the team starts coming up with their turns. That'll be the rest of your action. Okay, finishes Percy's turn. Grog, you're up. Okay, okay, good to know. Let's see here. It appears that my-- Taliesin, could you do me a favor and hand me that box next to the fridge there? Thank you. All right, so Grog, as you're doing that, the blasting sound of Bad News that echoed through, you all of a sudden start hearing other shrieks in the distance, like a call to arms of a number of other entities. As you see a multitude of other winged creatures begin to arise in the distance. You're a ways. Probably a good 25-minute run. There's another one on the roof over here. And there's one on this roof here. Each one of them with their own riders, as well. Now. All right, so for this turn, this one leaps off and swoops down here to where Percy is while both of its riders leap off to the side. One that leaps off and rushes over to Scanlan on the ground, and this other one that gets right up next to Percy. This one goes flying forward and lands in the center to about there. Two of its riders leap off. This one stays up in the air over this way in a flanking position-- or in a visual perspective with two of its riders on its back. Put them there. This is them now entering the fray. Yeah. Well, this is the initiative I rolled for them after being called by the guy who was already shouting out into the air. You didn't see them before, given your perspective. These guys leap off over here-- over there. Okay. So we have, first the wyvern that swooped down on you, Percy, is going to go ahead and make an attack with its bite and an attack with its stinger as a multiattack. So that first strike, that is going to be a-- The bite, 13? The stinger, however, is a 19. Yeah. So that will miss. So that uses the Amulet. Good to know. So the stinger goes to strike you after the bite misses, and as you grasp your chest, you can see now an arcane barrier shines in front of you and completely ricochets the stinger out into the air to the side as it reacts angrily. The other giant humanoid lizard creature that's coming towards you with a giant heavy club is going to attempt to slam you with it. Twice. Well, it's going to attack you with its club, that's going to be a 17. And then it's going to try and slam you with a spike shield. That is 15. So that guy starts swinging at you loosely. All right. Attacking you, Scanlan. The one that's on the ground there. All right. So it has two attacks against you with advantage. Because you're prone. You're on the ground. That'll be a 24 to hit. And the spike shield is going to be a 24 again, actually. So as you're on the ground, it slams you with a shield for 12 points of bludgeoning damage. The shield slams you for eight points of piercing damage. So a total of 20 points of damage as (whack) slams you into the ground twice. It was until he rolled a 15 stealth. Those wyverns are too far away for combat. The other guys are just assisting the scenario here. Okay. There's one fellow over here that is a bit far away who steps off. Instead of holding the same clubs and shields or other various hack weapons, he's carrying a gnarled staff. Steps forward and sees the weapon that you fired twice and had been fixing, this large metallic dangerous entity, looks forward and begins hissing under his breath (hissing gibberish). You do. Though you are being slammed on the ground. I'd say make a perception check, actually, to see if you see this. Because you are currently-- Yes, actually, I will say you do see this. Okay! He is, actually-- That's a second-level spell, it is dispelled immediately. As he'd attempted to Heat Metal on your weapon, you can see as the metal begins to glow for a moment and you could feel the heat welling in your hand, all of a sudden the spell (crack) is shattered, like the sound of thin glass in the distance as Scanlan shouts to intercept its arcane ability. That is going to end their opening turn. That brings us down to the initiative order. Vex, you're up. Oh, right, Grog, you're holding your action first. I'll say sure. Usually, going forward, if you hold your action, that's just your action, not your movement, you still move to the situation, but I'll let it stand for this, it's fine. Yeah. So you're going to tear down to this guy there? Go for it. Still maintaining your bonuses from last game, by the way. You haven't taken a short rest yet. 26 hits. 14 does not hit. This is the Great Weapon Master? Did you rage? Do you want to rage as part of your bonus action to this? Okay. Figures. All right, so as your bonus action you go into a rage before you strike. Go for it. 22 damage. All right. The second strike missed. 22. So you rush forward, slam the sword into the side of the lizard creature. It puts its shield up and it manages to block most of the blow, but it still slides off and slams into part of its neck area. It shoves the blade out. However, it fails its save. Take a strength point off of it and add that to what you have now. What's your strength currently? So it goes up another plus one to attack and damage. If it became 22, it does. All right. Grog, that ends your turn. Vex, you're up. You can try to move through. You might get an attack of opportunity from the guy that's attacking Grog. It's about 16, 20 feet. You could try to. Go for it. With that, you look over and see the rooftop up there. You leap off each side, Ninja Gaiden-style. Hop onto the rooftop with a solid view of the entire battlefield before you, including the one flying creature up there. All righty. Okay, so it's a 60-foot cone. Right there? You will hit Scanlan, as well. All right, so go ahead and roll for that. Yeah, roll 3d8 damage. Yeah! Okay, so does he make his save? He does not. Yes, you do. This would be a dexterity saving throw. You take 16 points of damage from that. That's a fail, and a success. So 16. The wyvern makes that, so half that for eight. He fails. All right, cool. Got it. So as you go forward, leaping up on top, you mark the one guy, turn around, and release a torrent of arrows that sprays into the center of this open pathway of the city. I believe that ends your turn. All right, that brings us to Scanlan. Yep. It's half your movement. Not unless you move away from him. These two are the only two that are still on their beasts. Yeah, they have these ramshackle-- you can see now with a closer look, these leather kind of saddles? But they're mostly thrown leathers that are strapped to its back, and there's two of them holding onto these knobs in front to stay on. There's Dominate Person and Dominate Monster. They're two different things. Okay. The rider's screeching down while it's holding on, and all of a sudden it shakes its head for a minute and looks down at you, eyes connected, and you know that this entity is waiting for its command. You can give it a basic command and it will follow it through, unless you wanted to directly control it. Okay. All right, good to know. And do you want to stay where you are? Do you want to move? (laughs) All right, take your d10 inspiration die. All right. That's Scanlan's turn. Vax, you're up. Grog is against a lizard-like creature-- No. That's a little bit away. But Percy is next to it. Correct, yes. The magic user's over here, that's been Hunter's Marked. Did you use them during the battle against the looters? On this side there, you mean? Because right now you're being blocked, you can't quite get to the wyvern unless you move around the building that you left. You only get one sneak attack damage per turn. Once per turn. Go for it! So first strike against it, as you (whoosh) whip around the side of the building, blades out-- That hits! Yep. If you have both blades out, you get a third attack too, don't forget. Okay! So the sneak attack against the wyvern, first strike. All right. All righty. So, as you rush around, you stab the wyvern on the back of its haunches and you see it shrieks in pain (screeches), looks over its shoulder and starts biting its tail, its stinger swinging about, but you avoid it, fling the other dagger to the side and then jam the other side of its haunches with your other hand. It's definitely aware of your presence now. Nope! All right. Okay. It's going to swing at you with disadvantage. That's a two on the first roll, so yeah. That misses you. (whoosh) Its stinger swings out towards you and you duck underneath, it slams to the side of the building, breaking part of the wood, you can see splinters fly out to the middle of the road. That ends your turn? All right. Keyleth, you're up. Roughly-- I'd say about 60, 65 feet. Okay. Yeah, all the other wyverns have landed and let their riders off on the sides. This one? Okay. What's the save on that? That is a seven! And with that-- (laughs) The wyvern-- (laughs) Twice now-- The bane of wyverns everyone-- (swoop, chicken noise). As both the riders tumble off, slamming into the ground (sound of impact). That would be-- Okay, ten points of damage to the wyvern, which kills the chicken form entirely. It turns back to a wyvern on the ground, taking the excess three damage. What? The riders fall also, they both take an additional 14 points of damage to each of them from the fall. Let's see if it takes damage and makes a new saving throw against the spell. Does not make it, so it is still Dominated. But they are all-- all three of them are considered prone for now. They are all knocked prone. All right, ends Keyleth's turn. At the top, Percy, you're up. You're right here, you're blocked in between the two buildings, the mouth of the alleyway, with a wyvern and lizard creature right there, standing before you. This up close and personal, they are humanoid in build, they have, you know, stand up upright, they have long tails, ridges across the head, they're bigger than an actual human and they're very muscular, and the more you look at it, you can see that their clothing, they have tattered cloth and leathers that have been haphazardly dyed in blood and gore to all be a very, very deep red color. And they're pretty uniform across what they are wearing. All right, go for it. 21 hits. For what? You've already hexed today. You used it in the battle versus the looters. Nope! Yes. Wyverns, however-- All righty. Go for it. 14 hits. They're sacks of hit points, but they don't have lot of armor to them. Nice! 26 twice in a row. So with this you pull the sword out, as soon as you see it in the proximity of the wyvern, the blade itself almost seems to shimmer with this gleam of green on it, like the metal almost seems to bend and wave with your movements. And as you turn back around to slash at the wyvern, the blade cuts through it like butter, there's not even resistance, it goes right through its flesh. With each slash of the longsword, you can see large chunks of its muscle coming visible as parts of its body are now being pulled from the muscle and sinew. It shrieks in pain, you can see it angrily now starting to get ready to rake at you pretty heavily. That end your turn? All righty. Grog, you're up. Okay! (laughs) Go for it. Roll your first attack against him. Roll damage on that. 25? He fails his save, so you get another plus one to your strength, and that swing just cleaves it in two. It goes (whoosh) right through its midsection, it (gurgles). It tumbles off, falling to the ground. You can move in now with your movement and do your next attack, if you'd like. Go for it, all right, so now you get your next attack. Go ahead and roll damage. It's double your first dice roll-- So 18. So 29, plus two additional die rolls. Okay. So we're at-- MATT, TRAVIS AND And then one more? Because you roll 2d-- it's twice, because of Brutal Critical. Well, plus ten for your-- you already added that for your-- No, it's just the additional 2d6 each time. So yeah, with that you turn around after hacking its friend, leaping forward (grunts), foam at the corner of your mouth, your eyes bloodshot and angry. You take the blade and sweep it down, and it plunges itself right into the wound that Percy had left open with his sword swing, finding no resistance before it comes all the way to the hilt in the body of the wyvern, which shrieks for a moment (screeches) before its breath stops and its body falls limp. Does make its save, though. As a bonus action! For the record, going forward, if you're frenzied raging it doesn't really give you a benefit, but if you're not, it does help. So in theory, you could if you wanted to try and chuck it. What are you going to do, Grog? Ends Grog's turn. All right. Now these guys both get up, currently no longer on the wyvern. Did you want to give it another kind of a thought, if you see it land? Okay. This guy gets up on the wyvern, grabs its reins, pulls it forward, and jams it with its spear as it leads it inward. It runs forward and is going to take a swing-- It's going to take a swing with its stinger at the one behind it. It's confused and figuring out what's-- why is it doing this, it's more of like-- this might work once. That is going to be a-- 17, it hits! That's going to be 11 points of damage, does it make its save? It does not make its save, that's an additional 24 points of poison damage on that one. So that's 35 points of damage, one wyvern to another. (laughs) As this guy immediately whips around angrily. Both of these guys go charging forward here. It's going to pull up its javelin and chuck it at you, Vex. Yeah. That is going to miss you at a 12. It (swoosh) throws, the javelin arcs past you. This one over here is going to come forward and it's going to take a javelin as well out and chuck it right at you, Grog. That is a 20 to hit. You take ten points of piercing damage, reduced to five, as you basically (impact)-- (laughs) Snap it off and grin in its face. (laughs) --now it sees the danger that you're in, looks at you, sees you hack through the center of one of the wyverns, intensely looks at you and begins casting another spell. Like it is wont to do. All right. So, Craven Edge, as you're holding it, all of a sudden the handle becomes white hot and you immediately take six points of fire damage just holding it. Fire's biting through. Three attacks against you, Scanlan. Currently two of which are flanking you, so they're going to have advantage on the attacks. So that's a natural 20 on one of them. This guy is-- 18. That hits. And then this guy here without the advantage-- still hits with a 17. Okay. Okay, go ahead and roll a d10. Okay! So he rolled a 17 plus seven, that would've been a 24, that brings him to 15, which I believe misses you. So the last strike, as he swings towards you, the shrilling tones, it causes him to reach up and grab one of his lizard-like ear holes and (snarling) the swing goes wildly over your head. However, as you duck down, you look up as you see the shadow come down of two large clubs that (boom boom) over the head of your tiny gnomish form. That's going to be-- (groans) Oh, and they also get bites after this, too. All right, so you take 12, which would double to 24-- Oh, no, sorry, 12-- 20 points of bludgeoning damage from one. You take 12 points of damage from the other. So 32 points of damage total. And they're both going to attempt to bite you as well, with advantage. That is a 20 on the first one. That's to hit. And that one's going to -- double 19, so they both hit. So you take another 20 points of damage total of piercing damage as they both start tearing into your body. I need you to make a bunch of concentration checks here. To maintain control over it, yeah. Yeah, so just roll two at a time. Two d20s. Adding your constitution modifier to it. 12, that'll work, because none of them-- only one of them did 20 damage and it's minimum of ten, so as long as you get above a ten with each one, you're fine. Yeah. Okay. Another one. Another one. You have advantage on these. Nine. Nope. With that, you lose your concentration on the Domination spell. As that fades-- So that ends their turn. Vex, you're up. You see Scanlan being tossed around on the ground, and then you see streaks of blood in the air as one of them tears a big chunk out of his shoulder. He looks up at you briefly, his eyes half-open. Sky Sentinel, I believe, did you use that last battle? I'm pretty sure you did. Okay. Do you want to say the most wounded of them? That would be-- The least wounded would be this one. All right! Okay. Right there and there? So Blazing Bowstring, and then regular. Go for it. 18 hits. 25 damage? That's just enough. Say goodbye to him. That sneak attack was just what you needed, that was the last bit of damage. Another 18? That hits. Can only sneak attack once per turn. 16 damage, okay. So this arrow-- The first one hits it in the neck and he gurgles and falls to the ground and bleeds out on the floor next to Scanlan. The other one, the arrow strikes it in the middle of its shoulderblades and it arcs up in pain, but it's still standing. Though it's having to really move around with much pain in its face. That end your turn? You going to stay up there? Staying up on the rooftop, sniping down. Good call. That brings us to Scanlan! Thunderwave at third level, all righty. (laughs) Okay, so that is 4d8 thunder damage to all the ones on a failed save. So, their constitution saves here. Is this through a hand cone? Figured-- both fail! It's 4d8 thunder damage. They are pushed ten feet away from you. Yes. This pushed this way. This pushed that way. 17 points of damage to each. Okay! They're blasted backward, barely catching themselves on their feet. And from the impact, you can see what little bit of red-colored leather armor they have on is tattered and destroyed. You can see blood pouring out of the sides of their earholes where the thunderous blast possibly burst their eardrums. And they're both like, shaking their head. All right. (laughing) Okay. Yeah. (laughing) Okay. All right! So that is 4d4 plus five healing to yourself. 19. So you heal yourself 19 hit points. That ends your turn. Up next, Vax. Acrobatics check. Yeah. You parkour up the side, land on top of the rooftop. Leap across and you're now at the edge. That's Percy right there. It's a bad guy, bad guy. Bad guy, bad guy, bad guy. That hits, roll damage. Nine damage? (grunt) You shank him in the side and he tumbles over. (cheering) It's an action to grapple someone who would be against it, are you letting him grapple you? I'll say for the sake of the-- Yeah, it's fine, because he wants to. You rush forward, you grab him, and you're dragging him back this way? Okay. I'll say that's about as far as you get because you have a bit of movement taken away, even though you are hasted, because he's not too heavy, but he's still a gnome. Three-- well, they're ten foot by ten foot, which is about this size. Right, so it's one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. You can get all of them there. What's the DC on this? Right, right, but what's your DC on it? Fail, fail, fail, they're not very dextrous. Fail, fail, fail-- Fail! They all fail. (cheering) The ground bursts open, rocks being torn asunder as giant columns of flame-- boof, boof, boof, boof, boof-- out of the ground, completely engulfing each one of them in this sudden conflagration of red and orange and yellow flames and molten magma. Each one of the lizardfolk-type creatures in the flames, you see them shriek for a second before their forms are turned to ash in these blasts of fire, each sub-woofer-like, guttural impact as the ground cracks open like (explosion noise) scatter amongst-- Yeah, each one of the wyverns themselves, you can see the flames emerge around them, and as it recedes they have burn scars and their flesh is cracked and peeled against the fire wounds that now tear across the front of their body. They're all looking fairly hurt by that. All right, end of your turn. Percy, you're up. So you can go here. Okay. So first shot against them? 19 hits. Go ahead and roll damage on him. (explosion noise) You take his head right off as you walk by, without even looking. (explosion noise, pained squawk) And you can see the lower jaw gets blown off and it falls to the back on the ground. Right there? Go for it. Two shots on the wyvern. All right. 16 hits. All righty. This one (explosion noise) the bullet hits inside of its body, you can see a little (splurting noise) of blood squirt out-- (heavy walking noises) That's the rest of it there. Okay. That's your turn. Grog, you're up. Getting in the middle of the fray? Against them both? There you go! Grog charges, and they're both-- There you go! 24 on the more wounded one? All right, that hits him. If you want to. Hits, so roll damage on each. They're both Great Weapon Master? Okay, 32 damage? First one, you carve through him with the blade (whump). Makes his save. 31 damage? Okay. This one you (whoosh) streak across with Craven Edge. Makes its save. You leave a large wound across the front of its jaw and it (choking noise). However, you did kill one, so you do get to use your bonus action for an attack because of your Great Weapon Master feat. Yes. With the minus five? Hits, yeah, you're good. 32. This time (whoosh) you swipe through the second time with the blade, this time carving off part of its wing, and you see that one of the wings is half-curled and keeping up to the side, it's hobbling around its legs, looking like it's on death's door, but still keeping itself. All right, is that the end of your turn? All right, (wyvern noise) in there, and this one stays there and is going to unleash upon you, Grog. It's going to bite and tail attack against each of you with the stinger against you, Grog. That is a 21 to hit? And natural 20 on the stinger, okay. That does help, actually, so it'll just do regular poison damage against you. So you take 11 points of piercing damage, reduced to six from the bite. And the stinger deals-- That's 12 points of piercing damage, reduced to six as well. The stinger, however, I need you to make a constitution saving throw. That's a failure. Actually, it would have been an additional 12, because it was a critical hit on the pierce, so you take 12-- so a total of 18 damage so far, and then, as part of the poison, you take 48 points of poison damage. Because you have resistance, that is reduced to 24. All right, you have poison resistance from the belt, right? Yes. All right, so there you go. The other one coming up against you, Percy, strikes with its bite. That is going to be a 20-- 16? 16 misses. That is going to be a 22 for the stinger. Okay, stinger hits you for six plus four, ten points of piercing damage. I need you to make a constitution saving throw. 20, you succeed. No poison. Piercing damage. Correct. All right, it's looking rough on both their ends. They're just fighting to the end at this point. All right, that ends their turn. Vex, you're up. Moving it over? All right. Okay. 16-- does hit, yeah. Don't have a whole lot of armor. They just got a lot of hit points. 18. So Grog, as you're thrashing about with the blade at this creature, eager to get that final hit, you reach back with Craven Edge before an arrow (impact) into its face and it (burble, thump) collapses to the ground. All right. 28 hits, go ahead and roll damage with the extra d6 for Hunter's Mark. Gotcha. 17 points of damage. second you (whoosh) pull out the second arrow, (whoosh) release it and it strikes the side of its body, and (pained squawk) it still seems to be standing. It hurt it, but didn't leave it in any dire straits yet. That ends your turn, are you staying where you are? Okay, Scanlan, you're up. Okay. So leaping off, make an acrobatics check. 24-- Scanlan, at the start of your turn, as you're getting ready, all of a sudden (impact) in front of you, spooking you momentarily, you see Vex lands on her feet and looks down at you with a look of concern and wanting to make sure you're okay. Okay, using how many-- Oof! All righty. So go ahead and roll proper damage on that. This would be Magic Missile, cast at level six, technically, I'm pretty sure-- So it would be-- it would be 6d6 plus six. Oh, I'm sorry. 6d4 plus six. Bleah. Hey. 18? Okay. The missiles (impact noises) slamming into the side, arcing off and swirling around Percy to hit it, anime-missile-streak style, hitting it from all sides, you can see chunks of its body being blown off from the force of the arcane casting. It still stands, though it is dripping from multiple wounds and is having a hard time. Ending your turn, Scanlan? Go for it, take your d4 plus five. You're up. Go for it. 20 hits. Hits. Hits. This is Sneak Attack. Percy is in melee range with it. How do you want to do this? (cheering) As you step forward, your first dagger, you pull it out and aim it and over-the-hand toss it as it rears back, ready to bring its fangs out to sink down into Percy, the dagger vanishes into its throat, and you see its face go lax for a second. (wet coughs) It begins trying to cough, and as it does, you can see bits of blood and gore from its throat being hawked across the ground. It takes a few steps. Percy steps out of the way as it heads towards you before it rears back and (choking, thump) and collapses onto the ground. You can see the blade still sticking out the back of its head, towards the back of its throat, before it appears at the side of your belt. Okay. It's going to take you a while to do it. Okay. It still looks like someone emptied a bunch of fireplace ash pits into the center of the walkway where there once were lizardfolk. Low fog sound as Scanlan blows the horn. Fog fills the vicinity and you guys begin tossing Dust of Tracelessness around-- All right, you guys pretty quickly manage to move what you can out of the way, we'll say over the next few minutes the fog is there. Under that cover, you begin to drag the wyvern bodies into the alleyway, into the shadows. If you want to go ahead and make some checks here to go ahead and see if you can harvest. I would say, given the circumstance, all it would do would offer her advantage, which she already has, so it wouldn't make much difference. So the first one, it's been a little too damaged in battle and you aren't able to really draw any poison from the stinger for the first one-- what's the second one? 15's what you needed. You manage to extract just enough of the wyvern stinger poison for possibly a single dose, so you can mark down a dose of wyvern poison. Okay, so that's a second dose of wyvern poison. All right, so you have three doses of wyvern poison that you've managed to harvest from these creatures; you guys can distribute as you see fit. They don't carry much gold, and what they have, you envision, probably went to the entity that rules Emon. And as you're looking over the bodies of the few of the lizard men here, you see they didn't just wander their way in here. And you remember mention from Allura before that there were lizardfolk worshipers of Thordak years ago. Apparently, once the city's been taken, Thordak has, or at least the worshipers of Thordak are also moving in. So, taking this time to harvest poisons, looking over the bodies, you can see the consistency between their red, crimson-dyed leather materials, and you get the sensation that while this was a small skirmish group, this is probably the new policing state of Emon. So. With that, we'll take a quick break for the restroom. We'll pick up here in just a few minutes, guys, if you want to hang tight. And we'll see you here shortly. Jumping back in-- As the party re-gathers themselves after the battle with these lizardfolk and the wyverns in the center of the city of Emon, you slowly make your way back through the streets towards the north, passing through Abdar's Promenade, finding the building that was previously brought to your attention thanks to Garthok. So you guys find the building that was brought to your attention; you head down into the same cellar, keeping tabs on the external trap that was brought to your attention by Garthok last time. You make your way inside. There's the same barrel in the far corner; you pull the top off and there, indeed, is a ladder that leads down underground. Okay. Looking at the barrel, there are no traps currently set, and it's not locked. The only traps were on the outside of the cellar, from what you knew previously, and as that mechanism had already been shown to you by Garthok, so that was easily disabled. Okay. So while you guys are taking a rest-- You drop down the ladder. As you head down what probably comes to about 15, 20 or so feet into pitch black-- it's completely dark down there. Do you have any light source, or do you want to-- Okay, so you pull the Flame Tongue Dagger. It puts out a very, very low candlelight, opens up the vicinity to you as your feet splash down into very, very shallow, a couple inches, shallow water. Looking around you, you are in a subterranean sewer system. The smell hits you as you hit the bottom of it. This is the entire underbelly of Emon, and there is the slight sound of trickling water that's rushing through this tunnel you're currently standing in. The ladder drops close to about a foot above the floor before it comes to a complete stop. Looking to your right, it descends a little further down on that side, and you can hear-- make a perception check. Okay. To the right of you, what should be the eastern tunnel, you can hear the sound of trickling water growing louder; it's almost like this stream meets another. As you listen to the left, and the stench is pretty rough in this part, to the left you can see in the tunnel is a very, very faint dim, yellow light that is shifting ever so slightly in the distance as it curves around out of view. It is level to where you are now, actually, slight incline for a little bit. You splash down into the sewer system. So as you finish your short rest, you all progressively find your way down the ladder and to the subterranean sewer system. The choice is to travel to the east or western side of the tunnel. A fancy, fancy moustache that you cannot wipe off your face! I will give you a d6 inspiration dice for that. Her. In the time it takes for you to take the Hat of Disguise and go ahead and attune to that, you guys are now prepared. What path would you like to take? Well, you have the sound of water rushing to the right, in the darkness, and you have the sound, or, yeah, the view of slight moving light to the left. The water is trickling downward; the water continues sloping downward this way. The opposite direction is where the light is. The little bit of light you see in the distance. So you guys head-- left, or-- Make a perception check. You know what, yes, you can. Looking along the walls, you start heading in that direction, you do see a few markings that basically say 'sanctuary' in Thieves' Cant, in the direction of the light. You guys continue onward? Yes. (clears throat) So, you guys continue forward up that tunnel. Eventually, as it curves around, the light-- you can see-- it's shifting, because it appears to be a distant fire light that is the source in this vicinity, and as you turn the corner, as the tunnel slowly curves around, it opens up into a large central sewer chamber, though most of it is dry, and you can see there is a large mound of dirt in the center that seems to rise above most of the water that has collected along the ceiling, and there are a series of platforms constructed out of wooden scaffolding at different levels all throughout this chamber. Some of it looks a little rickety, some of it looks very old, but various states of moisture rot. (offscreen sneeze) As you look and see a series of small bonfires throughout the room that are currently lit and surrounded by figures. You see a ramshackle tent city, and/or a series of small, wooden hovels that have constructed here. You see a number of figures that are huddled around these bonfires cloaks, hoods up, generally keeping warm in what is a relatively cold, subterranean area. You guys, glancing over here, as you're first looking, and you can see a few of them appear to be laid up and hurt, and there appear to be at least a few individuals that are heavily bandaged or have slings on. As you guys step into the room, not being very stealthy in your arrival-- Okay. A few of them stand up, hands on the side of their hilt, and stop there for a second before one individual steps out of the shadows and puts his hand up, putting it down. You recognize this to be Garthok. He says, "Don't worry, they're with me. I'm glad you made it. It had been a while. I was "afraid maybe you wouldn't come." "It sounds like it. I'm sorry to hear it." Human, yes. He has a red-tinted monocle over one eye. As he steps forward, the rest of the Clasp put their hands off to the side of their weapons. He pushes aside Garthok to the rest of you and says "So, you are the ones called Vox Machina, am "I correct in this assumption?" "Hmm! Trusted of Uriel, executors of Modeth the Traitor. One among you is a member as well, "I'm told." "Then you are welcome here. I am Spireling Shenn--" "Master of networks and information--" SAM and "--of the Clasp of Emon. Excuse the mess, we lost a portion of our territory and are currently "caught in mid-adaptation. So, what can I do for you?" "And you know who I am, now." "Uriel is no longer with us. You are a hand to nothing." (chuckles) "No, that does not do any of us any good. Business has ground to a halt, and we've "lost a few good patrons in this unfortunate circumstance. We lost our entire northern tunnel "structure as soon as the creature attacked the Cloudtop District." "Safer." "Hmm." "Well, we're seeing to our own. We're going to see how many of our allies still lie within the "city. Going to reach out to our friends across Tal'Dorei and see how much of a network we still "stand to keep. Then we call in a few debts, reach out to some friends and, ah, we see if we can find "some way to supplant this red thing." Go for it. "Well, for now, I have a number of operatives topside who are currently trying to get "as much information on the red one as possible. The piles of wealth are growing, and it looks like "the beast is building a damn home out of the district." "Oh, I am aware, and we are preparing for that. However, it's still fairly fresh, and "individuals aren't willing to release any coin when all of it goes to the pouches of the thing "that sits on us. Word has gotten back that Westruun was also hit rather hard in the night. "And these creatures have continued eastward ever since-- no further word on their whereabouts. So "we're put in a reactionary position, which I loathe. We're used to being ahead of the rest of "the curve." "It would appear that could be a possibility." "That seems like a fairly top-heavy trade in our direction, if you ask me. There are many ways "to get people out of our way." "I would love to hear it." "Hmm. How is this keep accessed?" "Hmm. Let's say we do this, let's say we go forward with this alliance. You get out of our "way, you promise resources from Whitestone, perhaps? They have quite a few unique "contributions they could make. The Slayer's Take-- I have not had many dealings across the Ozmit Sea, "but are you referring to, ah, Vasselheim?" "Now, that is a tough nut to crack, that city. If you're connected in Vasselheim, perhaps "we can talk." "There's no guarantees we'll be able to provide food or medicine-- it's dangerous times, "my dear." "Of course." "All the real power lies in the underbelly, my friend. I have a proposition for you, then. We "will do this. We have many channels and secret tunnels throughout the city, and we could very "easily deliver food, medicine, shelter, even, to the wired and poor and downtrodden folk of this "town, be the subterranean heroes of Emon. Out of the goodness of our hearts, of course. However, "once this creature is toppled, and the city is brought toward, I gather you would have the ear "of whoever comes to power in this city." "That is helpful. And I imagine you also have some presumably powerful connections in "Vasselheim. We would be interested in beginning a sect of our fair trade in that distant, all-too-- "how do I put it? Xenophobic cityscape?" "If you agree to be our seed in that stubborn garden of a town, you have our aid." "My patience grows thin." He adjusts the monocle on his eye. Make a perception check. When'd you get that inspiration die? It would've faded by now, unfortunately. 33? You're far away from the crowd. However, Spireling Shenn has been very concentrated in shifting his attention from each person that is currently speaking in this conversation. "Yes, hmm." "All I'm asking is an introduction to a handful of key figures in the city, no more than that." "You act like that hasn't been our treatment for the entirety of this city's existence. You "think your council didn't have dealings with the Clasp for many years before this happened?" "We helped make this city function. All we're offering is this service to other places "that maybe don't have the right guidance to achieve their true greatness. All I ask is an "introduction. Beyond these other. Far after the fact; don't even need to worry about it now. Who's "to say what changes from now to then?" "We don't have to worry about that now. Just a simple handshake, and it's all done." "If this is an issue of morality, I would like to remind you that, one, we've let you escape "after murdering one of our leaders, only upon learning that he himself was an immoral "individual." "Also, we went against our word as an organization by letting you take a war criminal "that had already paid his way out of the city." "It was business, but business that was persuaded by the actions of good people, and "bringing justice. We want society to thrive." "So. Not wasting any more time, shall we make this a fine, healthy city once again?" "Oh. I would only hope that would be the case. I wouldn't be caught dead dealing with such "a selfish entity." "I have things to do." "I haven't all day. My arm grows weary with impatience." "Very well. Unfortunate as it is. Step forward." No, this is him asking you to step forward. He steps really close to you, and he takes you by the shoulders and turns you around to face away from him. Do you resist? Okay. Make an acrobatics check. 28. You tumble away from his grasp, and he (grunts). "Very well. I know your face now, at "least. And the rest of the Clasp will know you are a false member, now. You are not welcome in these "tunnels ever again, and if we see your face amongst our kind, it will be our word that you are "to be taken on sight. It's a shame you've marked yourselves our enemy this day. I wish it wasn't "this way. But to step up and confront us with such disrespect for all the patience we've shown you in "previous years is just-- it irks me. Stinks of a lack of civilization. So please be on your way. "We'll do as we do. You do as you. Now be gone." And he turns around, flicks his cloak, and steps back into the group. The rest of them keep their hands on their belts and wait for you to leave. Garthok actually gives you a very stern look and pulls his blade an inch from the side of his scabbard. At which point, you can see 25 more Clasp members step out. Even wounded ones as they are, all stepping up and gathering. There are now 35 to 40 of them starting to form out of the shadows, forming a semicircle around you entirely. The Spireling's not even in view at this point. He's disappeared amongst the rest of them. Possibly. As you guys exit and find your way back up to the surface, as the last of you makes it outside of the entranceway, you immediately start hearing this slamming and breaking of stone from underneath you, and you gather pretty rapidly that this entrance is being entirely removed for possible entry. (sizzling noise) Searing white pain through the back of your eyes, Vax, as Keyleth presses her palm into the center of your shoulder blades. You can hear the sizzling and cracking of skin, and smell the burning of Vax's flesh in the air in this cellar. Make a constitution check. Seven. You break through the arrow with your grip, and actually give out a very loud, painful scream out of reaction. Kind of. A moment passes. Keyleth, you pull your hand back, and where the Clasp symbol once was, there is a hand mark burned into the back of the shoulders. What would you guys like to do? Cure Wounds? What it does is prevents infection. It does heal you for the hit points you would have lost for that. I'll say it nullifies the damage you would have taken from the burn mark. It does not alleviate you from the scarring. It's not as graphic as it would have been, had it been left to heal on its own, but it does muddle the Clasp symbol somewhat. As you guys are heading back, I need stealth checks from everybody. All right. You guys push southward through the city, finding your way. At this point, the sun has set. Night has come in, and occasionally you hear the flapping of leathery wings overhead as a number of sentry groups of wyvern riders go tearing through the city. At one point, you hear a similar (raspy cry) sound, and you hear other ones begin rising up off the rooftops, heading in your direction, Keyleth. What do you guys do? Okay. Make a new stealth check with disadvantage. (chuckles) It's a natural one on their end. As long as you didn't roll a natural one. So, at that point, they (whoosh), one swoops down and lands on the edge of the roof, and you see it curling down. And takes off again, and they continue on, out of the way. You wait a few moments before silence takes the night once more, and you press on heading southward. (laughter) Yes. And as you return to the keep, Pike has been taking care of the rest of the individuals, and she's been seeing to Gilmore's side. Gilmore is fast asleep, dealing with the tail end of a fever that has broken, after the healing from the day before. Earlier in the day, I should say. It also appears that Salda and the children have been in and out, keeping an eye as well. Pike, as you enter, looks up to you with a smile, and says, "He'll be all right. He's going to pull through." "I should probably stay with him for a bit. Make sure he's okay." He is asleep, currently, yeah. "He's been conscious throughout the day while you were gone, "but he's got to rest a bit more. He's still had a rough few days." I just need headphones, and to brush against the mic occasionally. Especially during really really impactful story moments. So you guys find yourselves resting for the evening. You take to a night's sleep. Yeah, you got to sleep. If you don't sleep you're going to start getting levels of exhaustion for the next day. All right. So you lose the strength bonus. Everyone, you can get half of your hit dice back. Keyleth. Okay. So, we-- Jump forward to the next morning-- So, next morning, you all wake up; full hit points, get back half of your max hit dice that you spent. All your spells back. Okay. All right, so. What's the plan? All right. What's the plan? All right. We'll say for the sake of brevity, you speak with the rest of the keep's staff, including the guards as well. Jarett for the most part is like, "As long as I'm still getting paid, we're more "than happy to go where you need us to be. If it's further away from dragons, I am okay with that." Okay, so you gather your materials, you prepare at the tree in the center of the keep, you say your goodbyes-- You've used it at the temple of Sarenrae-- Just a straight-up poo? Okay. Marking your territory. I respect that. All righty. Okay. Okay. Notes are placed. Spell is prepared? Okay. You have your supplies at the ready. You all gather in the center of the temple of Sarenrae. Keyleth? The portal opens outside of the tree, and all of the refugees start rushing through. You guys give chase, following over to the opposite side, where Whitestone waits. You all emerge from the Sun Tree in the center of the familiar town. It is chilly. Not as snow-dappled as it was when you first arrived. A little has melted, and the clouds are a little bit more open; you can see some of the blue sky above you. It's actually a beautiful day, if a bit chilly. As you emerge, you can see there's a few individuals in the center of the town, including a couple of the original refugees that seem to be waiting for the rest to come through. They greet you as soon as you arrive, and rush up and grab a couple of people that they had met at your keep. Some come forward and say, "Thank you. I'm so glad you made it!" They shake your hands. You've arrived back in Whitestone. So, do you guys want to wait here for the day, and then make your way to Vasselheim? There is, but you guys have cleaned it out. They have not had an opportunity to restock. Their main providers have been killed. You approach Cassandra, who is happy to greet you once you return. "Did you have a question?" "Well, the personal effects you all retrieved when they were defeated. What remnants "of income or gold which they'd kept was put in with the rest of the Whitestone treasury when they "took over." "They weren't really specialized in healing, I'm afraid, and what bits of protection they had, "you've already taken. But if gold is what you need, we can probably spare you some." "That can be very easily presented. Oh, here we are!" There's a small chest with a lid that she hands it over to you. Actually, puts it out and your hands are already out. "All right. 2,000 gold "from our coffers. It's not much, but we have to keep the city running." "Of the glass?" "Yes, certainly." "Very well." It takes a few minutes for that to be retrieved from down south of the tomb in the mausoleum, but nevertheless, you get four half-dollar-sized pieces of residuum glass. Four shards of residuum glass. "I hope that's of aid to you. Apology for the confusion. "We have quite a bit of individuals to find homes for, and get them running." "Yes, as you've told me." "I'm thankful that we even have an opportunity to offer aid to somebody. That's "thanks to you, so it's nothing on us." "That's all right. Whatever we can do. Anyway, good luck." Interesting. All right. While the rest of you guys are attempting to rest, I need you to make a tinker tools check. 22. You've affixed it to your boot. We'll see if it works. Okay. So total cost for the materials on that will put you at about 300 gold. All right. You find an evening's rest. The next morning comes uneventfully. You find yourselves refreshed. I'd say at this point, you're all at full hit dice after two nights of rest; you're fine. So, on to Whitestone, Keyleth? LAURA and Sorry. You're in Whitestone. You recall you've seen a number of trees. The largest you've seen in Vasselheim would probably have been on the outskirts of-- Do you want to stop outside the city or within the city, is the question. No arcane magic. Divine magic is a different thing. There's plenty of divine magic within the city. There are no sigils to Vasselheim. Part of their defense process is preventing any secret intrusion in that regard. There's the Abundant Terrace. That's the section that Melora looks over. That is where primarily most of the farming, food-- That's where you know there are a number of orchards and things that are kept in that vicinity. If you wanted to. It's within the city. It's one of the five quarters. I won't say quarters. It's one of the five areas. Quarters. Yeah, unless you want to try and bring him with you. (laughs) You're approaching Gilmore. He goes, "To be perfectly honest, I'm not quite "feeling 100%, and let's just say I'm not a huge fan of the zealot type." "Vasselheim doesn't really jangle my dingles." "This is true." "Well. (sighs) Guess it's not too late to open a new branch of Gilmore's Glorious Goods, "since my other, possibly, two no longer exist. (sighs) I was so close to opening. I started from "nothing! I can do it again. (coughs) Good luck, you all." It's in the actual city. All right. Using this once again off the Sun Tree, you guys step through. As you emerge out the other side, you are in the thick of a heavy orchard in the Abundant Terrace. There is heavy snowfall that has fallen recently here, and where it was cold in Whitestone, it's cold here in Vasselheim. You can see built-up ice and sleet that has recently been pushed off to the sides of the orchard. Even amongst this very cold weather, all of the plant life in this area is vibrant and springtime green. As you all emerge in the center of this orchard, you can see one of the nearby workers who's tilling the land looks over. "Hey! What are you doing here? You're not supposed to be in the "middle of the orchard!" (groans) "Fucking Slayer's Take. Do whatever the fuck they want." He drinks out of his canteen. "Fine! Just get out." "Manticore?" (weakly) "Thanks." He starts looking nervously over his shoulders as he goes back to his work. Eventually, you guys step outside of the Terrace, finding your way to the Quadroads, which is the central network that the four main portions of Vasselheim attach to. This is the Erathis-based center of the town. You have before you, to remind you, at the very northern part of the town is the extremely tall, pointed mountain known as Heaven's Stair. Attached to that mountain on one side is the Silver Talon's Reach. That is the main temple to Bahamut. To the left of it, against the mountain, not actually into it, is the Braving Grounds. This is the area that is geared towards Kord, the deity of war, where you had previously had a conversation with the Dawn Master, the Earthbreaker Groon. There's the Platinum Sanctuary in the Silver Talon's Reach, which is where the Highbearer Vord, the Silver-Touched, the high priest of Bahamut is. You also just left the Abundant Terrace, and there is the Quadroads, which is where the Slayer's Take currently is. And there is the Duskmeadow, which is the Raven Queen's domain. Where do you guys want to go? That is where the Amaranthine Oubliette resides, which is the prison of the city. That's the Quadroads, the Erathis, deity of civilization. You guys hit the Slayer's Take first, or where are you heading? LAURA and Okay. You make your way to the outside of the main Slayer's Take guildhall. The dark wood exterior greets you happily. You can see they still have a gathering of various antlers of creatures that are tangled into each other that form this rustic-looking entrance. And there on the front doors, you see emblazoned the Slayer's Take-- for lack of a better term, their symbol with the words of their actual guild spread across it, as you saw before. Opening the front door, you can see within the main foyer area, there is the dark iron chandeliers that run across the entire length of the moot hall, if you will. Across the front area, you find the clerk desk. Sitting behind it, a familiar red-haired, tousled, chin-bearded, scarred-up tiny man with his feet up on the desk, falling asleep in his chair. "What is this craziness? (laughs) Ah! It's been some time." "So. Hello." "What's your business? What are you looking for?" "Other than the fact that you killed one. That is the most recent, but nothing beyond that, "really, no." "Vanessa, she's currently out on a hunt. Should be back in the next day or so." "Well, you're always welcome here. This is your home away from home, so please, take a load "off. Pick a room. It's up to you. It's good to see you all so healthy!" "Yes. So glad to hear." "She's actually currently out with Vanessa on a hunt, as we speak." "Me, too. I was sleeping when you came in. I don't mind if I get back to that." "If it's somebody else's room, they'll let you know, so please, take your time." There's a number of empty rooms. Doesn't look like there's a lot of individuals around. As you walk down one of the hallways, though, you do see there is a card table, and the two individuals in there, you see a very scarred, burly, and frustrated dwarf who's throwing down cards on a table. Black, long series of beards, and his hair over his beard. You see Thorbir is sitting there at the card table with another man wearing really beautiful, ornate armor that is well-polished; very short, dirty blond hair, who is apparently owning him at cards, going, (chuckles) "You've "terrible luck, friend. I'm sorry to hear this." It's Aldor. Thorbir's sitting there, and throws his cards on the table. (scoffs, sighs) "They tell me "I'm supposed to have the luck of the dwarves." (laughter) "Why? Have you seen her?" He reaches forward and grabs your shirt and pulls you in. "Where did you hear that?" "Good. You haven't seen her, have you?" "Good." "I assume. I just run if I see her. She's a bit--" "Good. You know what, actually, if you want to do me a favor. I mean, she's a nice girl, "probably pretty easy if you ask her. Why don't you take her off my hands and go on a date? Take her "out for dinner. Distract her." "Oh. No. I should go." He grabs his stuff and leaves in a huff. Yeah, it's maybe 1000am. It's across the world, so it's technically earlier. It would be 1000, 1030 in Whitestone. About 630, 700 in the morning in Vasselheim. Pike has actually stayed back in Whitestone to help the refugees. No, but she did say that she's going to keep an eye, best she can, through Sarenrae. When she can pop in, she'll try and see if she can project her form, going forward. She's led by her schedule in New York. (laughs) If you'd like to, you could have. Okay. We'll say that she does that. She keeps a gatestone with her, just in case. Trinket's been practicing his stealth. (bear grunts) All right, so you've set up your rooms, your stuff about you. You have a full day before seemingly anyone from the Slayer's Take is going to come back. Where do you want to head? All right. Then we will end it there this evening. I just wanted to get an idea of where you guys were going for next week. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right, so Vax and Scanlan are going with Grog to the Trial Forge. Okay. We'll do some shopping. So you're going to the Raven's Crest. Got it. All right, cool. We'll pick it up next week at that point, guys. Awesome. Well done, guys! Damn. That's horrible. Well, guys. Thank you so much for watching. We'll pick this up next Thursday. Those we'll see tomorrow in Colorado, looking forward to it, and tomorrow, look for my next episode of GM Tips. That'll be fun, and is it Thursday yet?