Welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. For our 99th episode, which is crazy, that's absolute batshit. Makes next week the 100th, which is crazy, even more crazy, and we'll be more crazy. Yeah, that's right. Yeah, intelligence six. Anyway, guys, welcome! We have an awesome guest. Tonight Jon Heder will be joining us-- (cheering) -- at the point in the narrative in which his character will arrive. But, before then, let's go ahead and get to our announcements for the evening. First and foremost, we have a new merch item, I believe. Laura, if you want to introduce it and possibly-- Yes, so anyway, other things. The campaign guide, the Tal'Dorei campaign guide, info is up on the Green Ronin website. If you're looking for it, they have dates of release, price points, and where you can find it and when. So if you go to the Green Ronin website, Google search for Green Ronin, they have a section there for the front page that has all the updates, or you can look at @GreenRoninPub on twitter. They have the updates there as well. I also retweeted it on my twitter so you can find it there. But that should answer your questions. We've gotten a bunch today. Also, tomorrow and Saturday, up in Seattle, the actual folks at Dungeons & Dragons are doing the Stream of Annihilation, in which they're having a bunch of people from the community coming out there to play games together, mix it up, be crazy, and unveil their new story setting which I'm really excited for you guys to find out about. But as part of that, Marisha, Taliesin, Liam, and myself will be going up there and playing some games. I'll be running a game on Saturday morning with the Guts, Girls, Glory group. And that is going to be a lot of fun. So you should come watch. Find the information at the official Dungeons and Dragons twitter, and we'll look forward to seeing you guys over the next couple of days up there as well. Well, cool, awesome! Also, next weekend, not this, but the weekend after that, I'll be at A-Kon June 8-11 in Fort Worth, Texas. Yeah, Travis went to college there. Awesome, thank you, Taliesin. Check out Wednesday Club. And of course we have Talks Machina live on Tuesday next week, about this episode you're gonna see tonight, at 7PM Pacific Time here on Twitch and Alpha, hosted by our fantastic Brian Wayne Foster. Yes, so check it out, then. What you got? No, you didn't. That's really awesome. Happy birthday. Both of you guys after the fact. Yay. All right, then. Unless anyone has anything else? Let's go ahead and dive into tonight's episode of Critical Role. [dramatic music] So you have the broom riders. You have Percival on your broom. You're flying with your wings. And everyone else is on the carpet. Is it a 150-foot cube? That would cover pretty much the sinkhole itself. Do keep in mind the agreement was to cleanse the mine, not just of the creature but of the infestation. Or at least enough to the point where the infestation is no longer an issue. You saw probably close to a hundred. There were a few that you destroyed on the way up, or some that got wrecked. But you probably have somewhere in the neighborhood of I'd say anywhere from 60 to 70 that are now visibly coming up the wall. You can see in the moonlight-- you can see the walls moving. You're not sure. They seem to have been drawn by the sounds and the movement of the combat you had at the bottom of the cavern. It took them long enough for the battle you had to get down there, and now they're skittering back up the wall as you guys, with your torchlight, are making your way up towards the bank You can see a lot of them are still making their way towards the mouth of the cavern. There's probably about 25 or so that are gathered around the outside. Some of them are spreading a little bit out, trying to get towards where you are on the edges of the hole. If you wanted to move towards the top, you might draw them towards the edge. Okay, so the two of you fly over to that side, and you start making Bad News explosion clatter as your gargantuan firearm just (gunshot noises). And you take one or two of them down through repeated shots as their armor cracks and breaks and you hear (dying noises). They watch as you fly above, and you can start see them shooting these jets of acid in the arc as it begins to spray through, and you mark a little bit to stay just out of that range as you continue to do so. But the noise you are making is-- you're watching them slowly cluster up beneath where you guys are. You got a pretty good cluster, you could probably get about ten in one blast. All righty. And with that, for the sake of brevity on this standpoint, you wait until they begin to gather into one space, and with a singular Fireball, Keyleth, you watch as (explosion) you send four of them screeching down, falling into the pit from the blast, while six of them appear to be heavily wounded or burned to a cinder and run off screaming, before collapsing and then smoldering maybe 20 feet from the pit. More swoop up to gather into that space, now that that explosion has drawn their attention as well. And you see a few stop for a second, smelling the ruin of their companions, and you see a moment there to shoot another Fireball as soon as they're gathered. (explosion) This one finishes off any of the stragglers there and heavily damages a handful of others. You watch now, over the period of time of you both shooting, you taking arrows and what's available, over the next five to six minutes or so, you guys cut down the numbers to about half what they were. And there's now just broken wreckage of ankhegs just torn open from the explosion, their chitinous armor fractured and open with the smoldering innards burning and sizzling from the impact of the fire. They start to slow their ascent as more and more of them begin to die, and you watch as they all begin to burrow back into the earth, scattering deeper into the ground. Splashes around inside. Some of them have burrowed and some have gotten wind of the wreckage and ruin-- You're above the hole, holding the jug-- Yeah. Two-- they're very soft. Very, like, long-cooked lamb, just dripping off the bone, you're like-- throw it off there-- Were they in the Bag of Colding? No. They're definitely soft. Build a commune with nature? I like the image of a spell that-- I just like a spell that creates a hippie commune somewhere in your fantasy world. I think it's pretty cool. True enough. Continue, what are you doing? You get the sense that as burrowing creatures, collapsing the tunnels might slow them down, but they'll probably still dig their way out. I mean, enough to maybe, like-- You wouldn't have anywhere near enough to do what you're trying to do. Pike? Okay. Okay. Okay. So you cast Earthquake, what's the casting time on that? Okay. So you look there and focus for a second, close your eyes, and you guys watch as the edges of the sinkhole begin to shift. The single tower that was partially collapsed? Collapses into full bits of rock and rubble, and some of it spills further into the tunnel as the tunnel begins to cave in. Basically, you fill in the rest of the sinkhole, and the mine now drops 25, 30 feet as the rest of the earth comes and fills it in. Eventually, the rumbling slows and comes to a calm, and you see now there's a dip where the space in the forest was-- it's like a big bowl, and some of the trees fall into it and get buried in the earth and stone as it collapses inward. A few moments pass, and you watch as some of the ankhegs begin to pop out, like the collapsed tunnels have forced them to begin burrowing their way to the surface to orient themselves. You watch as about five, ten, 20 or so of these begin to emerge, and as they emerge they look around the space. And you watch them looking at each other and sniffing the area-- (sings) Pike can end this world in a holocaust, in a holocaust-- All right, so. As everyone's marveling over your Earthquake, little Pike goes, "And also--" And you watch as about 30 or so of these creatures have now emerged, and they're all communicating with each other, and their antennas are going by, and they're beginning to look around-- and this streak, this zigzag of burning flame just tears across the base of this bowl and just incinerates about 20 of them. You now see them immediately smoldering, turning to ash, these blackened clusters of heavily charred husk, and the others that came to the surface just scatter into the forest. You get the sense that the ruin you've left, the collapsing of the tunnels and the rather large portion of their populace that you've left destroyed, there's probably not much of an infestation left here in the mines. I mean, that you saw come to the surface gathered. Okay. So. You guys make your way back towards Deastok-- Yes. Make your way back towards Deastok. You still have access to your Wind Walk, since it's not concentration, it lasts a while, so quickly enough, with your equipment in place, you guys can traverse rapidly back to the city in which you began this journey. You make your way back to The Grumpy Lily, introduce yourself to the two denizens within, with the phrase, if you recall. The same elderly gentleman is like, "Well, okay," and shuffles over and opens the same doorway that leads you through the stairs, into the central hallway where there's that one gruff guy on the stool, he recognizes you, nudges you and opens the door. And you step into the tavern. It's not as busy as it was last time, it's probably about maybe two-thirds of the clientele there, but the music's still going, there's people chatting, having drinks, and at a different table you see Korshad just sitting alone, hands still crossed, cup half-full, still resting beneath him. And as soon as you enter, his eyes are trained on you. Whether it was expectant or just sheer luck, or his eyes are always trained on whoever enters the door, as soon as you enter the establishment, you watch as his smile cracks the sides of his mouth and his-- the edges of his eyes, the little crows' feet curl up a bit. And he motions you over. The musicians are not currently playing. At this point, it's early morning. I'll say for the purposes of the hour that you got there, best that I can recall, it's like 130 in the morning. It's pretty late. "But of course. Have a seat." His head looks at you. "You did not leave but a number of hours ago. Am I to expect that you "have completed this task already?" He motions his finger up towards one of the second rows, and you watch as one of the guards there, the ones that you've noticed before and kept your eyes on that have the hidden crossbows, knocks on the edge of a door that opens up slightly. He whispers to somebody and a few moments later another guard walks up, escorting what looks to be a young mousy woman of red-brown skin. Her eyes, as soon as you get a glance, are snow-blind. And you watch as the guard that's with her is actually holding her arm and guiding her as she walks. She has big black curls that trail down to her middle back and as she's led to the table Korshad gives a little whistle. And a drink is brought at her place and she sits down. Looks a little confused and nervous, but sits down and leans into Korshad, and he turns to her and says, "This is Duala. She will confirm your words. Duala?" She glances her face over past your group and as she does, she reaches into a pouch and brings out what looks to be a few stone runes. And she clatters them across the table. And as soon as she puts her fingers out in front and spreads them like that, the runes all magnetically (scraping) shift to match the placement of her fingers below. Her snow-blind eyes now go pure white. And there's just a moment where you watch as her head begins to drift back like a slow hinge. You do not. At least not this form of casting. After a minute or so, her eyes come back to their snow-blind appearance, her fingers curl back in and with a very small voice she goes, "The mine is "cleansed, though the mine is also collapsed." Korshad's looking at her, and goes, "But you say "it is cleansed, yes. Of everything?" She gives a nod. "It is free." He looks back to you all with a very sly, begrudging brow, one eye still partially closed. "Very well. We will send men to confirm "the depths of this, and operations will begin. If at any point it is discovered that this was some "sort of charade or the means of our agreement were not met fully, we will be happy to make sure the "rest of the Darrington estate falls back squarely under our grasp. However, for the time being and "if what you say is true..." He reaches under the table and sifts through a small sack that he had held between his feet and ankles, pulls out a heavy piece of parchment. "The deed to the "Darrington estate. Signed over to one Taryon Darrington." Make a persuasion check, Mr. Doe-Eyed Young'un. 22. "Hmm. You are young. Not yet spoiled by the strange truths of the world around you. I "admire your optimism in the face of the unknown. It may be your salvation or it may be your end. "Only time will tell. I'll give you this farmland." "But. If at any point your family comes back to me requesting any more inches in our agreement, "I will happily take it back." He leans back in his chair, his arms now being removed from his mouth and going to an expectant cross. He nods, leans forward. "Then you'd better start saving." "That would be a very kind gesture towards the state you left the mine in." "Let's call it the last thread of my patience, young Darrington." "Duala, you may return to your quarters." "Thank you very much." She gets up and looks past you all with a nod, and then her guardian escorts her back into the chamber as Korshad is just trained on you. "What I have given you is far more than many in my position would. I will work hard "to make sure that this softness I have displayed does not hinder my reputation. And the more you "press, the more you may be the end of that softness, my friend. I recommend you stick to the "deal we've made. Be happy that I've shown any mercy. And be on your way." "Indeed. Perhaps your father might raise a finger or two and earn some money for himself." "Good evening." He takes a drink, and sips it, and gives this motion with his hand as his eyes finally avert from Taryon and the rest of your group and he looks away with a contemplative expression. As he does so, you watch as the guards all begin to shift out of the crowd. And you watch as many of the various tavern folk that were laughing and drinking are all quiet now, looking upon the rest of you. And you get the sense that pretty much everybody in this establishment, patron or not, are all keeping an eye on this. They're all part of Korshad's guard in some way, shape or form, and you've been given leave. You watch as Wence comes up to you, as this is happening, and goes, "Hi. Look. You seem like "very nice folk. You should probably..." (clicks tongue) "Okay, good. Drink for the road?" And he gives you a little shot, to you, Vex, and goes, (tongue click). And that was the end of Vox Machina's story. No. All right. You make your way out, back up through the Grumpy Lily, back onto the streets of the deep, deep dark morning hours in Deastok. What do you wish to do? Make a con-- no, I'm kidding. (laughter) It numbs a bit of the surface skin, seems like a strong alcohol. So you make your way back to the Darrington estate? Okay. The guest quarters are cramped for the volume of travelers you have with you, but as you approach and knock on the door, there's a slight pause before your... Yes, thank you. Berthold, the brass-skinned dragonborn companion comes up with his nightcap on in front of his face, and he's got his little lantern. He's like, "I assume you wish to stay "here. I'll arrange for... Come in, come in." He rubs his eyes as he leads you inside. It's quiet and still, and the house is dark. No light aside from the small lantern that Berthold has, and he leads you on the bottom floor to the guest quarters, which are two separate rooms, each with a singular bed. You watch as he begins to grab cushions from various chairs and display sofas that are covered in dust, that haven't been sat in for a decade, at least, and is trying to arrange them in a haphazard floor bedding scenario. He gets to a point where he gives up and goes, "Oh, there. Good night." And walks away. You still do have your room, Taryon, if you want to use it. Okay, then. Make a stealth check. Half of you open an eye in the middle of the night as you hear the creaking of the wood flooring. Trinket farts are an issue. Then again, so are Minxie farts. That's how rock gnomes sleep, they do a little circle around the cushion. All right. So you make it to your room, left as it was. Most of the furniture is covered in sheets, but untouched as to where you left it the last time you were here. There's a firm layer of dust across most of it, and as you step into the room, with each step you can see the footfalls leaving a small trail on the floor. You have a large shelf of books that line the right wall. You can see the footsteps to and from the bookshelf where it seems like your mother has taken, here and there, little elements of your collection. You see the covered outline of your workbench, which inhabits the far side of the chamber, and a familiar smell of old oil and leathers immediately causes a flood of memories to hit you of growing up in this space. You do see, poking out from one of these sheets, some of the leftover pieces from when you constructed your first Doty, and you see the armored hand, partially open with some of the gears and runes only partially put into the hand and then discarded and left to the side, and it also reminds you of those years. You have this nostalgic wave hit you as you pull the sheet off your bed, and dust it out, and fluff your pillow, and for the first time in a long time, have a night's sleep in your own chambers. It's very cold, but sleep does take you. You guys finish your evening's rest. You awake. After the stress of the previous battle of the day, you all tend to sleep in for the most part, plus the late hour of eventually getting to rest. You all eventually come to later in the morning, closer to noon, but as you wake up, you wake up to the smell of food being cooked. You make your way out into the central foyer area of the estate, and you can see Berthold is running around the kitchen, desperately trying to put together whatever meal is viable, and eventually shouts out, "Breakfast is served!" "It's... dinner time! Dinner you're having-- breakfast, staying the night, "and the market wasn't open." "Potatoes. Some bread, might be a bit stale. I made some stew. Breakfast stew. It's just stew, "but you're having it for breakfast. Some mushrooms. That's it. I am sorry." As you guys complete your breakfast, you notice that eventually Maryanne's voice begins to echo through the stairway. She comes down and goes, "My word, Berthold, what are you cooking this-- " She comes down. You can see her hair is curled in front of her face and pulled back and tied up into this tight bun in the back, and she's just wearing this long, deep blue robe over her casual silk blouse attire and pants. She glances down, holding onto the railing. "Good morning." "Right." "Pleasure. Brother, I wasn't aware we had company staying." "I've heard. I just didn't realize..." She gives you such a stink eye. "I'll go speak to Father." "And Mama." And she heads up the stairs. About five minutes pass, and you hear the sound of multiple footfalls as the rest of the Darrington family makes their way down. First you have Maryanne, same attire, but she's a little more put together. You can see now she's left the robe behind to have more of her classic formal presenting-to-company outfit. Behind her you have Mariya, your mother, who is in practically the same outfit she was in yesterday. She really doesn't seem to care at this point, it's more about being comfortable. A few feet behind, to his own entrance, there you see with his thick mutton chops and a tied-over, deep red, burgundy coat, Howaardt Darrington. As they all enter, Mariya immediately runs forward and goes, "Oh, I didn't realize breakfast was going to be made!" She goes over and takes a little plate and starts filling it with rolls and potatoes. She goes up and rubs your head a little bit and kisses you on the forehead, and goes, "It's nice to have company." "Oh, yes." "I'm fine for now. Your sister tells me that we are to have a family meeting." "Very well." He seems keen at the choice of words. "Yes, my son." He looks to Mariya and Maryanne and softens up. "I am... If what you say is true, then this is "indeed a great day, and I owe each and every one of you a great debt. We owe you a great debt." Maryanne, at this point, says, "No, brother, you have!" And you watch as Howaardt puts his hand out in front and dad-hands her, immediately, and pushes her back, not stopping his gaze from you. His jaw clenches tight as he clears his throat and his hands go back behind his body. There's a flash of movement. Quicker than you've seen your father move, he has grabbed a chair behind him, and thrown it across the room, smashing it against the nearby wall. (heavy breathing) "You have no right to talk to me... You stand here and shame the work that I've done, and "given my life to secure and give to you and your sister, and to uphold the mistakes that my father "made to the best of my ability and fix them. And you waltz in here after a year of adventuring and "just expect me to accept you throwing everything I've worked for into the sewer?" "It wouldn't be that way if you would've just married that girl." Make a persuasion check That's a moment to do it. You see as Mariya, your mother, has now moved to the side of Howaardt, holding his arm. "Honey, there was no other path. This is a gift." He pulls his arm from her and begins to walk toward you. You watch as Maryanne has put on a shocked face, gone pale white, and for a moment, the facade of the adult gives away to the child. "Father." As he walks up to you, you watch as he brings his hand up, and falls into his own hand, and falls to his knees on the ground. He's shaking, he's quaking. His fist is clenched there, and he slams it into the ground, once, twice, a third time, each one a resounding knock of him hitting bone and skin against wood. And he does it again, and again, and again, all the anger and fury being focused into this. As he stops, you can see the blood pouring from the side of the knuckles, and his hand is shaking. He stops and looks at it. (deep breath) And for the first time-- not even the other evening, in which there was a sort of feigned softness to him, that you have read through before and seen-- for the first time you see your father as a broken man. He looks up at you. "I lost "everything. I did this to us." He looks back at Mariya, and Maryanne, and to you. The dampness gathering down the side of his wrinkled cheeks, gathering across the stubble on his chin, and vanishing amongst the cluster of thin, bristly facial hair. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry." He looks about at this point. Now, his focused anger has subsided, and this emotional moment realizing that there are strangers at the table, and he (clears throat) "If you could please "give us a bit of time." His hand still clustered there. He looks over to Berthold, who ushers you all out front, you staying behind, Taryon. About ten minutes or so, as you're all awkwardly waiting outside in the quiet. The cloudy day that originally brought you into Deastok is breaking in places, you see hints of blue sky peeking through, and a little bit of sunlight occasionally finding its way across the cobblestone roads of the cityscape. You hear the occasional tweet of birds as they jump from tree to tree. And in this silence you really get to take in the surrounding beauty of this town, even as oppressive and gloomy as your arrival may have been, and the tenseness of the work you had to do in this space. You allow yourself to realize that this is a nice town. You hear the door open once more from the front of the estate, and there you see Maryanne, wet on the cheeks. "My father would like to speak to you, if that's all right." She steps back in and Howaardt comes back. He is more composed than he was before. He is back to his presentory self. "When my son left, I was under the impression that his fanciful ideas would "either break him and send him back to me to finally listen to what I had to teach, if luck was "with us. If not, his fool's errand was bound to get him killed. It is by some miracle that he "found you. I don't know what's in store for my children, my wife, myself. There is a lot to "discuss, a lot to decide. Us as a family. And I'm still processing all of it. I'm sorry you got "pulled into all of this, but I'm glad that you gave him your friendship. And I'm sorry you had to "see this." He's hiding his bad hand under the good one. "I'm sure in time I'll come to appreciate "this. Out of desperation and obsession, I became my father, something I promised I would never do. "And I'm sorry." He looks back over his shoulder at Tary, who's a few feet behind him. "I'm sorry." Then he walks back into the house and just-- He stops a little bit and looks back over his shoulder towards you. "Legacy." He continues walking into the house. He stops. "I'm sorry, what?" He's still clutching and hiding it. He gives you a look of understanding of what you're asking. "I appreciate the offer, but this needs to heal on its own." "This pain shouldn't be fleeting." And he walks away inside. She's inside right now. As you walk inside, she's sitting at the table where everyone had breakfast, she's eating what was on her plate, alone. She turns around. "Be back, please." "Of course, what do you need?" "Taryon, I'm far too old for adventure." "As an organizer?" "All right. But if you're going out and you're coming back, and I'm to help, "bring back a better outfit." "Royal blue." She gives you a big hug. As she hugs you, her mouth gets near your ear and she goes, "I'm glad you listened." She sniffles a bit and pushes you away. "Now go, go! Hurry back! Be safe!" It's possible, it's just going to be a long journey. Transport Via Plants. Tree Stride is a very different spell. I know what you mean, but I was opting for clarification. Transport Via Plants. I know what you mean. I know it does. You find the nearest large tree and with a quick snap of your fingers, a flash of druidic energy, you watch as the tree form splits open, revealing the doorway. On the other side, the main thoroughfare of Whitestone. You step through and find yourself back in your home city. You knock on the Sun Tree a little bit, continue walking. First thing that catches your attention, the main square of Whitestone, largely around the Sun Tree, is fairly empty except for a few carts. It's mostly for traversing. There's a small garden that's in the early stages of being set around. As you walk into the main area, you notice that there's a lot of carts that are circling the north end of it, like a small caravan of sorts. You see a series of wagons, some horses that are tied off at a couple of hitching posts off to the side, and you see what appear to be tents and tables with various wares for sale. Fruits, vegetables, some exotic cloths and tapestries, clothing available. You don't recognize any of these people, necessarily. There's no reason, there's no calendar element to it. As you walk up, one of the nearest Pale Guard is doing a walk-through. "Percival. Now that the trade routes are open, we're having "more caravans to and from Emon." "Essentially. We're just keeping the peace." "It's baffling that you are so comfortable with it still." "Of course, of course." He walks off. Do you guys want to walk around? At this time they're selling. You see some of the populace has come out. You see delicious fruits, some swamp roots, there are some herbal setups that have things that are from Stillben and things that are not indigenous to the Whitestone area. Make an investigation check. Best Luck use ever. You find some nice tomatoes. They're real tasty-looking tomatoes. There's one oddities shop that has small baubles and little jewelry, trinkets that they have for sale. There's a lot of dried meats. There's no fresh fish because a lot of the fishing that's done locally doesn't travel very well on caravan. There is no flower shop on the caravan. There is a flower shop in Whitestone, but you don't really travel to bring flowers, they don't keep very well. You walk up and you see a number of delightful things. You see a small rack of various glass vials with various-colored liquids inside. Some of them seem to be swirling. As you walk up, you see this gentleman in his early 40s, this long handlebar mustache that curls past the edges of his jaw, his hair is combed over to one side and slicked down. As you approach he's like, "Oh, hi! "Yes, I've heard of you, you're Vox Machina! Well, if there's a team looking for the things I have to "sell, it would be you!" "Now." He immediately goes into his spiel. You watch as some of the other carts nearby begin to roll their eyes a little bit. "So! Vox Machina. First off, how do I do the pleasure?" "Theobold Cans, by the way. That's my name. Keep it in mind. Theobold Cans." "I have here acquired a few interesting things that may help you on your journeys. Here." He pulls out one of the vials and swirls it for a second. It has an orange-ish, yellow-ish color to it, and as it flows around its side, it has a thick movement to it, like a syrup. "This liquid, "upon being imbibed, will temporarily allow you to see, read, and speak any language you like!" "Isn't it, though? So I'll put that one aside as a possible, yes." You glance over and take a moment to concentrate. Yes, it is a Potion of Tongues. "Now, these, you might be interested in." He pulls out what appears to be a set of goggles with these thick crystal lenses in the front. "Now, these, these fit over your eyes, and upon "activation, they have the chance of dazzling somebody and calling them a friend for some time. "So. In the maybe pile? This is--" At this point, in the middle of this conversation, you specifically, Vex, you glance over your shoulder as you see the crowd parting off to the side. There's a large figure beelining in your direction. You glance over and you see the crowd's being parted. You see a seven-foot-tall, not quite Grog-level but comparable imposing figure, coming right towards you. You see darker olive skin, appears to be a set of half-plate armor, no sleeves, just plate on the chest and on the legs. You see short hair that's buzzed on the sides with a curl of dark in the front, a Superman S curl in the front. You see a big broad smile, a tusked smile. You see orcish blood in this figure as it approaches with a big sword across the back. As the figure rushes up, apparently drawn by the sound of the phrase 'Vox Machina'... (cheering) So, as you have been in the process of specifically keeping an eye out for a group of individuals, specifically looking out for the name or any mention of Vox Machina, you've spent a number of hours with no luck, frustrated. But you've made some friends in talking around, and then suddenly you hear someone shout the name from a distance. You glance over and see a cluster of individuals that match the descriptions you were given. You immediately beeline up to them. You watch as two similar-looking half-elves spin and give you the evil eye. It's hard to miss this guy show up. Insight check. He seems pretty lost on the name Shorthalt, but seems to be upfront with his intent. No, not at all! "I don't mean any offense, here, but I was in the middle of a transaction, "if you don't mind, sir?!" "7,000 gold pieces." "The third one?" "There's a ring." "A ring." "Allows you to move freely." "No!" "Gaaah!" You watch as you're led by this lumbering oaf of a half-orc who has a spring in his step and a perpetual smile. Everyone around just can't help but watch him as he goes. He exudes this natural force of personality in spite of himself. People are enthralled or spooked or just trying to figure out what the heck this individual is that's now talking and walking with a very confused-looking Vox Machina. He leads you along to the southern side of Whitestone, talking about his tales of growing up around Ank'harel and Marquet. Any other tales he wishes to express along the way. But, eventually, leads you to one of the inns in the south side of the city. The interior is empty. There is nobody in there. It is just devoid of any people working there. You recall, because you were told to pay everybody to leave. You start pulling through the drawers. There is a piece of mutton in there. You get the sense that it wasn't stored there, more than maybe it was half-eaten and left there for later. Okay. Make investigation checks, you guys. Sure. So, what'd you get? You find the partially eaten mutton. Vax, you find the tavern has many drinks on tap, it has a number of cups. Looks to be remnants of people that were possibly eating or finishing a meal that quickly left. The coffers for the tavern are gone. No traces of poo, no. You hear footsteps coming down a stairway on the far end of the tavern. You watch as an imposing figure makes his way down the stairs. As he turns around the corner, the light comes in. You see a human man, very, very tan skin. His body is thick with muscles and is imposing by just his stance. His shoulders are forward a little bit, his fists clenched to the side. You see a dark leather vest that is affixed to the torso and a hood attached that hides elements of his appearance. But you do see long stringy black hair that cascades out the front and as he turns around, you see a very craggy, pockmarked face adorned by a thick black mustache, a deep scar that sits on his face under one eye, and you see his one hand is rested on this curved, jeweled dagger that is sheathed on one side. Turns around (thudding steps) walks over to one of the far tables, pulls the chair out, spins it around, sits in it and rests on it. "Welcome, friends. You are Vox Machina, yes?" "Sit down, please. If you don't mind. You are guests of mine right now." Make an investigation check. "Chod! Good job." And he flicks you a gold coin. 25. "My name is Aes Adon." "I'm but a humble merchant from Ank'harel, and I'm seeking to make some contacts in this "rumored emerging metropolis of Whitestone. Yes?" "Now, I have information that may be of use to you, my compatriots have told me. And, should my "gatherers and whisperers be correct, in trade I would like to get some information from this one." "Rumors tell me of these fabled Riflemen of Whitestone." "While paltry mechanical imitations have occasionally come across the markets on our side "of the world, I hear that you were the designer of these instruments of death." "Well, in the intent of expanding my influence in keeping the peace where I do "business, I would like to make a trade. This important information for you to grant me access "to your designs." "Let's say that information has come to my attention regarding a hidden location on Marquet. "A compatriot of mine, whom you've already met--" "-- recently returned from an expedition I sent him on, where he stumbled upon a pyramid." "Yes. Does this pique your interest?" "So, this is the information I have to offer." "I would request you hold that information until we make a deal." "Silence! My deal is with you, Vox Machina." "I've had a compatriot of yours stumble through my city seeking information about, "apparently, something beneath your city. The whispers come to me. I saw a connection. From what "I hear, you've put quite a bit of energy into this darkened orb." "I would not recommend that." "Thank you, Chod." No. "I did not meet this individual, but apparently they belong "on the council of your country." "Blonde of hair. Traverses through arcane means." "Woman. Blonde of hair." Leans back and you see he takes the dagger out and spins it a little bit on the fingertip. "The Meat Man is before you. I don't know where you heard this title, but--" (laughter) "There will be a conversation later." "But that is a business alias of mine that I've had for a short time." "There is no other Meat Man." "If you are referring to the small one, he's been dealt with. The title is now mine." "Dealt with in the way that anyone who does sloppy business imprisoned. No longer of "consequence. I was next in line." "The Meat Man I take the title from was not killed by me. He was a great man. Small, but "resolute. Confident. Handsome as they come. He taught me everything I know. It is a shame that he "has been lost in chains beneath the city, but I am keeping up." "I have, in his memory." "Beneath Ank'harel in its deepest prisons." "No, it was bequeathed by the others left behind in his absence. They respect me, and as "such, the Meat Man is I." "If not the designs, perhaps a few rifles and some ammunition. "Something I can take back to my workers." "Oh, she didn't come to me, but whispers came to me "that she was seeking this information." "Everywhere, my dear." "You could say that. I run a business in various goods. Some legal, and I make sure that "clients get them in a very forthright manner." "Well then, we have nothing more to discuss, then. Come, Chod." "Your shiny friend has a point." "As you hopefully know, the intent of negotiation is to aim high." "Then bring your expectations. So perhaps not plans. But a few rifles, a pistol or two and "some ammunition would be enough to outfit my team." "But I have my artisans at my disposal." "Well, if you don't, I'm happy to leave. Make some business here, some gold and then be on "my way. But I was informed that you, Vox Machina, so widely respected, so strong, so rich, so "involved in yourselves and your worldwide endeavors, that perhaps a little more world-saving "might be up your alley, but maybe I thought you wrong." "Because the information I give you in return may help save the world." "Just what I've been whispered." "I grow tired of this conversation. If this is a declination?" "Do not worry. You'll not see this face in your precious Whitestone again." He stands up. Okay. Insight check. He's going over to the half-orc. He goes, "Come on, we're leaving." Okay, he walks out. "Come!" Both of them walk out into the daylight and you follow. He turns around. "Yes?" Okay! Full-body? Okay. Immediately, instinctively, he backs up and you watch as Vex's arms pass through the legs and thighs and grab onto something smaller on the inside. And let's go ahead and take a break! (screaming) We're going to take a quick break, be right back here in a minute to pick this up. We're going to go ahead and have a Twitch giveaway in the chatroom for this awesome Wyrmwood complete system. This includes a dice tray, a dice box, a couple of fun things. It's zebrawood, which is nice. But, to win this, you have to go into the Twitch chat. The code for this is 'bardbarian." B-A-R-D-B-A-R-I-A-N. Barbarian, but with bard-barian. Cool. So, we'll see you guys back here in a few minutes. Hello, guys! And welcome back to tonight's episode of Critical Role! (laughs) So picking up where we left off, Lionel, you just watched as this half-elf girl forcefully merged with part of your boss, and your boss starts freaking out as everyone else, you all spook in mid-daylight as you hear this familiar voice come through, saying... What did you say, again? Oh, it was just you. You guys were still inside the tavern. He left with you. So, Vex, you're now there, staring at the Danny Trejo-like visage of the Meat Man. There's, maybe about 15 feet off, a little alley you could duck into, yeah. What you do notice about Scanlan... Definitely tanner skin; that scar you saw under the eye, still there on Scanlan, and the clothing and the outfit design is much more Marquesian than you recall. Definitely more Gilmore than Scanlan. Make a wisdom saving throw. Actually, no, for this I'm going to have to ask you guys both to roll initiative. That's what this is going to come down to. Okay. So he begins, after saying this, casting the spell. What do you do? Okay. I'll say go ahead and make a concentration check, so make a constitution saving throw. I'm going to have you... Let's see, for this... Just roll a d20. Yes. Roll a d20 and add your dex modifier to it. Dex modifier. So as you go to push him into the wall, you accidentally hit between where his foot and the edge of the stone is and it causes you to stumble forward and slam into him. You fall over. You, in the process, she hits you in the side of the... Almost, but instead, you both accidentally end up elbowing the shit out of each other. She falls over, you tumble over her and become this tangled pile of soreness. The spell is lost. However, you guys in the tavern, hear a (flurry of blows) against the wall on the outside. You guys all rush around to the alley. It takes an action to do the spell. Yeah, you're in a dark alley. So, Lionel, everyone just charges out of the tavern, and you hear a big commotion and voices on the side. At this point, you watch as the other one is now grabbing him, merging. What are you going to do to protect him? Are you going to scare them off, are you going to attack them? Do you have an ability that does that? Okay, all right. So as you're hugging him, you guys watch as the half-orc turns the corner, spooks, and then, suddenly, you watch as something beneath the armor glows briefly, and he starts flapping his arms, going (honking) right at you. I need you to make a wisdom saving throw. Nope. Okay, so it doesn't spook you off, it's just a little weird, as this giant man is now honking and waving and flapping his arms at you. He doesn't seem to be affected by it, he just gives you a strange look. Okay. Lionel, you watch as your boss for the past five months shifts into this tiny little man. Okay. You guys make your way back into the tavern. You now have the delightful experience of roleplaying two characters, Sam, in the same scene. Welcome to my world. Kaylie's in Ank'harel. Essentially, you... When you were there, it would've been about 12 or 13 of them there. No, that was all bullshit. Sure. Hard to read. Okay. Right. It's midday at this point, so you guys all go to your separate rooms and take time to yourselves independently, converse amongst individually. Lionel's left behind with you unless you gave him instructions otherwise. He's your bodyguard. You guys sit down, you get your drinks, and right as you're about to have this conversation, Lionel just moseys up to the table. The barmaid's like, "Um..." "Can I get you some wine, ale, beer? What would you like?" "I'll see what I can do." She walks away. All right. Roll for an attack. So what's your armor class? 18. Go ahead and roll, for this here, I'd say a d4. Why not? Because you guys are pretty beefy. A d4 and add your strength modifier. He comes across and cold-cocks you in the chin. You take ten points of damage from a single punch. You feel a looseness to one of your back teeth, and the white hits you, and your vision clears for a second, and you look over and you see the beefy, gray-skinned goliath, his fist still extended as he pulls it back, staring right at you. Do you guys want to be in the same bar or not, that's my question right now. Okay, so you're not there. This is happening between you guys. Grog goes into a rage. You guys are in a tavern. There's a few people, and as soon as that punch happened, a few people were like, "Ooh!" in the background, and as soon as you stand up and go into a rage, people begin to back out of the way. Tables are being pushed to the side. So then, I want you guys both to roll initiative. All right, so as you get up, you're like "All right!" And this guy-- you're used to being the biggest guy in the room. He's a little bigger than you. He did come with them, yeah. All right, so you can move pretty fast if you want to. As you're preparing, Grog, this guy who's a little larger than you are, and as soon as he stands up you're like, "Oh!" And he's quicker than you thought. Grog, what are you gonna do? You are, yeah. Oh, you were at a table within the bar. Okay, go ahead and roll for an attack. 25, okay. That hits. Go ahead and roll another d4. 12 points of bludgeoning damage to you as he smashes the table over your head. Lionel, the wood splinters and breaks around you, and you hear the crack of the broken wood, and you can feel the splinters shred across the edge of your shoulders, causing the burst of warmth and blood begin to flow to the top of your shoulders, and you're like, "Oh, this is exhilarating." All right. That's your turn? All right, Lionel, you're up. It's a bonus action to rage if you want. It's a bonus action to rage, if you want to do that. No, no. You're now raging, so now your muscles swell, the veins bulge out, with this big grin on his mouth. When Grog's raging, Grog's angry rage. He's happy rage. So what do you want to do for your turn? So, roll for an attack and it's plus ten. We'll say plus ten for this. What's your AC? 17? Go ahead and roll a d4 and add your strength modifier, which I think is a plus five. So, eight points of bludgeoning damage. You take four, Grog. Oh, plus three damage on top of that! So, eight, so 11. Sorry, you take five. You're both raging. You're both taking the lesser damage of each hit. No, Grog has that ability. He has a different-- he's not a frenzy barbarian. He does get two attacks. So you get to attack again. Go ahead and roll an athletics check. You go ahead and roll an athletics or acrobatics check to resist it. 14. You leap up behind him and put your arm up under. His jaw's like concrete, but you still find the one soft part and jam your bulging forearm up into that space and you feel the windpipe (choke) close and clench in. And your really, really fast feet are now dangling about two inches off the ground as you're on his back right now. That's the end of your turn. You're currently grappled, Grog, what are you going to do? Go ahead and roll. Are you just going to stay holding on as you're doing it? It's kind of fun for a second before you hit the wood. Wham! I'll say, go ahead and roll a strength saving throw to see if you can maintain the hold after the slam. 18. Okay, I'd say that's enough for the strength of the hold. So he keeps holding on after the slam in the back. Anything else you're going to do with your turn? Okay, roll for an attack. Yeah, so 1d4. So, ten damage halved to five and you have an ability as reaction, if you remember. It's in your totem abilities that you can use as a reaction. So, as you go to slam him with your elbow, you hit, but you feel like your elbow slips off his body and doesn't quite do the damage you hoped it would. So you take two points of damage. Go for it, roll for an attack. All right, so go ahead and roll 1d4 plus strength. 11. So you take five points of bludgeoning damage, because you can only use that reaction once per round. You have to use an action to try and break free of a grapple. So you took five, yeah. So now it's back to your turn. He slammed you into the wall, he's elbowed you twice in the stomach, you've resisted some of it, you're still holding him there. So if you wanted to, because of one of the feats you have, you could turn that into a pin if you wanted to. Yeah, it's on the bottom. Or you could just keep whaling on him. Yeah, you're holding onto him by throat, he slammed you against the wall, he's elbowed you in the stomach twice. Make an athletics check. And you have advantage on this because you're raging, so you roll twice and take the higher of the two. Okay, 22. Grog, I'm going to say, because you're grappled, go ahead and roll an athletics check with disadvantage. It should be one roll, because you're raging, you also get advantage on it, technically. 24. You reach off, you leap over and you grab him and you go to pull and it's like pulling a pillar. Not budging. You can try again if you want to, or do something else. He has a second attack, yeah. He's stand-spooning you. Make an intimidation check. Against Grog? Yeah. Grog, make a wisdom saving throw. I'm going to say, for the purposes of this, it catches you so off-guard and it's so unexpected that you're stunned for the next round. As you do that, you see him walk up and he starts pushing you away. You can let go, yeah. He's like, "Uh, uh!" You get a full other turn, what are you going to do? Go for it. You back away, you leap-- Yeah, go ahead and roll for an attack. If you want it, you can make it reckless. So roll twice and take the higher on each attack. Go ahead and roll a d4. Technically, it would add a d4, because he's not using his sword. So, roll that twice and then add your strength. 16 points of bludgeoning damage to you, Grog. That's eight. As your first attack, you run in. Right as soon as he looks up, you're smiling as you come at him. You watch as the beard shakes in opposition of the jaw quiver and you feel and can taste the iron welling up in the back of your tongue as you may have bitten off a small piece of the back of your tongue. As soon as you land from that punch, he looks a little stunned. You have a second attack if you want to. Awesome. You've practiced this alone many times, this is your first chance to actually use it. So go ahead and make an attack for your Wave Kick. Basically. Well, it's reckless, so you roll twice, take the higher. So go ahead and roll a d4 and add your damage. Okay, so nine. You take four points of bludgeoning damage, Grog, and you just took a swift Wave Kick to the groin, as he kind of (whack). Little snap right to the nuts, so it's not like an immediate pain, it's the tap. The dull nausea pain, and he seems to shake a little from the impact as he kinda grins and glares at you with his angry eyes. Well done. Grog? He just walked away. You see the woman in the back is carrying this mug and is like, "Right." "Here's your chocolate milk." You get the chocolate milk to your mouth, before (impact sound) knocks it right out of your hand. And you watch, the fist comes across, and the gnome that is in an arc of movement lands on her feet. You look down and you can see the white-haired, fully armored gnome there with her big gauntlets is now there below you, kind of grinning and growling. "Yeah." "Okay." She wanders off. She goes, "And the table?" "All right, thank you." Brings you another round of chocolate milk. As this transpires, we come over to you two, having a drink. So you guys find a separate pub. Okay, so you guys sit under the Sun Tree. It's midafternoon. Okay, all right. You guys begin walking back to the pub. You've been hearing the commotion in the distance. You assume that's it. You watch as Grog walks by in a huff. You're still in the tavern? You did. So then you watch Pike come out in a huff a little after him. Pike wanders off. You guys make your way to the tavern where the commotion's there. You walk in just as you see Keyleth and Lionel in the process and about to play an intense game of Boulder-Parchment-Shears before Lionel just decks Keyleth across the face. First off, you roll damage for her now. That's going to be a d4 plus your... I'll say you hit because she wasn't expecting it. He's still raging at this point. Why not? Actually, no, you'd have to be raging again because you did do your whole duck speech. So you could rage and then attack. So you take six damage. Now, Keyleth, go ahead and make an attack roll. With your earth elemental, I believe it's a plus what, to hit? Just the attack bonus. 18? What's your armor class? You just hit. Add your strength modifier to one. So what's your strength modifier? So, six damage, you take, whack! To the chin. Her fist is a rock. If you started raging before that, then yes, you would. But you can use your reaction to-- Off a Duck's Back. So you take the five damage right to the jaw. Whack! So now you got both sides of the jaw ringing a little bit in pain. All right, go ahead and roll for that. Roll your sleight of hand. And Percival, I want you to go ahead and roll a perception check. All right, so go ahead and roll. You pocket a little shot. Yeah. Nobody sees it. Nobody sees it. So Percival walks past and approaches them. Your armor suddenly begins to turn bright orange and burn your skin. (sizzle) How much damage does that do, Marisha? (sizzle) It sears into you, and you're like, "Ooh, it burns! That's new! That's new! "That's new pain!" Yeah, so you go ahead and you take five damage. You shrink into your armor. You try and minimize your torso. Okay, go ahead and roll for an attack. Yeah, so what's the save on that? On dexterity saving throws. What's it say on Diplomacy? All right, so go ahead and roll a constitution saving throw. So you take 17 points of lightning damage. You feel this burst of electrical energy. And Lionel just leaves. So the four of you now sit there in the bar. Tary is there, that's right. The table isn't that expensive, to be honest. Between the drinks you guys had, a solid seven or eight gold will handle it. "It's nice to know that the de Rolos are as lively as the rest of the people who live here." "You, too, my lord. My lady." You hear nothing. Right, you go back to the tavern. You bought out the inn. In Whitestone, there's a lot more ducks in this area than there are in Marquet. As you take a moment and you kneel, and you close your eyes, you envision the connection you had as a child to the ducks along the pond of the oasis, and as you open your eyes again, you see there, waddling in through the doorway of the inn, as the sun in the afternoon is going down to dusk, this one duck (quacking). What do you want to ask it? You're just hearing quacking back and forth. You hear through the duck's quacks, "It rains quite often, actually. "It's pretty cloudy. Great." The duck's head turns the other way, and it says to you through quacks, "Actually, there's one below the city." The essence of nature. "They didn't look happy when they left the tavern." (flapping wings) Sleeps in the corner. All right. Scanlan, are you doing anything? All right. Where do you go? You do. You've been to Whitestone Castle, you know where the rooms are in the castle, it's just been a while. You make your way to the castle. You're let in, because the guards still recognize you as a member of Vox Machina. Which room do you go to first? Grog. Are you in your room? (knocking) Scanlan (poof) appears in the center of your chambers. Grog leaves the chamber and exits. Okay. Pike, are you in your room? (knocking) (echoing slap) Okay. You make your way back. All right. You all eventually find yourselves to rest for the evening. Scanlan, you make your way back? Okay. That's a two-week journey for you. So we'll say at the next morning light, as you all come to consciousness, you find there, spry and waiting in the center of town, one Scanlan Shorthalt and one Lionel Gayheart, ready to join you on a trip back to Ank'harel. And that's where we'll pick up next week. Is there something you wanted to do? Something you wanted to button it on? Let's do it now. As you guys are gathering in the center of the city, on your way to the Sun Tree, they stand there in the light. You guys have your equipment on you, you're prepared for whatever may come on the other side of the world in the deserts of Marquet, wherever this mountain may be. And that's where we'll end the episode this week. Thank you so much for playing with us this week! That was so much fun! By the way, I forgot earlier to mention that PseudoSomething won the thing in the Twitch chat. Congratulations to you. Denoba will contact you if they haven't already to get your information. We'll have to wait 'til next week. Possibly. I'll show him once you guys leave, but yeah. Dude, thank you so much for coming and playing with us. Seriously. I love it. Oh, dude. The minute that you showed that the T-shirts had shown up to everyone in the store tonight, me and Sam were like... It's kind of amazing. But anyway, guys, we're going to go because some of us have flights in the morning to go the Stream of Annihilation tomorrow and Saturday at D&D. Big round of applause for Jon Heder. (cheering)